that flame blazing in the background I took your hand, and you showed me A final dream I breathe heavily. Once again, I'm drowning in the rich tone of his voice. When Jasper sings, the thought of him disappears. All I can focus on is the voice of a man that somehow knows how it feels to experience what I'm feeling. "Rose," he says again. I pant. "I'm… here." "You okay?" "Barely." "Good enough." One of his hands reach out to pat my shoulder. "That was another Vocaloid song, by the way." "I can tell." Why do English songs sound like crap compared to Vocaloid songs? I should have gotten into Vocaloids a long time ago. "What's it called?" "Love Light. By Miku." "It sounds sad." "It's supposed to be. A lot of Miku songs using her dark append voice is." "Dark append?" "One of the many kinds of voices Miku has. It's the same with other Vocaloids. I love her dark append best. I learned to play many of her dark append songs." "Was Crack a dark append song too?" "Yeah." He pulls his hand away. "Listen, whatever Jacob did to you, you won't get over him instantly. It's normal to be hurt for a long time. But the hurt won't last forever. Maybe not today, tomorrow, next week, or even a year. Eventually, you'll live to see the day that thinking about Jacob won't hurt you." "Have you stopped hurting over Maria?" "No." He places his guitar back on the grass. "But that's why I have my guitar. It helps me heal. Singing Vocaloid songs is my personal therapy." Personal therapy. That is what my notebook is to me. "I don't sing, but I write," I tell him. "I have a notebook at home with a bunch of stuff that was on my mind that I wrote down." "Can you come up with one right now?" "Sure." Immediately, the words come out of my mouth naturally. " Enveloped in our own bubble, the space between two people is not much of a space after all. " Whoa. He smiles. "Nice. You could write songs with those words." "I'm not a songwriter. That was Jacob's thing." "But those were beautiful words. Like you." I blush. Hearing Jasper call me beautiful is flattering, yet endearing. "You think I'm beautiful?" "Of course. A man would be blind not to." "Thanks." He called me beautiful numerous times, but hearing Jasper call me beautiful feels different. The way he said it somehow replaces the pain of remembering every time Jacob has every called be beautiful. "I don't get why this Jacob let you go. You're a cool girl. If I ever talked about my interest with Vocaloids to anyone, they would just give me a weird look. But you listened." "It's what I do. Even if I had no idea what Vocaloids are, I would've still listened to your explanation." There is still warmth in my chest. But it isn't the raging, depressing fire I felt earlier. The fire is bearable, leaving a tingling sensation in my body. The fire is a kind of warmth that makes me feel… good. It's a flame blazing in the background. The warmth moves to my hand. I look down and see Jasper's own hand holding mine, fingers loosely tangling with my fingers. " The space of two people brings them closer together, until the space disintegrates altogether ," I whisper. "Are we those two people?" he whispers back. "I guess we are." I smile. So does he. I never would have believed that running into Jasper would end up like this. He is an intriguing person. He is someone I want to get to know. He is a person where "something more" could actually happen. "So…" he says. "So…" I mirror back. "Do you want to get some coffee?" "Coffee? Are you pulling off a throwback pickup line?" "Fine. Would you like to bang at my place?" I giggle. "Your place is the dorms. With Emmett. I'll stick with the coffee." "Coffee it is." He lets go of my hand. We stand up, brushing away grass from our asses. When I look back at him, he is smiling that smile that I'm starting to love. Love. Could I learn to love this man? Take it one step at a time, Rose. Only time can tell. It's too soon to assume if there is a Jasper and Rosalie. He holds out his hand, the same hand that I held seconds ago. It's a possibility awaiting for me to take. It's a dream that could end a distant dream and begin a new one. So I seize the possibility. I hold his hand. We are a man and a woman who parted from people we believed were our true loves. Their paths diverged until they intersected for the first time. Then the paths separated again, only to intersect again. The cycle continued, until there is one intersection that makes a difference. The world isn't cruel to me anymore. There is a new heartbeat filling a space in my life. So yeah! My first Rosalie/Jasper fic. The calm one and the tenacious one. I love this ship. Sadly, there aren't too many fics about them around fanfiction. This is my way to add one more story to the R/J collection. I'm gonna do a little pimping. While waiting for the results of STTHF contest, I wrote my first slash fic. YES, SLASH. But it's for Dan and Phil, two YouTubers that I love to the bottom of my heart. Sure, they're hot and British, but it's their nerdy humor that drew me in to them. They have my sarcastic, awkward humor. The fic is called A Spectrum of Infrared. If you guys like ASOI, I may try to do another slash fic featuring Twilight characters. *wink wink nudge nudge* Maybe with a lemon too since the next Dan/Phil fic I'm writing has a lemon. Until next time. ~ AA