Anna had ever seen in her entire life walked out to the truck after a few moments.. Almost as soon as Bella's truck pulled into the driveway, Jacob was on his feet, going out the door to meet her like he always did.. But when he stepped out the door of Sam Uley's house, the weirdest thing happened to him. The scent of watermelon filled his nose, strong and sweet, definitely the most potent and tantalizing smell he'd ever smelled before. He was frozen in place when he saw her. Everything before this moment no longer mattered. He watched as her hand dragged slowly through long and thick light brown hair and his tongue danced slowly across his lips. The closer she got to him, the stronger and more tantalizing the scent of her got. "Jacob.. Are you okay?" Seth asked, nudging his friend. "I'm.. I don't know.." "You look funny right now, man." Quil muttered as he studied his friend intently. Having imprinted already, he had his own suspicions that was what his friend was going through currently. Jacob could see them in his mind, he could see how happy they would be someday, every little detail was ingrained in his brain right now like a movie. Things seemed brighter, more enhanced. He didn't feel the bitterness and the jealousy or the pain he'd been through trying to make Bella fall in love with him for the better part of nearly two years now. All he could see, all he wanted, was her. Things were now officially full circle for the young shifter because when they were younger, he used to have a secret crush on Anna. But she was shy, she'd usually hide when he'd come over with his father to visit. And he was sort of shy too, honestly, or he had been at that particular point in time. Anna nudged her older sister, nodded to Jacob and asked in a whisper, "Is that? Wow.. I mean I always thought he'd get taller.. That is Jacob, right?" "That's Jacob." Bella said as she looked at Jacob, who was staring at Anna like an ass and making her all sorts of jealous right now. "Wow." Jared had been just about to make a joke about Jacob's annoying habit lately, his borderline obsessive inner dialogue where Bella was concerned, but he noticed that Jacob was staring at the girl with Bella, a very familiar dazed look on his face. "Did he?" "Yeah, man, I think he did.. I think he just imprinted on the girl with Bella. Who is she anyway?" "That would be Anna, Bella's younger sister." Quil said as Seth looked at him and then said "Well? The bet, remember?" "Seth, we were seven. That bet went.." "Technically, Quil, even though none of us really knew we'd turn into shapeshifters and be able to imprint, we did make that bet and I did say that I thought Jacob liked Anna." "And I didn't disagree, Seth, so technically, it wasn't a bet." "Fine." Anna stared at Jacob a few moments, her hand in her hair. He'd definitely grown up. He'd grown up a lot. She felt her cheeks heating up, she knew she should stop staring at him, but the fact remained, she couldn't. There was just something about the look in his eyes and the fact that he was staring right back at her. Her heart was racing a little, she suddenly felt nervous and excited all at once. "Are we going into the house today?" Bella asked in a slightly agitated tone as she looked from Anna to Jacob, her stomach churning nervously. All she could think about right now was the speech Jacob gave her about imprinting, how important it was to the shapeshifters. And from the looks of it, she might have put her own foot into her mouth earlier when she'd told Anna that no matter what, Jacob would always be there for her, he'd always be her best friend. ' if he's imprinted on her, it's like he won't even know I'm alive anymore. Nothing I do or say will matter. I really will lose him like I told Anna earlier that I knew I wouldn't.' Bella thought to herself, the jealousy that came with the thought surprising her and overwhelming her. Was she about to lose Jacob to her little sister? It certainly seemed that way right now. And even though she knew she shouldn't be, she found herself insanely jealous of Anna, even more than she seemed to be lately. "Yeah." Anna finally answered as she started to walk towards the group of giants. "Anna.. Bella didn't tell me you moved back." Jacob said finally as he lifted her up in a bear hug. Anna hugged him back, laughing a little as she looked up and teased him gently, "Little person doesn't want to be crushed." as Jacob stood her back on her own feet, grinned sheepishly. "Sorry, it's just been a really long time since I've seen you." "It really has, Jacob, because wow.." Anna gestured at him, biting her lip as she looked up, diverting her gaze quickly. In the background, Paul smirked and whispered to Jared, "And it looks like Bella's head is about to explode right now. Should I go pop the popcorn?" "This is going to be amusing, I think." Jared admitted as Leah spoke up from behind them and commented, "At least it wasn't Bella. I'd have strangled one or both. Not saying her sister's any better, I really don't know her well, but it's not Bella." "Leah, don't start." "I'm just saying, that's all.. For all we know, the leech fetish could be a genetic trait with them." Bella glared as Jacob and Anna talked to each other, excitedly. If he'd imprinted on Anna, she'd officially lost him because from the looks of it, the crush Anna used to have on Jacob was slightly returning. And she didn't like this one little bit.