but your heart says no." He lifts one of his hands and places it back on the side of my face. His thumb strokes my cheek. "I'm glad you told me your story. There's a lot about you I still don't know about. Now I know why you looked scared when I told you I'm in love with you. Emmett did that to you." "Do you hate me?" I ask. I feel exposed and vulnerable, more so than when Emmett confessed his feelings. But this time, I know what I'm doing. I know that fleeing from the situation has more consequences than facing it head-on. "Hate you? Why?" "Look at me, Edward. How could you be in love with a girl that loves someone else, but has a crush on you anyway? I'm a horrible person. At least Emmett goes after one girl at a time. I'm having feelings for two completely different people." "You're not horrible. And I don't hate you." His unoccupied hand grabs one of my hands. "You're courageous for telling me about Emmett. It makes me love you even more. I'd never be brave enough to share my first heartbreak, if I had one." I smile, holding back tears. Tonight, I won't cry. I shed thousands of tears for Emmett. I won't shed a tear for Edward. "I want to fall in love with you," I tell him softly. "I wish Emmett didn't wreck my trust for boys." "Do you still love him?" "Yes." I look at him with shame. "I haven't let him go one hundred percent." "But you like me." "Absolutely." "Then I'll wait." The hand on my cheek joins our clasped hands. "I won't be like Emmett. All girls won't ever be like you. I believe we don't have separate red strings. There's only one. It connects the both of us. If we're meant to be, I'll wait for you until you can sort out your feelings. I'll be here for you." He raises our hands and brushes his lips on my knuckles. My face goes red. I'm in awe by the sweet gesture. "I'll wait until you're ready to kiss me. Just because we're alone doesn't mean we have to kiss. Life isn't always a movie." I chuckle. "We're on the same page. Why people want to have movie moments are delusional. Life is much better than the movies." He grins. "Life is beautiful. It's up to us how we live it." "Are you throwing cheesy lines now?" "What? Aren't dorks all about the cheesiness?" "I guess so." We laugh, our positive moods easing the serious tension. I'm happy. Emmett is the past. Edward is the future. Rather than be attached to the past, Edward is giving me a reason to move forward, one day at a time. Someday, whether it's in days, weeks, or months, I'll love him the way he loves me. I look at the clock. 1:58. "It's getting late." "I know. We should go to sleep." "Yeah." He lets go of my hands, uncrossing his legs and moving off the bed. Card key held in his hand, I follow him to the door. "Thank you," I say, snaking my arms around his waist, my head on his chest. "Thank you for understanding. A typical guy would run for the hills with my story." "Well, I'm not the typical guy." He kisses my hair. "What are we, then?" "More than friends." "We're not dating." "But we're not friends. So we can do what we're doing." "Hug?" "And kiss. Just not on the lips. Hold hands too." "Does that mean I'm courting you?" I giggle. "You can put it that way." "Courting… I like that. And I'll prove to you I'm worthy of your attention." "You've already got it. It's myself I have to fix." He opens the door. "Don't fix yourself too much. I love who you are." We break the hug and he opens the door wider. He kisses my forehead. "Sleep well, Bella." Not sleep tight. Already different than Emmett. "You too, Edward." "I love you." I smile. I like hearing him say those three words. "I know." "You'll say them too." "In the future. Now go. We're losing valuable sleep time." "Alright alright." I watch him walk the short distance to his room. He opens the door with his card key. We wave at each other. I close the door behind me. Whatever comes in the morning, I can't wait. The hand-holding scene was taken from a memory I had from my first CTSO conference during my 3rd year of high school. Two of my classmates had rooms next to each other and they wanted to see if their hands could touch from across their two separate balconies. It worked, and I wanted to use that scene in a romantic context. The almost kiss is a parallel to the Lucaya almost-kiss from the Girl Meets Texas: Part 2 episode of Girl Meets World. GMW is the only show I catch up with on Disney Channel nowdays, given that everything is realistic and the ships aren't rushed. I ship both Lucaya and Rucas, so I won't mind whatever ship becomes the endgame ship. In reality, for CTSO conferences in Hawaii, there's no such thing as getting our own hotel rooms. The up-side was that we got to choose our roommates, though I still wished we got our own rooms. But hey, that's what fanfiction is for. Fanfiction = allowing our imaginations to be free, as long as our imaginations aren't too wild. Along with Beauty and a Heartbeat, this fic may be continued. I have a general storyline for what will happen in Scintilla's continuation. But that wouldn't be posted until I complete The Long Game, the sequel to Endgame. Oh, and feel free to go and read Beauty and a Heartbeat! That one goes a little more angsty and it involves one of my favorite genres of music of all time. Until next time. ~ AA