eyed boy cut in, dropping his hand from his hair. Despite himself, visions of the many times Alice and Edward had gotten their way, even when it wasn't in line with what she wanted, lazily formed onto his mind eye. They were in a coffee shop, one of the many Alice had adopted when she'd realized how most people inside them didn't eat. They had to sip the coffee like the many other people in this shop, but drinking had always been something they'd been able to do. Although, if it wasn't blood, then they didn't gain any nutrients from it. "You know that she's your true other self, not me." Alice squared her shoulders and took a hold of the sides of her face, a hard look in the eyes which usually glimmered playfully. "We've always known this wouldn't be permanent—you can't tell me that I didn't warn you from the very start I'd be nothing but a patch up for what you've been through." He caught her hands in his own, and rubbed his cheek against her knuckles. "you've never—never! Been nothing more than a patch up to me. Alice, I'm still in love with you. I don't think I'll ever be in love with a spoiled child like her. You know your gift more than anyone. You know how unreliable it can be. Is this honestly truth?" "You didn't feel hunger the first time you saw her," the skinny woman predicted. Her eyes softened at seeing the stricken look on his face. He'd never told her that. She leaned backward into the chair, gently pulling away. "Or the time after that, or after that. You didn't feel hunger at any time. And Jasper—" here her powdered face sculpted into a grin, "I don't think you have anything to say, regarding being spoilt. We've all got strong personalities in the family. I do, you do, and you've never cared before. This is just an excuse." She dropped her hands, toying with the plush from her seat. "I don't care for her. Fuck destiny." He straightened himself up by the elbows, leaning threateningly forwards. "This will not work out the way you want it to, I assure you that. Even if Isabella does leave Edward after she'd been turned because she realizes it's not him it wants. Or even if she leaves him at the altar. It won't go the way you want it to go, I won't allow it." That promise had pushed him into changing the voting session into what he'd wanted. Giving Emmett a sucker punch of humiliation, even though the man had never let untrue words get to him. Giving Rosalie an injection of protectiveness, just enough to tip the numbers the way he'd wanted them to be. Edward had needed no convincing—in fact, he was thankful for the way he made toys out of their family, thankful that he and not Bella would get their way, because they'd always been in a competition over it. Esme had needed no convincing than Bella's breakdown, completely ignoring the fact that it's result was that Bella would die, that she'd struck out in such a way out of survival instincts, which humans had always had more off than they. She'd always hated conflict among the family. "How is that the truth? Wasn't that the reason you all had to leave?" asked Bella, snapping him out of his introspection. Ah, an opportunity to shatter her impression of them all even more. Perfect. "Of course it wasn't. I don't feel any hunger for your blood, that was never the point. When Edward's first reaction to seeing your blood was becoming territories and when he shot after us like that, it was clear that he couldn't be around you without putting you in danger. He didn't protect you—for fuck's sake, he decided he'd rather want your blood away from us so we couldn't get it and that's why he threw you into that glass screen." In the middle of his rant, her mouth had popped open so she was gaping at him, making her look even more like a child than before. "Don't get flies in there," he sneered, and immediately afterwards her pole-axed look turned into an ineffectual glare. "That doesn't matter," muttered Bella sullenly. "If he feels for me what I feel for him, it's okay." He let out an automatic tsk. "What?" she snapped. "He can't be around you, it's too dangerous...but it's okay because your hearts are connected, are you fucking with me?" "It's not completely like that," Bella assured. "But more importantly, before we get side tracked even further," her voice became clipped, "What are you doing here?" Jasper grew tense—she could now see he hadn't been before, which surprised her—his face becoming inscrutable. "Despite what the family wants, what Alice wants is different." There was a hard tick to his mouth, ruthless mirth clear there. "What she wants from me, too, is different. So I'll get it over with and show her she's wrong." "You wanted to become a vampire?" He stepped into her personal space, his voice a mocking croon, "Then let me change you. Right here, right now." A jolt of solid electricity shot through her stomach, and she stepped back. Though he followed her even as she did, so not even an inch of space had been gained. "Wh..what?" she said, her voice coming out shakily even to herself. He was the reason she was here. His handiwork. "I very much doubt you have any regrets." She sneered at him. "That wasn't a question." Jasper bent down and bit her. Was actually written in response to a spitefic. Not because I don't adore reading spitefics myself, but because writing this was fun :) Will probably be short, a two or three shot at most. Sadly, it's probably not complete except if you read that spitefic, but I've since lost it's name and so don't know where you can read it :(