breeches; nothing fancy or ostentatious. His boots were well-worn, but sturdy, and made of inexpensive brown calf leather. His hair was long, and blond; tied back by a simple black ribbon. It curled slightly at the tips, as it innocently brushed his shoulders. She smiled at the Englishman's lack of long, powdered wig, which had become such high fashion, when Charles II was returned to the throne. He regarded Her regal gown, the finest brocade, in the deepest shade of eggplant. The bodice was very fitted, and revealed a trim, well corseted waist. Her sleeves were long, and gathered in a series of ribboned ties, all the way to Her finely laced shoulders. The stomacher dipped to the tops of Her thighs, where the deep purple of the fabric gave way to a smooth, shiny, silver satin. The contrast in materials was startling, and yet so very beautiful. A finely wound tasseled rope hung from her waist, accenting the satin material of her dress. The length of it, even when fully tied, nearly reached the satin of her low heeled slippers. He was taken aback by Her silken mahogany tresses, held back in nothing more than a snood, with pearl fasteners. Something inside of him stirred, and unbeknownst to him, he stepped closer to her. Only inches separated them, and he began to focus more on the finer details of Her decolletage. Her skin was unblemished, creamy, and perfect. It would not shimmer, in the complete absence of light, but as a man of the cloth, he knew well that he was having a religious experience. Her bosom was ample, and perfectly formed; well accented by the low, square cut of her bodice. Nestled at the hollow of her throat lie a large platinum filigree fleur de lis, the crest of the Chevalier Coven. His eyes flitted back towards her face, and saw an identical mark burned across her forehead. The mark, Her only blemish, was a dead giveaway; he knew precisely who she was, and Carlisle was stunned. Never had he seen a creature of such innocent beauty; a child Vampire, to be sure. She opened her mouth, as if to speak, and he saw perfectly spaced, pearly white teeth. "You must listen, well sir. What I must tell you; what I have hidden from Lord Aro, will save us all. Or destroy us, if you do not take heed." His golden gaze shifted nervously, as if checking to see if they would be overheard. He extended his elbow, and she tucked her tiny hand within, "Walk with me, Great Lady." Her icy blue pools radiated a calm warmth, instantly putting his fears at ease. He tilted his head towards Her, smiling appreciatively at Her beauty. He'd never, in all his years, seen such a beautiful creature. They fit together like corresponding pieces of some fantastic puzzle. "You have never made my acquaintance, young Pastor. Do you know me?" "Only by your eyes, Lady." She laughed lightly, and it put her companion further at ease. "I see my reputation proceeds me..." She said with a wicked sort of smile. "You are English." It was not a question; Aro had spoken of this being many times prior. He admired him for his lifestyle choices; unorthodox though they may be. "You are betrothed to Lord Aro of the Voturi." He answered in lieu of a formal introduction. The merge of their two covens would extend Volturi control significantly. This child-ruler's coven presided over all immortals of underground France, and many of the surrounding provinces. Lord Aro considered himself a connoisseur of gifted beings, and Her coven was the most outstanding of them all. "I wish not to share my kingdom, Young Pastor. Such dalliances are not set in stone; though Lord Aro may wish it so." Her ice blue eyes regarded him kindly; his lips twitched upwards in return. "You learn in my University, young Pastor. Do not fear me; I welcome your presence. We shall be close consorts, you and I." He stopped strolling and stared into Her unnatural eyes; even for a 'Creature of the Night', they were wrong. This Child-Queen feasts on humans, and the telltale red irises are present only when she is alone. Her eyes turn the shade of the cleanest glaciers when others of their kind are near. "What is it that you wish to tell me, Great Lady?" Her beaded slipper traced intricate patterns in the dusty ground as she mulled over how much to inform him. While she could shield her thoughts from Lord Aro della Volturi, Pastor Carlilse had not such gifts. "It is easier for me to show you, Master Carlilse. Have yet you sired?" "I have not, Lady." "I will show you of whom you seek. He will bring great change into this world. You shall wait for him. Between your sire, and my heiress-they will save us all." She drew herself to her full, childlike height, and he bent down, to allow her to touch his cheek. "Prepare yourself for my touch; it will likely disturb your countenance." She allowed her visions to flow through her fingertips, and felt the moment that he began to see. A/N: This chapter is much shorter than my usual, but I wanted to give you just a little taste of what's to come. I plan on unraveling a lot of vampire history, while weaving in historical fiction, cultural anthropology, and a healthy dose of Edward. There will be a lot of action. God willing, we'll be on the run within the next few chapters. This is definitely NOT canon. Character pairings will be, all characters in the books will play a part in my story. Totally AU, but if you stick with me, I promise you an EPIC tale of love, power, intrigue, history, royalty, and maybe a little LUST if you review. I want your theories. I'm greedy. Give them to me. NOW! A word of advice. Good reviews make good lemonade.