for Forks' eternal rainy season. Summers in my youth spent hiking and backpacking around Washington with Charlie had also made me a light packer. I wrestled them free from my car, and when Charlie held a hand out, I handed him the lighter one. "Do you remember Bonnie Black down at La Push?" Charlie asked as we turned and started walking toward his house. La Push is the small Indian reservation near the coast. "Vaguely – she used to come hiking with us years ago right?" "Yeah, her and her husband spent a couple summers running around with us a few years ago. She was pretty interested when I told her you were staying here till you finished school. She's… in a wheelchair now." I didn't know how to respond to that one, and I wasn't sure I felt like asking why, so I just let Charlie keep talking. "She got a new truck she can drive, and she offered me her old one for you while you were here. Seemed kind of put out when I told her you were bringing your own car. Think she didn't mind as much when I told her you liked working on it back in Phoenix and wouldn't have it any other way no matter what me or your mom said." I hadn't been expecting that. But I couldn't honestly picture myself driving a truck anyway. "What kind of truck was it?" I asked just to keep the conversation going. "It was pretty old anyway, I think it was made in the early fifties or sixties." The only good thing about cars from that era was that they were usually made out of a solid hunk of metal. "Yeah, sorry dad but I think I'd take my car over anything that requires a hitch post. It'd probably have the same gas mileage as a tank too." I said, reaching Charlie's front door. "True enough," Charlie said cracking a grin. He fished in his pocket for a moment with his free hand, then handed me a bronze colored key. "That one's yours by the way, do the honors." "Thanks," I said, putting it in the lock. Charlie gave me the same second story room I'd seen every year throughout my childhood. The window faced west, it had an unvarnished wood floor, light blue walls, and a peaked ceiling. It definitely felt familiar. The only changes that had ever been made to this room were swapping the crib out for a bed, and adding a desk as I'd grown. One year I'd also torn down the blue and white checker curtains around the window claiming I hated curtains. Still did. The white rocking chair from my baby days was still in the corner though. There was a bathroom across the hall from my room, in addition to the main one downstairs. This was something I had been looking forward to immensely. Charlie's bedroom was on the main floor of the house, which meant I'd more or less have this bathroom all to myself. Back home I'd had to share the single tiny bathroom in her little house with her and Phil, which was a nightmare in the mornings. She also had ten times the stuff to put in it I did, and had resisted every attempt I'd ever made to organize it. One of the best things about Charlie is that he never hovers. After we'd dropped my duffel bags on the bed in my room, he left me alone to unpack and get settled. It was nice to be able to actually be alone and have the entire floor of the house to myself. Charlie rarely came up here from what I remembered and without mom and Phil on the other side of the wall, the house felt really quiet. After three days of driving around to get here, it was honestly a relief to just sit on my bed and stare out the window, letting my thoughts drift to tomorrow. Forks High School had just three hundred and fifty-eight – counting me – students. My old school in Phoenix had over seven hundred people in its junior class alone. All the kids here had grown up together. Small towns were very tight knit, and I was going to be that new guy whether I wanted to be or not. Maybe if I had been one of the cool kids, I could make that work for me, but I honestly didn't care for it. Popularity, knowing everyone around me – it simply wasn't something I had ever focused on in my life. As a consequence, I'd only had a few, although very close friends back in Phoenix. I was certainly no class president, I hated sports, and I was a bit too quiet to be part of the popular crowd. I never had time for a lot of hobbies either, what with balancing my mom's checkbook, shopping for groceries, working my butt off out of school, and keeping my car from rusting out. I guess I didn't relate well to people my age because of all that. Being a kid with the responsibilities of an adult did weird things to you. But I'd done pretty well all things considered, and it was my assumption that these last two years would be a great time to finally get away from all of it and focus on me and my future. I slept pretty well that night, especially after I'd caved and dug out my laptop to fire off a very short email to my mom telling her I'd gotten to Charlie's safely. I'd considered calling her, but my phone was on its charger and it was late enough I couldn't be sure if she'd still be awake. I'd always liked white noise while trying to get to sleep, so the constant whooshing sound of the rain was rather tranquilizing, and around midnight I drifted off. A/N: Thank you for your kind words guys, it's appreciated.