a new era. Meaning the pendent of the past would not suffice with his child. Taken it upon himself to create her crest and once learning of the sex he knew the perfect symbol for his child. That of a lotus—for it meant rebirth. However, once Alexandra had shown no signs of anything her brother had order Marcus to destroy the pendent. Marcus and her had kept it, deciding to give it to her on her nineteenth names day like Aro had planned too years ago. "Now—now my sweet child," she whispered in her hair, "I had the cook prepare one of the finest cakes then all the past ones." Alexandra pull back a little; the bottom of her lip tucked between her teeth—a secret permeating within those deep pools. "What is the matter?" "I—don't have the taste for cake…" The look of recognition came over her as she moved away from her niece. The taste for blood had awaken when she was fourteen—it was subtle for that urge for blood and periods of time when she didn't need it. However, today the familiar fire that burned was in need to be placated. She took the cup from her aunt silently thanking her as she sipped cooling the fire within for a time being. "Sufficient?" "Yes." "So what shall we do?" she said tucking herself next to her niece on the settee. "Covens?" Alexandra said in a sing-song voice. "Haven't I told all the covens thus far?" she said playfully. "You've told me about the Egyptian, the Denali, the Olympic, and the Romania covens…" "Let us see—I haven't told you about the Irish coven..." The subtle click of the door told her of her the arrival of her mate. Didyme clausal looked at the clock the time—it was one in the morning. Alexandra had gone to her quarters around ten when it became obvious that Marcus wouldn't join them. Her annoyance was coursing through her being at the sheer petty-mindedness of Aro. She kept her attention solely on the novel in her hands. "Didyme," she could hear the tiredness that linger in her mate's tone. Sympathy temper her annoyance; however, it did not erase it. After all it did not change how she felt on her stance with this whole situation. "My love?" "I'm asking for you to make amends with your brother…" The novel was shut tightly as fierce ruby iris were pointed in his direction. "Before, you make you complaint—I'm asking you to do so to keep the peace my love…do this for Alexandra." Aro whole demeanor throughout the day had Marcus on full alert—he did not know what had transpired between him and his wife. Aro had not said anything—never once did he confront him. He felt there was something off. The feeling that always took over him whenever Aro was scheming; however, it felt more sinister than usual. Whatever words that was said between—he needed his wife to set to rights. She was the only one that could be reason with logic unlike her obsessive brother. The look upon her mate had unnerved her—never once did Marcus held this sense of apprehension it unnerved her. He could not remember life he once had as a human—the only single recollection he had was bitterness and hatred. Emotions that had transferred into his immortality. Immortality had offer him everything that his human life had lack; however, he could not find the joy of power and riches that he had acquired for being one of the leaders of the Volturi. Royalty amongst immortals…and yet even within this group he was just as insignificant as the lowest immortal. To lack a gift amongst a sea of gifted immortals brought a piercing needle to his already fragile esteem. That once more he was a foot away from absolute power. Although he did not have a gift where he lack in this his abilities made up for. Aro and Marcus had made it their business to always remind him of where he lacks in power they held—even those in the like of Didyme who held insignificant gifts were still above him. It brought a never ending sense of bitterness and hatred. How he was vindicated and fount unadulterated bliss when the abomination that Aro created held no power or even the simplest abilities. He was burning with contempt at the thought that there was going to be a being with way more power then he—it was a complete humiliation that this being would be of mix heritage who would have a gift over one like him of pure stock. He relished in the humiliation that Aro face and he took it upon himself to make sure Aro knew it. "Another nineteenth year—still not one single hint of a gift or ability," he had heard the conversation between Aro and his sister about the little human girl. To see his always collective and calm brother finally show some sense of emotion—this day could not be any sweeter. "All it would take but one ability—some sort of sign that said all is not lost, that I did not waste my time…" he spoke not really speaking to anyone. "As each day pass with her locked away in the northern part of the castle—the more people speak…" "I am not ignorant of what they say about that little bitch! I will rectify my honor." A smirked pull into the features of the blond immortal, "Rectify your honor brother? Surely you cannot be speaking what I think you're saying?" "Her existence will no longer plague my name." "Well…I have always wonder how your blood has tasted I wouldn't mind of having the honor of disposing the human." "Thank you brother, but I shall be the one to do such, after all I begun this science project it is only right that I finished it to the end." "When shall it happen?" "Very soon…" So what do you think? Like it or not? Please leave a review.