and yell, "Go!" Before swinging the door closed, blocking her from me and the four zombies behind me. Training kicks in as they hurdle towards me, and I land a roundhouse kick to it's chest. The next one tries to take a bite of my head, and I manage to uppercut his throat with my fist. I hit and hit and hit, but no mater how many times I strike, they keep coming back. I manage to duck and weave, sending to of them crashing into the bar before I duck outside and race for the car. I throw myself into the drivers seat just as they start to stagger out the door. The keys in the ignition and we're flying down the road before they get anywhere near us, though. "Fuck." I hiss, glancing in the mirror. "That was fucking close. Are you okay?" Bella's curled in a ball, quietly crying to herself as she stares out the window. Her whole body shake with the tremors of her sobs. "Hey, it's okay." I reach a hand to the back of her neck, rubbing circles on her soft skin. "It's okay now, we're safe." She shrugs me off. "Don't touch me." I blanch. "What?" "Stop the car." She insists. "Not a chance." I scoff at her. "Are you fucking insane? Of I stop now, they'll catch up to us." "Then stop at the next gas station." "Bella, what the fuck are you talking about?" "Just do it!" She yells at me. . . . . A half hour later, we pull up at a rickity old gas station. She jumps from the car like she's been electrocuted, and walks away from the car. I sigh, before following behind her. "Mind telling me what the fuck you're freaking out about?" I yell to her back. She doesn't respond. "Hey! Talk to me, Bella! It's not like we haven't encountered those fucking monsters before!" I yank her to face me. "Look, I know its tough but-" I stop talking abruptly, and yank myself away from her. "Oh shit." I breathe. "There was one waiting out back." she sobs. "By the time I dropped down it was already too late, and I tried, Edward. I swear I tried, but it was so fucking heavy and big and...and it just...i-it fucking... God !" She screams, turning away from me. My eyes are still focused on the bite mark on her forearm. "I don't want to die." She cries, dropping to her knees. "It's not my time yet!" I don't answer. "I don't know what to do." She tells me brokenly. The sad thing is, I do. I mechanically walk back to the car, pulling out her backpack. I grab the duffle, and take out the few cans of food we have left before I toss them inside. I don't look at her as I walk back. I don't look at her as I pull her from the ground. I don't look at her as I place the backpack on her shoulders. I walk her back towards the gas station, and check the small store over before pulling her inside. "Take this," I mutter, handing her my glock. "Just in case." She says nothing. I say nothing. Because I have no clue what to fucking say. Instead, I walk away from her. I get back in my car, alone, and I drive away from my only happiness. Leaving her alone. It's only when she disappears from my rearview mirror, do I start to freak the fuck out. "FUCK!" I scream, hitting the steering wheel repeatedly. I thrash, I writhe and I fucking cry. My hands end up covered in my own blood, as well as the dashboard before I turn the car the fuck around and speed back to her. When I reach the station, I find her crumpled against the wall, hugging her backpack and my gun to her chest. I throw myself from the car, and kneel in front of her. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry," I whisper, pressing kisses all over her face. "You should go." She tells me, and I freeze when I hear the change in her voice. The double barrel. "I'm not going anywhere." I fall beside her, and pull her to my chest. "You still have a chance." She snuggles against me, betraying her own word. I say nothing, simply pulling her closer. She shakes against me, and I know we don't have long. "Thank you," I tell her. "For what?" "For trusting me." She chuckles weakly. "Thank you. For taking me away from that house." She doesn't say another word as her back arches, the snap of her spine audible. Her mouth opens in a silent scream and her nails dig into my hands. And all I can do is watch with tears in my eyes. When her body finally slackens against me, and her breathing stops, I remove the glock from her limp hand. I hear the growlers from before, racing down the road towards us, and I shake my head. No way will I let her turn into one of them. With a kiss to her forehead, I place the gun against her temple and pull the trigger. "Sorry boys," I call to the horde coming towards us. "No live meal for you tonight. Just dead carcasses." Then before the pain of loss can rush through my system, I shove the glock into my mouth and fire. Fuck it. I'm done. And I won't live in this world alone anymore. I'd rather follow her. Because in truth, it feels like my world began and ended with Bella Swan. Show the author some support by leaving a review. Remember, this is an anonymous contest. Hinting or guessing the author's identity will lead to immediate disqualification, so please remember this before leaving a review. Public voting begins February 17th and ends March 1st. Results will be announced on March 15th. Follow us on FB, Twitter, or our blog.