she like this? How was she supposed to turn up in La Push like this? She'd give her father a heart attack, and he was the Chief of the Tribe. He was responsible for the entire tribe, along with some Elders under his leadership, so he was used to stressful things. He also knew the Quilette language and their legends by heart so he would have heard most of the wierdest things that existed. He'd never be able to handle this despite all that. It was then she remembered something as she went through that chain of thought. The Quilette legends. Wasn't there one saying their tribe descended from wolves? No... Wolf Spirits! Yes, that was it. It was about a group of warriors, their ancestors, that shared the bodies of wolves to overcome their enemy. It was one explanation for what she was now, although farfetched, and right now she needed some kind of logic. Some kind of reason. So, if she was a Spirit Warrior now, then what had caused her to become one? Perhaps the enemy? What was the enemy again? Rachel then remembered the Cold Ones, although she couldn't remember if they were given many details about what a Cold One was. Clearly a Cold One was a threat for normal humans to change into massive wolves. Maybe they were faster then the average human? Maybe greater strength and stamina. Definitely better senses since she knew hers were better then a human's. It almost sounded like a Cold One was something supernatural yet the only thing supernatural she had heard of that could be 'cold' in temperature as it were was vampires. Could vampires be real? 'Damn it. I need to get to La Push and find those books in the Tribal Hall. I have to find out more!' Rachel grumbled, and so she slowly pushed off with her front paws. Slowly her front end lifted, so Rachel did the same with her back paws, only she shuffled them forward a little as she did so. She couldn't help but feel pleased, proud, and relieved she had managed to stand up. Now she just had to figure out how to get out of her dorm room with as little disruption as possible to the rest of the world. She knew this was something she couldn't let anyone see or know about. Fortunately she was on the ground floor on the outskirts of campus near a small, thick area of trees. If she could get amongst the trees then she would be hidden enough to come up with another plan. Unfortunately though, short of just throwing herself through a wall she didn't know how she would get out considering the size she was. Rachel couldn't help but sigh again although she realised it came out as an exhale as a wolf. Her belongings were already ruined, there were slashes in the wall now that she was looking, so she supposed a huge hole in the wall wasn't going to change much. It would still look like a ferocious attack by feral animals. She could only be relieved she had never told her father, brother, or twin sister what dorm building or dorm room she was in. At least it would save them a bit of worry. Cringing a little, she looked at the wall with a fair amount of fear. She only guessed she was stronger then a human since she was a mutant size. If she was wrong this was going to hurt - a lot. She knew she didn't have much of a choice though. Facing the wall, Rachel slowly experimented with walking, doing one paw at a time but that didn't seem to work well. She then remembered how she had seen dogs walk, usually with two paws at a time per stride, so she attempted to copy them. Once she had that down, having walked back and forth in two strides due to the limited amount of space, she then proceeded to attempt to jump a little without falling down. She would need speed to crash through that wall. It took a little longer to get used to the jumping, but she did soon enough, and with a grimace leapt forward. She almost tripped with one stride of an attempt at running, but even tripping she had enough speed for her body to throw itself through the wall with an almighty crack, snap, and crash. The sound was so loud that Rachel knew she had no time to dawdle. She pushed herself back up onto all fours before running once more. She still tripped and stumbled, but forced herself to stay upright as she dashed across the grass then into the trees. She managed to get inside the darkness of the small 'forest' as by the time her tail finally joined her body in her hidden spot she saw a crowd now swarming around her dorm room. Rachel couldn't help but groan mentally. She was so screwed. Even if she managed to get human again she had no idea how the hell she was supposed to fix all that damage and pay for it. She could only just about pay for her normal living expenses. She was so, so screwed. ' La Push had better have answers' , Rachel thought as she trudged through the forest. Now she just had to find her way home, much to her displeasure. Author's Note: Okay, so I deleted the previous version because it just didn't flow, nor did it make sense in quite a few places. I knew it could be a lot better, and the imperfections drove me a little crazy. This is the revamped version, and I do hope it'll be a lot better then the first version. This is also the reason I deleted Dawn To Dusk - I do hope to revamp that as well and some point, but for now I'm just revamping this one. Let me know what you think!