them and not have to constantly take them in and out of everything. I move inside and set Dakota down on the couch in her carrier while I explore the kitchen. As I am walking into the kitchen, I notice a door that is slightly ajar in between the living room and dining room and I notice that it is the half bathroom. The kitchen is done up in Burgundy and black. The walls are Burgundy and all the appliances are black. The kitchen is modernized with its stainless steel appliances and black granite counter tops. The cabinets are a dark oakwood that matches the flooring. It is a dream kitchen and I can not wait to cook in it. But not tonight. I am to tired to cook tonight, but after a cursory glance around the fridge/freezer, pantry and cabinets, I see what Cynthia meant when she said that it was well stocked with everything that I would need for a while. The only things that I would have to get at the store is the essentials of bread and milk as she even stock piled my cheese in the freezer. I love my cheese! Ordering a pizza for dinner for Luke and I, I went about changing Dale and checking to see if Dakota needed changing again. I grab two bottles out of the diaper bag and warm them up in the microwave before handing one over to Luke and grabbing a random baby, who turns out to be Dakota to feed, while he gets Dale and feeds and burps him. We set them back in the carriers when the food gets here and sit at the table. Luke grabs us plates and a root beer soda for me and a beer for him. "So are you nervous about tomorrow? You will be at school all by yourself and what if they recognize you?" Luke asks as he sits down to eat. I finish chewing the bite in my mouth and think about what he says. "I have thought about that a lot since deciding to come to a small town to finish school, because I know it wont take long for the entire town to know who I am as long as ONE person recognizes me. But I can't do anything about that. Even if you stayed here with me, you can't go inside the classrooms with me, so it would end up being a moot point. And my so called father wont do anything to help me out as my father or as the Chief of Police. I will have to just deal with it. Besides, they might not even recognize me right away." *Time Skip Next Day* "OH MY GOD! IT'S IZZY SWAN!" We heard as we pulled up into the student parking lot and Luke opened my door for me to get out. I just groaned and heard Luke's quiet chuckle in front of me. I looked up at him and he was smirking down at me and I saw the laughter in his dark blue eyes. His chin length honey blonde hair falling in his eyes and face from his suppressed laughter. "Haha." I snap. "Laugh it up funny man." He threw his head back and roared in laughter. "' They might not even recognize me right away!' " He mocked. "That's not funny, Luke!" I whine. He laughed even harder, bending over and hitting his knees because of it. I huff and growl at him. "You suck, you know that?" He just continues to chuckle at me and we look around at the crowd we have gained in the parking lot. I quickly hug him goodbye and as I have already kissed the twins before getting out of the Jeep, I go ahead and walk to the Main Office, ignoring the other students for the most part. Once in the office, I see a heavy set woman with red hair and red glasses sitting at the desk. The name plate on the desk states that her name is 'Mrs. Janice Cope'. I clear my throat to gain her attention. She looks up startled, "Hello, young lady. How may I help you?" She asks sweetly. "Yes, ma'am" My country accent comin' out as it tends to do when I am nervous. "I'm Isabella Swan, an' I'm new here. I think ma Guardian, Cynthia Battalli, called an' registered me." I see a look of recognition on her face and she quickly shuffles papers around before pulling a few out of the pile and walking towards me. "Oh yes, I remember. Here is your schedule, locker information, map of the school and I need for you to get this slip signed by all of your teachers and bring it back at the end of the day. She also stated that you might need to talk to Principal Greene this morning about security. Am I right dear?" I think about the crowd outside in the parking lot and the crowd outside the doors right now that is trying to be nosey while I am looking over my schedule. "Yes ma'am. It might be a good idea to talk to him so there are no issues due to who I am." I say as I look to the door and she follows my line of sight and sees what I mean. But as she was about to respond, we hear a door open to my left and a short, balding man steps out of the doorway. I assume this is the Principal. "Ah, Principal Greene, this is the new student, Isabella Swan. She needs to talk to you about security while attending classes here." Mrs. Cope explains to him. He nods and gestures for me to enter his office and yells at the students outside the door to get to class or they will have two days of after school detention. I guess he knows about me already, as he doesn't look confused. Gotta love small towns!