back watching Irina sprint for the door. On the outside Irina had to catch her breath, what had she just SEEN was it real, what was with that girl ? Finally after a few minutes she was able to restart her her and calm her breathing, she went to find her target she didn't have to look long she found sitting the same spot as earlier, "Okay here goes nothing," she plucked an eyebrow to start crying and walked over to the and started to 'look' for something. "Where is it, where is it, FUCk I'm so dead." kept looking until she felt a tap on her shoulder she turned and there she was standing over her, "Um do you need help with something ?" "Um thank you but I don't mean to be a bother it's just my necklace, my mother gave it to before she died and now I-I-I can't seem to find it was very important to me. I just, I don't know what I'd do if I couldn't find it." "Well maybe i could help you find it," hook, line, and sinker, "Oh thank you, thank you ! This means so much to me." "No problem, now where'd you lose it ?" "I've looked everywhere except one place I haven't been out back yet, could you help me look ?" the girl nodded and Irina smiled a dazzling smile as she and the girl walked towards the malls back entrance "Oh my name's Kate by the way," Irina nearly stopped in her tracks, "Kate ?" "Yeah it's short for Katrina, what's yours ?" Irina swallowed and answered, "Irina, mine's Irina." "My that's a pretty name and unique too." She was just like Kate, why did she have to be just like Kate ?, "Well you look over there and I'll look over here okay," She couldn't call her Kate, that would send her over the edge, "Sure thing." Irina signaled Laurent over quickly and looked away as he snuck up on Kate, "Hey Irina, I don't see... mmmhpmhm !" the sounds of a struggle floated towards Irina's ears as Laurent bound and gagged James new toy, "Irina go get the car." he through the keys at her and began to beat Kate to keep her still. As Irian brought the van around the side of the mall she gasped as she saw Kate's beautiful face marred by blood and bruises, her pretty blonde her covered in dirt, an d looked at Irina with betrayed eyes; she turned away and exited the van as Laurent put Kate in the back. "Irina grab her bag there might be some good stuff in there," she was quiet as she went to go get the bag; when she picked it up a picture fell out titled 'To My Biggest Best Sister' in red crayon it had three girls all blonde, a brunette little boy, a brunette mother, and blonde father. It had the words 'Has fund ats cump !' on the bottom she was going to camp and was most likely waiting here for someone so Laurent was wrong. She got in the front seat of the and watched as they sped away from the mall the last thing she saw was that strange girl with the sad look on her face... What had she done !? Thursday, September 12th, 2013 11:57:00 James had paused and turned toward Irina with a look of disbelief on his face he stabbed the rusty shovel into the ground with one quick thrust making Irina jumped and quickly walked over to stand in front the frightened girl, "I'm sorry, what was that ? I think I may have gone slightly insane because I thought I heard you say that we should let them go ." his eyes were a dark color flashing with anger and amusement behind them a dark psychotic nature a side she had only seen a few times but this time Irina knew she was on the wrong side of his malicious glare. Leaning away she was desperate to flee, "I mean what if she's right, what if we're really going to regret this ? She's never wrong and we've all seen that so if we let them goo-" Irina never got to statement James had punched her hard in the head. Irina fell to the floor, her head pounding, she could feel her brain rattling in her head and her eye was beginning to swell something was rattling in her mouth and was beginning to flood with the taste if copper. she spat it out onto the dirt floor and in the glare of car lights she could see the small white bead in the middle of a red background My Tooth ! suddenly she jerked up to her feet and she was face to face with James. "You know I've gotten REALLY tired of you girl but that doesn't mean we still can't have our fun." He shoved her away into someone's arms, "Put her in the car Laurent we'll deal with the others later, first we're gonna 'play' with Irina here." She struggled, twisted, and turned doing anything, anything she could to get away, " No, no, no, no, no, no, Laurent please, please don't do this I thought you loved me," begging, pleading she tried to get away hoping the man she loved would do the right thing but instead her heart broke and her body ran cold as he started laughing, "Love ? You're stupider than I thought. This truly is going to be fun." As they began down the path towards the cars when the headlights went out and that familiar dark chuckle Irina had heard only once and then the screams started. WOOHOO Prologue is done! Okay this was WAY to long for a prologue (sigh) anyway there are some polls on my profile vote if you want it makes it way easier for me to write hoped you liked it remember to R+R