for you in the cafeteria wasn't such a bad thing. The bus ride to my house doesn't take long enough. I'm not ready to see them. I can live with being ignored and ridiculed by my peers, but I can't take what happens at home. I get off the bus and walk to the front door. It's locked. Great, just what I needed. This only happens when Phil, my foster dad, thinks I did something wrong with his breakfast this morning. He thinks this is an appropriate punishment for accidentally making his coffee a little too hot or cold or some stupid shit like that. I walk around to the back of the house only to find the door back there is locked too. Having no other option than to just wait outside until he or Renee, my foster mom, get home, I go sit down on the grass against the house. I sighed. I guess it can't get much worse than this. But, the universe seemed to hate me too because as soon as that thought crossed my mind, it began to pour down rain. I guess I shouldn't be surprised though, this is Forks after all, the rainiest place in Washington. I sit outside for three hours while I wait for someone to get home. When Renee finally gets home, I'm relieved. Maybe I can make it to my room without adding more bruises to my collection. I wait about five minutes after I hear Renee walk in the house before I head in. She doesn't give any inclination that she hears me as I walk in. I try to hurry to my room before she notices me, but I don't make it. "Where do you think you're going?" She inquired. I stop and stare at her. She knows I won't talk back to her, so she just smirks. "You know the drill," she continued, "chores before you go to your room, useless bitch." I look down and try to rush to the laundry room hoping to avoid any more of Renee. She expects me to do everything around the house - laundry, dishes, cleaning, and cooking because I have to live with them. She sees foster kids as free labor. If I don't work, I don't eat, according to Renee, not that they feed me anyway. Renee works at the only local day care in the middle of Forks. She changes jobs almost every year because she doesn't like to be bored with her life. I do the laundry and I wait until Renee leaves the kitchen to start cooking supper. I look in the freezer only to find fish and some rotten looking hamburger meat. Fish again tonight. I sighed. I start cooking when I hear Phil's police cruiser pull up in the drive way. Shit. He's off work early. He's going to kill me if his food and beer isn't ready when he walks in. Shit. Shit. Shit. He walks in and immediately seeks out his food. When he sees me still cooking it, he gets pissed. "Bella! Where the fuck is my food at? I've had a long day at work and all I ask for you to do is to cook me my damn food! Did you not learn your lesson this morning when you made me burn my tongue on my coffee?" He fumed. I turned around so he knows I heard him. I point to the almost ready fish, but that does nothing to appease him. "Do you even know how to speak you worthless piece of shit?" He raises his hand up and smacks me across my face. I just stand there and take it. I don't flinch or cry or even make a sound. I've learned the hard way that that only spurs him on more. "Stop being such a waste of space and get me my damn food." I nod and turn back to the stove. I quickly put his and Renee's food on the table and scurry off to my room before I can get punished again. I know better than to make or get food for myself. I only get to eat dinner on Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays and Sundays because that's when Phil works the late shift at the police station. Renee lets me eat then, and only then, as to avoid suspicion that might arise at school. I wait until I hear Phil and Renee head to bed before I step out of my room to take a shower. I'm grateful that Renee decided to take pity on me and not lock me in my room tonight. I quietly go to the bathroom and start the shower. I step in and immediately cringe at the freezing temperature. Great, no hot water again. I scrub myself swiftly and soon I'm out and drying off. I see my face in the mirror. I gasp in shock as I see what my reflection has become. I'm eerily pale and so skinny that I look anorexic. My hair used to be thick and beautiful chestnut brown, but now, with the lack of constant nourishment to my body, it's too long and raggedy. But what surprises me the most, is the hand shaped mark on my right cheek. Shit, how am I supposed to cover that up for school tomorrow? Phil is normally very careful about where he leaves his marks on my body. He's always avoided my face during school time. Now I've got to find something to cover it up. Maybe I can steal some of Renee's cover up and pray that nobody feels like screwing with me tomorrow. I sigh and head back to my room. I lay down and try to go to sleep. I dream about Edward Cullen. I let myself dare to imagine him becoming my friend. I know it's foolish to hope for something so ridiculous, but it's the only decent thing going for me right now. Gah, I'm so pathetic. A/N: Thoughts?