someone else have this awful conversation. What had happened to the man she'd married? Had satisfying his escalating sexual cravings overridden his sense of decency and propriety? "What happened to keeping things anonymous? I don't like the idea of meeting face to face." Edward gave her a somewhat patronizing smile. "With this kind of thing, this is how it's done. He has just as much to lose as we do. He won't know who we are; we won't use our real names. I'm sure his name isn't really James." He flashed the crooked smile that she'd once found so appealing. "Come on, Bella. Let's just see what happens." She gave him a watery smile, which he took as her assent. Edward had gotten them a hotel room. He explained that he didn't think the conversation they'd be having was really suitable for a diner or coffee shop, and this way they could stay overnight and talk about what had transpired during the meeting. He grinned as he showed Bella the camera he'd packed in his duffel bag. They had no idea what 'James' looked like; they'd agreed not to exchange photos. Of course, James already had a good idea what Bella looked like, and he and Edward had shared physical descriptions, with Edward stipulating that if James didn't live up to the description he'd given, everything was off. He'd claimed to be tall, in good shape and in his late thirties. Bella stared idly into the mirror over the dresser, looking for visible signs of her disgrace. She didn't look different, but she knew she wasn't the same person she'd been a few months ago. "You're beautiful," Edward murmured, moving her hair away from her neck to kiss it. "Don't be nervous. We don't have to do anything we're not comfortable with, okay?" Before Bella could answer, there was a sharp knock on the door. Edward went to the door and pulled it open. He stood there, blocking the doorway, until a familiar voice made Bella shiver with dread. "Hello, Edward. May I come in?" "Carlisle? What are you doing here?" Edward's face wore an expression of shock. He stepped back just enough to let the other man pass. "We agreed to meet here at two o'clock, no?" He gave Edward a look of feigned surprise. His eyes narrowed, Edward stalked over to Carlisle. "Is this supposed to be funny? You're James? You'd better explain—fast." Unruffled by Edward's anger, Carlisle smirked. "You sent your lovely wife to me for an exam, during which I noticed that she had a tattoo that seemed very familiar. That night, I realized why." He locked eyes with Edward, enjoying the emotions that played over the other man's face. "You and I have a lot in common. I guess you could say we're opposite sides of the same coin. Whereas you get off on being watched, I suppose you could say I'm a voyeur. I'd been following your Tumblr for months before you sent Bella to me. Imagine my surprise—and delight—at realizing that we were already acquainted." Edward gazed warily at the other man. He wrapped a protective arm around Bella's shoulders. "What do you want, Cullen? Are you trying to blackmail me?" With a wounded look, Carlisle raised his palms. "No, no. Look, I knew it would be a shock when you saw that I was James, and that you might balk. But really, all I want is just what we discussed. We can take it slow, whatever you want." He leaned in, his voice a seductive murmur. "You do find the idea of seeing Bella with another man a bit appealing, don't you?" A slow smile spread over Carlisle's face as he realized Edward was considering it. Seeing Bella's stricken expression he raised an eyebrow and winked. She'd never hated anyone as much as she did Carlisle in that moment. Feeling dizzy, she sat heavily on the bed. Her heart sank as she watched Edward being swayed by Carlisle's provocative words. "I need to talk to Bella in private." Edward fixed Carlisle with an expectant look. "Of course. I'll be in the bar. Give me a ring when you're done." He pressed a business card into Edward's hand and left. As the door clicked shut, the stern expression left Edward's face, and he barked out a laugh, scrubbing his hands over his face. "What are the odds, huh? Fucking Carlisle Cullen turns out to be just as perverted as we are." He laughed in disbelief, then turned to Bella. "What do you think, Bella? We could start out slowly—maybe have him take some pictures of the two of us, and see where it goes. He's already seen the blog. What do we have to lose?" Everything, Bella wanted to scream. She wanted to kill Carlisle. She wanted to tell Edward everything and let him make it all right again. She did none of those things, though, just stared dully at her husband as he sought to persuade her. Of course, Edward wasn't aware that he was just a pawn in Carlisle's sick game; he didn't know what Bella had been through. Edward sat next to Bella on the bed. "It's perfect, really—better than getting involved with some stranger. This could be the shot in the arm we've been needing, baby. Let's give it a try; if it doesn't work out we'll just tell him thanks, but no thanks." Bella knew it wasn't that simple, but by now she'd given up all hope of this nightmare ending simply. She nodded in resignation and watched as Edward took the business card from his pocket and began dialing. Show the author some support by leaving a review. Remember, this is an anonymous contest. Hinting or guessing the author's identity will lead to immediate disqualification, so please remember this before leaving a review. Public voting begins February 17th and ends March 1st. Results will be announced on March 15th. Follow us on FB, Twitter, or our blog.