I'm mad for being here as it is," "Oh please," He scoffed gently, "We're all mad here," I laughed a little and he swiped away my remaining tears with his soft, padded fingertips. "Come," He ordered as shadows moved in and out of the trees and figures scuttled in the branches. I shivered. "It's alright, they won't hurt you when you're with me - no one likes to mess with a cat," He chuckled. He flexed his claws as an explanation. He lead me to a large tree down a dark path and helped me climb up into a large hole cut into the trunk. It was quite high and I nearly fainted from nausea. Inside the tree was the most wonderful little treehouse den. The hole had it's own door to prevent wind or rain coming through, if rain and wind existed here. It blocked out the frightening crows and squeals of the night-life too. It was dimly lit with some sort of gas lamps on the wooden walls and was so very warm. Cheshire went over to a nest of pillows and pulled out more blankets, throws and plush pillows. I felt like a nuisance. I took off my coat and folded it over my arm. "Here," He came over to me and took my coat from me gently, inhaling it's scent before placing it on a small table. "Your home is beautiful," I whispered, tracing the knots in the wood grain with my fingertip. "Not as beautiful as it's new addition," He uttered into my ear from behind. I blushed again and he cupped my cheek. He was so tender. I had almost forgotten my own home and life in my time with him. I didn't want the dream to end. The my life in the human world seemed so long ago now. "I…Don't have any night clothes," I confessed, embarrassed and ashamed. His tail flicked gracefully as he thought. "Hmm…I may have something," He said finally, smiling at me. He delved into a drawer next to his nest and pulled out a crumpled, cotton dress. "I think this may fit," He handed the dress to me and frowned. "I don't really wear night...clothes," He finished uncertainly, clearly baffled by mu wishes to wear clothes to bed. "I apologise for it being…bland," He looked troubled. "It's lovely, thank you so much," I told him firmly, smiling to show my appreciation. "I don't wear such things of course, I found it by a tree once," He confessed. I smiled. He grinned and flopped onto his bed, facing away from me. "I am guessing you would like privacy to undress?" He murmured as he laid his head on a plump pillow. "Um...Yes. Thank you," I stuttered out as I hastily removed my top and trousers, slipping the dress over my head and delighting in the fact that it me perfectly, if a little short for my taste. It came to just above my knees. It was pure white and I thanked the lord that I had worn a white bra that day as well as virgin white panties. The soft cotton slid against my hips and tummy and felt so good. It had long sleeves and a curved neckline which made me less self-conscious. "I'm…changed," I announced and he hopped up gracefully. His eyes changed, growing darker when he looked at me. "You…you look…lovely," He choked out a little, his easy composure shattered for a moment. I flushed crimson and looked to the floor. He scooped me up and I squealed as he laid me down on the nest before I could protest. "It gets quite cold here, I would remain close," He purred seductively. I think he knew the effect he was having on me and I shuddered. He turned me to face him in his arms and cradled me close, my head resting on his broad, furry shoulder. He was so soft and inviting and warm. I melted and basked in his heat as he continued to purr a continuous melody in my ear. "Bella…" He sighed. I didn't answer, I didn't need to. "I…I think I remember what my…birth name is," He whispered, coming to gaze into my eyes. His green orbs were alight with remembrance. "Yes?" I whispered, content and sleepy. "Edward," He said, "My name is Edward," And with that, he ducked his head down and rested his forehead upon mine. His ears twitched adorably and his tail curled around my waist, caressing my hip. I sighed softly and bit back a whimper of happiness. His tiny whiskers tickled my nose and I giggled. He grinned and rubbed his nose on mine. I clasped my hand around his paw and his claws disappeared, letting me hold his hand without the danger. "Thank you," He whispered. "For what?" "For answering my prayers," He murmured, his lips coming to my ear. "I did?" I was confused. "I wished for a companion, a female for my own. I was…so lonely before today and it has only just dawned on me that you are what I have been waiting for," He whispered lovingly, causing tears to well up in my eyes. He was everything I had dreamed of also, but I was too choked up to admit it. "Edward," I tested his name on my lips," I…thank you - for saving me. I would surely be cold, lonely and likely dead by now if I hadn't have…met you," I choked out. He smiled, his lips curving and closed his eyes again. He drew thick furs up around us and placed a pillow under my head as my eyes drooped shut. He curled his body around mine and my lips touched his neck, feeling the vibrations of his sweet purring on my skin. Bathed in safety and happiness, I spent my first night with the man of my dreams - much better than any story or dream I had read or had so far. Thanks for reading! More soon.