Laying back on the bed I try to sleep but can't. I bolt upright when I hear the front door open again. Rose's voice echoes over the hardwood floors. "Bella?" I'm more relieved to see her than I thought I would be. She smiles and the warmth in it makes my body relax for the first time in hours. "Hungry?" she asks. "Because I'm fucking starving." She grins. I follow her to the kitchen, making her sit while I make pasta sauce. She watches me chop garlic. "I forgot you could cook." "No one to cook for these days." "Edward will love it." Esme made amazing meals. I have a vivid memory of Edward hugging her while she stirred a pot on the stove. She'd swatted him away with an oven mitt. "Do you know where they went?" She looks at me closely, her eyes moving over my face. "We don't ask those questions." The knife stills as I process that. I glance up and resume chopping. "Doesn't that bother you?" I ask. She shrugs. "Sometimes. But as long as Emmett comes home to me I don't care where he is or what he does." I don't respond. There was a time when I would have accepted that without question. She stares at me, biting her lip. There's clearly something on her mind. Gently, I set down the knife. "What do you need to say to me, Rose?" She's hesitant. "Are you all in? Because you can't go halfway with this family." My response isn't as automatic as it would have been at one time in my life. "I know that. I'm in." She appraises me for another long minute before she gets up, waddling over to the pantry. She comes out with a black box. Inside is a 9mm. "Just like Esme's," she says. "You should have it." I don't need to ask her why she's showing me this. The intent is clear. She watches my face. Esme did pull a gun on my dad. I try to picture it and can't. "She knew how to shoot?" Rose affirms that, closing the box slowly. "It's important to know how to defend your family. Did your father not teach you?" I just stare at her. She walks the box back to the pantry. I'm out of tears for the Swan family. When she returns she changes the subject. "Your only job is to make him happy, Bella. Make him forget what's waiting for him when he walks out the door." I raise an eyebrow. "Somehow I can't see you in that role, Rose." "You'd be surprised." An independent, indignant part of me wants to protest the notion of being a submissive wife. There's resignation on her face and I wonder if she's gone through the same thing. "If you're thinking I'm weak now or I don't get to speak my mind, you're wrong. Esme wasn't weak. She was the backbone. I can't be what she was, though." She takes a breath. "Neither can Alice." "Edward isn't the only one who needs you. This last year has been...rough. Alice hasn't been well." Losing Alice as a friend was almost harder than losing Edward, at times. I'm not sure if it's fair to hold out hope for that relationship but looking at Rose's face, I decide to try. The burner ticks and I heat the pan. I toss onion in, stirring it as it softens. "It smells really good," Rose says as I add the garlic. I smile as genuinely as I can. I finish the food as she watches. We don't say much, sitting down in the living room to watch a movie after dinner. At some point both of us fall asleep. I wake up to Edward's voice in my ear. "Hi," I say, sitting up and stretching. Rose must have gone to bed. He leads me to his bedroom, dim lights and soft sheets. I fall back on the bed and he stands next to it, unbuttoning his shirt. I watch, letting my eyes travel over the planes of his body as he undresses, finally standing in boxer briefs by the side of the bed. "Where were you?" I ask. A test. He looks down at me, shaking his head once. Admonished, I turn my head away from him. I think of the gun hidden in the pantry. Edward sits next to me, running his hand up my leg; the inside of my thigh. "Did Rose talk to you?" There's a large mirror on the wall opposite us. My eyes are fixed on my own reflection. I suppose I could have guessed that conversation wasn't spontaneous. "Yes." "Are you okay?" I watch myself nod. "Bella." He waits for me to look at him. "I'm not forcing you into this. If you decide to be with me there are things you'll have to accept. That's one of them" His thumb slides over my hipbone. "But I'll take care of you. I'll give you anything you want. I'll do anything you ask me to." "That's a dangerous thing to say." "I know." He slides his hand lower. "But no matter what you have to choose." I sit up and he starts to lift my shirt but I stop him, sliding off the bed and carefully dropping to my still-sore knees in front of him. He inhales sharply as I take him in my mouth, looking down at me through half-closed eyes. "What are you doing?" he asks, his voice thick. I pause, looking up. I see power. I see love. I see a good man who does bad things. "I'm making my choice." Show the author some support by leaving a review. Remember, this is an anonymous contest. Hinting or guessing the author's identity will lead to immediate disqualification, so please remember this before leaving a review. Public voting begins February 17th and ends March 1st. Results will be announced on March 15th. Follow us on FB, Twitter, or our blog.