if it's is as soft as it looks. So I grab a lock of her homespun chocolate and tug a little before tucking the strands behind her ear—newborn baby fuzz ain't as soft. My fingers graze the back of the two gold studs in her left ear, they catch the morning light. She has an extra stud in the tippy top shell of her ear, too. Mesmerized, I trace my finger up to the small diamond. Never seen something like that before—I like the extra piercing. Just that small piece of jewelry leaves me wondering if there's anymore hidden beneath her uniform. Before I can get too lost in my thoughts, she slaps my hand away and huffs. "Well, Mr. Masen, doesn't matter if we get to know each other on a first-name basis. All you will be is a number if I can link you to Carlisle Cullen's death. The Department says Mr. Cullen's death was an accident. His blood alcohol content was through the roof, and all the evidence looks like he fell in the river and drowned. An accident is what they say, but after today I don't feel like that's really what happened." She pauses to catch her breath, and a blush sprouts up from the neckline of her black button-up. "I come in, and you appear all too happy to find out your step dad has died," she says, jabbing two little, bony fingers into my sternum while she continues to flail about, ranting and raving. She takes those same two fingers and points them at the house. Can't help but notice her gesture is like a gun. "Also, red clay is on the boots by the door that look a little too big for the late Mr. Cullen's feet." Her penetrating gaze starts at the top of my copper-colored hair and lands on my bare toes wiggling in Ma's freshly trimmed Bermuda grass. Then, she turns to her attention to Rowanda and stalks towards my beloved truck. "The same red clay is on the rusted, red heap of truck in the front yard." I gasp because I can't believe she's dragging Rowanda into this. She starts to saunter my way. Devil hips swing while her cuffs clap an ovation. She whispers, "Plus, I can't neglect the red clay under your nails, too. The Department might have called Mr. Cullen's death an accident, but I detect a skunk." When she finishes her little rant, trying to get in my face as best as someone her height can, her finger jabs me through my thin white tee again. Raising one arm, then the other, I smell each of my armpits and smirk at her. "It ain't me that you smell, sugar." Tootsie, on the other hand, smells like honeysuckle, and I wonder if she tastes like it, too. I put the brakes on that particular train of thought before it ever leaves the station and gets me into even bigger trouble. Guess I seem dense because she huffs and clomps off back to her cruiser in those fugly mandatory boots. The boots might be fugly as all get out, but I wouldn't mind unlacing them to find her—what I'm sure would be—dainty toes. Instead, she flings her body into the cruiser, huffing and puffing so much I expect her to blow down Ma's house. She cranks the engine, and music comes blaring out of the stereo. "I might have had a plan, but he didn't know it. I might have been scared, but I didn't show it. That's all between the river and me. With the current and the rocks it could have been risky. He might have been sober, but I brought the whiskey. That's all between the river and me." Uncontrollable laughter has me bent over, half wheezing at the irony of the moment—of all the songs in the world to come out of the deputy's speakers. Somehow, I compose myself a little. I know I'm not making myself any less obvious about what really happened to Carl. I can't help myself, though. These past two days have been the strangest ones of my life, and the little devil parked in my mom's front yard is just a fraction of my problems. For me to be attracted to a deputy ain't a huge problem. The problem is: the same deputy thinks I'm guilty of murder. She ain't wrong in her assumptions, I'm guiltier than a fox with a mouth full of feathers, but that's beside the point. Leaning down into the open window on folded arms, I smile at her. She's breathing a little heavy. "I don't know what ya presume happened to Carl, Tootsie, but you're wrong. Carl was a mean ole drunk who got too close to the water. Might not want to start playing blame games if ya can't come up with proof. A sweet little thing like you could only embarrass herself and make things worse without the evidence." I tap my finger on the small dimple I just noticed in her chin. The devil whoops her siren at me, so I jump back with my hands up, still smiling. "Mr. Masen, I may not have concrete evidence, yet, but I will do everything in my power to get it." She shifts her car into drive and gravel crunches below her tires as she lets off the brake slightly. Leaning out her window a little, her eyes never leaving mine. "Might want to be a little more careful, Masen. I'm watching you." This thought makes me flat out giddy, and I decide there ain't much I wouldn't do to draw her attention. Show the author some support by leaving a review. Remember, this is an anonymous contest. Hinting or guessing the author's identity will lead to immediate disqualification, so please remember this before leaving a review. Public voting begins February 17th and ends March 1st. Results will be announced on March 15th. Follow us on FB, Twitter, or our blog.