Harry starts to stroke my hair and whisper in my ear "its ok baby" I hear Leah ask "daddy is mom ok?" I sit up and say "mom?" she comes over to me and hugs me and Seth joins her in hugging me then he picks me up and sits on the chair with me on his lap and says " look mum I might be six foot 4 and weigh 225 pounds but I always wanted a mum so I could be a mummy's boy just like Leah's a daddy's girl but I'm sure Leah agrees with me when I say you have done more for us in the last few hours than she did in the last year and add that to sneaking us food when she wouldn't feed us you have always been more like a mum than bitch face was so thank you mum" I give him a kiss on the head and say "we can make one day a week me and you time and Leah can spend time with her daddy how's that sound?" Seth's pov "We can make one day a week me and you time and Leah can spend time with her Daddy how's that sound?" I was so happy that I was finally getting the mum I wanted To be able to spend time with her and be loved. " id love to mama". Bella's pov I got up and stood near Harry just as the doc walked in " well Mr Clearwater, i've checked everything and you seem to be fine. it seems what she gave you is not in your system any more. just sign here and you can go home". The kids left the room following the doc out shutting the door behind them I lock the door and shut the curtains Harry's sat on the edge on the bed so I go stand in front of him. He pulls me close to him wrapping his arms around me I look in his eyes and say " I love you Harry so much" I lean in and kiss him just as I'm about to pull back he pulls me back kissing me with all his passion I pull back and he whispers " I love you Isabella" I close my eyes and smile and say " as much as id love to continue we need to get you dressed home feed so we can carry this on alone so when you make me scream no one can hear and we can christen the house now the kids don't live there". I help him take the gown off and put it on the bed and grind up against him " oh Harry 'm so wet and hot for you I cant wait to feel your cock pounding into me" Harry's eyes fill with lust as he turns me so my back is against his chest sliding his hand down the front of my skirt and thong feeling how wet I am and then he slides his fingers in me rubbing my g spot he removes his fingers licking them clean picking me up and sitting me on the bed he finishes getting dressed while I collect myself we then leave the room and walk out to Leah's car she drives us home trying to keep our hands to ourselves. we climb out and the kids say they will see us later I take Harry's hand and we walk up to the front door he opens it and lets go of my and to shut it and lock it turning to face me he pulls off his top and my god I thank whatever god is listening for making my Harry look like he was carved by the gods. I was so drawn in by him I didn't realise he was stood in front of me till he grabbed the bottom of my shirt and pull it up I smile at him and we walk towards his I mean our bedroom. we walk in and strip and meet in the middle of the bed he lays me down and slides his body up mine as we kiss he slides into me this cock hitting just the right spot to make me sigh and just like always there is no need for words our bodies say everything all that can be heard is the sound of our bodies meeting and our breathing, moans and sighs we both come looking into each others eyes harry rolls over pulling me with him he looks at me and says " I love you so much and our child thank you for making me a daddy again" I snuggle closer and say " I love you too I don't think I ever could be without you and a child is a perfect way to show everyone our love" 10 years later Harry's pov " Leah are you ready?" Today our eldest daughter is getting married to her imprint, who turned out to be Sam. we found out that Emily was a witch, and put a block up to stop him imprinting on Leah, and made him think he imprinted on her. But Bella found out and killed her. Sam came to thank her, Leah opened the door and bam imprint Sam proposed and here we are I didn't want to give my little girl away but Bella told me I had to so she could be as happy as we are. We had 4 more kids we have a 11 year old Grace a 9 year old Toby and 8 year old twin girls lilly and rose our family is perfect and I have never been happier. The end Please comment they make me feel good and I will be writing another chapter for love gained im sorry its been so long ive just had a lot to deal with lately but if life gives you lemons make lemonade x x x Baby beliko x