the sextet, he locked gazes with me and saw everything in my memory of who she really was to us and is now doing everything he can to suppress her memories. I swear to god if he did what I think though he's getting roasted, and Jake is going to kill him when he finds out." I said. "You think the little brat tried to use his power on my daughter repeatedly?" Charlie growled and I nodded as I thought over my daughter's relationship with my friend's son and knew my baby girl was home for good now as I commented on it to him. "So the imprint screwed with the kids' friendship, my daughter is now engaged at twenty years old and to one of my pack kids, well I didn't see that coming, though I think it was meant to happen in our case Elliot." I added and he hid a smile as he answered me. "I've seen the way Paul is with Rachel, was she supposed to be his imprint?" he asked and I nodded. "Evidently, but the kids have no memories of what they really were to each other, we should have had them together all the time over the last year, and I find out exactly what the leach did and when I do I'm telling her the truth, because only split second decisions will keep him from getting to her and the omega connection keeps him from getting into her mind." I told him and Daniel started growling as he answered me. "What she say about Edward, if she skipped school twice?" Charlie asked and Sue answered that one. "He's a mind reader, I think he read Billy's mind the day before she met Carlisle, Alice and the others, but in Alice's case she sees the future, and it explains why she came back last winter, she thought cliff jump was for real, rather than recreation, which is part of the reason for why Cullen tried to kill himself." "But Jake and Bella got her the information they needed to make it so we could combine forces to protect her and you and we're taking turns in guarding your house leading up to the camping trip, that resulted in the motorcycle accident that we told you about." she said and he nodded as his eyes narrowed in anger as he looked at me as he said it. "The bastard read your mind to figure out what you guys are to her and starts doing anything he can to keep her away from you, alright if she gets a message like that, she's doing some investigating and then comes straight to your house, we better get ready for that." he said and they nodded. "Alright, guys the five of you reactivate now, she crosses the perimeter the five of you block the boundary, and if he tries to come through guard my house, because I'm telling the kids the truth." I said to him, Elliot, Jack, Adam and Joe and they all nodded. "Billy we're all forty six, are you sure it's going to work still?" Adam asked and I nodded. "Yeah I'm sure, but time to know sure." I said and they nodded as we shoved the table out of the way. "Charlie get behind me and girls stay close." I added and the quintet all nodded to that as I watched my friends all phase at once. "Whoa, alright I remember seeing you guys as wolves, but I just never expected to see you phase in front of me, but that was amazing, and she saw Jake and Paul do it in front of her, just before Harry was killed?" he asked and I nodded as Daniel moved over to him gently. "Don't worry guys nothing is going to change between us." he said to him and Daniel gave him a nudge with a wolf like chuckle and he patted him on the back. "So if I'm reading this right, Daniel, you're the brown, Elliot you're the silver and white, Jack is orange, Joe is Chocolate furred with white on your chest, Adam is red with stripes in your leg fur, Billy you're reddish brown, Josh was black, Harry was gold furred and Eric was chocolate furred." he said and Elliot gave him a nod as he walked over to him as well. "Thanks for telling me, alright, we just have to wait for her to get a message like that, call me at work when she's on her way home and I'm hearing the rest of it from her and Carlisle." he said and I nodded as the quintet phased back and we started making plans for that as we waited for this to get started as he left to go to work as he gave my shoulder a brotherly squeeze and I smiled at him, as I looked at the photo on the wall. 'Dont worry baby, you're not losing any of us, it's time to come home, we're not giving you up without a fight.' I thought softly as I looked at the picture of her as a baby in my arms, and then me as a wolf and she was sitting in my paws with her head leaning against mine as a toddler with a smile on her face and knew she was going to be determined to stay with us when she heard this, remembering this, I heard my wolf start purring and hid a smile, my wolf, Red, thought of her as a cub and she meant a lot to me, and I was doing whatever was necessary to protect her and get her back. 'I love you baby, nothing is going to change, we're not losing you, and as for you, you little bastard get ready this is war.' I thought with a growl as my wolf growled dangerously at this, nothing was taking her away from us, no matter what we had to do here.