up into his signature smirk, making me even wetter than I already was. I know he won't take this lightly and when this is over our lives will be changed forever. It hadn't hit home until this very moment what today really means and what we're about to do. I reach back to unhook my bra and slide the straps down my shoulders. Almost bare before him, I lean up and push him to his back so my hands are free to roam. "You have on too many clothes." I kiss all over his chest and abs as I reach for his button fly. With a few flicks of my fingers, I'm able to gently push his pants and briefs down to reveal his cock. It's thick, bulging and twitching in anticipation. It's all for me. I take him in my hand; he's hard but silky as I slowly squeeze and slide my hand upward. He groans his pleasure, so I do it again. Then I lean down and place a slow open mouth kiss on the tip. "Bella, you're gonna to make me come if you keep doin' that." "Is that so bad?" "I want us both to come." He flips us over and starts kissing my breast then suckles a nipple in his mouth, taking turns to make sure they're equally appreciated and making me arch off the bed in pleasure. My panties are the final piece to go. After sliding them down my legs, his beautiful guitar- strumming, callused fingers slowly make their way back to where I want them most, where I ache for him. He slides one finger in while rubbing my clit with his thumb. "You're so wet for me." "Always you. Only ever you, Edward. Please ..." I'm so close to coming undone, his fingers and mouth doing wicked things to my body. When he has me almost on the brink of no return, he removes his fingers and lifts up, positioning himself at my entrance. "Are you ready, Bella?" "I'm going to finish myself if you don't hurry ... Please, Edward ..." I'm about to implode from the tension in my stomach. Slowly, he pushes the head in and I draw in a breath in preparation for the pain. As he pushes forward, there is a slight stinging sensation that makes me lock my legs around him. He halts his progress, but I push him to continue. Fully seated inside me, I feel some discomfort, but mostly I feel whole, like a huge piece of me has been returned. This is so right, no matter what tomorrow brings. "It's okay, Edward, you can move. I need you to." He slowly slides back only to push inside again. After a few slow thrusts, the pain subsides and is replaced with anticipation. "Ung ... Bella ... you feel so good, I don't know ... how long I can last." Picking up a rhythm, he begins to move in earnest. The tingles start building up my spine and my stomach begins tensing. "Oh God, oh God ..." I am almost incoherent. "Edward, right there ..." The feeling gains intensity and I think I might die from the pressure. "I'm fixing to ... Ugh ..." "Bellaaaa ..." His thrusts are sloppy, but he continues until every last spasm has been milked from my body. With a huge breath, he drops down over me and starts kissing me sweetly, with small kisses all over my face, murmuring how beautiful and sexy I looked when I came. With a sigh, I squeeze my arms around him and hold him close as he rolls us to our sides. "That was ..." I can't even get the sentence out of my mouth before there's a knocking on the door. "Ignore it." He begins kissing me slowly. The knocking gets louder and more persistent. "Edward, it may be important. Go see who it is." Slowly, he pulls out of me and crawls off the bed, donning the robe provided by the hotel. I grab his button up and my panties and head to the bathroom to clean up. After a quick trip in there, I walk back into the room. "What're you doin' here?" I hear Edward ask whoever is at the door. As I get farther in the room I can hear a familiar voice responding, "We took in your show, and the second act," which is said in distaste, "and wanted to surprise you at the after party." Where have I heard that voice? I thought, racking my brain trying to place it. "Only to find out you weren't even there, so we thought we'd come see you here. We did drive this entire way, son." Son? Oh. My. God. We'd talked about his parents back when the tour first started, but that seems like a lifetime ago. I know his father is a preacher of their church and his mom is the mayor of their small Georgia town. Their convictions have contributed much to whom the boys are today and played a part in them choosing to live a chaste lifestyle. Edward's parents are currently at his hotel door and there will be no turning them away. This is coming out tonight and we have no choice in the matter. I make sure every possible button is fastened on his shirt and slide my skinnies up my legs all while trying to kick stray clothes beneath the bed before they're inside. Slowly, I walk to where Edward stands at the door. He catches my eye and turns to his parents. "Mom, Dad, I would like to introduce you to my wife, Isabella Cullen." He reaches out for my hand and gives me an encouraging look as I step up beside him and turn to meet his parents. Holy shit! The Baptist preacher and his caramel haired companion are Edward's parents! Just as I face them, realization strikes on their faces and his mother collapses into his father's arms.