She runs her hands down my arms making me standing attention. I slightly lean on her as she holds my wrists both of us looking in the mirror. Her mouth is next to my ear. "See Bella, you're a beautiful woman. You're breast look how they should perky and round. And this red does wonders for your skin. It looks like your blushing. Men love that." Her touch is electrifying and I feel very warm in my cheats. The warmth travels down my breast, to the pit of my stomach and then into a deeper wet part of me. Rose is holding my wrists and I am stiff as a board. My heart quickens and I forgot to speak. She lets go and whirls me around. "Earth to Bella, what do you think?" I stammer looking for the right words. " Ya I think I look hot" Rosalie laughs a triumph laugh and leave the dressing room. "Hurry up, we have one more shop to hit before we head back." My whole body is tingling and I have to dress slowly so I don't fall over. We pay for the lingerie and begin walking to Rose's favorite clothing shop. It feels normal between us again, maybe I imagined the electricity. To create normalcy again I try to bring up normal topics. How is volleyball going? How excited are you to go to FIT? How excited am I to go to Columbia? By the time we reach the store I feel no more tingles. The store is Rose incarnate. Edgy and sexy, not at all my first choice. I see some band shirts, but Rosalie steers me away bringing me over to the dresses. "You've got some sexy lingerie now you need some sexy clothes" I groan and am about to throw a teenage hissy fit when Rose buries me in dresses. "Aren't you going to try anything on?" I look at Rose skeptically. "Isn't Emmett coming back from school this weekend?" I want to ask about Edward, but I won't. "Yes, but I don't need new clothes for that.." "Right because you don't wear clothes when your with Emmett" I spit out embarrassed I even said that. Rose and Emmett were infamous for their sexacapades, how they got away fucking so many places I don't know. I was always secretly jealous that Edward didn't show me the same passion Emmett showed Rose. Edward and I were very intense, it just never translated to sex, which was frustrating. Rosalie's laughter pulled me out of my thoughts. "Yes we really didn't ever where clothes in private or public if we could get away with it, but no I don't need anything special because we broke up" She said it so bluntly my jaw dropped. She looked at me comically. "Come on Bella, Emmett is a sweet guy, but he's not very smart and I am definitely the jealous type. I couldn't deal with him being with all those girls up there. You know he's probably getting a new girl every night. No, I'd rather be single than waste my time on that." I think my jaw was still open because Rose started laughing at me. I regained my composure and gave her a dirty look. "Why didn't you tell me?" I stammered feeling betrayed. Rose stopped laughing. " I didn't want to make it into a big deal, you've been in this depression I didn't want to make you sad about anything else." I winced thinking about it. I was too fragile to be told about someone else's break up. That's pathetic. I shot Rose a side ways glance and she smiled. I realized her taking care of me was probably helping her too. "Alright lets try on some clothes" I squeaked. Most of the stuff Rose brought me was tight and showed off more skin than I was used to. But what the hell I was doing this for the both of us now. Seeing Rose happy over my transformation made me happy even if I thought it was dumb. We left the store arm in arm laughing. "So I have the perfect guy I want to set you up with" I stopped in my tracks and looked at her incredulously. This was all a well laid trap to get me on a date! Rosalie looked at me questioningly. "What? I'm not letting you let all this stuff go to waste. He's really hot, he just transferred to our school from the Indian reservation." I quickly remembered who she was talking about. He was really hot, but way out of my league and too much of a badass for my father. Charlie didn't even like Edward and he was the most well mannered man on the planet. Maybe he knew he was a heartbreaker. I was daydreaming and Rosalie was starring again, I quickly responded. " The guy with the motorcycle?! If he's so hot why don't you date him?" I scoffed. Rosalie put on her determined face and I knew I was in trouble. A little smirk played at the corner of her mouth. "Because he's not interested in me. He asked me about you. If he was interested in zombie you, he'll fall down on his knees and worship this Bella!" My mouth fell open for a moment and I thought about how amazing that would be, but then my rational mind came back. "No, I'm not going, It's not happening. I'm not ready!" I let out in a huff. Rose suddenly frowned and the determined look on her face was back. "Oh you're going. I just broke up with my boyfriend and seeing you go on this date will make me happy." I was taken aback. I can't believe she played the guilt card! Ugh I guess I have to go now. I drop my head and roll my eyes. Rosalie sees I surrendered, smiling widely she pulls me to the car. What have I gotten myself into?