that small amount of hope shrivel and die. Without speaking, I walked out the door. The bell jingled behind me. I didn't look to see if Mr. Marshall was watching. I started off down the road. If what I thought was happening, was actually happening, then my subconscious memory would know where to go. I took turn after turn, ignoring the blisters that were forming on my feet. The rain was picking up from the misty drizzle it had been earlier. I was quickly soaked from head to foot. My jeans hugged my legs uncomfortably and my sweater was hanging off my body in a weird way. My hair turned dark gold, clinging to the sides of my face. Only a few cars passed by me and I swore every single one of them slowed down a little. I didn't look at them, I completely ignored them. They were looking at me, I could tell, but it was more important right then to get to my destination. I was half running through the rain and I probably looked crazy. Actually, I was 100% sure that I was crazy. Eventually I stopped because I had reached where I wanted to go. I had walked a long way. It probably would have taken three minutes in a car, but on foot it had felt much longer. I half glanced at the sign that read "Forks High School". My eyes roved over the school, taking in each detail that fit the descriptions perfectly: long low buildings with doors to classrooms that led right outside. There was a small parking lot filled with old beat up cars. My eyes picked out the large red truck and the shiny Volvo easily. Then I was sprinting. I was running to the cafeteria. I wasn't exactly sure where it was but so far my subconscious had been able to direct me pretty well. I was running furiously across the concrete parking lot. My feet slapped against the pavement. That's when I slipped on the wet pavement. I fell to my knees, bracing myself with my palms. I felt the blood start to ooze out of the scraps. My feet were already bleeding from the blisters that had popped open. I wondered faintly if Jasper would be able to control himself when I burst into lunch, bleeding all over the place. The idea that Jasper was going to be in the cafeteria was so ridiculous a bubble of laughter burst out of my throat. I started giggling uncontrollably. I was still giggling as I ran onto the grass passed the parking lot and then under the eaves of the buildings. I was smiling like a maniac the whole way. I stopped outside the door of what I was sure was the cafeteria. I took a moment to catch my breath and think about what I was doing. If I went in there, I might ruin the entire book. What if this was some Back to the Future shit and I would be erased if the ending didn't turn out like it was supposed to? What if Bella died because I interfered? What if anyone died? I thought about it for a moment, then realized that these were fictional characters I was dealing with, and if not, then I didn't have anything to worry about because I wouldn't be in a fictional book. I nodded to myself. I made sense. Steeling myself, I pulled open the door and entered. At first, no one saw me. I took a few cautious steps inside. There were people sitting down and some getting food through the lunch line. My eyes were drawn immediately to the table in the corner where my subconscious knew they would be, but where the rest of my body was begging them not to be. My heart thudded, stopped, started again, stopped, and started again. I blinked several times. There they were. All five of them. They sat just as Stephanie Meyer had described. Emmett: muscular with curly hair. Rosalie: blond and striking. Jasper: dangerous and hungry looking. Alice: her black hair spiking in all directions her body that of a ballerina. Edward: tousled bronze hair and a bored expression on his face. They were pale beyond the norm, dark circles under their black, blank eyes. They were breathtakingly beautiful, each one a peak human specimen. I stared at them for eternity before remembering my other mission. I wrenched my eyes away from the five people I had never seen before and yet had imagined for so many years, and forced myself to look at the other tables. My eyes instantly landed on one table filled with people talking and laughing. I recognized the blond spiky hair of one boy, the dark, curly hair of a girl with her eyes on him, and the white blond hair of another girl. Of course, I also recognized the deep brown hair of a shy girl sitting in the center of the row. She was obviously uncomfortable, but she wore the awkwardness well. Her eyes flickered around warily and she tried to smile as the others talked to her. She was also beautiful, not like the glaring beauty of the five people (I couldn't bring myself to think the word that would have fit here better), but for a human being, she was extraordinarily lovely. Her ivory skin glowed faintly; she had beautiful dark eyes and a hint of natural brown-red in her eyelids. She looked over at the table in the corner and I watched her eyebrows come together as she studied the five people just like I had a moment before. She whispered something to the girl next to her and Jessica giggled. I looked over at the other table and saw Edward's eyes on them. Then he looked away. It was all so real. It was really happening. Everything. Detail for detail. It was all as I had read. Everything was exactly the same. And then I fainted.