released. "Will it fit?" I asked. It was bigger than I thought it would be, and the dark round tip looked threatening to me. "You will stretch," he said, reaching for me and pulling our bodies together. "Don't think about it yet." I melted into him, enjoying the feeling of our naked bodies together, the tickle of his chest hair on my breasts, and the gentle strokes his hands made across my hypersensitive skin. He lay me gently back on the bed and kneeled between my legs, and I was suddenly nervous. "Breathe, Bella. I will do this at your speed, when you're ready." "I want it now," I whispered. "Right now." He studied my face for a second, looking for doubt, but I was determined. I was ready. He reached for his dick and placed it against me, then cradled me in his arms. "This is going to hurt a bit, okay?" I nodded and tried to reassure him with a smile. "I will go slow, but tell me if you want to stop." I kissed him quickly then held his arms as I felt him push forward. It felt like he was pushing me up the bed, there was something not letting him into my body. I took in a quick breath as the pain started. "Stop," I said as I panted, trying to ignore the stinging. "My knob is in," he whispered, keeping perfectly still. "It's so tight." "Just wait... it hurts," I said. He distracted me successfully with kisses on my neck, and the pain receded. "Okay, keep going," I said. He checked my face again and started to push. The stinging started again straight away, so I wrapped my arms around him, my body hanging from his, and hid my face in his shoulder, clenching my teeth tightly together. "Fuck, Bella, I'm in." His voice was strained, and he had his teeth clenched too. I flopped back onto the bed as soon as the pain was gone again, relieved that it was over. "Oh, love, you're crying. I'm so sorry," he said. I reached up to my cheeks and felt tears. He started to pull away from me, but I held his arms to stop him. "No, don't, it's fine," I said. "It hurt, but it's okay now." "Kiss me," he whispered, smiling now. We kissed, and he was careful not to move, not wanting to hurt me any more. As our tongues moved together, he reached a hand between us and touched the sensitive spot that made me come earlier. I turned my head away from his mouth so I could breathe, my lungs suddenly desperate for air. "Edward..." I moaned, needing something but not sure what. "I'm going to try moving now, okay? Tell me if it hurts." He pulled his hips away from mine then pushed them back to where they were. My back arched with the feel of the pressure released inside me as he moved out, then I felt the stinging as he filled me again. It didn't hurt as much as before, but any pleasure I felt with his pull was negated with his push. "Okay?" he asked. His face had a look of strain and pleasure, and there was no way I could stop him after seeing that. "Yes, keep going." I watched as he pulled back again and thrusted forward, slightly harder. I smiled to reassure him I was all right, and he closed his eyes tight. I relaxed as he started up a rhythm of long pulls and quick thrusts, and enjoyed myself watching his face as he took pleasure in my body. "I'm not going to last much longer," he said though clenched teeth after a while. "Are you close?" "Don't worry about me, Edward," I said, knowing I was nowhere near, although I was starting to feel the build-up I knew happened before orgasm. "Bella..." he said, wanting to protest, but he hadn't stopped moving, so I knew he wouldn't be able to help himself. "Come for me," I whispered, trying to make my voice low and sultry. With one last hard thrust he stilled, his hips hard against me. His face screwed up, and a groan escaped his open mouth. I felt his dick twitching inside me, and I stroked his face, trying to help him through it. "God, Bella," he finally said as his muscles relaxed and he collapsed onto my chest. He lay on me, breathing hard for a few seconds before rolling off with a grunt. I was pulled into a hug, my face to his chest, which I kissed all over until his breathing returned to normal. "That was amazing," he said as he ran his fingers through my hair and kissed my forehead. "Are you all right?" I shifted my legs, testing to see if anything hurt. "I'm fine, just a dull ache." "Let me get you something," he said and left me laying in the middle of the bed. He returned with a warm, damp towel and rubbed it gently over my skin between my legs. I watched him caring for me, a serious look of concentration on his face, and I smiled in happiness that I had chosen the right person to do this with. When I was completely clean, he placed a cold facecloth gently over my aching area and crawled back into bed. "I love you," he whispered when we were comfortable. I was wrapped safely in his arms, and I couldn't imagine a better place to be. "I love you, too, more than anything in the world." He squeezed me tight, acknowledging my words. "Make sure you sneak out carefully in the morning," I said before I fell asleep. "I would hate for Dad to catch you and kill you before we can do this again." He chuckled and nodded, an unspoken promise of many nights just like this to come. Thank you to Stephanie O and TwiMarti, my betas. ©(storyline) 2012 Abbyward