the road and looked at me for the longest moment. "Bella, you have to forget this. I can deal with it." I was reeling from the answer in his look. What he was capable of when cornered, scared me. We hardly spoke again on the drive back to this island. Quietly, we sorted the supplies in the caravan and people stopped by to take delivery. We walked over to my room to relax and Edward lay down on the bed with his arm over his eyes. I joined with him to show I still cared but when he looked at me, his eyes grew. "Your neck." "What?" "It's bruised." He touched me so tenderly, moving my hair away so he could see. He looked into my eyes and then kissed the bruises, delicately, and my eyes closed from the sensation. He moved his lips along my jaw, reaching a spot below my ear, making me whimper. Then he dropped his forehead to my shoulder in pain. "We can't go to the mainland together again." I lifted his head, pushing his hair back and kissed his cheek. "We'll stay here." He shook his head and I saw his emotion building. "I put you in danger today. I'm so sorry." He kissed my lips. "No, you protected me." I kissed him back with more intensity. "I can't let anything happen to you. I… I love you." His arms surrounded me, desperately holding me close. "I love you too." He moved to the spot below my ear and I knew I wanted to connect with him. "Touch me. Show me. Make love to me." He did much more than that. He showed me what it felt like to be a woman in love – physically, mentally, spiritually. -I~N- It was dawn when the phone call came and ripped us apart. He said very little, asked a few questions and hung up. He threw on his clothes and then sat on the bed, looking serious. "The police are on their way, Bella. Just tell everyone to get rid of their drugs and go to work as normal. I have to disappear." "Why?" I felt like I was dreaming. "He's paid someone off to trap me. I have to go." "No!" I clung to him, but he leaned down and tipped my chin up to kiss me. "Shhhh, it's going to be okay. I'm gonna finish this." "Oh no… Edward, please don't go." I hugged him again as if it would make him stay. "Bella, I'm no good for you. I'll just keep putting you in more danger." I started to cry and he leaned down, kissing my tears, drinking them, and then rocked me until I calmed down. "I really have to go. I love you." I stood in my doorway and watched him run over to the caravan. In the quiet of the early morning, I could hear doors sliding, drawers opening and then voices. After a few minutes, he came out with Emmett and they embraced. He didn't come back over to me. He just held up his hand to say goodbye and then took off with a duffle bag over his shoulder. -I~N- The arrival of the police surprised no one. When I was incapable of functioning, Emmett got the word out and it went around the staff village like wildfire. By the time the cops arrived to do random searches, the whole place was clean. Everyone was very lucky, thanks to Edward's tip off. A temporary staff barman was in place by lunchtime. I took one look at him and walked out. I wouldn't believe this was permanent, thinking Edward would soon be back and I could feel alive again. Then Emmett showed me what Edward had left, a half-dozen envelopes labeled with names of staff he owed money to, and there was one with my name on it. I refused it, hoping he'd find out and come back to make me open it. When Rosalie eventually forced me to look inside, I was devastated. There was two-thousand dollars in there and I remembered the off-the-cuff remark he'd made about paying to sleep with me. That's when I broke down and knew I was going to have to find a way to live without him. I lived with the terror that something was going to happen to him. We never heard from him, never received any kind of contact, so he could have been dead within a day of leaving and we would not have known. Time crawled by. The last three months I spent on the island were very different to the first. I went through the motions, thinking about our conversations about goals, surviving on my growing bank balance and trying to look forward to visiting all the places that Edward and I had talked of. I resisted making new friends because I couldn't bare it when people left anymore. Someone was always leaving and they always took a part of the place with them. A dealer finally showed interest in Tanya's paintings and she sold enough to leave. The last time I heard from her, she was heading to New York. She said in a way she felt responsible for what had happened with Edward, but she also said he made his own choices. Rosalie and I cleaned up the caravan and I moved in, sleeping alone in Edward's bed. We often had people gathering there but it was never the same as when the charismatic boy from Chicago held court. Even though he was dangerous and certainly a criminal, he was the heart and soul of the place. Show the author some support by leaving a review. Remember, this is an anonymous contest. Hinting or guessing the author's identity will lead to immediate disqualification, so please remember this before leaving a review. Public voting begins February 17th and ends March 1st. Results will be announced on March 15th. Follow us on FB, Twitter, or our blog.