the men. Everyone started to laugh at the joke, as the man who must have been Jacob punched him in gut. I awkwardly stared at the table in front of me, hoping not to catch anyone's attention. "Hey, is this her?" said one of them, obviously gesturing towards me. My hopes of playing wallflower fell through. Seth nudged me with a smirk, probably wanting me to introduce myself, but I made no attempt. "Guys, this is Raegan, Emily's niece and my cousin. Raegan, this is the…group." Seth said, giggling at another inside joke. Emily put on her oven mitts and the guys all took a seat around the table. My face still refused to meet any of theirs, and I decided that perhaps Emily would want my help. I got up from the table and headed towards her. "A-Aunt E-Emily? Do you need any h-help?" I asked anxiously. Surprised, she looked at me with wide eyes. "Yeah! Thanks for asking. The guys rarely ever ask if I need anything." She replied. She instructed me to stir the pasta and sauce, and keep careful watch and take an occasional taste. " Rarely ask if she needs anything? If this were my house, I would make all of them help." I thought, but didn't raise my voice about it. As she started to cut up pieces of kitchen and put 4 whole loaves of garlic bread in the oven, I cleared my throat. "A-Aunt Emily?" I asked quietly. She immediately turned around, nodding her head. "C-Can I ask a q-question?" "You just did." "O-Oh, sorry…" "I'm just kidding, Rae. Go on." "W-What was it that you and my m-mom argued about that time?" Emily automatically stopped cutting the chicken. "Y-You know, it's okay. Never mind." I mumbled. She shook her head. "No, no, I'm sort of surprised you remember, is all. It's okay. Um, it was just a little argument that completely blew out of proportion. Just something I thought I saw." She explained, waving it off. That caught my interest. "T-Thought you saw? What did you see?" I asked. "You know, I was probably just misunderstanding. I really don't think it was a big deal." "P-Please? I'm sorry I'm being so persistent. It's just been something I've been curious about." "I…I thought maybe Jesse, your mother's boyfriend, was being a little inappropriate…with you. Like I said, it was nothing." She said, continuing to wave it off. I froze. Was there a possibility she knew? "W-What do you mean by i-inappropriate?" I asked. She practically whipped around, her mouth in a tight line and her eyebrows furrowed. "He never was, was he? He never…touched you…or anything, right?" she asked hurriedly. I shook my head no, despite the fact that my every thought was to say 'Yes, yes he did!' "N-No. He never did anything." I whispered. She continued to stare at me, looking like she didn't really believe what I told her, but eventually turned around and finished what she was doing. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX Emily and I finally finished cooking, and we began to set the food on the table. I didn't really understand why we made so much, I mean I know she had quite a few guests, and they were male, but surely they couldn't eat THIS much. I finally sat down, and everyone started to serve themselves. I realized there were girls sitting next to a few of the guys who came in. Probably girlfriends or wives. I wasn't very hungry after the discussion with Emily, so I just grabbed a small plate of pasta. "Is that all you're going to eat?" said a girl with a permanent scowl across her face. I immediately looked down into my lap and nodded. "What are you, anorexic or something? Come on, I'm sure you want more than that, don't you?" the girl said with fake concern. Seth glared at her, whispering a 'knock it off'. That familiar feeling of being a burden crept up again, and I felt multiple pairs of eyes on me. "M-May I be excused?" I asked quietly. Emily nodded, pity in her eyes. I practically ran to the bathroom. Locking the door behind me, I threw some water on my face and gazed at my reflection in the mirror. Blue green eyes that kind of looked like a cloudy day, pasty white skin with freckles underneath my eyes, dark, uncontrollably wavy hair that washed out my skin tone even more is what I saw staring back at me. I remember once when my mom was particularly drunk, she said I looked just like my father. That was about all she ever said about him. Suddenly, I heard a knock at the door, and I just about jumped out of my skin. "Hey, you okay in there? Emily wanted me to go and check on you." Said a gruff, deep voice. I nodded, not realizing he couldn't see me, and I opened the bathroom door. I'm not exactly sure what happened next. I don't know if he was leaning against the door and I yanked too hard, or I stumbled, but I crashed right into the large, burly figure that towered over my 5'3" frame, and down I went. "Whoa, are you-" he started. The next thing I know, he's staring straight into my eyes, a look of admiration and love on his face. I immediately cut off eye contact, but he continued to stare at me with that creepy look on his face. I even waved a hand gently in front of his eyes, and he didn't even blink. Just as soon as the look came across his face, an expression of anger and frustration appeared, and without even a second glance, he stormed down the hallway. I quickly gathered myself to my feet, where I heard the front door slam, and made my way back to the kitchen. Everyone stared at me curiously, as Emily gazed at me with a tickled smile. What the hell just happened?