It took everything in me not to gasp and break my passive pose, even though my tears gave away how emotional I actually was. He had grown more mature since I had last seen him, laugh lines were beginning to show and his hair was showing more gray than mine did. His eyes, although they still held the twinkle of mischief from our youth, softened and his expression changed from nervous to hopeful. I noticed that his eyes were appraising me just as mine had him and I could tell both of us were checking to see if the outward changes had really changed anything between us. I could still feel the electric charge between the two of us. No, not everything had changed. His eyes filled with tears and I felt my lips curve into a smile, which was quickly matched with one of his own. He let out a deep breath and shook his head as if he couldn't believe he was here, sitting across from me after all of this time. My tears began to fall as he continued to look at me as though no time had passed since we were last together. I let out a shuddering sigh before I broke character entirely and reached across the table towards him. He chuckled slightly at my change in demeanor before grasping my hands in his own, the electric charge becoming more and more evident. "It has been so long," he whispered softly. "You haven't changed one bit. You are still as beautiful as you were the day I met you." I let out a soft sigh. "I have missed you, Bella. I hope you know that." He gave my hands a squeeze, both of us ignoring the sound of cheering around us. He kept his eyes on mine. My eyes flickered away from his briefly to make eye contact with the only two men who knew about him. Cauis and Aro looked positively giddy at this new development, their hands clasped tightly as though they were watching the conclusion of the greatest romance movie ever created. If only real life was that easy. I knew they had something to do with this and I was determined to find out why they thought meddling in my life was a genius idea. Artists, I sighed internally, always looking for the chance to create the perfect picture. "Edward," I breathed and watched as he gave me another breathtaking smile. I knew that this one word was all he wanted to hear as he let out a shaky breath. Age had not changed his effect on me. However, when I spoke, I realized how many rules I had broken the moment I saw him. I had to focus on the exhibition and not the man who I knew was the great love of my life and the greatest sacrifice I had ever made. I had hurt us both beyond imagining and his presence was baffling. I never thought I would see him again. I slowly pulled my hands away from him, allowing them to return to my lap. I gave him a soft look that expressed my emotions when I could not express them vocally while also showing him that I needed to distance myself once more from him. I watched him stand without breaking eye contact and then turned to return to the audience. With one last shuddering breath, I let my eyes close one last time. I often thought of our relationship. The way I broke his heart was still raw for me. Some of my friends told me that it would get easier with age and that one day it would be hard to remember what or rather who ended our relationship. But for me, at least, the break up with just as raw as it had been the day I had done it. Time had not healed the wounds for me. Even though, back then, he was just Edward Cullen and I was just Bella Swan. I was an aspiring artist, following the new performing art movement, and he was a new and upcoming author. Back then, things were simple until they weren't anymore. A/N: This story is based on something that actually occurred in 2010. Bella is loosely based on the famous artist Marina Abramovic, who is known as the grandmother of performance art. The dangerous exhibition Bella depicts is one that Marina actually did during the 1970s. She has stated about the experience: "What I learned was that… if you leave it up to the audience, they can kill you… I felt really violated: they cut up my clothes, stuck rose thorns in my stomach, one person aimed the gun at my head, and another took it away. It created an aggressive atmosphere. After exactly six hours, as planned, I stood up and started walking toward the audience. Everyone ran away to escape an actual confrontation." This exhibition is called "Rhythm 0" and you can actually look at the images of her being manipulated by the audience. It is disturbing to say the least. During the opening of her exhibition "The Author is Present", Marina was surprised by an old boyfriend by the name of Ulay. When she opened her eyes, she had anticipated seeing another stranger and was caught off guard to see a man who she had not seen for over thirty years. The video of the meeting is available on youTube. After viewing the video, I knew I had to write about what I pictured their story had been and what I hoped it would be. The deeply emotional and beautiful scene was captivating and I hope I did it justice. In the end Marina and Ulay will probably never bridge the gap between friends and lovers again but that is their story. This is Bella and Edward's. Next chapter: January 1, 1971 in Forks, Washington — three years before the dangerous exhibition Bella mentioned and thirty-four years before this chapter.