out of her drive and jerking erratically all over the road. Edward made one last phone call. "She's headed your way," he said. "Driving like a crazy person. I saw her shooting up through the window." "I'll cut her off before she makes it to the highway," Charlie Swan said. "Thanks, kid." "No problem." Charlie cleared his throat. "Hey, Edward?" "Sir?" "She's been asking for you again." Edward swallowed, emotion choking his throat. "I can't. I can't see her." "Can't say I blame you," Charlie said. "She's not good for you, Edward." Edward raised his eyebrows, his shaking hand reaching for his warm beer. "Sir?" Charlie chuckled. "I've always thought you boys would both turn out like your father. Hell, maybe one of you will. Gods knows the odds are stacked against you. Regardless, I've never given you a fair chance. You came to me once, worried about my little girl. I didn't listen to you then and look where we are now. My baby is in rehab. She's hurting and all she wants is you." Edward drew in a deep breath. "Charlie. Uh, Sir—" "Gotta go," Charlie replied in a rush. The sound of his siren blasted through the cell momentarily before the phone disconnected. Edward stared at the phone, the brightness fading. Blackness enveloped him and he was alone: no excitement, no thrill of the chase. Just him sitting on the side of the road, loving her with his all, hating her with his everything. ~fireflies~ The phone calls began five days later. Twice a day Edward's cell would ring with a New Orleans area code. Edward stared at the number each time the phone rang, the number memorized from the first time she called. He knew the caller was Isabella, knew it because she'd left him messages full of sniffling breaths, soft music playing in the background and the occasional whisperings of affection. At first Edward ignored the messages. But memories of the girl she once was, the potential of the girl she could be, coaxed him into listening to her voice. Gone was the wickedness in her voice, the mocking laughter, the loss of innocence. Her voice was now timid, yearning, quietly begging for him to let her in. Edward answered her three days after the calls began. "Hello?" He heard a sharp intake of breath. "You answered." "I answered." He sat on the edge of his bed, dragging his fingers through his hair. "Are you, I mean, how are you?" Isabella gave a soft laugh. "I'm good. Wait, that's a lie. I'm not good, but I will be. I will be. How are you?" "Miserable," he said, opting for complete honesty. "You scared the shit out of me that night." "I know," she whispered. "You almost died." His voice rose, the neverending anger swelling inside of him. "I'm tired of hurting because of you." Isabella stayed silent for a long time before she spoke again. "The psychiatrist assigned to my case diagnosed me with bipolar disorder and PTSD from when ... Anyway, she says I was using the drugs to self-medicate. When I was low I would smoke or shoot up the meth to pick me up. When I needed to relax I'd smoke some weed to mellow me out." Unable to remain still any longer, Edward stood and paced the room. "Bipolar disorder? Jesus Christ." "I know," she said, releasing a ragged breath. "This is something I'll probably have to deal with for the rest of my life. I'm a mess, Edward. I'm a mess and I'm scared. This diagnosis scares me. I don't want to live my life like this. Why did you save me that night? You shoulda done us both a favor and left me to die." "I saved you because I love you," he replied. "You still loved me after all the things I did to you? I smashed your guitar." Although she couldn't see him, Edward shrugged. "I bought another one." Isabella groaned. "I heard. Daddy told me." "Your dad's a decent guy. We've become pretty good friends." "You have?" she asked. "How did that happen?" Edward laughed, thinking of Rosalie's jail time and her now permanent grounding. "Let's just say he helped me take the trash out one night." "I don't get it," she said. "Hey, Edward?" "Hmm?" "Do you think, I mean, would you possibly be willing to come to one of my therapy sessions? My therapist has heard so much about you. She feels like you'd be a positive influence in my recovery." Edward sat back down on the bed. "Yeah, I guess I could do that. So you're getting cleaned up? Gonna make some changes once you're out of rehab, huh? "Yeah," she said, a whimsical sigh breaking through the phone. "I can't wait to get home and start over fresh. But mostly I can't wait to see you." A car door slammed outside. Edward walked over to the window and parted the blinds, staring at the car in the driveway. "You know we can't be together, right? Not like we were before." "What do you mean?" "A couple," he said, walking out of his bedroom and to the foyer. A timid knock rapped at the door. "We can't see each other in that way again." Edward opened the door, his words caught in his throat. A brown-eyed girl smiled at him, her gaze hesitantly darting past him and into the house. He pushed the door completely open and stepped aside. Isabella's voice barely registered in the background, questioning him, pleading with him, her voice rising and falling between bits of hysteria. "Hello, Edward," Angie whispered, kissing his cheek. The voice on the other end went silent. Angie entered the house and Edward closed the door, glancing down at the screen of his cell. The phone was black, the glow of the screen gone. "Fireflies glow," he whispered, blinking rapidly and pocketing his cell. "You're not glowing now, are you, Firefly? You're not glowing now."