several songs climbing up the billboard top 10 and Twilight became an overnight sensation in the world of music. They had been on a worldwide tour for the past six months. And that was how long it had been since I'd last seen my Edward. His schedule was too packed to allow for a visit, and I couldn't go to him because of college and exams. We'd e-mailed and texted and even Skyped, but it was nothing compared to really being with him in the same place, touching him, kissing him... My reverie was interrupted as his long fingers caught a stray lock of my hair and wound it behind my ear. "You look awfully deep in thought for someone who's just had the most intense orgasm of her life." I laughed lightly at his cocky attitude. "What was that about, by the way? Pretending to be strangers? You're right about the intense part, I'll give you that." He smirked and shrugged. "Just a groupie fantasy of mine, I guess. Thank you for playing along, love." "I was too shocked to think about it, really. And that reminds me, would you like to explain to me, Mr. Masen, what exactly you are doing in Seattle, when I was told that you wouldn't be back in the States until a week from now?" I glared at him. "Well, I wasn't going to miss seeing you on your birthday at any cost, love. I lied about the press conference because I wanted to surprise you. And once I told Alice about my idea, she was immediately on board and promised to bring you here before midnight." "So that's why she was so damn persistent tonight," I realized with a laugh. "I was so sad that I couldn't see you today that I had no intention of going out or celebrating. I just wanted to talk to you as long as possible and spend the rest of the day in bed." "Trust me, I know," he said. "Alice has been calling me every few hours since yesterday, since you told her what you'd decided. I've been informed about every single argument she used to convince you. She said you were being even more stubborn than usual. The last time we talked, she told me she was losing hope that you would change your mind. And for the determined pixie, that sure is something." He widened his eyes in mock surprise. I giggled and nodded, agreeing with him. "I came here straight from the airport over three hours ago. Since I hadn't heard from Alice, I decided to just surprise you at the apartment. I was just about to leave, but then, finally, I got the answer I was hoping for, and here we are." "Yes, here we are. Best surprise ever, baby," I murmured and kissed him again, wanting to make sure that this wasn't just a dream. He kissed me back tenderly, pouring every bit of his love into it as I did the same. "I'll be so glad once you're done with college. We'll see the world together, baby. I don't want to be apart from you for so long ever again." "Mmm." I sighed in agreement and nuzzled his chest. We laid there for a while longer before I realized that our friends must be waiting for us outside. Another thought entered my head, and I snickered. "What's amusing you, Miss Swan?" "Before I came to see you, Alice asked me not to overthink and just go for it. I think they must've realized by now that we did in fact go for it." I giggled again, and Edward laughed with me. "Oh well." I shrugged. "I don't think I could've resisted you anyway, public place or not. I've missed you too much to care about trivial stuff like that." Edward pulled me on top of him and kissed me hard, his tongue invading my mouth. After a minute or so, he pulled back, and I whimpered in protest. "I couldn't have resisted you either, my Bella. But if we have any intention of seeing the rest of them tonight, we've got to stop. Or I won't be able to let you leave this room at all," he said, his eyes blazing with desire. He was right. I reluctantly pulled away from him and stood up. I straightened my dress and tried to tame my hair as best as I could while he collected his wallet and other stuff. And then we left our private little bubble, walking out to meet our friends. We went up to the VIP private room and texted the others to join us there. Soon they all entered, with huge smiles and catcalls, the latter mainly due to Emmett and Jacob. I blushed, but there was nothing that would truly bother me at the moment. I greeted and hugged Jacob, Emily and Sam while Edward did the same with the others. Our large groups settled down in a few minutes. We ordered our drinks and then chatted about anything and everything. Jacob and Sam talked about all the cities they'd toured in with Em and Jazz, while Rose, Alice and Emily were engrossed in a discussion about the latest fashion. Edward and I chimed in occasionally in both conversations, but mostly we just enjoyed being near each other. As I sat there holding Edward's hand, my mind wandered. I would soon be done with college and start working on my childhood dream of becoming an author. I had the love of my life by my side, and hopefully, we would never be apart for long again. We had an amazing group of friends and family who would always be there for us. Our life together was just about to begin. So, all in all, life seemed pretty good. Edward squeezed my hand. He smiled when I looked up and kissed me softly. I smiled back at him and amended my thought. Life was fucking awesome.