children who have died and like to cause mischief. Yakshas - Benevolent nature spirits; they are the guardians of tresures hidden in the earth and the roots of trees. Their ruler is Kubera, who lives on a mountain in the Himalayas. They are deities of cities, districts, lakes, and wells, and are thought to have originated from a cult of the ancient Dravidians. Yann-an-Od - Kindly old shepherd who tends sheep. He might have once been a faerie king. He's rather shy of humans. Yumboes - Located on Goree Island, south of the Cape Verde Peninsula in Senegal, West Africa. They are two feet tall with pearly skin and silver hair. They are also called the "Bakhna Rakhna" which translates to "The Good People." They enjoy dancing and feasting by moonlight and live in magnificent subterranean dwellings in the Paps, groups of hills about three miles from the coast. Guests to their homes report lavishly decorated tables and servants invisible except for their hands and feet. They like to eat fish. Fairy Circles: A look at the mysteries of the Fairy Circles Fairy circles are discs of sandy soil anything from six to 30 feet in diameter. They can only be found along the west coast of the Namibia desert in Southern Africa. There have been many theories to explain the appearance of these mysterious circles but without hard evidence it is currently believed to be the work of "fairies" They have become a popular tourist attraction in the desert Myths and Folklore: Some say that they may only know of the Cherokee Little People but all tribes I would imagine know of these wonderful little magical creatures. Some of them have wings, some are black skins, some white, some golden brown as an American Indian, some speak American Indian and some English. Long hair always flowing and getting in their way has to be tied up or in braid or you will see it draping almost near the ground if not braided or pulled up. The little people do not like to be bothered. They love to spend their time playing and dancing and singing songs of joy. They are big believers in what some of you call Karma. To them it is a flat out way of life. Do bad unto someone or something and you will get it back. Do good and you will receive goodness. They are protectors of the mother earth so watch out. As the story goes that if you lost something in the wood it is theirs. If you find it again and do not ask for it then they will throw rock at you and trip you terribly until you barely make out of the woods. I like to think that is their way of saying do not litter around our home as it is ours. There are three groups of Little People, the Dogwood People, the Laurel People and the Rock People. In American Indian beliefs, we believe in Spirits somewhat like some of you believe in Angels. We believe that all things contain spirits and are connected to the Earth and the Great One, so even an Angel is a Spirit. There are good Spirits and bad ones. There are Plant Spirits, Tree Spirits and Rock People, all very real and containing life, so keep watching in the trees and the flowers and you will see. Also have you ever had a rock talk to you and say please pick me up... Well you see... The Dogwood is a very beautiful tree. The Dogwood People are the ones that are the good ones always doing goodness, the Laurel People are the ones that play tricks and are very mischievous, they are humorous and very playful. Have you ever heard a child or a person laughing in their sleep well that is the Laurel People doing it. Now the Rock People they are ones to watch out for. They are mean and they get even on people. So they would be the ones that throw rocks at you and trip you. You can count on many other things like a child getting lost in the woods or even you! Some stories have even said that they steal children. I have not heard of that many times but I have read a story or two about it. So if you are off to the woods now that generations have passed I would advise you to be especially good in the woods and even take a gift to leave there as you do surely want to make it back. Since Mother Earth is in such trouble that the woods are dwindling and there are some angry little people, I think it important that if you are in the USA that you show some sort of respect for the Earth while there. American Indians believe that if you take something from the earth you should always replace it with something. Never take more than you need. You are sure not to anger the Little People this way... I hope you enjoyed my story about the American Indian Little People and I am sure you can find some stories on the web about them. One of my favorite is of the Deer Women. You need to watch out for her! Please allow into your heart the Little People and remember that it is the years of 2000's and you may not see a little person with feathers on them and lots of leather although some still dress traditional. I bet if you allow in your heart and soul you will see those little people you never knew where, but they are there and join in on their magic and goodness with them and sing songs in your heart. Kia Ann of the Dogwood Clan is Praying for you to know her and the Petal Party had began in Land of the American Indian Little People. I'll get working on this right away...maybe Love ya Babybells231