back in touch with me before today, but I didn't really expect him to. He made his feelings very clear. I brush away the tears rolling down my cheeks — tears for myself and for my baby. When the nurse comes back, she has me lie down while she starts prepping my arm for the IV. Before she can put the needle in, we hear some sort of commotion in the building, with loud voices. "Sir," I hear a muffled voice say. "You can't go back there, sir." The door to my room bursts open and I sit up, crossing my arms in front of myself. And then I stare at the crazed-looking Edward in the doorway. I'm not sure he's shaved — or slept — since I last saw him. A security guard rushes into the room, grabbing him by the arms as Edward tries to fight him off. "I just need to talk to her," he growls. "Do you know this man?" the guard asks. I nod slowly, still in shock. "Ms. Swan," the nurse begins, "Do you want to talk to him? Or I can have security throw him out. It's up to you." I stare into her kind eyes, my own filling with fresh tears. "I have to know what he wants," I whisper to her. The look she gives me in return tells me that she understands exactly who this is. "Let him go," the nurse directs. "We'll wait right outside," she assures me. "Call if you need us." As soon as the door closes behind them, Edward begins pacing across the room, tearing at his hair. Finally he stops in front of me, grasping the hair on the back of his head with two hands and squeezing his eyes shut. "Swear it's mine." I stare at him in shock for a moment before whispering, "I swear." "I mean it. Swear on your life." "I swear to you, Edward," I plead. "It can't be anyone else's. I've never been with anyone else. You know that's true... you know I was a virgin." His tormented green eyes finally open as he stares down at me, breathing heavily. "Am I too late?" he asks quietly. "No... the nurse was just about to start..." "Don't do it. Please, Bella," he begs desperately. "Don't go through with it." "Edward—" He tears at his hair again, then stares at me with a determined look. "When my mom got pregnant with me, my dad was already married — to someone else. He rejected her and told her to get an abortion. But she refused. She had me by herself, and it was hard, we didn't have a lot of money when I was growing up, but she did it. If my mom had listened to that man, if she'd taken the easy way out, I wouldn't be here." I shake my head, tears beginning to fall. "I just started college this week, Edward. I'm here on a scholarship. The only health insurance I have is my dad's and he will freak out if I use that and he finds out I'm pregnant. I can't pay for this pregnancy on my own," I sob. "I don't want to have to drop out of school. I—" "Do you think I'm asking you to have the baby by yourself?" he asks incredulously. "But Tuesday you said—" "I know what I said," he growls, tearing at his hair again. "I've never met my own father, Bella. I don't even know what he looks like, since my mom burned any photos she had of him. The thought of my child being out there somewhere in the world not knowing me..." He shakes his head. "I could never do that." "So you'd help me?" I ask quietly, a flicker of hope beginning to bloom. "I'm not rich by any means, but I have enough money to take care of you." "But I'm only a college freshman," I cry. "I want to stay in school, but I'd need daycare, and, and..." "We don't have to figure everything out right this minute, Bella!" he yells. He tears at his hair yet again, then steps closer to where I'm sitting, taking hold of my hands. "I don't know what I'm doing any more than you do, okay? But we have time to figure it out. Pregnancies take nine months, right?" "There's only six months left," I whisper. "Plenty of time," he shrugs with a half-hearted wink. "If things were different... would you want the baby?" "If I were out of school and established in my career... yeah," I admit. "I mean, I've always wanted kids... one day. It's just not the best timing." "I'm sorry," he says quietly. "For how I reacted last time. And for... getting you pregnant," he mumbles, staring down at his feet. "I always use a condom, but from the beginning, you seemed so different from the girls who usually throw themselves at me. And then I pretty much deduced that you were a virgin." "I also was a virgin who wasn't on the pill." "Why didn't you stop me then?" he asks curiously. "I guess... I just got carried away. It didn't even occur to me until after I got home. Stupid, I know." He gives me a small smile. "I got carried away, too. Believe it or not, I didn't bring you back to our bus to have sex." I look up at him skeptically and he chuckles. "Really, I didn't." He sighs loudly. "It took two of us to get into this mess, and it'll be the two of us from here on out, okay? You don't have to do this alone." "P-promise?" I ask, my bottom lip trembling. "I promise," he vows, wrapping his arms around me and hugging me tightly. I didn't realize how much I'd missed feeling his arms around me. He kisses my cheek as he pulls back. "So we're gonna have a baby?" "We're gonna have a baby."