my roaming hands with a sexy smirk on his face, knowing exactly what I had intended to do. With my hands pinned to the bed in one of his, I could do nothing but watch and feel as he licked his way from my mouth to my breast, flicking his tongue relentlessly over my already sensitive nipple. When it was hard and elongated from his sensuous touch, he switched his attentions to the other side, repeating the process until both nipples were erect, sending frissons of electricity throughout my body, down to my aching clitoris. I thrashed my head to the side, unable to relieve the tension I was feeling in any other way, while my hands were still bound by his. With his one free hand, Edward stroked down between my legs, trailing his fingers through the soft strip of hair that had been left after my waxing. "I forgot to say last night just how much I like this," he said, tugging on my hairs slightly as he did so. I felt uncomfortable discussing this, worried I would blurt out that I had got it done for him. So, I said nothing, reddening again as I seemed prone to do when his attention was fixated on me. Suddenly his hand moved lower, effectively distracting me from all other thoughts. I moaned as his finger slid against me. I was still slick and he easily inserted two fingers inside me, stroking the wall of my vagina while stimulating my clit with his thumb. My fingernails dug into the hand that restrained mine as I curled them into fists. The feeling of his hand inside me was relentless and exquisite, drawing whimpers and moans from me with every stroke. I began to beg. Beg for more. Or less. I didn't know. I just knew that I couldn't deal with the teasing sensation of Edward's hands on me, not quite letting me climax, but holding me there, just at the edge. "Please, please, let me come. Please Edward stop. Just please…" He continued for a second more before withdrawing his hands from my pussy and my wrists, swiftly sheathing himself in another condom. Sitting up against the headboard, he pulled me onto his lap, kneeling over him. He positioned himself, teasing me yet again, this time with the tip of his cock. Unable to take it anymore I plunged myself down onto him, yells escaping both of us at my sudden movement. Within seconds I had to shift myself upwards slightly, not being able to take him that deep. He held my face in his hands, kissing me sweetly as he looked into my eyes. I gripped the headboard behind him and experimentally moved up and down, relishing the tight, deep feeling of him inside me. This act was intimate, there was no escaping him. I couldn't help but close my eyes, feeling too exposed as we moved together, eyes locked. I felt Edward lightly run his fingertips over my closed eyelids before kissing each one. "Don't hide from me again Bella. I need you to look at me." I did as I was bid, embracing the closeness I felt between us at that point. Edward groaned as I drew myself up to the tip of his cock, before plunging back down over and over. I felt myself quicken at the repeated movements, the friction created between my clitoris and his body causing me to build more quickly than I had on previous occasions. Combined with the prolonged teasing Edward had subjected me too, I knew that I was not going to last very long and judging by the moans and more feverish thrusts of his hips, he was not going to either. Gripping my hips Edward moved me at the pace he needed until finally, I shattered, crying out loudly as I convulsed around him, milking every last drop as he came. I clung around his neck, my breathing ragged from my second orgasm that night. Edward nestled his head in my neck, his breaths coming as heavy as mine. Finally our chests stopped heaving and Edward eased me off his lap, lying me down next to him. I briefly closed my eyes, exhausted. When I opened them, Edward was settling in next to me. Pulling the bedspread over us, he held me against his chest, nuzzling my hair. "Goodnight beautiful Bella." He soon drifted off and as I lay awake in his arms, I thought back over the Edward shaped roller coaster of the last few days. He was the boy I had a crush on throughout school. He was the rockstar in a band. He was the man who I gave my virginity too. I had known this was not too be a long term relationship and I was content, at peace with that. What I had experienced with him was precious and my first sexual experience had been perfect, with the perfect man, not something many people can say. I knew we would be saying goodbye in the morning and although I could not say I was looking forward to it, I knew it was the best course of action. I had too much in Forks to leaveand he had too much with college and his band to stay. As I had hoped, our goodbye was as easy and natural as everything else that had occurred between us. "Enjoy the rest of your tour, carry on amazing all those screaming female fans," I teased. "On you know they can't resist me," he replied in kind. "You're an amazing girl Bella, make sure whichever lucky guy you date next appreciates you." As was his habit, he tugged me to him by the hand and enveloped me in his body, kissing me gently as he did so. I blushed at his words, kissing him back as I reciprocated his hug. "Thank you for an awesome weekend Edward Cullen. And you know, when you're next in town, call me, maybe?"