needed. With one glance in Edward's direction, I nearly fainted. My brown eyes became wide, hot blood filling the apples of my cheeks. I was sure I resembled a cherry tomato by now. "Holy crow." "Bella…," Edward began. "-No," I cut him off, pushing on his chest. He backed up, although didn't give me much room to remove myself from the couch and shimmy around him. I was now standing beside the coffee table, holding onto the edge of it for balance. "If that was some kind of joke-" I cut myself off. "Holy crow, holy crow. I'm such a fool. I can't believe I let you-" I was cut off once more by Edward's lips. This time, the kiss was gentle, causing my knees to waiver. I held onto the table to keep myself upright. Finally, I gained the courage to push him back. "Bella, let me finish," Edward demanded, his voice remaining gentle. "I'm sorry. I know I've been so cruel to you. But, seeing you hurt in the kitchen, I don't know, I just… I have no words. I have never seen you like this." "Edward, I've always liked you. I've never had to realize it," I let out, my voice nothing more than a light whisper, though my tone was bitter. "You've never liked me, and then had some miraculous realization in the kitchen? What a joke." Edward's face fell, surprising me. He had always been good at masking his emotions- a trait he had gained from being the resident playboy at school. "Bella, just… give me a chance. Let me prove you wrong. This isn't a joke." "This can't be happening. What about your blonde bimbo?" My voice was harsh as I weaved my arms across my chest. Where on Earth was Alice? Edward did not remove his hands from my face. Instead, he smiled his infamous crooked smile. "I broke up with her after school. Emmett wouldn't let her in his Jeep either… and she over reacted and slapped him. I thought Rose was going to lose it! I realized than why she was with me." My eyes found his. I didn't speak, just merely raised my eyebrow in question. "She didn't care about me or my family, Bella. She cared about my status. Making herself the popular girl. No one treats my brother like that except me." I had the urge to laugh, but I kept it in. Instead, I squared my shoulders, looking Edward straight in the eyes- and hoping I didn't lose my balance. "And what reassures me that you won't do the same to me?" He glanced down for a moment, contemplating his next few words. Finally, he stated, "Bella, I've never seen anyone the way I see you… I'm not good with this mushy bullshit, it's just… difficult to explain." He sighed, the sound exasperated. "Edward," I felt myself sigh, "I'm not ready to be hurt by you again. Besides, what will people say? I'm not skinny enough, or pretty enough, or blonde enough. I don't even measure up to who you've been with. I don't care about what people think of me, but you? You live off your reputation." Edward visibly winced. I had seen more emotion in the last five minutes from Edward Cullen than I had seen in the past three years. He wasn't used to be rejected …. He took my face into his hands, gently cupping both of my cheeks. I was forced to look into his delicate green irises as he spoke to me, causing my reddened face to become hotter, if that were even possible. He emitted a sigh, breath fanning my face. He smelt of peppermint and some exotic spice. It was nice. "Bella, I don't care about my reputation. High school is weeks from being over- I won't have a reputation after that. And you're beautiful. I've always thought that. Why do you think Lauren disliked you so much? I'm sure she's caught me looking at you more than once. Besides-" his lips pulled into a crooked smile, "I prefer brunettes." My gaze me his once more. Before I could answer him, I felt his lips press against mine once more, pleading with me. This kiss was more gentle than the previous, and I felt my arms move so I could wrap my hands around the back of his neck. I could feel everything- his chest rise and fall, his skin pressed against mine, the ends of his hair tickling my forehead. Finally, I pulled back. "I never thought I'd see the day where Edward Cullen would beg." Edward seemed taken aback for a moment, before his features broke and he was laughing. I soon laughed along, not knowing what the hell I was getting myself into. This time, I pressed my lips to his, relishing in his comfort. "DOES EVERYONE ELSE SEE WHAT I'M SEEING!?" The booming voice caused me to break away from Edward. My head shifted towards the stairs, where Alice, Jasper, Rosalie and Emmett were lined up in a row, all staring at the two of us with incredulous looks etched upon their faces. I suddenly realized the compromising position Edward and I were in, and felt a rush of panics. I do believe my cheeks could have cooked an egg, had I tried. "Edward, if this is your fault-" Alice began, the threat clear in her tone. "Alice!" I interrupted. "It's okay. That one was my fault." Alice's jaw fell open. "Who are you, and what have you done with Bella?" I felt my cheeks pull back into a smile. "I'm not sure who this Bella is, but she sounds like a fool." And, feeling more adventurous than I ever had in my entire life, I pulled Edward into a kiss before everyone. Our Bella has some spirit! Well, I hope you guys enjoy this as much as I enjoyed writing it. And, Cheshire15, I hope this is what you were looking for! -Taylor Tonks