like the adults. Except when we used to play ponies when I was younger – even then I looked like an idiot – I had never considered my arms as a way of walking. Was I actually using four legs now? Were people watching the crazy high chick acting like a weirdo? " Enough. You Are Not High. Realise That Now Leah ." Sam commanded. It wasn't a statement; it was a command . The confused fog that had draped my mind since the pain started was blown away by the explosion of truth. I wasn't high. Sam wasn't imaginary. I was a mutant freak wolf thing. I was a freak. I was a freak. I was a freak. We were all freaks of nature, destined to have our lives ripped apart by the presence of vampires. They were our enemies and we had to protect La Push from their ways. We were the protectors. It was our tribal honor. The stories were legends but not myths. Everything taught to us by the elders was true. Walking on four paws may have been natural, but staying upright was still too much to handle. The memories were still coming thick and fast and it was hard trying to concentrate on them let alone the new thoughts that were arriving with every pounding second the rest of the pack drew closer. I stumbled to the edge of the road before giving in. Stray gravel sliced into my shoulder. Sam paced around the road, making sure no one would drive upon the scene and began to painstakingly drag some of the larger pieces of my car into the tree line I was laying just out of. We were coming to help me understand and to help me change back. It would be hard but we had to try. No one could see us as a wolf. We didn't understand why I had phased but it had happened and Leah was our sister now. She was us. 'I am not!' I growled at the approaching boys. They stumbled in their thoughts for a moment, considering my venomous tone and whether I had actually calmed down from the phase. One smartarse took it a step further. 'Maybe its PMS.' It was a brief thought but it was enough to set me over the edge. Always with the stupid, blinded male assumptions. I'll give you PMS. I shoved the onslaught of memories away and focused only on the anger that was bubbling to the surface. They were going to be doused in it. Jared was the first to arrive but had the intelligence to avoid the circumference of my rage. 'Wasn't me.' He shrugged before heading straight to help Sam, who was trying to diplomatically ignore the situation and focused on preventing discovery of my mishap. I painstakingly urged my legs up again and imagined myself pulling wolfy limb from wolfy limb as the rest drew closer. Jacob was amused by my vivid imaginings, the rest were concerned for my psychological wellbeing. 'How would your psychological wellbeing be doing if you just turned into a freaking wolf and learnt things about boys you never wanted to know?' 'How would yours being doing if you just found out what pashing Sam was like? ' Jacob snapped back. 'Jump off a cliff.' 'Ladies first.' I knew he had me there but there was no way I would openly admit that. Paul chuckled at my defeat. That didn't help things. 'Just because you can get into my head Paul, doesn't mean you should.' 'Dangerous, dangerous place. ' Agreed Embry. ' I mean what kind of person would have the hots for a fictional character?' 'Stay out of it, small fry.' I snarled at him. Now that I knew the insecurities of every pack member it was all too easy to use it against them. No-one would look too closely at me when they were bundled up in themselves. ' Looks like Paul's temper has a contender.' Someone said in awe. 'Being insulted by you is one thing but seeing how you mind comes up with them is so weird. Do you always think like that?' 'My temper's not that bad but PMS and a bitch, there's bad mix.' It was the infamous Paul. He was the smartarse but come to think of it they were all just a bunch of childish losers. I didn't know who to tackle first so I just sprinted in the general direction of the others planning to bite whatever I saw. No-one should be allowed in my head. They were my thoughts. Mine! Forest rushed past me and I brushed off Sam's requests for me to come back. There was going to be hell to pay. Then I ran into a tree. Four hours later I staggered through the door of home and collapsed onto the couch, fighting the tears that shock had held back before. My head hurt. My stomach hurt. My skin hurt. My eyes hurt. My car had been destroyed, I had to stay in La Push, Sam could read my thoughts and I was part of a bit mutant wolf family. At least those boys had no hope in out running me. I was too fast at running. "Tough day?" Mom called from her room. It was hard speaking aloud again but I forced the words out. "You have no idea." She sighed and I heard her speaking softly into the phone. Being a wolf must have its sensory advantages. "Yes Harry, it was Leah. She is still acting down. No, no, stay with Charlie. Ah huh. It's just a phase. She'll get over it soon enough." Just a phase indeed. A/N: Hi all. I'm just posting this up to see if there is any interest. I have a few chapters already written. So, review and let me know if you are interested in seeing this story continue. Thanks! A/N 2: I've made a couple of edits to the original