from his proposal, but from the life that had been forming in my stomach. "For giving me the best birthday. And let us know that you want to be with us." I said stroking my still flat stomach. 3 months a life has been forming inside me. While we were both excited, we were also nervous and concerned about the problems that we will have to face. How our parents will react? Our friends? And our biggest concern was what am I going to do after graduation. Go off to school and allow Black Cloud and our baby to come with me, or stay and not even bother going to school. "Hey? Don't worry. I love you, you love me. And I definetly love peanut. I will support us and you will go to school." He said turning his head to me and took both my hands in his as we stopped at a red light and waited. "I believe. Where are we going?" I asked as I looked around the empty street. "It's a surprise. But you're going to love it." He said flashing me a smile but it quickly disappeared when another car hit the back of us with enough force to knock us into the middle of the intersection. The glass shattered around us startling the both of us. I could feel blood trickle down the side of my face but my main concern was peanut and I'm guessing that Black Cloud just as concern as I am because he quickly took off his seatbelt and put one hand on my stomach and the other on my head. "We're ok. I think we're ok." I said shakely. I took off my seatbelt and was about to get the truck but Black Cloud's hands stopped me. He quickly pulled me into his body and held me tightly as another truck speed through the intersection and completely through Black Cloud's truck knocking the both of us unconscious. *Back to current time* "Leah, it's time to wake up. You have to go." Black Cloud said interrupting my thoughts. Wake up? I'm not sleep. I laid my head up. "What do you mean? I don't have anything to do." I said confused. Today was the only day in a long time that we had found to be able to just lay and relaxe together. "You do. You have to wake up. You can't stay here anymore." He said sitting up holding my hands. "What the hell are you talking about? I am awake. I'm looking right at you. Why are you talking like that?" I asked pulling away from him. "Leah, you have to wake up. You're alseep right now." He said as the winds picked up causing my hair to whip around in the wind and in my face. The sky went from clear to dark. "Black Cloud you're scaring me. Whatever you're doing stop, I don't like it." I said as I watched the sky got darker and the wind got even stronger. I stood up and watch as the world around me began to fall apart. "Leah. You're in a coma. That accident the night of your birthday. The second car. It killed me. I died on impacted protecting you. You have to wake up now. Me and Jamie will watch over you. But you have to wake up now." He said standing holding a little boy that was a few months old. The little boy, Jamie as Black Cloud had called him, looked of a perfect cross between me and Black Cloud. Petrified I looked down at my flat stomach. I quickly put both my hands on my stomach and felt around. I didn't feel any movement or fluttering or anything. I should eight months by now. My stomach shouldn't be flat. I looked back at them. Tears ran down my face. "I don't understand. Why is this happening? The accident, it didn't kill us baby. We're ok. We're all ok. We're all supposed to be ok. You told me you wouldn't leave me!" I yelled with tears streaming down my face. Slowly they began to fade to dust and blow away in the wind. "Leah. Wake up baby. We'll wait for you. Whenever you're ready. We'll be right here for you." Black Cloud said as they finally fade completely away. I tried to run and grasp him but I only managed to grasp air. "Black Cloud! Jamie! Come back!" I screamed over and over. The wind became strong and blinding. Everything was shaking and tearing down into pieces before dissolving away in the winds. I dropped to my knees and held my head. "Please come back." I whispered to myself. Everything froze. There was no more sound. Just silence. There was no color. Just white. "Leah?" I heard someone say. I knew that voice. Slowly I opened my eyes to be blinded by a bright light in my face. "Leah you're up." Seth said squeezing my hand. He had tears running down his face. I took in my surrounding. A hospital. "Where's Black Cloud?" I asked with a horse voice when both my parents and a doctor walked in. Everyone looked sympathic towards me. This can't be happening. I looked down at my stomach. It was flat. No movements or fluttering. No warm feeling. No, Black Cloud was lying. Both of them couldn't have died. This is a joke. "Leah, died from the impact of the second car hitting you." My mom said moving closer to me holding both my hands. Hearing those words shattered the remaining bits of my world. I felt everything fall to black again. AN: So that concludes 'See You Again' and I am terribly sorry that it took my so long to update SWID or another story but I am in the works of a couple new sotries and new chapters for SWID. So check it out if you haven't and remember to review this leaving your comments and thoughts. -Baddest_Shewolf