campus in heavy silence. I wanted to cry. I took big inhales and blinked a few times to erase all evidence of my sorrow. When we got back to the school, and we made our way to the dorm I lived in, he finally looked at me. I tore my eyes away, keeping them low so he couldn't see the sadness in my eyes. I couldn't look at him anymore. It hurt too much. "Bye," he said in a flat tone. I opened the door and muttered a "good night" before going in, leaving him on the other side, feeling a wrenching tear through my chest. -Mystery-Guy- It was a week later, and the weather was warm again. I went to sit by a tree on the great lawn, with a new English lit book. I trained my eyes ahead, not glancing to the side, toward that bench where I had laid my eyes on him for the first time, because just thinking about it made my stomach churn with regret and my heart ache with deception. I drowned myself in the world of Jane Austen, forgetting about this mystery boy I had crushed on and who had rejected me. A shadow obstructed the sun and I raised my eyes to see Tony watching me, standing tall in front of me. He looked sullen again and his gaze on me was intense. I couldn't tear my eyes away. We just stared at each other in silence. I wondered if he could feel the electricity sizzle in the air. "Can I sit down?" He finally said, his voice not as confident as usual. I nodded nervously, everything but my heart was screaming for me to get away from him. He sat next to me and my heartbeat became noticeably stronger. I peeked his way, biting my lower lip with apprehension. His emerald gaze was deep and piercing. "I forgot to say thank you the other day." He said at last. I glanced his way and my gaze got caught in his. I was captivated by its splendor. He licked his lips, about to say something, when a girl approached us on the lawn. "Hey Tony, can I have a bag?" His all demeanor changed as he looked up at her. "I'm not working right now," he explained shortly before dismissing her. She looked taken by surprise and swiftly turned away. He peeked my way, his hand weaving through his tangled hair. "See, I'm not good." I didn't respond, not sure what I could say to that, and waited for him to talk again. The silence lasted a while, me staring at my hands, him scanning the surrounding, lost in his thoughts. "My parents died because of me," He said lowly. My chest twisted painfully. I looked at him with so many questions in my head. I wondered if he could really be that bad to have killed his parents. I didn't make another move as I waited for him to continue. "I was sixteen and I had sneaked out of the house, taking their car without permission. I had an accident that night but didn't tell them about it later on. I was just relieved that there were no scratches on the car. The next day, when my parents took the car to go to work, something in the car was messed up and they lost control of the car. It derailed and they crashed." He halted there, the last word cutting through the silence. I grabbed his hand and squeezed firmly, trying to convey my grief and support. "That's horrible. I'm so sorry." He pulled his hand from my hold and tug at his hair tensely. "If I hadn't sneaked the car out, they would still be alive." He hissed, looking at me fiercely. I noticed how his eyes shimmered with unshed tears. My heart squeezed and twisted with sorrow. I hated seeing him like this. I shuffled to my knees and cradled his head in my hands, meeting his gaze. "You were a teenager, Tony. You sneaked out of the house, like any other teenager does. What happened afterwards is horrible and sad. But it's not your fault, sweetheart. You couldn't know that the car was broken. There was nothing you could do." A single tear rolled down his cheek and I leaned forward, kissing it away. When I pulled back, he was looking at me with dark eyes. "You're too pure to care about me," he whispered softly. "But I really, really care about you," I answered back, my voice just a rasp. A hint of a smile graced his face, and one of his hands came up to caress my cheek, his thumb brushing my lips, as his eyes looked at me with so much tenderness. I smiled. "Tony," I started saying but he cut me off, shaking his head. "Call me Edward, please." He pled. And when I looked at him inquisitively, he explained. "My parents always called me Edward." My chest swelled. I was surprised with the amount of love I already felt for him. "Oh Edward," I professed. Before I could say anything else, his lips crashed against mine so tenderly and yet so strongly. My hands flew to his hair, tugging tightly as I felt sparkles spread throughout my whole body. His taste mingled with mine in the sweetest, most beautiful way possible. The only truths I knew at this moment were that he was a lot more noble than he gave himself credit, that he had a huge heart underneath it all, and that I was unconditionally and irrevocably falling in love with him. Show the author some support by leaving a review. Remember, this is an anonymous contest. Hinting or guessing the author's identity will lead to immediate disqualification, so please remember this before leaving a review. Public voting begins February 17th and ends March 1st. Results will be announced on March 15th. Follow us on FB, Twitter, or our blog.