end. "So," Bella leaned coyly against her truck and Edward leaned one hand on her car and balanced his weight. "So," he repeated, taking in her truck, "Is this thing safe?" He said this in a teasing tone, but he actually was a bit concerned. Bella hit his stomach lightly with the back of her hand, "Don't dis my truck, we've been through a lot together." Edward laughed and leaned in closer, "Oh really, like what?" Bella tried to appear unaffected by his close proximity as she thought, "Um, well, it was my first car." She started but stopped as Edward started running his nose along her shoulder, he hummed that he was listening. "Uh, i-it took me to all my firsts." "Firsts?" he asked without stopping his ministrations. "Y-yeah, um, first boyfriend's house, first party, first day at a new school..." she trailed up as he started traveling up her neck. "Hm, tell me Bella, did you have your first time in this car?" Bella laughed a shaky laugh, "Um, no, I don't think this car has ever seen any action a-actually." "Oh really?" "Yeah, I'm hoping that will change any second here though." Edward finally looked up at her, "Yeah?" Bella hooked her hands behind his head, tangling her fingers in his messy hair and pulling his mouth down to hers as she muttered, "Yeah." She didn't meet any resistance as their lips met with a groan from Edward and a moan from Bella. He brought his hands down to her hips and grabbed on tightly as he traced her lips with his tongue, asking for entrance, which she granted and their kiss deepened as their tongues met. Remembering his previous fantasy, Edward took her bottom lip between his and bit down before soothing it with a swipe of his tongue. Bella moaned louder and broke their lips to breath. Edward slid his hands down to cup her ass and started lifting her up. She got the message and wrapped her legs around him as their mouths clashed again and he he pressed her up against the truck. Bella moaned as she felt Edward's distinct bulge in his jeans between her legs in just the right place and couldn't help thrusting her hips to continue her pleasure. He growled at the sensation and then next time she thrust her hips, he met her halfway causing her to yelp a little bit and throw her head back against the car. They continued this rhythm as Edward laved her neck in kisses and love bites. "E-Edwardd." She gasped between thrusts. He grunted in return. "I-I-I Oh my god, so good! Don't stop!" "Wouldn't think of it," He growled out before returning his lips to hers and speeding up his thrusts as he neared his climax. He couldn't believe that he was going to cum in his pants like a teenager, but it was just too good to do anything else. Bella could feel herself on the verge of her orgasm when Edward whispered in her ear, "God, you're so sexy, I can't wait until I'm actually inside you. You gotta cum for me Bella!" His dirty words threw her over the edge and she bit down on the space between his shoulder and neck to stop herself from screaming out. Edward followed with loud groan as he stilled against her, keeping himself together enough not to drop her. When he felt that he could think clearly again, he straitened up and slowly lowered Bella down to her feet, trying to ignore the uncomfortable sensation in his pants. Bella let go of Edward when she felt steady enough and smiled up at him. It wasn't until she heard a firetruck in the distance that she realized what exactly had just happened and her eyes widened. "Oh my god," she stepped away from Edward and started pacing, "oh my god, I just dry humped Edward Cullen in a parking lot. Someone could have seen, we could have been arrested, oh my god, I'm going to hell-" Edward cut her off with his laughter before she could continue and pulled her into his arms, "Oh, silly Bella. You're not going to hell, and we didn't get caught. It's alright. And may I say, that that was the best make out session I have ever had?" Bella giggled in his arms, "You may, and same here, that was amazing." She tilted her head up and he leaned down for a soft kiss that quickly started getting out of control. He pulled away, "While that was great, I think we tested our luck enough for one day, the odds might not be with us a second time." He smiled. Bella giggled again, "Yeah, and if we had continued it might have gone further than before and we can't have that." Edward pouted like a petulant child, "And why not?" "Oh Edward," Bella sang lightly, "I'm not that easy, you'll have to take me on three dates and then maybe I'll let you into my pants." She finished with a wink. Edward groaned, "Fine, can I get your number so that I can call you later to set up the second one?" Bella nodded and pulled out her phone as did he and they exchanged numbers before he gave her a chaste parting kiss and helped her into her truck. He watched her drive out of the lot and didn't turn to his car until her big truck was out of sight. Just as he settled into into his car, he pulled out his phone again and dialed. It rang twice before a soft voice answered with a laugh, "Yes, Edward?" He smiled at her voice, "Do you want to go out tonight? I know this nice place with great food and a kick ass waitress works there." So, that's my very first attempt at a scene like that. Please tell me what you think in a review and I'll accept constructive criticism, no hate please!