occur, Susana?" "Cobbler square, ma'am." Once I hear where this travesty occurred I call for one of my other slaves to bring the carriage and head over to Cobbler Square. No doubt that Rosalie is still somewhere around the area boasting about what she's done and parading the bodies of my dead slaves around. I arrive at the square in about thirty minutes time and sure enough still see Rosalie showing off what she has done. I order my carriage driver to slow down and storm towards Rosalie in a rage to ask why she has destroyed my property. Rosalie looks up and sees me coming and gets that stupid smug smirk on her face again. As I continue to storm over now even more angered Rosalie excuses herself from the group of men she is talking to about what she has done. "Ah my dear friend, Isabella! What brings you to town?" She calls out as she continues to walk towards me. This angers me even more. "Why have you killed MY slaves?" As I say this Rosalie puts on a fake shocked face and says something so foolishly stupid. "Dear friend I had no idea these were your slaves." "Yes you did! You've seen them at work on my land before when you've come over. Do not lie to me Rosalie. Why did you kill my property?" "Why they stole from me! I was selling some of the produce from my land and they tried to take it without paying." "I don't believe you! These men would have never done something like that especially when I have sent money with them to use to buy things for my plantation." "That's what you think my dear girl. But maybe they just wanted to keep your money without having to tell you being aware so they could use it somewhere else." I am so outraged about the lies that Rosalie that I yell out about how she's a liar and that she had no right to kill what is mine. This action draws the crowd of men over and they separate us and decide to take us to the area's judge and see what he thinks about our predicament. As we are traveling to the judge's house I see Rosalie slyly pull about four of the men over and start fiercely whispering to them. I think she is plotting to have them agree to be her witnesses to what my slaves supposedly did to wrong her even though I know those men weren't there to see that happen because it didn't happen. Rosalie killed those men to spite me and she cannot deny that. I know though as I see the men nod and Rosalie slip them some money that the judge is going to believe Rosalie because she has witnesses now and I was not even in the area when this travesty occurred. Soon enough we arrive at the judge's house and start to plead our cases. "Your honor, Isabella's slaves were trying to steal from me and I had no other choice but to kill them." "Your honor, Rosalie is lying to you. I know my slaves had money on them when they left my property and I know they would never steal." The judge doesn't look convinced. Rosalie is a well known and well liked noble in this area and is not know for lying even if she does. So then the judge asks if we have witnesses to confirm our claims. This is the point where for the second time I am convinced that Rosalie will win since she paid those men to claim to be her witnesses. Sure enough all four men raise their hands and agree with Rosalie and then the judge looks at me and notices I have no witnesses and that was the point in which Rosalie won. The judge said that it was in Rosalie's right to protect herself and her goods and she had the right to kill my slaves. I've never seen Rosalie look so smug as she does as we leave the judge's house and head back to town so we can all head home. Once we get back to town and most of the men disperse Rosalie pulls me off to the side to have another talk. "You know Isabella, I did lie. You were right. Your slaves did nothing wrong but I did kill them and now I have gotten away with it because nobody believed you that I would kill someone else's property without a reason too." "You dirty no good scum. Why would you do that? Why have you always hated me so much and stolen what is rightfully mine?" Rosalie lets out a wicked chuckle right then and gets right up into my personal space and starts to whisper in my ear. "Because you stupid child I am so much better than you. So I deserve much more than you do and I decided from an early age that I would steal everything you have to make you miserable. You'll never be good enough to be a true noble no matter what your blood determines." With that Rosalie walks away before I can be shaken out of my surprised stupor and respond. She's destroyed my life just because of her personal whim to want what I had because she didn't think I was good enough to have those things. This is totally absurd. I deserve those things and have always worked hard for what I have. Just because she thinks she's a better noble than I am and more important than me she has stolen those things from me. This revelation just makes my blood burn with a hatred more severe for Rosalie. Not only will I one day soon have my revenge but I will also take back what is meant to be mine and humiliate Rosalie is doing so. Once I learn her weaknesses she will be no match for me…