get this search party moving if we are going to catch anything tonight! I don't fancy being stuck in the sewers all night!" One of the townsmen, William, broke the pastors thoughts. "Right you are Will," he called back, "Carlisle will lead the group, he has some redeeming to do!" The pastor slapped Carlisle's bruised shoulder eliciting a guttural grunt in pained response. Samuel and William, along with a good few others laughed heartily at Carlisle's expense. Taking the axe offered to him by his father, and deciding against levelling it into the cruel old bastards head, he stalked off towards the entrance to the sewers with his group trailing behind. Basileus could take out the whole group, easily. But a massacre was not needed tonight. It was exactly that sort of attention brought on by reckless vampires that had required his intervention in the first place. No, instead he would go ahead of the little hunting party and with the speed this Carlisle boy was stalking ahead, he would meet him before he entered the sewers and take him from there into the night. The others will assume he has already entered the tunnel network and no doubt go on in to try and catch up. And so he pounced again through the crisp night air, from tree to tree and roof to roof. Basileus was graceful in his movements and you would be forgiven to believe he was actually at flight. With ease he moved ahead of Carlisle and as planned, was settled at the entrance to the sewer tunnels before Carlisle had arrived. Carlisle held his torch up above his head, he looked into the tunnel head now flooded with the light from his flame and met the sewer opening in all its anti-glory. The stench assaulted his senses. Gagging, he covered his mouth and nose with the sleeve of his free hand. "You don't have to go in there, friend." The velvet tones of a strong voice floated into his consciousness. Spinning quickly on his heel, Carlisle searched for the owner of the voice. He was clearly way ahead of his hunting party, he could barely make out their torches in the distance on the path he'd walked. "Come to me, my son." There it was again. Am I going mad? Fearing for his safety, and slightly his sanity, Carlisle spun around again, his torch held out defensively and with his free hand he unbuckled the axe from his belt and held it above his head, ready to strike. "Why are you afraid son, I am reaching out to you, I can offer you so much more than the life you have, a chance to be free from mortal trappings, free from your fathers punitive glare. Come to me, my son, come to the woods, come, follow me." The voice was entrancing, it sounded hopeful and somehow, safe! In an almost dream like state Carlisle dropped his torch to the ground and started walking towards to tree line. A black figure was waiting for him there, welcoming him with wide open arms. He was a very tall man, looking to be in his forty's, though his handsome face showed little age, just maturity. When Carlisle reached him, he spoke again. "I am here to take you from this life Carlisle, you are destined for greater things that this, come with me." The voice wasn't in Carlisle head this time, he saw the man's lips move and he heard him talk. Carlisle appeared hypnotised by the peculiar stranger and walked straight into Basileus' open arms and found himself enveloped in his floor length, heavy, black cloak. As Carlisle looked up towards the enchanting stranger, Basileus looked down and smiled. It was then that Carlisle felt a sense of foreboding, looking at this smiling man, he saw the brilliant white teeth shinning out of his mouth, and sweet cool breath chance upon his face. Those teeth, they looked, well not quite like any teeth he had seen before - along with being brilliant white, they looked, sharp, some looked… pointed. As the 'sewer group' approached the tunnel opening they noticed Carlisle's torch light lying a few meters away. "Well he wouldn't have gone in there without a light, he may be green but he isn't stupid!" A shriek of pain pierced the night air and disrupted the men's mutterings. The sound seemed to surround them, man and boy alike took up their weapons and were ready to defend themselves, eyes darting from left to right, up and down, and then questioningly to each other… nothing. As quickly as the sound had interrupted, it had disappeared. Over at the tree line, Basileus, seeing the group approach the sewer tunnels knew his time was short, he didn't have time to play with this one. Whilst Carlisle was still trying to work out how he had ended up in this strong man's cloak, Basileus turned the boys head slightly and fixed his mouth on the soft, warm, pulsating throat. "I'm not going to lie to you, this is really going to hurt!" The initial bite as Basileus allowed his teeth to penetrate Carlisle's skin stung like a bitch. But he braced himself, he could take this he thought. And then came the venom. It was as though boiling poison had been forced through the new holes in his neck. The shriek of pain would have embarrassed Carlisle if he had been aware of the sound he'd made. He wasn't aware though, he wasn't aware of anything right now; not that his cries were being muffled by the strangers hand across his mouth, nor that the man was holding him tightly to stop him from lashing out in pain. He didn't notice that he was being carried away from his home, from London, from everything he knew and through the woods at full vampire speed. All he was aware of was pain. Burning pain that engulfed every single one of his senses.