beautifying herself and acting like a Southern Belle, but sometimes she's a man-eating seductress who sucks down cosmos like water and makes a drunken fool of herself, and lastly, on the rare occasion, she's a crazy revenge-seeking woman who just might come after you with a rusty potato peeler and try and take off your manhood. It really depends on the time of day... "Shay, I'm so sorry. I don't know what happened." I sigh in relief when I realize it's Mom, actually Mom, and not Felicia. I open the door wider so that I can hug Mom when I tell her, "Oh, thank God. I wasn't sure how long Fee was going to be around for. Did you see that giant cake down there? I was afraid she was going to force me to eat it all once she realized Dad wasn't coming..." Mom swallows thickly and blinks a few times, her eyes looking more green than usual since she's been crying. "I don't know what happened," She repeats her previous words, "I was fine this morning. I was fine, and then...then the next thing I know I'm wearing this ridiculous teddy, my make-up is done like a pornstar, and-and the whole kitchen is covered in flour." She presses her fingers to her temples and starts to rub out the tension headache that always accompanies a transition. "Why did this have to happen now? Things were going so well." After an alter makes an appearance, Mom is always pretty down on herself, so I usually try and point out the positives of the situation, but I'm having a hard time being positive this morning. "Dad's birthday has always been a hard day," I remind her, "Not just for you, but for everyone. And at least you didn't lose a whole day. Fee was only here a couple of hours." Mom frowns thoughtfully for a long moment before she brightens up. "You're right," She says with a smile, "I kicked Felicia out. I took control, just like Dr. Rivers has been telling me to, and it worked. I can control this, Shailene." I don't want to feel so full of doubt when I told Mom she should feel good about herself, and she actually does feel confident in controlling her disorder, but I just don't see how she can control it. I mean, how can she control Felicia, or Brad, or Whiney, or whoever the crazed animal creature that used to destroy the house while we were asleep was when they all have minds of their own? They are all fractured pieces of her mind that have formed their own personas and lives and believe they are real. How can she ever fully have control of herself with the alters living inside her...and how can she ever fully get rid of them when they are pieces of herself? "Are you sure you kicked her out?" I ask, testing her confidence, "Or did Fee hand over the reigns?" Mom meets my eyes steadily as she ensures me, "I pushed her out, Shay, I felt it. I'm in control." She presses her lips together almost into a pout before begging, "Don't tell Denae about this, okay? I want to keep today between you and me because Denae will overreact, and it might only be an isolated incident. I don't want Denae to freak out and take Levi away from me again. Please, Shay?" I know how much it hurt my mom to be so out of control before that Denae couldn't trust her with LJ. Felicia isn't bad with kids, unless she has a date or some other self-absorbed event to attend, like painting her nails. Felicia would be more likely of neglect than abuse. Brad on the other hand has the mind of a nineteen-year-old guy so he tends to get LJ in dangerous situations that could seriously injure him. Whiney is six, so she is definitely not allowed to watch LJ alone under any circumstances. A year and a half ago, the alters were making appearances almost daily, so Denae took LJ away from Mom completely. Mom was so upset that Felicia came out and tried to cut her wrists. I had to restrain her until Aunt Tiff and Embry could come over and help me calm her down. It was scary, and it was at that moment that we started looking for serious help, and we found it in the form of the intensive therapy program Mom had been attending up until the beginning of this month. I don't know yet if we were right or wrong in taking her out of that program, but I hope that we don't end up back where we started... "All right," I regretfully pledge, "I won't tell Denae, or anyone else, that Fee was out today. But if things get worse, she needs to know. You know that right? And you can't lie to me, Mom. If you feel weird, if you wake up somewhere different, or you know you were hijacked, you have to tell me. No secrets with me." "No secrets," Mom swears, linking her pinky through mine and pulling my hand up to her face to place a kiss on my pinky. I do the same to hers, a silly promise thing Denae and I made up when I was three and she was seven. We were always very close, and now I have to keep a secret from her. "Trust me, Shailene," Mom continues, almost like she knew what thoughts were weighing on my mind, "This won't happen again. Denae will never need to know, and you'll see in time it was no big deal." I nod, hoping she is right, but feeling in my heart the reign of the alters isn't over yet. Please Review! I know Paul wasn't in this chapter yet, but he'll be in the next one, and it will be worth the wait ;) What did you think of Shay and her family?