understandingly and calmly. "Everything is perfectly fine, Bella. Please do not worry. But I am afraid the move is going to have to be postponed and we'll have to relocate to somewhere else. I called this meeting so we could decide when and where that would be." I nodded, breathing in deeply before letting the breath out slowly. "All right. But I am curious as to the whys." Carlisle nodded. "And for that, I'll hand over to Alice." He looked toward her and came to Esme's side, wrapping his arm around her. I, too, looked over at Alice, who was standing up with Jasper, his arms wrapped around her waist. Alice was leaning against him, and he against the window. Alice smiled a small smile at me, but the crease of her forehead did nothing to reassure me. "I can't really say for sure. All I know is that our futures become… fuzzy… if we move to New York as was planned." I frowned. "Fuzzy in a bad way, you mean? And as for the time, do we need to move before we had planned to—as in, in the next two weeks—or do we need to stay here longer?" I asked her, my frown deepening. I had to admit that I did not know much about how Alice's gift worked, but I knew enough to know it was very strange for our futures to become fuzzy and for her not to be able to see anything that would cause that fuzziness. A thought bubbled and I had to speak it, looking between my mate and my best friend as I did so. "Is it possible the tribe is involved—the wolves?" "No," Edward said before Alice could. I looked up at him, and he smiled down at me, his fingers—resting over my arm—caressing my skin calmly, soothingly. "We've had no contact with them since they found Jacob, and neither has Charlie. We have no reason to believe they're involved, darling." "Besides," Alice interjected, "with them, my vision would go blank—not blurry." I nodded. "I understand," I said quietly. "I'm sorry," I apologized, smiling at her. "I just don't like not knowing." Alice laughed. "And neither do I," she said, before her smile fell from her face and she huffed. "But I can't see a thing," she grumbled. I looked away as Jasper bent down and ran his nose along her bare shoulder. I was sure he was purring and releasing his mate growl to calm her. "Alice?" Emmett called quietly a few moments later. "Uh, you never answered Bella's question—do we have to leave sooner or later?" Alice sighed and I looked around to her once again. "From what I can see, either is fine. However, I've seen that Carlisle has brought another idea forward, and I think I see us going with that." "And what's that, honey?" Esme asked, craning her neck to see her mate. Carlisle rested his head on his mate's shoulder. "I've recalculated the dates, and I think it is best if we postpone the move so Charlie can recoup properly. I'm not saying anything will go wrong, but he could always need more time, with his age." He glanced apologetically at Charlie, whose face was red as he shrugged it off. "I understand what you're saying, and I think you're right," my father said gruffly. It was my turn to squeeze his hand, and he turned to me. "Bella, you know you're the most important person to me. And I want you to be happy—that's all." "I know, Daddy," I said softly, smiling at him. I swallowed thickly against the lump in my throat and drew in a deep breath before hugging him with one arm. Rosalie cleared her throat and our moment passed. Everyone looked to her as she spoke. "So, where are we moving to now?" There was silence as everyone considered her words. Finally, it was Esme who brought forward the first idea. "Perhaps Chicago? I am not sure what Bella and Edward have decided for the dates and times of her change, but I think it would be rather special if Bella were changed in the town her mate was born, grown, and changed in." I instantly fell in love with the idea. Esme was right; the idea was terribly romantic, and now that the idea had been presented, I found myself unable to think of doing anything but. Looking up at Edward, I smiled when I saw he was as overcome as I was with emotion. He leaned down at pressed his lips to mine, and my eyes closed, my breath stuttering. My hand moved to the back of his hair and I sniffled, my throat still tight. He broke the kiss and leaned his forehead against mine. "I'll take that as a yes, my love?" I swallowed and nodded. "Yeah," I croaked horribly, cringing at the sound of my own voice. I turned toward the rest of our family, and I knew from their soft, caring faces that they knew how important this was. "Well then," Rosalie said smoothly, a small smile on her otherwise expressionless face. "I guess we're moving to Chicago." So as you read from the second word of the chapter, we're currently in January. It's within the first week of the month. I wasn't actually planning to finish the chapter there, if I'm being honest with myself, but when I wrote that line, it just seemed like such a solid finish to the first chapter of this sequel. I hope you agree. I really hope this chapter met your expectations. It took me a long time to actually get this chapter finished—I began this chapter a few months ago, in 2013. I thought it would never happen, but after a month of not even looking at the chapter, I opened it up and took a few paragraphs away to rewrite it. Then it just flowed. I'll see you all in about 3 weeks! Please review, bexie25