at the thought; that was a lot of Cullen's. For the rest of the day, Beth spent most of her time with Jake, always asking him to play with her. "Baby you have to let Jake breathe" I told her, she frowned at me "He can breathe fine" she answered, clearly not understanding what I meant, we all laughed. "Who's great idea was it to have her then?" Nessie asked us. "Your mother" Edward answered. "I missed having my babies around and I don't see my grandkids or great grandkids" I laughed. "Shes cute, in a very Nessie mixed with Eddie way" Jake said. "I was that annoying to you?" Nessie laughed. "You were never annoying to me, neither is your baby sister. It's nice to have a child around again" Jake said just as Beth rested her head on his shoulder. He wrapped his arms around her in a hug. I smiled at them. "Miss having kids Jake?" I asked and he nodded to me. "I can't wait for Eddie to meet her" Nessie says. "She's so much like him, although where did she get the green eyes?" "Your father" I told her and sat next to my daughter. "My eyes were that colour as a human" "Aw, that's nice, we're not all brown eyed then" she smiled and she rested her head on my shoulder. "It's really warm here" she sighed. "I suppose so, after forty years I've got used to it" I laughed. "It's humid" Jacob agreed. "That's because you live in snow" Beth said, "I like it here, it's just the right temperature" "You've never known any different child" Jacob laughed. "One day I'll get to see the snow" she told him. "Are you allowed off the island?" Nessie asked. "To hunt yes. Momma and Daddy don't take me into the city though" "Why not?" Nessie asked me then. I shrugged. "Because im selfish" I told her. "No you're not" Nessie said immediately. "I wanted to give you this childhood, I wanted you to feel free the way Beth does. To live on an island, to be safe to explore and be a kid. I wanted you to have no worries, for you and your brother to live and grow at your own pace and I couldn't give it to you; not the way I wanted to. I thought about how much I wanted to live here with you all those years ago and then I knew that I wanted another baby, I wanted to give someone what I was going to give to you. We don't take Beth into Rio because I just want to keep her young as long as possible. Its selfish but I want to keep her free just a bit longer, she'll have plenty of time when shes older to see the real world, shes got forever to do all the things you can do out there. For now I just wanted her to have a childhood." I explained, Nessie hugged my arm. "I think it's amazing what you're doing for her. I completely agree with you and I think she'll be extremely grateful when shes older. Not every child gets to live on their own island." Nessie told me with a smile. I smiled back. "Im glad you think that" "I don't want to live on the main land momma, I love living here" Beth told me. "See" Nessie smiled. "The day she asks you to go to the main land and you say no is the day you should start feeling selfish, Beth only wants to be here, and I don't blame her" "I want to show you my den! And my lake and my waterfall and my favourite place to pick flowers and my-" Beth began to rant. "Beth, they're here for two weeks, you'll have plenty of time to do all that." Edward interrupted her. "You'll meet your brother tomorrow. Maybe you can take them all tomorrow" I said to her. "Chloe outdoors?" Jake laughed. "Well... Maybe she can take Eddie" I laughed. "What can we do today then?" She pouted. "Well why don't you show me your bed room?" Nessie asked holding her hand out towards Beth. "Ok!" She exclaimed and climbed off Jacob's lap and took her sisters hand. I decided to follow them so I could take a picture of them together; I grabbed the camera and walked in. "Your room is a lot like mine when I was little" Nessie said. "It is?!" Beth exclaimed, she was clearly happy at this thought. "So what do you do all day?" Nessie asked; looking at the picture of Beth and Esther. "I climb or I run or I swim or I play or I read or I have school" Beth answered. Nessie sat down on Beth's dressing table chair as Beth sat on her bed. "Does dad teach you school?" she asked. "Yep every other day" she said. "I don't really like them days, as much as I love daddy I would much rather be outside." "He tried to teach you outside and you kept getting distracted" I laughed. Beth shrugged. "Want a picture with your sister?" I asked her. She nodded and pulled Nessie by her hands over to the bed. "Jakey!" She added. Jacob appeared at the door. "I could have sworn that was Nessie calling me" he frowned. "Yeah, if I was a 5 year old child" Nessie said rolling her eyes. "That's what I mean, blast from the past. What's wrong princess?" he asked. "Picture!" Beth exclaimed and patted the bed next to her. I waited for him to sit down before I took the picture of the three of them together. "So what about friends? Do you have any?" Nessie asked Beth. "Of course I do" she told her. "I have animal friends, birds mostly and fish" "You have fish friends?" Nessie asked with a frown. Beth grinned at her. "Mermaids" Thanks for reading! Picture of Beth on my blog.