invincible, call it penance for dying so young. I'm like my grandmother now, Esther can't be burned or dismembered, neither can I." she said dramatically but she was clearly not impressed by it. "Isn't that good?" I asked. "Sure, except my father is still paranoid about losing me. I love him, I do. He is everything to me but sometimes he drives me insane you know?" she asked waving her hand over the growing fire, it went out immediately. "Yeah I know," I laughed with her. She changed the subject suddenly, I started to realise how abrupt she was, or just had a short attention span and got bored quickly. "So I hear we share a name?" she smiled at Lexi, Lexi smiled slightly. "I was told your story as a child and I saw how much it affected our family, I took the name Alexandra to honour you. I never thought you'd come back. You're the Alexandra Cullen not me." She said with a small laugh, Allesandra smiled back. "Don't worry," she laughed. "I don't go by Alexandra anyway; even my family calls me Allesandra now. My nick name is Alle." "Oh good," Lexi sighed. "Besides, I'm touched… thanks," she said and grinned at her. Allesandra had a strange aura of royalty; I got the same feeling around Ella's prince. It was like she was famous and had been her whole life. She was used to it and the feeling of people bowing down to her every need. Well I suppose she was famous now. Word had spread after her resurrection, you can't kill a Cullen. They'll just come back. We were more feared and respected than ever. "So what do you girls do for fun?" she asked. "Ella has a boyfriend, Lexi and I have mostly been exploring," I answered her. "Wanna show me around London? Avia is supposed to be doing it but she's gone to see her sister, she told me to look around whilst she was gone," she asked. "Sure!" Lexi grinned and Allesandra called over her personal guards. She spoke to them in perfect Italian and they nodded before walking towards the tree line. "Sorry, they have to come with us," she said with a small regretful smile. "Don't worry about it. I'm used to people following me," Ella laughed. Allesandra linked her arm with Lexi and Ella's and Lexi linked hers with mine. "Why do you say that?" she laughed. "I'm dating the future king of England. He has guards all the time too." "What does our family say about that? I got specifically told to avoid the royal family," Alle laughed. "They don't know," I sniggered. "The Cullen's don't judge, It doesn't matter who we love, they'll always accept them. No matter what," Ella said strongly. "You hope," Alle giggled. Allesandra had only been with us a few minutes and she already felt like a friend to us, she fitted in well. "My dad fell in love with a human, my sister fell in love with a wolf, Chantelle fell in love with the son of their worst enemy and Matthew fell in love with Death. I think we can safely say that the Cullen's are extremely accepting," I agreed with Ella, I only teased her about her relationship with the prince; I knew it truly meant something to her. "See," Ella smiled across at me. "Thanks Beth," she grinned. I rolled my eyes at the name. I rarely got called Beth anymore, it was my childhood name and I didn't mind my family calling me it but publically I was Eliza now. I wanted a new start and a change when we left Isle Isabella. Isle Isabella was extremely special to me and it would always be my home. Leaving was the hardest thing I've ever had to do. I knew that island better than anything in this world; I knew every rock, every beach, every animal and every tree. I knew where the animals slept and where the rain fell the hardest. I knew where the sun shone the brightest and where every cave and nest was. It was my home and always would be, it was where I grew up and I loved it. I always wanted to explore the world, see the places my father taught me about, know my distant family members and visit the Volturi but when the day came it was hard for me. Stepping off the boat into the big unknown world scared me, because I didn't want it to change me. I didn't want Beth to become an adult; I didn't want her to lose her innocence or her love for her island so I changed my name. Beth is the island girl, the one that loves feeling the sand beneath her toes and running bare foot up the cliffs, Eliza was a new, curious girl, someone I couldn't wait to be. "So do you miss home?" she asked us all. "Not really," Ella laughed, of course she wouldn't. She had Henry now. "Sometimes," Lexi said but I knew although Lexi loved our island, it reminded her of her previous life, her siblings and her birth father. She was happy to get away from it and explore the world. "Always," I answered with a small smile. "But I love what we're doing here." "And what are you doing here?" Allesandra asked. I thought about that question for a moment to myself. What had we accomplished since leaving home? Ella had found love, Lexi had learnt to control her craving for blood but what did I do? I made memories that would last forever. This was just a bit of fluff really, I really wanted just to write a small something to show you how much the girls had grown after Living in Paradise and how they had grown into their personalities. Pictures of the girls grown up plus Prince Henry are on my blog :) Thanks for reading! BellaNessieCullen. Blogspot. com (remove spaces)