her by entering her slowly several times before he finally pressed himself fully against her, his cock buried deep inside her. A long, excruciating moment passed while he buried his fingers into her hair and whispered her name. She realized he wanted her to look athim. She opened her eyes and gasped at the wonder and love that shown in his as he looked down at her. "Stop thinking. Just feel." Then he began to move softly, slowly, the ridge of his cock gliding softly against her, inside her. It was everything. He was everything. He moved softly, teasing her, making her squirm and sigh, until she couldn't bear it any longer. Then he began to move with purpose, pressing himself into her and at the same time, against her, causing friction and fullness in the places she needed it the most. She could no longer think, but could only feel. The pleasure of his strokes filled her senses, and she moved against him, silently begging for more. His soft breaths and moans against her neck further moved her on as his hands buried themselves once more in her long hair as if they belonged there. His hands belonged in her hair, and he belonged inside her. He claimed her lips with his own as he began and she felt him losing control, his thrusts changed from concise and slow to erratic. "Bella...oh, Isabella." The sound of her name on his lips, the feel of his cock moving inside her sensitive skin, his skin slowly moving across her sensitive nub, all at once brought on a sudden sensation through her that began between her legs and quickly covered her entire body. She gripped his hair, moaning loudly against his neck, not even caring that she would normally be embarrassed by the sound. He responded in kind, gripping her shoulders, his hands searching for purchase anywhere that he could grab her. He called out her name, and she gripped him with her inner walls as he came; she clutched his shoulders, loved and caressed him with her entire body. The room slowly came into focus as the electricity that surged between them slowly fizzled and crackled and disappeared as the cold, stark realization of the sin she had just committed, and the loud sounds of their breath filled the room. He leaned up on his elbows, pressed his hands against her face, and brushed away the tears that fell from the corners of her eyes away. "Isabella. I love you." Be with me, Bella," he kissed her nose, and she laughed, knowing that he was repeating her thoughts from before, in the church. Her heart pounded in herchest as she knew which words were coming next and she clamped a hand over his mouth. "Please don't," she said. I'm not quite ready for all of that. He laughed, "Well…" he kissed her lips. "It looks as if the running away part might be a good idea. Are you ready to be the scandal of Forks? Because I have no intention of letting you spend one more night alone - on this couch - without me. And I have no intention of spending my entire life alone, without you." She could feel her face flush as she projected every adoring thought toward him that she'd ever had. He kissed her hard, wrapping his strong arms around her, pinning her to the cushions. When she was completely out of breath, he said, "Also, about those other thoughts of yours…" Oh, God. "I'd like to definitely try out that one thing you were thinking about last week with you on the bookshelf." OH, GOD! "It's official," she said jovially, but the thought of it hurt her heart, "I have ruined you." He lifted her hand and kissed the back of it. "No, Bella. I spent so many years completely alone: from an abusive home, to a boys' home, to several foster homes. The only solace I had ever found was in the church, with its old dusty walls and stained glass windows - much the same way that your library has been a sanctuary for you. I was just eighteen when I joined the church, young and naive and with a somewhat jaded outlook on the world. For a long time, I was content in my quiet, uncomplicated life. I was content in my loneliness and my vows of celibacy. And then, two years ago, you walked into my church and turned my world upside down. But please, please, dear Bella. Never think that you've ruined me. You have made me whole. His voice broke on the last word, and she wrapped her arms around his neck, silently vowing to never leave him and to cherish him. She stopped once she realized that she was beginning to recite a wedding vow. He was kind enough to not say anything about that. "So…" he said, an eyebrow raised, "About that bookshelf." She smacked his arm playfully and laughed, "Maybe later. I am far more courageous and bold inside my own head than I am in real life." He smiled at her. "I guess we'll just have to see about that. My Bella." "So, as I was saying…" he picked her up and flung her over his shoulder, quickly carrying her to her small bedroom where he flopped her down unceremoniously on the messy bed covers. "Bella, I love you." He skimmed her neck with his nose, breathing her in and ran his hands down her side. He kissed her lips and gathered her up with his other arm, pressing them flush against each other where she could feel their hearts pounding together as one. "Bella, be with me forever." She silently agreed as she moved her hand between them to place it over his heart. Forever. Thank you for reading! Don't forget to leave the author some love in a review. And please keep the contest anonymous, even if you know who the author is!