just getting used to her heightened senses. After a few seconds, her crimson eyes darted around the room, as if she was worried. She sat up, using her hands like I had when I first sat up after my change, and she spoke for the first time. "Benjamin." That was all she said. Just my name, but after realising she was a newborn, knew why. She was thirsty. After she first spoke, her free hand made its way to her throat in shock. I stood up, her hand still in mine and I helped her up. I didn't say anything to her, but she knew where we were going. The closest town over to where we were was Suez, and I thought that, at night, it was a perfect place for hunting. Tia followed me out of the ground and she glanced around, smelling the blood before she could see where it was coming from. I held her hand in mine and we ran towards the town in the direction of the blood. The smell was coming from a man, who looked to be around 30 years of age. He was walking down the street, heading home from work. He never knew what he had coming. Before I knew it, Tia was running towards the man. I smiled as I watched from a distance. Tia was a natural. As she neared the human, she turned to me, realising I was watching. She smirked and turned back to the human, who still hadn't realised she was there. She caught up to the man and bit his neck. The man screamed in a combination of shock and pain, but Tia kept drinking. After a few seconds, his screams became muffled until, finally, silence came upon him. Without blood in his body, Tia looked up, meeting my eyes. She looked worried. I made my may down to the body, never taking my eyes off Tia's. She dropped the body to the path and gave me a hug. "I'm sorry," she kept muttering to me. "I don't know what I am doing." I shook my head and smiled at her. "You were great." Confusion spread across her face. "Tia, we need to bury the body before anyone notices him." I picked up the body and led the way to the hole I had created earlier. That is where the dead body was thrown. Tia was still hungry, and I myself needed someone to drink, too, so we went to the next town closest to home and hunted there. This time, though, was different. Tia and I didn't separate further than 2 metres, but we both hunted separately. We found a couple walking on the edge of the Sahara, so, naturally, we fed on them. My tactic was different to Tia's though, so when I attacked the older man, Tia was already feeding on the woman. I always told the victim that I was sorry before feeding, because I didn't want them to die. Unfortunately, though, in order for me to live, they had to die. I covered the man's mouth with my hand and bit delicately into his neck. As I broke the layers of skin on his neck, blood started oozing out into my mouth. I sighed as I tasted the sweetness of it, swallowed and sucked some more in. I never took my eyes off the man, but I could tell Tia had finished and was watching me. She had never seen me hunt before. My tongue touched the two crescent-shapes I had made in his neck, longing for more blood from the empty body. I released my mouth from the man's neck and glanced up to find Tia's eyes lingering over the body. The corners of my mouth curled upwards into a grin and together we dumped the bodies into the hole. I closed it with my ability, with Tia holding my waist, and we made our way to Cairo, where Amun's house stood. "Benjamin!" Amun roared when he heard the door close behind Tia and me. I glanced at Tia before turning to face the voice that was Amun's. I had warned Tia that Amun would be angry with me, but she didn't mind. She knew I meant well and that's all that mattered to her. Amun was outraged at me for leaving. After he had finished his initial outburst, he glanced behind me, noticing Tia for the first time. He turned back to me with a bitter look on his face, realising what I had done. "You created her," he said to me. It wasn't a question. "I told you never to leave. You…" "Amun," I interrupted him. "Let me explain." And I did. I told him about only travelling at night, finding Tia and, finally, our journey home. I told him that I loved her and she wanted to change for me. After I had finished explaining, I looked up to meet his eyes. He had lost the bitterness to his face and it was replaced with what looked like realisation. He nodded and put his hand on my shoulder. "Benjamin," he began. "No harm was done. I apologise for acting the way I did." I turned back to Tia. She was standing awkwardly in the doorway but she smiled when she caught my eye. Amun sent me to the basement after that, but this time was different. This time I had Tia. But Tia didn't like Amun and Kebi as much as I did. I don't think Kebi approved of Tia either as every time she spoke, a glare was shot Tia's way from Kebi. One day, Amun and Kebi went out hunting together and Tia and I had the temple to ourselves for a few hours. Within those few hours of privacy, I knew this is the life I had always wanted. A life with Tia. Amun may never change his ways, but it didn't matter now. If Tia was staying, so was I. THE END!