less eager. There was only one thing I needed before we made love to our angel together. "Baby girl," I growled, getting to my feet. Bella looked at me expectantly, and I made a show of licking my fingers before returning them to her pussy. "I need to see you come, darling," I said. "I won't be able to see all of your face when you give us your orgasm with me behind you." I circled her clit with my thumb while moving my first two fingers in and out of her. Between us, my cock was bobbing in frustration, but I willed the monster to be patient. "Come on my fingers, Bella," I demanded. "Show me how good I make you feel and how much you want us." Carlisle pinched her nipple as I made this command and Bella's head fell back onto his shoulder as she screamed my name. My heart swelled with pride at the sight and sound. Even when I was sharing her, she was all mine. I scooped her up in my arms as her legs gave out beneath her and then carried her to the couch. I laid her down with just enough room to slide behind her, now fingering her asshole, gentler than I had been with her pussy. Everything was as it should be, there was plenty of natural lubricant to help me, and I was more than ready. The cushions shifted beneath us as Carlisle positioned himself on her other side. He handed me an opened condom, and I slid it on. Bella had started birth control early in our relationship, but we had agreed to this detail tonight to help control the mess. Plus, Carlisle suggested it may help my control, which would probably be challenged by the tighter experience than I was used to. "Tell me what you need, baby girl," I whispered in her ear, pushing her hair back over her shoulder so that it tickled my chest. "I need you, Edward," she said. "I need you to take me and make me yours, to give me to Carlisle because my body belongs to you." "Fuck," I growled as I slid my cock between her cheeks. Her body resisted, but I massaged her clit as I continued to push until I was fully inside her. Carlisle watched us, his eyes dark with lust. "What a good girl," he cooed. "Take his cock, baby. You've got such a perfect ass, even more perfect now." "God, yes," I growled, and I bit her shoulder to keep from coming at the sensations her clenching muscles were causing. "Now, Carlisle," I growled at him. He slid in smoothly and began to move. It was a welcome distraction feeling him as I pushed in and out myself. Bella's chest and back expanded with each breath as she began to moan and pant. I felt her hands reach around to grasp my ass. "Are you trying to tell me you want more, baby," I said. "Are you getting greedy for more cock? Aren't we enough for you like this?" "Yes, Edward," she panted. "So full. So good. Please, yes." She trailed off into vague sounds of pleasure as we moved in tandem at an increased pace. I could feel my stomach muscles tensing up and just hoped that she was as close as she seemed to be. "Do you want me to come in your sweet ass, Bella?" I asked. "Yes, please, Edward. I love you." Those words were my undoing. My orgasm ripped through me with a force that made me feel as if I would never be able to put the pieces of myself back together. The room went black, and when I started to stir again, I was surprised to find myself alone on the couch. A soft giggle made me look around. Bella was sitting on the opposite side of the room, wrapped in a heavy terrycloth robe. "What happened?" I mumbled, completely disoriented. "Before or after you fell asleep?" she questioned. I managed to sit up and smirk at her. I had never seen her look so sated, and that was saying quite a lot. "I'm pretty sure I remember what happened before I fell asleep. I'm sorry I passed out on you." "Don't be," she said with a smile. "I actually took it as a compliment. You've never done that before, so I took you passing out as a sign that it was good for you." I moved to her and wrapped my arms around her waist. "It was incredible for me," I said. "The more important question was how it was for you. Was it everything you were expecting?" She nodded, and I grinned into her shoulder. "What about you," she asked twisting a bit to look in my face. "Was it what you were expecting? You probably had a better idea of what it could be." The night played back in my head, and I sighed in contentment at the knowledge I'd succeeded in giving my girl what she wanted. That she was still here in my arms and still willing to share her body and heart with the man who had taught me to please her. "You're everything I'd been looking for, Bella," I told her. "And you're everything I need, Edward," she replied. I smiled as my heart filled with love for this girl. Not many people would have understood just how true our words were to each other. I'd finally learned what Esme had tried to teach me. The fact that another person was part of our love would make some think that what we had was less than complete and perfect. But, Bella and I were everything to each other. Sometimes, sharing with those you love makes what you have, so much better. Thank you for reading! Don't forget to leave the author some love in a review! And please remember this is an anonymous contest, so don't reveal the author's name!