it for a moment. Clearly amused about something. I wanted to ask him what he found so amusing. But I waited instead, waited for him to explain the object of his amusement. "I don't know. 'Hello, I'm Isabella. You're going to die and I'm going to help you to die.'" He raised his tone so his voice would match woman voice. It just make me chuckle. What a weirdo. I just got told by a mere human how to properly greet a mortal. "See, you have to laugh a little bit more. It brightens up your face." I shook my head. So much for a soul. Suddenly he shivers slightly. "What is it?" "I don't know." He rested his head in the pillow and starts to take a deep breath, the beep sound at the monitor shows me that his pulse has quickened. The door opened and a nurse came in with a chart and to check his vitals. She pressed the call button. I guess, she called the people in the white uniforms. A very pale young man came in with a long weird thing hanging around his neck. He looked at me for a moment and quickly checked Mike's condition. That was strange. The man looked right at me as if he could see me. I backed off a little bit and let the man do his job. He looked around like he was searching for something and then he finally shook his blond head and gave Mike pat in the head. "What are you doing, staying up so late, Mike? You know it's not good for your body." He looked concern. The nurse had prepared some sort of medicine. "Don't. I don't want to be sedated tonight. I'll sleep later." The nurse frowned disapprovingly but put the medicine back anyway. She looked at the man. The man nodded and the nurse got out. "So tell me what kept you awake?" Mike look at me waiting for approval, but I didn't know whether to give the approval or not. I was distracted, staring at the beautiful Blondie in front of him. I felt strange around him. There's this air around him that was different than with any other human. "I had company, when I woke up. We talked and lost track of time. Sorry." Mike explained. "Okay, well this girl can't be very good if she keeps you from your sleep." Mike frowned and stared at where I was standing. Slowly, he turned back to the man. "How do you know it's a girl?" he asked. "Come on, I've been your age and nobody could keep a boy from his peaceful sleep except a girl. So who is she?" Realization look clearly at Mike face and a faint blush appeared on his cheeks. "No one." They just stared at each other. I waited for the man to go out and leave Mike alone. But he didn't move a muscle. They just kept staring until I saw the man raise one eyebrow and Mike started laughing. Mike sighed. "Okay...Okay... She's beautiful and I'm not saying another word." he said, the blush on his cheeks darkening. The man moved to sit on Mike's bed and look at the chart. "Doc... can you assure me that early in the morning, my mom and dad will be here?" he asked, almost desperately. "Why? Do you want to introduce your girlfriend this early?" the man asked, a smile playing around his lips. The man looked up and met Mike's beautiful green eyes. "No, but I wish I could. Just to say that I miss them." The man's smile faltered a little. "They visited 9 hours ago, Mike. Now sleep while I text your dad about your message, okay?" Mike sighed and nodded. The man squeezed Mike's hand and said good night. Finally I got him alone. "You know you won't be able to make it. I have to take you at dawn." I said. I wish I could feel remorse, sadness but I just felt…nothing. Cold. Mike looked up at me and smiled sadly. He patted his bed, silently asking me to sit with him there. "I know. I just hope to see my mom and dad even if I can't touch them anymore." Again, I'm lost for words. I'm not good at comforting people so I just lay my head on his legs told him that I'm there and he's not alone. Apparently, he understood my pathetic effort and patted my head slightly. "You should write something to your parents." I suggested. I sat back and gave him some paper and a pen from his nightstand. He thanked me and starts writing and ignores me. So I decided to walk back to the window, looking at the beautiful scenery outside. The rain has stopped. It will be dawn in a moment. "I will call my mom, if you don't mind." Mike told me. I nodded and walk out. This is the least that I could give to him, some privacy. I waited until the sun started to rise and I walked back in. "I'm sorry Mike but it's time" He looked at me sadly and closed his eyes to relax himself. So do I as I take a breath and inhale. . "Just relax, it won't hurt a bit. All you have to do is take a deep breath." I said. He nodded and closed his eyes again. When he was ready, I stepped closer towards him and slowly took his hand in mine. When he exhaled, I kissed his forehead. Suddenly, the monitor sounds a horrible long beeping sound. I know what this means, I have taken Mike's life. That's exactly what I am. Even Death has his helpers. An angel of death. And my name is Isabella. So what do you think? Do you like it? Should I continue? Please I would love to hear your thought, just mind your word would ya... This is my first time. Thank you.