poor woman. I couldn't imagine being trapped into an imprint. The thought made me sick. Being the Alpha's mate on top of it. I really didn't know why they still did it. After the Cullen's returned, I half expected that Victoria vampire to come after them or me. She had showed her red head a few times after they left but then she disappeared. Perhaps knowing Laurent was dead, she decided it wasn't worth it. Despite feeling free of the past I still kept an eye out for sparkling things in Arizona. Not that I had any reason to but I was bit by one of those fuckers. It tends to leave a strong impression. Ty walked to of the bathroom naked as the day he was born. Apparently he wasn't tired. "Who was you talkin to boo? Jake from State Farm or Jake from La Push? I gonna have to cool a fucker?" "No. I was talking to Emily. You met her tonight." "Uh huh. Chick with the scars right? So I guess now that we are alone we got some talkin to do. Like why you kept this little guy in your belly from me." Shit. "I wanted to wait for the right time?" I tried. "Try again." He said as I raised my arms and he lifted my shirt up. "I was scared. I didn't want you to think I was trying to trap you. When I got the flu and took that Antibiotic pack it fucked with my birth control. I didn't do this on purpose." I admitted. "Uh huh. You think I care?" He unzipped my jeans and pulled them down. I unhooked my bra. He grabbed the hem of my panties with his teeth and slipped them down to my ankles. Standing up he tilted my head up gently. "I don't know. I…" "Whose name is this over my heart?" "Mine." I whispered, tracing the Bella tattooed over his heart on his beautiful chest. "Whose name is tattooed over your belly button? What does that say? Tell me." "It says Tyrone." "Why is that?" "Because we belong to each other." I told him honestly. "I don't want to ever be in a trap that doesn't have you in it with me. I love you. Never be afraid to tell me anything." I nodded. "You know how damn beautiful you are? How much I want to get lost in you? There are certain things a man can't live without. You are that for me. You are gonna be a great mother. You are great at everything you do." He was tracing my nipple with his fingertip so gently. Despite his size he was so gentle in bed when I needed it. He was whatever I needed. He could play my body so well. "You are going to be a great father." He looked away. "Don't be like that Ty. You aren't him. You are like your mother. You are not him. You are going to be there." "I know baby." "Say it." "I'm not him." "Good." Sometimes when he was feeling down, the side only I get to see I have to remind him. I stood up on my toes and kissed him. He lifted me up causing our bodies to press together. Damn he was ready. He laid me on the bed and parted my legs. I felt his warm tongue slide over my clit. There it was. He could do this for hours but I knew that wouldn't be the case tonight. He was too wired. Getting engaged, finding out I was pregnant, shooting a …wolf. He would take me soon. My thighs squeezed his shaved head and I felt his slight goatee tickling them. I started rubbing and bit a pillow while I came, not wanting to wake the other guests. He knew what that shudder meant though. He knew every movement I made and every inch of my body like I knew his. He stood up off the bed and pulled me to the edge. I expected him to lay on top of me. He placed his hands under my ass and lifted my hips off the bed. "Come to me baby." "Don't want to hurt the baby." He whispered. I could hear the lust in his voice. "You won't." I assured him. He would worry about that. "We can work on it tomorrow. I'm a bit drunk tonight. I won't be doin that either. If you can't partake I won't either." I was about to tell him I didn't mind when he entered me. I grunted. I wanted to be sexier but when he fucked me it took me a while to get use to his size. That was why he always went down on me before. Always. He didn't want to hurt me. I fucking loved it. He took me slowly while I laid on the bed and watched him move, felt him fill me up and tried to control my breathing. Tonight he seemed different. He took one hand from under my ass and placed it on my belly and just gently rubbed. He seemed so much more intense. "What are you thinkin baby?" I whispered while he rocked back and forth so slowly in me. "I don't know. This place. This place is weird. Somethin about it makes me want to…I don't know. I wish you was showin. Or we was married. I want the world to know you are mine." "I am yours baby. One more day and we are gone. Now come down here. I want to feel all of your body on me. You won't hurt me. Come to me." He lifted me up and laid me gently long ways on the bed. I wrapped my legs around the back of his and felt his heat. His tongue entered my mouth. His soft lips caressing mine, in no hurry at all. There was no hurry. We belonged together, no matter what creature thought differently.