to fuck me." Edward turned her around and she maneuvered herself on her knees once more. He promptly laid a slap on her bottom, the action causing her to yelp. "That is for making me wait earlier," he chided. "Did you enjoy taking my cock earlier, with two men right outside?" She bit her lip before whispering, "Yes." Slap! "Imagine if they were listening. What if they caught us, Belle? Would you let them watch?" A needy moan was the only response she could muster. Slap! "You filthy girl," her husband continued. "You would've loved it, wouldn't you? Loved them watching me fuck you against the door." She cried out again, her legs falling open to reveal her swollen cunt. "Beg," Edward demanded. "Beg for my cock, Belle." She snapped her head back, her hair pooling onto her back. "Please," she breathed. "I need-I need your cock." A vicious growl worked its way out of her husband's chest, and he guided himself to her. Bella tensed, the familiar pain causing her to take a few breaths as her body slowly relaxed and accepted him. She adjusted her position on the bed to be more comfortable. Edward paused, waiting until he felt her body relax before slowly going deeper, his hand curling around her hip to steady himself once he was in far enough. Flush against her bottom, the other hand tugged her long hair backward, until he was right next to her ear. A long and satisfied groan reminiscent of a warrior who had won a viciously fought battle escaped, rattling her ears. "Jean-Phillippe and his friend could never imagine the pleasure I feel like this," he rasped, ignoring her squirming on his cock. "Your tight cunt so wet and perfect around me. The way you clench when I pull your hair slightly, like this-" he repeated the motion. "The way you look as you wait for me to fuck you." He started to move forcefully, gritting out each word to the rhythm of his thrusts. "They. Will. Never. Fuck. You. Like. I. Can." "They. Will. Never. Give. You. Pleasure. Like. This." He continued his motions, vigorously and unforgivingly. At some point, Bella had collapsed on the bed while her husband anchored his arms on either side of her and slammed his body onto hers. The impact created an amplified slap sound that caused her bottom to shake, a sight that further hardened him, and the sensation caused her to emit a series of escalating cries, as she held on. Then, for a second, Court popped in her mind like an unwanted display, but the damage had been done. She opened her eyes in dismay, struggling to re-focus on that sharp point of pleasure as she felt it slipping from her grasp. No, she gasped. No. Come back. She slid across the sheets for friction, but it wasn't enough. "Edward-" She pleaded, looking back at her husband, who looked up from where they were joined, hunger evident. "I-I can't-" It was mortifying to express in words, but she would not let this escape. She swallowed. "Touch me," she ordered. He immediately shifted forward and rubbed insistently at her clit. "Yes," she hissed in approval, almost maniacal in her search to rebuild the momentum she had lost. "Harder. More," she demanded. Those fingers obliged, while the other hand started to pinch her right nipple. She closed her eyes again and absorbed the weight of her husband, his soft grunts and determined touches, wondering what they must look like. What they looked like before. Slowly, she was able to climb to the edge again, until her toes dangled off the precipice. "Oh, oh-" She cried, pushing into him forcefully. Her husband, astute as ever, leaned over-the sculpted planes of his chest flattening against her back, increasing his pace. "Belle," he gritted, brushing her hair aside to reveal her smooth, delicate neck. He gripped her waist with both hands and exerted a particular violent thrust. Simultaneously, he bit her neck, the teeth scraping across the skin. Bella screamed, her release shattering through her, as if each bone in her body were made of glass. Her body grew slack as she greedily wrung out every drop of sensation until the haze began to clear. Blinking slowly, she began to feel sharp pinpricks of pain near her ribcage. She became aware that Edward was still thrusting, albeit erratically, his arms shakily holding on to her. After a few more minutes, during which an exhausted Bella impatiently waited for him to finish, Edward too came-collapsing on top of her. "Finally," Bella teased playfully, giggling like a lovesick teenager. In response, her husband blew a raspberry against her skin, their chuckles perfectly accompanying each other. The sweat pooled uncomfortably against their skin, but it was much too late for a bath. Instead, she gently shoved her darling husband off and dried herself with the sheets. As usual, he ignored her retreat and wrapped around her, while she shifted to make herself more comfortable for the moment, knowing they would separate by the morning. It wasn't romantic, but it was for the best-her husband's chest was not as comfortable as her pillow, and his body rivaled that of a furnace. Edward exhaled deeply, idly swatting his wife's hair away from his mouth. "For the record-you are neither a crane nor peacock. You are something much stronger-a swan." Bella snorted, gathering her hair to one side. "A creature known only for its beauty." "A creature known for its protectiveness," Edward corrected, kicking off the covers to feel the cool air on his skin. He pressed his lips against her forehead. "Protect your people, Belle. Regardless of any mistakes you make, know that I will always protect you." Bella closed her eyes gratefully. "Happy anniversary, my prince." "Happy anniversary, my queen." Thank you for reading! Don't forget to leave the author some love in a review, and please keep the contest anonymous, even if you know who the author is!