what I had been dreaming of for 15 long hours. "Clumsy, are we?" I said, grinning now. To my satisfaction she smiled, and then a giggle escaped her. Her laugh drove me crazy, the notes registering along my spine. It was so pretty, and the way she looked with her head thrown back, joy on her face was simply intoxicating. It surprised me how she could go from extreme humiliation to such joy so quickly. Suddenly, she bent over her cart, half collapsing. I was concerned for a moment that exhaustion from the flight had caught up with her. That would explain the hysterical laughter. "Are you okay?" I asked her as I took a step nearer. "I should be asking you that!" she answered, still giggling breathlessly. "Oh me? I'm fine. Though if Carlisle had seen you do that, you might have been locked up in a Chinese dungeon." I grinned at the image of my often overprotective father witnessing her run me down. "Run over your toe?" "You obviously know who I am." Of course she would know who I was. That left me at a distinct disadvantage because I still wasn't supposed to know her name. She rolled her eyes at me, a bit sarcastically I thought. "Uh yeah. You're pretty famous." Suddenly I noticed the bright white badge hanging from her neck. Of course the most intriguing woman I had ever met would be part of the press. I sighed and ran my hands through my hair, a nervous gesture I'd never quite managed to quell. "What? What's so bad about being famous?" she countered to my actions. In answer I pointed to the shiny white badge I had grown to despise. I could barely keep the scowl off my face. "You hate the press?" "Are we off record?" I desperately hoped so, hoped that her running into me was truly an accident rather than a ploy to get an interview with me. "Of course, do you really think we'd be on the record after I cause a whole glassful of water to be spilled on you and then I run over your golden toe with my luggage?" I sighed in relief. She certainly seemed sincere to me, and no one could mistake the truthfulness of her gaze. "Really, its fine." I replied, not quite able to contain my own smile of relief. "It better be, if I was responsible for killing your toe right before the Olympics I'd get tarred and feathered and run out of town." Finally she'd left me with an opening to show my interest! "I'd never allow that." I told her, hoping that she would notice how much I meant it. Suddenly, a strange look crossed her face. She looked...worried or incredulous, I wasn't sure which. "Well, good" she said almost hesitantly to me. An annoyingly cheerful voice I recognized as belonging to the sometimes pesky Alice Hale intruded into our conversation. I turned toward her and had to smile. She was standing with both hands on her hips, looking quite perturbed with Bella. A blond man who I assumed was her husband, was standing behind her pushing a cart piled extremely high with luggage. It was a wonder that it didn't topple over completely. I doubted I had ever seen that amount of luggage for two people in my life. The man was laughing from what I assumed was due to his wifes' energetic antics. After glaring at Bella for a moment, she turned her sights on me. "And Edward Cullen! Fancy seeing you here." Smirking, I shrugged my shoulders and answered her despite the fact that it was quite obvious why we had run into each other. "We were on the same flight." "Ah yes," she replied, "that's right. Are you ready to find a taxi Bella?" I smiled again. She really was great at playing the innocent. Almost, I turned to Bella to stop her, to find out where she would be staying, but the inner voice inside my head suddenly came to life once more. Focus. You need to focus and concentrate. Distractions cannot be allowed if you want to fulfill your dreams. I sighed. At least I would be able to see her again from a distance at the press conferences. Spying my mom and dad coming towards me, luggage piled high on the cart, I quickly flashed a smile at the trio and with a quick wave, turned away. A wave of disappointment flashed through me as I began to walk away from her, but I kept going. Somehow, I knew that if I saw her again, all my resolve to stay focused on my goals would dissolve with just one of her incredible smiles in my direction. As I neared, my mom and dad gave me curious smiles. "Who were those people you are talking to? Fans?" My mom asked curiously. "No. The woman with the dark, spiky hair is Alice Hale. You remember her, mom. She designed my racing suit." I left out any mention of Bella. Somehow, my mom had always been able to read me quite well. "Oh, now I remember! She's quite the spunky little thing, isn't she? Who was the other woman?" We were now entering dangerous territory. Turning away to hide my face from her, I answered. "Oh, she's Alice's friend. Actually, we never made it to the introductions. She's with the press." I kept my voice neutral, and was satisfied when my mom let it go. As we stepped outside into the heavily polluted Beijing air, I felt a shiver of excitement. This is what I was born for—to compete in the Olympics just like my dad. I knew I would succeed, there just wasn't any other option. I began to refocus my thoughts on the races ahead of me, yet as we boarded the taxi, I couldn't help but glance around for a glimpse of long mahogany hair and warm, chocolate brown eyes. please review guys!!