another voice I never expected. It was Jake. Alice and my face hung open in shock. "I know you Bella and as much I hate this I know that you won't forgive yourself if you don't go, but I am coming two." He said. "Sam can run things while I am gone." He said. Alice squealed happily. "Everything just disappeared!" Jake called Sam to inform him of what was happening. Soon we were on plane. Jake scowling and having my hand in a vice grip. It was a tense plane ride with hardly any sleep. Then we had to transfer flights. It seemed like an eternity before we were finally in Italy. When we landed, Alice stole a car from the garage. Jake loved the car. It was a yellow Porsche. Them loving the car was one thing they had in common. Time dragged on. Every mile closer to Voltera we became more tense. Finally, we could see the cities wall. We parked where the guard directed us. "You have ten minutes Jacob you need to stay here. He can't hear Bella and she needs to surprise him. He is giving into his theatrical side so at noon when the suns the highest he will come out from his place in the clock tower. She pointed quickly gave me directions and told me which way to run." I gave one last look at Jacob who had his arms crossed scowling. "I will be back I love you." I gave him one last kiss then ran for it. I used a little of my wolf speed and strength to push my way through the crowd. When I saw a break, I ran too late I realized I ran into a huge fountain. I ran across the water to the clock tower. There I saw him he had no shirt on. He had a pair of jeans on and no shoes. He could have been praying or napping how peaceful he looked. I flung myself into his arms and forcing him deeper into the shadows. His eyes snapped open. He looked into my eyes and he gasped. "Bella?" He asked. "Yes. I am alive and I am here. We got to move now." I said urgently. "How long have I been away?" He said his mouth opened in shock. "Not long enough." Jacob growled coming around the corner. "Now let's go before we all get killed." Jacob said bitterly. Jacob tossed Edward a shirt. "Let's go Bella." He said. "We will be outside the gates." I said. Jake and I ran for it. We made it outside the gates. As darkness approached I feared the worst. Jake said that Alice had given him plane tickets home for tonight. She told him no matter what that we were to be on that flight. My mind was spinning imagining all the horrible things that could be happening to them. Despite what Jake wants I must inform the rest of the Cullen's of Alice and Edwards death. I hated the prospect, but I knew that I tried my best. Jake was right if I hadn't tried I would have never forgiven myself. Our flight was in a few hours. "Bells I think it's time to go." He said gently. My eyes wide filled with tears. "I failed." I said my voice breaking. "You did everything you could Bella. I am sorry you are in pain I can't say I am sorry they are dead though." He said. Jacob held my sobbing form. He ran his fingers through my hair. It calmed me down. Darkness overtook the sky. The stars shone brightly over the city. I remembered Edward pointing out stars once to me. I wish I had paid more attention now. There would always be a part of me that loved him. He had thoroughly woven himself into my heart and mind. Sitting here with Jacob though it was easy to tell where I belonged. I loved Edward it was obsessive and possessive. Each of us puzzles that the other was trying to solve. With Edward though I always felt beneath him like I was not enough. With Jake I was his equal we fit together effortlessly. We headed to the airport and boarded our flight. I stared dejectedly out at the night sky. I closed my eyes as tears continued to fall. When we landed, Charlie was there I was surprised. He was angry. "Isabella Marie Swan! How dare you take off like that and dragging Jake with you! You are grounded!" He said. Jake stepped forward. "Charlie, it was an emergency. She needed my support." He said gruffly. "What happened?" Charlie asked. I started sobbing again and Charlies expression was shocked and horrified. Jake pulled me to him. "Alice and Edward Cullen are dead." He said indifferent. "Edward killed himself and Alice was taken down with him when she tried to stop him." He said. "Why would he do that?" Charlie asked shocked. "Me." I said sobbing harder. "What?!" Charlie demanded. "He didn't want to live without me." I said between sobs. I don't think I had ever cried so much in my life. "Come here kiddo this isn't your fault." I stepped away from Jake and into my dad's arms. He held me while I cried. Jake looked on sadly. We headed out the doors and got into the cruiser. "How did you know we were going to be here?" I asked. "Jake called me. He called me before you left and called me when you got to the airport." He said. It was a quiet ride home. No one said a word. We dropped Jake off and headed to the house. When we got home I trudged up the stairs and got into bed. I curled up into a little ball. I couldn't cry anymore so I shut my eyes and pretended that it was all a nightmare. I wish it was. After hours, I finally fell into an exhausted sleep.