each of us. "I don't want to leave you." My voice was only small and I'm surprised either of them heard me as I spoke into Jasper's shoulder. "We'll be there soon B, and you can phone whenever you want." Rose spoke and Jasper rubbed his hand on my back and kissed the top of my head. "What if you have so much fun without me and forget all about me over in the corner of Podunk?" "Never happen darlin'," Jasper chuckled at me. I smiled as his southern accent resurfaced, I didn't get to hear it often anymore, and I really did love it. "We'll be just as bored without you here as you are over there." I didn't believe that, but I let it drop and stood up. Jasper and Rose stood as well and we all looked at each other. Rose had tears all over her face and was sniffling quietly, I bit my lip the inside of my cheek and focused on keeping my tears at bay, Jaspers brow was pulled together and his eyes looked a shade darker. I pulled them both to me at the same time and we clung onto each other for a couple of minutes without saying anything before Rose pulled away. "I love you B, I'll see you real soon." She kissed my cheek and I gave her a genuine but watery smile. "I love you too, Rosie, I'll miss you." I turned back to Jasper and my heart broke; the tears I'd been holding back spilled over and another sob rocked through me. Ever since Jasper and Rose had moved to Phoenix, from Texas two years ago, we had been inseparable; these two weeks would be the longest by far, we had ever been apart. And the thought of it alone was breaking my heart. Jasper held his arms out to me and I melted against his chest. "It's gonna be okay, honey," he ran his fingers through my hair and held me tightly to him. "Shh, it's gonna be fine. We'll be there soon. You'll be fine." He spoke into my ear and his warm breath tickled over my skin. I held onto him tighter. "I love you." He pressed his lips to the top of my head. I lifted my head from his chest and crashed my lips to his in a lightning fast move. Jasper opened his mouth to me and pulled me inside. My hands ran up his arms and the sides of neck to his finally rest in his hair. I pulled the hat from his head and placed it on mine with a small smirk; Jasper chuckled against my lips and moved his talented mouth away from mine, trailing kisses along my neck. I gripped onto his shoulders as he nuzzled my necklace aside and his mouth latched onto my skin. I knew what he was doing when his teeth pressed down firmly on my skin and he began to swirl his tongue over the skin. He was marking me, telling any other boys to back the fuck up. I moaned at the action and the feelings he was creating in me. When he pulled back he winked at me, and I rolled my eyes at him. "You should get driving babe. I don't want you to have to drive all night." I nodded at him. "Phone me?" "Every second I get." I kissed his lips again and breathed in deeply; savouring his smell. "Good, I want to know about everything you've done. Show them how we do things." I laughed at him. "Have you got everything you need?" I hugged him to me, "Everything except you." "You have me," he nudged his hip into mine and I smiled at him. "Always?" I already knew the answer, but I couldn't stop myself from asking. "Always," I ran my fingers over our initials on his necklace, before I pressed my lips to them. Jasper took my hand in his and walked me over to my car; he opened her door and I stepped inside. Closing the door, bent down and folded his arms on the frame, resting his chin on his arms. He looked at me for a minute just smiling. I looked back at him, drinking in every single part of him. "Your hat," I went to take it off and give it back to him, but he stilled my hands and placed it firmly on my head. "It looks better on you darlin'." I laughed at Jasper's lie, but adjusted the hat on my head. I started the engine and readjusted my mirrors; fiddling with anything I could to prolong my departure. Jasper leant forward and kissed my cheek and whispered a few words of encouragement in my ear. "Go on, baby, you'll be fine. Go fuck that town up real nice for me." He showed me his goofy smile and I laughed with him. "I love you Jazz." "You too, baby. These two weeks are gonna kill me." I nodded my agreement and let my baby drift forward slowly. Jasper patted the door twice then stood back with his arms crossed. When I looked out to the road I could still feel his eyes trained on me. I pressed my horn twice as I saw a gap in the line of cars speeding towards me and took it. I raised one hand above my head and screamed my love for Jasper and Rose, I smiled when their voices drifted over to me. I flicked a switch on the dash and LowLife started to blare through the speakers, bringing the car to life. I hit the gas again and began to sing at the top of my voice as I sped towards Forks, happy in the knowledge that my two favourite people in the whole world would be there to share my torture in a matter of days. Then we would show the little town of Forks just what we could do.