disc of the top 20 songs right now then threw myself into the housework left over from last night, careful not to get anything on my outfit but all the time just trying to keep my mind of what was swiftly approaching. I checked the time – 7:30. Time to leave in twenty minutes. My dad was just leaving for work, as I heard him come downstairs I shouted a goodbye but he came into the kitchen where I was just removing an apron I had been using to protect my clothes. "Hey Bells," he gave me sort of patronizing half smile; making me worry about what was coming next. I nodded lightly, biting the inside of my cheek in nervousness. His eyebrows drew together slightly, "are you okay," I was rather taken aback by his serious tone, it had changed quite abruptly. "I'm, I'm fine – why?" I turned away from him, protecting him from my upset. I jumped a little as his hand came to my shoulder, turning me around gently, "listen Bella, I know that..." he paused tactfully, surprising me slightly, "things happened before – and I know kids can be horrible. If you don't want to do this you can pull out now, we'll find somewhere else and, if the worse comes to it," he seemed reluctant to finish his sentence, but did, "you can always go back with your mom," I shook my head, "no dad, I'm staying here, and as for the bullying thing – I'm over it now – it was a long time ago," I held up my lie quite well but I was dying to just change schools. I wouldn't cause my dad too much effort, he already has enough on his plate and now he's become a full time single parent on top of all of that. He leaned over, not very like him, and gave me a peck on the cheek, and a small hug. Affection wasn't both of our strong points but it was very appreciated at a time like this – clearly I hadn't fooled him as much as I thought I had. He turned to leave and I decided it was time for me to leave too; I hadn't yet been on a drive bigger than around two blocks since I got here, so I would most probably get lost anyway. I heard the front door slam closed as my dad left and I ran upstairs to grab my coat, CD, and iPod. I'm pretty much musical orientated, it provides a place for me to go into when I'm upset and when I have no one to turn to. It keeps me from falling in on myself. When I stepped outside I felt the familiar sense of caution enter me, the pink slabs which created a path from me to the truck were now a blood red due to last night's downpour, I carefully stepped across them, crossing the gravel to get to my also red truck, which I had thankfully been given yesterday by my father, because of one of his olds friends unfortunate disposition (he had been put into a wheelchair). I sort of enjoyed the visit of Billy; he had a son who drove him over who happened to have an extremely nice girlfriend, a little self interested now and again but all around a lovely girl, if I remember right her name's Leah; she stuck to him like glue the hole time and he couldn't keep his eyes off of her – to be honest, it made me jealous seeing them so happy. I sat in the comfy seat, sticking in my CD and blaring some old songs that were my mothers favourites, Whitney Houston, Celine Dion and lots of other cheesy love things – I hated to tell anyone about my true taste in music, just another reason for people to make fun of me. I started up the engine with a hard turn of the ignition, checking my mirrors then stamping down on the reverse – I swung out of the drive way and began my journey towards the school of hell. I followed the signs even though I still hoped in the back of my mind that somehow I would get lost in the new roads, but it seemed that it was easy enough – as I drove closer and closer I felt myself burst into several hot flushes and found myself exceedingly grateful that I had put on alot of deodorant before leaving the house. I drove quite quickly on the small boulevard and got the fright of my life when a silver car going at least 30mph OVER the speed limit drove near up my backside before changing lanes – I looked out of my side window, viewing the car as it sped off past me, wishing my dad had been somewhere nearby to catch the idiot – whoever it was should know that driving like that could cost lives. As much as I was fuming at the stupid driver my mind soon closed back in on what was coming next as I approached Forks high School, it looked more like a town hall than a school – not as big as the high school I had just transferred from. I looked for a car park and spotted it with only one car parked in it – the silver Volvo. I wondered why any student would be in such a rush to get to school – as they had already exited the car and there was no one around I still couldn't put a face to the thoughts. So I parked up the truck, turned off my music, stuck my iPod into my coat pocket and stepped out into the lion's den. As Bella Swan. *A.N – I hope you enjoyed! This chapter was just to see if you like it... Reviews, alerts, favs, - they all help me write faster so please please please review x*