to it and I sigh as our eyes never wander from each other's faces. "As I love you," he whispers back, and I close my eyes when he leans down and presses a light kiss to my lips. Something occurs to me and when he leans back; my eyes narrow as I think hard. "Hey, Edward?" "Yes, love?" "How did Dad know?" I ask, frowning. "The Blacks' house is far enough that he couldn't have heard me screaming…or crying…" Edward growls when I say that, and it's only after a moment of difficulty that he does answer. "Alice. She saw you here in the hospital and immediately called." "But how did she get Dad to come after me without…well, you know." He smirks. "Without revealing her gift?" I nod. "Simple. She asked if you were around and okay because you weren't answering your mobile. Charlie told her that you were speaking with Jacob and Alice told him that she didn't think that was a good idea because she'd noticed how violent he'd become recently and suggested that he find you immediately to make sure you're okay." I blink in surprise. "And he wasn't suspicious?" "No. He was more grateful than anything, especially after he found you," he sighed. "And…" I begin, filled with dread as I think of what I'm about to ask him. I want to know, but at the same time a large part of me doesn't. "And how did you find out?" Edward sighs, and for many minutes, he does not speak. He looks down at our intertwined hands, swallowing repeatedly. He also opens his mouth many times, but nothing comes out. Finally, he does answer. "Alice called me first after she had the vision. She didn't tell me specifics, only that it was about you and that I needed to come home immediately. I did as she asked…" He takes a deep breath, shuddering as he releases it. His eyes close and, in that moment, the pain on his face is so bad that I know he'd be crying if he could. "When I got there, she told me. I tried to make my way to you, but she got Jasper and Emmett to hold me back. I very nearly got away from them, but then Carlisle stepped in and helped them hold me down. Alice told me that she'd already called Charlie and that I needed to calm down so I could go to the hospital and wait for you with Carlisle and Emmett there, just in case I tried anything, of course. Your father called just as we arrived, and I told him I'd be there by the time he was." I sniffle, then breathe in deeply. I hate that I've caused him so much pain. I should have known better than to provoke Jacob. "I'm sorry." Edward looks at me with fire in his eyes. "No. You did nothing wrong. Jacob is not in his right mind. The dog gene affected him badly. Believe me, love, as much as it pains me to say, I don't believe it is even Jacob's fault, at least to a certain degree. Still, he needed to be punished." His eyes grow even darker with anger. He raises our combined hands just a little, pressing a kiss to them. "It's a vampire's right to defend their mate when they have been wronged or hurt. It is our right to seek revenge and no tribal law will halt that. Even Carlisle agreed, and you know how he feels about conflicts." He looks at me and I nod. He looks down for a moment, his face crumbling. "God, Bella. To see you unresponsive in your father's arms, to see the bruises that mongrel had left on you, the mars on your perfect skin." He looks into my eyes, pleading, though I'm really not sure what for. "I had to exact revenge. I had to. The thought of him getting away with—" "Edward, stop," I whisper. My hand is once again pressed lightly to his face, and I take the opportunity to stroke it with the back of my fingers. "Don't torture yourself. I understand why you did what you did. I understand. If anyone ever hurt you…" I swallow and take a deep breath, easily ignoring the constant sting in my ribs because of Edward's touch and that sweet electricity that we share. "Hush, love," Edward says, reaching up with one hand to cup my cheek. "Let's not talk about this anymore, hmm? You need to rest as much as you can before you are discharged." I nod, and hum in acquiescence. For several moments there's a comfortable silence. My mind tries to forget everything that happened last night, but it's too hard. As a new question comes to me, I try to hold off, but I speak it before I can stop myself. "What's going to happen now?" Edward sighs, and I almost open my eyes to look at him again. But his touch calms me and I wait for his answer. "Now? We will move on with our lives, love. We'll be married in a few weeks, and then we will have our forever." I smile. "You promise?" Instantly, the electricity grows stronger. I gasp, knowing he's closer now. I sigh softly as he presses a kiss to my lips, and then to my forehead. "I swear ," he whispers. And then I slowly drift to sleep with a smile on my face because I know that everything is going to be okay. Ok. Deep breaths now. That was a long one, wasn't it? Holy shit. So as I said above, like, way up above, I will have a shorter outtake from EPOV of him giving it to Jacob. ;) If you want his reaction to the news, then I'll do it. Just ask :) Anyways, I hope you enjoyed this. If you are hanging out for that outtake, make sure you alert the story. Please review! bexie25