my birthday for ... ten more minutes!" Then her face falls. "The car's coming soon. I don't wanna go home yet." "You're leaving?" Edward asks, and I feel his posture stiffen just a bit. "Um, yeah. We have a limo picking us up. Alice's husband set it up for us. So, yeah," I say, turning my head to the right so I can see him. His eyes are staring into mine. "How'd you like that drink?" he asks. "It was good." "So you didn't see anything else you wanted while you were over there?" His eyes drop to look at my lips, then a little lower. Now I'm wondering just how much cleavage I might be flashing. And I'm wondering just how much liquor was in that drink and how drunk I am because he almost seems interested in me. There's just no way. "Well, I mean ..." He nods. "I get it. It's cool. You ladies have a nice night. And happy birthday." With that, he takes his hand off my waist, picks up his tray, and heads back to the bar. I miss him as soon as he's gone. He doesn't look back over at me the rest of the time I'm there, and when Alice's phone buzzes, telling us the limo's waiting, I sigh. The sense of rejection I feel is stupid. Edward would never want someone like me. Not that I'm old enough to be his mother, but I'm pretty sure there's probably at least five years between us. That might not be a lot when you're in your 30's or 40's, but when he's most likely in his 20's and I'm in my 30's, it's like a hundred light years in time. Still, I can't shake the missing him I already feel. The girls stumble their way toward the door, and I grab Alice's arm. "I need to go pay for my last drink. I'll meet you outside," I tell her then turn toward the bar. Edward's down on the opposite end, so when some other guy asks what he can get me, I tell him I need to talk to Edward. After a few moments, he makes his way toward me, and his eyes get a little wider before narrowing as he slides up to the counter. "Can I help you, Bella?" "You asked if I saw anything behind the bar I might want." He nods. "Yeah?" I'm not even close to drunk, but I feel brave. "I did. I do." He watches me for a few seconds before leaning toward me as he did earlier. "What do you see?" he asks. His voice is soft, but raw and hungry. "You." I swallow down the laugh that's threatening to break through. The ridiculousness of this situation is finally making itself known to me. I feel like a fool. "But, I know you'd never be interested in someone like me. It's silly to even entertain that idea, and I'm sure it's some kind of old lady flirting bet you make with the other guys, so I'm just gonna go. But thank you for the drink earlier. It was wonderful. Goodnight." I turn and hurry out the door, feeling the cool breeze on my face once I'm outside. It's late August so it's not really cold, but it is Forks after all, and it was really warm inside the bar. I let out a deep breath as I start toward the waiting limo. My cheeks warm from the humiliation that's starting to grow within me. What was I thinking? As if someone like me would ever stand a chance with a guy like Edward. Clearly, I'm losing my mind. And I can't even blame it on the alcohol because I'm not drunk. Not the slightest bit. "Bella!" I hear from behind me. Suddenly there's a hand on my arm, turning me around. "Why do you think I wouldn't be interested in you?" Edward asks as he pulls my body toward his. I can smell him again. Everything about him is stunning. I keep my eyes focused on his collarbones, which are just peeking out of his shirt. "I'm too old for you." He laughs and brings his free hand up to my cheek. "You're what, like 25?" "No," I say, shaking my head. My voice is quiet, shy. Almost ashamed. "I'm 31." He tilts my head up until he can see my eyes. He stares into them for what feels like forever before finally leaning down and touching his forehead to mine. "You don't look it." I'm frozen when his lips press against mine the first time, and the second time. By the third time, I press back then wrap my arms around his waist. Our lips are moving together, and this is crazy, but when I feel his tongue lick against my lip, I snap out of it and pull away. But not completely away. Just my lips from his, and I'm breathing hard and fast. "I have to go." "Come back. Next Friday night. Please?" he asks, his lips lightly kissing my cheek as he waits for my reply. "Okay." "Bella!" Alice yells from the car, and then I hear her and Jessica giggling as they make kissy sounds. "I have to go." "Friday," he says just before he kisses me once more, and then he lets me out of his arms. I nod. "Friday." As I walk away, turning around several times to glance back at him, I smile. Holy fuck, he's hot. This is totally not my life. o*O*o*1*o*O*o A/N: There's a banner for this on my Facebook profile. You can find me under Bee Lynn, thanks to the FB Name Police. Whatever. Also EdwardsBloodType wanted Bella to be 41 instead of 31. I said no, that would be icky. That'd be like me dating one of my son's friends. Ew. :D And the drink Edward makes is real. There's a picture of that on my FB, too. It's kinda pretty. :)