that to vampires. They are strong. Fast." They were death, Bella didn't add. A real physical manifestation of death on Earth. They feasted on life. On blood. Bella knew. She had given enough snacks to Edward. "Yes I did Bella. But he escaped. I will find him though. I will find him and Jane. I will find and kill them all. But I need your help. These swords are Katana. I have no idea where they came from or how they were forged. All I know is they grant their hosts the spirit and power inside them. I can fight vampires. I am strong. I am fast. And Bella … I am very, very angry. But the swords are the most powerful when both have hosts. Not just anyone can wield one. If an unworthy person holds the sword, it becomes heavy. Too heavy for even a vampire to lift. But you can lift it Bella. You can use it. The two of you … it belonged to Summer. It will belong to you." "I'm not a fighter Winter. I never was. You know that. We used to hide, remember? Hide in the corners and talk about how nice it would be if we were invisible. No one would notice us. Not that many did but we couldn't be picked on for being different. We couldn't be hurt." "We are different Bella. We can be hurt. But we can be more. We can fight back." "What makes you think I can hold that thing? I've been called a lot of things in my life, but worthy? Only a vampire once, told me I was worth it. Looking back on it now I wonder if he meant me as a person or because …" "Because vampire gifts do not work on you, right Bella?" Chris asked. Bella nodded. "I think they wanted me to protect their coven. Aro wants me for the same reason." "Try it Bella. Try to hold the katana. It won't hurt you. It won't do anything until you accept it. Just try." Winter implored. "Winter…" "Try damn it! Stop being a coward and pick up the damn sword Bella!' Winter practically screamed standing up. "Calm down Winter." Chris told her gently, placing a hand on her shoulder and guiding Winter back to her seat. "Don't come in my house and call me a coward! You have no idea what I have been through, what I have done! How dare you? You don't know shit about me!" Bella yelled back. "I know you let yourself be tortured because you were tricked into thinking your mother was kidnapped by one of these bastards! I know you cut your arm to save your pussy boyfriend! I know you ran into a den of monsters to save him. I know you weren't a coward when Summer was knocked down by Ricky in fifth grade and you took a baseball bat and hit him in the knees before he could spit on her. You weren't a coward when you left that bastard vampire. What did you leave for? For this? This piece of shit shack in the middle of nowhere? Why? So you can live to be ninety like this? Or drink and smoke yourself to death before you are forty? Why not just save the vampires the trouble and kill yourself if you are too damn scared to live?!" The two women were now both standing, face to face, inches from each other. "Pick up the Katana, Bells." Winter whispered. "I need you. Please." Bella looked down at Winter's hand and saw the blade, handle pointed towards her. The grip appeared to be carved out of bone, it's maker carving it into a long serpent with the dragon's head pointing down. The pleading in her eyes. "I need revenge. You need to live. I lost my sister. I need you. Please Bells. Just like on the playground. I was too scared to do anything for Summer then. You weren't. I need you." Bella reached out and grasped the handle. Wrapping her hand around it she caressed it. It felt so familiar. Winter took her hand away. The blade was light. Only a small amount of weight, less than a pound. She waited for the blade to grow heavy. Instead it seemed to become more comfortable in her hand, and she felt a longing for it, just like in her dream. A longing to pick up the blade and kill Jane. Bella pulled the blade from its black scabbard and held it before her eyes taking in the glint off its very sharp edge. "Bella before you make any decisions there are some things you need to know…" Chris began. Bella however never took her eyes off Winter. "I've been making decisions, mostly bad ones, my whole life without knowing what I was getting into. I would hate to break the streak. Besides I'm due for a good decision. My friend needs me." Bella said before Chris could finish. "I don't know the first thing about sword fighting. I know nothing about fighting at all really." Bella told the two. "We will teach you. And there are others. This is bigger than just the three of us. The President right now is assembling a task force to assist the two of you. Winter has already undergone military training. You will as well." Chris said. The President? Bella thought. "Are you in?" Winter asked. Bella nodded. "Say it. Say you will do it. Say you will fight beside me." "I will fight beside you." Bella said confidently. Winter was right. It was time to stop living in fear. "That's what I needed to hear." Winter whispered. She pulled her own sword and crossed it with Bella's blade. A bright light exploded in Bella's vision. Her body went rigid, a feeling of electricity flowing through it. The last thing she felt before blacking out were Chris's arms catching her before she hit the ground