was 4th period, which I had with Bella. We were sat next to each other in that class too. Teachers are so stupid these days. It was lunch time and I went out to meet Bella, and saw a guy with his hands on her, and she was obviously trying to knock him off, but he wouldn't listen. I dropped my lunch and stormed off to see that the douche was that vile, retched, Mike Newton. That kid just never learns. I walked over and knocked him in the face, hearing his teeth rattle. I was so much bigger, but he also had an advantage of being smaller so he ducked often when I tried to hit him, only occasionally succeeding. He punched me, though I barely felt it, but I did. Just a bit. So I picked him up and smashed him against a tree. There was blood running down his face, and he had a black eye, he was hunched over in pain. I faintly heard Bella telling me to stop, but all I saw was red. I looked down to see that where he got the one punch in, I had an indent of a fingernail. That's it. When are people ever going to learn to tuck your thumb in when you punch? I backed up and turned around, seeing I had drawn a crowd. Bella wasn't there, so I ran to find her. I turned the hallway to see Bella and the whore, Lauren Mallory fighting. I started walking up to them, and I heard what Lauren was saying. "Why did you like, have your hands all over him? You already have a man, like why the fuck do you need to have Mike. I don't know what Edward sees in you, but obviously he sees past your flaws. I'm surprised he hasn't, like, dumped you yet. For like, someone better, like, me." Bella flipped shit.. "I'm sorry to disturb you, but I have had enough of your snarky comments, Bimbo. If you think I have flaws, try looking in a mirror. Oh wait, you can't because it'll shatter when it sees your orange skin and nasty banana hair. If you want to look like Barbie, with the perfect tan, try not looking like the offspring of a raped Cheeto, kay? And heads up, try not to pop your plastic boobs, or let the tissue paper fall out of your slutty ass shirt." Lauren lunged at Bella at the same time Bella went for her. Lauren grabbed Bella's hair, and Bella did the same, yanking on it and ended up with a yellow wig. Lauren's natural hair was an ugly brown, that looked like dog shit. She screeched at Bella and went to smash her palm up Bella's nose, but she grabbed Lauren's hand and twisted it behind her back. Lauren started crying, then quickly composed herself and started clawing at Bella's face while Bella was still yanking on Lauren's dog shit. I ran up behind Bella and grabbed her from behind, around her waist and tried to pull her off, but Bella didn't want that. She yelled at Lauren. "The fuck do you think you are?! You don't know a thing about me Blondie. Go fuck yourself and the rest of the damn school in the janitor's closet. I don't give a shi-" I cut her off. "Bella, come on, that's enough. We can talk about this later, but sweetheart, you need to calm down. We can talk about this later alright?" "Nn-no! Let me go! I h-hhave to hit her and punch her and KILL her and just Let. Me . Fucking. GO! " She struggled against me, kicking and screaming while I dragged her off. This girl is going to burst my eardrums before I can hear what actually happened. I took her to the parking lot and went to the car. I sat down and pulled her onto my lap with her head on chest. She slumped down and then the dam broke. She sat there and sobbed for about 15 minutes, my shirt was covered in salty tears. She was sniffling and her body was wracking with sobs and whimpers. Her tiny fingers had my shirt collar grasped tightly while she shook. I sat there and pulled her closer while rubbing her back and kissing the top of her head. "Bella, sweetie, can you tell me what happened? Please baby, you have to tell me, I need to know what happened. Let me in, let me help you. I love you and I want to help. What did she say angel?" "She said you would never love me. That'd you'd leave when she got to you. She called me a frigid bitch, incapable of loving, and an ugly, slutty, whore. I don't know why it's affecting me so much, but I just don't feel worthy of your love. I'm not worth it. I'm just some girl wh-" "Bella?" I asked, wiping the stray tears from her face. "What?" "I love you, and nothing will change that. What she said isn't true. You know what? She is jealous of you. I'm sure every girl is jealous of you. You're beautiful, nice, kind, warm, stunning, gorgeous, and have traits that no one else can compare to. You're worthy of anyone's love, and I'm just glad you chose mine. You need to stop feeling so insecure. You were made the way you are for a reason, and I appreciate you for you. Nothing will ever come between us, alright?" "Okay, okay. I'm sorry. I just.. I'm a girl, and sometimes hearing those type of words come from another girl really shakes me. I will try not to be so insecure. I'll be better." "I love you, Bella." I whispered gently to her. "I love you too, Edward." I started this story and published it, but I plan on reusing it, editing it, and adding on to it. I hope you like it! :) -Natalie