could still bleed and feel pain. "And last but not least," her gaze shifted to the book that he had in his hands, "Romeo and Juliet, for two reasons. Firstly, because our backgrounds are similar to those in the story and secondly, because I know how much my darling loves it and how she wished to have a copy here at our home." She couldn't believe the enormity of the surprise he gave her. It made her own seem mediocre and less important, though she still couldn't wait to see the look on his face when he saw his own surprise. When he showed Renesmee her surprises, he was so happy to see the look of shock and delight he had placed upon her face. She loved it, he knew this. She loved every single aspect of it, and there was even more to it. When he walked it, he first saw his love standing in a beautiful room. There were candles placed around the room, but other than that the lights were all off. Paper hearts were hanging from the ceiling, vases of red and pink flowers strewn around the room. The fire was lit and giving off both light a warmth. He heard soft, love music playing in the background. She had done a wonderful job decorating the place and he could practically feel the love she poured into it. The fact that it was done all for him made him glow. She led him into the dining room where, to his confusion, a meal sat set for two. He looked at her questioningly. She just grinned at him and led him to his seat. He sat down, where a blood red steak, some potatoes, a breadstick, and a glass of blood sat waiting for him. "I know the meal and the decoration isn't much but─" He cut her off. "Nonsense, you have done more than enough for me, my love." She smiled at him and he melted. "I wanted to cook something that you could eat too. Tanya gave me the idea of making a very rare steak for you. You can't eat the potatoes or the breadstick but you can drink the blood and eat the steak. Apparently, vampires do it all the time." He was astounded by the thought she put into the meal. He couldn't eat human food and she knew how he missed it, so she found a way for him to be able to eat it and still survive. It couldn't be more perfect. "And," she said as they were eating, "I have this letter for you. You can read it whenever you want. It's from Jane." Jane. He missed his sister dearly. And yet, Renesmee had found a way to make that dream come true, too. "Renesmee, you may not think it, but you have given me the most perfect Valentine's Day I will ever have." Dinner was over and the gifts were put into their respective places where they would be loved for many years to come. It was now just Alec and Renesmee. The lights were only the candles and no music was played, except for the rhythm of their heartbeats as one. Her arms were wrapped around his neck and his arms were wrapped around her waist and they stood there for many minutes, just hugging. "Alec?" Renesmee asked, not breaking her hold on him in the slightest. "Yes, my love?" he asked in the most caring voice a man could ever have. "I love you, more than you'll ever know," she said softly. "No one has ever loved anyone as much as I love you," her words sounded much like her own mother's when speaking to her husbands, though Renesmee did not know this much. "That is not true my love," he said, causing her to frown before he could even finish. "I love you just the same amount, if not more. I love you so much Renesmee, I am lucky to have you in my life." And with that, he broke his hold on her, upsetting them both. Before she could protest, he got down on one knee. "This is not a proposal, my darling, as I know you are not ready for that. But this ring is a promise ring and is a symbol of my undying love to you. Would you so kindly wear this as a promise of your affections?" he asked and she nodded speechlessly. He slipped the beautiful ring gracefully onto her small hand, where it fit perfectly and looked like it belong. He then gathered her back into his arms just as she was before. He began to slightly sway with her in his arms and they slowly danced. Alec began to hum La Vie En Rose as they danced in the candlelight. "Happy Valentine's Day," Renesmee murmured as she buried her head into his chest as they dance. "Happy Valentine's Day," he said back. Soon, he began to softly sing, serenading her with his soothing voice. And even as the candles died, they still danced into oblivion, where their love would take them to better heights and new places. " Hold me close and hold me fast, the magic spell you cast, this is la vie en rose. When you kiss me, heaven sighs, and though I close my eyes, I see la vie en rose. When you press me to your heart, I'm in a world apart; a world where roses bloom. And when you speak, angels, sing from above. Everyday words seem to turn into love songs. Give your heart and soul to me and life will always be la vie en rose….." And They Danced Into Oblivion I am rather proud of my ending, and if you like it please tell me so! I would love to hear all feedback from my love readers! Do you love it? I would love your feedback as reviews are love and it is the season of love! ~Beautifully Falling