used the same treatment as I did the fuller after his accident this past spring. We shall see – for fuller and horse are two separate creatures indeed." "Ask the lord's son and I don't know that he would agree," Isabella mused. "I must admit, these are heroic efforts to take for a beast. But the lord has promised compensation that should make the coming winter quite comfortable for this household." Charles sat on the edge of Isabella's sleeping pallet and took her hand. "Thank you for caring for our guests this evening, Daughter. Your welcome and proficiency with their accommodation is yet more evidence that you are leaving girlhood behind and growing into a maiden both mature and wise." "It is simply evidence that you have taught me civility and kindness." Charles smiled down at his beautiful daughter. "Your eyes are shining this evening. It hearkens to mind the way your mother's beauty would glow from within when she was on the cusp of some astronomical discovery." "It is not astronomy or philosophy that has stars strung in my eyes, Father. I think it's simply the appearance of two strangers at our homestead." "Ah, yes. Lord Cullen and his son do import an exotic air." Isabella sat up in bed. "It is not just air! They have an exotic style of dress, and an exotic accent to their speech, and exotic ideas about how to care for an injured mare. I half expected them to pull golden dust out of a hidden purse to sprinkle over our common dinner faire." Charles chuckled and squeezed his daughter's hand. "It is the woods and the close familiarity this small village brings with it. Perhaps in maintaining this life and remaining within this village that holds memories of your mother and your childhood, I have kept you too much from the world. Perhaps I have robbed you of the opportunity for your mind to explore the world beyond Bryn Athyn." "Oh no, Father! I love the life we share. I have everything I could ask for right here in this home, on this parcel of land. While my body has been bound to this village, you've let my mind fly freely every evening. I feel I have journeyed eons as we converse before sleep." "Lord Cullen is also on a journey of discovery with his young son. His boy has a curious mind, and the lord hopes to quench his thirst for exploration so that he might settle down to his duty." "His duty? Does it involve that mare?" Isabella giggled. "I believe he is bound for the priesthood. The third son is always conscripted thus, especially among nobility of City Center." "I believe the lord's son would make a curious priest." "Isabella." Charles used his daughter's name in censure. While they might explore wild philosophies about science and religion between themselves, he prayed that she could contain her notions so that they would not bring rebuke from their noble borders. His daughter lay back and pulled her coverlets to her chin. "Yes, Father," she sighed. Charles kissed his daughter's forehead and groaned as he stood to his feet. "Caring for the fuller was not so physically demanding." "Would you like me to draw you a salt bath to ease your limbs before slumber?" "No, dear daughter; you rest. I am inclined to believe that our guests may exhaust us both over the course of these next few days." As the door to her bedchamber clicked closed, Isabella was farther than ever from losing herself to dreams. 'The next few days'. Her father had awakened such longing with such a simple phrase. The prospect of conversing with the lord and his son, while studying the mannerisms and customs of the noblemen, illuminated her imagination and filled her with unbounded excitement. She tossed and turned and studied the visitors in her mind's eye. She thought of the young man bound for priesthood, yet harboring boyish beliefs about the sanctity of his steed. She was quite certain Friar Randolph would never entertain such immature folly. And then there was the way in which Lord Cullen likened his son's delusion to that of a woman. That set Isabella tossing and turning once more. Why must men believe that what stirred in her chest and hips must somehow muddle her mind? Isabella finally gave in to the notion that sleep was a destination immediately elusive, and found that her excitement had left her mouth parched. She slipped quietly from her chamber, tiptoed through her cottage, and then carefully unlatched their back door in order to draw water from the courtyard well. Instead of bringing the bucket back into the house and risk noise or a puddle, she drank directly and basked in night noises and starlight as water slipped down her throat, escaped the corners of her mouth, and trickled down the front of her nightgown. As she tried to wipe away the water, she cast her eyes about in search of a cloth and was surprised to find a light glowing from within the stable, flickering like fire. Worried that her fatigued father may have forgotten to dampen the oil taper, Isabella rushed to the barn to make certain the flame was contained. Instead of fire, though, she found the young nobleman seated on the floor of the freshly mucked stall. His vest was unlaced so that his white, silken undershirt hung loose against his chest. His horse's head lay in his lap, and he ran his hand through the mare's mane, and held her gaze with a look of pained devotion. It reminded Isabella of the gentleness that her father showed to his charges, although she was certain that this man's sentiments were somewhat wasted on an animal. Nevertheless, this unusual tenderness stirred her soul, and she felt compelled to leave him in peace. xXxXx This baby will update on Fridays. Find me on facebook at belladonna . fanfiction or on Twitter at BellaDCullen.