pay her. Just her lips against my neck was worth it. I mean, if her lips felt that good in that area, they'd probably feel like fucking velvet on my... "Shiiiiit." Her hand found my dick. BELLA POV What the fuck was wrong with me? Seriously, I didn't do these kind of things, but my hand had other plans. My hand was acting like a slut, reaching for Edward's dick like a flower seeking sunlight. I swear, it had a mind of its own. Oh! Little Edward was happy to meet me, twitching when I greeted him with a firm handshake. Wait, what the fuck did he mean by terms ? "Terms?" I whispered into the crook of his neck, continuing to pump his formidable shaft. "Like of endearment?" "Ahhhhhhhh," he replied, his body becoming slack against me. "We don't need to define things, if that's what you mean," I blathered. Shit, I was about to give oral. No, not oral sex . Jake always called my propensity to babble during foreplay my - air quotes - giving oral. Fuck, why did I have to think about Jake at a time like this? I was in danger of losing my lady hard-on. Now I was babbling in my own head - giving oral to myself, so to speak. Pretty impressive. "I just mean we don't have to discuss terminology or anything. I'm not exactly looking for a boyfriend." He made a snorting sound that might have been a laugh. "No kidding." "Not that I'm opposed to the idea of commitment - I just don't think we should get ahead of ourselves by defining . . . this." My other hand became impatient with my monologue and grabbed his ass, pressing into his firm cheek with an enthusiasm that was spastic. "I'm such a whore," I groaned. His body stiffened. "You don't have to do this." I nodded, cuddling against his chest. "I know I don't. You just seem to really need it." Gah! I didn't mean it like that. "You have no idea," he sighed, cupping my face in his hands. "Maybe we could just, I don't know, talk? Snuggle? Watch a movie?" I thought he mumbled something after that. Something like, "What a fucking idiot." I assumed he referred to the snuggle comment. Guys didn't tend to snuggle. Did they? I deferred to another subject. "What about the pudding?" "No!" he squeaked. "You don't . . . I mean, we shouldn't." "Oh." My face fell. "You don't have any pudding." Damn. "Oh, I have pudding alright," he growled, thrusting into my hand. "Um . . . okay?" "No!" he said, trying to pull away, but my hand didn't seem to want to release him. "I like you. You don't have to let me come on your face." "That's, um . . . sweet?" Oh my god! "I just mean - and don't feel like you have to let go of my cock while I say this - we can be friends. It doesn't have to be about, er, business." He kissed my cheek. " CUM asen," I drawled, jerking him in earnest now. "Just Masen." "No, come , Masen! Come on my hand . . . not my face." "Oh, fuck," he moaned, dropping his head to my shoulder, chanting "fuck, fuck, fuck," over and over again as I stroked him. Both my hands were on his dick now, my left one becoming rather saucy, crawling down his shaft to roll his balls, while my right one tugged his entire length. I wished I had lube or something. This couldn't have been that- Oh! Never mind. "Oh... shit, I'm so gonna lose my job!" he cried, his cock throbbing. I pointed it at my stomach and watched him explode, jizz spraying me in three distinct squirts. "That's hot." I mean, it was totally hot. Not that I usually enjoyed being painted, but something about Edward spraying me nearly sent my pussy into a convulsive seizure, if you caught my drift. "Fuuuuuuck," he swore again. "I like you." I wrapped my arms around his neck and gave his mouth a chaste kiss. "Jesus, Bella . . . I like you too." His face reddened, and I wondered if it was from embarrassment or excitement. "I'm sorry about your clothes." "Don't worry about it, CUM asen. This outfit could only be improved upon by your sperm. Do you have a shirt or something I could change into?" "Of course! I'll be right back, okay?" He kissed me again and squeezed my hand, the one that didn't have his spunk on it. "Just make yourself at home. Help yourself to a drink, if you want." He buttoned his pants and walked down a narrow hallway I presumed led to his bedroom. I liked his apartment. It was big by New York standards, and the kitchen actually had a bit of counter space. I rummaged through his fridge and helped myself to can of Guinness. "Are you hungry?" I heard him call from his room. "Totally!" "Check the cupboards, or we can order pizza if you want." But there was really only one thing I craved. "Hold on," I hollered, opening a narrow pantry door beside the fridge. There they sat, neatly piled on the top shelf beside a box of melba toast. Pudding cups! "Did you find something?" he asked, as I set the box on the counter. "Is this for me?" His jaw dropped, and I grabbed the shirt he had tucked under his arm. "When you said . . . before, that you wanted, um . . ." I lifted my soiled top over my head and looked at Edward as I proclaimed, "I'm going to eat your pudding." Author's Note: Thanks for reading! This can stand alone as a one-shot, but Jo and Flanny might choose to expand it into a short multi-chapter in the new year. We're playing things by ear. We'd love to know what you think!