a small but beautiful ceremony with yellow roses and smiles abounding, and when we kissed at the altar, I'd never known a greater joy. But a greater joy awaited that night, and I was so nervous I could hardly keep still. I was more than ready physically and emotionally, but I couldn't shake the fear that I might somehow let Edward down. And the very thought of that was crippling. "Hey." He came to stand behind me at our hotel suite's window. "What's wrong?" "Noth—" I sighed, swallowing the lie. "I'm nervous." "About?" "What do you think?" "Hmmm." He wrapped his arms around my waist. "Maybe about the prospect of finally doing something we've been dreaming and fantasizing about our whole lives and the horrible possibility of it not living up to our improbably high expectations. But that's just a guess." "That's a pretty good guess." "Listen." He rested his chin on my bare shoulder. "Whatever tonight turns out to be, it is already the best night of my life." "How can you say that?" "Because today you did me the extraordinary honor of becoming my wife. So touching you, tasting you, making love to you tonight can only be an extension of that honor." He turned me in his arms, his emerald eyes alight with love. "An honor, Bella, that is all mine." That familiar tingle ghosted across my breasts, and I released a heavy breath. "I love you." "I love you, too. Now let me show you just how much." Edward brushed my hair back from my face, cupping my cheek before bringing his lips to mine. And though he'd already kissed me several times today, I actually felt that this kiss was different than the rest. Because now there were no more rules to rules to observe or lines we couldn't cross. There was him and me and nothing else between us. Edward deepened our kiss, his hands in my hair as he stroked my tongue with his. I slid my hands over his perfect ass, and he groaned into my mouth. The sound went straight between my legs, and I broke away to kiss his neck, nipping the sensitive spot beneath his jawline. As I licked and sucked the delicate skin there, Edward pulled back, his gaze hooded and dark. "Turn around." I did as he asked, breathing raggedly as he unfastened the tiny buttons on the back of my dress, kissing the back of my neck all the while. He slid the lacy fabric off my shoulders to reveal my bare back, licking a hot trail down the center of my spine. As he shoved my dress to the floor, he gasped at the discovery that I wasn't wearing underwear. I clamped my lips shut as his warm hands caressed my hips and slid around my waist and over my belly to cup my bare breasts from behind. He held them so gently I could have cried. "Bella," he murmured into my neck. "God, you feel so good." "Edward..." "And you're so soft." He ran his thumbs over my nipples, teasing them into peaks. "I can't... I can't stop touching you." I arched into his hands. "I wanna touch you too." Edward didn't reply but took my hand and placed it against the front of his pants. The sheer feel of him was shocking, and I pressed my palm against his length. He shuddered behind me, squeezing my breasts with greater pressure, and we rubbed and moaned against each other until Edward grabbed my wrist, panting into my ear. "Now, Bella." He swallowed hard. "Please." The need in his voice danced across my skin, and I climbed silently onto the bed while Edward gracelessly unbuckled his pants and yanked off his underwear. I didn't have time to appreciate the raw sight of him before he was on top of me, kissing and touching me everywhere at once. He rolled his hips against me, rubbing our nakedness together, and when a desperate "please" escaped my lips, he settled between my legs and raised his head. His lips parted as if to speak, but the look in his eyes said it all. And I held onto that look as he pushed inside me. There was pain, which I expected, but it was the range of emotion on Edward's face—the joy, the agony, the relief of finally being together—that brought me to tears. In his eyes, I saw everything I felt and couldn't express, and I was honored to share that moment with him. And to know we would only ever share such moments with each other. So we moved slowly together, Edward starting and stopping with every furrow of my brow. He was so careful not to hurt me, so concerned with my comfort, and his tenderness was touching. But just having him inside me wasn't enough. I needed his passion and power, needed him to claim and love me like he promised. So when he paused again, I cupped his face and pulled him closer. "Please." His eyes flashed in understanding, and he hesitated no more. Edward stretched and flexed above me, gripping my hips as he found his rhythm. I clutched his shoulders and licked my teeth as his pace quickened and his strokes got deeper. Our first time didn't last very long, and an orgasm eluded me, but as I lay curled against Edward's side in those precious moments afterwards, I felt a deeper sense of satisfaction. Mother may have fulfilled her dream of me wearing white on my wedding day, but I had become a woman who discovered a love that was better than fantasy. And when all was said and done, this love was real, and this man was mine. "Good girl, Bella," I whispered as I snuggled into Edward's chest. "Good girl." Thank you for reading! Don't forget to leave the author some love in a review, and please keep the contest anonymous, even if you know who the author is!