the last time from my corner table, I realized that he would never change. No matter how much I loved him and hoped for him to love me, he would never be what I wanted or needed. My determination strengthened and I decided this was it. Standing from my seat, I made my way to the table that Edward and his little group were sitting at. His friends made rude comments as I approached, but I ignored them all, focusing on Edward, who sat with his arm around her . She looked up at me, our eyes meeting, and a sad smile flitted across her lips. She thought I was here to see her. I shoved my hand into my jacket pocket, hiding the clear bag that was clenched in my fist. "Edward, I wanted to give you something before we all leave, go our separate ways." I made my voice as pleasant as possible, hoping to catch him off guard by what I was about to do. "Oh, that's nice, thank you. I had hoped that we would be able to end things as friends." Despite the small smile on his face, his words were hollow, and I knew the smile meant nothing. "I brought you something, just a little reminder of me." With that I pulled my hand out and tossed the clear, plastic bag onto the table, it landing in front of Edward. The other girls at the table gasped, instantly recognizing what was contained inside of it. Sluts . Edward looked up to me, confusion on his face. "What's this?" he asked, reaching out to pick up the bag, turning it over so that the pink plus sign shined like a beacon in the night. "That's for you," I said, smirking at him. "What is that?" she asked him, looking up into Edward's face. "Oh, maybe you should explain what this is, she's obviously too innocent to know. Not like her friends," I spewed at him. His eyes rose to me, questions written all over his face. He couldn't speak. "Well, since Eddie boy here isn't going to tell you, I will. It's a pregnancy test, and that little pink plus sign? That means it's positive, meaning someone is pregnant, and since I happen to have it, the odds are good that that someone is me." I smiled, shock spreading across her lovely little face. "But why are you giving this to Edward? Why don't you give it to the father?" she asked, clearly not aware of Edward's dalliances with me. I smiled brightly, "I just did." Air rushed out of her as she turned to Edward. "What is she talking about? How could you be her baby's father? Edward?" I turned, intent on leaving as quickly as I could, but then I heard him answer her. "Baby, it's nothing, it's just a misunderstanding, I'm sure." I spun around, fury seeping from my words. "Now I get it, why you always called me Baby. You call everyone Baby, don't you? What, so that you don't risk getting caught by saying the wrong name? Is that it? You probably don't even know my name anymore, you've called me Baby for so long." A laugh erupted from my chest as she continued to stare at him in horror, my words sinking in. My job was done here. Edward had ruined my life, and now I'd returned the favor. With one last smile, I turned around, walking determinedly to the door. "Lauren?" I heard from behind me. I paused, glancing over my shoulder. "Hmmm, seems like you do remember my name." I looked back at her , leaving one more jab. "Good luck with him, Bella. You're gonna need it." I flipped my long blonde hair over my shoulder and continued out of the building, climbing into my car and pulling away from my life. I had the promise of something new and wonderful waiting for me in Arizona, and I couldn't get there fast enough. ~oIo~ Summary/Prompt: A fic where Lauren isn't a b*tch or has a good reason to be one. (You know me, no cursing…ever. :D ) A/N: A lot of people seem to be confused by 2 things - the bathroom scene and when Edward calls Lauren 'B' as he's leaving her house. The bathroom scene - Lauren is hiding in the stall, the girls that come in don't know she's there. When they refer to her hanging all over Edward, they are meaning the way she is looking at him. She obviously wants him, and they think she is flirting shamelessly with him. They don't like Lauren, for whatever reason, and they are gossiping about her and basically making fun of her. It happens every day in high school across the world. :D I think it's about jealousy and self esteem, all that stuff. Edward calling her 'B' - that is meant to be confusing, as a lot of the things in this story are. Fan fic Edward's always seem to refer to Bella as 'B' and it's accepted as that. However, cannon Edward doesn't call her that. I liked that this Edward called girls Baby, which starts with a 'B' and that's why he's calling Lauren that. She tells him not to call her Baby again, and he starts to once, resulting in her yelling at him. Then he calls her 'B' instead of Baby as he leaves. The facts in this story are meant to be a little confusing. If they weren't then you would know right away whose POV you were reading. I didn't want that. I needed for you to feel bad for this girl and be sympathetic to her, then when you find out who she is, you're shocked. We are all pretty well programmed to hate Lauren, so I knew going into this that the only way to make her seem sympathetic was to trick you into thinking she was someone else. It seems to have worked. :)