continued while glaring at the both of them, "I'll give you to the count of three to get the fuck out of here before I find my gun. One..." The asshole about fell as he ran out of the shower and down the hallway to the bedroom. Our bedroom,...my bedroom. My eyes never left her though, as she sat in the tub, I heard the front door shut, I started on her. "How could you," I whispered to her. She whimpered and mumbled something. " How could you Jessica? After everything I have done for you. For your family. How the hell could you!?" My voice came out stronger and more forceful. She scrambled back in the tub, looking at me like I had just hit her. I would never raise a hand to her or any woman, but at that moment I wanted to hit something. I took a deep breath and turned around, walking away from her but stopped just outside the door. I glanced over my shoulder and whispered, "You have until tomorrow to get the fuck out of MY house. Do not take anything from here besides your clothes. I want those rings back since they don't matter to you. You can leave them on the bed that you used to fuck someone else. I hope that he was worth this." She started to whimper my name and I just turned away from her and whispered, "Goodbye Jessica." I went down the hallway and back down the stairs with her still calling after me. I had to get out of here, before I did something stupid. I didn't want to be like those typical military boys that came home to find their girl fucking someone else. Then taking a gun or knife to the girl, and then themselves. No I'm not doing that. I grabbed my bag and the keys in the dish that went to my 1969 Ford Mustang, and walked towards the kitchen that lead to the garage. I sighed when I saw the only thing that I thought I couldn't love more than Jessica. I opened the garage door and looked to make sure I had enough room to get out. I noticed that Jessica still had the necklace that I bought her from France hanging off the rear view mirror. I snorted and thought, she can keep that piece of crap. I got into my beauty and drove for hours. I stopped a couple of times to cry, hit, kick things so that I could get my frustration out. When I finally made it to my parents home, they were both sitting on the porch looking so worried and cold. Jessica must have called them. When I got out of the car, my mother was by my side. "Oh sweetheart," she whispered as she pulled me into a hug. My father walked up and grabbed my bag from my hand. "Son, you can stay as long as you need." I glanced up at him and nodded. There was nothing to say, I was physically and emotionally drained at that point. The memories of that horrible moment continued to play around in my head as I walked towards my closet but my cellphone rang. I smiled as the ring tone played, 'Good Ol' Boys'. I answered it as I continued my way to the closet. "What's up Jasper," I smiled. Remembering the first time we met. He has a heavy Texan accent and I teased him about being one of the Dukes of Hazards. "Where the fuck are ya'? The captain is pissed as a rattlesnake and wants ya' here, now." I could hear the captain in the background yelling at someone. "I'm on the way. Just got out of the shower." I pulled on my wrangler jeans that were a little washed out over my bare ass. I grabbed one of my old Metallica shirts and pulled it on with the phone still at my ear. "Damn it Edward, ya' should have been here ten minutes ago. There's another body, you know where." The phone went dead. "Fuck," I mumbled. This wasn't good. This made the third murder down near the stripper area. The cops called it that, since there was a stripper joint on every corner of the street. That meant undercover for sure. I ran my fingers through my hair and pulled a little out of frustration. A habit I got from all the bullshit in my life. I slid my cellphone in my back pocket, with my fake drivers license. One great thing about being undercover, no one knows your true identity. I grabbed my keys after I pulled on my socks and military boots. I'll be riding the bike today, since I'm in need to try look like a hard ass. As I opened my bedroom door to walk down the hallway toward my kitchen, my German Sheppard was right by my side. I smiled down at him, as I turned the corner and went into the kitchen. "I take it you want something to eat," he barked. I placed my bagel in the toaster and went over to where I kept the dog food. I grabbed his dish and scoped out a nice helping since I didn't know when I would be home. I set it down on the floor as I patted the top of his head. "Okay buddy, I'll be out for most of the day. I'll have Ally swing by to walk you a couple of times today. You be a good boy and protect everything for me." He barked and went back to his food. The toaster popped up the bagel, I grabbed it and put some butter on it. I stepped around my best friend and smiled at him as he glanced up from his bowel. "Be a good boy Charlie, I'll see you later." As I closed the front door, I heard him bark one last time before I locked it.