herself as she watched me continue to bring my mate closer to his release. The smell of her blood penetrated the air around me, as I saw his fangs sink into the soft, hot flesh of her breast; just above her nipple. I watched him drink greedily, moaning at her sweet taste as Bella screamed out her release. Bella tore her gaze away from me, panting hard as Caius released his fangs from her breast and sealed the wound closed with his tongue. Her blood coated his teeth and lips as she licked her own lips. Removing her hand from her pussy; her fingers slick with her own juices, she ran them across his lips, coating them before she crashed her lips to his. Caius bucked hard against my fingers, his cock driving deeper into my mouth, seconds before he stilled and came. A deep, primal growl rattled in his chest as he shot his seed into my mouth, pushing his head back against the futon and arching his back slightly. Swallowing around him, I hummed in delight, slowly bobbing my head up and down, letting him ride out his orgasm before releasing his cock from my mouth. Not giving him time to recover, I lubed up before grabbing hold of his thighs and wrapping them high around my waist. Growling, I thrust into his tight heat, not stopping until I was balls deep inside of him. Caius cried out, his fingers crawling into the fabric of the futon, ripping it while I set an almost brutal peace; pulling almost all the way out, before slamming back into him. Caius's tight heat gripped every inch of me, sending shivers of euphoria down my spine with every powerful thrust. Changing position slightly, I placed his thighs on mine, pushing my knees under the base of his back. "Fucking Christ," Caius moaned out, his cock hard once more. The heavy scent of Bella's arousal filled the air; a whimpered moan leaving her as I looked at her. Smirking, I grabbed her arm and pulled her to me, never missing a beat as I continued to slam into him. Threading my fingers through her thick locks, I pulled her lips to mine. A purr leaving me as she moaned into my mouth. Breaking the kiss, Bella panted and moaned as I trailed my lips down her neck and sucked on her pulse point. My fangs scraped across her vein, making her shiver before I bit down once more. Her heavenly blood flooded my mouth, causing me to thrust impossibly harder into Caius, hitting his magical spot which was buried deep inside. Caius growled, his heels digging into my ass, pushing me deeper as I pulled my fangs from her neck, as I hissed. Bella's blood ran down her neck, ghosting quickly over her collarbone, before rolling down her breast. "Come sit on my face, I want to eat your sweet cunt," Caius hissed, his hands already positioning her body so her pussy hovered over his face. "Oh fuck," Bella cried out, her head dropping back in pleasure as Caius's mouth went to work on her slick heat. Thrusting into him, I watched Bella rock her hips back and forth against his mouth. Her moans increased, as his hands cupped her ass, spreading her wider. Moaning, I saw his tongue run the length of her pussy before he sucked on her swollen clit. The sight alone was enough to push me over the edge, watching my mate pleasuring Bella while I fucked him senseless. Leaning forward slightly, I heard Caius growl against her clit, making Bella shiver and moan. Quickly lubing my fingers, I circled the tight ring of her ass which was exposed to me before I pushed in; slowly thrusting just the tip of my finger in, allowing her to get used to it. "Fuck!" Bella cried out, her body tensing. "Relax, darlin," I breathed, my orgasm quickly approaching as I began to feel Caius's ring of muscle start to twitch around me. My finger pushed deeper and deeper into her, slowly working her, helping to bring her closer to the edge. Her moans and groans increased as she relaxed, completely giving in to the pleasure she was feeling. Caius growled against her clit as I thrust harder into him, sending her over the edge. Bella screamed loudly, her fingers scrabbling at the wall as she came, her body trembling as she rode out her high. Pulling my fingers out of her ass, one hand gripped Caius thigh, while the other grabbed hold of his cock, stroking him quickly in time with my thrusts. His tight heat suddenly clenched around me as he shot his load all over his stomach. He growled, his face still pressed into Bella's hot centre, causing her to cum again. It was all too much, smelling, watching, hearing her cum once more. Feeling Caius's tight heat contracting around me, threw me over the edge. A strangled cry left my lips as I came deep within him, my thrusts slowing down, riding out the final waves of my orgasm as I panted for unneeded breath. Caius's thighs relaxed against my slightly shaking thighs, as he pulled a collapsed Bella off him, and placed her down on the futon. Pulling out of him, I went in search of a towel to clean up with. Grabbing a few, along with a blanket out the chest, I threw one tossed of the towels to Caius as I cleaned myself. Hearing Bella's soft snores, I placed the blanket over her before locating my clothes. "Happy with my pick?" Caius asked as I pulled my t-shirt over my head. "Very," I said, watching Caius wipe his face. "I look forward to more." "Hmm," he hummed kissing my lips once. "Leave her to sleep there tonight." Thank you for reading! Don't forget to leave the author some love in a review!And please keep the contest anonymous, even if you know who the author is!