Each time Edward would pass by Bella he would touch her lovingly. Bella had refused breakfast and lunch, but when it was time for dinner Edward decided to go ahead with the plans he'd originally made to celebrate; steaks and vegetables on the grill to go with Bella's favorite red wine. The food was delicious, but Bella only ate a little. Her stomach was in knots. She drank a glass of wine, sat back and enjoyed the warmth spreading through her tired body. Bella got up to clear the dishes, and Edward jumped up. "Let me do that. You need to rest." His kindness was thoughtful, but Bella bristled at him treating her like she was helpless. She took a deep breath to keep from snapping at him. "I got it. Please?" She asked when he wouldn't accept her answer. She looked into his eyes, her brown ones pleading at him. "Just for tonight can we pretend we don't know? Just for tonight I want to pretend I'm not sick. I want it to be like you had planned before you knew." Edward took the plate from her hand and set it on the counter, all thoughts of cleaning up gone. He had planned on making love to her all night after their dinner. He carried her into the bedroom where he showed her physically how much he loved her. They moved to the rhythm of their hearts beating, each touch a symbol of their devotion to the other. They loved like it was the last time, even though it wouldn't be. Edward and Bella broke the news to their families, and in a move that surprised Bella, Edward refused to cancel the wedding. With the help of their loved ones, and the kindness of many, they were married two weeks later. Everything was exactly as she'd always imagined. Bella spent the morning of their wedding a bundle of nerves. She barely spoke, and what she had imagined being a fun morning spent surrounded by women happily getting ready, ended up as a more somber, meaningful time spent with only her mother and Alice. She couldn't banish the thoughts of Edward wasting his life with her and prayed he wouldn't regret marrying her. As she walked down the aisle of the church decorated in white flowers, ribbons, and candles on her tearful father's arm, she shook with anxiety; until she saw Edward waiting for her. All of her uncertainty fled, and she was left with the feelings of peace flowing through her. This was right. He was right. They said their vows and 'til death do us part' meant more to them than the average couple. Edward knew that death would never end their love. Whether death came quickly or in seventy years, he would love her every minute of his life. The first year of their marriage was hard. But it wasn't hard because of the normal adjustment of living together. It was a difficult time focused solely on Bella's health. The kidney that had been saved by surgery the first time was removed, along with lymph nodes, and small section of her lung. Chemo and radiation destroyed healthy cells along with the diseased and ravaged her body. She lost all her hair, and spent months in a hospital bed. She would most likely never have children, but she fought hard to stay alive. Every time she thought she couldn't fight anymore Edward's untiring support lent her the strength she needed. His steadfast love carried her through the toughest moments of her treatment. He never wavered in his devotion to her. The day she found out she was in remission was the happiest day of their lives. On the day before their third anniversary, Bella left work early. She had an appointment with Marcus. The cough she'd developed over the last two weeks was worrisome, and even more so, the constant nausea. The results of the scan would determine her—their future. She parked in the same space she had those years before and walked into the building. The elevator was waiting, and when the doors opened on the twenty-fourth floor she was met by the reassuring face of her husband. Edward had vowed to never let her go to another appointment alone and had kept that promise. He intertwined his fingers with hers, pulled her hand up to his mouth, and kissed it with a smile. "I love you." She turned toward him and put her other arm around his neck, his peck to her hand less than she wanted. She brought his lips down to hers and kissed him deeply. "I love you, too." They stood there for a moment, their foreheads pressed together in silent prayer. "Whatever happens in there, remember I'm with you forever." His promise to her was as fervent as always. Bella nodded and blew out a nervous breath. The path to their future had not happened the way she'd planned, but they were together. They walked in hand-in-hand and were taken right back to Marcus' office by Gianna. "Bella, Edward. Thanks for coming in on such short notice." Marcus kissed Bella's cheek and shook Edward's hand. Neither of them could mistake the look on his face. What they didn't know was how the news he had to share would change their lives, irrevocably. "Have a seat." He rested his hands on Bella's file and cleared his throat. "Your blood work and scan came back perfectly clear. There's no sign of cancer, anywhere. Your cough seems to be from a virus," Bella and Edward immediately began to celebrate, only to be stopped by Marcus' interruption, "But, there were some unexpected results I need to share with you." Bella's attention snapped back to Marcus, her eyes wide with apprehension. "Congratulations, you're pregnant." xoxoxo Thank you to all who take the time to read this! November is coming, and I am burying all my bras so I can't leave the house. More words will be coming!