brown eyes, my pointed chin, and my full lips as she smirked satisfied with her own piece of art she had made this morning, "Are you going to give up Elena. Is the perfect Elena going to lose hope, and run out of this theatre actually learning that life is not always going to be okay? Are you okay now?" I shook my head back and forth for a long time; she had betrayed me, my own sister… MY OWN TWIN HAD BETRAYED ME. "No." "No?" I would never change, I promised Jenna, "I am the glue." "What are you talking about," she stalked up to me in her high heels making her a head taller. It helped with her superiority complex. But I saw how small she really was, "I will never give up. As long as I am still here I will always care about you Katherine. You think I have no idea what this world is about, but you're wrong." She raised her eyebrow. "I know the bad, but I choose to be good despite it all. I chose my family over everything." The words burned in my mouth, and my hand ached to smack Katherine in the best sisterly way possible. But I could not give up, that was what she wanted, but she didn't deserve it today, not ever. I raised my hand to her cheek, "I am not giving in Katherine. You win today, but you lost my trust as a sister, and my twin." She gave me a glassy stare, and I knew we were finished. "Goodbye- Katherine," I wiped away my tears, and walked away proud of myself. I made it to the parking lot, and I was fumbling through my keys but I couldn't see through the tears. I cursed, and banged my tiny fist against the door. "Elena," I knew who that was, "Go away," I snarled. I opened the door, "I'm sorry Elena. It's just Katherine she told me it would be for the best…" I turned around slapping him hard in the face. "Get the hell out of here Stefan! You are sick." He looked hurt beyond recognition, but I didn't care right now, "you're not my sister, and I will never forgive what you have done to me. Now leave," I pushed him away successful as he landed on his back. I got into the car, and sped away in my Honda civic before he could ruin any more shred of dignity that I had left. I felt downright horrible. I had my heart broken by my sister's little puppets, but she was the fakest of them all. Why did she have to hurt people like that? What had I ever done to deserve what she does? I looked up at the sky. Before I got to our street I saw the smoke. I don't know how I knew, but I did. I floored the acceleration and raced towards my house. That was fire smoke, and it was coming from my house. I left the keys in the ignition and ran. I gasped in horror as I saw my house in flames. All of my memories, my room, and my pictures were burning. I needed to see if I could save something, or anything. I ran to the house, and then it hit me. Jenna. The smoke entered my lungs, "Jenna!" I screamed, "Jenna!" I could hear the sirens, but they were too late, I was too late. Someone grabbed me around the waist. It was Damon again, "Stop before you hurt yourself. There is nothing you can do." He tackled me to the ground, " Gettoff me you pervert , I need to go inside my Aunt's in there! AUNT JENNA!" Suddenly his hands were gone, "Your aunt was inside there?" His face got pale white, and I swear I had never seen Damon Salvatore so scared before, "That is what I have been trying to tell y"— a loud and ugly rumbling came from the front door. We both stared at it. The door flew off from the pressure of the roaring fire, and hit me hard. I fell on my back, coughing, as warm liquid fell from my temple onto my neck. The warm liquid I soon realized was blood and my hand went to the side of my face cupping it; as if that would help. Damon was at my side, and he tried picking me up, "Don't touch me," I mumbled, "I hate you and your brother. Don't touch me." I heard deeper voices telling me it was okay and then the world went dark…only sensations- the beeping and the bumping tossing of being in a car- I heard Jeremy crying and I tried to awaken but someone held my hands- I heard mom telling me to take care of the family- I heard Aunt Jenna saying she taped the show, and why didn't I come right back- I heard Katherine clapping the whole time telling me how much she loved me- and then there was dad, and he told me how proud he was of me- "I'm so sorry Dad," I muttered, "I tried to make it better," he rubbed my hands and blew warmth on them and held on tighter. It meant the world to me, and all I wanted was to stay with him here forever… But instead I felt myself falling back. It felt like falling down a slide, and I looked around finally seeing blobs of color, and then actual people. Some shadows, and some faces I could never forget. I felt the strong presence of a chocolate-reddish brown wolf dragging me back down. I was more mesmerized than afraid. It pulled me back down to a place where things hurt, and felt more real. I felt someone push me further down, "Go get them L'eyna," Aunt Jenna said, and then all I could see and feel was darkness, and awful pain. Don't to forget REVIEW! REVIEW!