my stomach, as I ran my fingers through his hair one last time. Fear overtook me as I realized I didn't see Carlisle's body anywhere. Whatever had happened here happened because of me. I leaned down, placing a kiss on Edward's head, whispering into his hair, "I love you" over and over. I turned and ran from the building with regret and found Jasper still with Alice. There were men and vehicles moving down the streets now, and as they came closer, I began to scream. The sound that came from my body was one of sheer agony and torment, and as the men moved closer, Jasper quickly came to my side and pulled me to him. The men grabbed us both and settled us in a van as they questioned us, trying to find out what had happened. All I knew was that my life was lost, the only part of me left alive that day was my body. ~~0~~~~0~~~~0~~ My eyes blinked, bringing me back to the present, back to my life. I stood from the bench and kneeled down to place two bouquets of flowers on the ground where my parents had been laid to rest. I kissed my hand, pressing it to the stone that held their names. My eyes reluctantly drew to the next stone of Edward Anthony Masen. I softly laid another bouquet over him and then let the pain consume me. After a moment, my words came out in a whisper that I was sure only he would be able to hear. "I miss you. I can't stand it most days, and honestly I don't know how I'm even still here." I looked to my right, watching Jasper kneeling next to Alice's grave, his body shaking with sadness. "I had to come today, but I don't know when I'll be able to come back. They haven't found Carlisle yet, but he's looking for us. I guess he figured out the money was gone and when his bank accounts were frozen by the IRS…he wants the money you gave me." I thought about all the running we'd done over the past year, trying to stay one step ahead of Carlisle, hiding what was most precious to me. "I'm keeping my promises I made. I think about you every day. I'll never love anyone the way I love you. I hope I made you happy, the way that you made me." I glanced back to Jasper and heard him whispering to Alice. I knew I had to tell Edward. "Jasper's a good man, he takes care of us. Without Alice, he's as broken as I am. I don't know how I would have survived this year without him. He reminds me of you in so many ways, but he's not you. We're getting married. No one else would ever be able to understand our situation. It wouldn't be fair…" The tears fell down my cheeks, splashing on the blanket in my lap. "Before we go, I wanted you to meet someone." I looked down at the sleeping baby in my arms. "Edward, this is Elizabeth-Renee AliRose. I call her Ellee. She's our daughter. She has your hair and your eyes, and I promise I'll spend the rest of my life being a good mother. I want you to be proud of me." I swallowed back the lump in my throat, sniffling as I saw Jasper stand and walk toward us. I looked up at his face, wet with tears, and saw my own pain and sorrow reflected in his eyes. He would never be my Edward, and I would never be his Alice, but we were all we had left. I looked back at Edward's headstone one last time before I slowly stood, clutching my daughter tightly to me. "I'm yours eternally." Jasper placed his arm around my shoulders, offering me the strength that he did every day. The wind blew at our backs and we turned, leaving behind our destinies that would never be. Our strands of fate had been clipped long ago. ~~0~~~~0~~~~0~~ A/N: The definition of Cult comes from bits and pieces I picked up off of and Wikipedia. I think it's pretty accurate. I need to add something here, a little clarification. There wasn't a mass suicide in this. Carlisle poisoned everyone without them realizing it until it was too late. He needed to get rid of people that could be witnesses against him and free himself from everything there, so he killed everyone. He originally planned to take off with Bella, but when he couldn't find her, he took his fourth wife Jessica instead. She was young and impressionable, and she didn't have any children that he would have just killed off, like his other wives did. I don't know about you, but if anyone had just murdered my children, I wouldn't be following them anywhere other than to the place I planned to kill them. :) I used the Jonestown thing as inspiration for this, but no one other than Carlisle knew what was in their drink. He planned to do it at the big celebration after the weddings, but since the weddings didn't happen, he probably had everyone drink it as some sort of religious thing, maybe like a cleansing thing to rid them of evil. He made them all sit there and watch Edward be tortured because Edward wouldn't tell him where Bella was, and so obviously Edward was evil. That's what leaders like Carlisle do, they manipulate their followers and make them believe what they want them to believe. Their charisma is what gets them to the position they have, and they use it to maintain that position. It's sad and wrong, and yet it happens every day. This is a hard subject for me, something I tend to hear a lot about, so maybe that's why I had to write it. There are a lot of misunderstandings in the world. Don't believe everything you hear…