to pay. He had actually been thinking about breaking up with her anyway. He wanted to settle down and start a family, she didn't. Turns out she was seeing someone else and she must have taken the long way around that night so he would have enough time to move her stuff out. Edward saw on my phone that night and that Siri was directing me to Forks so he searched for me and my car week after week. He passed my dad's house several times not knowing that there was a cottage out back or that he wouldn't be able to see my car from the street. I work from home so I don't leave my house daily. My dad wanted it that way in the off chance that James got wind of where I was and decided to come after me. "Do you still live in Port Angeles?" "No, I actually just moved to Forks." He smiled as he spoke, so stunning, he should always smile. "Why did you run away this afternoon? "I didn't think I could take if you were with someone else. When I saw you with a baby I thought I was too late. I turned around and saw her eyes just for a moment, and then I realized they were my own. I drove away to get my shit together. I waited to see if you would walk out with another man at the end of the party. I saw you on the porch looking up at the sky, it was the most beautiful moment I have ever witnessed; you holding our daughter, you in the flash and real, lost to the night sky." "I was wishing on a star for just one conversation with you." "Just one?" "Well I don't want to be greedy, I'm so blessed already." He kisses me. I kiss him back. We kiss slowly. "I should go before we get too carried away. Despite how I acted that night we were together. My mom did raise me to be a gentleman." "I appreciate that, but there is no way I'm letting you walk out that door, unless you really have to go. I'd really like for you to stay here tonight." I really hope he doesn't think less of me, but I can't take it any longer. I have been waiting way to long for him. Wow, I have more courage then I knew. I guess the past two years has made me impatient and demanding. Not sure where this Bella came from, I like her. "I'd really like to stay and wake up beside you. I know you won't run this time." "I'm done running, I promise." I lead him to my room. We slowly get undressed never taking our eyes off of each other. I'm a little more comfortable with my body now, even though I wish I could hide the marks left by pregnancy. I have no idea where this will lead. Will we make love? Will we just sleep? I happen to have an extra toothbrush; we brush our teeth very domestic like; almost as if we have been doing this for a long time. We climb into bed, me in my cami and shorts, him in just his skivvies. UUMM..he is so impressive and I squirm a little remembering that night. How I crave him, and have craved him for a very long time. We face each other, our bodies tangle up and we kiss and touch. My body remembers as sparks and fire ravish it. I need to be naked with him badly, but I don't want to push. I just keep savoring this moment; he is here, kissing me making me feel alive and whole. He completes me and gloriously overwhelms me. We speak without words, letting our bodies decide where this goes. He rolls me on my back and gently settles on top, and between my legs. Sweet noises fill the air as every inch of our bodies touch. I gently thrust my hips up to him silently surrendering. He accepts and lifts my cami over my head; he suckles my breasts making his way down to my bottoms. I feel them slide down my body. His tongue makes contact with my aching center and I lose control of my body. I thrash and moan and let him know with no doubts that I love what he is doing to my body. He removes his last article of clothing and settles between my legs. I feel him coat himself with my wetness oh my I'm so close to exploding into a million pieces. He stretches and fills me, until he is as deep as he can go. He stills himself just for a moment, and then he starts to move. My body takes over and I lose control, pushing and pulling thrusting and thrashing. I can't get enough. Soul to soul we climb to ecstasy and crash into mutual oblivion. It takes a long time to fall back to earth after that out of body experience. He is still breathing heavily, with his body completely covering mine. I commit to memory every detail. Just in case he is gone in the morning. I remind myself to stop thinking that way; like the other shoe will drop. I don't know what's going to happen in the light of day, I just have to have faith that it will all work out. He was there the next morning with his arms holding me so tight it's a wonder I could breathe as we slept. He was there the next morning and the next, until the day of our wedding, when we followed tradition and didn't sleep in the same bed the night before. I am pregnant with our second child, we just found out last week. He filed to have his name added to Allie's Birth Certificate. We changed her name to Allison Marie Cullen. Today, I will change mine. ~The End~