to be here, she had to be safe "BELLS?" no response "IT'S ME, EDDIE" no damn response. I coughed a bit before I called again "BABY PLEASE, ANSWER ME. ANSWER ME DAMMITT" I would never curse but in this case, I couldn't control myself. When I reached our bedroom, the first thing I saw was a picture of Bella and me at a friend's party being burned from the bottom up. The whole side that had Bella in it burned to ashes right when I blacked out. Time skip…five days later (Edward's been out the whole time) Edward P.O.V. I was dreaming of my Bella and our beautiful twins. One boy and one girl, Edwin and Annabelle, both with my bronze hair but Edwin had my green eyes and Annabelle her mother's chocolate brown eyes. They were both playing at Bella's and my special place; the pond behind Bella's parents' house. They were splashing the water in each others faces and laughing. I was sitting at the edge of the pond with my feet in the water and Bella was beside me with her feet inside the water next to mine. Just like when we had our first kiss. I looked over and into her eyes "I love you" she smiled and brought her hand up to caress my cheek "I love you, too" she said in her beautiful voice. I placed my hand over hers and smiled as I closed my eyes. This is what I want, what I need. This was the life I was hoping to have with my beautiful wife and future children. This was my heaven, my reason for existence, this is why I was brought into this world. "Edward?" I opened my eyes to see my wife still smiling at me with her hand still on my cheek "Yes Bella?" she tilted her head to the side in confusion "Bella? Edward, wake up" she said in a slight deep voice. I gave her a look of confusion and she continued "Wake up, Edward. Edward Mason?" she wasn't the one who had said it. I looked over to the twins. They were both staring at me and I stared back before they both opened their small mouths and a voice that I know couldn't belong to them spoke as if they were speaking in unison "Mr. Mason, you must wake up" then they splashed water in my eyes. I opened to my eyes to a darkened room and I could hear that it was full of moans of 'Help me' and 'I don't want to die'. I looked over to my right to see a man in a white coat. A doctor? He had blonde hair and pale skin, paler than my wife's, and bright topaz eyes. I was going to ask him for his name but I couldn't find my voice, I felt sore and my throat was killing me. What was wrong with me? "Mr. Mason?" I gave him a look as if to say 'Yes, that's me'. He gave me a small frown "Do you know why you're here?" I shook my head as slowly as I could, since my whole body was sore "Well…you ran into a burning house and passed out from lack of oxygen. You have also caught the Spanish Influenza, a serious disease. Your parents caught this horrible disease as well. You father had just passed on a few hours ago" I could feel the tears streaming down my cheeks. I had caught a disease that had killed my father and my mother was also a victim. But what about my Bella? Did they save her? Is she alive? Are the twins okay? Did she also become a victim to this deadly Influenza? Where is my Bella? "What about my wife?" I finally found my voice and asked him the first question that slipped through my dry lips. He looked away and stared down at his feet. Did he not hear me "Where is my Bella?" I asked again, my voice getting louder. He gave me an apologetic look "She's dead, Edward" I looked away and up at the ceiling. I could feel the traitor tears flowing down the sides of my face as I thought of her. The doctor had gone to talk to my mother who I noticed was on the other side of the room. I thought about her smile; the way she would blush every time I stroked her pale, smooth cheek; her angelistic laugh; her beautiful long brown hair swaying behind her in a ponytail; the way she talks with that beautiful southern accent; her killer punches that always reminded me of how strong she really was; her boyish fashion sense; her nicknames; her voice; her beautiful chocolate eyes that always captured my attention every time I looked into them. I was going to miss her, but if I died from this Influenza, at least I'll be able to see her in heaven again. I suddenly felt that I was moving; someone was rolling me away from the rest of the dying patients. NO. If I was going to die, I was going to die in the same room as my mother "Mr. Mason?" I looked over to see that same doctor looking at me with worried eyes "My name is Carlisle Cullen and I'm a vampire" I started at him with wide green eyes. His topaz eyes suddenly turned black and I knew he was telling the truth "I'm so sorry that I have to do this but…oh God, I'm so sorry" he leaned over and it looked like he was going to kiss my neck and I knew what was going to happen. He bit down and I screamed. The last thing I heard and saw before the burning pain took over was my Bella She was running up to me to jump into my arms. Her ponytail swaying behind her and that beautiful smile on her pale face " EDDIE"