I think you may have gotten a concussion. I had first-degree burns and handcuffs without keys. I was so embarrassed last night! I sounded like a fool trying to impale your moist heat with my steel rod. I'm no good at talking dirty. I never know the right things to say. And then I couldn't even get it in the right place!" He storms out of the room and down the stairs. My mind reels with what he has just confessed to me. I find Edward sitting on the couch in our living room, head back, eyes closed. I straddle his lap and sit there until he lifts his head up to look at me. "Were you just on the same vacation that I was?" He stares at me. "Were you? Edward, do you know what I took away from our vacation? I got to spend a week with the love of my life who gave me an orgasm on a plane, made me laugh harder than I have in a long time and wrote eco-friendly graffiti for me. I had a helicopter ride, swam with turtles, took romantic walks on the beach, saw beautiful sunsets, ate incredible food, except the poi, at an amazing luau, and made more memories to add to our ten plus years of happiness. I got to fall asleep in your arms every night and wake up wrapped around you every morning. And, we had amazing sex that reconnected us in ways that we haven't been in a long time." "But I thought you wanted more," he says with disbelief in his eyes. "I tried to give you more." "Edward maybe more isn't all it's cracked up to be. Those stories are make-believe characters. Sure, trying new things can be exciting and maybe those stories give us ideas on things to try, but it isn't real life. I don't know any people who have sex fifteen times a day with mind blowing orgasms every time, do you?" That gives us both a chuckle. "Frankly I don't think my vagina could handle that." I stare into his beautiful green eyes trying to express all the love I feel in my heart at this exact moment. I lean in for a kiss and my lips mold to his with soft urgency. I sigh with a feeling that makes me know I'm home; that this is where I'm meant to be; with the man I am meant to be with. Slowly my fingers begin to unbutton his shirt. I slide it off his strong shoulders. He lifts my blouse over my head. His hands caressing my skin with such reverence. I unbutton his jeans as I feel his rock hard cock between us. I stand, and he slowly peels my leggings and panties down, running his lips across my belly. I kneel before him and help him drag his jeans down his legs, removing his socks in the process. He chuckles a little. I climb back up on top of him. "Let me take you to our bed Bella." Shaking my head, "No, let's stay right here." I give him another heated kiss and lift up, sliding down onto his throbbing cock. He fills me so much, and I gently start moving up and down, watching his eyes. His hands continue to roam all over my body, playing with my nipples, squeezing my ass, gripping my hips. My movements become faster. His grip tightens, and he starts lifting up and meeting my hips with greater urgency. Our breathing gets faster, sweat glistens along our skin, pulses racing and I feel it coming. My orgasm explodes, and I see stars, fireworks even, and Edward is not far behind me. We sit there in comfortable silence until he mumbles into my shoulder, "I love you. And I really love you being on top." I giggle. I reach for the box of tissues on the end table. Fanfiction doesn't write about the 'sexy' moment of running to the bathroom before the cum drips down your leg … as I shove some of that tissue up there to prevent that from happening. I remove myself from Edward's lap and wait for the feeling to come back to my legs as he steadies me. I think there is a Cheeto stuck to my knee. Whatever. We walk hand in hand towards the stairs. Edward stops me a second and runs over to the fridge. He finds what he's looking for walking towards me with a spray can of whipped cream and a mischievous look on his face. We don't have sex fifteen times that night, but we do go for a personal record. We play a little with whipped cream and then manage to find a comfortable position to have sex in the shower with both of us staying under the warm water and no concussions. That week away did change our relationship. We still don't have Fanfiction sex. We have Edward and Bella sex and it's better than ever. We still do missionary, but we also do doggy style and cowgirl and reverse cowgirl. He got me a picture tutorial copy of the Kama Sutra for my birthday. We try to find different places in the house when our kids aren't around. I have been to Edward's office on occasion after everyone has left for the day, and maybe once for a nooner if I'm being totally honest. We've tried it in the car and once on a friend's boat. Some places work better than others, but it is a little spontaneous and a lot exciting. It's all about the exploration and finding what works for us. I guess what I was looking for was right there all along. There's no comparison to love and reality… it's about keeping it all in perspective. Thank you for reading! Don't forget to leave the author some love in a review, and please keep the contest anonymous, even if you know who the author is!