asked her. "White, please." The menu was filled with many delectable choices, but ultimately Bella opted for seafood. The scallops, with a delicate sauce, over jasmine rice were delicious, and the wine Edward chose was the perfect complement to her dish and his. The flow of conversation was effortless. They spoke of her years away at school. How the East Coast differed from the West. They discussed the merger and how it had changed his company. Bella felt Edward's ankle press against hers at one point. The shock the heat of his leg sent up hers was thrilling. As the server removed their dishes, Bella noticed the couples on the dance floor. She had never eaten at a place that had dancing as well. "Dance with me?" Bella shook her head and ducked her head sheepishly. "I don't know how to dance." "I'll teach you," he said quietly. Edward led her to the dance floor and pulled her into his arms. He placed his hand on her bare lower back. Bella held on to his shoulder and laid her head on his chest when he pulled her closer, her breasts pressed against him. Edward closed his eyes to keep from groaning, grateful she couldn't see his face. "Just follow my lead and feel the music." She tried to listen, but all Bella could hear was her own pulse rushing in her ears. The tension crackling between them took her breath away. His hard chest felt good under her cheek, and the light scent of his aftershave filled her senses. Edward buried his face in her hair and closed his eyes, trying to figure out how he was going to get her to go home with him. "You feel so good in my arms. Why have we waited so long to do this?" His words made Bella tense in his arms, abruptly remembering exactly why they hadn't done this before. He was a playboy, and she was looking for something he couldn't give. The song playing ended and Bella took the opportunity to step out of his arms. He followed her back to the table with a quizzical look on his face. "Is something wrong?" She shook her head and took a sip of her water, not wanting any more wine to cloud her head. Edward saw the look in her eyes and realized she was pulling away from him even though he knew she felt the same spark he did. "Tell me what you're thinking." Bella looked away, her cheeks blazing from the conflicting emotions of desire and self-preservation. "You don't want to know what I'm thinking, Edward." He leaned forward. "Tell me." Bella sat back and tossed her ponytail behind her shoulder. She changed her mind and leaned forward to gulp the rest of her wine down. "Emmett and Rosalie have been together for a long time and somehow you seem to be a favorite topic of gossip." She sighed before continuing. "I'm really attracted to you, but I think we want different things." He started to try and convince her when he stopped himself, only to have her continue. "I'll be honest with you. I'm looking for love. I want what Emmett and Rosalie have. I want it all." Her cheeks glowed from her discomfort at being so blunt, and Edward wanted to fall at her knees and promise her the moon. But then he said the words that ruined it all. "I give Emmett and Rosalie a year, and then we'll be watching them fight it out in divorce court. I'll never put myself in that position." The air went out of Bella's lungs. "Bella, I'll be honest with you. I'm not the marrying kind and if you're looking for happily ever after you won't find it with me. Now if it's a good time you want—I'm your man." A wave of overwhelming sadness hit Bella and then, just as quickly, she realized she already knew this about him and felt stupid for hoping for more. She pushed her chair back and started to stand up. "Thank you for a lovely dinner, Edward. I'm really tired. Would you mind taking me home now?" "Bella…" Edward knew what he said made him look like the biggest asshole, and he instantly regretted it, even if it was the truth. He couldn't believe how empty he felt when she turned away from him.. Bella walked ahead of him and waited as he got their coats. He could feel the coldness surrounding her as they got into the limo. The slight turn of her body away from his and the awkward silence told him everything. He couldn't think of the words to make things right and he couldn't tell if she was angry or upset with him. The limo ride was mercifully short and he walked her into the foyer of Emmett's building without saying anything. Bella turned as they walked into the building. Regret clogged her throat. "You don't need to take me up. I'll be okay. Thanks again for tonight. I had a lovely time." The doorman pressed the elevator button. Edward reached for her hand and pulled her close wanting to kiss her. She turned away from his descending mouth to instead offer her cheek for his goodnight kiss. "Can I see you again?" He sighed with disappointment. She nodded at him and gave him a sad smile, all the while knowing she would decline any further dates with him. She could only see her broken heart in their future. xoxoxo- Here it is! I hope you'll enjoy my new endeavor. This story is very different from You Found Me. For one- They are human. No vamps this time. And secondly there will be some light angst, but nothing like the last story. Next up will be the Epilogue to You Found Me. No posting schedule for Not The Marying Kind. The holidays are upon us. As always your thoughts and reviews are loved and much appreciated. :)