thought he was going to be dragging his buddies over for wild parties, would I?" "I guess not," I conceded, and thinking of the need to get out of my comfort zone, I forced a smile. "Okay, he can come and see the room but if I don't like him–" "Of course," she said, cutting me off. "I'm just glad you're giving this a chance." We emerged from my room to find Jasper making coffee in the kitchen. "You better tidy your room," Alice said to him with a triumphant grin. His eyebrows rose in surprise and his eyes met mine. "Are you sure?" I nodded biting my lip. "Yeah, I'm 21 years old. Maybe it's time to cut the apron strings." My weak attempt at humour did nothing to alleviate the tension on his face. It was clear he didn't think this was a good idea, but Alice was right; I needed to stand alone. His eyes flicked to Alice. "What time is he coming?" "I said to come about five." She pulled him out of our tiny galley kitchen. "I'll help you clean up." When five o'clock came around, it felt like my first day of school all over again. I was so nervous. I felt like a freak sitting on the sofa waiting to meet Edward, while Alice and Jasper finished cleaning up his room. Finally, there was a rhythmic rapping on the door and my breath hitched when Alice darted out of Jasper's room to answer it. "Edward!" She almost sang his name as she flung the door open wide. "Did you have any problems finding your way here?" I stood up nervously raking my fingers through my hair and feeling quite ridiculous since it was the apartment he was coming to appraise, not me. Alice took a couple of steps back to let him step into the room. "No, your directions were good." His voice was velvet soft and slightly husky. Alice closed the door behind him and he turned to face me. God, he was gorgeous! He lifted his hand and raked his long, slim fingers through his bronze hair. It stuck up in all directions but he made no attempt to smooth it down again. His mouth curved up gently into a smile. I swallowed hard as my eyes traced the outline of his full lips. I couldn't stop myself from scanning every inch of his face. I found his strong, defined jaw fascinating and must've gazed at it for too long, judging by the way his sharp green eyes narrowed. I felt the warmth on my cheeks as he stared back at me. His eyes were piercing and fringed with the longest eyelashes I'd ever seen on a man. In fact, I'd never noticed a man's eyelashes before. Alice brought him closer, and his lips stretched into a wide crooked smile as he continued to stare at me. I blushed to the roots of my hair, swallowing hard against the swell of nervous anticipating that was bubbling up from my chest. His lips looked so soft and full and just begged to be kissed. I shook that particular image out of my head, and tried to regain my equilibrium when Alice introduced us. "Edward Cullen, this is Bella Swan," she trilled. "Bella, this is Edward." "It's good to meet you," he said softly, holding out his hand. All I could manage was a strange strangled grunt, as I shook his hand briefly before dropping it like it had burnt me. His eyebrow quirked briefly, but thankfully he let my strange behaviour pass without comment. "Hey man, good to see you." Jasper's greeting to Edward sounded a little forced to me, but I couldn't drag my eyes away from Edward to check if he was okay. He spoke again. "You wanna come see the room? Alice made me clean it up especially." "Sure," Edward said, finally releasing me from his unnerving gaze. I watched him follow Jasper into the room. "I was thinking," Alice said, startling me out of the moment. "Maybe we should ask him to stay for dinner. That way you can get to know him a little and see if you like him." "Like him?" I gasped, blushing again. "Not that way." Alice giggled. "I mean like him enough to let him have the room." "Oh." I cringed. "I'll check what we have in and I'll get started on dinner." "No, don't go to any trouble," she said, heading to the letter rack where we kept the take out menus. "We'll order in. My treat." Edward came back out of Jasper's room, and his eyes immediately fell on mine again. It seemed I was cursed to blush my way through every moment of this visit. I felt foolish, but I simply had no control over my strange reaction to him. I'd never felt so affected by someone before... and I wasn't sure I liked it. "Edward?" Alice said, and as his eyes flicked to her I realised she had been speaking. She shot a curious glance first at me then back to Edward. "I asked if you wanted to stay for dinner, we're ordering take out." "Sure," he said, shrugging out of his jacket. My eyes immediately roamed over the lean muscles evident through the thin material of his snug t-shirt. I admired they way they bunched and flexed as he moved. Alice threw the menus down on the coffee table, and the noise diverted my attention from Edward at last. Jasper sat down beside Alice on the sofa, draping his arm across her shoulder while they flicked through the menus. I remained standing feigning interest in them, when really I was racking my brains trying to figure out what it was about Edward Cullen that had me so painfully aware of him. "What do you want, Edward?" Jasper asked without looking up from the menus. Edward turned and looked at me, his eyes glittering mischievously. "Italian." He grinned wickedly.