just did." I took a backward step toward the cherry red car. "You want to do it in Newton's car?" Edward's eyebrows shot to his hairline. "Why not? He just picked it up today, so he hasn't had a chance to do anything to it yet. I think it would nice for us to christen it for him." I leaned against the side. Edward glanced at the car, then at me, then at the store before looking at me, once more. I could see the wheels turning in his head. He was contemplating it. "What about your back? I don't want to hurt you, again." He hesitated. "Then I get to be on top." I grinned wickedly. I grabbed his hand and pulled him to me, so I was sandwiched between him and the car. I rose up on my toes and kissed him, burying my fingers in his wild hair. "I'm going to hell for corrupting the town's good girl," he breathed heavily. "Is that a yes, then?" I bit my lip and looked up at him through my eyelashes. "Damn, yeah it is." He jumped over the side then helped me in. We started making out heavily. Leaving our shirts on so it wasn't quite as obvious how involved we were getting to any cars driving by. The rest of our clothes were on the floor, and I was straddling his lap. With one easy push, Big Mac slid right in. Much….much….better than before. I sighed in contentment,and he responded with a small rumble in his chest. His hips rose… "What the hell are you two doing in my car?" Mike shouted. I jumped, startled and annoyed that we were interrupted. Thank God, Mike was leaning out the drive-thru window gawking at us and not in the parking lot—all he could see was us kissing. "Get back to work, Newton. Nothing to see here." Edward smirked and shifted. I buried my face in his neck to hide my moan as Mac twitched inside me. Nuggets, this was hot. He's right, I've been fully corrupted. "I should call the police and have them haul you two away," Mike threatened. I tensed because Charlie would blow his top. "And arrest me for what? Kissing a girl in a car that's in my dad's name, isn't a crime," Edward challenged. Mike's face turned a bright red; I could even see it in the dark. "If anything, I bet Bella's dad, would arrest your sorry ass, Mikey. Me and Quil both witnessed you throw things at her and try to make her clean your piss. Isn't that right, Q?" Embry leaned against the wall of the restaurant with a cigarette dangling from his hand. "Yup, that's how I saw it. I'm sure Chief Swan would also like to know that Mikey tried to stop her from leaving by force. Cullen here rescued her from your nasty, violent temper." Quil crossed his arm over his chest. "What the hell! The two of you get back in here now. That's not how it happened," Mike screamed. "That's how I saw it," they said in unison. "Looks like you're up a creek without a paddle, Newton," Edward smirked. "By the way, it may not be as dramatic as Bella's exit, but we quit." Embry tossed his cigarette onto the pavement and ground it out with his shoe. "You, two can't quit. I can't clean this whole restaurant myself," Mike whined. "Not our problem." Quil headed to his car with Embry on his heels. "Bella, come back. I'll give you a raise, and we can forget tonight ever happened." "Hell, no. Even if you could promise that, which you can't. Better get to work, Michael, or you'll be here all night. Don't worry, we'll keep your car warm for you." I waved. "Does she know you've been panting after her since she's moved here? Do you really think she'll be happy with a loser like you." Mike turned his tirade back to Edward. Edward's smirk faded a bit, and sadness crept into his eyes. "Well, then the feeling's mutual. You're not a loser. I kinda had a huge crush on you since I first saw you drive by on your bike," I confessed. Edward glanced at me and his eye softened. "I didn't come here tonight for a milkshake." "Yeah? Why did you come?" "I knew you were working, and I wanted to see you." He looked slightly embarrassed. "I'm glad that you did." I grinned foolishly before kissing him hard. "Fuck both of you." Mike slammed the window shut. Greaseballs! The mood was officially gone. "Well, we're zero for two." Edward sighed and lifted me off his lap. We dressed quickly but still hung out in the car. "I hope it's true what they say and the third time's a charm." I cuddled into his side. "Still not deterred." He chuckled, brushing my hair over my shoulder. "Nope. Perhaps we'll have better luck in Beantown." I played with the collar of his shirt. "Someone's been snooping." He didn't look mad. "When do you leave?" "Well, it was supposed to be in two weeks, but now that I don't have to work, I can leave anytime." I shrugged. "I'm not sure I want to wait another two weeks to be with you. Can I take you to dinner before then?" He rested his forehead against mine. "On two take your motorcycle, and go somewhere that doesn't have a drive-thru." I grinned. "Deal, Ronnie." He leaned in and kissed me. That summer, McDonald's and the Golden Arches brought me Edward and his Big Mac. A week later, I left Forks on the back of Edward's bike for Boston. It was the best trip of my life—we made memories to tell our grandchildren and others to keep to ourselves. Thank you for reading! Don't forget to leave the author some love in a review, and please keep the contest anonymous, even if you know who the author is!