"I miss them." "I do, too." Angel whispered, wiping at her eyes and laughing. "Enough of this emotional crap right now." "Angel!" I gasped, laughing at her audacity to use that language. "Papa would be rolling over in his grave if he heard that." "He'll be rolling over in his grave if he found out about my date." Angel replied as casual as ever, but she wasn't wrong. In our town, parents dictated who their daughters would be courted by and wed to. "How was your day so far? Why are you home so early?" "Oh, Angel, if only you knew." I muttered as I plated the sandwiches and decided to give one to her. We sat at the dinning room table as I began to tell her about my eventful morning. I told her everything, from the store encounter to the phone call. As I finished, she was holding back laughter. "Why is everybody laughing at me today?" "Because you're so naïve, darling." Angela spoke as she placed a hand over mine. "The Masen family is a large, mafia family. At least, that's what Mike said." "You've been seeing him already?" I exclaimed, pushing aside what she said about Edward's family. "No, I bump into him a few times a day. He offers me coffee and lunch and whatnot but I decline. Well, I did." Her face broke out into a smile. "He was so happy to hear about you allowing me to go out. I mean, it's not like your my mother but he understood that I wanted- pretty much needed- your approval." "Oh, Angel, you're so happy. What are you wearing?" I asked. "You show me yours, I'll show you mine?" "Of course," she giggled. She pulled me into her bedroom, excitement buzzing off of her. On her bed lie black halter neck dress with white polka dots. Underneath her bed were a pair of white heels and a black clutch lay on the dress. "I'm going to wear my special pearls." "Oh, Angel! You're going to look amazing." My eyes began to tear as I pulled her into a hug. Angela was only a few weeks younger than myself but she was always a little sister to me and now it was like watching her grow up. The bells tolled three times, reminding me that time was flying by today. "Tonight, we're going on our first dates." "Oh, you have to show me your outfit." Angela squealed before dragging me into my bedroom. She gasped at what lie on my bed. Turning to me with watery eyes, she exclaimed, "The modern flapper dress!" "Yes, yes, I know." I laughed, shaking my head. Reminding myself about the piece I had to write today before the mailman came, I pulled from Angela and she knew the look in my eyes. "Go write, girl!" She exclaimed. I laughed and walked into the living room to turn on the radio and grab my pen and paper. "Twenty days and America is still mourning the loss of late President Warren G. Harding. The question in the air: 'Will ex-VP and current President Calvin Coolidge be as cool as his last name?'" The newscaster laughed on the radio. Shaking my head, I began to write: The loss of late President Harding is hard, but why is America still mourning? We live in a land of the brave and free... The bells tolled six times as I was running down the steps with my freshly licked envelope to see Mailman Jimmy gathering his final letters from the boxes. He noticed my running and laughed, "Ms. Swan, almost late again, now. I won't always be here to wait to collect." "Oh, Jimmy, you'll always be here and you know it." I giggled at our inside joke as I leaned in to kiss his wrinkled cheek. Jimmy and Angela were the only people in the city to know of my role as I.M. Swan. If it were to get out, there would be hell to pay simply because I am a woman. This reminded me of my deal with the devil and tonight. Running back up the steps, I quickly washed the day off my body before beginning to get ready. The dress hung loose on my figure but shaped my backside that was slightly larger than most. 'A blessing and a curse.' Mama called it. She would say, 'But, you're father has always loved it.' "Ew." I whispered to myself as I shook that conversation out of my head. Curling my hair so it fell down to the middle of my back in ringlets and applying my lipstick were all I had left to do after I brushed my teeth and slipped on my heels. Making sure to secure my pearl earrings and locket, I took a deep breath before awaiting the tolls. I didn't have to wait long, though. As if they knew I were listening for them, the church bells rung the top of the seventh evening hour. "You're ready, Isabella." Are you doing this for you or for.. you? My subconscious asked me. Blocking her out, I slowly walked down the four-flight staircase, taking each step at a time. I didn't need my known clumsiness coming out and taking this date to the ER rather than wherever Edward had planned. As I reached the last step, I took another deep breath before opening the building doors that separated myself from my date. Opening the door, I was met with green eyes and my breath flew out in one word, "Edward." End Notes: Wow, you've read the whole chapter. Thank you! Let me know what you think by reviewing, please! Any suggestions would be welcomed in PM. I am once again without a beta as I could not get in touch with my old one. So, please recommend someone for me (it could be yourself). THANK YOU FOR READING! I was very, very stressed about restarting. Lemme know! xoxo, belle beans (: