each other. She scratched down his back and kept pulling him closer. He moved toward the lower down bed and bit the inside of her thigh. He licked over her cunt briefly before returning his hands where they were before and placing several fingers inside her, moving against her walls. Her eyes were wide as she watched him. He smiled at her and kept going until he found a certain shallow sensitive spot. He put a little bit of pressure on it and her whole body stiffened. He began circling over it with a certain pressure and used his other hand to massage her clit the way he had before. In a few moments she spasmed inside a little bit and liquid flooded out of her. She clenched her fists around the fabric of the sheets as it happened, but her eyes opened and she leaned up in confusion once it stopped. She was startled by it. She didn't know if her body had ever done that before. She looked down at what he was doing as if to investigate. He smiled teasingly and took one of her hands. He tried to guide her to the right place so that she would know where it was, but she couldn't exactly reach from her current angle. She didn't exactly mind though. She didn't want his hands any more. He's was tortuously bringing her closer and closer. He began pressuring her clit again teasing his member along her opening. She needed him. "Leah?" "Now?" she fussed. "Protection? Condom?" "It doesn't matter." She reminded. "There's nothing that can happen. Neither of us is sick. I can't get pregnant." She put one of her hands between her legs to assist his. He flashed her another smile. She was making it so hard for him to wait. "You don't totally know. You haven't been sexually active." He suggested. She groaned. "I don't care Bry. If you want to use a condom use one. I don't think it matters." He hesitated. "Please?" she begged. He guided himself into her. First just the slightest bit, but then he pushed all the way into her at once. She took a few seconds to adjust. It was a little bit uncomfortable in a certain way initially. It had been a long time since she'd last done this. Her body had changed a lot since that. He was a lot to accommodate, but she would do it. He was ready to finish what he started. He knew she was strong but he was nervous to put his weight down on her. He held on to her and rolled over so that she lay on top. The gravity of it somehow allowed him to slip into her even more. She made a soft cry, but seemed fine. He could feel himself right at the edge of her cervix. "Are you okay?" he asked. "I'm better than that." She murmured against his chest. He gripped her hips and slid her body back and fourth against him, creating a pleasurable friction. It escalated slowly, faster and harder, but he was still trying to take his time. He began to pressure her clit again and after a few minutes she let herself go, spasming against him. He flipped them back over and gave in himself, emptying into her as her body continued to tremor. He kissed her forehead and rolled over beside her. She was content to lay with her eyes closed for a few moments. "You hadn't orgasmed before, had you?" She looked at him. "No," she admitted quietly. "We didn't last very long." "It was your doing." She reminded. She looked down at their bodies, still tangled. "No one's accidentally shown you that?" She looked at him with confusion. "I would have told you, but I was sure you must know." He sighed. "After we're done, we Wolves - er, male ones - can't pull out right away. It swells and gets stuck," he paused. "Just like a real mutt," he added under his breath. "hmmmm" she thought. "I don't know if I'm amazed or confused. I guess we didn't totally corrupt you." "What now?" she asked. "We can wait. Or there's another way to deal with it, but it typically ends the same way." She looked intrigued. "I'm surprised you haven't heard enough thoughts to know about this too." She suddenly felt him harden again inside of her only moments after he had just finished. She knew that was wasn't normal. "The trade's gotta come with some advantages." Now she understood how it usually ended the same way. Unless she left him high and dry this time he would finish in her again. He left her on her back but spread her legs wider and lifted them over his shoulders as he kneeled at her opening and angled her hips up to meet him on his knees. "Is this okay?" he asked, starting to thrust in and out of her again. "Yeah," she assured, relaxing herself on the bed as he moved in her. "I can-" "I'm fine." She cut him off. She knew he'd offer to help her climax again. Her body had a differently level of sensitivity after what she just experienced and she was already a bit sore from all the attention he'd given her. She felt good just relaxing on the bed, letting him let go a little bit more. In another few minutes he ejaculated again and went back to resting beside her. Everything felt right. They both fell asleep. As I said in the beginning, this is a work in progress and could use and probably will have some improvements. Constructive reviews are always welcome. Not promising to continue it but I may if there's interest. I may also scrap it. We'll see. Thanks for reading! -B Update 5/12/16: Thanks for all the favorites and reviews. It's been a little while since I posted this, but additional chapters are in the works. Stay tuned. -B