the sheets mercilessly pounding them with grunts and hissing. "Oh, oh, oh. Wow, that feels so good. Oh, I have a ringing in my ears. Oh, Charlie. Oh, Charlie. Oooooo, Charrr-lie ." She squeezes her legs and boxes his head between her thighs as she rides the wave of her ecstasy. Charlie begs for her to loosen her grip on his ears and she profusely apologizes. With her wet and waiting, Charlie slowly enters Sue until he adequately fills her. "You're okay?" "Oh, God, I'm fine, more than fine." She laughs. "Harder, Charlie. Move like the wind." He does, bringing Sue to the best, most explosive orgasm of her new, mutually carnal life. Emmett and Rosalie nakedly soak in the partner, hot tub by the fireplace, both with chocolate dipped strawberries, champagne and bubbling hot, massaging jets. He smiles with chocolate on his lips. Rosalie scoots in front of him and licks it off. "That's yummy." Emmett adds, "I like it better on your pussy." She agrees, "I do, too." "Have you had fun, Rosie?" He bites into another strawberry. "Emmett, this has been amazing. My 'Monkey Man' still wants and loves me." He frowns, "Why wouldn't I?" She admonishes herself, "Well, I'm fat. I'm not the same girl you married." He huffs. "No, you're not." She looks at him sadly. "You're better." She broadly smiles." "Rose, Darling, there's no other woman I want to be balls deep in. When I leave the house, it's as though I leave my cock on the mantle. You own it, baby. You always have and you always will." She hugs him. "Such a sweet talker." "Hey, I'm done with the talking, woman, I want what you promised me." "You really want to do this?" "The question is, do you?" "Hey, I've had these anal balls in my tush for the past few days." "But can you handle that and the strap-on?" She climbs onto his lap and kisses him soundly, then sings, "We won't know unless we try." "And you wonder why you own me?" They dry off and crawl into bed. Rose positions herself with pillows under her back lifting her derriere up from the bed. Emmett's long, erect cock matches the size of the vibrating, rabbit strap-on that proudly hangs from his base. He kneels between Rose's legs stroking her surrounding walls and teasing her clit and anus with warm, massaging oil. Every time he circles her tush, she moans in pleasure. Once he feels she is soaking wet at both openings, he carefully and slowly inserts the dildo and his cock into Rose. She squeals from the initial stretching but settles down. "How do you feel?" Emmett asks with concern. "It's different." "No pain?" "Well, I feel stretched, but it's not painful. It's kind of exciting, Em. Just pull out and slowly move in." Emmett does as she asks. He continues a steady, slow pace until Rose begins to move with him. "Oh Em, this is amazing. I feel my g-spot being hit at two directions. It's a good burn. Oh, fuck, yes. You can move a little faster, babe." Emmett quickens his push, and reaches down, stroking Rose's oil-cover clit stimulating her to a new high. "I'm almost there. Emmett, harder." He pounds the penises into her pussy and tushy until they both shatter into little pieces. (Rose, not the penises.) "Wow, Rose, you sucked my cock up." Rose giggles with her hands over her eyes. Exhausted, Emmett pulls out and lies back on the bed. His cock drops to the side as the dildo points upward. Rose smiles and taps the strap on. "Hmm, I wonder how you'd like this?" Emmett hysterically laughs. The Honeymoon suite is a wreck; overturned furniture, paintings once on the wall now hang crooked or sit on the floor. The entryway foyer is covered in wilted flowers and the shattered vase while sheets and covers hang off the bed, pillows are scattered throughout the room and room service trays line the front door. Edward and Bella finally take a shower. Once bathed, they wear the soft, terry-cloth hotel robes and sit at the dining table frantically eating their meal. "I'm so hungry," Bella mumbles through her burger. Edward takes a gulp of wine, "You burned a lot of calories, love." He smirks, "I'd like to burn off a little more if you're up for it." She smiles. "What did you have in mind?" "I want you on the balcony." "Ooo, a little risqué?" "Not really. You really can't see much from the third floor." "Unless you look directly up." He chuckles. People are too busy with their own fantasies. Besides, it's cool out, we can stay in our robes, and I'll take you from behind." She bites her lip and smiles. Bella looks out over the grounds as Edward joins her, unties the belt, and opens his robe. He lifts Bella's as she bends forward leaning on the railing and Edward slips into her as the cool air swirls, around them, and they begin to sway. People's voices ring clear from the first floor, and it appears the coast is clear. Edward leans over Bella with his head at her shoulders. "This is nice. We'll have to do this again next year." "Strive for twelve orgasms?" "Hey, eleven in six hours is a record," he proudly recites. "It's almost midnight," she informs. "Good, then you can scream as loud and all you want when the fireworks start." The sky lights up with bursts of streaming colors, loud explosions fill the air and Bella rings in the New Year, screaming Edward's name and vice versa. From the ground level, a small figure happily smiles. "It's about time they enjoy their place. I wonder if they'll want their complimentary video?" The fireworks continue. Happy New Year! Thank you for reading! Don't forget to leave the author some love in a review, and please keep the contest anonymous, even if you know who the author is!