up at the mention of my last name as I automatically think of Sam's use of it and all the confusion surrounding it. I squash the feelings, burying them in the turmoil that is churning in my stomach as I turn to face Paul for the second time. I look at him and note that he seems nervous as he scratches the back of his head. Sighing impatiently, I note that the hallways are emptying and I need to get to my next class. Huffing I order, "Talk to me while I walk, that is if you even plan on talking to me." I don't give him time to consider (on purpose, part of me hopes he just forgoes talking to me) and begin to walk away. I feel him fall into step beside me and I don't say anything as I am waiting for Paul to. Finally, the seemingly silent giant of a boy walking beside me speaks in this deep voice that sends shivers down my spine, "Listen, what you heard earlier…" "I didn't hear anything." I interrupt, hiking my back pack up my shoulder, not even bothering to look at Paul. That was my story and I was sticking to it. I didn't hear anything and that was that. Paul makes a sound of frustration and snaps, "You shouldn't haven been listening anyway. Didn't anyone tell you that it's rude to eavesdrop?" I roll my eyes, "Didn't anyone ever tell you not to stare?" Paul makes a weird sound at my jibe and I have never been so happy to see my Math Room. I stop beside the door and finally look up at him, matching the anger that I find there in his eyes. We don't say anything for a moment and I roll my eyes yet again, sighing, "Well, is that all?" Paul nods tightly, speaking lowly, "You do realize I know you heard me, Swan." The way he says it makes me nervous, and fear pinches my belly at the look in his eyes. All of a sudden I regret being in that hallway and listening to the argument. I bite my lower lip nervously before whispering, "I don't know what you're talking about." "That's how you're going to play it, huh?" Paul asks. The way he says it sends a tremor through me and I decide that in this case, feigning ignorance was how I was going to play it. I figured it was the safest thing for me to do and it wasn't so bad that it gave Paul an easy out, now was it? So I nod my head and lift my head to meet his gaze, "Yeah, it is, because I didn't hear a single thing." But I think Paul disagrees as he narrows his eyes at me, "So you admit that there something to be heard?" He's clever. I'll give him that. "Listen," I hiss, glaring. "I am not saying anything. But I will say this-leave me alone and keep your eyes on anything but me, you got that, Paul? Because I will not spend my senior year enduring your dirty looks. Take them and shove them up your ass. And if you don't do as you've been told, I'll shove them up your ass for you." "Oh you will, will you?" Paul steps forward. I immediately step back and he boxes me in, both hands on the wall on either side of me. "Yes." "Well, Swan," Paul dips his head to speak lowly in my ear. "I think you're forgetting something, because I know you were in that hallway listening to every single word I said and because you did, you'll know that you're stuck with me. You're mine to look at, Swan. Get used to it." He pushes off the wall and steps back with this hard look in his eyes. It makes me bite my lower lip and I look away. Nerves dance in my belly to the beat of fear and I can't help but feel mildly helpless. I feel so tiny and insignificant under his gaze, like I am actually his to look at. The thought makes anger burn through me and without even meaning to I sneer, "Go fuck yourself." Just then my Math teacher walks out, and glancing between Paul and I, he asks, "Everything alright here?" Paul smirks, not taking his eyes off me, "Yes, Bella and I were just sorting out a miscommunicatoin, weren't we?" My Math teacher looks at me for confirmation and I smile tightly, "Yeah. Paul made a mistake, but we've got it all cleared up." With that my teacher ushers me inside, dismissing Paul with the action. I turn my head, looking back over my shoulder and watch as Paul backs away with a smirk firmly in place. Paul meets my stare, and the mother fucker winks at me and I know that I've just entered a game. A game that only Paul seems to know how to play. I clench my teeth and decide that I won't be played for a fool and if Paul knew what was good for him he would drop this and talk the easy out I offered him. Judging by the look on Paul's face, he doesn't know what's good for him. A/N: Before anyone asks: Yes, Paul imprinted on Bella in this chapter. Anyway I hope you all enjoyed this chapter and please leave a review and let me know what you think. If you want more please review! Oh and just a warning: prepare my readers for a slow burn. This is a darker take on the imprint, so ye be warned! Play List: Bird Song—Florence and the Machine Reflections are Protections—La Roux Heads Will Roll—Yeah Yeah Yeahs Honeybear-Yeah Yeah Yeahs Charmer—Kings of Leon Drop Dead Blues—Anya Marina Eyes on Fire—Blue Foundation Happy Alone—Kings of Leon I hope you all enjoyed this chapter and are ready for another story by me! Leave a review please and thank you!