Emmett know?" Jasper (who was obviously very quick on the uptake) asked her softly. Alice smiled gently and shook her head. "No, I had already seen the future by the first time we felt it, and I knew it wasn't time yet, so when he said ' What the hell was that? ' I just smiled and said it was my electric personality." She answered, and Jasper just chuckled softly. Then Edward asked a frightening question. "So then, who gets the fun job of telling Rosalie she's destined to be with Carlisle ?" Jasper and I both shuddered and simultaneously called "One, two, three, not it!" "Relax, we don't need to tell her. Carlisle will make himself known to her when it is time. Do not forget, Carlisle comes from a very different time than the rest of us. It was different with Esme of course because she was a newborn vampire with very few memories of her human life, so when he turned her, they sort of just fell gradually into step. There was no courtship per se, or so I've been told. But you were there Edward, you'd know better than I would. At any rate, I think Carlisle would like to do things the right way this time." Alice smiled. Edward nodded. "So would I." He said, speaking gently so I knew he meant no offense, "Bella's idea of a courtship was, of course, much more modern than mine. We tried to meet in the middle as best as we could, but there are a lot of things I would do differently if I wasn't trying to impress such a modern girl." He smiled softly and I knew that he was both reflecting fondly upon our past and looking forward hopefully into his own future. And try as I might, I really couldn't bring myself to be jealous. Not of Esme. She'd been a mother to me and in many ways she always would. Really there was no one I would have more confidence entrusting Edward to. It felt good to know that when all was said and done, I'd be leaving him in very good hands. And I was, after all, getting a pretty fantastic catch myself in Jasper. Although something Alice kept mentioning was bothering me a little. So I decided to voice my concern. "So I'm basically screwed then?" Before Jasper had a chance to look hurt, I explained. "Alice, you keep talking about how everyone is from an earlier time. Edward and Esme being from the same time, you and Emmett are obviously from a similar time, true Carlisle is a lot older than Rose, but Rose is old fashioned even for her time. And when you were with Jasper, you two were from a similar time too, so where exactly does that leave us ?" I asked, my gaze drifting from Alice to Jasper. Jasper smiled, sending me waves of comfort, love and reassurance. "Darlin'" he began, with enough of that trademark southern drawl to make a girl swoon. "You must remember, Alice may be from another time, but she has always kept up with the times, staying ahead of them rather than being swept along with them like the rest of us. So I am used to bein' with a modern girl. It won't be that different. Besides, I think you and I both like a challenge anyway." He said with a sexy grin that succeeded in making me melt a little. "And also, we don't have to rush this transition. We have two years in this house to spend getting to know our true mates on a more personal level and that also gives us plenty of time to make sure that our old romances end on a positive note." Alice assured us. I thought about how things would be different for everyone. And that brought up another question. "One thing, Carlisle and Esme have always been the parental figures to all of us. How do these new relationships affect that particular aspect of things?" "Good question Bella. And I have thought about that. I think what makes the most sense, is if from now on whenever we create a new backstory, it'll still center around Carlisle and Esme, but they'll be posing as brother and sister rather than husband and wife. That way it still makes sense for them to be living together, but each with their respective families. Rather than as a joint unit." Alice explained. "Interesting. So some of us would then be acting as cousins rather than siblings?" Jasper asked. "Exactly, and that also makes it seem less incestuous, for cousins to be getting together than when we were all posing as adopted siblings." She nodded. "Okay, so what about everyone else? Are we going to have a big family meeting and talk about this or let them find out about it on their own?" I asked. "Both, sort of. I plan to put off talking to Emmett about it at all until after Carlisle has things underway with Rose. The last thing I want to have to contend with is a jealous Rosalie. As Bella can attest to from her human days, it isn't very fun. So, what I would propose is that Edward perhaps try to get a feel for where Carlisle and Esme are at with things on their end? Maybe they already have some idea about this, or maybe they don't, but I think we should definitely start there." Alice proffered. Edward nodded. "Good idea. I'll brainstorm and come up with something reasonably subtle." "Okay, but we should drop this subject now. They'll be back from the village soon." Alice affirmed. We all agreed and Jasper and I went back to playing chess. Though I must admit the next time our hands brushed, it was entirely intentional. And that time... it felt nice. Really nice. AN: Well, lemme know what you think! Please R&R and thanks for checking out this story! Kisses!