the kiss, and wrap her hands into his hair. She pull him closer to her, kissing him back. She could feel his tough entering her mouth. She could feel is hand moving down to the back of her neck, holding her in place. Everything felt right, maybe to right. Anna pull back. With every inch of what she had, she whisper. "Stop, please." Lucas bend down trailing his lip down her check, her throat. She shivered at the warmth of his breath. He kissed the side of her throat, and he whisper. "Anna, I'm am destine to be with you. I'm am real, can you feel the pull that draws up together." Anna did feel it, she could stand here forever with him. "No, no, no, no" Lucas let go of her. "No?" He ask her. "Lucas I can't." She shook her head. I'm not ready for this, I have to get away from him. Anna turn around, and started to head back to her house. She could smell Lucas right behind her. Every inch of her wanted to turn around, and kiss him again. She saw Jeremy pulling up to her house. She ran up to the car, and jump in. "Hey babe, waiting for me?" He asked. Anna just nodded. Jeremy pull out, and Anna saw Lucas looking right at her with a bewilder look. "It took you long enough" Jeremy Laugh. They finally pull into the club, and stand in the long line. This place was pack tonight. "Wow, this place is pack." Jeremy nodded. "Well, we could make out in the car instead" Anna stare at him, shaking her head. Jeremy was cute. She was average height, with brown hair. He had blue eyes, just like Anna. Jeremy had been her friend since second grade. They dated on and off. They stay friends through, no matter what. She was the one who always broke the relationship part off. She love Jeremy, but was confuse at the moment. They finally got into the club. The lights hit everywhere, a lot of people were on the dance floor. She turn to Jeremy, and grab his hand. "Lets dance" He nodded, and she lead the way to the dance floor. She started to dance, having fun. She felt the pressure of everything falling way. The stress left her body. She dance for hours, and did not realize it. The announcement came on that they were closing. They always closed at ten on Friday. "Well, time to go." Jeremy said. They started to walk to the car. Jeremy drove her back home. "You quiet tonight." "I guess, I'm tired. Jeremy I had a fun time tonight. Thanks for going out with me." Jeremy pull into her drove way, and put the car in park. "Anna, anytime. You know your always my girl." Anna smile, she knew she was safe with Jeremy. She lean in and kiss him. Jeremy was surprise for a second, and kiss her back. "Goodnight" She said stepping out of the car. "Call me babe" She nodded, and he drive off. Anna did not feel like going in the house yet. She walk over to the swing on the front pouch, and sat down. I always love Jeremy, he's always been there for me. Lucas comes, and there is so much passion between us . I do not think I'm ready for all that. Anna look up at the stars. She always love looking up at the stars. She felt someone sit down. "Anna, why do you run from me?" It was Lucas, and she was not ready to talk to him. "Well, I barely know you" Saying the first thing in her mind. "That's not true, we have been in each other's dreams. And we are destine." She finally look at him. "Why do you say that?" She ask "Say what?" "That we are destine to be together" He look at her with those golden eyes. "Because Anna when it is almost time for the transformation, shifters find there mates. Destiny puts us together, and you are to be my queen one day. You are a princess, and I'm a prince. When we marry you well become my queen." "How do you know? How do you know I'm the right one." "I just know. I know you can feel it too." Anna shook her head. She stood up. "I'm tired" She walk inside the house. "Anna, I'm glad your back" "Hi, mom." "I'm sorry, I did not tell you earlier, maybe I should of." "I'm tired" Anna did not feel like talking about this. "Of course, well talk about this later. Just to let you know Lucas is in the guest bedroom." Anna eyes widen. "What?" "Well, he came from Hungary." Anna shook her head, and headed up stairs. She change into her nightgown, and put her face cream on. She turn the lights off, and laid down on her bed. It was not long till darkness came. She laid on the grass staring up in the sky. She was wearing a blue grown. She smell that wonderful smell nice to her. Lucas. She turn her head, seeing those golden eyes looking straight at her. They just laid there looking at each other. Anna felt like she could look straight in his soul. She reach out to him, laying her hand on his chest. She move closer to him, laying her head on his shoulder. Lucas's arm came across her, and held her. Anna move her hand feeling Lucas chest. He felt so strong. She felt him, kiss her on her hair. " Anna, does this not feel right?" What a strange question, but Anna knew what he meant. He was really asking her, if she felt the same way as he did. " I want to feel it, but… I don't know" " You are scared?" She nodded on his chest. " Don't be" They laid there together for a good while. Then everything faded.