something that my brain can process. Alice, Bella, and Rosalie seem to be really close. Tanya is even loosening up a little and her and Jacob are glued at the hip. I am sure that these girls are going to need some intensive therapy to deal with what they have been through. Bella seems to be the strongest of them. Emmett still has an eye on Rosalie. I wonder if they will hit it off. Leah had made us all a huge breakfast. We decided to stay on the reservation for a few days until the news of Aro's take down runs through the local press. It's been such an interesting birthday for me this year. Everyone is now safe and all I want to do is get to know Bella better and sleep… and sleep I did. 4 Weeks Later… BPOV It was great being reunited with my father. We haven't spoken much about the details, but we seem to feel some closure over my mother's death since Aro is out of the picture. I am falling so fast for Edward. We've been getting to know each other these past several weeks and I am so drawn to him. Physically, all we have done so far is kiss and it has been amazing. It feels like I've known him all my life. That night just a little over a year ago, when I saw him at that bar, I wanted to talk to him, but Alice freaked out when she saw Jasper walking away to get his friends and she saw one was Edward. She knew who Edward was and wanted to keep that part of her life separate. Tanya has entered herself into a psychiatric hospital for intensive therapy. The emotional and physical abuse she has endured from Aro, James, and others have broken her. Jacob seems like a really nice guy and has been supportive of her. Alice is so happy to feel safe. Her and Esme have an incredible bond. Carlisle and Edward have been very accepting of Alice into their family. Alice and Jasper have been spending a lot of time together as well. Rosalie is adjusting well and seems to be gravitating towards Emmett. Being that me, Alice, and Rosalie were only gone about 3 months, we decided to attend some group therapy together to discuss our experiences. None of us were forced to have sex like Tanya but we were assaulted several times by Aro's men. Today, me and Edward are at his new apartment unpacking his things. He decided it was time to move out on his own. "Where do you want this?" I replied as I held up a book called 'BDSM Basics'. "Umm... I... oh shit... this is embarrassing." Edward said covering his face. "Don't be embarrassed. I have had a lot of time lately to view the lifestyle and I think it's interesting... and kinda hot." I replied starting to blush. We just looked at each other and I could feel our energy swirling around us. "Have I told you how much I care for you?" Edward said. "Hmmmm... I don't remember." I replied smiling. Edward wrapped his arms around me and began to kiss me passionately. I put my arms around his neck and pulled him to me tighter. Edward then broke away from our kiss and grabbed the book. "Let me show you where this book goes." He said. He grabbed my hand and led me to his bedroom. It wasn't unpacked but he did have his bed and dresser set up. He tossed the book on the dresser and then pulled me onto the bed. "I think the book looks good there, don't you?" He said smirking. "Well, Edward Cullen, if I didn't know any better, I would think you were trying to seduce me." I said. "Maybe I am." He said as he climbed on top of me. We started to kiss and this time I knew we weren't going to stop. Edward kissed my lips, my neck, and started working his trail downwards. "It's a little warm in here." He said as he started to unbutton my blouse. My pink bra was exposed to him and I could feel my nipples tightening at the thought of what was yet to come. "You are so beautiful Bella." He said. We began kissing again and disrobing at the same time. I could feel his length against me. I was feeling so aroused at this point. Our hands began exploring each other's bodies as we kissed. I felt his fingers rub against my bundle of nerves and it felt amazing. I wrapped my hand around his length and began to slowly stroke him. "Mmmmmm... Oh Bella... I'm gonna finish before we start if you keep doing that." He said. Edward grabbed my hands and pinned them above my head. He began his kisses again down my body and didn't stop until he had his mouth on my heat. He licked and kissed and sucked in all the right places. It wasn't long before I was moaning through my release. "You taste amazing." Edward replied licking his lips. "Let me return the favor." I said and winked. "For sure but it will have to be later as I just want to bury myself in you right now. I have condoms." Edward said. "Actually, I'm on the pill." I replied. "Even better." Edward said. Edward crawled back up my body and positioned himself over me. I could feel him at my entrance and I was embarrassingly wet for him. He slowly entered into my heat and we began to fall in a rhythm of utter bliss. "I love you Bella." He said. "I love you too." I replied. We made love several times for what seemed like hours. We didn't get much unpacking done. I'm looking forward to my future with Edward and I even think we may read that book on his dresser sometime in the near future.