ear to ear. "You're really sexy, did you know that?" "You're an awkward... whatever you are... aren't you?" Jane asks snidely, examining her mate with momentary distaste. She is beautiful; that is certain. "And you'll change me and we'll have an epic romance like the ones you read about," Renesmee continues and Jane swallows. As someone with a lifespan of infinity, she does not think that far ahead. Her mind doesn't jump to acts of bonds. Right now she is just trying to keep herself from either having sex with the girl on her bed or brutally torturing the entire ranks of her species. "Look, I'm not there yet," is all Jane manages to say. The fact that she wants to hurt Renesmee but cannot bear the thought of Renesmee in pain is utterly baffling to her. This mating thing is needlessly complicated. "Prom?" "Okay, okay, we will go to prom ." It seems to satiate her guest. ,,, "Hello, Aro," Carlisle says and he is greeted by warm arms. A kiss on both cheeks. Edward grits his teeth at Carlisle's affection for the monsters called the Volturi. "It's a pleasure to see you. And on such a joyous day. Jane has found a mate." Edward makes a growling in the back of his throat. Bella whimpers. Alice flashes a grin, as if that will make it all okay. "I think," Alice says, speaking up, and Aro pays more attention to her than anyone else, "that this is healthier for Renesmee than making her the werewolf's mail order bride. In my opinion. Getting to know Jane could be great." " Jane . Who tortures people. And laughs ," Edward snarls at his sister. Alice shrugs. "Edward, think about how you felt when you first mated with Bella. Think about your daughter feeling that. We were not happy about you mating with a human. That was just as dangerous as Jane. It's going to be awkward, but also super cute!" Alice says, clearly trying to get them to agree with her. Bella gradually does. Even if she imagined Renesmee with Jake... maybe this is better for everyone involved. "I'll have to see it to believe it," Edward says, and right on cue, the two lucky ladies walk in. Jane looks exasperated; Renesmee has not stopped talking for two hours. "Mom, dad, I'm in love and you can't stop me," Renesmee says, pointedly kissing Jane. Carlisle gulps. "Like father like daughter," he murmurs to Alice and she snickers. Bella and Edward ignore them. "When did you start liking girls?" Edward demands. "I always have." Pause. "When I was born I had no choice but to be Jake's imprint. I had no choice but to be two things. And obviously my vampire side is saying something when I'm mated of all things. Please let me stay with Jane. Please . I'm an adult, you can't stop me!" Carlisle pauses. Now is the time, he knows, to give his son a glance of consternation and explain to him, "Mating works in funny ways. Maybe we should let Nessie choose what her heart tells her." "Her heart isn't telling her," Edward says. "This is exactly what we went through with Bella," Alice says as Renesmee's sweaty hand squeezes Jane's cold one. The Volturi looks incredibly uncomfortable, frozen like a sculpture, only her piercing red eyes moving. "Let Renesmee choose. If she likes girls, which she does, you're just condemning her by forcing her to be an imprint. And once she's fully vampire..." "Jake's imprint will fade..." Carlisle murmurs, the thought just occurring to him. When Renesmee can no longer reproduce, she will no longer be needed to continue the line of the werewolves. Getting Jacob to realize his relationship with Nessie is over could be... problematic. "Jane is going to take me to prom," Renesmee says loudly and Alice giggles. "It'll be so fun!" ,,, The pale moonlight glitters over the courtyard of Forks High School. Renesmee spins with Jane, as they have told each other a thousand secrets in a matter of days. The Volturi in the house was an unpleasant shock for everyone, but she promised to hunt in Seattle, and has held true to that. She may not value human life, or respect the Cullens remotely, but she will not lose her mate. It is engrained in her very core. "Make me a vampire," Renesmee murmurs and Jane sways her. "You already mostly are," she says softly, her breath tickling Renesmee's neck. It is cold, like her parents'. "But believe me, I will not delay my master if he were to demand. Your parents were most uncouth." Renesmee rolls her eyes. "Stop using such old-timey words." "I will speak properly, how I desire to speak, Renesmee Cullen," Jane snarls, but she smiles faintly. They melt into each other, dancing. The music overcomes them as their lips touch. Kisses. Fangs against oversized canines. Hot, feverish skin against cold ivory. And there they are, two girls making out, everyone unaware that they are a vampire and a half-vampire, mated eternally. "So Jacob and Leah finally got together," Renesmee says, breaking away from the passionate kiss. "That is good for him," Jane says, half interestedly. She sways with Renesmee longer, enjoying the feeling of their bodies pressed against each other. "And at the end of the school year my family is moving to Alaska. You can come," Renesmee says and Jane frowns. "I have my duties to the Volturi. They are beyond all else important in my life. My gift isn't of much help unless it is being used to enforce law," Jane says, touching Renesmee's waist. They kiss again, this time, tongues intertwining. Renesmee leans into it, her heart fluttering. "Maybe we should run away then." Jane smiles faintly. "Maybe." They dance for the rest of the night, a very unlikely couple, forever intertwined. ,,, A/N: This is a oneshot for now, but I would be open to continuing it if anyone is interested.