backwards, further into the house. I kicked the door closed and spun her quickly, pressing her back up against it without breaking the kiss. She gasped again, moaning as my hands clasped her thighs. I pulled them up and braced them around her hips. She wrapped her arms around my neck, one hand's fingers threading through my hair. She arched her back as I ground into her, grunting into the kiss before breaking it, both of us panting. "Edward," she panted, and I groaned, opening my eyes to look at her. She was flushed, her lips swollen from our hungry kiss. Her beautiful chocolate eyes were even darker, but so fucking deep. My eyes flickered down to her lips again as her tongue flickered out of her mouth and moistened her lips. She swallowed, her voice hoarse when she said just two words. "Fuck me." I groaned. "Your wish, my command, baby," I said, and she pulled me closer to her, slamming her lips on mine, taking control of this kiss. I groaned again, and when she bucked against me I sucked in a quick breath and ground against her. "Fuck, Bella. Bedroom?" I panted. She shook her head. "No. Here." I hummed, running my nose down her jaw, first the right side then the left before leaning back. I looked down between us and shifted her dress. She tightened her gorgeous legs around my waist, her hands wandering down to my pants as she fumbled, unbuttoning them and pushing them down in desperation. Not wanting to change a thing about our position. I kissed her deeply, my fingers brushing against her damp fucking panties before I grasped them and ripped them off. I smirked into the kiss as she gasped against my mouth, whimpering and bucking against me. Her stiletto heels pushed my pants and boxers down as efficiently and quickly as she could and I groaned as she pulled me closer to her. "Now," she growled in my ear, arching into me. "Fuck," I hissed, unable to do anything but slam into her. Her gasp was strangled and she moaned long and hard as I pulled back, my hands on either side of her, bracing on the door panels. She pushed into me, swiveling her hips, and I groaned, grabbing onto her. "Edward," she gasped, her hands in my hair then, tightening and pulling me into her. Her heels dug into my ass, grinding me against her as I stopped for a second and followed her lead, swiveling my hips before I pulled back and snapped back in, bending my knees just right to make her cry out and tighten around me in an instant. "Fuck! Yes!" she groaned, her face scrunched up in pleasure beautifully. I repeated the action and she darn-near sobbed my name, my balls tightening at the sound. "Close, close, close," she chanted as I ground against her, drilling into her at punishing speed. She reached between us and rubbed her clit in fierce circles, crying out, tightening around me and arching her back. "Edward!" she screamed. I groaned, my damp forehead dropping to her shoulder. I gave just a few more thrusts into her before I came, unable to hold off any longer—the sensation of her wet pussy wrapped around me like a fucking vice was just too much. We gasped in breaths, panting as we leaned against each other and the door, calming down gradually. "Holy shit," Bella whispered into my ear and I chuckled, still a little breathless. "Yeah," I replied tactfully. I then leaned back and smirked at her. "You know, you shocked the ever living fuck out of me when you ran into the elevator. It was hard to stay professional when I wanted to bend you over and have you facing the mirror." She laughed and kissed me. "Surprise," she whispered, biting her lip. I chuckled breathlessly and kissed her. "I fucking love you," I whispered against her lips. She smiled. "Love you, too," she said in a whisper before clearing her throat. "Rose really needed someone and no one was available. She'd been egging me on for a while to start modeling, but I wasn't sure. She called me last minute this morning, needing a major favor—said I was perfect," she raised her eyebrow at me and I laughed at the irony, "I had no idea it was for your book until I saw you in the elevator." I smiled and kissed her. "Well, it was a very nice surprise. And fitting, really." "Oh?" she inquired, dragging the single-syllable out. I nodded. "Mm-hmm; it was very fitting that my muse made it onto the cover of the book she inspired." "Hmm," she hummed seductively, grinding against me. "Well, maybe you can write a sequel," she purred, licking up my jaw to kiss my ear. Her hands gripped the lapels of my jacket and she pulled me against her hard, her heels digging into my ass again. I hardened inside her. I groaned and flexed, swiveling my hips again, rocking against her. I looked at her, leaning back just a little though. I took in the sight of her, disheveled, flushed, out of breath and thoroughly fucked. I wanted her again, and I would have her. After all, I needed a whole lot more material I could use for the sequel. And my beautiful Bella, my girlfriend of just a few months and quite possibly the love of my life, was the best muse I'd ever had. So how was that? I really wanted to write one of those "all is not as it seems" kinda stories. Please let me know - did I succeed? I hope you liked this as much as I loved writing this. I just really love this oneshot. And FYI, there's a PDF available should this be deleted or come under threat. Just review with your email and I'll send it. Please review with your thoughts! I can't wait to hear them... bexie25