with him as you can, you know," the blonde said, drawing my attention back to her. She had returned her gaze to the photograph on my shelf and continued to stare at it while she spoke. "Before you know it, they're gone." Rose sounded distant, as if she was deep in thought. Up to that point I had only thought about how hard all this was on Esme and Carlisle, but clearly Rosalie hadn't passed over to where she was supposed to be and her heartache was surely as unyielding as theirs was. She was stuck in a plain of existence where she didn't belong and she was alone. An orphan. The blonde turned to look at me again with no discernible expression on her face, but her eyes seemed to have changed colour. They looked darker somehow. I don't know why but I had to look away, instead training my gaze on the discarded baseball bat, which still lay on the floor. Thinking of everything Rosalie had said, I suddenly thought of another question I wanted an answer to. "Hey, do you know who killed–" I began, only to cut myself off when I saw that Rose wasn't standing in front of me anymore. She wasn't anywhere, in fact. "Hello?" I already knew I wouldn't get a response before I spoke but it was a reflex. I knew Rose was gone. I flopped down onto the couch and exhaled audibly. Did all that actually happen? I pinched my arm, just to make doubly sure I hadn't dreamt the whole thing. Yeah, I'm definitely still awake. My mind was buzzing with thoughts of Rose and Esme and my mind wandered into a land where they were still together as mother and daughter. I thought sleep would evade me but I did eventually fall asleep, waking up several hours later with a crick in my neck. I groaned and stretched out my stiff muscles before I remembered that it was Christmas Day. I smiled at the thought of spending the day with my father and was about to start getting ready when I noticed a small, red box sitting in the middle of my coffee table. Frowning, I simply stared at it for a moment. I didn't recognise it as one of my own and it also hadn't been sitting there last night. I leant forward slowly and gently lifted the box into my lap, as if it would explode at any moment. Slipping the lid off, I was stunned to see a brand new, top of the range iPod nestled inside. It was better than my old one and I knew for a fact it was incredibly expensive. My jaw dropped and I actually burst out laughing in my disbelief. I shook myself out of my daze and looked for a card. Lying folded at the bottom of the box was, what appeared to be, a newspaper article. I carefully lifted it out and didn't need to unfold it to tell it was old; the paper was worn and discoloured. When I did unfold it, something fell out and I managed to catch it before it hit the floor. It was a note: "Yes, I know who did it." That's all it said. I turned it over in my hands, trying to find some other hidden text, but there was nothing. It was written in very elegant, old fashioned handwriting and I felt a sudden weight in my stomach. This couldn't possibly be from who I think it's from…? With trembling fingers I turned my attention back to the torn out newspaper article: LOCAL BANKER FOUND DEAD IN UNEXPLAINED CIRCUMSTANCES. " Rochester police are scrambling to find answers after local businessman, Royce King, 24, was found horrifically tortured and beaten to death in his own home. Mr. King was found laid out in an upstairs bedroom with both the door and window locked from the inside. " Mr. King was arrested just over a year ago on suspicion of killing Rochester teenager, Rosalie Cullen, but was never convicted of the crime due to lack of evidence. It is thought that someone who still believed Mr. King to be guilty of the murder could be behind his demise, although exactly how remains a mystery.. ." Royce King. That's who killed her. I remember reading his name when I was at the library; he had allegedly been in a relationship with Rose at the time she was murdered. How did Rose get this newspaper article? It had been written long after she died. Ghosts don't read the newspaper. Or write notes, or buy goddamn iPods as Christmas presents. The truth hit me like a slap to the face and the scrap of newspaper fell from between my fingers. Rosalie Cullen wasn't a ghost or my Guardian Angel, she was something else entirely. Something I didn't understand. Who or what did I have a conversation with last night? I heard an obnoxious buzzing noise coming from the alarm clock in my bedroom and it shook me from my thoughts. That meant it was eight-thirty and I really needed to get ready; I had to be at my dad's by ten o'clock. I picked the paper up off the floor, folded it carefully and put it back into the box, placing the iPod on top of it again. I moved the little red box back onto the coffee table in the same position I found it and made my way to the bathroom. I felt better after cleansing myself of the previous day in the shower and after some thinking, I began packing my overnight bag. My father had asked me to stay the night at his house but I declined, maintaining that I didn't mind driving home alone in the dark. I had changed my mind, though, deciding to take him up on his offer. After all, ladies don't go out alone at night. A/N: Hope you enjoyed :) reviews are always welcome.