to over flow. Bella wasn't any better but she didn't have a bag. I went and took the bag from her and followed them out to the car with a sigh. This was going to be along day. EM POV After getting off the phone with Edward I looked around the room. Renée looked shocked but also worried about something. I saw that Rose had already gotten the box Edward had asked for. "I'll bring the chest over some time tomorrow for you." Jasper said with a dead voice. I frowned. I didn't know what was going on with him but there was no way he'd have done this to Bella. He'd been going on about asking her to marry him for weeks. But he'd suddenly stopped when they'd brought the house. "How could that cow thing I'd give up that house? There's no way in hell she's selling it." Alice said and Renée nodded along with her. Alice had given us all a sob story about how she hadn't meant to do what she'd done but I'd seen the gleam in her eyes from the beginning. Shaking my head I looked at the paper work that had been faxed not 2 hours ago. "Sorry to say Alice but you have no choose. The house is in Bella's name. Jasper you'll get some back from the sale but not a lot. You never put you name on any of the paper work." He just nodded. I knew he never cared about the house but he'd seen Bella fall in love with it the first time she'd seen it. So had I. She'd even spoken to me about how she could see their children running around in the garden and how she loved that their was no roads around. "They've even sent a fax about what should be in this box." I pointed at it. "Pictures of everything as well. So if you've taken anything I'd put it back or you'll have a law suit on your back so fast you won't know what to do with it." I saw Renée look to her side when I said this and how she glared. I knew right away something was going to be missing. "What else does that witch want?" Alice's voice held hatred. I looked down first before answering. "Well apart from everything that's listed here, just that you leave her store at once. You no longer work there. Your contract has ran out and unless you want to try and talk to her about updating it I thing you should start cleaning your desk out today. If it isn't your things will be packed for you and put out front for everyone to see." Alice looked heart broken. Bella had started the clothing store two years ago and had taken Alice on as her store manager right away. "But…but who's going to run the store? There's no way she could find someone this fast." "Angela Webber. She's to take over. Bella has already appointed her head of the store for now. Also Jessica Stanley will also start working there next week." Alice about screamed when I let that cat out of the bag. I nearly laughed when Rose went to hug her. I didn't but I didn't know what I was doing. How could her own sister support the woman who had hurt her family. Renée I could understand but Rose had been getting on with Bella a lot recently. Shaking my head I went and looked at the last paper that was faxed to me and was shocked when I finished reading it. "Um could you ask Charlie to come in here please. I think he should be here for this." Renée frowned but got up and called from the door for him. He walked and with a look to Renée that I'd never seen sat down away from them. "Charlie, Bella has asked that that you sign this." I handed him the paper I had just read. He frowned but read over it and looked shocked for a minute. He hadn't known anything about this I could tell. "As you've read she is signing your parents house over to you, and only you. The condition is that you can't sell it without asking her first." "What the hell are you on about? That house is ours not hers. She has no say in what we do with it." Rose shouted out. Day by day I was starting to wonder what I had ever seen in her. "No Rose it isn't. That house was given to your sister. I didn't want it and asked that they give it to one of you kids. My dad said Bella would get their house while Edward got the holiday home in Hawaii. They both knew that me and your mother had already willed our house to you, well you mother had. And I'm happy that Bella has offered me this chance to have it but please tell her that I don't want it-" "Now hang on a minute. You will sign that paper Charlie." He shook his head at his wife before standing up. It was what he said next that shocked all of us. "No Renée I won't. I know you don't like Bella, and yes I understand that what I did was unforgivable but there is no way in hell you are holding that over my head anymore. Bella is MY daughter. She may not be yours but I'll be damned if you think your going to make me feel bad anymore. So I had affair. But you've been having one longer then me. I never said anything when you had Rose but you'd better start praying to god that you can prove she's even mine and not Phil Dwyer's." With that he nodded at me and walked from the room, slamming the door behind him. TBC… Please read and review. I'd love to hear what you think so far.