serve you, Milady?" "Bella." He raised fogged eyes to question her. "We're not in the dungeon anymore, Edward. Love me." He studied her intently as he licked a long line from stern to stem, the silver ball in his mouth gliding over her swollen flesh. With nibbles and laps and darts and sucks, he ministered to her until she gave him her climax. He took her into his arms, ran up the stairs with her, and laid her down on the silver-gray carpet at the top. Ripping at his jeans, he freed himself while they kissed. His jeans hit the stairs with a plop. "Are you ready for me?" Bella looped her hands behind his neck and licked her swollen lips. "I've been dying to know what you can do with that thick cock." His expression was almost angry. "Good." He teased her with the plump head, then sank inside her all the way to the hilt. They both groaned. He bowed his head and feathered kisses onto her chest as she tossed back her head. They moved together, at first gently, then with increasing vigor. "God, Edward!" "Fuck!" "Don't come," she panted as he sped up. "I want you to go get a double dong." Disengaging, he bounded down four stairs at a time, bumping into the walls along the way. In no time at all, he was back, ripping a new toy from its packaging. He thrust a bottle of lube into her hand and fisted his cock. "Where do you want me?" Bella pointed at the upper landing. "Bottom at the top." "Oh, you crack me up." She lubricated the toy and slipped one end inside her. "I'm gonna crack something if you don't get that ass in the air." A long flail would do the trick. "Promises, promises." Resting his body on the landing, he kneeled on the top step. Isabella stood on the next step down, swung one leg over his hip and dosed his back door liberally with gel. She circled the head of the dong over his sensitive skin, then slowly pushed in until they were flesh to flesh. He moaned and clutched at the carpet as she set the pace. "Yeah, more," he said, sucking air through his teeth. "God, Bella." "You love my cock, don't you?" "Fuck, yeah." He pushed back against her as she undulated her hips. Her pumping turned erratic as her climax neared. She gripped his hip to steady herself. "I'm coming!" She thrust into him once, twice, and was seized by trembling. She steadied herself with the bannister, suddenly nervous about falling. Edward reached between them, grasped hold of the double dong, and hurled it down the stairs. Flipping onto his back, he seized her hips and pulled her down onto his shaft. "Together," he said. She nodded eagerly. "Together." They rocked in sync until he gasped and crested, eyes squeezed shut and jaw clenched. And when he gasped again and his jaw dropped, Bella bore down, nerves firing. He opened his eyes in time to see hers close. "Oh, Bella." "Keep moving!" He kneaded her hips and pumped into her until she wailed and poured herself out. Edward flopped onto the floor, and Bella collapsed onto him. They panted together and lay there like a couple of limp ragdolls. Eventually, their breathing slowed. "How do you feel about remote-controlled vibrating butt plugs?" she asked weakly. "Titillated," he said. "Wake up, sleepyhead." Edward moaned, turned to face Bella, and pulled her in automatically for a kiss. Their heady scents commingled on her cotton sheets. "Easy, champ. I don't think I can go another round." Why had she woken him, then? Sighing, he tucked her under his chin and let himself drift. Bella flicked the ring in his nipple. "Come on, now, you have to get up. People are starting to arrive." Edward frowned. "People?" "It is your birthday." He blinked. He could hear Ro and Alice's cheerful voices in Bella's kitchen and the clattering of dishes. "Are we doing something tonight?" Obviously. Bella smelled divine. Her hair was sleek and curled at the ends, and she was wearing makeup and a classic black, full-skirted dress that crisscrossed over her breasts like a toga. She motioned at the end of the bed where she'd laid out a set of his everyday clothes. "Get dressed." Edward emerged from Bella's bedroom wearing a black tee and a pair of black jeans, feeling a bit shy. "Hi, Edward," Alice called with a friendly wave. "Hi, Alice. Hi, Ro." "Hey, Eddie. How's it hangin'?" "I think it's dead." He scanned the incredible trays of hors d'oeuvres and helped himself to a bite-sized bacon melt. "Hah! Bella's not doing her job right." Bella crunched down on a nacho. "Get stuffed, Ro." "Know anyone who can provide?" The girls snickered. "Get your own," Bella said. "I don't share." Alice grabbed onto Edward's wrist and examined his bracelet. "Wow! Congratulations!" He smiled, admiring it. "Thanks." The doorbell rang. He hurried to answer it. A blond man and two women were waiting on the doorstep. "Happy birthday, Edward," the man said. "I'm James. This is my sister Lauren and my sub, Vicky." "Hi. Pleased to meet you." By the time Edward let another fifty-odd people in the house, he was ready to sit down. They were flirting upstairs, and playing downstairs, and chatting outside, and mingling all over the place. Not in the bedrooms, though. Those were locked. Bella appeared next to him and clinked on a wineglass with her fork. "Thank you all for coming. As you know, it's my boyfriend's birthday. You can call him Sweetie." Everybody clapped and cheered, and he felt his cheeks pink. "I'm not into sharing, as well you know," Bella said, "but every good boy needs a spanking for his birthday." Thank you for reading! Don't forget to leave the author some love in a review!And please keep the contest anonymous, even if you know who the author is!