my sister. Between food, rent, utilities, bare essentials, and bus or cab fare, I am down to my last ten dollars. My prepaid cell phone has been out of minutes for the past week with no funds to add more. Rent is due tomorrow and the cash pay employers have not picked me for the past month. I will have to turn over my place tomorrow. I have been stopping by Ben's office once, or twice a week, but each time I am told he has been out of town, or unreachable. I try finding his address on the internet at the public library and even in phone books, but it seems his private information is unlisted and unpublished. Most of my friends do not have a landline telephone, so without a way to retrieve their number from my old phone and no way to look up their number online, they are still unreachable. After purchasing my prepaid phone I left messages with the New England Patriots, but never heard back. Jasper's place of employment escapes me and Edward's school wouldn't give me any information, or even take a message, claiming they have no way of tracking down their students. Although I don't want to bother her now with her overwhelmingly successful business, I also need help. Knowing she would be there for me, I find her business number online and call. A male answers and tells me she is at a catering event, so I leave a message with him. It was my last hope. Today is the day. I gather the few belongings I have and place them into my backpack. Knocking on the landlady's door, I deliver the news. "Hello, Mrs. Cope. I am here to turn in my keys." She is a sweet, kind, and generous lady who attends my church. "OH!" She says surprised. "Do you have a place to stay?" Not wanting to take advantage, or put her out I lie and tell her I am going to be staying with a friend. Each day following, I look for work and go to the library when necessary. When my clothes become dirty and I am a bit scruffy-looking, I am no longer welcome at the library. I have sold off everything except my sleeping bag and tent. The only other things I own are the clothes on my back, my winter coat, my suit, gloves, stocking hat, scarf, a water bottle, my pocket Bible, and a few personal care items such as a toothbrush, comb, and two spare pairs of underwear. All these things easily fit into the sleeping bag, which is tied to the tent bag. I never did hear back from Jasper, Edward, Peter, or anyone else I left messages before running out of minutes. Ben never returns any of my phone calls, or sought me out. The last time I stop by Ben's office, the receptionist sees me coming and has already called the police. I don't bother going to the pastor again, ashamed of where my life has ended up. I am in the depths of despair and depression has weaved its way into me. I no longer see the light at the end of the tunnel. Everything seems hopeless, useless, and worthless… I feel worthless and abandoned by the only friends I thought I had, including Ben. That's how I ended up here. None of this stops me from praying to God, or asking Him for forgiveness though. Even if it does seem hopeless, I know He is always there. Suddenly an angel appears before me and wraps her arms around me. We are standing on the beach as the sun sets over the ocean, our arms wrapped around each other. The warm wind gently blows off the ocean as the tide rises, tickling our feet. The auburn highlights come out in her wavy, brunette hair sweeping across my arm resting on her lower back. She looks up at me with her dark brown eyes; the depth of adoration within is so intense I could buckle under. "Just you and me. There's nothing to worry about." Hearing those words relax me because I know with her by my side, I can do anything. She is my strength through my doubts... my lighthouse guiding me when I am lost in a storm. She amazes me with her devotion. "I love you." "I love you too, Angel." I bend down and slowly, gently capture her lips with my own, bringing my right hand up to cup her face as our mouths dance, mold, and form together. Is it wrong to kiss such a divine being? I realize I don't care because the feel of her lips shadowing my lead sends tingles throughout my entire body. Moments later, I am sweeping her into my arms. ~*~*~*~*~*~*~ LitS ~*~*~*~*~*~*~ A/N – What do you think? I really hope mama4dukes enjoys this fic written for her. I love seeing readers favor and alert my stories, but I REALLY LOVE hearing how much you enjoyed it, or what you enjoyed about the story by leaving a review. I reply to every review I receive. I LOVE connecting with all my reviewers to thank then and maybe even discuss things, so please allow me the courtesy of logging into FFn to leave a review, or at the very least, leave your Fanfiction profile name so I can PM you. If you see grammatical errors, please PM (private message) me so I can correct them. Posted: 10-17-13 ~*~ LitS ~*~ I'm in love with a C/B FF story that SHOULD have more than 482 reviews! It is well written and one of the more original FF stories I have read in a LOOOONG time! It is C/B and many OCs, plus the main characters go through some big changes. I truly believe the anti-hybrid readers would love this story too. PLEASE give it a try (by Corinne Tate): Go to fanfiction . net and then add: /s/6980703/1/Cold-Fragile-Hearts