he seemed the only one within hearing distance, and I needed to ask where the right monitor was. I thought out what to say, not wanting to let him affect me like he had before. "Can you tell me where the Marsh funnel monitor is, please?" I sounded suitably confident, but I knew once I'd spoken that I hadn't made myself heard over the machinery. He focussed his curious gaze on me. "Speak up, lady," he said, putting his hand behind his ear. His accent was English, maybe with a tinge of somewhere Northern. Annoying, pretty fucker . I looked him in the eye, confidently, and repeated my question loudly, adding, "I assume you know what that is?" Shit, that sounded patronising. Why am I being this antagonistic? He seemed to bring out the worst in me. "Of course." He gave an easy smile that lit up his whole face, and I couldn't help but smile back. That was short lived. "You're the Mud-man right? Or should I say … mud-woman. Mud-ma'am?" He laughed. I stepped in closer to be heard without shouting, though closer to him was not where I wanted to be at this moment. "Yes, I'm here as a trainee Mud Engineer," I said primly, not bothering to say 'Fluid Engineer' as he'd probably make a joke out of that too. I hated hearing stupid nicknames for my career — they didn't do justice to the high degree of technical knowledge it required. I'd studied for four years, plus my year and a bit onshore, before managing to secure this position. "Have you ever been on an offshore rig before?" He seemed a bit amused, but perhaps he was just curious. "Well, no, but I've worked at one onshore." I didn't add that most of it was in an office. "Fuck, you're in for a shock then, sweetheart," he said. I bristled at the 'sweetheart', but at least he was ignoring his colleague's suggestion not to swear in front of a woman. "Actually, I'm well aware of what's involved, thank you." He ignored me. "The long hours? The huge distance from civilisation?" "I'll cope." "At least a lack of the opposite sex won't be a problem for you." I wanted to slap him. And then kiss the dirty smirk off his face. I decided to confront him about yesterday instead — that was probably safer. At least I could get the whole thing cleared up and move on. "Did you lose a bet about me yesterday?" I demanded. He quirked an eyebrow, then licked his soft lips, seeming to pause in thought. "How did you know?" I snorted, muttering, "Men," under my breath. I preferred their company to women, but some of them still managed to amaze me with their stupidity. "The others bet that I'd end up sleeping with you." I swallowed hard, surprised at his honesty as much as at the exact nature of the bet. "You what ?" I mentally counted to ten to avoid letting out too many expletives. I didn't want to start my first week with threats to report someone for sexual discrimination. "Kind of disrespectful, I know, but we do our best to entertain ourselves during the boring long hours here … we get up to all sorts. They made me an online dating profile once!" I snorted at that, but he ignored me. "But it's hard to keep a girlfriend when I'm away from home so long. It's better if I just don't get involved. Anyway … we were all curious what sort of a woman would come out here to work." I was about to say I'd never asked about his marital status and then give him an earful about the bet, but he was talkative once he got going. "So I told them 'no way' was I going to end up sleeping with you, but that was before I'd set eyes on you." He reached out to touch my heated cheek, and I didn't stop him. "I knew that moment that I was a lost cause." I was glad the men nearby seemed too busy to notice any of this. I pretended to tuck some hair behind my ear, even though most of it was in fact pinned back and hidden under my helmet. "Tell me you don't have a boyfriend?" he asked, sounding a little desperate. "I don't," I admitted. I didn't know why I wasn't telling him that it was none of his business; I couldn't seem to ignore the spark between us. "Okay, well, I'm going to have to wait until we get off the rig, or I'll get us both fired." He laughed. "That's going to be pretty difficult though, Bella." I loved the way my name sounded on his tongue. That started off thoughts of his tongue on me , and the heat from my face moved further down. That bloody blush again. "Fuck me, you feel it too?" I could hear relief in his voice. He looked at me knowingly. I didn't trust myself to answer. Instead, I tried to get back to what I was here for. "Please, just show me to the probe." "Oh, I can show you my probe if you like, Bella." He chuckled. "Really? You're really going to go there?" I asked, hands on hips. I'd dealt with enough men at university to know how to handle myself — being in the female minority, I'd often attracted attention. It was probably best to stop him now, in case he ended up talking about drilling me. I didn't know if I could handle that. He held his hands up in apology, but he was still chuckling softly. "OK, I'll take you over there. I'll be good now, I promise." I should have been relieved, but wasn't altogether sure I wanted him to be good. I followed him across the platform. This was going to be a really long two weeks. A/N: Tell me what you think. :)