of the horrified faces. She dropped her jaw in mock anger. "You guys are so mean! No, I'm not going to sing." The room let out a sigh of relief. Bella dropped her jaw again and hit the closest wolf to her in the back of the head with the microphone; which just so happened to be Jared. "Ouch! Seriously?!" he exclaimed, rubbing his already bruised head. Bella laughed before putting the mic up to her lips. "Brady, be a doll and turn on that camera over there." Behind the couches was a camera on a tri-pod pointing at the kitchen door. The wolves had wondered what it was for, but when Claire had put it up earlier, they were instructed not to touch it. Brady got up and turned the camera on. "Ok, Brady you're in charge of pictures for now," Bella told him. He turned a shade of white. He could not screw up or he'd get his ass kicked with a frying pan. Bella bent over and pushed the button on the music player, and the Super Mario Bros theme came on. Bella started to talk in an announcer voice into the mic so she could be heard over the music. "And first up, from the Land of Super Mario, we have Yoshi !" With that, Rachel came out of the kitchen and started to pose for the guys, who showed her as much enthusiasm as they did Bella. Flashes were coming from the back of the room where Brady was rushing to take as many pictures as he could. As the song ended, Rachel went to stand over by Bella. The song switched over to the main theme from 'Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door.' "Next up we have, all the way from Mario Land herself, Mario!" Bella called. Claire came out, posing with her hammer and walking around the room. The camera flashed, the boys cheered, Claire posed. When she was done, the music changed over to the theme from Pokémon. "Thirdly, taking a break from catching them all, we have, Pikachu!" Kim stepped out. It was the same as the three that came before her, except that for her finale, she threw a pokéball, hitting Jared square in the nose. "Are you fucking kidding me?!" Jared shouted, covering his nose. His face started to turn red from all of the laughter directed at him from everyone in the room. After the laugh-fest, Bella picked up the mic from the floor; she had dropped it when Jared yelled in outrage. "And finally! Last but certainly not least, ' escaping from the city'... Sonic!" When Emily stepped out, the track changed to 'City Escape', from Sonic Adventure 2. The boys laughed at Bella's reference to the song before clapping and cheering Emily on. When the song ended, Bella rushed over to Brady and put the camera on a mode that had in flashing every second. The final song on the CD started to play, and all of the girls got the boys up out of their spots. "Partaaaaaaaaaay!" Claire yelled. Everyone replied with a similar yell or whistle. They all started dancing around the Blacks' living room, dancing to the mash up of all of the songs that played earlier. Afterwards, they all took some more pictures before starting to settle down. A few trick or treaters even came by, ringing the doorbell ever so often. Someone would rush towards the door to give out candy. And someone always had to have an eye on the sweets to make sure no wolves stole some. At about 9:00pm, the girls got everyone dessert (because they were tired of having to swat them away from the candy bowl)while the boys - inspired by their costumes- played video games on the Wii. It was 11:00pm when the Blacks' were finally left alone in their house, exhausted from the nights activities. They had just finished cleaning up downstairs and were now getting ready for bed. Jacob flopped down face first onto the bed in their room. "Ugh, what a night. I'm so tired," he said, yawing loudly while stretching his arms over his head. Bella laughed at him from the sink, rubbing off her makeup with a damp towel. "I know, but come here so I can wipe your make up off. You're getting it all over the comforter!" she scolded him. He slowly got up from the bed and made his way towards her. She lifted her hand to his face to wipe away the little bit of makeup she had applied onto his face to accent his costume. When she was done, she patted him on the cheek. "There," she said. "Can I change out of my costume now?" "Yup. Please hang it up for me instead of throwing it on the floor." She knew him so well. After he had stashed away his costume and put on a pair of comfortable boxers, he flopped onto the bed... again. Bella shut off the light in the bathroom, after having finally gotten ready for bed. "Tired already, Mr. Black?" He looked up at his small wife to see her in black. She knew what that color on her did to him. His eyes glazed over in desire. She sat down on the bed next to him. "There have been many tricks for you today. Ready for your treat?" "Well, Mrs. Black, I've been ready for my treat the moment there was a trick," he said huskily, pulling Bella close to him. He kissed the tip of her nose, making her giggle ever so softly. "Happy Halloween, Bells." Awwwwww, they're so cute! Thanks for reading my one-shot! I'll try to write my new story as fast as I can, but no promises that it will be out anytime soon, since I'm so slow :( But thanks for sticking with me! Review please! Maybe I'll do another one-shot if this one gets a lot of love? Maybe? You guys rock! -Bella Wolff