when you were looking at them closely you could see shades of emerald green and gold. He had eyebrows like any normal guy, but even his eyebrows were entrancing. That was a first. Entranced by someone's eyebrows. He was wearing dress trousers and a loose button up white shirt, casually formal with a green tie. It brought out his eyes. It looked like he was muscular though, by the way the fabric tightened at his back, casting small shadows of muscle shapes. I licked my lips. 'Are you drunk?' He asked as I stood up, scowling, an irritable attitude on. Even that voice. Deep, quiet. Velvety, soft. 'Oh, I'm fine, thanks for asking.' He just looked at me incredulously, and I stuck out my hand and smile. 'I'm Bella Swan. Nice to meet you.' 'I know. Edward Cullen.' He didn't smile back, just shook my hand. With that one touch, I got tingles. It was stupid, but I was feeling goose bumps rise all over my body. I shivered, and he was looking at me, smiling crookedly. With one hand, he reached out to touch my hand again, I shivered when his hand lightly brushed with mine, and he smiled. Then muttered. 'Interesting.' He turned around and went back to laying his stuff out on the desk. I took a step back, crossing my arms. We stood in awkward silence door a moment, scowling at each other. I shook off my attitude, because this was going to be hard enough without starting an all-out wall between my colleague and me. I opened my laptop and started to write a few e-mails, firstly to James thanking him for this opportunity and then internet-stalking Cullen, even though he was only a few feet away from me. I read some interesting stuff until I came across where he went to college. 'You went to Yale?' I blurted out unthinkingly. I had just blown that I was spying on him via internet. 'Yeah. Finished three years ago. Where did you go?' 'Princeton.' 'Nice.' He went back to packing, and even though he didn't look it, I felt incredibly awkward. Small-talk was never my best effort. 'Um, listen Edward, I really think that we should get to know each other if we're going to be working together this year. Not anything personal, just general stuff.' He looked at me, expectantly. I bucked under the pressure. Staring out the window and the water droplets down the glass, I spoke. 'I'll go first. I'm twenty-two. Went to Princeton, live with my friend Emmett. Mom and Dad divorced. Single. Only child. Favourite colour purple. Shakespeare's my favourite author. You go. ' 'Twenty-three. Went to Yale. Live in an apartment with my friend Jasper. Mom and Dad dead. Raised by aunt and uncle. Not really single. First born out of two, sister Alice. Favourite colour blue. Don't have a favourite author.' He looked straight at me, and for some reason he was just annoying me by looking at me like he didn't want me there. 'I'm sorry, I didn't mean for you to tell me anything you didn't want me to know.' 'It's fine.' Something about the way he was talking just irritated me. Like he wanted to get rid of me. So instead of irritating him further just by being alive, I stormed out the door. I was over-reacting, but I couldn't help it. 'Asshole,' I muttered as I closed the door. I'm pretty sure he heard me, because I heard a laugh. 'Not really single? What the hell is that supposed to mean, anyway?' I ranted across the living room, Emmett lying on the couch flicking through the sports channels. 'It means he's a player, Bella.' 'No way.' 'Way.' 'No. He's so silent. Aren't they usually cocky?' 'He's silent at the job. Take him to the club and he's making out with the first girl who says 'hello.'' 'How do you know?' 'Please. I'm that guy. I invented guys like this Edwardo you speak of, before I met Rose.' 'Well, he's not going to play with me.' 'Right.' Emmett snorted into his beer. 'What?!' I yelled, snatching the remote out of his grasp and forcing him to look at me. 'Bella, he's already in your head. I know that you haven't had a date in like a year, but you're not immune.' He looked at me, smiling slightly, like he knew something I didn't. 'I'm his boss!' 'So?' 'So I could get fired!' 'True.' 'I hate this. Do you think Victoria would let me have Newton instead?' 'Newton? He's like a puppy. Hopeless. If you want that promotion you won't get it with him.' 'I hate my life.' 'You'll get over it. Go eat some ice-cream and you'll stop being such a girl.' 'I'm telling Rose if you don't shut up.' ''Tell her what? I'm an innocent little angel.' The last thing anyone ever expected Emmett to be would be an angel. 'I'll tell her about your playboy stash behind the toilet tank.' 'Shutting up now.' 'But seriously, Edward Cullen, no girl would be around him, he's an irritating little shit.' 'What? Edward. Cullen? His last name is Cullen? Edward. Cullen?' He stopped flicking the channel and looked at me, a boyish smile spreading over his cute face and making dimples. It was scaring me. He only gets that look when he's planning something or shitting. 'Yeah. What about him?' 'Do you realise that Cullen's my last name too?' 'Yeah, it's a common name. What about it?' 'He's my cousin.' After that breaking development, and Emmett's teasing, I stormed off to be with the shits, and Emmett's promise to call Edward and make a dinner date with him, I threw a pillow at his head, went into my room, and starting thinking about what I ever did in a past life. 'Bella's got to work with my cousin. Bella and Edward sitting in a tree. W.r.i.t.i.n.g…' 'I'm telling Rose!' Emmett shut up, and I submerged into sleep.