his impressive length with unabashed excitement. I was about to get fucked like it was going out of style. It almost made me weep. Weep for his cock. Edward stalked, that was the only word for it, toward me and rested his forehead against mine. His hands made a rough grab for my hips. "Up!" I didn't need to be told twice. I used his shoulders as leverage and pulled myself up; Edward's hands helping me maneuver into place. I could feel him, hot and hard as steel against me. I grasped him by the back of the neck, tracing my tongue along his bottom lip. I was ready for the fucking. And as he guided himself to my center, sliding it up and down and coating himself with my wetness, it seemed he was too. "Hold on tight … Sweet Jesus!" Edward snapped his hips and pushed deep, making my breath catch in my throat. He set a punishing rhythm, and I clung to him as I bounced. One hand held my hip as the other came to slam beside my head, and a picture rattled and fell to the floor. I couldn't care less if the whole house fell apart as long as his dick stayed right where it was. He gritted his teeth, and I could have sworn he growled as he swiveled and thrust. Searching, searching, searching for that sweet spot. "Oh, oh … Edward, fuck, you fuck so good, and holy mother of fuuuuuuck!" I babbled as he locked onto that mythical holy land that only my battery-operated friend could ever seem to find. His smirk was the definition of cocky. "That's it, huh? That's the … fuck you feel so goddamn good … spot. Jesus, do that again." I tightened my muscles around his dick, squeezing him harder every time he retreated. His head dropped, his hot breath on my shoulders right before he bit down. I squealed and said a few words I'm pretty sure weren't even real. But Edward was a quick study. "You like that? Like it when I bite you while I fuck you?" He didn't wait for an answer; his teeth scraped and slid up my neck, biting and nibbling as his cock continued to erase every thought but him from my head. "So, so good. Edward, fuck, I'm close." I panted, my hand sliding between us and plucking my nipple. Edward swore hotly, shaking his head. "Lower. Put those fingers on your clit; put them on me. Feel me fucking you." Edward grunted, his fingers curling harder into my hip. I knew I would have bruises, and it fucking excited me. I moved my hand lower, past my clit and down. I let my fingers form a "V" and glided them over his slick cock. I felt him twitch and heard the heavy exhale of air against my neck. With my fingers now soaked, I moved them to my clit and pressed hard. I began to move them in circles, and I knew it wouldn't take long. I moaned and rolled my hips against Edward's cock and against my own fingers. I could feel the pressure building. "That's it, baby. Keep those fingers on that clit. You and me, Bella, we're going to make you come so fucking hard the neighbors will hear you scream. Jesus, that's so fucking hot. God, come, baby, fucking come … I can't …" A sharp thrust, a swivel of pounding hips, and a circle of my own fingers and the coil snapped. Edward was right. I screamed, I cursed, and I came so hard and so good that I could feel it down to the tips of my toes. "EDWARD … OH FUCK, FUCK!" I yanked his hair, then I turned the tables and bit him hard on the shoulder. He jerked and growled and slammed deep a few more times. "Fuckin shit, fuckin can't … gonna … BELLA!" His voice was loud but hoarse, and the grunt he breathed against my neck sent aftershocks trembling through me. His own knees must have weakened because he took us both to the floor, his arms clutching me tightly to him. Our bodies slid against each other delightfully from the sweat we'd both worked up. I let my head loll back and gave him a lazy, fully-satisfied grin. My God, I'd hit the jackpot. This man was sex personified, and there was no way I was letting this be a one-time thing. I needed that dick on the regular. That tongue and those fingers too. "So, um … I … um … I'd very much like to do that again. And often." Edward's voice came out slightly husky but with the same adorable shyness of my earlier hot nerd conquest. "Honey, you can do me any time you like. Consider it open season on my hoo-ha for you. You can come any day or night. As long as I get to come, too." I wiggled my eyebrows, and Edward let out a soft chuckle. "You're crazy, but I like your kind of crazy. I like you." "I like you, too. And your wonder-cock." I couldn't help it. It needed to be praised. I'd erect (heh heh) statues to it if he'd let me. "You seem to have a one-track mind … and your tits are very distracting." Twitch. "Oh, my …" "Bella, I do believe you said something about my face earlier." "I did? Well, hot stuff, you fucked my brains out, so refresh my memory." I ran my finger along his bottom lip, and he playfully nipped at it. Oh, I wanted to keep him. "It was something along the lines of you riding it." Edward licked his lips, and that smoldering spark was back in his eyes. I squeaked, jumping up and trying to pull him up with me. I hooked my thumb behind me and pointed. "Bedroom's that way, stud." Oh, we were both about to get it so good. Again.