wolves come running in I am going to scream to Sam that you attacked me. They are going to tear you to pieces. Treaty over." "You would lie?" "Absolutely." I told him honestly. "Why? Bella why do you fight this?" "Why can't you see I don't love you? Please just leave and go die somewhere. Somewhere far away. Please go. I am begging here." "Bella…" "Edward…" "I have had it Bella. I have had it with you begging me to kill myself over the last four years. How much of this abuse do you think you can put me through? I have apologized a thousand times for leaving you. This is ridiculous." "Yes it is. I don't want your apology. Edward you want the truth? I don't love you because you are a pussy!" "Bell…wait…what?" "You're a pussy Edward. Always have been. You couldn't even kill James yourself. Whoever I love has to be as strong as I am. Whether they are human or vampire. I love Ty. He isn't a pussy. Strongest man I know. You can't compete with that. You just can't. It's not in your nature. Even if you kidnapped me and turned me I would still just kick your ass when I woke. Do you know how I know this? Because you are a pussy!" "I…I didn't realize you…" "Bella! Get in here girl! Time for the holiday traditions." Ty yelled. I walked into the living room to see Ty walking away from Dad after shaking his hand. Dad stood in the corner and looked very pale. Oh God no. Please don't do the dick in a box prank Ty. Please don't. I saw he packed it and I took it out. He couldn't have found it before we loaded the luggage right? "Gather round folks. Time to read the Night Before Christmas. Only I'm gonna give ya'll a treat. I'm going to tell you all a bit different story." He sat in a chair in front of the fireplace. What the hell was he doing? I had an idea my pussy/and or ass would be prominent in this. The room quieted down. "I found this off the internet, but made a few adjustment's Hope you enjoy. Baby boo, this is dedicated to you. 'Twas da night before Christmas & all in the hood, Not a homie was stirrin cuz it was all good. The stockings was hung on the window sill, And we all had smiles up on our grill. Tyrone and Bella was snug in the crib, In the back bedroom, cuz that's how we live. And Bells in her little red nightie and me with my nine, Had just gotten busy cuz my Shortie is fine. All of a sudden a lowrider rolled by, Bumpin' phat beats cuz the system be fly. I bounced to the window at a quarter past, 'Bout ready to pop a cap in somebody's ass! I yelled to my lady, Bells peep this! She said, come back to bed Ty and mind your business. I said, for real though, come check this out. We weren't even buggin', no worries, no doubt. Cuz bumpin' an thumpin' from around the way, Was Santa, 8 reindeer and a sleigh. The beats was kickin', the ride was phat, I said, "Yo red Dawg, you all that!" He threw up a sign and yelled to his boyz, "Ay yo, give it up, let's make some noise!" To the top of the campus tower & across the strip mall, We gots ta go, I got a booty call!" He pulled up his ride on the top of our roof, And sippin' on a 40, he busted a move. I yelled up to Santa, "Yo ain't got no stack!" He said, "Damn Tyrone, your game is wack! But don't worry Ty, cuz I gots tha skillz, I learnt back when I hadda pay tha billz." Out from his bag he pulled 3 small things, A credit card, a knife, and a bobby pin. He slid down the fire escape smooth as a cat, And busted the window wit' a b-ball bat. I said, "Whassup, Santa? Why ya bust my place?" He said, "You best get on up out my face!" His threads was all leather, his chains was all gold, His sneaks was Puma and they was 5 years old. He dropped down the duffle, Sun devil logo on the side. Santa broke out the loot and my mouth popped open wide. A wink of his eye and a shine off his gold tooth, He cabbage patched his way back onto the roof. He jumped in his sleigh with rims made of chrome, To tap that booty waitin' at home. And all I heard as he cruised outta sight, Was a loud and hearty... "WEEESST SIIIIDE!" I had tears in my eyes. I loved him so much. Quil started clapping. He was joined by everyone else. Ty winked at me. I moved to kiss his cheek and he grabbed my waist and placed me in his chair. Ty was on one knee. Oh shit. He had a box. "Bells, you been the love of my life since I first saw you. This here is my grandmother's wedding ring. My Momma insisted that I give it to you. You are my everything. Always will be. No matter what life throws at us we got each other's back. You been my girlfriend, my lover, my agent…now I want you to be my wife. You and me against the world. How bout it? Will you marry me?" "Yes Ty. Yes I will marry you." He gently wiped the tears off my cheek but they kept falling. I couldn't help it. I didn't want to bring it up and now he did… "Ty, your Mom knows about this right?" "Yeah darlin." "Make sure she knows you asked me before I told you this. Please?" "Sure darlin. Wait… tell me what?" "We are having a baby." A/N Merry Christmas everybody!