five hundred people, that is a lot." I agreed. "Yep, so they all must be just as hush-hush about it as our family was, because I never knew any of this existed here at all." He said. "No, me neither." I nodded, just as the girls called us in to eat dinner. That night, Renée and I talked about a lot of things on the drive home. We stopped for ice cream so we'd have a little longer to chat. "So lemme get this straight. William Black Sr. was married to both Judith and your mom, and your dad was actually married to both your mom and Judith Black? How did nobody know that?" Renée asked me. "Yep, apparently, on paper the girls were both hyphenated as Black-Swan. But Judith just used the Black part and my mom just used the Swan part, so that no one would know. They probably kept it from us more so that we wouldn't accidentally tell anybody, then for any other reason." I explained. "Wow, so you and Billy might be brothers?" "Well, either way we're brothers to some extent. At the very least, I guess we'd be step-brothers. But likely it could turn out that we are half of even full siblings. We'll know for sure in a few weeks, I think." "Wow, I wonder how many other families we know are actually polygamous. There are plenty of houses in the village that have more than one family sharing a house. Maybe a lot are more cozy than we knew. This is so cool! It's like living on a commune! Hey Baby, would you ever want a second wife?" She asked and I almost veered us off the road with shock. "I doubt there is really a right way to answer that question. So I will just say that I sure am happy with the woman I've already got." "Silly Charles! It wasn't a trick question. Heck, I'd gladly take a second husband if I didn't think you'd be too jealous and unreasonable about it. And it isn't about being unhappy with the one you've got, Charlie. It's about having enough love in your heart to be able to give to more than one person. Think about it, did any of your parents ever seem unhappy to you?" I genuinely thought about it. "No, I can't say that they ever did. In fact the four of them were always happier than most of the other grown-ups we ever knew growing up. So I suppose, at least in their case, maybe you're right. By the way, what do you mean that I'm unreasonable and jealous? When have I ever been unreasonable or jealous Renée?" I huffed. "Well you were certainly jealous earlier tonight when the topic of past boyfriends came up. And you get unreasonable whenever I try to talk about anything too 'out there' as you put it. Like that time I asked you to come with me for a palm reading, remember?" She pointed out. "Renée there is a huge difference. Palmistry is a bunch of mumbo jumbo, all of that hokey new age stuff is. And I get jealous at the idea of previous boyfriends because it reminds me how easy it would be for me to lose you to one of those duffleheads and the thought of losing you scares the shit outta me, Baby." "Charlie, I'm not entirely sure what a dufflehead is, but I assure you that none of my ex boyfriends still hold any current appeal for me. And as for the palmistry, well, you just can't tell me that there isn't any real magic in the world because I cannot believe that. Some of them may be fraudulent, yes, even the majority might be. But I believe that somewhere out there is a real psychic and I am going to meet one one day, even if it is the last thing I do." "Alright Baby, well good luck with that." I smiled as I dropped her off at home. "Now, may I please get a good night kiss before your mother chases me off with her broom?" I teased. "Yes, you may." She said kissing me, and I noticed her lips felt cold. "Oh! Charles, your burning up!" She gasped. "Nah, it's just hot in this car because you're so damn sexy Renée, now get in there before your mother comes out here!" I demanded playfully, shooing her away. "Fine, but I'm bringing you by some chicken noodle soup tomorrow. You can't get sick, we have to spend the next few weeks packing." "Yes Mom!" I teased her and blew her a kiss before driving off. I decided to roll down the windows on the way home because I really was feeling a little warm and a bit tired too, so I didn't want to fall asleep at the wheel. After a few minutes driving in the fresh air I was feeling a lot better. That is until I smelled the worst odor I have ever smelled in my life. It was so damn potent that it burned my nose! I pulled off to the side, got out of the truck and started shaking. The hairs on the back of my neck stood up and I felt like I was being watched. The smell grew even stronger and then everything exploded. I felt a rage I had never felt before as I chased after the source of the scent. The creature was close, I could feel it in my bones, as my paws tore up the ground. P aws!? I'd have to think more about what that meant later. For now, I had me a culprit to catch. AN: I'll take thoughts, questions, criticisms etc. The only thing I will not stand for is silence. Opinions are like belly buttons, everybody has one. And I sure as heck want to hear yours! Er, your opinion, I mean. Not your belly button. Thank you! :-D Blessings, -BMW