twelve tables?" I frowned. He smiled at me. "This table has the best light. I promise I won't disturb you," he said. He was right. It was the reason I always sat at this table, it was also set back from all the other tables in a bay window. "I like looking out the window as I work. If it's too much bother I'll go somewhere else," he said with a smile, the smile made my heart beat faster than normal. "Sure," I mumbled, looking away from the boy. I went back to my drawing but I was hyper away of the boy sitting across from me. I took a sneak peak at what he was doing. He was drawing too. "You like drawing?" I exclaimed. He looked up. "Yeah," he smiled. "Me too," I returned the smile. "I'm Axton," he said extending his hand to me. His name was unusual but I liked it, it made me smile more. "Clara," I answered, shaking it. His hand was strong and large around mine. "You're new here right?" I asked. "Yeah, my first day," he shrugged. "Have you made any new friends?" I asked. "Not yet," he shrugged. "I'm surprised you don't have twenty girls all over you," I laughed. "Why would you say that?" he asked. I cringed as I realised what I had said. "Well er… you're really handsome," I laughed awkwardly. It was the first thing I noticed about him. "Did you come with the other new kids?" I asked trying to change the subject. He was a different kind of handsome to the Cullen's, the Cullen's were strikingly beautiful, alluring and quite frankly painful to look at, Axton was like warm sun, he smouldered and seemed less intimidating. "There's other new kids? No I didn't I'm on my own," he said sadly. "Oh right." I said slowly. The conversation just got awkward. It didn't seem like he wanted to be on his own and that just made me feel uncomfortable. "I have a sister but she isn't around anymore," he told me. "Sorry to hear that," I said, not sure what he was implying. Luckily the bell rang to signify next period. I shot up and grabbed my things. "Nice to meet you Axton," I said and quickly scurried off. My heart was still beating rapidly from his gaze. A boy had never had that effect on me before and I was slightly stunned. I went straight to Biology and sat down, it was a new year and new lab partners would be picked but Elijah and I always picked each other. "Okay class I don't want you to have the same lab partner as last year. You need to make new friends. Pick someone else," Mr Harrison called. "What no!" Elijah called out. "Mr Jenkins is there a problem?" Mr Harrison asked. "Yeah, Clara and I are always lab partners," he frowned. "Well this year you won't be. Pick someone else," he demanded. Elijah huffed and moved from the seat next to me. I didn't move. I assumed someone would sit next to me, or the kid that was left would have to. "Kara?" I heard Elijah ask our friend. "Sure," she grinned as they sat next to each other. I knew Kara liked Elijah, more than just a friend but he was completely oblivious to it. "Clara?" I heard a familiar voice ask, I looked up to see Axton there. "Mind if I pair with you?" he asked uncomfortably. "Er sure," I said with wide eyes and moved my stuff to my side of the desk. He sat next to me as the others paired. I saw Elijah watching us curiously. I was about to go back to my drawing when I saw two of the Cullen's walk in. "Edward and Isabella?" Mr Harrison asked. They smiled and Edward began talking to Mr Harrison, Isabella was holding his hand but ignoring the conversation. She looked around the room and when she saw me looking at her she smiled. I blushed and dropped my head down to my drawing. I was aware of them walking towards me but I didn't look up. They both sat on the empty desk in front of Axton and me. I stared at them from behind. "How come the new kids don't have to separate?" I heard Elijah ask. "Because it's their first day. Give them time to settle Elijah. I may allow you to change around again next semester," Mr Harrison answered Elijah. Elijah huffed in response and the class started. I was paying more attention to the two people in front of me than the class itself. Every now and then Edward would turn to Isabella and smile or nod or shake his head as if she was speaking to him but I never saw her mouth move. "I want you to share your results with a table by you," Mr Harrison said after we finished an experiment. "Hi I'm Bella, what did you get?" Isabella asked, turning to look at Axton and me. I was too shocked to answer her. Axton happily exchanged results with her and Edward. "I'm Axton this is Clara," he said afterwards. "This is my boyfriend Edward," she smiled having already introduced herself as Bella not Isabella. "I hear you're new too," Edward said to Axton. "Yeah it's overwhelming," he laughed. "I agree," Edward smiled warmly. Before they could speak anymore the teacher called our attention back. One thing I had noticed during our brief encounter with Edward and Bella was their facial expressions. They were always so controlled and now I could see them up close their eyes burned gold. They couldn't be what I thought they were. They just couldn't. Could they? Hope you all liked the first chapter! If you're interested in who I envision as these characters pictures are on my blog, as well as a family tree connecting Clara to Edward and Bella. Blog: BellaNessieCullen. Blogspot. Com (remove spaces)