what he was afraid of, I mean I guess Paul is scary in a way but I knew he wouldn't hurt anyone. He's like my brother Darren. He wouldn't hurt anyone but he likes to keep people back with this 'I don't care about anyone angry attitude'. "Sam's not here but I am, you can't go." He growled tearing his eyes from mine to glare at Seth. Seth took a step forward and towards Paul, he started to shake. "You can't do this, it's Janey, she's my..." Growled Seth. He seemed lost for the word...this all seemed pretty intense for someone he just met...But Janey is gorgeous. Plus these Quilete boys seem to be extra passionate. Especially compared to boys back home. "Look Sam would understand you know he would...please Paul." Seth had seemed to get a hold of himself better than Paul. Paul was about to come back with something I'm sure was going to be a 'no' when I decided to take matters into my own hands. "Paul. Can I have a word with you?" I asked quite loudly, he looked back at me, shocked. "In private." He looked back at Seth's pleading eyes and Janey's shocked face and sighed nodding, "fine" he hissed storming off with long strides back towards his pick up. I had to jog to keep up with him. I looked back at Janey and she mouthed thank you at me before turning back to Seth who had started talking to her. "Well what?" He growled leaning against the passenger door of his truck. "Look, just do me a favour okay?" I was shocked at the words coming out of my mouth. I didn't want anything from that cretin but I heard myself saying it all the same. Paul looked just as shocked as I did, "just let him come. My sister has been having a hard time here and I think it would help her to make a friend." He looked at me blinking a few times. He was starring a my face his expression softening. "I just asked him over for a BBQ with my dad is throwing...Nothing weird." He seemed to be starring into my eyes, a little lost. It probably looked quite funny to someone who walked past, a massive Adonis who looked like he had been carved out of stone next to funny old frizzy me. "Paul." I coughed, his eyes snapped away from mine looking to the floor, he groaned like he was annoyed with himself about something. "Fine." He murmured. Not looking at me again. He looked quite attractive when he was angry...I pushed that thought to the back of my mind. Oh God I don't want thoughts like that on my mind. "Fine." I said, so annoyed with myself for thinking that. Before he had chance to say another word I stormed off back to my sister and Seth who seemed to be getting on like a house on fire. They were chatting happily by the time I reached them...it made it all worth it seeing Janey so happy. "All sorted!" I smiled, they both beamed at me. "Who was that?" Asked Janey, looking at me delighted. "Nothing I can't handle". I replied cutting Seth off before he said anything. "What were you meant to do with Sam?" I asked Seth as we all got into my truck. There was only just enough room considering there was only a front seat. Seth seemed to take up nearly two seats and Janey and me had to share the drivers seat. She didn't seem to mind being pushed up close to him. "Oh," cried Seth, a little panicked for a second. "Sam is my...well he's like my older brother. He looks out for us all. I was meant to do...a few jobs for him after school." "You won't get in trouble will you?" Asked Janey, looking concerned at Seth. He looked like he melted right there and then. "It'll be worth it." Seth smiled, looking at Janey. "...You're worth it." He whispered. She blushed looking away, playing with the ends of her long red hair. Her's was a lot longer than mine and always flowed over her shoulders and down her back. No matter what I did it never looked half as good as hers. "Well if Paul gives you any trouble." I said, "just let me know." Seth laughed like I had just told a hilarious joke. Which annoyed me, he was in my car after all and I had practically set him up with my lovely gorgeous sister. The way I saw it, he pretty much owed me. Or at least should be nice to me for gods sake. "Thats not very nice." Janey said before I could respond. "She seemed to handle him pretty well just then." I tried to hide my smile. I loved my sister. She was such a lovely girl. "I'm sorry," said Seth. Pleading with Janey, he looked at her like she had wounded him. "It's just that no one tells Paul to do anything. Or even asks him to do anything. Everyone's afraid of him, Even the teachers are afraid of him." "I don't think that's true." I said driving down the road to our little house. Seth and Janey looked at me like I had grown a third head. "I know he's moody but I wouldn't go as far as to say everyone was scared of him." "He looked quite scary to me." Janey said, I looked at her. I'm surprised she said that because Derren has anger problems. Mind you, I don't think she's seen any proper meltdowns from Derren. I think we both want to protect her from that side of him... "Sometimes people find things/situations hard to deal with." I heard myself say, "and they can't see any way out it. It just sort of festers and makes everything worse. It's hard to get out of it..." I didn't really know what I was talking about.