hair back over her shoulder. "I told them I was going to take the week to get settled in and get used to my work schedule, so probably next weekend sometime." "Good, that gives us our nights to hang out and catch up then." she smiled. The three of us spent some time just laying around catching up and discussing weekend plans. I eventually got up and put my clothes and toiletries away as we continued our stories and reminiscing about times back home. I noticed my stomach growl just as I was putting the final few things from my suitcase into place. "Someone's hungry." Alice commented just as her stomach betrayed her as well. "I'd say I'm not the only one!" "How's pizza sound?" Rose asked as she flipped her phone open already dialing the pizza place down the street. Alice's eyes lit up. "Pineapple and ham?" she squealed. "What else is there?" I said knowingly as Rose placed our order. I grinned and high-fived the girls and we all jumped up and went into the living room. I plopped onto the comfy brown couch and Alice pulled some paper plates out of the cereal cabinet. We had our pizza delivered and sat around the television to watch The Office. It was the episode where Jim comes into work dressed up like Dwight in the beginning. The three of us ate our dinner and laughed until we cried. That was one of our favorite episodes. After seeing it for the first time, Alice had made the three of us little tote bags with a bear eating a beat and shooting laser beams out of it's eyes at little spaceships. We carried them around everywhere! We got a lot of comments on them too. Alice was so creative, I swear. Already on a bit of a high from the three of us finally all living together, laughing so hard from watching The Office, and it being a bit late, we all decided we needed to release some of the energy from our systems by no other means of course, than a pretty happening dance party. This time, Alice did her signature move "the stomp" as she clenched her hands into fists and shook them up and down in rhythm with her feet while she stomped circles around the floor. Her head too, was in rhythm with her limbs, causing her hair to fling wildly about her face. Rose was over in a corner trying to moonwalk, and I was doing jumping jacks and running in place around the center of the room. After about five minutes of us jumping around and dancing without any sort of music other than our snorts and giggles, there was a loud knock on the door. The three of us stopped dancing immediately, eyes wide, and covered our mouths. "You're the newbie, you go answer the door! Maybe they wont be mad, whoever it is, if they don't recognize you." Alice whispered frantically. "Yeah right, Al! You're the cute one, you go answer it!" I spat back. "Oh Lord, I'll go get it. But you two better not cower in here like a couple of wusses! I'm not going to take all the heat for this." Rose laughed as she stalked towards the door. She's always the tough one. We all scurried out into the living room and Rose peeked through the peephole. She turned to us with her hand on the door knob and shrugged. "I think they put their finger in front of the eye hole." She whispered, slightly annoyed. Alice and I giggled at Rose's term "eye hole". It really must be late. We all took deep breaths, Alice hiding behind me and peeking from under my arm. When Alice opened the door, there stood a big muscular guy in a pair of white sweat pants. He was carrying a blanket and his eyes looked full of sleep. He was about six foot four and slightly tan, I'm sure he'd have been pretty attractive if his hair wasn't in such disarray and he didn't look like he wanted to punch us all in the baby makers. Actually, the hair in disarray was pretty hot, just not the whole baby maker punching gaze. "Hey… uhm... so where are the elephants?" the guy asked sleepily scratching his head. "Excuse me?" Rose laughed once and looked back at us in confusion. "The elephants... where are they?" he asked again. Is this guy sleep walking? I wondered in my head. I bit my bottom lip trying not to laugh in case he was awake and would get offended at me finding humor in his odd question. "I'm sorry, I don't know what you're talking about. We have no elephants... in... our... apartment." Rose said trying to keep her own laughter at bay. "Oh well, if you find them could you please inform them that there are people in this apartment building who have to be up in the morning and them stampeding around above my head is keeping me from sleep. It's actually pissing me off pretty good. I'd like to not fall asleep on the job tomorrow if its at all possible." He smirked as he wrapped his blanket around his shoulders like a cape. "Well last we checked there was no one below us so sorry if we kept you awake..." Rose said seeming slightly annoyed at his smart remark. "Mmhmm." was all he said as he turned and started to walk away. "let them know that if they're quiet the rest of the night, I'll give them a box of peanuts." he added as he walked away down the hall and back to the elevator. Rose slammed the door and spun on her heel to look at Alice and I. "I think that jerk just called us fat!" she fumed. It got quiet for about ten seconds and then we all burst out laughing. Apparently, we did have down stairs neighbors after all.