down on his knee and pushed at their shoulders. Bella stepped between them and reached up for Edward's hand. Her eyes were wet, and he could tell that she was crying. The guards moved to help her up, and Edward took her hands as he pulled her onto the stage beside him. They stood before the crowd, just staring at one another for the longest time. She was wearing a flowered dress with a little sweater over the top of it. It was loose fitting, but when he looked down, he could see just the smallest hint of a bulge. "I love you," she whispered. "I'm sorry I didn't listen before." His eyes looked into hers again, and he lifted his hands to cup her cheeks. "I'm so sorry, baby. I don't want any of this without you." "I know," she said, smiling through her tears. "Come back to me," he said so softly that no one but Bella was able to hear him. She stepped forward and wrapped her arms around his waist, pulling her body tightly against his. When their lips met, the audience around them was silent. They knew they were witnessing something much bigger than fame or fortune or talent. This was true love, the kind that only comes along once in a very great while. Several of the women in crowd began to "aww" and smile up at the two lovers. Neither Edward nor Bella noticed, but there was a shift in his fans that night. Before, women had been ruthless in their pursuit of Edward, which was always a sore point between him and Bella. They both knew it was a hazard that came with the job, but they knew they were strong enough to overcome it. Now, the women saw a man who was completely in love with a woman and that he was willing to put his heart on his sleeve for her. They respected that, and they wished it for themselves, too. As their kiss broke and Edward's forehead leaned against Bella's, the crowd began to cheer. It was hard to ignore destiny when it was right before your eyes. Edward pulled her ring out of his front pocket and took her left hand, sliding it back to the place it belonged. "Be mine again?" he asked. Bella smiled. "I never stopped." He held her hand for a moment, then let go and moved both hands to hold her waist. Moving them together, they paused over her stomach, where their unborn child was growing bigger and bigger. "She's so big already," he whispered with a smile, looking into Bella's eyes. She met his smile with her own, and they both laughed as they heard the crowd gasp in surprise. The baby wasn't something they'd planned on just yet, and they hadn't told anyone, with the exception of family and a few close friends. Edward had thought his manager Jasper was one of those friends, but he'd been proven wrong. Things had gone completely out of control when Rose showed up, and Jasper booked her singing trio onto Edward's tour. Edward and Rose had dated a year before he met Bella. It had never been anything serious, just teenage hormones and curiosity. But once Bella appeared, Rose didn't exist in Edward's eyes. The fact that she'd matured into a total bombshell didn't phase Edward, and it hadn't meant anything to Bella either, until she walked onto his tour bus one night the previous month and saw what she thought was her husband having sex with his old high school flame. As Edward laid in his bed — fully clothed, though covered with a sheet — a lingerie-clad Rose writhed on top of him, moaning and cursing and calling out in pleasure over and over again. If Bella had looked closer she would have realized that Edward was asleep and that her screaming was what had woken him. It wasn't the half-naked blonde sitting on top of him. Bella would have seen him push Rose away as he scrambled to get out of the room. Bella would have known that he ran out into the parking lot searching for her but was met by Jasper, who insisted he'd just seen her speeding away in her sister's car. Edward kissed her again, holding her as close to him as he could with her seven month pregnant belly between them. "Come home?" she asked, to which he happily nodded. The crowd continued to cheer and shout their congratulations as the couple left the stage, hand in hand. Making their way toward the back door of the theater, Jasper caught them. He looked as though he'd been pulled away from a rather vigorous activity, his hair standing on end and his rumpled shirt untucked. "Just what do you think you're doing?" he yelled to Edward. "I'm going home with my wife. I'll see you in San Diego next week." "You can't just leave the tour like this, Edward! Your fans are expecting you!" "It's a family emergency. Deal with it." They hurried through the parking lot to Angela's waiting car. She smiled at them as they climbed into the backseat and then sped away toward their home. Things weren't always perfect, and sometimes they were horrible, but from that moment on, Bella never again questioned Edward's feelings for her. And the fact that his song quickly climbed the charts to become his best-selling single to date made her heart happy. He was hers, and a few months later as she watched him cuddling their baby girl and singing softly to her, she knew she'd made the right decision. No one knew her like Edward did, and that was something she would never forget. .~'~0~'~. A/N: Hope you enjoyed my Musicianward. I don't think I've really written one of those before. :D And if you get a chance, check out the video for the song that inspired this. The guy's kinda hot, and the song's pretty. :)