hardwood floor right now. She nodded and gave me a small half-smile. "Alright." She gave me a hug before leaving me in the kitchen alone. I sighed and ran my fingers through my hair. I counted to a hundred before I stuck my hands in my pockets and slowly shuffled from the room. I assumed we would all be meeting in my grandfather's office and I found my assumptions to be correct when I pushed open the door and discovered the rest of my family sans the younger children. Grandpa Carlisle sat behind his paper-strewn desk and Grandma Esme stood next to him, half-leaning into him. Aunt Rose perched on the arm of the love seat with Uncle Emmet sitting next to her, one hand on her thigh. Jasper leaned against the wall, arms folded. Normally, I would have made a comment about this being for family only but my voice barely wanted to work to swallow the lump of tears that refused to go away. Aunt Alice sat in the remaining chair, eyes downcast. She didn't flinch when I walked passed her and took a seat on the end table next to Uncle Emmett. Carlisle cleared his throat. "Now, that we are all here, let's try our best to make it through all of this. If it becomes too much for anyone, we can take a break and resume. The first part that I will go over is Edward's stocks." His voice broke saying my dad's name and I swore I heard my grandmother whimper. Alice hunched her shoulders in further but kept quiet. I really looked at my grandfather. He seemed to have aged ten years in less than a week. Gone was my calm but confident grandfather who did everything with perfect precision and grace. Now, his hands trembled holding the files and his words sounded forced. Once we all had a good idea of my dad's stocks and how they would be distributed, we moved on to number his assets. I tuned out most of the conversation and only listened when I heard my dad's piano mentioned. "Where would his piano go?" I interrupted. Carlisle put the file down and stared at me. "What do you mean, Scarlett?" he asked gently. "Did Dad make plans for his piano?" I said, unable to look at him. My grandfather sighed. "I am unsure if he did or not. Is it something that you want?" he asked. I shook my head and worried at my bottom lip with my teeth. "I only know a handful of songs but Mason loves it. Do you think it would be possible to bring it here? It would fit in the living room near the back windows. The acoustics for that room are nearly perfect and the piano already matches the furniture. Then, Mason and I can play when we visit. I just don't want it going to a museum or being sold or donated. I know that makes me selfish but it is my dad's piano. I want it to stay in the family, please." I realized I had been rambling and quickly shut my mouth. Esme gave me a watery smile. "I think that is a wonderful idea." She said, "I never realized but the furniture already matches and we do have the space for it. I don't know anything about the acoustics but if that is something that you want, then I will be sure to make it happen." Uncle Emmet squeezed my shoulder. "Way to contribute." He stage-whispered. I gave him a quick smile. "Thanks, Uncle Emmett." He squeezed my shoulder again before dropping his hand. I noticed Alice had looked up from the floor and was now staring at me but the expression on her face was unreadable. "If that is everything to discuss, it is time to read Edward's last will and testament." Carlisle began, "I want everyone to know that while I was my son's lawyer, he made all of the decisions himself." Everyone nodded before he continued. Once again, I tuned my grandfather out as he began reading out loud. I didn't want to know who got our house or how much my trust fund would be. All I wanted was my dad back, anything else was inconsequential. I really must have zoned out because I suddenly heard a gasp and Aunt Rose say a word that would have cost her a dollar if her children had heard. I looked around the room and found that everyone was now staring at me. "What?" I asked irritatingly. I knew I had missed something and judging by everyone's reactions it wasn't going to be good. Carlisle cleared his throat again and re-read the passage. "Finally, I would like to discuss my children. Both Scarlett and Mason will receive a monthly allowance as well as the amount as mentioned earlier that will be submitted to their trust fund. They will have access to it when they turn 21 and it will safely be held under my parent's ownership until they become of age. As for guardianship, I would like my brother Emmett McCarty and sister-in-law Rosalie Hale McCarty to take over as guardians for my son, Mason. His special needs require him to have a stable environment and as they live in the same town as my parents, his schedule will not overly change. As for Scarlett, I have decided to name my other sister, Alice Brandon, as her guardian. Scarlett has not coped well since the incident involving her mother and I know that it is quite possible that Scarlett will act out after my passing as well. I believe that staying with my sister and a change of scenery will help her flourish." While Carlisle had finished and began to read the second paragraph explaining my father's decision in more detail, my head swiveled to my Aunt who looked just as shocked as I was. In that moment, I knew I was unconditionally and irrevocably screwed.