I was lost in my thoughts, Jane arrived and told us Bella's chambers were ready. Aro took the liberty of placing her in our wing where she would be guarded at all times. He explained to her my Chambers were next to hers and had an adjoining door. The four of us made our way to our wing. Marcus went into his chambers and Aro went to find his wife. I took Isabella to mine, so we could talk privately and without interruption. I asked her questions of her life and how she came to know Carlisle and his dysfunctional lot. She explained how her mother was flighty and scatter brained which left her to deal with paying the bills, grocery shopping, and things they needed. She said when her mom remarried her step-father; she chose to go live with her dad, the police chief of Forks, WA. She told me everything about school, meeting Carlisle's family, playing baseball with them, how they were interrupted by the Nomads and being attacked by one of them, her disastrous birthday party, Edward leaving her in the woods, her state of catatonia, and ultimately coming here. When she finished her story I was so angry, I wanted nothing more than to kill the boy who brought her into this world and practically handed her to me; with the help of his sister. She could tell I was enraged but approached me slowly and placed a hand on my arm. I stiffened but began to relax from her gentle touch. Her hand moved from my arm to my back, where she massaged circles causing me to relax more. I turned to face her and looked her in the eye. I opened my mouth to say something, anything; but she beat me to the punch and asked with a statement, "Your eyes, their so black; like pools of onyx. Are you thirsty?" "Our eyes turn black in anger, desire, and thirst. But I am not thirsty. I am, however, upset with all you have been through. I am angry at myself for being cold with you and calling you a liability. Isabella, I cannot deny the pull to you I am experiencing. I have never felt drawn to another like this. I don't know how to explain it." "Caius, I feel it too. I feel like someone has wrapped a rope around my heart and tied it to you. It hurts to be away from you and I don't understand why. What would someone like you want someone like me? I'm plain and not at all pretty. You can have anyone, why me? Don't get me wrong; I'm glad you want me and your heart chose me but I am far from beautiful." I could feel my anger rise as I turned to look her and snapped, "DO NOT SAY THAT! You are very beautiful! When you blush, I long to rip your clothes off just to see how far that blush goes. YOU, MY GIRL ARE EVERYTHING TO ME! NEVER SAY YOU ARE PLAIN AND NOT BEAUTIFUL AGAIN." She stood there staring at me as I slowly began to regain control of my anger. I moved toward her and with every step I took, she took two back until her back was against the wall. I placed my hands on the wall behind her and pinned her to it with my body. Her warmth felt as though it were seeping into my very soul, warming my bones, and melting my stone cold heart. I leaned in and placed my marble lips against her soft pliable ones. It felt as if an electrical current flowed between us. I pulled back with a gasp. She drew in a breath and asked, "Did you feel that? What was that?" I quietly answered, "Yes, I did and I have no idea." We looked into each other's eyes as she moved her hands up my arms and tangled in my hair drawing me into another kiss. I ran my tongue over the seam of her lips asking for entrance. She opened granting me access. Our tongues danced and stroked each other in a timeless dance of blooming desire. Never had I tasted something so intoxicating. After a few minutes we pulled apart for her to breathe. We looked at one another spellbound before our lips crashed together and or tongues battled for dominance. I gently moved from her mouth across her cheek to her neck, kissing and nipping along the way. She moaned as I worked my way back to her swollen lips to capture them again. I was feeling like a starving man eating his first meal in many hours. When I pulled away again, she needed to have a human moment and I told her to change into the clothes Jane placed in the bathroom for her to sleep in. I could hear the rustle of fabric as she changed, the water run as she brushed her teeth, and the sound of her running a brush through her hair. I removed my suit jacket and opened a few buttons of my shirt as she walked out of the bathroom. She wore a red silk night gown that reached the floor. I walked over to her, scooped her up into my arms, carried her to the bed, and gently placed her on it. I joined her of course, after pulling the blankets over her. I moved to hover over her and kissed her good night before rolling onto my side and pulling her into me so I could hold her as she slept. Never had I felt like this. In a few moments this selfless creature, my beautiful Bella, had me completely and utterly in love with her. I watched her sleep peacefully as I thought back to our earlier conversation and realized one of her requirements before her change was met and checked off the list; her first real kiss. Please review and tell me your thoughts.