giving me a serious look with his one open eye. "And you can't just ignore it and think it'll go away." I sighed and nodded, huddling closer to him. "I promise." "Good," he said, clearing his throat as he sat up. He made no move to get out of bed, instead rubbing his eyes and blinking a few times before he reached for me. He kissed me sweetly but chastely and I realised that he wanted to do this now . "Uh," I started, figuring that maybe I should just get it all out. "I don't really know how to start…" "From the beginning," Edward said softly, smiling at me. "What happened that made you think that… that I had cancer?" I frowned, shaking my head. "I didn't think you had cancer… ok, so maybe I did a little," I amended when he raised an eyebrow at me. "I just… it's really stupid…" "Bella, nothing that makes you so scared that you feel the need to sneak around my back to research it and… and that keeps you up all night and causes you to withdraw from me could ever be stupid," he said seriously. I nodded, but didn't say anything. I still felt silly for making such a mountain out of a molehill. I sighed. "So, you know that fear I have?" He frowned. "You mean the one about Royal North Shore? Where… your dad and 'pa died?" I nodded. "Yeah," he said slowly, looking at me. "Well, I had a dream that I was walking through Royal North Shore," I started. "And I was walking down the hall and then I turned into this room and…" I trailed off, taking a deep breath as my heart and throat constricted as I remembered what I'd seen. Edward: broken, frail, and dying. Edward rubbed his hands up and down my arms and I leaned against him as I continued again, telling him the rest of my dream. It was hard, considering that Edward dying—and in the RNS at that—was my greatest fear. By the end of it, I was crying and sniffling as Edward held me against his chest. He pressed kisses to my hair and forehead as I tried to calm down by taking deep breaths of his smell. "Bella," Edward whispered and I pulled back to look up at him. He was frowning as he looked down at me, cupping my cheeks, his eyes pleading and needy as they stared into mine. "Bella, there is nothing wrong with me. I am fine, I swear." "But—" Edward shook his head, and I said nothing. "Bella, I swear to you, I will not leave you and you will not lose me. What can I do to make this better? To make you understand that?" I stopped and thought for a moment. "Well, you could…" I trailed off, biting my lip and looking down at his chest. I drew patterns on it until his hand moved to clasp and halt mine. "What, love?" Edward prodded gently. "I'll do anything, I swear." "Go for a check-up?" I asked quietly, hesitantly. "I-I mean, you don't have to, but if you went and they checked you over… you do have a few moles, Edward, and you spent so much time as a kid in the sun… you were a little nipper and everything and you yourself told me that your mum didn't always make you put on sunscreen… I-I just—" "Done," Edward said, pressing a finger to my lips. I looked at him, blinking, my mind not understanding what he was saying for a moment. He smiled down at my confused expression and kissed me softly on the lips once. "Done," he repeated. I sniffled and smiled, tears flowing down my cheeks again, though relieved they were this time. I kissed him desperately and pushed him back against the mattress, and he chuckled as he let me have my way with him… TWO MONTHS LATER I gripped Edward's hand as we waited, nerves clawing at me. Edward rubbed his thumb against the back of my hand and kissed my cheek, his own way of trying to comfort me and get me to calm down. It didn't really help all that much. "Edward Cullen," a feminine, clinical voice chirped and Edward and I immediately got up and walked into the doctor's office. The doctor followed behind us and smiled as she sat down at the desk. "I'm sorry for making you wait," Doctor Brandon said sweetly. My smile was tight-lipped and jittery; Edward was the one to answer verbally. "That's fine," he said quietly. "Thank you for seeing us today." Doctor Brandon shrugged. "Well, the results are in," she said, opening Edward's file. My heart lurched in my chest and I gripped Edward's hand tighter. "And?" I prodded, leaning forward. She smiled at the both of us. "The mole was benign," she said pleasantly. "You're cancer free, Mr Cullen." I released the breath I hadn't realised I'd been holding. "Thank you," I whispered fervently to her and she nodded, getting up from her seat as I turned to face Edward. He was smiling. "I told you not to worry, didn't I?" I ignored him, sweet relief only letting me say a few words. "You're cancer free," I cried. "You're fine." "Nah," he said, leaning in to kiss me on the lips as he rested a hand on my abdomen, against the child we'd created that night two months ago, growing in my womb. "I'm absolutely perfect." See? I told you everything would be fine! But, yeah. So that's it. I have absolutely no plan to write anymore for this - not even another chapter. I love this ending just as it is and I really can't see what would add to it. I hope it lived up to standard, and I hope you all liked it as much as I loved writing it! Thanks and please review and tell me what you thought , bexie25