by the bed is when I see Edward's eyes are shut and his head it lulled back. "Is he okay?" "Yeah" Dr Banner grunts as they set ends down on the bed. I instantly begin covering him with blankets being carful of his wound. "He fainted. The pain was very intense. He'll come around" I sit beside him on the bed; my hand reaches out to brush his hair out of his face. It's such an automatic action I think nothing of it. "Isabella" Father speaks up. I turn and see Dr Banner and Father Churney have left the room. "Please, don't get attached." "I don't know what you mean" I blush, standing up and away from Edward. "Don't fall for him" Father begs. "Whilst he's an amazing man, and I'd love for him to be a part of our family, he can't give you the life you deserve. He can't. He's on the run - constantly hiding. If he's not on the run - he's dead. Do you understand?" "Father-" "-no, Isabella. I don't want to hear it. Do. You. Understand?" "yes" I whisper. My heart drops. I hate lying to my Father. Papa leaves, taking time to climb up all the steps. Edward is still passed out. I decide to make myself useful and prepare him some food and water for when he wakes. I have no idea if he'll be hungry but I want to be prepared. I cut him two slices of the bread we received this morning, and slice some cheese on top. I carry it down stairs along with some water and the matches. In the dark, I place down the food and drink before lighting candles. The soft glow eliminates the room. His eyes are watching me. "oh" I gasp "ho-how are you feeling? I-I brought you food? Are you hungry?" "Yes" he croaks out. He tried to clear his throat before I hand him the water. "Thank you" he says softly, after taking a long sip. I offer a small smile but say no more as I lower myself in the wooden chair I placed by his bed. "I thought you were an angel" he whispers, his hand reaching for mine again. "In the kitchen. I thought I was-and it was okay because this angel was with me" he smiles softly. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to think. My mind is a jumbled mess and I can't quite believe I'm in this situation. I hand him the bread once he's finished his drink. "That's for you. I brought that for you to enjoy" He hands it back to me. "please". "how…?" "You don't remember me, do you?" he asks, his beautiful eyes so sad. "What?" I gasp. He chuckles softly, with no humour. "I thought not. We were…maybe 8 years old. We met outside the Church. I was visiting family and my Aunt Esme wouldn't hear of us missing Church come Sunday. You had this pretty blue bow in your hair. You told me your Mama made it for you". My mouth goes dry as I try to remember, but I just can't. I can't remember this occurring. I can't remember the bronze haired boy. I remember the blue bow. I remember how distraught I was when I couldn't find it. Mama had made me more, in other colours, but my favourite blue one was nowhere to be found. "I picked you a daisy" he prompts. My hand flies over my mouth to cover another gasp. I remember now. I remember that daisy. I still have that daisy. I rush out of the room and into my own. Seeing Alice asleep on the bed is like a cold bucket of reality covers me. Do not get swept away, Isabella. This won't last. It can't last. I locate the small box I've had hidden under my straw mattress for years. When opened the nostalgia floods me. The small tin box contains small mementoes I've collected throughout my life – a hair clasp my mother loved, the first wooden doll Papa whittled me (although I told him I lost it when he told me to give it to Alice), one piece of confetti I collected from the church floor when my Uncle William married and, lastly, one small, pressed daisy. Plucking it out of the box, I swiftly push it back under the bed before leaving the room, flower in hand. Edward hasn't moved since I've been gone, not that I expected him to have. His soft, loving gaze almost cripples me. When close enough to him, I press the flower into his hand. "You kept it!" he whispers, eyebrows lifting and lips curing into the most handsome grin I've ever seen. "Your hair colour changed" I reply. The young boy who gave me that flower was of sandy hair colour. His eyes though? His eyes are the same, devastatingly beautiful eyes I faintly remember. "yes" he chucked, his long fingers running through them "it got darker, I suppose. I have a confession though – I took the blue bow. I still have it" "You – you did? I don't remember" "Isabella, don't fret. You've had so much to deal with in your young life. So much loss. So much weight placed on the shoulders of a young girl. I understand. We'll…we'll make new memories. If you'd like" "I do" I whisper, his lovely face aglow in the candle light. "but my Papa-" "-he worries. I know" he gestures down to his wound "no Papa would want this for his daughter. But I promise you – I promise you Isabella," his hands grip both of mine tightly, and he sits up as much as possible, his face inches from mine. "This isn't forever. This can't be our forever. We'll be together. We'll be happy. We'll be safe. I'll come back for you. One day. I swear." "You will?" "yes…and I'll marry you". A/N: much love. See ya next time