I went to follow him toward Bella. "There's nothing for you to do here. Please, Edward. Go with Emmett and wait outside. We've got this. We'll let you know all we can as soon as we can." I looked down at her and let out a sob. "I can't lose her, Alice, I can't. And I can't lose our baby. I promised her I'd do everything I could." She swallowed, tears in her eyes as she took in how troubled I was. "I know and you have. But you have to trust us to do all we can as well. Please." My shoulders slumped in defeat and I nodded. "Fine," I said gravely. "Her O.B. is Carlisle Cullen. He works here." She nodded. "I know him; we'll put in the call. Go with Emmett," she said softly. I turned and stumbled out into the hallway, casting one last longing glance at my wife. Emmett was waiting there, running his hand through his short, curly hair. He clasped my shoulder in support as I stopped and slide down the wall, the weight of everything that had happened today finally overcoming me. I pressed the heels of my hands, the fingers curled tight into the palms, against my forehead as I sobbed and shook. Emmett slide down the wall beside me, his hand still on my shoulder, but I shoved him off and turned around, away from him. All I could do was pray for my wife and child. BPOV I was uncomfortable when I woke up. There was a bright light shining in my face, and whatever I was lying against was hard and uncomfortable. With each breath my ribs ached and when I moved, my hip screamed in protest. I was cold to the point of shivering and there was this annoying beeping close by. I opened my eyes, and my sight was blurry. For the first few seconds I was confused as I looked around, unsure of where I was and why I was here. But as I realised where I was, I remembered why, and the beeping sound increased in speed as my heart hammered away nervously, the pit of my stomach becoming full of a swarm of bees. I felt like I was gonna be sick. On instinct, my head swung around and my eyes settled on my stomach. Something was different; it was no larger or, from what I could tell, smaller and yet somehow I felt strangely empty. I certainly couldn't feel bubs inside me, kicking away as bubs always did. Tears welled in my eyes as the thought that we'd lost our child came over me. I let out a small sob, my hand coming up to cup my mouth, and in the back of my mind, I wondered where Edward was. Was he arranging our child's funeral? God, how was I going to face him? I'd lost our child, our baby… our little bubba. How could he ever look at me the same? "Bubs is asleep, baby," I heard Edward whisper hoarsely from my left and my head snapped up to look at him. I sniffled as my brain took in the words that my heart could not make sense of. "What?" I whispered back. "She's asleep," he whispered with a small smile, his hand reaching up to brush my hair back off my face. The look on his face, combined with the repeated words washed over me and the dam broke. I sobbed loudly then, my hands flying up to my face, before I looked at him and reached for him, ignoring the protest of my ribs and hip. "I love you," he whispered against my lips. "Calm down, love. Our baby's fine… she's absolutely perfect." "She? Really?" I asked, voice cracking. He nodded and pointed to a small white box thing in his hand—a baby monitor I found. He handed it to me and I carefully took it into my hands, staring down at it. I looked back up at him and he nodded with a smile on his face. I took in a shallow breath, which caught when a garble on the other side and a short cry sounded. "That's—that's our baby?" I asked my husband. He nodded. "That's our baby. She's a miracle, Bella. She really is. With the damage, she shouldn't have survived that long, especially since you couldn't feel her but she did. They had to do an emergency caesarean section and she wasn't breathing," his voice broke and his eyes closed for a second, "but her heart was still strong and then after a moment she took a breath and she cried." He chuckled thickly. "She's got a real pair'a lungs on her, sweetheart." I laughed as well, and then we laughed together, tears in our eyes as our foreheads leaned against each other's. We kissed but were interrupted by our baby girl as she left out a cry on the other side of the monitor, and we chuckled, unable to be anything but happy. So here's the info that I had for you on my research (which only involved asking one of the gate attendants, LOL)- When a woman is pregnant, you go through the wide gates (not sure if you have those in US, they don't have them in France or London from memory). Those gates have sensors that are slower to react as they're also for the elderly and families with kids. Those are softer than the other gates. The other gates also have sensors that detect whether or not there is any movement so they don't close on anyone. If they begin to, they usually bump and snap back open. Obviously that didn't happen here-hence the technical issue and the suffering of Bella and bub. So yeah, that's that. Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed it. If ya did, please let me know through a review :) I'd love to know what you all thought about this little thing. bexie25