with shiny-maybe gold-ears and whiskers. "I'm a cat." "I can see that." Edward couldn't help but laugh. "Where did you get these?" "I make them. I have loads of them." "You made these?" "Papier-mâché." He took his off to get a closer look. He ran his finger over it, feeling the different textures. When he touched along the music notes, she said, "Decoupaged sheet music." "These are amazing." She pushed his chin up so that he closed his mouth. "Look at you. Why didn't you have that look on your face when I gave you that?" She poked the shoe pin she'd attached to him earlier. He'd forgotten all about it. He'd gone for the Chinese food wearing it. "Hey, now, it's not every day I'm forced to don women's footwear. There needs to be an adjustment period for cross-dressing." Her laugh was so like he remembered it. "Okay. Do you want to trade then? The shoes for the mask?" "Not if you expect me to actually wear it." "I just want you to have something. Something I made." "You've made loads of these you said? Can I see? Can I pick one?" Her eyes reflected a flickering candle that didn't exist. They flamed. "How 'bout if I make you one? Special. What do you want it to be?" He looked down, turning the mask around in his hands. "I don't know. Can I think about it? "Of course you can. I'm kind of on a bird kick right now; I'm thinking of doing a hawk one." Edward listened as Bella described how she got into mask making, the evolution of a series of Sole Windows projects where she put human faces on shoes. Shoe-pins, shoe earrings, shoe drawings, actual shoes. "I was sort of obsessed with it for a while, after Gram died." "I'm so sorry, Bella. I wish... well I don't know what to say. Except - I wish I could've been here." "Me, too." She took her mask off, turning around and hanging it on a wall-hook. "I really, you know. Grappled with it. It was so sudden. In the morning she was frying up French toast - you remember her French toast?" "Please tell me she left you the recipe." Bella laughed. "She did. The secret ingredient is, get this. Marsala wine ." Edward's brows lifted. "Anyway. In the morning she was fine. She was pronounced dead before dinnertime. How do you... reconcile that? You know? I didn't know how. I started making some really bad art. Just... horrendous garbage. I call it therapy now, but at the time it was more like-" She brought her hands up, her fingers stretched out into hooks that she used to claw the air around her body; her eyes slightly glossed despite her smile. "Drowning?" She pointed a finger at him. "Exactly. I was drowning in like... explosive awfulness. Anyway..." She waved her hand, "I read once that suffering produces great art. I kept telling myself that. But I don't think it's true. I feel like my art is way better when I'm happy. Happiness inspires me." Watching her talk, Edward felt a sort of relief, like a glow that lit up his insides. What was this feeling? It wasn't memory. He didn't remember this . … Bella stuck the bag of Chinese food in the fridge and they thundered down the stairs, climbed into Edward's hatchback, and drove around the corner to the Co-Op. He carried the shopping basket as Bella piled things into it. Brown eggs, Strauss cream, butter. He stood by, pretending to read the back of a bottle of sandwich spread as Bella asked the guy in the bakery if they had any stale bread. "You know, anything ready for chucking?" "Feeding ducks?" "Making French toast," she said with a smile. "Here. Try this." He reached over to hand her a baguette, pulling his arm back at the last second. "You Esme's girl?" Bella's smile stretched wider. Edward's peeked out one corner. "Let me slice that for you. Thick slices." "Thank you." As he did, Bella turned to Edward. "We need to get maple syrup, too. I have some, but it's that fake crap. If you want the full-on experience, we need real stuff. Like fresh from the tree - know what I'm saying?" Back at Bella's house, she pulled a cast iron skillet from the same cabinet Edward remembered Esme storing it in, and started whipping eggs frothy in a big bowl. In no time the bread was sizzling in the pan, butter burbling around it, and Edward was confronted with another deep stab of nostalgia. Bella dredged the last slice in the remaining egg mixture and then put the bowl on the floor for Mr. Carlisle. He sniffed, recoiled, then made a second pass, licking delicately around its edge. "Isn't there wine in that?" She turned to him and relief surged again inside him, just to be back here with her. With her Bella-isms and her smile. "Are you calling Mr. C. a lush?" ... Edward trudges toward campus, the sun too bright even behind his sunglasses. He hands over his paper-wrapped bagel to the first homeless guy he passes. This morning did not go how he'd hoped at all. He wanted to make sure Bella knew that drunk or not, he did not regret what happened. He didn't want her to feel used or upset, or anything a girl might feel the morning after. But before he could say anything, before he could reassure her, she'd already begun backing away. She didn't need reassurance. And it isn't until just now, as he's opening the front door to his box of an apartment, that he realizes he'd been hoping reassurance was something she needed. Eyes aimed at the concrete steps, Edward shakes his head at himself. Having Bella as a childhood friend doesn't grant him any claim to her. She's not the same Bella. He doesn't know this Bella. Not really. Not anymore.