time being afraid. It's hard but…I want to believe things are always going to be okay." And as the song changes, the beat changing and lifting the sound higher and higher, the drum beat, beat, beating in time with his heart, he can't help but wonder that maybe she's right. "You need to shave," she yells, her fingers running softly over the stubble that's well on its way to becoming a beard. "I don't have any razors," he admits and her eyes dart to his wrist before coming back to his face. "Good. I'm…I'm glad." "Me too." "I love this song," she tells him, her breath in his ear. "It makes me feel light—like I can do anything." "Oh yeah?" "Doesn't it make you feel like that? Like the guitars and his voice? Don't you feel alive ?" Tears burn in his eyes as he turns to watch her smile and sing along to the chorus because he was so close to missing this . This moment almost never happened, he almost threw it away. If he had tried to leave a few minutes earlier or if she had gone to the other side of the stage then he'd be half way to bleeding out in his bright, white bathroom. The universe presented him with this perfectly timed song, girl, and breath. He feels alive. He feels like things can get better; that against all odds, the girl can still come back. "Get out of your head, Edward," she tells him, deciding he's been thinking too much instead of focusing on the show going on in front of them. "Stop dwelling, let it go, move forward, be ." Her hand grips his fingers, lifting his hand in the air and spinning herself as if they're dancing. " It takes a bit more, yeah it takes a bit more than you," she's screaming and he's laughing, Edward Cullen is laughing. The song is ending, the show is ending. He has to go outside now and he isn't sure if Bella is going to follow. Everyone is cheering, screams and whistles and I love you s are being thrown around left and right while Bella Swan is red-faced and grinning at him, her fingers still wrapped around his. The moment is almost gone—he wants to stop thinking, he wants to do as she's said. He wants to just be . So as she makes her way closer to him, her eyes so sunny that it hurts to look at her, he tugs on her arm until their chests are flush together and her breathing hitches. He tells her, "You're the brightest star in the universe. You're a galaxy, you're the world, you're…you're the best person I've ever met." He wants to add that she gave him reasons to get out of bed in the morning, that she gave him reasons to keep living and almost gave him reasons to give up. Instead, he uses a tentative hand to cup her cheek and his body hums with anticipation when her eyes flutter closed. When he kisses her, he feels his world end and begin again, he feels stars exploding and heat building as her tongue swipes over his lip and her hand tangles itself in his hair. He can't get close enough—his arms wrap around her as tightly as he can and her feet leave the ground and he doesn't want to break apart to catch his breath—he hopes this kiss kills him because nothing else in his life could ever top this moment. But when Bella pulls away, they're both alive and gasping for air, chests heaving against each other. She smirks. "Way to be ." His lips find hers again, just to show her that he can. . . . "You're listening to the Sunday Brunch on 104.3. This is Edward here to tell you to keep it here for a special recorded, live performance from Local Natives , coming to you in under five minutes." Edward puts a sponsored message on while he goes to open the window. It's a beautiful day for late August—not too hot or humid, just a few clouds in the sky. He takes a deep breath and lets it out with a contented sigh. In April, he'd finally given in to Alice constantly nagging him about being a jock—starting off with their weekly Sunday Brunch spot, a time dedicated to a different theme as the days change. This particular day is focusing on live performances made in their studio and he's hoping that it's going well. He still isn't sure of himself—he still doesn't know what he's doing, but he is doing it. The door opens and the newest head of promotions sticks her head in before stepping into the room completely, her chestnut hair swinging over her shoulder while her navy dress follows suit, dancing around her bare knees. "They're loving this block, Edward," Bella says, holding out her phone as if he can see it from ten feet away. "You're getting like six request for something from Rozwell Kid from when they were here in December." "I'll put it on the queue. Are you heading out?" Bella nods and he wishes she were closer so he could press his lips to her goofy smile. "Don't forget—Alice and Jasper are coming over for dinner tonight. I invited Emmett, but he said he has to check with his sitter." "I know," he laughs because she's reminded him about this almost every hour for two days. She makes her way over to him with delicate steps, staying just long enough to plant a chaste kiss on his cheek, before she's back at the door. She throws over her shoulder, "I'll see you at home?" He smiles. "See you at home." . . . wow, thank you SO much for reading. i'd love to hear your thoughts. ps. all of the music mentioned in this is AWESOME. i'm not biased bc it's a certified fact. xoxo, meg