moving on its own, Edward. What are you thinking right now?" I return to his lap and his eyes follow his hands as they travel over my breasts and down to my hips. Sliding his fingers between my legs, he checks to see the effect he's had on me, circling my clit while his eyes close briefly. "I'm thinking that I've hit the fucking jackpot. You are so perfect." Um... dick points... who cares anymore. He reads me beautifully, using his tongue on my nipples while working my clit. It's so good, I'm disappointed when I cum, but I'm ready for the main event, and I kiss him with everything I have. He rolls us over and moans, grinding against me. Now I know there is nothing monstrous about his monster, I want him inside me, but I could take what he's currently doing for the rest of the afternoon. Suddenly he slows down and then stops. "I want to fuck you. Do you trust me not to hurt you?" "Yes," I pant, half out of my head. I don't even care if it does hurt at this point. "Okay," he says, kissing me once more before getting up. From a drawer in his closet, he takes out a condom and rips it open. "I want to do it," I call out and sit up, surprised at my boldness. "You do?" "Yeah." I hold my hand out. "Lie down and let me try." He lays down and gets himself comfortable. "It's probably wise for you to be on top, at least to begin with." I grab hold of his dick, smiling at how big it is in my hand. "Maybe I should inspect what I'm getting." "Please… be my guest." "Are you cut?" "No. It just pulls right back when I'm stiff." "Interesting," I respond, having to fight to pull it up to a right angle. "It has a mind of its own, doesn't it?" "You are so entertaining, Miss Swan." "Am I?" I lean down and kiss it. I take the head into my mouth and watch his reaction. It's true what that woman wrote. It is sexy going down on a big dick. Maybe it's because of the way the hunky man attached to this particular big dick is watching me do it. I'm not going to kid myself that I could get much of this monster into my mouth, but I can give him plenty of pleasure with my hand and my tongue. "You like?" He groans. "Put the condom on now, Bella, or I'm going to have to fuck you without it." After a last lick, I do as I'm told, smirking at how far I have to roll it down, and even then, it doesn't go all the way. "Does it ever come off?" "No. I've found my brand and I stick to it. Are you going to get on? I've been as hard as a rock for a while now." I'm giggling at the moment I imagined I'd be terrified. It is, after all, just a big dick. He holds it up for me as I lower myself down, but it only goes in a little way before there's a hindrance. "Slowly," he recommends while I begin to doubt I can accommodate him. "Keep doing that until you stretch." It takes effort and restraint to get him even halfway in and then something gives or we change angle slightly or he pushes up at the same time I push down. Edward groans when I start to move freely. "Christ, that feels good. Are you okay?" he asks and I respond with a hum. It feels incredible, filled up like this. I lean my hands on his chest, feeling quite proud of myself as I get into a rhythm without any pain at all. It's certainly snug, but still very slippery. "So gorgeous," he says, sitting up, kissing my neck while squeezing both breasts, and with every downward stroke, I feel something undeniably building inside—the complete opposite of pain. "Oh, God!" I call out when I can no longer ignore it. "What's happening?" These sensations cancel out every point he ever earned because his dick makes him a perfect ten. "I believe it's called an orgasm. Don't stop!" I couldn't stop if my life depended on it. I have to go faster and faster. "Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, Goddddddddddddd!" I'm smiling at a selfie of Rose and Emmett, sipping cocktails at their honeymoon resort, when another text arrives. She says she loves the pics I sent of our new apartment. "Miss Swan. Can you come in here, please?" I roll my eyes at Tanya, who works at the desk across from mine, and mumble loudly enough for her to hear. "It's Friday afternoon. Does he never let up?" We've finally come to the end of our first week in Chicago and it's taken this long to step into our characters fully after a month filled with romance and sex. After we met with the owners, we decided to go with the same dynamic we had at Cullen's and, so far, it seems to be working. This is fun when you know it's all staged, coming home and telling each other what happened during the day. Edward loves the fact that the staff here already can't stand him. "You poor thing, Bella. I don't know how you can work for him." "Hopefully, the owners will realize and get rid of him." "Can I help you with anything?" "Could you, Tanya?" "Miss Swan!" "I'm coming, Mr. Masen!" "Christ, he's relentless," she states. "I might need your help next week," I say, grabbing my phone. Tanya really knows her way around this computer system. "Sure thing. Anything I can do. That man is such a dick." Narrowing my eyes, I take a deep breath, outwardly preparing myself for battle. "Yeah. The biggest dick ever." And I'm in love with that dick... and the man attached to it.