have an issue with shyness but that was back in New York where you were just as likely to never see someone again after meeting them- here everyone's grandparents had gone to school together. They were mostly very welcoming but some were standoffish. I didn't take it too personally. Angela met me outside Spanish class to walk with me to lunch. We got our trays and then she led me to a full lunch table in the crowded cafeteria, cheerfully introducing her to my friends. I'd just taken my seat next to a blonde boy named Mike when I saw Bella walking past. I waved at her but she didn't seem to see me, instead rushing quickly to a table occupied by a bronze haired boy. "Don't bother," said a girl I was pretty sure was named Jessica. "She doesn't bother with us anymore when she can hang out with the Cullen's." Mike sighed and rolled his eyes at her which caused Jessica to glare back. "It's true! As soon as Edward paid her the time of day she up and left us!" "Like you wouldn't do the same," he snarked, taking a bite of his pizza. The table dissolved into a ridiculous argument that I lost track of, instead trying to focus on not stressing out. The noise was overwhelming and I felt myself getting a little uncomfortable in the unfamiliar intense environment. I'm safe, I'm calm, I'm okay, I thought, repeating the familiar mantra my therapist had taught me. I focused on my breathing, inhaling three counts, holding it, then exhaling three. Slowly I relaxed by degrees and took my banana in hand. I peeled it slowly, taking the time to carefully pick it apart into bite-sized pieces. Mike laughed loudly and fell against my shoulder, jarring me out of my calm state. He apologized quickly before going to back to rough housing with Eric. I could feel an anxiety attack beginning, my chest feeling tighter with each breath. Something tickled against me and suddenly I was flooded with a burst of calm that chased away all the negative feelings. I was so calm I couldn't be startled at the realization. As I looked up and around the cafeteria, my gaze was drawn to a table in the corner occupied by four of the palest people I'd ever seen. One of which who was already staring at me. My eyes locked with an intense molten gold. Feelings of calm flooded through me, as if I was being wrapped in a warm blanket of good vibes. The stranger was ridiculously handsome with his long blond hair and the most incredible eyes. He looked tall and lean but well muscled. He was dressed in a long sleeved navy button down shirt with the top two buttons undone to reveal his white undershirt. The way the table was angled I could see he was wearing black jeans and boots. But something was just off. He was too pale, far too pale to be natural. His eyes had heavy purple bags that made him look sleep deprived. I felt a rush of sympathy- I was very familiar with the evils of insomnia, but something told me that wasn't quite it. He was beautiful, but I could feel my gut telling me to stay far away. Jessica waved her hand in front of my face and I pulled my attention from his eyes to her angry ones. "I'm sorry, I got distracted. What did you say?" "I was going to invite you to come to First Beach with us but you're obviously more interested in the Cullen clan." she huffed. I felt bad for getting so absorbed in a stranger across the room and ignoring the people in front of me. ADHD strikes again! "I'm sorry Jessica, I space out sometimes. They just look a little… different," I said delicately. Mike hooted with laughter next to me. "Different? That's not what I expected you to say." Angela patted me on the shoulder kindly as I struggled to find the words to reply. I didn't know what to say about the people across the room. I did manage to not look back over at them and was able to sort of focus on the conversation around me. Jessica softened a bit when I made the effort to engage. She seemed nice, if a bit of a snob. It wasn't enough to bother me. I'd met people who were much worse. When lunch ended I stood up to toss my still mostly full tray in the trash- anxiety attacks always killed my appetite. I snuck a look up at the boy from earlier which was a mistake. He met my gaze with an even stare of his own, and I blushed a bit as his eyes slowly dragged up from my boots to my own gaze. There was something about those eyes of his that triggered a memory from when I was a kid. I'd gone through a phase where I'd been obsessed with big cats. My mom took me to the zoo so that I could go see them, all the while laughing while I dragged her determinedly through the crowds. Little eight year old me had stood close to the glass watching the lazy beasts lounge around in their majestic glory. One had locked eyes with me and had stalked closer, a big male who sat in front of the glass where I'd pressed my hands. He'd very slowly lifted a paw and pressed it where my left hand was, all the while staring me in the eye with a vivid gaze. Tyger tyger, burning bright, I thought as I finally broke eye contact with him. Scurrying back to my table where I'd left my bag, I went to exit the cafeteria but for whatever reason, I looked back at him. He raised an eyebrow, his lips twitching in an almost smile. I ran out with my face burning to my next class.