two vampires while slipping to stand protectively next to Edward and in front of Bella. "After all, we wouldn't want to make a scene." "There won't be any scene," the second vampire confirmed as his red eyes narrowed. "The three of you will come with us." Ignoring the vampires before him, Edward once again turned his back on them as he smiled down at Bella. "Why don't you go and enjoy the festival. Alice will meet you there shortly." "When we say three we don't mean two vampires and a duck," the first vampire interrupted Edward, his eyes narrowing as well at the lack of respect the auburn haired boy was showing. "She has nothing to do with this," Edward retorted, glaring in turn. "You came to Volterra to kill yourself because of her. After being denied, you still persisted," the second vampire reminded Edward, causing Bella to gasp. Grinning at the sound, the vampire quickly appeared behind Bella. "Did you not know? It is because of you that we were threatened and why Edward must die," the vampire sneered. Growling in outrage, Edward yanked Bella to stand behind him once again. "You will not talk to her like that!" Edward warned. "I will-" "Enough." The rest of the vampire's remark was cut short as a very tiny, young female emerged from the shadows as well. Peering out from beneath the hood of her dark overcoat, the young woman scanned the group in front of her, red eyes flickering over each individual. Curiously, Bella watched as both the male vampires backed off immediately. What alarmed her, however, was when both Edward and Alice stepped back as well. Swallowing nervously, Bella didn't like the fact that they were afraid of this small girl. "Jane," Edward acknowledged. About to ask who she was, Alice shook her head at Bella. "Just do as she says." Watching as Jane tossed Edward an overcoat, Bella felt her stomach sink as Edward simply did as prompted without argument. "Come," Jane ordered before turning and heading up the alley. Edward hesitated as if weighing his options. It wasn't until Alice walked past with Bella's hand in hers that he finally followed suit. Ignoring the smirking vampires behind him, Edward swiped Bella's hand from Alice and led her through the narrow alleys that Jane selected. Keeping quiet, Bella simply followed along until balking at the sight of the open hole in the street. Although she had just watched Jane and Alice disappear inside, Bella couldn't help but hesitate at being unable to see through the black void beneath her. "It's alright, love," Edward reassured as he caught Bella's hands in his. "Alice is down there and will catch you." Sliding his hands down her wrist, he moves to pick her up before feeling Bella break free. Lunging at Edward, Bella locks her arms about his waist in a momentary death grip before letting go. She was unable to help it. She had barely managed to find Edward and now she wasn't sure what was going to happen. She at least wanted one last hug, unlike last time Edward disappeared from her life. Stop it, Bella, she mentally chided herself. She wasn't going to lose Edward. "Okay," she murmured. In a matter of seconds, Bella felt the ground disappear beneath her and before she could scream at the sudden darkness that enveloped her like in her dreams, Bella was resting in Alice's arms. Stifling her sigh, Bella couldn't help but slump against Alice as the pair moved away from the hole to stand next to Jane. By the time Bella was back on her feet, Edward was by her side, pulling her close. "There's something you should know," Alice murmured to Bella, ignoring Edward's glare. "What?" Bella asked, unable to hide the quiver in her voice. "The picture you saw in Carlisle's office – that's not the Volturi," Alice begin to explain. "Alice," Edward interrupted, cutting off anything else his sister was about to share. Curious as to why Edward stopped her, Bella simply stayed quiet. Perhaps Edward didn't want Alice saying something that would get them into more trouble. Instead of commenting or asking for clarification, Bella stayed within Edward's grasp as they continued to walk. As the dark corridor stretched on, Bella couldn't help but wonder where they were exactly heading. It was a few moments more when the path opened up to reveal an elevator. Stepping inside, Bella shrunk into Edward's side as the door closed. On the ride down, Bella was surprised when she noticed how modernized the elevator was, especially considering the entrance to it. What surprised her more was when the doors opened to reveal an elegantly decorated space. Unlike the tunnels above, Bella was surprised to be greeted by such an old world charm. What startled her, however, was the greeting they received as well. "Buon pomeriggio," the receptionist politely greeted. Although the woman was attractive, Bella was forced to look twice to confirm that the lady was actually a human. "Come, they're expecting us," Jane ordered, breaking Bella's shock. Perhaps if other humans are comfortable working here, then it won't be completely horrible , Bella hoped. A bit more optimistic of their outcome, Bella leaned into Edward as they left the reception area and headed down a long corridor. "Does she know?" Bella whispered, although the others could hear her. "Yes," Edward stated simply, assuming that Bella was referring to if the human knew that she was amongst vampires. Before Bella could comment further, Jane stopped in front of a pair of carved doors. With an ease unfitting for a woman so small, Jane opened the door before leading the way inside. Swallowing nervously, Bella latched onto Edward's hand even tighter as she stepped into the circular white marble hall, finally coming face to face with the three ancients. What caused Bella to gasp, however, was the fact that instead of three men residing on the thrones there were three women.