away from the window, Bella glanced at the mirror she had placed in the hall above the stairs. Straightening her faded t-shirt, Bella quickly checked her appearance to make sure all was in order and was descending the stairs even as her father opened the front door. "Bella! Billy and Ja- Oh." Charlie cleared his throat when he realized Bella was standing right in front of him at the bottom of the stairs. "Bella, you remember Billy Black," Charlie introduced as he quickly backtracked so Bella could come outside. "Glad you're finally here," Billy greeted as Bella descended the steps. "Hey there, you're looking good," Bella returned, stopping in the driveway next to the three men. "Well, I'm still dancing," Billy grinned. "Really though, it's good you're here. Charlie hasn't shut up about it since you told him you were coming." Arching an eyebrow at her father, Bella watched as her father puffed up a bit in embarrassment. "Keep exaggerating and I'll wheel you down that hill," Charlie threatened playfully, eager to change the topic. "Ha! Right after I ram you in the ankles, that is," Billy retorted. "Oh yeah? Bring it!" Giggling, Bella watched as Billy took several rolls at her father, who simply dodged out of harm's way time and time again. Shaking his head, Jacob approached Bella as the two old men played in the road. "Hi. I'm Jacob," the boy introduced, rather shyly for his size. "We made mud pies together when we were little kids," Jacob continued when Bella looked on without recognition. "Yeah… I think I remember," Bella offered before turning her attention back to her father. "Are they always like this?" "It's getting worse with old age," Jacob laughed. Realizing they had an audience, Charlie moved out of the street and saddled up to the truck. "So, what do you think?" Charlie inquired, patting the rustic hood like a proud father. "About?" Bella inquired when she realized Charlie had addressed the question at her. "Your homecoming present," Charlie beamed. "Oh. The truck is for me?" Bella wasn't vehicle savvy on any means. Granted, she knew it was a Chevy based off the logo and figured it was from the 50s or 60s based off the design of the model, but that was it. The one thing that she was certain of, however, was that she was going to go deaf with how loud it sounded earlier when driving up. "Yep! Just bought it off Billy, here," Charlie beamed. "Oh, that was very nice of you." Unfortunately, Bella didn't have the heart to say anything negative to her father, especially with how proud he looked just now. "It's a 1963 Chevy StepSide c-10," Jacob offered. "Don't worry though. I rebuilt the engine so it's better than new, and I know that it is a bit rough from the aesthetic perspective-" "It's perfect," Bella smiled, resting a hand on Jacob's arm to silence the boy. Yes, she would probably hate the contraption, especially with how slow the older truck would probably be, but it was the thought that counted, and for that she was grateful. "Wanna check it out?" Jacob inquired. Although she would rather not, Bella agreed. The boy was too eager for his own good, and besides, she needed to learn at some point if she did not want the beastly device rusting in the driveway. Climbing into the driver's seat, Bella watched as Jacob eagerly rushed to take over the passenger side. "Okay, so, you gotta double pump the clutch when you shift, but besides that you should be good," Jacob explained while handing the key over. "Is that this one?" Bella questioned with her left foot. "Yeah. Yeah, right there." As the truck roared to life after the third try, Billy nudged Charlie in the hip with his elbow. "Told you she'd love it," Billy bragged. "I'm down with the kids." "Oh yeah, you're the bomb," Charlie chuckled, rolling his eyes as he watched Bella back the truck out of the driveway to take it for a test run. On the way back from circling the block, Bella shifted in her seat. She had been contemplating asking Jake, as the boy informed her to call him by, a question since they drove off. She needed to make friends if she wanted to have a normal teenage life. So, why not start with someone who was genuinely being nice to her? After a few more minutes of debating, Bella finally bit the bullet. "So, hey," Bella began, getting Jake's attention. "Do you wanna ride to school or something?" Perking up at the offer, Jake quickly slouched in his seat. "Oh, I go to school on the reservation." "Oh, right, right," Bella murmured. "That's too bad." She really did want to know at least one person beside her father. "But, we can hang out afterwards," Jake offered. "I'd like that." A/N: So, I was wanting a story to read earlier and nothing caught my interest. Instead, I had an idea bubbling in the back of my head of altering the original Twilight. I'll keep it on par to the story line, but I thought to turn Bella into a feline of sorts. I'm not certain I want her to have super powers, per say, such as that of the Quileute wolves or even werewolves. Perhaps just a cat girl. Who knows. I'll explore that avenue as the story develops. I'm just tired of the all out "badass" Bella coming onto stage from the beginning, walking over everything as if she's an untouchable goddess, and the story's a closed case from the first paragraph. As far as her "mate" goes, I was thinking of a Bella/Victoria pairing (since I have a Denali, Volturi, and Alice already in the works). However, because of how I have it plotted out, Victoria will not come into light until the very end of the story - just as a heads up. Opinions, suggestions, comments (regarding gift or mate)?