me, his face murderous. "What did you do to her?!" His hands grow tighter and I gasp for air. My nails dig into his hands as I scratch and claw, desperately trying to break free. He places a knee on my chest and shakes me, squeezing tighter. I choke, my eyes rolling back into my head. But seconds later his weight disappears, and I gasp for air greedily. My eyes see Edward, holding a flailing Jasper against the wall. He yells in Jasper's face, who screams back at him incoherently. I don't stick around to hear the conversation. I flee down the staircase towards the double doors at the front of the dark house. Hands wrapped around the door handles I pull, only to find it locked. I race back, through another set of doors that lead me to the kitchen. Behind me, I still hear screaming followed by grunts and sharp Thwacks! I stumble my way through the pitch black kitchen, my hands feeling along dusty counter tops until I find another door handle. I close my eyes and pray. A blast of cold air hits me as I pull the door open. My feet carry me forward, stumbling and tripping, but I come to an abrupt edge as I see the crashing waves below me. "Where are you gonna go?" I freeze, hearing his voice yelling above the sounds of the water below us. "BELLA!" He roars and I flinch, turning to face him. Standing just outside of the kitchen door, he stares at me with disbelief. His white tee shirt is now soaked with blood. His lip is cut and bleeding and his eyes are wild. "Have you gone fucking insane?" He yells at me. "Have you ?!" I scream, stepping backwards. "You've killed people, Edward! You murdered half our classmates in cold blood!" "For you ! Everything I've done has been for you and our future!" He exclaims, throwing his arms in the air. "Why can't you see that?" "Because it's not real! None of it is! It's crazy! You can't be immortal! The whole pointing of living is just that. To live!" "We could have lived forever," He shakes his head. "No one lives forever. No one." He steps toward me but I step back. "Don't! Just, stay back." He holds a bloody hand out to me, his eyes dark and imploring. "Bella, come away from the edge." I shake my head. "We can get out of here. Forget this ever happened." He nods at me, like I'm a child and will automatically agree. "I love you. So fucking much, Bella." "Not like this," I shake my head. Tears fall from my eyes as he comes closer, my feet teetering on the edge of the cliff. I've always loved him. Deep down, it was always there between us. And it's not fair that it came out so late. It's not fair that we never got our time to be free, and happy, and in love. He grasps one of my hands, linking his fingers with mine. We could have made it work. We'd have gone to college, calling each other every night and traveling long plane hours to see each other. Eventually we'd have moved in together. He'd have got a shitty job, whilst I finished my degree to help pay the bills. We'd have settled down, got married, had kids. "It'll all work out," He strokes my cheek and pulls me to his chest as I cry. We'd have been happy, I think. We would have pulled through it, and I hate that I only realize this now. Weeks ago, I was battling against this, and now I'm struggling to let go. But I have to. Because we can never have that kind of future now. Because our love is tainted. Tainted with lies and death and so much blood. He's become a monster. We all have. And it has to end. "I need you," He whispers to me. "I love you," I sob into his neck, winding my arms tight around his neck. "God, I love you. Forever, baby." He strokes his hand up my back. "Forever," I whisper. Then I pull him to me with every bit of strength I can muster, and throw myself backwards, tossing us both off the cliff. The last thing I feel before we hit the rocks below, is Edward lips on mine. "You're watching ABC news, with Diane Sawyer." " And now to the tragic news broadcasting live to your homes. In the small town names Forks, just outside of Seattle, a brutal slaying has took place leaving twenty-one high school students dead. Early on a June Saturday morning, town members were made aware of the massacre that took place, leaving behind many grieving parents. Let's go live to David Muir, who's currently outside one of the many crime scene's. David?" " Thank you, Diane. I'm stood outside of an abandoned house, where the final four students met their grizzly demise. Twenty-one student's dead, and no clue as to why this happened, the people of this town are clearly devastated by the events of that night." " David, are there any leads on who could have committed such a violent act?" " Nothing as of yet, though sources speculate that this is the work of Forks High School's two thousand thirteen Valedictorian, Isabella Swan who is also daughter of the town's police chief. Fingerprint's have been found on the murder weapon used to kill Alice Brandon, and fragments of DNA found under Ms Swan's fingernails appear to be that of victim, Jasper Whitlock. But no official statement has been released yet. All we can hope now, is that the bloodshed in this small town is finally over, and the member's of this community can grieve in piece. This is David Muir reporting, now let's head back to the studio with Diane." " Absolutely. Thank you, David. Such a tragedy. Now, in other news..." Thanks for reading!