he reached out a hand, its finger calloused but gentle, and cupped my chin turning my face toward him. I didn't know what was happening, his gaze was hypnotic and I didn't want to be released. He leant forward and his lips touched mine and it was as if some switch I hadn't realised I had flipped into the on position and suddenly I was the aggressor. I leant into the kiss and opened my mouth to allow his tongue further access, I ran my fingers along his arms, feeling the muscles under his light jumper, and traced them over his stubble covered jaw and into his lustrous hair. I tugged his head closer to mine and wasn't the least bit concerned when he pushed my body down onto the lounge and covered it with his own. I could feel the hard length of his penis as it pushed against my thigh and it didn't shock me all it did was make me want it pressed against my most intimate of areas. I opened my legs and allowed him to settle there. Some part of me registered that this was happening extremely fast and that I shouldn't be doing it, especially with a boy I didn't know but another part was cheering at being released. I gasped in some delicious breaths as Edward's mouth trailed along my jaw and his teeth nibbled at my ear. A shudder ran through me and I moaned, like full on porn star moaned, I hadn't even realised I could make that sound but Edward seemed to like it and as long as he didn't leave me I was good. The pressure that had been building in my stomach now settled in my groin and I wriggled trying to ease it; the fact that with my legs opened and Edward between them his penis was pressing my jeans against my slit and the pressure was too much. He shifted again and a spasm of heat shafted through my body and my panties became soaked by a flood of moisture. The heat caused my back to arch and I couldn't help the low moan and delicious shudder that escaped my body. I felt rather than heard Edward's laughter but his lips were at my ear "Ah Peaches if you come that fast with all of our clothes on than imagine how quickly you'll come when I'm buried deep inside you." His words shocked me but they also turned me on and it had me biting my lip in anticipation. "Jesus Peaches are you trying to kill me? Don't bite your lip, it does wicked things to me and makes me want to do wicked things to you." His mouth returned to mine, kissing me with every pent up emotion he had inside his body and I responded. My hands never left his body they roamed from his hair, down his muscular back and over his sculptured ass, and I cupped his ass which happily brought him closer to me. I found myself practically sobbing his name as he ran one hand down over my breast, over my stomach and flicked the buttons of my jeans open. The soft pink cotton of my panties became visible as he flicked the buttons open and his moan of longing made me squirm. He lightly ran a finger over the elastic at the top of my panties before dipping under the fabric and coming to rest on my sex. But instead of continuing he stopped and looked into my eyes, I frowned and lightly bucked my hips encouraging him. He took my hint and slipped his middle finger through my sopping wet folds and into me. I had never had anyone else's fingers touching me in such an intimate way, of course I'd masturbated but touching my self had never felt like this. I wanted to tell him what excited me but I was unsure of how to go about it. I knew all the technical terms for what I wanted and where I wanted to be touched but I had never gotten the hang of trash talking or slang which had Alice and Rose in stitches. Lucky for me Edward really didn't need any tutorial about what to do because the next thing I know his longer fingers are rubbing and flicking and torturing my clitoris and for the second time in less than ten minutes I was coming again. I heard Edward moan as his finger slipped inside my pulsating warmth and between kisses he said "I want nothing more than to shove my dick into you so hard. Let me Peaches." I moaned my consent as he lifted my shirt up over my head and his mouth dropped to the swell of my breasts over the tops of my bra. His fingers were unsnapping the clasp on my bra before I could take another breath but the second his lips attached themselves to my nipple I was tossed back into the maelstrom of emotion he was causing. I dropped my hands to the fly of his jeans and caressed his length through the soft denim before releasing him. I wrapped my hand around his penis, surprised when my fingers didn't meet, I really didn't know what to do. I'm a virgin, so sue me if I didn't know where to go from here. My hesitation drew his attention and he wrapped his hand around mine and moved it up and down, squeezing lightly as our hands reached the head of his penis. His breathing picked up and I could feel more moisture pooling between my thighs and I was convinced that it was going to seep through and ruin the lounge. I opened my mouth to mention this to Edward when a bellow of rage erupted within the room. Sorry for ending it there it's 2 in the morning and my three gorgeous girls don't know the meaning of sleep in. Hope you're enjoying it Cherie xxx