from childhood." "Do you think she's one of you?" Bella announced so quietly that I had to strain to hear. "Na," footsteps creaked on the floor, "she doesn't hold any signs. Seth would have been picked up on that when hanging out with her." I pulled my head back feeling woozy. I thought while feeling a panic attack in the making, never did I ever miss my home with my mom. These people were nuts. Maybe I could escape out the window? Turning toward the window, a hand was placed over my mouth from the scream that threaten to escape. The room was now in chaotic mess with clothes, dressers open, and the bed flipped over. And there a tall, muscular boy stood before me with bright red eyes. His cold hands clasped onto my lips and he stared at me hard. Funny how in that moment I didn't stare back because I neither was frightened nor struck by his impeccable beauty, but I felt like I knew him. He directed his finger over his lips and death was in his cold eyes. His finger nail seemed to be sharper than a knife when cutting into my cheek so it could slowly bleed out. Before I knew it I whispered, "Reilly?" His eyes blinked in confusion and in a matter of second, he vanished. "Nina!" The door busted open behind me, but my body seemed to not be able to move. The other presence in the room stepped in front of me. He was about 6 feet tall, very muscular and showed the features the Quileute Tribe of dark russet skin. His brown eyes glanced at my cut and his warm hands touched mine. Instantly I snapped out of my trance of seeing a ghost of my past. "Are you alright?" I nodded my head a bit as I heard the front door open up with more commotion. Two more Quileute members entered the room. "Where's Bella Sam?" Jake immediately asked. The man didn't answer instead the beautiful girl did, "Her bloodsucker of a boyfriend took Bella to his side of the border." Jake kept focus on the girl that hadn't seemed beyond tense. He informed, "Leah, one of it was right here." As if I wasn't in the room, Sam said, "I know. We picked up on the unfamiliar scent, but something happened that through off our formation to capture it. We couldn't communicate once in the area." "Well it's gone, so things should be better," Jake said as he checked my cut. Sam became stern, "That's the thing Jacob. We still can't." Sam turned his gaze on me intently and instantly ripped my sleeves and searched my arms. I tried to struggle from his hold, but it was no use. When spotting the jagged scar on my shoulder he yelled, "What is this? Where did you get this?" Tears were now streaming down my face as I stammered, "I, I, don't know." He squeezed my arm and Jake stepped forward a bit, "Sam. Stop it. You're hurting her." Sam's angered face was only inch from me and he said vicious, "Back down. I'll ask once more. Where did you get this?" I yelled in terror, "I don't know. My, my mmoom said I got bbbite by a, a, dog." The mean man's hand let go of my arm and I cradled it close to me as I shook vivid. Already a bruise had formed onto my arm. Sam seemed in raged, "Maya thinks she can sneak her into our land. Do you remember our fathers telling us of their kind and what Blain did to our people?" Jake eyes lit up as he seemed to follow Sam's train of thought. "Yes. But she's not Blain. And just because she has a scar doesn't mean she's one of them. Take a look out there, it's a full moon-" Sam slapped Jake across the face at his lashing out. But it didn't faze Jacob. In reaction he grasped hold onto Sam and I back up to the door frightened. "I know what she is. A child of the moon. We need to kill her." Leah looked over hesitant and responded, "Sam. Our job is to protect humans and right now she just a human." "Shut up Leah," Sam spat out. Getting punched in the face, Jacob was able to re-grasp onto Sam again. Jacob added, "Look at her. She's innocent. Her mother probably kept her in the dark from the truth." Sam was becoming more aggressive, "And what do you think she'll be when she changes?" "How come she hasn't changed?" Jacob retaliated with s snarl. Leah stood back a bit and scowled, "Come on. Not here you idiots." "Nina!" My head bent back to see the sudden bone crushing hug from Seth. For a second I was relieved even though I know he was a part of this gang. "What happened? Did he hurt you? Shit your cut." He turned toward the other boys and the girl and asked, "Why isn't she responding?" Leah glanced over to Sam, who had thrown off Jacob's grasp in annoyance. Leah tried to sound gently, but there was a sharp tone she couldn't hide. "She's probably in shock. Take her down stairs to lie down on the couch." Another Quileute boy joined the party and I thought, where were they all coming from? I was surrounded. He chuckled, "She looks like she about to puke or pass out? What do you think Embry?" I'd bet fainting , I thought as my vision started to become tunneled. The last thing I noticed was the mysterious Quileute boy leaning against the door. He had captured my attention with his gentle brown green hazel eyes that shined with small specks of gold. Something about them calmed my nerves. Made me super curious. But above all, his eyes made me feel safe. "Woah, Embry just imprinted on her," Seth called out. And like that I was out.