whisper against his lips. "Fuck me with both of your big beautiful cocks." "Fuck." He gives my lower lips a gentle bite. "If I wasn't in love with you already, that would definitely do it." I smile, getting back into position as Edward does the same, pulling out almost all the way and guiding his other cock. "If it's too much at the same time . . ." "I'll tell you. I promise." With a firm grip on my hips, he eases his way forward. The intrusion is indescribable, my mouth falls open and I scream without sound, my eyes tightly shut. He's absolutely everywhere, stretching and filling me, claiming me completely. There's some pain there; I won't lie. Edward is big times two, so I knew it would be unavoidable. But what I hadn't expected is how much I'd enjoy that pain, how it would also heighten the pleasure I feel from his cocks as he slowly starts to thrust, his fingers strumming my clit, my nipples rubbing against the sheet. I am all sensation, grunting and groaning as I climb higher and higher. There's a sound in my ears, and I realize it's me, chanting: "Yes, yes, yes," until my words become unintelligible and I scream out, coming and coming in giant, overpowering waves that take away both sight and sound, and finally leave me floating in a warm cocoon of pleasure. "Oh, Bella. You're coming. I can feel you. Fuck, you're so good, so good." I faintly register Edward's words as his thrusts become harder, his grip on me tighter before he stills, pouring himself into me on a quiet shout. Resting his forehead against my back, I feel him breathing heavily. "Oh . . . fuck. That was . . ." He kisses my damp skin, shuddering. "Let me take care of you." I wince slightly as he slips from me and hear him leave the bed. He's back almost immediately, washing between my legs before he pulls the pillow out from under me, and I slide down onto the bed slowly, feeling half-drunk. I'm beyond grateful for his strong embrace as he gathers me against him, tucking me into his side and resting my head on his chest. For a while neither of us speaks. He never stops touching me, stroking my hair and kissing my forehead. I start to feel more levelheaded and stir, wrapping my arm around his waist. "Are you okay?" he asks, turning onto his side to look at me. There's a worry line between his eyebrows that wasn't there before. "I'm okay," I rasp. "Uh, thirsty." He's off the bed in a flash and returns with a bottle of water for me. My arms shake as I push myself up into a sitting position, and I have trouble loosening the bottle cap. "Shit." I chuckle as he has to help me, even holding the bottle to my lips for me as I drink greedily. "I feel a little weird all over." Edward places the bottle next to the bed and sits up against the headboard before pulling me against his chest again. "It's the hormones," he explains. "They're what's making you feel a little loopy, I'm guessing." "Um, yeah, actually. I felt a little drunk before." "You were pretty out of it for a few minutes. I've heard of it happening, but I've never actually seen it. Are you sure you're okay?" I look up at him and nod, which makes him visibly relax. "Did you like it?" he whispers. I laugh softly. "You fucked me so well I was hormone-drunk, and you have to ask?" He grins, rubbing his nose against mine. "No soreness or pain?" "I'll be sore in the morning," I admit. "But it was amazing, Edward." "For me too," he says, slowly stroking my hair. "Just so you know, I don't expect that to happen every day. It's more special occasion sex in my mind." I smile, hugging him to me. "That sounds nice. Are you tired?" "Not really. You?" "Not really." " Star Trek and ice cream in bed?" I smile wider. He knows me so well. An hour later I've taken a quick shower, texted the girls, and am back in bed. Edward's long legs are stretched out on either side of mine and I'm leaning back against his chest, licking Ben & Jerry's off the spoon he's holding. "There's an image," he rumbles in my ear, his other hand moving up to cup my breast through the T-shirt of his I'm wearing. "Behave yourself," I mock-scold him, all the while loving it. "I can't help it. I've just realized my sweet girlfriend is a naughty sex goddess. I feel like I've won the lottery." "Well, since you put it like that. Would it make it better if I take off the shirt?" "Much better. But leave the glasses on." I look at him over my shoulder. "Every guy has a naughty librarian fantasy," he says, wagging his eyebrows. I laugh, lifting the shirt over my head and leaning back against him, his hand immediately finding my breast again. "Am I spending the night?" I ask. "I hope so. I want you to." "Then I'll stay. I just wasn't sure. Some guys don't really like sharing their space." "That's not me. I know a good thing when I see it, Bella. So you stay as long as you want. I'm all in." I tilt my head back and meet him in a slightly awkward, upside down kiss that makes us both laugh. We watch the TV quietly for a while after that, passing the spoon back and forth between us. Edward sighs happily, pressing his cold lips against my cheek. "Hey, Bella?" "Yeah?" His voice is a soft whisper, filled with adoration. "You're not just a good thing. You're the best thing. I think you're practically perfect in every way too." The End AN: Yes, it's a real condition. My imagination isn't that good.