his arms around me. "You feel so good," he whispers, diving right back in. We kiss as though we're trying to become one person. Our hands are everywhere, grabbing and stroking and pulling, and before long, all I can think about is how close we are, how amazing he feels. I relax my thighs and sink down a little more. Though it burns, I'm more prepared, and the thick slide gives way to a feeling of fullness, rather than pain. Edward's breathing grows choppy and his kisses become clumsy. I take a little bit more of him, and he moans, his hands gripping my hips so tightly I'll have bruises in the morning. But as I pull back to watch his face, see those handsome features washed in pleasure, it's completely worth every ounce of pain. I gaze right into those lost, black eyes, and sink down all the way. It feels like I sat down on a baseball bat, but I breathe through it. As the discomfort fades away, I'm left with the most delicious, aching fullness. Edward buries his face in my neck, mouth open against my skin. "Fuck," he hisses. "Take what you want, Edward," I whisper, giving his words back to him. But I'm not sure what they truly mean. Do I want him to just give in and fuck me, or bite me? Maybe both? Either way, I get what I want. There's a flash of movement, and I'm on my back, dizzy and staring up at him from a bed of soft down. He plants a hand next to my head and grips my hip with the other, then pulls back in a long, slow glide. He sets a rhythm that's maddening in its leisurely pace. And it hurts. But then, it doesn't. Pinned down by his unyielding strength, I catalog everything — every shift of muscle, every low moan, every breathless praise. "So perfect." "Take it. Take all of me." "You're everything." I pull at his shoulders, needing to feel him in my arms. He gives me most of his weight, sliding his arms beneath me and dropping his head to my shoulder. I wrap my legs around his waist, and the shift in position sends him even deeper — I feel him everywhere at once. I am fire and he is ice, and we're both disappearing in a volatile flash of steam. That slow, steady pace accelerates, becomes less steady as his control frays at the edges. He changes the angle, and the base of his cock slides right over my clit with every pass. The friction, the burn, the unbelievable depth of his strokes, it all overloads my senses. They all scream one word. Edward. Now, I'm the one moaning, panting encouragements and compliments. He clutches me tighter, thrusts harder, until I'm almost screaming his name. I try to meet his thrusts with my own, chasing an orgasm I never dreamed to catch. I rake my fingers through his hair and pull, needing to kiss him more than I want to breathe. I want to drink up his words, share his breath. His mouth comes down on mine with a groan as he slides a hand down to grip my thigh, pulling it higher on his side. "Bella… Fuck!" He growls, ripping his mouth away from mine. He shoves his face into the pillow next to my head and gives one last, punishing thrust. His big body freezes then slumps onto my chest. My entire body is screaming for more, but I push it away in favor of comforting my mate. He's made this experience better than I could've ever dreamed, and I want to repay him in kind. I gently comb my fingers through his hair, run soothing hands down his back. He finally lifts his head… and spits out a mouthful of feathers. He looks like it might as well have been a steaming pile of wolf shit. I'm an awesome wife, so I laugh at him. The laughter stops when he pulls out. Though he's gentle, there's no easy way to pull your giant dick out of your newly de-virginized wife that won't hurt at least a little. However, he comes back a few minutes later with a warm cloth and a feather free mouth. Edward cleans up the bed as best he can, but when we settle in among the sheets, a few stray feathers fly. I take my place against his chest, just as I always did back in Forks. He tucks me in under his chin and takes a deep breath. He seems more relaxed than I've ever seen him, but then he tenses up. I pick up my head to meet his eyes. "What?" "You didn't come," he says, looking disappointed. "I came twice," I remind him, but I know what he means. "In the beginning, you told me you weren't a superhero, do you remember?" He laughs a little, as if he doesn't get it but wants to humor me. "Yes… but?" "I'm pretty sure you'd have to be a superhero to give me an orgasm the first time. And that's not taking into account the size of your hymen hammer." Yep. I said it—and the look on his face is worth it. "Did you Google penis euphemisms?" He's having trouble controlling his laughter, which is precisely what I want. It's what I always want. To make him happy. I look away, but I can't stop my smirk. "I plead the Fifth." He grins mischievously. "I have ways of making you talk." "I'd love to see you try." Those eyes glint, and his smile goes wicked. "That's exactly what I wanted to hear." He pins my arms at my sides and kisses a line all the way down my torso. The last thing I see before I'm blinded by pleasure is his copper hair buried between my legs. After that, only five words enter my mind. He was worth the wait. THE END