needed penetration. Edward had been taking it slow with Bella, using only his tongue and fingers instead of Big Ed. He didn't want to hurt his girlfriend. When he thought of the pain he probably inflicted that first time they tried to make love, it made Big Ed droop and run into hiding. Edward set their bags down when they entered the hotel room. The French doors faced the beach, and when Bella opened them, the slight breeze wafting off the ocean blew Bella's hair softly. "This is gorgeous." "Not as gorgeous as you are, my sweet girl." Edward walked to Bella, who was gazing at the sunset in awe. He put his arms around her waist and hugged her to his chest. "Mmm." She leaned her head back into him, and they swayed to the soft sounds of the water licking at the beach then going back out to sea. They hadn't even settled into their room, but the need to take Bella in that setting was insurmountable. Edward scooped up his girlfriend in his arms and carried her to the bed. The flight was long, but so was he. He needed her and needed her now. "I can't wait, baby." He kissed her lips, and she hummed. "You're so fucking sexy. Make love to me?" Bella nodded. "God, yes. It's time." She wanted to make love more than anything in the world. Edward lifted Bella's sundress over her head then undressed himself. He wasn't wasting any time. He hovered over her and looked into her delicious brown eyes. The love he had for Bella was unlike anything he had ever experienced. It was better than winning the State diving title three years in a row. He was more proud of calling Bella his girlfriend than of his perfect ten and the display of medals hanging in his parents' home. Edward worshipped Bella's body with his hands and mouth first; making her come so hard she was soaked and ready for him. But, when he went in for a kiss, her hot, wet mouth turned and traced his jawline, then traveled down his body until Bella's mouth was on Big Ed, pleasuring him until he almost came down her throat. But, he withdrew. He needed to put on a condom and get inside his girl. "Can we try to make love?" He brushed his fingers through her hair once he'd settled back over her. "I'll be careful, I promise." "Yes. I want you so bad." She panted. Her heart thumped and her blood raced through her veins. It was the moment she had been waiting for since her sophomore year of high school. Four long years. Bella wrapped her hand around Big Ed as best she could, since her fingers didn't touch, and positioned him at her entrance. She took a deep breath, and Edward leaned forward to kiss her before he pushed inside. "I love you," he whispered. His words melted Bella's heart. "I love you, too," she whispered back. She braced herself for the pain with her arms around Edward's neck. Edward pushed in carefully. He was shocked when the tip slid in without too much coaxing. "Damn, baby. You feel so fucking good." Bella moaned. She was already stretched tight. The pain was manageable, thanks to Big Black Bob and Long Dong Leo. "Yes," she agreed. Big Ed did feel good, but he was only one tenth of the way inside her. "I need more," Bella begged. She lifted her hips, and Big Ed creeped in another inch. "Oh, gah…" She gasped. There was pain involved now. "Don't move, baby. I don't want to hurt you. The goal is to get him in. Then we can get crazy." He kissed her neck, then gritted his teeth as he pushed in another inch or so. "Holy, fuck me," Bella cried out. The pain was excruciating. Big Black Bob wasn't quite as large as Big Ed. She debated tapping out, but she had come this far, and there was no way she was quitting. When she set a goal for herself, she stuck to it. At some point, it'd have to feel good. Right? Instead of Edward pushing forward, he drew back a little. He knew Bella couldn't handle his entire length, so he kept it at halfway. He wanted her to enjoy making love to him. Besides, he was about to come, and he couldn't do that to her without giving her a little enjoyment beforehand. "Are you doing okay?" Edward asked with a tender kiss to the side of her neck. Bella opened her scrunched up eyes and nodded. She let out the breath she was holding. "Yeah." Edward pumped with careful thrusts. He could feel Bella getting wetter once she started to swivel her hips. "Oh God, baby. Mmm." Bella silently cussed Big Black Bob. He had helped her somewhat, but Edward felt like the size of a tuna can. She didn't think any dildo could've prepared her for that. "Just come, babe. I want you to feel good," she begged. Bella was willing to forego her orgasm, knowing Edward would make her come again with his mouth and fingers. At least there was penetration this time. "Are you sure?" Edward asked. The restraint he had kept himself under waned with each pump. All he had to hear was a yes and he was going to explode. "Uh…" Please say yes. Please say yes . Edward chanted to himself. Waiting for her answer was torture. His dick was throbbing. "Yes." One and a half pumps later, Edward's orgasm hit with the force of a typhoon. He collapsed on top of Bella. "That was amazing." He kissed her, trying to catch his breath. "It really was." Bella sighed happily. "It was everything." Rolling off, Big Ed kissed Bella's pussy with a loud, suctioned POP! as he exited the pool. And even though it wasn't a perfect ten, Edward still felt he had performed a medal-winning dive.