as he looked at Riley. "When Bella and I were six, we got married, the marriage consisted of ring pops and our first kiss." Riley said with a smile. "My father married us that day, so when we got married Bella and I wanted to make it special. My father got ordained online and he was the one to marry us. It just felt fitting for him to do it." "The best part was the ring pops at the end." Bella said stepping out of the bathroom. Riley turned and looked at his sweets. She was in a version of his and Peter's suits, only hers was more fitted to her body and she had a pair of high heels on. Her hair was tied up in a very elegant bun with a few stands curled and left out. "Well look at that, sweets." He said as he stepped closer. "You look better in a suit than I do." "I guess I managed to do the impossible." Bella replied with a smirk. Garrett laughed loudly as he looked at Bella. "You're taking this seriously, little one." "Well yeah!" Bell said with a smile. "You only get married once Gary. Well usually you only get married once. I'm a groomsmen, so unless you're going to make Riley and Peter wear a dress too, I'm not wearing a dress." Peter chuckled, "You look good, Bella." "Thanks Pete." Bella replied she moved from Riley's arms and sat down on the couch beside Jasper kicking her feet up on the coffee table. She looked over to Riley. "We should get married again, I can wear the suit this time." Riley laughed, "I don't know, sweets, I don't exactly look good in white." Bella rolled her eyes, "You have to be pure to wear a white wedding dress." Riley smirked, and just as he was about to open his mouth to respond, Bella covered it with her hand. She smiled at him. "Forget that I said that previous sentence." She moved her hand from his mouth and stepped back moving to sit down. "You weren't exactly pure when we got married, and you were wearing white." Riley said with a smirk. Bella crossed her arms over her chest, she narrowed her eyes at Riley. "I'll get you back for that." Riley smirked, "I know, but I'll do a heartfelt gesture to win your forgiveness before you can do something." "Better be something good," Bella replied with a smirk. She ignored the others in the room, she felt the Cullen's eyes on her and Riley, but that didn't matter. Peter and Garrett were used to their relationship, but to the other four in the room it was something strange. Elezar came in, "We're ready to go." Jasper, Emmett, Carsile and Edward all left the room to take a seat. Bella, Riley and Peter patted Garrett on the back and wished him luck as he went to stand at the altar. The three of them went to find the Bridesmaids as they were paired off and would be walking down the aisle together. -Page Break- Bella smiled as she and Riley got their things situated in the car. They were about to leave, everyone else had either gone hunting or were out in town. The two of them had already said their goodbyes to Peter and Tanya and the other Denali's, all that was left was for them to get in and drive off. Bella was about to get in the passenger's seat when Riley stopped her. "Something wrong?" Riley shook his head, "You remember that heartfelt gesture I owe you?" Bella nodded with a smirk. "What do you have planned?" "Everyone's gone, so…" He said as he pulled out a bat from the trunk and handed it to Bella. Bella looked at the bat curiously. "A bat? Why are you giving me a bat?" Riley took her hand and led her to the other parked cars. He stopped in front of a Volvo. "Do you remember when you told me that you wanted to take a bat to Shitward's precious Volvo? Well, I asked Peter to take him hunting far away so he wouldn't hear you do it. And I planned it so you wouldn't have to hear his whiny voice complain about it. Not to mention I asked Jasper to keep Alice from telling Edward any of my plan when I had decided it. There's no one here to stop you, so go for it." Bella looked to the bat and then to Riley. "Huh… I would've taken sex, but this is a lot better, Ry." Riley smirked, he put his arms around Bella bringing her back to his chest. He kissed her neck, "Destroy his car, sweets, just like he destroyed your trust." Bella smiled, "Love you, Ry." "Love you, Sweets." He kissed her softly before nudging her towards the car. He smiled as she swung at the hood until the engine itself was destroyed beyond repair. She swung again and again until she was satisfied she used her nail to carve something into the wood of the bat. Courtesy of Bella Swan "Swan?" Riley questioned curiously, she never used that name anymore she always went by Biers. "He didn't hurt Bella Biers, he hurt Bella Swan. I was a different person when we met, but you made me complete. You made me happy and helped me grow up. I hold nothing against the Cullens or Edward, but the 17 year old human girl, does." She wrapped her arms around his waist and leaned up to kiss him. "Let's go hunt for some real blood." "You were reading my mind, sweets." Riley replied as he pulled her towards the car. As soon as they were both in he didn't waste any time driving away. He smiled as she moved to his side and kissed his jaw. This was his sweets. His soul mate, and he was grateful every day that fate brought them together.