never will, that I will always want a taste of him. I lay in bed all night, with him fast asleep against my breast, and feel depressed knowing that James will soon return and my life will have to go back to normal. Normalcy for me is a complete misery. James has terrorized me for years and while I want to break free, I am too afraid to do it alone. I feel guilty bringing Edward into this and I know that once the night is over, I will be forced to shut him out of my life. For all one knows, I will have to courage to break free. Maybe Edward can inspire that confidence for the first time. "I never want to leave your side," I heard Edward say, waking me up from my restless night of sleep. The sun is high in the sky and shining through my blinds, making Edward look like an angel. He kisses me, molding his body against mine, allowing me to feel the erection throbbing between his muscular thighs. "Make love to me," I moan, before I can feel his huge cock spreading me apart. This time, his thrusts are not frenzied, instead they are slow and deliberate. This is what making love feels like. Although, I barely know him, I feel as though I love Edward more than I love any other man I have ever known. No man has made me feel so beautiful and so cherished. Yet, Edward can make me feel that way after such a short amount of time. When we come together, it's earth shattering and I am overwhelmed with emotion and the wild pulsing of my pussy. It isn't until Edward wipes away a tear, that I know I am crying. "Don't cry beautiful," he smiles at me, "I am so glad I finally found you." James returns and I don't speak to Edward for a long time. I can only manage a few small exchanges while my husband isn't around. Summer passes and I hear news from Esme that Edward is looking at law schools that will take him out of state. This news saddens me, I don't want my lover to leave me here, even if he is not truly my lover anymore. I might not be able to ride his cock in reality, but the action takes center stage in all of my dreams. I've been in a rut now, since summer is finally coming to a close, which I know will tear Edward away from my grasp. He will go to law school, meet a beautiful girl, get married and have kids, and will have the perfect life. I, on the other hand, will remain here, dreaming about the one who got away. At least Edward gave me memories to hold onto forever. I'm so distracted by my feeling sorry for myself, that I barely notice a sound at the door. I wonder who that could be? I smooth out my dress and jog to answer it, believing it could be James returning from work earlier. I'm shocked at what I find. Edward stands before me looking flustered and utterly handsome. I step aside to invite him inside, and his nervousness as he walks past me does not go unnoticed. "Are you okay, Edward?" I ask as I watch him pace the room. "I want you to come with me," he says, his strong voice full of conviction. "What?" I ask, completely taken aback. "I'm going to law school in Chicago and I want you to come with me," he says quickly, his eyes wild with passion as he speaks. "I know what he does to you Bella, and I can't stand it anymore. I want you to myself. I want to possess you the way you have possessed me." Is he truly telling me what I've wanted to hear for so long? I stare at him for a moment, trying to see if he is serious, but I see nothing but sincerity on his handsome face. Maybe he does love me the way I love him, but, it seems so crazy. We haven't known each other long, yet we burn for each other so intensely. Can I really do this? Can I really leave my husband behind? I know if I don't leave with Edward now, I won't ever leave James. Come on Bella, it's time for you to be happy! It's finally time to have the man you have lusted after for so long. Before I can register what I'm doing, I nod my head and say, "I'll go with you to Chicago." Edward's face lights up like a Christmas tree, and he runs toward me, wrapping me in his arms and crushing his mouth against mine. "I've missed you so much," he whispers into my hair. "I've missed you too." Soon I am on the kitchen floor, with my panties thrown God knows where, and Edward's cock has found its home between my legs. As he thrusts into me, I am reacquainted with the other thing I have missed. As he pounds into me, I know I have fallen in love with him. I don't care what his age is, or how fast our relationship has grown, or the fact that I'm married to a horrible man...I love Edward Cullen and that's all that matters to me. I come with a scream and it's not long before Edward ejaculates inside of me with one deep thrust. "I love you too," he laughs, kissing my forehead. "Did I say that out loud?" I ask, feeling a blush rise to my cheeks. "No, but your beautiful face is very expressive," he chuckles, "one of the many things I love about you." We leave for the airport within the hour and I find that I didn't once look back. Now, I can look forward to my future with Edward. The amazingly sweet and loving man, with an even more amazing cock.