all honesty, I stopped caring not that long ago. I was just waiting for you to get your head out of your ass and come find me." Jasper shook his head. "I knew the moment Charlotte came. Peter told me about your fits of rage, so I knew if I let her stay close to me, she would stay away from you. I don't really care for Charlotte anymore, darling. I was just letting her stay at my side because I didn't want her near you. The day when the Volturi left, I wanted to kiss you not her. She just got in my way before I could make it to you. Than Peter kept me from going after you. If he hadn't stopped me, I wouldn't have let you get away." Bella smirked, "Yeah, Peter told me about what he did. It's his brotherly instinct, though I wouldn't expect him to apologize." "I figured that he wouldn't apologize." Jasper replied he stepped forward his body only inches away from Bella's. "Can I finally do what I wanted to do that day in the field?" Bella smirked, and shrugged. "I don't know, Major. If you can catch me." Jasper put his hands on Bella's hips before she could disappear. "You ran away once, don't do it again." Bella reappeared and smiled. "I guess you're quicker than I gave you credit for." Jasper pulled her closer to him and finally crashed his lips to hers. His hand tangled in her hair as he deepened the kiss between them. He pulled back with a smirk on his face. "Mate." He said leaning in to kiss her neck taking in her scent. "You're mine." Bella nodded and tilted her head to the side giving him better access to her neck. "I've been yours for some time, Major. I was just waiting for you to realize it too." "I'm never letting go." Jasper said as he kissed down her neck. "You're stuck with me forever, Bella Darling." Bella smiled, "That sounds perfect, Jasper. Now, we have I say about 2 minutes before Peter comes out here. Let's start running and find somewhere for you to claim me so we can make this official." Jasper chuckled, he threw Bella over his shoulders and disappeared. He needed to mark his mate for it had been too long he had waited for this moment to come. -Page Break- Jasper wrapped his arms tighter around Bella pressing her back against his chest. He kissed her neck slightly sucking on the mark he had left just on the curve of her neck, identical to the one she had left on him. They were currently at the wedding of Edward and Tanya after the two discovered they were mates. Liam, though happy for his father wasn't too ecstatic to have Tanya as a stepmom. He still preferred to call Bella the closest thing he had to a mom. Liam now being at his full maturity was happy he didn't need his father to make any decisions for him. "Do you ever want to do this?" Jasper questioned as he whispered into Bella's ear, enjoying the way she shivered at his closeness. "I don't think it's necessary." Bella replied with a smile. "I think the shiny little scars on our necks are enough to prove that we're together." She looked to the side and met Jasper's gaze. "Is it something you want to do?" "I'd like you to have my name." Jasper replied, "I would like our relationship to be official in every way possible." Bella smiled, "Alright, but nothing big. Just the four of us down at city hall." Jasper chuckled, "Peter and Liam as witnesses?" Bella nodded with a smile. "Of course, and then for the honeymoon we can go somewhere with a lot of sun." "Eager to reveal what we are?" Jasper taunted as he resumed his trail of kisses down her neck. Bella smiled. "A little, I did promise Aro that I'd see him again. What kind of a person would I be if I didn't keep up my end of the deal?" Jasper growled possessively. "I hated him for touching you, and if he ever does it again I'm not sure I'll be able to stop myself from going after his head. You'll be the reason I start a war." Bella laughed lightly. "But you're so good in wars, they wouldn't stand a chance against you and me." "There's no point in starting a pointless war." Jasper replied with a smirk. "If we go to a sun filled location, we'll just have to be careful when we go outside." He paused and kissed her neck again. "If we ever go outside." Bella smiled, she turned her head and captured Jasper's lips with hers. She sighed as they pulled away from each other. "So, we're really going to tie the knot?" Jasper nodded, "I knew it would only be a matter of time, but if we speak any louder someone might hear us, and then we'll have to plan a big party." "Then let's not speak of it any longer," Bella replied she took Jasper's hand and led him to the dancefloor. "Do you think you can dance, major?" Jasper smiled, "I'm sure I can manage, I do have a very beautiful partner to dance with." Bella put her arms around his neck and danced with Jasper to the slow song that was playing. "Are you happy?" Jasper whispered into her ear as he brought her in closer. Bella looked up at him. "Of course I am, why wouldn't I be?" "You said all you wanted in life was to be happy. I want to make sure you always get what you want." Jasper replied with a charming smile. "I have to ask just to be sure." Bella smiled widely at Jasper. "I'll always be happy as long as you're at my side." "That's good to know." Jasper replied. "I don't plan on ever leaving your side."