As I felt Edward's fingers move over mine, and the smooth coldness of the ring as he slid it into place, I imagined seeing his beautiful face, the sincerity of his words reflected in his eyes. He gently helped me to place his ring on the proper finger, and I couldn't wait to see his expression, his reaction. But, most of all, as we were finally proclaimed man and wife, and I felt Edward step closer, his cool hands cupping my face and his lips descending onto mine, I dreamed of the day that I willingly succumbed to the sweet darkness of the passion my new husband stirred within me. The response was thunderous. Cheering and applause echoed in the air as Reverend Weber introduced us as Mr. and Mrs. Edward Anthony Masen Cullen, and my new husband held my hand tightly as he led me back down the aisle. He kissed me so lovingly then, it made my toes curl, and his arm was securely fastened around my waist as we greeted our guests, giving thanks and receiving their congratulations with pure joy and enthusiasm. The reception that followed seemed to last forever and end too quickly, at the same time. Jake stopped by to visit, which had been a welcome surprise; ever since Edward came into the picture, he and I hadn't seen or spoken to each other as regularly as we used to, and he had never responded to the invitation we'd sent to him for our wedding. He had seemed sad, for some reason, but I didn't question it, choosing instead to enjoy his company for as long as I could have it. After he had gone, and Edward had asked me if I were ready to call it an evening, we bid our goodbyes to our family and friends, and tucked ourselves away in what he said was his Aston Martin. He brought me here, to this isolated cabin in the forest of Wyoming, to celebrate our union. We did not share more than kisses and cuddles our first night, though...I'd told him with no question that I wanted to wait until after the transformation, so I can look into his eyes as he makes love to me. So, he held me, let me sleep and hummed my lullaby. The following morning, nearly a full day before the others were scheduled to arrive, he cradled my head against his chest, pressing his lips to my temple and running his fingers through my hair. If he had been able to, I was sure he would have been crying, and I did my best to soothe his fears. He helped me to take the pills that Carlisle had said may help with the pain of the venom, and after the longest half-hour ever, I felt him lean over me, his breath tickling my ear as he whispered his love for me, uttered one final apology...his words echoed in the air around me as I felt his mouth move to my throat, a sudden pain surging through my neck as his teeth sink into the flesh. The pain is brief, and after a short time I feel his teeth retracting suddenly, but the relief only lasts a moment as my body is engulfed in flames. My jaw is clenched almost painfully, holding back the cries of agony that are fighting to escape my lips. I had asked for this, almost insisted, despite Edward's repeated refusal. Sure, I knew that over time he had come to agree that it was the only option if I were to ever truly have a chance at regaining my sight, and even accept the fact that there really was no other choice. But that doesn't mean I want him to feel worse than he already does. His touch is almost electric as he moves over my body, his teeth pressing into my skin at each pulse point, trying to inject as much venom as he possibly can. The effect is quick, though, and it doesn't take long for the burning to become so powerful, that all else is blocked out of my mind...until, all at once, it is gone. And now, just as I have been for most of my life, I am once again lost in the darkness. But this is a different kind of darkness. This one is filled with a strange sort of silence, a stillness in the air that still feels almost...alive, somehow. I can feel the people around me, my new family, my coven. I can actually hear the air moving almost silently in their lungs as they each held their breath. I can smell the scent that is unmistakeably Edward nearby, but don't make a move. I can taste the dust particles that floated around me. "Bella?" I hear Edward say, and turn my face towards him, wanting him to be the first sight I see. Digging up as much nerve as I can, I slowly open my eyes... "Edward?" I say, squeezing my eyes shut again for a long moment before blinking a few times, trying to rid them of the faint burning sensation that seemed to still linger. I blinked again, and felt a strange tugging sort of feeling behind my eyes. "Yes, love," he said, and the relief was evident in his voice. So was the anxiety that I understood all too well. I blinked one more time and something slid into focus, but I still wasn't sure. I had to know... "Is this a dream?" I swear, I'm not evil... Okay, that's a lie. I'm pure evil, when it comes to cliffhangers. What can I say? I like giving readers the chance to draw their own conclusions, create their own endings... That, and I just like to see people squirm...hehehe... Thanks for reading, please leave a review! Follow me on Twitter 'at' BitterAngel116 or visit my Facebook page 'Musings of a Bitter Angel' for updates, trivia, and random randomness from my crazy mind!