and wet and wanton. His hands grip my hips, his eyes drop to the space between us, and he watches as I lift a little and begin to sink down slowly, my hand guiding him in as he whispers a string of expletives against my skin. I have to stop halfway, my thighs shaking and my muscles clenching as I adjust to the feeling of him inside me. It borders on pain, the feeling of being so complete and full, but even the slightest roll of his hips makes my eyes roll back in my head it feels so good. Our kisses are wet and hot and the push of his tongue against mine sends goosebumps rolling down my spine. I feel myself relax as a wave of arousal sinks deeper into my stomach, and I sink down very slowly. "Oh God," I whisper, frozen as I adjust. "I knew you'd take it," whispers-groans Edward, his hand buried in my hair. "Fuck-you're so good." I feel stretched tight and open wide and as he rolls his hips so so slowly I feel him so deep that my heart stutters and my legs shake. Breathing through the slight discomfort, I roll again, biting my lip to hold back a high-pitched whine as something sparks deep in the pit of my belly. My hands and fingers tingle. My toes and scalp and the tiny hairs on the back of my neck prickle. For once in my adult life, it's me doing my best to hold back my climax. I feel like with just one more push, one slight roll, I might explode completely and I'm torn between wanting to fall over the edge and holding off. My body wants its end but my brain wants so much more. "I can't…" I'm panting, my head resting against Edward's shoulder, my palms flat against his chest. "Oh, God. I'm so close."" His warm hands smooth down my back and over my hips, where they stop to press hard, his fingertips making divots in my flesh, small white marks where he grips and moves me. "Take it," he whispers, breath damp against my cheek. "Move. Take it. Come, Bella." "Edward," I breathe. His movements are slow. A gentle flex of his hips, the push and pull of his hands against my waist, all I can do is move and feel and try to remember to breathe. Inside I feel like I'm electrically charged, like every move is setting off a ripple of tiny eruptions through my entire body. It hits me like a wave of searing heat, beginning at the base of my back and tearing up my body until I'm bursting open wide and white hot with pleasure. Beneath me Edward groans, mouth open and eyes shut tight as he pushes further toward his own end. The heat recedes, and with every sharp thrust of Edward's hips against mine, I feel it pull back into that deep place inside, to the place we're joined. "Edward," I sigh. His green eyes open to find mine, and his jaw clenches as I lift up, only to snap my hips down against his. "Jesus, Bella," he moans. I pick up the pace a little, ignoring the burning in my core and the slight pain, and with a few last undulations of my hips Edward groans long and loud, his head thrown back as he pulls me tightly against him. It's primal and quite possibly the sexiest thing i've ever seen. "Christ," he breathes, going limp. Panting, I roll off of him, wincing as he slides out from my most sensitive place. "Ouch." "You okay?" he asks, breathless. "Yeah." He turns, watching me awkwardly slide out of bed to his bathroom. I clean up, quickly stopping to sniff his aftershave and use his mouthwash. In the bedroom, Edward is still on the bed, naked, his phone in hand. I grab my underwear and stuff them into the pocket of my sweats. My t-shirt sticks out from beneath Edward. "Toss me that?" I ask casually, cupping my hands over my bare chest. Edward tosses his phone onto the nightstand and rolls aside enough to tug my t-shirt out from under him. He holds it out, smirking as he keeps it out of my reach enough that I have to stretch over his reclined body to snatch it from him. He takes the opportunity to slap my bottom. I reply with a smack of my own and then slip my shirt on. "Going so soon?" he asks, resting his arm behind his head. "'Fraid so." "No spooning?" I laugh dryly. "I don't spoon on the first date." "No?" I shake my head. "Gotta keep that mysterious intimidating schtick, you know?" "Bella," he says, propping a knee up. "You just took my dick on the first date with no complaints. I'm more intimidated now than I was before." I try not to look at the way his now soft dick lies against his inner thigh. I fail, of course, and am kind of surprised at the little swell of emotion my heart has for that particular part of him. "Well, let's keep it that way," I say. "No sleepovers." "Yet." Sliding my slippers on, I bend a little to kiss him quickly. "Goodnight, Edward." He sighs. "Didn't pay you for a dick and duck kind of girl, Bella." "Oh, Edward," I call over my shoulder as I stroll through his apartment. "You have no idea what kind of girl I am." His laughter echoes through the small space of his apartment, and the resulting smile on my face stays with me, even as i'm sliding into my own bed on the other side of our shared wall. Shifting a little to get comfy, I'm unsurprised to find that I'm pretty sore, but that, actually, I don't mind at all. I mind even less when, a few minutes later, a jazz song - something soft and romantic - plays through the wall.