that was thrown atop the tiny casket. The way he'd held her up despite how he was breaking, too. The way she'd shied away from his touch after that, the fear of loving another as much as she'd loved her baby driving a wedge between them. The distance grew until they were on opposite sides of the chasm, a lava pit daring them to try to bridge or jump it. They no longer shared a bed. They no longer shared a life. They were two strangers passing in the night with almost nothing in common besides memories and shared pain. Jacob started working late at the mechanic shop and volunteering for extra shifts at the fire station. Avoiding the cold distance - the insurmountable wall that Bella had erected between them. Drinking with the guys more often. Bella remembered when she found the text messages from her . The home-wrecking whore, Jessica. How each message asked Jacob to meet her. To leave Bella, professing her undying love for Jacob. How she told him she understood his predicament and pain at losing a child. How each one built the wall higher, driving Bella and Jacob further apart. Shattering whatever pieces Bella had managed to heal. Jacob still claimed that he'd done nothing more with Jessica than talk. And while some part of Bella believed him, another part couldn't see why he wouldn't have when they'd both done so much to push each other away. He'd tried for weeks to explain, but she was tired of listening. Had she really tried to listen though? To truly hear what he was saying? Could she blame him for seeking solace in someone else? She had been so wrapped up in her own pain and selfishness, she somehow forgot that Ephraim was not just her son. She'd forgotten that Jake had a reason to grieve, too - just as much as she did. He'd felt him kick. Watched him move inside her womb and heard his heartbeat. He was just as broken as she at his passing. Standing from her position on the edge of the bed, the box and bracelet slid forgotten to the floor. Bella raced from the bedroom, tears running unheeded down her cheeks. "Jake? Jacob? Where are you?" her frantic cries filled the house. Hearing his car start in the driveway, she ran out the door, slipping on the ice on the porch. "Jake!" She watched as the car slammed into park and he emerged hesitantly from the car, eyes meeting hers across the way. "Bells, are you okay?" His hesitant steps carried him to where she was sprawled on her knees. Some part of her acknowledged the twinge of pain in them, but it was pushed from her mind. There were more important things to do. More important things to say. Jacob leaned down and held his hand out for her - an offer of help. The kind of offer she'd rebuffed and ignored the last few months. Gently slipping her hand into his, she gripped it tightly, letting him help her up before pulling him along behind her. Into the house and down the hallway, she led him to the bedroom. Picking up the game and bracelet, she put them into his hands. "I miss you," she said tearfully. "I miss who we used to be - the kids without a care in the world. How we used to play this silly game for hours…" A choked laugh fell from between her lips. "I don't hate you, Jacob. I still love you, and…" Swiping at the salty teardrops still cascading down her face, she hesitated. "And I'm sorry. I should have listened to you. I should have given you the benefit of the doubt. I should have done so many things differently." "Bella…" "No, Jake, I need to finish this." Drawing in a fortifying breath, she continued, "I should have remembered that I wasn't the only parent that lost Ephraim. I should have cried with you, not pushed you away." "Bells…" Shoving a hand through his hair, he took a moment to gather his thoughts. When he continued, his voice was low and quiet. "I'm sorry too. I should have stayed with you - stood by you. Tried harder - I don't know - anything but confide in someone else." Sucking in a lungful of air, he finally said what Bella had been waiting to hear. "I'm so, so sorry." Taking the game and bracelet from his hands, she placed them on the nightstand and fell into his arms. Lifting her head, she placed a kiss on his chin before burrowing further into his embrace. His chin ruffled her hair when he settled it atop her head. The rumble of his chest as he spoke was soothing. "You know what we need?" Pulling back, Bella gazed up at him. "What's that?" she asked. With a small smile, he replied, "Some mistletoe…" Laughing, they settled in for a night of reconnection and love. *~* The Happily Ever After *~* Ten years later The seven-year-old child watched her parents happily as they danced around the kitchen. She knew they were going to be late to the party at Grandpa Billy's house, but she knew they didn't care. She was mesmerized by them gliding around the room, lost in each other's eyes, oblivious to the fact she watched them. "Hey Kaylyn!" her five-year-old brother hollered, barreling toward her. Her frantic efforts of shushing Matthew were ignored. "C'mon! Silas and me are lookin' at the presents! You should come shake yours, too!" "I'm busy, Matt. Go away." Her pleadings caused a confused look to flit across the other child's face. "You're just watchin' Mom and Dad. They always dance like that. I don't see what the big deal is," he muttered, walking back to the living room. "The point is, dodo brain, I'm gonna love someone like that someday." *~* The End *~* A/N: Thanks for reading! I'd love to hear your thoughts!