a party, which I'm sure will be held again soon." I stated reasonably. "Besides, if you sentence her to death now, how will she ever attend a party?" I asked, raising a brow in challenge. "This is a place for law, not a place for emotions!" The Queen declared and I bristled. "If there are no emotions in a trial, then let machines do all the work!" I exclaimed. "We don't need judges and lawyers anymore! Technology is perfectly capable of passing out judgements, and they don't take any feelings into account either!" I shouted angrily, glaring at her. The Queen glared right back at me, green eyes alight with fury. "Insolence!" She decided, "Do you even have a law degree?" She asked and I remained silent. She had me there. Luckily, she didn't dwell on it. "And before that, are you not a criminal yourself? Very well, we shall leave the Duchess momentarily and deal with this 'lawyers' crimes first." Declared the Red Queen. "Crimes?" I repeated incredulously, and then suddenly, Itachi-kun was sitting on an elevated platform, a spotlight shining directly on him. I looked at my hands dumbly. How the hell did he get there? "This is the plush bunny that you stole and deemed 'Itachi-kun'." I gawked, my mind flashing back to when I was falling and grabbed him along with me. That wasn't qualified as theft! He'd been falling along with me! Actually, I saved him! "I didn't steal him!" I protested vehemently. The Queen raised an eyebrow. "You did, for it did not belong to you when you took him, nor did you ask the owner." She said and I bristled. "And he didn't give his consent to being taken either. Or did you, Itachi-kun?" She asked, and all eyes turned to the white bunny sitting on the platform. He remained silent, staring back us with stony eyes. "I do believe that's a no." The Queen stated with a smirk, sounding smug. "Then who's the owner so I can ask them?" I demanded angrily. If possible, her smirk grew. "I am, obviously. All that is on this land belongs to me." I could only stare in silence. How did one dispute that? She was the queen after all. "Witnesses!" The announcer suddenly shouted, making me jump in surprise. "If you have anything to testify, do it now!" He ordered loudly, and my eyes widened. "I shall testify." Hatter declared, tilting his hat in front of his face. "Hatter!" I exclaimed in shock. "This person had the wrong idea of what life is about." He stated. "Studying, studying, and more studying." He lamented, and I gave him a look of disbelief. "Well Edward, how would you know what life is about when you're dead?" I snapped only to pause in shock. Edward? Dead? Why the hell was I suddenly going on about Twilight? All the lights in the courtroom suddenly came on, and I had to shield my eyes from the bright light and we were surrounded by a large crowd watching over us from the balcony. "Why do you know my name?" Hatter asked, turning around, " Why do you know name?" He repeated looking at me. " Why do you know his name?" The crowd then repeated, " Why do you know his name?" They chanted loudly. "You also knew I was thorough in my job." Said Caterpillar-man, suddenly appearing out of nowhere, perched comfortably on his mushroom and smoking away. "And you weren't intimidated by me either." Said Hare, sitting in her chair, legs elegantly crossed. "Why?" The Mouse beside her asked me with a mischievous grin. "Why?" The two Cheshire cats also asked. "Why?" The Duchess asked with a smile. "Why?" Joined the Queen. The chanting was getting to be too much for me now, everyone chanting "Why" "Why" "Why" at the same time. "Because…" I fumbled for an answer but even I didn't understand. "You still don't understand?" Asked the Red Queen, standing up and giving me an amused smile. "Because, you know us." She stated and my eyes widened in recognition, because I knew that smile. I knew it very well. And then suddenly then the courtroom was gone and we were in my bedroom back in Dublin. "L-Lucianna?" I asked hesitantly, and her smile turned into a grin and before I knew it, I was running forward and enveloped my best friend in a tight hug. "Missed me much, Noë-chan?" She asked, returning my hug just as tightly, before stepping back, hands still on my shoulders. "You have no idea." I told her with my own grin and she laughed loudly before going serious again. "I know things must be hard for you right now, especially since Edward's being a right prat, but hang in there okay?" She told me in an encouraging voice. I frowned. "When will I see you again? I miss you, and don't have anyone to squeal over Tomoe with anymore either." I said jokingly and we both laughed. "Girl, you have to see Season 2, he's just so…le sigh." She breathed, eyes sparkling. I watched her fondly, and then she gave me a sad smile. "But I suppose, you'll just have to find a way to go without my awesome self." She teased, poking me playfully in the cheek. I gave her a smirk of amusement. "You're not as great as you think you are, Lucy." I scoffed and she raised a brow. "Oh?" She asked and I nodded, "Well then, I guess I'll just have to take my leave then. I can tell when I'm not wanted." She sniffed haughtily, though she was still smiling. My eyes widened in horror. "No - No!" I started to protest, but it was too late, and she was fading away still grinning cheekily at me and the last thing I saw was the fiery shock of her red hair. And then I woke up. Hope you liked it :) All reviews go to Itachi-kun ^.^