ring of sakura flowers on a single vein of brown that fell down on the right side and almost touched her shoulder. Her eyes were now a deep blue almost violet color that seemed to hold a wild fire in them as they looked to be crackling with lighting. Her body seemed to have both gotten taller and fuller and her clothes had changed to a flowing sleeveless white gown her feet were bare and her face seemed to hold an un-earthly beauty that seemed to call everyone to her like a siren. Jasper like all the others was staring up at her in awe when Bella seemed to become aware of her surroundings and lowered her eyes to meet his. In a breathless moment their gaze's clashed and as the crowd began to applause thinking what had happened was all a part of the show. Bella smiled at Jasper and put the microphone down on the stage and walked over to him. She leaned down and he reached up wrapping his hands around her waist and bringing her down slowly, gently setting her on her feet. They stared at each other from their now equal heights and then they were gone. The humans explained it away thinking they just hadn't seen the two move while the Cullen's were shocked at Jasper's blatant disregard at keeping their secret. ONE HUNDRED MILES FROM WHERE BELLA HAD HER BIRTHDAY PARTY: "Jasper." Bella gasped as he placed hickey's all around her neck and down her collarbone. "Bella are you sure you want me?" Jasper asked pulling back from his attention to her neck in order to make sure of what he was about to do. Bella smiled and placed a hand on his jaw, "Your all I want Major Jasper Whitlock." Bella said with total trust and complete certainty. Jasper smiled and kissed her hand before taking a deep un-necessary breath and then biting her neck drinking some of her blood and replacing it with his venom. He found the strength to pull away by reminding himself that Bella was his true mate and all of their memories together flashed before him. TWO DAY'S LATER: Jasper heard Bella's heart give to final thumps before remaining silent, immediately he was by her side and he watched as her eyes fluttered open. Her eyes that to Jasper's surprise and joy remained their dark blue almost violet color, Bella was standing up in a flash as she took in the almost completely new world around her. When her gaze drifted onto him she tilted her head to the side as she observed him and then a beautiful smile graced her lips as she spoke his name like a whispered prayer, "Jasper." (Narration) Over the next sixty-three years Bella and Jasper stayed alone as Bella applied her new knowledge and used her powers to help the Earth and all its creatures. Jasper found himself amazed over and over again at Bella and her unique way of looking at the world. Bella also learned that she had a mental shield in place and if she concentrated it could become physical. With several years of working on it she was able to shield Jasper mentally at all times and physically whenever it was necessary. Bella didn't try to stay on an animal only diet, however she didn't target innocent people either. As there was always killers, rapist, pedophiles, sex-slave traders and the like she and Jasper filled up on them making the world a better place. Bella and Jasper would snap their victims neck before drinking their blood so Jasper wouldn't be tortured by their emotions and so they would never create a vampire as a human had to be alive in order to become one. The Volturi had tried to come after Jasper and Bella as Alice and Edward had joined them and Alice had had a vision of Bella's powers. However Jasper and Bella were not alone, they were joined with Jasper's mated friends Peter and Charlotte as well as ten others nomad's who wanted the protection of a clan. Three of the nomad's were gifted, one was able to create replica's of himself out of different inanimate objects as long as they had some of his blood on them. Not to mention the seventeen shape-shifters who had been kicked out of their homes because they were females and therefore not 'allowed' to be shape-shifters and five of them had younger brothers who had changed as well and had followed them when they had left. And Bella and Jasper's eight sets of twin's who's conception and birth had surprised them. They came to realize that because of Bella's gifts she was fertile and each one of their children had at least one gift all in all the Volturi didn't stand a chance and upon realizing that they gave up. Three years later Carlise and Esme met up with them but upon realizing by Jasper's red eyes that they didn't follow the vegetarian lifestyle they left and hadn't contacted Bella or Jasper in any way since. Rosalie and Emmet however decided to stay with Bella and Jasper and the rest and they switched between animals and humans from time to time. Alice and Edward ended up getting ripped apart and getting put in Aro's 'Museum of Timeless beauty.' Charlie had married Sue Clearwater who gave birth to triplet boys. Both Sue and Charlie died twenty-four years later in a car accident. The boy's all turned out to be shape-shifters and upon learning about their older sister still being alive just a vampire they left Forks and searched for her. Upon finding her all three imprinted on three of the female nomads. All in all Bella and Jasper lived and loved each other timelessly and continued to live each day like it was their last. Every member of their ever growing clan could feel their love and happiness and found their own love and happiness. ~ THE END ~