Esme, my Mother, Emmett, my Brother, Rosalie my Sister .They weren't my biological family. Even we all were vampires bound by love,a coven...they were heartbroken when I left them. I couldn't live with their chosen life style. Animal blood muted the burn, but did not quench. And I couldn't live with the love filled in that small house in Alaska. I felt lonely more than I ever felt in my hundred years of existence ,between those two perfect couples, I felt like a complete sick, hypocritical moron. A Lonely moron…so I left. And started my duty. Killing rapists, murderers, robbers. Killing who deserve death. Until today. She doesn't deserve death. I hated myself from that moment. Hated my body, my strength, hated the vampire called Edward Cullen. I hated her too. She made me hate myself. She woke up the monster who slept within me for decades. She made me a monster again. I glared at her, my hatred flowed from my blood red eyes, if looks could kill, she'll be nothing, but a mere ash heap by now. I saw she flinching from my glare, her face showed that my hatred hurt her feelings, her eyes filled with confusion, her lips trembled. She's already hurt, physically and mentally. Brutally abused by a rapist, not raped, but every inch of her body showed how much pain she's bearing right ,torn, bleeding... And I, who's saved hundreds of innocent girls like that, I who's planning to kill her. Disgusting. I didn't move, neither breath. I was worried that I might lose control if I smelled her mouthwatering aroma again. She was looking at me brown eyes took the whole image from my toes to top, face and finally eyes…. I felt a sudden urge to laugh,it was comical how her eyes changed from appreciation to complete horror. I would've found this amusing if I wasn't trying my best not to kill her. I stared at her eye's...deep like a well in summer, it was easy to ignore the thirst when I'm looking at eyes like that. Brown , wide, innocent, lovely and filled with fear… and…. annoyance ? again I felt that crazy need to laugh. "ugh..mm.." she cleared her throat, and swallowed loudly while looking at me. I was like a statue, not moving…staring….but it was for her own good. My muscles ached from the need to attack her, and bury my teeth in her soft, pale, warm neck ….and her blood will taste like ….. "Thanks for saving me" she croaked, breaking my thoughts, luckily...She looked embarrassed as her voice broke...she will thank me more if she knows how much pain I endure trying my best not to kill her…I clenched my fists to restrain my animal need. She stood up slowly. Wincing as her wounded body dusted her cloths and picked up her bag. Looking lost. She turned and walked around until she found one of her slippers, other one was broken, then straightened her skirt and then saw the body. of course...she shivered. "You killed him" She sound …irritated? Is she mad? Or has she lost her mind after the encounter with all this shit? My eyes burned in to her. I saved her from this filthy man and she's now…irritated? She jumped when she saw my face ..that's right…. now I'm totally pissed lady…..I hate myself, I hate you , I hate the whole world & hate that I can't escape from all this shit. I've never felt the need to kill myself as I felt in this moment. Her whole body went limp ,her face dropped as she saw my expression...it was a pretty face, pale and heart shaped, with those magical calming brown eyes, and lips like flower petals….mmm…yeah,swollen and covered with dried blood...but that's not an unpleasant sight for a vampire….. She doesn't deserve death, she deserves a normal life, friends, family, a husband and children….. I felt the same ache rising in my frozen heart. Everything that I won't ever have…. She must have them… But …WHAT? She's definitely mad. Just as I thought to leave her and disappear, she took a step toward me. Insane!. I growled at her. Baring my fangs… she's crossing the line. She's inviting death. She waves the red flag at the monster in me, prepared to spring…..She almost giggled when I growled. That's how I knew she's in a shock…her eyes were locked at my teeth & pale lips slightly parted, As she was fascinated by that. Ugh…some human! She took another step away and I lost it. Her body heat came in waves as she walked towards me. I knew I'm gonna be done if she took another step. So I moved too fast, she didn't get the time to analyze what's happening. I pushed her away, her fragile body was very warm, just as I expected, and felt so small in my hands. My palm only touched the fabric in her torso, near her collar bone, but I felt the heat spreads and a strange sensation filled my whole body at that touch. Then I turned away, watching as her small body slowly hit the ground, slowly for vampires, I hoped I didn't cause her more damages, yet I cringed as her wounded body again land with a thud. I told myself, it's better than death…then I turned from her, took the smelling lifeless body from one hand and ran away. Away from her weak body….away from her curses as she hit the ground….away from that cursed sweet blood…away from everything. But my arm still tingled from that unknown sensation. It doubled the ache in my heart. I felt lonely again. Like I've lost something…I didn't know what. Because I never had anything to loose. But I felt I left something behind…. My wrist brushed on the dead man's shirt. My mother's amulet was gone. But I felt it was not the only thing I left behind in that ally, which belongs to me…