curly hair above her opening. Her pussy was shining with her arousal and I let myself take pride in the fact that I was the cause of such a thing. I dared to look up into her eyes, a small smile tugging at my mouth. Alice kept her eyes on mine as she removed her shorts the rest of the way and leaned back on her elbows, spreading her slender thighs for me. She nodded her head, giving me silent approval to begin my exploration. I took a deep breath to steady my nerves. My hands were still a tad trembly as I reached out and covered her entirely with my hand, feeling the moist heat. Alice shuddered, dropping her head back, her long neck exposed to my extreme pleasure. I was torn between wanting to bite and nibble that beautiful swan-like neck, or continue with my exploration of her most secret place. My mind was made up for me when she wiggled her hips and grunted impatiently. I moved my hand up and down experimentally gathering the slickness that seemed to be pouring out of the little vixen uncontrollably. I was inexperienced in the art of pleasuring another woman, but that didn't seem to matter as Alice wriggled and sighed her appreciation. Her obvious thrill at my hands doings spurred me on. With one hand I spread her thighs, pushing her right leg up to settle on her tummy, my other hand tickling softly at her velvety folds. Her pussy parted willingly allowing my index finger entrance into her warmth. I pushed it in just slightly, feeling her tight hole clench around the tip. In and out, I kept that rhythm going for a while, entranced by the sight and sensuality, and sheer naughtiness of the act. "Bella," Alice moaned, scooting her butt closer to me. "Please don't tease," her strained voice begged. I looked at her angelic face pinched in sweet agonizing pleasure, loath to make her wait another second. My finger wriggled itself deeper into her warm slippery canal. We both groaned in unison. I think I was deriving as much pleasure from the act as she. Slipping in and out, side to side, round and round, again and again I found a rhythm that Alice indulgently appreciated. "Yes, oooh... just like that. Harder." Harder I went so eager to please, my finger slipping and sliding in and out her hot box in earnest. The sounds erupting from both sets of her lips making me euphoric. I was at it for a couple of minutes before I realized something. I had come within a matter of seconds and all Alice had to do was press her kneed against my cloth covered center. And here I was going to town on her, no barrier and she had yet to cum. Was I doing something wrong...? I studied her burnt red pussy, slowing my movements significantly. "What is it?" Alice asked breathlessly, lifting her head to look into my eyes. I nodded sheepishly. "Does this... feel good?" A large goofy grin spread across her face. "What do you think? I'm practically soaking the sheets here." "But you aren't..." I trailed off unsure how to continue without making a fool of myself. "Tell me," she encouraged, reaching one shaking hand out to rub down my cheek. I pushed my facde against her reassuring touch. "You're not..." I laughed awkwardly. "cumming." To my surprise, she laughed. I started to pull away feeling a little insulted but she pulled me back with a firm tug of my hair. "Don't you dare," she warned menacingly. Then her eyes softened at my confusion. "If you want me to cum, sweetie, you need to pay a little more attention to my clit." Oh... Well, I felt stupid. Of course! It wasn't like I hadn't pleasured myself a million and one times before. I knew to go for the clit to get the best results. I blushed hot. "Right. Sorry." Idiot. "Don't worry 'bout it," she murmured, loosening her tight grip on my hair. "I was thoroughly enjoying the ride. Please. Continue." She giggled daintily and gave me a slow wink. Gosh, she's fucking spectacular. "Yes, Ma'am." I went back to work, this time mindful of her swollen nub. Suddenly, Alice was wild and unreserved. She screamed, her ass wiggling about wildly as I used one hand to probe her hole and the other worked tight little circles on her clit. Her hands traveled up her body, squeezing her ample breasts, pulling at her own hair, twisting in the sheets, then back again. It took less than a minute and a wrist cramp later for her to explode around my finger, her pussy quivering and clenching as she screamed to the high heavens. My name fell from her lips like a prayer over and over again as she rode out her orgasm. I pulled my finger from her, sitting back on my hunches as I watched her lay limp and thoroughly satisfied. I couldn't help but be a little smug. For a first timer, I wasn't too fucking shabby. "Bella," Alice muttered sleepily. "Yes?" "I feel the intense need to blow your mind now." I laughed and moved to lay next to her. She was unbuttoning my pants before I could even lie down. Okay, don't judge too harshly. This was written in just over an hour and I didn't really feel like editing it. I wrote it for my own satisfaction, and if you got some out of it even with all the mistakes I am sure I made, wonderful! I don't really have a plant to continue this any further, but who knows how les-bi-onic I'll feel later? Again, this was done on a horny whim! I wrote the sex first then the story around it so I wouldn't be posting plotless porn. Also, this is my first attempt at FANfiction, and is the first thing I have posted for people to see. Ever.