to a residence on Greely Street. Upon entering the residence, officers found what appeared to be a manmade torture chamber, and the remains of what we believe to be eight bodies." A cold sweat coated Charlie's skin and his leg began bouncing. He struggled to grab his phone, but when he finally did, he redialed Bella's number while continuing to watch the press conference. "The home was rented to a couple by the name of Jasper and Alice Whitlock," Royce continued. "Our department obtained surveillance footage from a Home Depot store in Everett where the couple was seen yesterday morning. After reviewing this footage, we have determined that these two individuals are actually Mary Brandon and Phillip Hale, the criminal masterminds behind a six-month killing spree. The two are wanted for murder in Texas, Colorado, Wyoming, Idaho, and Oregon. They are also wanted for questioning in today's horrific crime." "Fuck!" Charlie cursed the call when it went straight to Bella's voicemail yet again. He reached for his wallet and tried to count out enough cash to pay for his breakfast. His hands were trembling violently, however, and he just couldn't seem to think straight. "The Federal Bureau of Investigation has provided us with these photographs of Brandon and Hale." The picture on the screen changed to that of a young man with wavy blonde hair and a young woman with a brown bob. Charlie's stomach filled with dread. "We are asking that anyone who has seen these individuals, or who may have further information, call the FBI tip line, or the Seattle Police Department. These two individuals are considered armed and dangerous, and should not be approached by citizens." "Christ, they're just kids," Billy muttered. "They can't be much older than Bella and Jake." "No," Charlie spat out, dropping his wallet on the Formica countertop and grabbing his phone. His pulse quickened and thick drops of sweat lined his brow. He tried to enter the unlock code, but kept hitting the wrong buttons. "FUCKING UNLOCK!" "Charlie?" Billy's eyes were wide and lined with fear. "We are currently working on identifying the Georgetown victims. More information will be available when this portion of our investigation concludes. Thank you." Royce stepped away from the makeshift podium and the picture went back to that of the KING5 newsroom. The chief tried to take a deep breath, but it was no use. He'd seen Mary Brandon and Phillip Hale before. It hadn't been in person, but it had been recent - as recent as the night before, in fact. Charlie sucked in a breath and handed his phone to Billy. "Can you punch 9524 in on the keypad for me?" Billy did as his friend asked and handed the phone back to him. Charlie opened his text messages and scrolled through everything Bella had sent him. The color drained from his face and tears filled his eyes when he found the photo he was looking for. Bella was on the far right side of the photo, striking an entertaining pose that displayed her Wonder Woman wrist cuffs. Rosalie stood next to her, curling her fingers in the air like cat claws. Beside them stood a young couple dressed as a doctor and a nurse. They had their surgical masks pulled down around their necks, and sinister smiles plastered on their faces. An outsider might view them as genuine, but Charlie could see right through it. Their eyes were cold, hard, and void of any emotion. He'd seen that look in a killer's eyes before and could recognize it anywhere. Phillip Hale was the doctor, and Mary Brandon was his nurse. Charlie had to get out of there. He had to get to Seattle. The chief tried to stand, but his legs wouldn't hold him. He swayed back and forth until Billy grasped his elbow and eased him back onto the stool. He felt dizzy, nauseated, and out of breath. People in the diner were staring at him and Billy was trying to ask him a question, but he couldn't hear anything. All Charlie could focus on were his heart's fast beats and the blood pounding through his veins. He glanced at the picture on his phone once more before it slipped from his hands and crashed to the floor. Charlie slouched forward and let out an ear-splitting scream of his own. "BELLA!" A/N: Some of you may have guessed, but this piece is ... completely fictional! And actually, this part gives me a good giggle, because most of the reviews on the countdown guessed it as being based off of fact. However, all of this came tumbling out of my own twisted mind. ;) On a side note, I haven't updated or posted anything in what seems like forever, so I'd like to take this time to thank whomever is responsible for the nominations I received in the Fandom Choice Awards, as well as the TwiFic Fandom Awards. I can't tell you how much things like that mean to me. I'd also like to thank everyone who is still around reading my work. Which segways into my next ramble... Hot Commodity. It's been months and I know this. Writer's block came at me out of left field, and then when my mojo seemed to be coming back I was hit with the holidays and family tragedies, unfortunately. It's been a rough few months, but I'm still here, the light at the end of the tunnel is growing larger by the day, and I promise anyone who reads that story that it will complete. I'm not going to give a timeline, but I will say the final chapter is almost finished and close to being ready for posting. Of course there are also two epilogues following that, but I've started them both as well, so please don't lost hope or faith in me. Thanks again for being here! Happy New Year to all! Here's to a year filled with love, laughter, peace, and joy. xo