the weather reports on the internet were one thing, but actually experiencing it was another. It was a miracle nothing was frozen over. I quickly got into the car, turning up the heater as high as it could go, and sitting in place a few minutes more to get warm, before I actually put the car into drive. Forks Highschool wasn't particularly hard to find, even though it was on the other side of town. The ride was only a brief fifteen minutes, even with my snail slow driving. I pulled in, noting the sign that indicated the faculty's parking lot, and found a parking spot close to the entrance. School started at eight on the dart, and it was currently seven forty-five, but I did still have to meet with the principal before classes started. The campus itself was really a bunch of redbrick buildings that just all happened to be in the same area, and not a connected, cohesive building, but honestly, I'd seen worse, and it was better than I'd expected. I hurried inside to the reception room, where I found a plump, curly haired woman standing at the counter, arranging some colorful school flyers carefully. I cleared my throat to get her attention, and her wide eyes flew to me in surprise, her hand jerking in shock causing some of the flyers to scatter. She made an abortive motion, and I hurried to pick them up from where they'd fallen. "Oh, thank you dearie, I can be such a clutz." Said the woman, pushing them together and firmly arranging them once more but I only waved my hand dismissively. "It is my fault, really. I apologize." I told her with a smile, but she only gawked at me in shocked silence for a moment, before she left out a puff of air through her nose. "Well look at you and your fancy accent, just like one of them beauties in the Bond movies! You that new exchange teacher?" She asked interestedly, to which I nodded. She made a sound of comprehension, "I'd heard you were Mexican but its still a bit surprising, you see. Why our Spanish language teacher's from over there, but she's been here so long we consider her one of ours. Her accent's long gone. What did you say your name was again, dearie?" I blinked a few times, "My name is Catalina, and I am from Spain actually." I corrected, to which she nodded sagely. "Ooh yes, much more exotic I think. Always wanted to go there myself, spend time in the capital, see a little bit of the world and all that, but well, my husband's a right caveman. Can't even be bothered to take a drive down to the beach, let alone travel halfway across the world, he just loves to sit on that chair of his and watch the game." The woman huffed indignantly, and I watched in amusement "Well anyway, that's marriage for you I guess, word of advice, Kitty, don't do it. I'm Mrs Cope by the way, but you can call me Marge. I run things around here -though ain't you a bit young?" Ah there it was, exactly what I'd been waiting for. And it would be happening until I turned at least twenty-seven. But I could only shrug, because I was young, barely twenty-four. "Well, I do hope so, yes," I agreed and we both laughed, "Is the principal in? I am supposed to meet with him before I start." I informed her, and she nodded. "Oh, I see I see. Let me just ring him for you." she said, picking up the telephone before she'd even finished talking. A few words later, and she hung up. "He'll be out in a little while, he's just-" Just then the door opened once more, cutting her off and drawing both our attention. In walked a mousy teenage girl, with brown hair and pale skin, dressed sensibly in jeans, a heavy grey parka, and rain boots. Her shoulders were hunched in when she walked, her eyes trained on the ground and hand clutched tightly onto the strap of her backpack. "Can I help you?" Asked Mrs Cope -it felt entirely awkward to call her by her first name- looking at the girl expectantly. "I'm Isabella Swan." She mumbled quietly. Recognition passed over the older woman's face, and I saw Isabella fidget uncomfortably. It was evident this was a girl who didn't like attention -I could empathize; I'd been a teenager once not so long ago. Wretched years, those were. "Of course," breathed Mrs Cope, before rummaging through a pile of precariously stacked papers, attention straying. "I've got your map and schedule around here somewhere..." I gave Isabella a friendly smile and a playful nudge with my shoulder. She stumbled slightly, before righting herself and staring up at me with wide brown eyes, her cheeks red. "Do not worry, I am new too." I whispered just low enough for her ears to catch. She blinked a few times, blushing deeper, before a hesitant smile blossomed on her face. Her mouth opened, but before she could say anything, a door on the side of the office opened loudly, revealing a thin man with a bald head gleaming so bright it reflected the florescent lights in the room. Isabella's mouth clamped shut. "Ms Augustín, I'm ready for you." He announced simply, voice nasally and the moustache above his lip twitching with every word, before ducking back into the office. I looked back at the young girl next to me and we shared a glance of amusement, my lips twitching, and she let out a helpless snort before hurriedly covering her mouth, looking shy suddenly, but she seemed to be a lot less nervous, which was my goal in the first place. "Ah found them!" Announced Mrs Cope, brandishing the papers proudly. "Good luck. " I said to her, before leaving with a conspiratory wink, and following after the Principal.