evening, I think I'm going to call it a night. Do either of you want to share a cab?" "I will! I have spinning class in the morning and my instructor will kill me if I show up half in the bag." Alice handed me my purse and stepped back into her shoes. "I think I'm gonna stay for a bit. Emmett and I …" Rose trailed off and smiled shyly. It was an expression I hadn't seen her wear in a long time, and I couldn't help but smile with her. Evidentially Emmett was quite the guy. "Shush, no explanations are necessary! We just expect all the details at brunch tomorrow!" I hugged Rose and she air kissed my cheek. Alice and I started for the door when I saw him staring at me from across the room. Alice followed my gaze and pushed me. "Oh no you don't, missy. We're going to catch a cab, go home, and forget this night ever happened. By Monday you won't even remember Edward Cullen." Alice cocked her head to the side and lifted her hand in a small wave. "Although his friend is kinda cute." I swatted her arm playfully and resumed my trek to the door. It turned out Alice was right; by the time I got home the only thing on my mind was a bubble bath and my warm bed. As I crawled between the sheets later that night, I silently thanked the higher power above for making New York such a big city. The last thing I needed was to have to worry about running into Edward Cullen on a daily basis. Edward's POV "You might want to put some ice on that." Jasper pointed at my jaw. "You don't want to have an actual bruise on your face. That will tarnish your image." "Fuck off, Whitlock." I rubbed my cheek, wincing in pain. I'd had a few more Glenlivet's since my failed hook-up attempt, and while they did take the edge off things, my ego was still bruised and my desire still burned strong. "I suppose it doesn't matter. An entire room full of New York high society just saw you get spit up on and slapped. It can't get much worse than that." I glared at my best friend, wondering why I'd agreed to bring him to this stupid event in the first place. "While it's been a pleasure spending this evening with you delighting in my public humiliation, I think I'm going to head home." I grabbed my suit coat off the back of the chair next to me, resisting the urge I had to hit Jasper. "Hey man, no harm intended! I'm just in shock that you found a woman on this island who doesn't want to sleep with you." "For your information, she never said she didn't want to sleep with me. Given the opportunity, I'm sure she'd graciously accept an offer to go to bed." I'm not sure why I felt the need to defend myself. Getting turned down by one woman out of how many was nothing really. I was cocky, however, and I wasn't about to let this go. "In fact, I bet I could even make her fall in love with me." "Are you willing to wager something on that?" Jasper reached in his pocket and pulled out a wad of cash. "It's going to take a hell of a lot more than money to send me on a wild goose chase like this. Money I already have, my friend." Jasper raised his eyebrows and reached in his pocket again, this time dropping a house key on the tabletop. "My Hamptons house is yours if you can win this woman over." Jasper was staring at something across the room with an amused smirk on his face. I followed his gaze and saw her gathering her things at the bar. She leaned in to hug the tall blonde standing next to her before following her friend from before towards the door. "All I have to do is get her to love me? You've got yourself a deal." I shook Jasper's hand, making our bet official. "Women tell me they love me before they even get in my apartment, Whitlock." "Oh no, I'm talking real love buddy. I want to see her marching down Madison Ave. proclaiming her feelings for you. None of this 'I'm in love with your cock' bullshit. If she doesn't say it, out loud, for all of us to hear, I keep the house and you get to give me that brand spanking new BMW." "Real love, huh?" Jessica Stanley crossed my mind briefly, but I didn't want to let myself go there. Not right now, not in public. "Real love is not hard to create, my friend. All it takes is a few nice dinners, a Broadway show or two, a couple dozen roses, some nice jewelry, and voila!" "I wouldn't be so sure about that." Jasper held his beer in the air and smiled. Across the room, my brunette and her friend had stopped in their tracks and were glaring at us. The short one nudged her in the back and whispered something before giving Jasper a small wave and heading out the door. "I hope you're ready to vacation in Rhode Island next summer, my friend, cause your Hamptons pad is going to be all mine." I slipped my suit coat on and made sure my house keys were in the pocket before paging the driver. Jasper shook his head at my arrogance, drained his beer, and followed me out to the car. "Best of luck my friend. Best of luck." "Who needs luck?" The words fell off my tongue smoothly, and for a minute I believed them. Then reality hit and I wanted to choke myself. I, Edward Cullen, did not do love , even when a beautiful Hamptons house was on the line. What the hell had I gotten myself into?