voice. Alice wanted to continue to convince him as well as the others, but knew it was pointless when Carlisle put his foot down like that. Never, in her eternal afterlife, had she felt her heart ache as much as it did that day. It took nearly a while year before she could bring herself to talk to anyone other than Jasper and Emmett, her only other ally in this venture. Edward would continuously mutter that he thought she was being overly childish while Roselie would state that she was just being unrealistic, but Esme would quickly shush them, not wanting to hurt Alice anymore then she already had. It broke her heart that Alice would distance herself from them all, but having lost her own child before gaining all of the ones she had now, she understood the pain Alice was going through. "I see," the woman said, holding back tears that Alice could smell instantly, their salty aroma reach her nose. "Thank you for you kind words," Alice said gratefully. "My sister would appreciate them." "I'm glad. Unfortunately, I'm not sure that I can help in anyway," she said sadly. "I've never seen these children here at the orphanage in my years of working here." "I'm sure you haven't because they're no longer children," Alice said, shocking the woman. "My sister passed away thirteen years ago; these two are sixteen years old teenagers." "My goodness, thirteen years ago? But, you're so young yourself. Your sister must have been quite a bit older then you to have been considering adoption." "Yes she was. She was nineteen when she passed, and I was six. Indeed an age gap between us. Never the less, I always, in the back of my mind, remembered all the joy and happiness that these two children brought my sister, and vowed to find them again someday and show them that they did indeed have a family, one that they have always been a part of." "Well, I must say, you are quite young yourself. Providing for children, especially teenagers, can be a lot of work and expensive." "Thank you for your concern," Alice said sweetly, trying not to roll her eyes. "However, my husband and I are very well off and can easily provide for them. After all, we do send a sizable donation here every year, being that we are its top benefactors." The woman's eyes grew wide once more at these words, wondering if the girl's words were true. Though logically, she should be inclined to ask more questions and get more information from her, something about being in the girl's presence compelled her to trust her. Opening up the files on the computer, the woman turned back to Alice, hands at the ready. "Do you know anything about them? A name perhaps?" "Cecil and Cleopatra Caesar," Alice said with a smile, though it faltered at the frown that came to the woman's face as she typed away. "Is there a problem?" "No, of course not, it's just…" the woman paused, trying to find the best way to explain this to the girl without hurting her feelings. "The Caesar twins are known for a lot of things around here, for their…discrepancies." "And what do you mean by that?" Alice said, venom lacing her voice. "Thay're…troublemakers," she said carefully after seeing that she had angered the girl. "The two of them get into fights and things of that nature all the time at school, have been arrested numerous times by the police, and have been caught doing many heinous things, including stealing, cheating and tampering with other people's property. Yes, the Caesar twins have made quite the name for themselves here." "I see," Alice said, trying to hide her annoyance and shock at the way the woman talked of them. If she were being honest with herself, she was also upset with herself; she should have seen these things in her visions, but not long after they had moved, she had forced herself to stop looking at their futures because anytime she did, Edward would get on her case or send Carlisle to talk to her. Because of this, Alice could do no more then check every so often on them by contacting the orphanage and being sure that they were being well taken care of, but that was beyond difficult as the orphanage could not legally give her any information on them. It was then that Alice began to anonymously send a sizable contribution to the orphanage, going out of her way to be sure that she was there for them in some way. "For yours, and your family's sake, I think it'd be best to not pursue them. I understand the connection that you feel to them and your sister, but-" "I thank you for your concern, but this really doesn't concern you," Alice interrupted, startling her. "Now, if you would be so kind, I'd like to find them as soon as possible." The woman was quiet for a moment before typing at the computer once more, finding the file with the twins names on it. Scribbling down their info, she handed it to Alice. "This is the last known location of their residency. They were taken in by a foster family, but we haven't had any updates since they were taken in eighteen months ago. That is all I can do for you." "Thank you," she said sweetly, taking the paper and turning to leave without another word. Although this didn't go as well as she had hoped, it was a step in the right direction. Now that she knew where to look, Alice hoped that she could use her visions to see them, and if so, she would be able to find them much easier now. Of course, that too was not guaranteed, but even so, Alice knew she would stop at nothing to find her kids. A smile graced her lips once more. "Mommy's coming home, just you wait."