his beer. "Squirt," Emmett said tossing an empty beer can into the fire "you gonna answer my sisters question about your birthday plans or not?" So I had a nickname now? "Nothing, I'm not doing anything. I didn't have anything planned." "Yes!" Alice jumped out of her seat, "Let's go to Greys!" "No!" Edward, Rosalie and Emmett all said at once. "What's that?" I asked. "Their dad's club downtown, it the hottest night club." Jasper told me "Alice has only gone once and she was too drunk to remember anything." "Shut up." Alice grumbled finishing her beer and throwing it in the fire "Please it's Bella's birthday." "You don't even know the girl," Edward said finally speaking "you stalk her in class, it's kind of creepy." "Don't be a dick," Alice flipped her brother off "I'm asking for one night." "Talk to mom and dad," Emmett said hold his hands up in defense "I don't care what you do as long as you come home at the end of the night." Alice sighed and looked at me "This is gonna be hard, my dads a little over protective. I'll talk to them tomorrow." My phone started buzzing in my pants and I saw my mom was calling. I excused myself and went over to where a tree line started. "Hello." "Bella where are you?" My mom, Renee spat into the phone "I checked the monitors and you're no where in the house. It's almost eleven." "I'm out with some friends, were just getting some pizza." I lied. "Bella, you have violin lessons tomorrow at eight, do not miss them I'm serious. Do you want that scholarship for Julliard?" No. "Yes." I whispered. "Then I suggest you get home and sleep. Now." "Goodnight." I mumbled hanging up the phone, I didn't want to go, I wanted to stay and hangout with Alice and her family. They were people I'd never met people, fun, outspoken, funny. "Everything okay?" Alice asked when I sat back down in my seat. "Yeah." I lied taking my beer and drinking the last of it and throwing it in the fire. Edward nudged me and handed me another beer. "Thanks." I tried to concentrate on what they were talking about, something about Alice getting in trouble with their parents but I couldn't take my mind off my mother. I can't believe she'd been watching me. I was pissed off, she was invading my privacy and who cares if I wanted to miss my lesson, I hated the violin. "What's on your mind?" Edward asked while everyone else chatted. "My mother," I shrugged "she's very controlling, like my dad. I don't know, she just kind of set me off I guess." "You don't have to listen to them." He said simply. I kept silent "She was watching me, my dad must have had some monitoring system set up. She knew I wasn't home." "Whoa, that's kind of fucked up. My dad's pretty protective but he knows our space." Edward finished another beer and threw it in the fire "Fuck leave the house." I laughed, "It's not that simple." "Why not?" "I don't have anyone or anywhere to go." I said quietly. Edward didn't speak again and I finished my beer and tossed it into the fire, I was three in and I felt a little tipsy. "I need to go home." "You're not driving." Alice said grabbing my hand and pulling me back down in my chair. "I'll walk, I'm only ten minutes away." I said pulling my arm away. "I'll walk you," Alice said standing and handing Jasper her beer "Emmett, Edward and Jasper, please, break up the party." "Don't have to tell me twice." Emmett smiled and walked into the house followed by Rosalie, Jasper and Edward. Alice and I walked down the street. "Thanks for coming." Alice smiled bumping me "It was fun wasn't it?" "Yeah," I chuckled "it really was thank you for inviting me. You're family is really cool, how old are your brothers?" "Emmett is twenty-five and Edward is twenty-three," Alice hummed "Jasper will be twenty-two in four months, I'm dating an old man." "How did you meet him?" "My dad, Jasper's dad is really good friends with my dad and one day I went down to another bar my dad owns to meet him for lunch and Jasper was there with his dad. That was about a year and a half ago, I still love him." "That's adorable." "What about you, who was your first love?" I twirled a piece of hair around my finger "I've never been in love, I've never had a boyfriend." "You're missing out girl," Alice laughed, "Love is amazing, its crazy but beautiful. Every time I see Jasper I get butterflies and I cant wait to just wrap my arms around him and have sex." I laughed and we stopped in front of my house "It sounds nice, thanks for walking me." "No problem, I have a good feeling about you Isabella Swan. Tomorrow I'll come over and we can hangout, hopefully I can convince my dad to let us go to the club." "Fingers crossed." I joked and watched Alice as she started her walk back to the house. To be honest I would love to hangout with Alice again but I wasn't fun like her and her family, I wouldn't be surprised if she just decided to not show up tomorrow and I wouldn't be mad about it because Alice Cullen had shown me a night of fun and that was all I ever wanted. XOXO Well what do you think? It's a good start in my opinion, this story honestly has been in my head for forever and to finally have it all figured out and writing it is crazy. Well I hope you guys like it and the next chapter should be up in a week or maybe even sooner! Comment what you guys think; your comments mean the most. Thanks again!