back and whispering sweet nothing in my ear. "Making love to someone is more intense than just having sex, I am gonna guess that this was your first time...since there are so many emotions raging inside you" She whispers, I whimper and cried all over again. "S...so that is what this feeling is, my god...I never experience that before" I said finally catching my breath. Lifting my head to look at her, she had the most genuine smile ever on her face. "You are too beautiful to never experience something so precious as this, in time if you let me I can introduce you to a world of things" She says caressing my cheek. "You are too good to be true, you have to be married or something?" As it left my mouth, my whole body seize in fear. "No, I am as single as they come. I did once have a fiancee but she was taken away from me many years ago, these are her tags around my neck. I never take them off, I was in your shoes when I first met her. Never knew about love, never knew that it was more to just having good sex. She taught me love, and how to truely pleasure a woman" I buried my face in her neck. "I don't think I could ever go back after this, it won't be the same" I said into her neck. She squeezed me tighter to her and kissed my forehead. I let my hand lay over her heart as I felt sleep take me over... The next morning, I felt hot and sweaty. Opening my eyes and glancing at the clock, I saw thay it was eleven thirty. Looking down at Bella I couldn't help but smile, my heart was already beating erratically around her. Slowly pulling away from her choke hold, I quickly grabbed her white shirt and threw it on. Her smell immediately washes over me as I smiled making my way downstairs to fix breakfast. Walking into the kitchen, I was met with both Angela and Rosalie. I felt my cheeks heat up when Angela suddenly looked up. "The screaming bitch finally has awakened, I want to meet this girl that had you screaming from the top of your lungs last night" Rosalie said smirking. "Do we know her?" Angela asked as I blushed deeply, flopping down on a stool...I sighed. "Yeah" I said pulling my hair into a messy ponytail, They both rushed me at the same time. "Who?" "I bet it was Victoria! You been trying to hit that since last year. Was it good? Pssh! Of course it was...with all that damn screaming last night" Rosalie said laughing. "What time did you guys get in anyway?" I asked, quickly starting breakfast. "Yeah she must've fucked you good because you never cook breakfast" Angela says smiling. "And to answer your question, around two or three in the morning" Rosalie said pulling the bacon out the fridge. I walked over to the stove when suddenly the kitchen door swung open... Edward and Emmett came busting into kitchen. Blowing out a breath of relief, I quickly started the eggs trying to figure out how I was gonna tell Angela that I slept with her cousin. Bella didn't give me a chance because she came tripping literally into the kitchen with just her bra and black jeans on, her dog tags resting nicely between her breasts. Her jeans hung low on her hips, and she was barefoot. "Bella" "Bella!" Both me and Angela said her name, she rubbed her head as I watched her cheeks turn dark red. "Hey cousin" Bella squeaked out, Angela look between both of us and gasped. "Holy shit! It was Angela's Cousin that had you screaming like that last night...priceless!" Rosalie said smirking... Grabbing Bella's hand and shaking it. "You must have a killer tongue and some magical fingers...my name is Rosalie I'm Angela's new best friend, since your cousin gonna kill Alice in two point five seconds" I groaned mortified as Edward and Emmett both went pale and froze in their seats. "H...How- "I came to this address late last night looking for you, I told you that I was visiting but you must've forgotten. Alice here was kind enough to let me in and wait for you" "Yeah she kind alright, kind enough to let you into her panti- "Rose!" Both Angela and I yelled as Edward covered his ears. "We were drinking and things lead to another, look I'm sorry that you had to find out like this...hell I didn't know cousins were off limits!" I said as Rosalie howl in laughter, Angela glared at me but smiled at Bella throwing her arms around her. Even though she was Bella's cousin, I still felt some type of way watching them hug... "She must've fuck you good, because you look like you want to snatch Angela hair out" Rosalie whispered to me, she did...man I wish I can rewind time. "You have no idea..." I said smirking when Bella eyes met mines. Angela pulled back and jumped in excitement. "How long are you visiting?" Angela asked the million dollar question. I held my breath but gasped when she looked at me. "A couple of weeks, until I'm deployed back to Hawaii...then I'm gone for about a year after that. I wanted to see my favorite cousin before I left" She says smiling down at Angela with so much love. They came over to the table where both Edward and Emmett was glaring at Bella. Bella sat down next to me and I could feel the need to have her again rush through my body. Angela will have to get over it because Bella was not leaving this house until I had her face between my thighs again. These couple of weeks were going to be fun... Had fun writing this little one-shot, Review and tell me how you like it. Thanks for reading.