turned otherwise you will be killed for knowledge of our kind, and I think I speak for everyone here when I say that we do not want you to be killed." Jane, Demetri, Felix, Alec, Marcus and even Caius nodded in agreement. I was touched, they all wanted me to be like them. They all wanted me to stay with them. "Sure," Was all I could manage past my huge grin. Overwhelmed by all my happy emotions, I struggled to keep back the tears that were threatening to spill. In a move so quick that I didn't even see it, Caius was in front of me. His hands gently cupping my face, his thumbs sweeping under my eyes collecting the tears spilt over. Everyone gasped, even Aro. It seems that I bring out shocking responses in people. "Little one, why do you cry?" Caius gently asked me, his eyes filled with concern. "I'm happy, I'm really happy," I beamed up at him. He pulled me to him in a tight hug. Gasps were heard all around. He buried his face in my hair, chuckling softly. "Why is everyone gasping all the time?" I asked in a whisper into his chest, hoping only he heard. "Because we only behave this way around you, it seems you make us act out of character," he whispered to me so that only I could hear him. I could hear the smile in his voice. "Alec, you may release Edward now," Aro said to Alec. Slowly the black fog retreated back into Alec, allowing Edward his senses back. The moment Edward had his sight back, his eyes landed on me. Apparently he didn't like seeing Caius hugging me because once he saw me an inhuman roar came from him as he crouched low ready to attack at any moment. "Edward! Stop!" I admonished him, but he just growled at me. "Bella, get over here. They're not safe," he said as if I was a child. "Edward! I'm fine, see, I'm perfectly safe," I replied calmly hoping it will somehow help calm him. "Love, come here. We will go home," "No Edward, I won't be leaving. I will stay here and I will be changed," "NO! How can you want that?! To give up your soul?! To be a soulless monster! Not just that, but a human drinker !" "I'd have to believe that you are soulless in the first place to believe that I'd be losing mine. And even if I did, it's my soul! I choose what I do with it! Not you! You aren't my father, you're not even my boyfriend anymore! You don't get to make those decisions for me!" by the end of my rant I was shouting, my voice rising several octaves. I was panting heavily. Edward looked like I had just physically slapped him and then kicked his puppy. "Bella please, I beg of you! I love you!" he pleaded. "You love me? YOU LOVE ME!?" I was absolutely furious, "How dare you ! You're the one who left me ! Remember that? You're the one who said you didn't want me! You said that I wasn't good enough, that I was a pass time!" Caius hissed softly into my hair where his face was still buried, "You said you couldn't keep pretending! That you were reigning yourself in to be with a human . You left me in the middle of the forest, broken and feeling worthless. So no, you don't get to say that you love me and make demands of me! When you left me I chased after you for hours ! I ran after you calling your name, begging you to come back until I collapsed from exhaustion. I laid there on the ground until Sam from the reservation found me after Charlie sent out a search party since I was gone so long. I was catatonic for three months after that because I was so broken when you left. It took me three month before I began to get even a semblance of my old self back," My voice had returned to a normal level as my rant slowed down, "Now five months later I have to come save your ass from getting yourself killed because you thought I was dead. I didn't come here because I love you, I still care about you but I'm no longer in love with you. I came her so I can have a clear conscience and officially say goodbye to you." "I'm so sorry love, I didn't realise. I was trying to protect you, I thought leaving you was the best way to keep you safe," "Because that worked so well for you," I muttered sarcastically under my breath. Obviously Caius heard it because he has chuckling softly into my hair. "Well, now that's over," Aro said, glaring daggers at Edward, "by law since you left a human alive with knowledge of us and no intention of turning her, we have to punish you. But I think letting you go so you can live the rest of your existence knowing that you couldn't save Bella from the fate you so desperately tried to should be punishment enough. Felix, Demetri, escort him out." "Goodbye Bella, I will always love you!" Edward said as Demetri and Felix practically dragged him from the room. "Goodbye Edward," I said just loud enough for him to hear. I knees gave out from underneath me, Caius quick to scoop me up into his arms bridal style. "Have Heidi prepare Bella a room, she will stay with me and Athenodora until it is ready," Caius called over his shoulder to Aro as he walked out of the room. His even strides quickly lulled me to sleep. Just before sleep took me I heard Caius. "Welcome to your new life, little one." That's the end of chapter one. I hope you enjoyed it. Let me know what you thought and if I should continue. ~Jess~