is with him and that's the last place she is Embry stopped running when he was in front of Paul's door. "This is the last place anyone would look for Ava," he said to himself and knocked on the door. When Paul got back to his house he went inside and saw Ava was asleep on the couch. He shook his head and smiled and went to put everything up in the kitchen before waking her up to eat. He sat their food containers for dinner on the counter and put the groceries away and then went to wake her up. Paul walked into the living room and knelt down in front of her beside the couch. He brushed her hair away from her face. "Ava," Paul said. "Ava wake up I have dinner," he added. "Ava," he said and gave her a gentle shake. Her eyes opened and he saw her rub them and she looked at him. "Paul," she said and sat up "I didn't mean to fall asleep." "You've had a rough day, its ok," he told her. "But I have dinner, I got chicken," he told her. "Sounds good," she said. "I also got ice cream," he told her. "What kind?" "Chocolate chip cookie dough," he said. "Do you like that kind?" he asked hopefully. "Yes Paul, Its one of my favorites." "I thought it was but I didn't know for sure." "Thank you," she said and stood up from the couch and the two of them went into the kitchen. Paul got them some plates and handed one to Ava. "You get what you want first," he told her. "Ok," she said and walked over and put chicken, mashed potatoes and green beans on her plate and then went to the table. "You can get something to drink out of the refrigerator," he told her and she walked over to the refrigerator and grabbed a soda. "Did you want something?" she asked. "Sure you can grab me a soda if you want," he said and Ava grabbed him a soda and took both of them to the table. She sat down and grabbed her fork and started eating. Paul sat down across from her, with his plate piled full of food and started to eat. Neither one of them talked during the meal and when they were done eating Ava took their plates to the sink and washed them. Paul walked over and stood next to her. "You staying tonight?" he asked softly. "If you don't mind, I don't want to ruin any plans you might have though." She said softly. "Are any date or whatever you may have." "I don't have any plans," Paul assured her. "Do you want a t-shirt of mine or something to wear to sleep in?" he asked her. He usually never let girls wear anything of his, not even his t-shirts but Ava wasn't just any girl to him, she was a girl he could be really happy with if there was even a slight chance she could feel the same way about him. "Are you sure?" "Yes." "Ok that would be great," she smiled. "I'll be right back." Paul told her and walked out of the kitchen. He returned a few minutes later with a t-shirt and pair of shorts and handed them to her. "Thank you," she whispered. "I'll be right back." When Ava got in the bathroom she closed the door and locked it behind her. She looked in the mirror and noticed her eyes were red from where she had been crying, her hair was a mess, she looked horrible, she didn't know how Paul was even able to look at her. Ava turned the sink on and grabbed a washcloth from Paul's cabinet and washed her face. Then she changed into the clothes Paul gave her which of course were too big on her. She had to roll the shorts several times and the shirt hung to her knees covering the shorts he had given her. She looked at her reflection in the mirror she looked ridiculous in Paul's clothes but they were really comfortable. They also smelled really good, like rain, like Paul. She ran her fingers through her hair and let out a sigh. She couldn't believe she was going to stay with Paul tonight and most likely move in with him but where else was she going to go and he offered. Jacob was going to loose it when he found out she was staying with Paul and after tomorrow everyone would know. "Well it doesn't matter anymore because Jake imprinted and he doesn't want me," she said to herself and she saw tears fill her eyes and roll down her cheeks. She wiped her eyes and took a deep breath and walked out of the bathroom. When she walked back into the living room Paul was lounging on the couch watching TV. "Paul," she said and he turned to look at her and he felt his heart start to beat faster. She looked incredibly sexy in his clothes. "I know I look ridiculous Paul, you're clothes are really big on me," she told him as she walked over and he sat up on the couch. "But they're really comfortable." "You don't look ridiculous Ava," he told her as she sat on the couch with him. "I don't," she said surprised and he shook his head. "No you don't," he told her and she smiled as they heard a knock on the door. "Who could that be?" she asked. "I don't know all the guys should be at Sam," he told her and the person knocked again. "Paul its Embry open the door," he said. "He'll tell Jake I'm here," Ava panicked. "I'll go to the extra bedroom." she added and quickly stood up. "Its your bedroom now Ava," he said and she nodded and walked out of the room. When she was gone Paul walked over and opened the door.