was like. I couldn't even remember the name of the forest I was in, where I was in the world…who was I to deny my thirst? What could I possibly deny it for? There was no reason to. I edged closer, my lips curving into a smile at the sight of the man moving in front of his lady, both of them gazing around in concern. Their lips moved, but their message passed unheard. I stepped out of the trees in front of the couple, muscles tight and ready to leap forward. In my head, I was planning the strategy to take out the three humans…wait. Three? My eyes locked on the infant baby, swaddled in cloth in the woman's arms. This was a married couple walking in the woods with their newborn daughter – a baby girl, a new life ready and waiting to start. The couple looked startled to see me, but the smiles on their faces were hesitantly welcome. The man stepped forward, cautious – and he drew back sharply when I locked eyes with him, letting the loose strands of hair swing away from my eyes as I lifted my head. I wondered what they saw in my eyes or my face that made them look so terrified, but the thirst was driving itself hard into my throat – my mouth felt dry, like a desert in summer, and I could feel the hunger roaring inside me. It demanded that I kill the two people in front of me, and their daughter. That little baby girl…I could not kill her. I wouldn't give in to what my body demanded, no matter what it took out of me. I couldn't take the life of such a young girl, so full of hope and promise and life – where I now had no life at all. I was 'undead'; I was likely immortal if I knew anything about vampires. The strength of will that it took to make me leave behind the three in the woods was something that I could hardly grasp in my own mind. I saw them in front of me, and then I was suddenly running, as fast and as far as I possibly could. Trees flashed by at high speeds; the wind threw the rest of my hair out of its upsweep and it trailed long down my back, free and loose. My bonnet flew away into the air behind me, left far behind. I raced, far from the ones I had wanted to kill. Kill. The word rang in my mind. I couldn't remember anything and I had wanted to murder those three because of the thirst I felt. It was surreal and terrifying; I wanted to cry, to weep and wail and bemoan my fate, but I couldn't express myself like that. I simply wasn't able to. The tears pushed at my eyes, but they didn't come, and I felt nothing but anger swamping me. Anger at myself, for wanting to feast on the blood of that small family: anger at the family for being there: anger that I was what I was: anger that I was alone. Fury radiated inside me like a poison. It swelled and grew and blossomed until I felt it break and I collapsed to the ground, spent and weak. I was far too tired to move any further, and certainly too weak to resist any more. I prayed that no human would come by. For a time, it seemed to work; I was alone, panting and trying to figure out what I was supposed to do. Not a single idea came to me in all that time. I didn't even know how long I sat there, alone. My strength was nonexistent when I felt vibrations in my hands and he scent of a human drifted along the wind, right under my nose. I was far too weak to resist springing to my feet and darting out after the single lone human who was wandering in the woods. And I couldn't deny the joy that spread through me when that sweet, rich blood was pouring down my throat. A/N – I don't think there's really all that much for me to say, but I do think I'm going to be rationalizing having Bella give in to the thirst for blood. First of all, she doesn't remember much about her human life – a bit like Alice, but not quite. I'll be getting to the story behind Bella being changed later on in the fic, so I can't reveal too much now except that Bella went through something traumatic before her change that caused her memories to wipe out before she even became bitten. It carried over into her change. Also, yes she is deaf. No, she is not actually mute – she just thinks she is because her vocal cords haven't had time to work yet because she never used them when she was human. They are still functioning and she was born being able to use them. However, she was born deaf and so the hearing cannot be corrected – she simply doesn't have the parts of the ear necessary to hear. That's the way of the story before this. I'm afraid I don't know much sign language, but hopefully when I get to Bella 'talking' you'll understand what I mean by her 'talking' – I have a key, don't worry! I just didn't put it up here because I wanted to start the story, and Bella isn't really able to talk to anyone yet because she doesn't remember sign language. I'm not even sure if it was already created back then or not…if you have any information to help me, I would gladly receive it! As much as I would love to hear what you think of this so far! Sorry the chapter's so short – I think they'll be getting longer in places, but I have a lot to cover. Thanks for reading!