wrong Bella? Don't you like snakes and lizards?" He looked so worried; it made my heart melt a bit. "Well, it's not that I don't like them, I suppose they scare me a little bit." He looked down at Edwards hand and the death grip I had on it. "If I hold your hand too, you won't be scared?" He didn't give me a chance to answer, he picked up my hand and started to drag us over to the nearest enclosure, which was completely enclosed and, according to the sign on the wall, held an anaconda. I immediately paused. Graham noticed my hesitation, but he was having none of it. "Come on Bella, it's behind thick glass it can't get you." He laughed and continued to pull me forward. Not once did he or his dad let go of my hand until we were safely back outside of the reptile house from hell. Yuck! The months past and I slowly became incorporated into this little family. I loved those little boys and I had most definitely fallen for their dad. We admitted our love for each other one weekend when the boys were getting in there grandparent fix for the weekend. Sitting on the deck around the in ground fire pit, I had situated myself on a lounger between Edwards legs. His arms wrapped firmly around me, we were just sitting there quietly soaking up the ambiance, I felt his lips make a trail starting at my ear and ending at the base of my neck. He knew what he was doing, kissing my neck was a sure fire way of getting me going and quick. We ended up upstairs in his bed, fully naked and making out, like horny teenagers. After a particularly long kiss, Edward pulled back. "Bella, before we go any further, I wanted to tell you…I mean I need you to know that I…I love you. I have for a while now. I just could never find the right time to tell you. I don't expect you to…" I knew what he was going to say, he didn't expect me to say it back. I wanted to though. I loved this man completely. "I love you too, Edward. You and Graham and Grayson, before I met you guys I was on my own, you guys came in and let me be a part of your family, and I can't imagine my life without any of you guys." By now I'm on the verge of a full on cry fest. Edward doesn't let me get to that though. He slams his mouth down on to mine, searing my lips with a magnificent kiss, he poured his love into that kiss, and I could feel it in my soul. "Let me make love to you Bella, please. I've told you; let me show you how much I love you." The tears come now; I nod, too overcome with emotion to do anything else. He starts a trail of kisses down my neck, paying special attention to that spot that he knows drives me wild. I can't help but moan and slide my fingers into his hair, holding him to me, hickey be damned. Moving downwards he kisses down to my breasts, he reaches my right one first placing a soft kiss on my nipple first before taking it into his mouth. He licks, nips and sucks, all while using his hands on my left breast. It's a sensory overload and I know it won't be long before I come. He moves his mouth lower now, dipping his tongue into my navel, which causes a squeal to erupt from me. He keeps going, trailing kisses to my left hip down to my thigh, before switching to my right and doing the same. He's teasing me, and it's driving me crazy. I shift, rubbing my thighs together to try and get some friction. "What do you want, baby. Tell me and it's yours." He's slowly running his fingers over my clit; he's driving me to the edge without sending me over. He knows what I want, but I know he'll make me say it first. If I've learned one thing, it's that he loves dirty talk. "I want your mouth on me. Please Edward." I'm not above begging. "Where, Isabella?" Fuck, I love when he uses my first name like that, he gets that domineering tone. "My Pussy! Fuck, Edward please." I'm a crazed woman now, he's driving me insane. "With pleasure." I feel him, his tongue on my most intimate parts, it doesn't take long before I'm plunging over the cliff, spots appear before my closed eyes and I swear I blackout for a few seconds. I feel him moving back up, and then I hear the sound of tearing. I know he's putting on a condom. We'd discussed contraception before and agreed on this method as I didn't like the side effects of birth control pills. He aligns himself with my opening, just before pushing in, he whispers; "I love you, so much Isabella. You are my life now." Full. I have never felt so full, so complete in my life. I truly feel like Edward is the missing piece to my soul. Our love making is slow and passionate. We managed several rounds that night as well as the following morning. Waking up to Edward was something I could get used to. He looked so peaceful in his sleep; he was completely relaxed and looked like he didn't have a care in the world. It was in that moment I realized how truly lucky I got. Who knows if I would have ever met Edward if I hadn't of taken that math class. That lime green post-it changed my life forever. He and the twins have given me a family, something I haven't had in a long time. Snuggling up to him, I vow that no matter what, we will always be together, a family forever.