of hope. Lub-dub, lub-dub, lub-dub. "Forgive me, Kitten," he murmured, I heard that quite clearly. "This will make you feel much better, I promise." Was he going to do it, is that why he was apologizing to me? I remembered the agony of Cane's bite and the fiery hell that consumed my body as his venom took hold and rewrote the molecular structure of every cell in my body. I braced myself for Papa's bite, willing myself to remain still while he sank his fearsome teeth into my tender neck. It would hurt, I knew that from experience, but Papa would surely be gentler than that fiend Cane had been. Lub-dub, lub-dub, lub-dub. Then I felt it, but not a bite to the neck, instead it was a stabbing pain in my hip and then a burning rush as the medicine entered my body. I tensed with shock from the bite of the needle, but as the medicine began to take effect, I felt myself begin to go limp in his arms. His embrace tightened as he took on my weight. Why Papa , I tried to ask but my brain couldn't make my body obey. Moments later, the steady thundering in my chest slowly began fading from my awareness as blackness overtook my world. Lub-dub . . . lub-dub . . . lub-dub . . . Soon I was drifting on the gossamer mist of the dream world and I was reliving the last moments of my happiness. " Sarah, where are you my love?" Ben called out to me in the dream. I slowly got to my feet and shook myself off, the fall must have been some forty feet but I wasn't hurt. One of the perks of being a vampire was virtual indestructibility. I was a little embarrassed though; if I would have paid more attention to Ben's footsteps I wouldn't have fallen. Instead I was distracted by the night symphony of the jungle and by my own excitement at finding the hidden Inca ruins. I felt so . . . Indiana Jones and I smiled as the theme music began playing in my mind. " Down here," I called. Within seconds I heard a loud thud as Ben landed near me. "Ah, a damsel in distress," he teased happily. "Would Milady like some assistance?" " Where are we?" I asked. Our voices echoed all around me just like they had in the maze beneath the Volturi palace. The memory of that long ago trip to Italy made me shudder. " Some sort of grotto beneath the ruined temple," Ben whispered. "I wish you could see little love, this place would take your breath away . . . especially the pool; the water seems to almost glow." Pool, I thought, what pool, and took a deep breath? Water had a very distinct smell that I'd learned to pinpoint because deer and other large animals congregated near it. The scent that filled my nose was confusing; the first note was mustiness which indicated we were underground. Beneath the mustiness, however, was a heady perfume that was pure ambrosia, it made me moan with pleasure. " I know what you mean love," he whispered. "It does smell wonderful." I took his elbow and we began exploring the chamber. Ben was disappointed that there was no lost idol or other such treasure to be had. By his reckoning, someone else must have raided the place ages ago. " Most likely the Spanish," he insisted. Then he made a most unusual suggestion. "How about a little midnight swim my love. The pool looks to be spring fed and . . ." he paused and I heard him stir the water. "The temperature is quite pleasant." " Are you sure it's safe?"I asked as the Indiana Jones music continued to play softly in my mind. I remembered each plot line in glorious detail, and usually these sorts of situations didn't bode well for Dr. Jones. "What if there's a curse or something. You know . . . Abandon all hope ye who swim here!" After all wasn't there always a curse. " Silly Sara,"Ben laughed. Suddenly I found myself being tugged forward by the wrist. The water was pure heaven and we swam for what seemed like hours. Finally I found a rock ledge that allowed me to dangle my feet in the blissful water while I relaxed. I settled myself on it and listened to Ben as he told me yet another fantastical story about his days with the Knights of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem. He must have been feeling frisky, but it didn't show in his voice. Were I not blind, I would have been able to read his mischievous intentions on his face. Without warning Ben grabbed my ankles and hauled me from my perch. So sudden was his childish act that it took me by surprise and I opened my mouth to scream, but before any sound could escape, my head sunk below the pool's surface and my mouth filled with water. I fought to break the surface and ended up swallowing several mouthfuls of water in the process. Ben was laughing at my fury. " You look angrier than a wet cat, Little Love," he giggled. Then the dream began to fade and the hideous rhythm in my chest slowly picked up in intensity. It beat like an Inca war drum and its cadence was the proclamation of my doom. Lub-dub . . . lub-dub . . . lub-dub . . . The water my mind screamed from the black void of unconsciousness, it was the water. I began to struggle against the effects of whatever drug my father had given me. I had to tell Papa about the grotto and the pool. If anyone in the world could figure out what happened to me and fix it, it was my father, my beloved Papa, the brilliant scientist and physician, Dr. Carlisle Cullen.