in shock. It was a good thing. I opened and closed my mouth a few times, my vocal cords seeming to be failing me at this very important moment. I must have looked pretty amusing since I heard Jacob chuckle from his spot standing beside me. He was giving me a car—no, truck ? Holy shit. I didn't think he would actually buy me vehicle. It was a faded red color, with big rounded fenders and a bulbous cap. I absolutely loved it. I didn't know if it would run, but I could see myself in it. Plus, it was one of those solid iron affairs that never gets damaged—the kind you see at the scene of an accident, paint unscratched surrounded by the pieces of the foreign car it had completely destroyed. After a moment, I was finally able to speak. "This?" I asked, unable to help myself from bringing my hands to the truck and running them over the cold and bulky metal. I was star-struck, to put it lightly. This had to be some sort of joke, but I was hoping— praying —that it wasn't. Charlie nodded, smiling, seemingly pleased with the reaction he got out of me. My dad then motioned his head to Billy a bit and patted the truck lightly with his calloused hand. "Just bought it off of Billy here." "Yep." "I totally rebuilt the engine for you." Jacob chimed in after Billy, a smile plastered to his face, much like the one my dad now wore as I scampered my hands across the truck in awe. I looked at Jacob with a large smile spread across my face. "Oh, come on," I said in disbelief and so badly wanted to hug the truck and my dad, though I resisted the latter for now. "Holy—Dad, this is perfect!" I exclaimed loudly and opened the rusty driver side door, it making a robust sound of protest as I did so. As I slid into the seat behind the wheel, Jacob went around to the passenger seat and climbed in. I burrowed myself into the worn, black leather seat and ran my hands over the slick, ivory wheel, getting a feel for my new baby. "Told you he would love it." I heard Billy say triumphantly, his grin still expanded across his face, matching mine perfectly. "I'm down with the kids." "Oh, yeah, dude," I heard my dad say incredulously, as he leaded against the side of my truck, rather arduously. He seemed a bit tired, but I could still see the faint, happy curve to his lips out of the side mirror. "You're the bomb." Jacob was laughing as I practically bounced restlessly and frivolously up and down behind the wheel, making the car jiggle some with my rare stream of hyper-activeness. "Okay, listen," he started, once I composed myself to some extent, "you gotta double-pump the clutch when you shift, but besides that, you should be good." I nodded, sedated, but still smiling like a lunatic as I started up my new baby—I would have to give her a name—and listened to her roar to life. I was a rather grading, demonic and busting sounding and I found myself loving it more than before, even if it was probably very bad for the environment. Mother Nature would just have to deal with my new beautiful monstrosity. Maybe with my new baby, school tomorrow would be less of a Hell-on-earth situation. Forks High School had a frightening total of only three hundred and forty-seven—now forty-eight—students; there had been more than seven hundred people back home. All of the kids here had grown up together—their grandparents had been toddlers together. I am dreading tomorrow, even with my monster truck to comfort me with its roaring. I would be the new guy from the big city, a curiosity, maybe even a freak. Even I had to admit that I was rather strange. Maybe, if I looked like a guy from Phoenix should, I could use it to my advantage. But physically, I'd probably never fit in anywhere. I should be tan, sporty, blond—maybe a volleyball player or something—all the things that go with living in the valley of the sun. Instead, sadly, I am rather ivory-skinned, without the excuse of blue eyes or red hair, despite the constant sunshine I was accustomed to. My skin is also rather fair and soft—much like a woman's—and back home I would often get commented on it, much to my chagrin. I never had an ounce of hair on my face—or anywhere besides my groin, naturally —so I didn't have to shave, ever. My face is as smooth as a babies behind, which at first irritated me, but I soon got over it. Even if I did have the facial hair, I would not be able to maintain it properly. I had always been pretty skinny, but not too much to look unhealthy; I do have a bit of muscle, though it is obvious that I'm not much of an athlete. I don't have the hand-eye coordination to really play sports without humiliating myself—and harming both myself and anyone else who stood too close. I'm kind of lying to myself, it wasn't just physically that I'd never fit in. If I couldn't even find a niche in a school with three thousand people, what were my chances here? I don't really feel like I relate to people that are my age. Maybe the truth was that I don't relate to people, period. Sometimes I wonder if I am seeing the same things through my eyes that the rest of the world sees through theirs. Maybe there is some kind of glitch in my brain. But hey, I just really need to push through. I don't know what this place may hold in store for me, so possibly anything could happen. I might come to like it here—though it probably would take some time. But tomorrow would be just the beginning.