However, they say even the best laid plans can go awry and that is exactly what happened the moment her heart stopped beating. As she watched the chaos around her, she didn't need to be a seer to know things were taking a nose dive for the worst; it was in that moment as she passed by the gateway and the voices of her mother and ancestors calling her to join them that she knew she needed to stay behind in this empty cold plane and watch out for her daughter, as it would be Isabella that would live the harshest of lives. As the years passed Renee fell into a disdain as she watched her husband's actions towards their children. She knew he grieved and she understood why better than any of them did, and she could even blame herself for his madness because if she would have revealed herself, maybe he could have understood the pain better and found strength. But she couldn't blame herself for how he treated their children, most of all Isabella; she thought the magic that bound herself and Joshua would have had him at least treat the last parts of her with nothing but love and care. How wrong she had been. Her husband never took time to come down from his drunken, drug induced state to even try to see through the madness. In that time she had come to see how you can't expect redemption by not atoning for your sins, and she knew that she would have to face hers one day and so would her husband. She knew he was to far gone and that he would never seek redemption on his own, only finding it through the monster he helped create. When the Fates cut his thread and he met Renee, she would be waiting to see him face the redemption of the afterlife. The only pride she had left was in her children. Even through all the pain and hurt, Isabella remained caring, sweet, and fair; and then there was the pride Renee felt in her son, Sam. He had lived by his word to protect his sister and care for her better then she could have ever dreamed of. Even though she saw the anger and bitterness in his eyes, it was always directed in the right place, towards the man that created the hell he forced them into. Never once did he show that disdain in his eyes to his sister; he only ever showed her love and acceptance when he looked at his small sibling. Yet, even at seeing her son's love and devotion, she worried that he would falter somehow as he was so young. With such responsibility would he snap as a teen and breakaway from the burdens of raising a child? And if that happened, how would it affect Isabella? In these moments Renee wished she could reach out to the Fates and demand to see the future they have woven, providing they weren't blinded by Isabella's shield. Renee knew the Fates struggled with her own shield when they tried watching her; but in watching her daughter she could see the shield she possessed was more powerful by far. Renee snorted as she realized even if she could convene with the Fates, it would be useless when it came to Isabella. Her small amount of mortal blood would only give them small glimpses, which would be few and far between into her and those lives around her; and it would remain that way until she raised it. Renee sighed heavily as she reached out and ghosted the frightened features on the young child's face beside her, wishing she had enough energy to spare to let Isabella feel her. Again Renee didn't need to be a seer to know that someday soon she'd need all the energy she had to stand by her little girl. In every part of her soul Renee knew that redemption would be the main focus and drive in her daughter's life, and she knew her daughter wouldn't see redemption for anything other than for atonement. How else would anyone see it who has been wronged by those around her? As much as Renee wished she had seen and done certain things differently and made better choices to spare so much unnecessary pain, she could not regret the action that led to the loss of her own life. For in it she had given the next generation the most important tool - to seek redemption for their clan. The little girl next to her has been told nothing but how much of a mistake, waste and how unimportant she is. But how wrong Joshua is, because the little girl he despises and thinks nothing more than a waste of skin is the savior to not just the Quileute, their clan, but to all life. Renee could hear her daughter's heartbeat increase from the noise below. Scooting closer, she wrapped herself around her baby girl and held tightly even if Isabella couldn't feel it. Renee would be damned if she wouldn't hold her child go through her terror alone. While the precious bundle could never feel her, Renee had never turned her back and never let her daughter go through any of her trauma outside her ghostly motherly arms. Renee would always be right here by her daughter's side through the good, bad, and horrible; she would never falter because dead or not, a mother always remains right here, right by their child's side no matter the distance. Again I'm sorry for the information overload before starting the story. Like I said I'm new to this, and just wanted to make sure I covered all points. Good news is I can say that will be the last large AN for this story. Any-hoot, there you have it I hope you all enjoyed the start of this story, and look forward to following Bella and the others on this journey.