his local east-end pub." "Did anyone tell you you're a condescending asshole?" I raise an eyebrow, because yeah, I am. Since we're getting to know each other, I guess it's better to get it out there sooner rather than later. "No, wait." I conspiratorially lean toward her. "Maybe he's really here to scan the crowd for his next victim. That'd make a real celebration. Rubbing it in the face of the system that couldn't really pin him down before it got too late. Maybe he'll drag her to the street next to yours and –" Her spine straightens and panic seizes her features. "Don't please. No, d on't . I don't want to hear it!" "But what if –" "I'm not listening. La, la, la!" She sticks her fingers in her ear and simultaneously mouths "asshole" at me. I laugh. This is ridiculous. I move around in my stool so, my legs face her. I take a try at sombre even though the look on her face is priceless. "I'm sure they'll find him soon enough. I write for the Telegraph and had an interview with the lead officer this morning. They know what they're doing." " The Telegraph !" She narrows her eyes at me. "Of course you do." More disdainful glaring. I pause. You'd think I'd told her I was the serial killer side-kick, rooting for his clean escape. "You've clearly made a distinct opinion of me." She has no problem enlightening me either. "I figured a magic circle suit, banker boy or trust-fund-brat looking for an easy lay, but instead you're a conservative journalist whose writing about our modern day Jack the Ripper. Daddy can't be too happy." I open my mouth and then close it again. More spot on than I'd like to admit. Suddenly I'm curious about the uncombed, dressed-down-chick. What is her issue? Why is she so ragey? And why is she dragging my father into this? "Are you always this judgemental?" I ask because she just called me out. It's been a long time since anyone has called Edward Cullen out, just like that . "This is nothing. I'm worse when I'm on my period." "Thanks for the detail." "Anytime." She's looking at me curiously now. Her eyes travel from my white Hugo Boss suit-shirt, black skinny tie and jeans – because that's the most formal I'll ever go for a meeting – and further down. She's clearly checking me out in admiration. It happens often. "Nice loafers by the way." Then she fucking snorts. "The girl with holes in her t-shirt is going to teach me about style?" "You're in East London, Made- I n-Chelsea . And it's vintage, not that you'd ever heard of it, preppy." "Ah, is that we're calling it nowadays?" "Yes. Vin-tage," she says like it's a special word. "Also, this…" she points emphatically at herself, "is a girl who took the bus to work, shops at Primark and wears socks with her shoes. Ever heard of 'em?" I chuckle. God she's such a bitch. I love it. I want to nail her even more now. In fact, I insist on it. "And this —" I point to myself and throw her a cocky smirk. "Is what being showered looks like —" She kicks me. Hard. " The fuck – " "You deserved that." I rub at my shin. "Jesus, lady!" I'm bruised. And I'm turned on. Fuck, why am I so turned on? "Hmph," she says angrily. Yeah, I'm going to fuck that cross look right off her face. She taps her fingers on the bar and gets instantly distracted when she spots Rosalie and Emmett in mouth-lock. "Shit. Rosalie! What? Stop that!" she screams across the pub. A few innocent dwellers look our way. They probably thought this was going to be an ordinary, quiet night out with the lads … poor sods. Throwing her hands up in dismay, she slides off her stool with a solemn cock-block look on her face and my bro-code jumps into action. Of course, it does. This is what we do. I tug at the back of her t-shirt. She falls back in between my legs, her back hitting my chest and lower back rubbing my dick. "What are you doing?!" she cries. "What are you doing?" She turns around in between my legs. "She doesn't even know him." "What you've never been kissed on a night out before?" I chuckle. There are four, symmetrical freckles on her nose. "I can change that." "Shut up. She's –" "She's what?" I challenge. "She's my friend, I want her to be safe. It's a crazy time." "He's my friend, I can vouch for him. He's not a serial killer." "And who exactly are you?" I roll my eyes and dangle my arm off the bar. "Someone who wants to buy you another drink." "Why?" she asks suspiciously, still in between my legs. I shrug lazily. "I don't know. I guess I like your company." Liar. Liar pants on fucking fire. Tell her she has nice tits and a fine ass, and I wouldn't mind sticking my dick in between either. I don't of course. I'm much too much of a gentleman. "Fine." She shoots me a warning look."Just so you know, I don't do one night stands. I won't fuck you tonight, so don't even try ." Nodding the bartender over, I shift on my seat so she moves with me. "I wouldn't dream of it, sweetheart." xxxxx So game on. Cocky Londonward or Crazy Bella? Slang definitions: Toff: Often used a derogatory term. Normally to describe a member of the wealthy/ upper classes. Made in Chelsea: A popular reality TV show based on residents of the wealthy Chelsea district of London. Je m'en fous' : loosely translated from French as 'I don't give a fuck'. Twitter: Blueissoul There is another author who will be doing her own take on the article. Keep an eye out for a TBA story by LayAtHomeMom.