could have already met twice before! "It reminds me of the first American mate I had, Thinker Bell," he recounted. "I used to pen her all the time until she said she could no longer pen me back. I was devastated, but I would always remember it as a fond memory." Even before Edward finished his story, Bella was already feeling panicked. "No way," she mumbled. Eyes growing wide again, Edward uttered, "You don't say …?" Gobsmacked, Bella had a hard time closing her mouth when she responded, "I stopped replying because I moved to Phoenix when I was ten; after my mother died. I remembered Peter Pan telling me he watched a documentary about a British soldier sending a message in a bottle across the sea to his wife, and he imitated it. He randomly selected a place to send his letter, and it reached my house." Edward was now the one who was having a hard time closing his mouth at Bella's revelation. "I was lonely as a lad. I was surrounded by adults, and I had no mates. I requested one of our laborers to send my letter to a random home in the States. It was akin to a miracle when Thinker Bell penned me back." It took them even longer to process this new information, feeling something indescribable transpiring at that very moment. It was as though, all along, their lives were intertwined unbeknownst to them, and fate was dealing them a mean hand. They then both reminisced about their fond childhood memories of anticipating the letter from each other, miles away, as they both wordlessly stared into each other's eyes. Bella was the first one to crack. "Oh my gosh, this is … it's just … it's blowing my mind." "Blimey, these circumstances do not happen in real life," Edward mumbled in awe. Then, they both started to giggle. Their quiet voices soon turned into loud laughing, until they were borderline hysterical. Once their laughter died, Edward could not fight it any longer, and he reached for Bella's face. He looked at her, gauging her reaction to what he was about to do. Would it be acceptable to kiss her? However, he got his answer when Bella suddenly stopped him. "Wait, Anthony," she blurted out, looking away from him. Realizing her rejection, Edward removed his hands from her face. "I'm so sorry, I was an arse. I just assumed you fancy snogging me as well, and I …" "No, no, Anthony, it's not like that. It's just that, I just want to say I lied to you." At this, Edward's complete attention was captured. "I wasn't lying about the other things, but I lied about the reason I was jumping from this building. I don't have cancer, and I don't want you to kiss me because you pity me. The real reason why I am contemplating suicide is that my father left me, after owing an enormous debt to some mobsters. He has always been like that, and I just felt as if I couldn't take it anymore." "That's bloody horrible," Edward said, saddened by this discovery. "It was. I'm the one they'll come for to pay my father's debt, so I thought the only way to free myself was to die. Also, I want you to think this through – this 'snogging' me – because, you know, we both are resolved to kill ourselves. How would this influence our decisions? Is this even the right time to be flirting?" Edward took both of Bella's hands in his and rubbed them to get them warm. It was a comforting gesture, and Bella appreciated it. "Bella, I think this is the best time to do this. We only have seconds left – it's the perfect opportunity to do something without thinking it through, don't you agree? And quite frankly, from the moment I saw you struggling to jump, I was already taken with you. You are beautiful, smart, and independent, and in the short time I've known you, I regret meeting you now when it will be the last time of our lives. I don't want to regret not trying to understand this out-of-the-world connection that we have. Don't you also want to regret nothing?" At this, it was Bella who closed the distance between her and the sexy, beautiful British man. And as was suited to their situation, they kissed each other as though it was the last day of their lives. Their kissing started as sweet, and gentlemanly, as was Edward's nature until it became frenzied and heated. It was a cold winter night, but the way they kissed each other could start a fire. Bella was all hands, touching all she could of Anthony; his hair, back, shoulders, arms, chest, neck, and abs. Edward secured Bella with a tight but gentle grip on her waist, holding her as though she was the most fragile thing on the Earth. It was a wonder they kept upright on top of the building's edge. Once they broke apart, it took them a few seconds to breathe normally. "One more thing, Bella," Edward said once he could finally breathe. "I, too, have lied to you a teensy bit." Bella grew alert at this statement and focused her attention on Anthony. "My name is not Anthony Masen. It is Edward Cullen." "Edward Cullen," she whispered, thinking hard about how familiar the name was. "I feel as though I've already heard the name before." "I reckon, yes," Edward answered suddenly looking abashedly at the woman before him. "It is a Royal name." And that's when it finally hit Bella. Why his name sounded familiar … Why his face looked familiar … He was freaking Edward Cullen. "Oh my fucking God," she whispered in awe. She was sure her mouth was hanging open again, and her eyes were popping out in shock. "You are …" "Yes," Edward responded, growing more embarrassed at his admission. "I'm the Prince of England."