view. "Do you think they heard me?" Alice asked us, her face serious. There were footsteps on the stairs, and a quick knock on Alice's door. "Who is it?" She called, closing the window. I rifled through the basket of nail polish, looking for clear polish to use as a topcoat. My hands shook too much to apply color smoothly the way Alice could, but at least no one would notice my shoddy job with the topcoat. "Me," he said, opening the door to reveal his face. His copper hair was pulled up in all different directions, like he'd been grabbing it in frustration. Or like he'd been having the best sex of his life. The thought left a sour feeling in my stomach. I swallowed hard. I'd only interacted with Edward a handful of times since I'd moved to Forks, but ever since I'd seen him, I'd been enamored with his green eyes and messy hair. I laid awake at night imagining crazy scenarios when we might be forced to interact, where I'd be tucked under his arm as we walked down the hallway. There were only two real problems. James would never let me break up with him. And Edward absolutely hated me. "Hey, pixie. Thanks for the distraction. I thought Carlisle was going to tear me a new one." The moment he saw me sitting on Alice's bedroom floor, the smile on his face vanished. He gave me a black scowl, his handsome, sharp features twisted in disgust. "Alice. I thought you were better than hanging out with white trash." Alice's face flushed red the same time mine did. I couldn't tell if she was embarrassed about me or angry for me. I decided that maybe I didn't want to know the answer. Her narrowed eyes didn't even flicker towards me. "Don't talk about Bella like that. Why do you have to be such a dick?" "It's okay," I muttered. My hands were shaking so badly that it took me a few tries to get the top on the nail polish twisted closed. Alice made a noise, somewhere between a scoff and a growl. "Get the fuck out Edward. You come up here to thank me for distracting dad and then you insult my friend? Please escort yourself to the nearest busy highway and play dead." He rolled his eyes and crossed his arms, leaning against her doorframe. The cock of his hips caused his shirt to ride up, showing a sliver of pale skin and a golden dusting of hairs, leading down towards- "Eyes up Swan. Christ. What would James say?" At the mention of his name, the presence of my cell phone on Alice's bed weighed heavy on my mind. How many texts had James sent? Would he be angry? I tried to ignore the man in front of me, turning away from him to grab my phone. I pressed the power button. "Edward, how did Carlisle and Esme's perfect genes come together to create such a little bitch of a son? You're a genetic anomaly," Rosalie said. She went back to lounging on Alice's bed, flipping through the discarded issue of Cosmo. She was the picture of spiteful boredom. "Eat me, Rose ." "That's my line, Ed ." (3) New Messages Instead of reading them, I shoved the phone into my pocket. "I have to get going. Rose, can you give me a ride home?" "Sure." I went to the corner of Alice's room and tugged my worn tennis shoes on, my fingers fumbling with the laces. Rose disappeared inside Alice's walk-in closet to change back into her clothes. She caught my eye, gave a dramatic look towards Edward and pretended to shove her finger down her throat. I gave her a weak smile. "Outside, Edward." Alice dragged him out into the hall and I heard the click of her door. For a few moments, I was alone. I pressed the palms of my hands against my burning eyes and tried to swallow back my shame. Through the thin wall, I could hear every word of their conversation about me. "She's no good, Ali. The rest of the guys on the baseball team, and James, they talk about her. Talk about things she's done. She's no good, and I don't like you hanging out with her." "It isn't your choice who I hang out with! Bella has been a great friend to me, and I don't care about where she lives, what she does in personal time, or how much money she has. I thought mom and dad raised you not to be so judgemental." "I thought they raised you to have better judgement." There was a moment of silence. "Hey. Don't be pissed off. I love you, Alice. I don't care about blood, you're my sister. I don't want to see going down the wrong path. You could do great things with your life." She gave a heavy sigh. "I know, Edward. I know." There was silence and the shuffling. Alice's doorknob rattled and I wiped under my eyes, trying to get rid of any evidence of tears. My fingers came away dry, and I thanked God for small blessings. She looked sheepish, giving me a shaky, apologetic smile. I waved a dismissive hand at her and tried to look unbothered. Rose exited the closet. She offered me a manicured hand and helped me up off the floor. She ignored my sweaty palms and threw her arm around my shoulder. "See you tomorrow?" Alice whispered. I nodded. We swapped half-hearted hugs. Outside, it was drizzling, but in Forks that was nothing new. Our shoes crunched through the gravel as we made our way to Rosalie's car. I gave the house one last glance and could make out Edward's tall, thin shape in the window of the room next to Alice's. I flipped him off, hoping he couldn't see my hands shaking, before I slipped inside the car and closed the door. Anyone interested?