you send me down here for any other reason?" he stressed. The growing confusion in her eyes as well as her emotions was 100% genuine. He knew that sometimes she kept silent out of a desire to protect the future – or out of respect to him and their family, so they wouldn't feel like she was trying to control their lives – but this time she honestly had no clue what he was talking about. "I don't –" Her words transformed into an ecstatic squeal that startled Jasper. "A photo booth! I've always wanted to try one of those!" He watched flabbergasted as she shoved the painting at him, telling him to, "Hold this," before bouncing eagerly towards the booth. He trailed silently behind her, unsure if what had happened with his pictures even warranted a warning. He continued to stay silent as Alice dug noisily through her purse for money, once again staring at the words that said: TAKE A PICTURE OF YOU AND YOUR – "Aha!" Alice exclaimed, triumphantly removing a slightly crumpled bill form her bag. She smoothed it out on the side of the booth and gleefully offered it to the money slot. Nothing happened. There was no mechanical whirr and the money remained unmoving in her hand. Even the gentle hum of electricity Jasper had clearly heard earlier was missing. Alice attempted to force the bill into the slot for a few seconds, before finally giving up. "Oh phooey," she complained. "I guess it doesn't work." Yes it does, was on the tip of Jasper's tongue, but he didn't give voice to it. For some reason, a part of him felt like these pictures were for his eyes only and if he gave them to Alice, the girl would disappear and it would be nothing more than a picture of himself – with the same loneliness lingering in his eyes. "Oh well," Alice huffed. "That's what camera's are for." Her golden eyes twinkled mischievously. "And with this lingerie, Edward is going to have himself one hell of a birthday." Jasper pulled a face. "Ugg." Her smile brightened. "Glad to see you back, Jas." Her hand reached out to touch his elbow. "Are you sure you're alright?" Although his thoughts were still in turmoil, he managed to flash her a lopsided grin. "I'm fine, Ali-cat." She scowled playfully. "Don't call me that, Jazzy ." He chuckled at his equally hated nickname. "Fair enough. Now are you finally ready to go?" "Yes. Unless you..." "No," he interrupted firmly, already walking off. "Spoilsport," she muttered, but gamely followed after him. "You'll let me hide that in your room until Edward's birthday, right?" "Of course," he agreed. "Where else would you put it? In Rose and Emmett's room? We both know that boy can't keep a secret to save his life." Alice chuckled. "I still haven't forgiven him for ruining Rose's surprise party last year." "Your fault for not seeing it coming," he quipped. He yelped when the pointy toe of one of Alice's thousand dollar heels kicked him hard in the shin. "Watch it, Whitlock," she hissed. They finally reached the entrance and Jasper manoeuvred himself sideways, nudging his shoulder against the door. He was stopped halfway through by a hand on his leather clad elbow and shifted the painting in his arms so he could look back at Alice. "Are you sure everything is fine?" she questioned softly. Her gaze was distant – the same inward look she got whenever she was scanning the future. He shifted uneasily, feeling the photos burn a hole in his breast pocket as he wondered if she saw anything. Almost as if hearing his unasked question, her head gave a little shake, and her golden eyes once again focused on him. "I haven't..." she began hesitantly before pausing with a frown. "I don't see anything, nothing that raises any red flags, I mean. But you must've asked for a reason." She scanned his face searchingly. "Why did you ask?" The pictures got hotter. "I..." He couldn't do it. "Since I'm a little overwhelmed today, I just thought that you..." he swallowed down the lump in his throat as he forced the lie through his lips, "... sent me down there because you saw me slipping or something." Immediately guilty (and incredibly relieved that he was the empath in the family and not her) he broke eye contact, knowing that Alice would mistake it for shame at his supposed weakness. She did. "Jas," she murmured, giving him a hug as much as she could around the painting he held. "You really need to have more faith in yourself." She pulled back and patted his cheek, flashing him a warm smile that only succeeded in making him feel even worse. "Now, let's get you home and get you something to eat!" She laughed and winked as she said eat and he allowed a small smile to cross his lips in response. As she chattered at him in a one sided conversation all the way home, Jasper wondered if he would ever tell her or the others about those pictures. He wondered the same thing five days later when Edward questioned why he kept singing the lyrics to 'Brown Eyed Girl' in his head. And again five weeks later when he was giving Esme a small porcelain 'Mother' figurine for her birthday instead of the picture he had originally intended. And yet again five months later when Emmett finally called him out for staring at every brown haired girl they encountered. He was still wondering five years later – his hope that this girl actually existed as faded as the pictures were at this point– when Carlisle suddenly announced that he had accepted a new position. In a small, sleepy town called Forks. Hmm... so, 'Take a Picture of You and Your...' Was Jasper right, did it really say friends at one point? And why wouldn't it work for Alice? Any guesses? ;D