out of breath, the older boy pulled his dick out of his ass. "Turn over." Jacob commanded. Seth quickly did as he was told and turned, laying on his cum-stained stomach, staining the bed sheets even further. Jacob crawled up onto the smaller boy, gripping his waist from behind. Seth quickly rose, propping himself up on the bed by his forearms and knees. Getting into doggy-style position. Of course two wolves would fuck in this position, Seth thought to himself. "Do it! Fuck me Jacob." Seth said as he stared back at the older boy who was mounting him from behind. Jacob gave him a dark grin as he kept his grip on Seth's hips. The older boy wasted no time as he pointed his hard, throbbing cock against Seth's hole, much looser now than it was originally thanks to Jacob. "My pleasure." Jacob answered. Seth bit his lip, waiting in anticipation for Jake to shove his cock back inside him. The older boy backed his hips up slightly before delivering a powerful thrust forward, shoving his nine-inch dong back up inside Seth's ass. "Oooooh FUCK!" Seth cursed as his entire body was pushed forward by Jacob's hips, the large dick that he loved penetrating him once again. "Unhh Seth!" Jacob grunted as he fucked Seth, mounting him like the little bitch he wanted him to be. Finally Jacob could release all the sexual frustration he'd had built up, all of which he was unloading onto Seth as he fucked him rough and hard. The sound of sweaty skin slapping against each other with each thrust was making Jacob so horny. "Ahhhhh! Jake!" Seth moaned as he pressed his face into the bed sheets, feeling Jacob fuck him into the bed as his got pounded. Jacob returned to the same speed he had been doing earlier, making Seth scream for him as the older boy dominated him. "Aw yeah Seth! Say my name!" Jacob moaned as his hard cock drilled into the smaller boy. Jacob watched as Seth's ass jigged every time his hips slammed against it. "Oh fuck! Jacob! JACOB! I LOVE YOU JACOB!" Seth screamed uncontrollably as he pressed his ass backward, thrusting against Jacob's thrusts. Clenching his ass around the large appendage. "Y-Yeah! That's it! Unhhh I'm- I'm gonna cum!" Jacob yelled as he pounded the young wolf's ass. Feeling his second orgasm quickly building up inside him. "Cum inside me Jake! Fill me with your cum!" Seth yelled out as he arched his back, throwing his head up as Jake's large penis fucked him. The older boy took the opportunity to grab Seth's hair from behind. Pulling at it as he fucked him. "Ughhh!" Seth groaned. Jacob felt his whole body tense up as he was driven over the edge. "Aw, Seth! I'm cumming! Uahhhh!" Jacob screamed as he shoved Seth's head down onto the bed, the older boy bent over onto Seth's sweaty back, using all his weight to ram into the young wolf with all his strength. Finally Jake's balls began to tighten up as his cum began to flow. Jacob gave a few final thrusts into Seth's ass before burying as deep up inside the smaller boy as he could. "I'm CUMMING! UNH, S-SEEEEEEEEETH!" Jacob yelled at the top of his lungs as he pushed upward, flexing his ass as he forced his cock inside Seth, making him scream. Jake's entire body jolted with every shot of thick cum that came blasting out of his dick and into Seth's anal canal. "Haa! Oooh Jake!" Seth moaned, out of breath as he felt the hot, thick liquid seep into his ass. Filling him up as Jacob planted his seed inside the young wolf, making him shiver with pleasure as their bodies became one. Jacob kept himself locked in a thrust, his mouth gaping open in his o-face as his balls emptied into Seth's ass. As his dick began to go soft he quickly retracted it from the smaller boy's hole, watching as his cum flowed out of Seth's ass and oozed down his thigh. Jacob fell over onto his pillow beside Seth as he came down from his orgasm, arms folded behind his head. Jacob panted hard, exhausted. Seth quickly joined him, nuzzling his head onto Jacob's sweaty chest, his head resting on the older boy's armpit. The two boys laid there together completely naked and cum-stained in absolute bliss. Seth nuzzled his nose against Jake's skin, taking in that beautiful musky scent as he rested his hand on Jake's peck, making small circles with his fingers. Jacob opened the front door for his new fuck buddy, or "butt-brother" as Seth put it. As the young wolf walked past, Jake gave his ass a playful smack. Making Seth smile back at him as he exited the Black residence. "So you're coming to the wedding right?" Seth asked, turning back to Jacob who was leaning against the archway of the door with his arms crossed. "Yeah, yeah. Whatever you say Seth." Jacob replied, with a small grin on his face. "And ... same time tomorrow?" Seth said with a hopeful smile. "I'll be here." Jacob replied, smiling back at the young wolf. "Alright I'll be sure to come." Seth said as he waved goodbye and turned his back to Jacob. "Yeah you will." Jacob remarked to himself lustfully as he went back inside and closed the door behind him. Seth began his walk home with the biggest smile on his face. Just thinking about what would happen tomorrow gave him butterflies. The young wolf walked on happily, whistling a tune as he headed home. A/N: Gee, no wonder Seth was so eager to join Jacob's pack when he left Sam. Anyway I hope you guys enjoyed this, I've yet to decide whether or not I'll add more to this or not. Let me know what you think and don't be shy to leave a review! I love the feedback . Thanks again for reading. Xoxo