believe," she murmured under her breath. He grinned at the compliment; even if it was supposed to be unheard. It worked wonders towards healing his fractured ego. "Well," she said gamely and he heard her throat muscles working as she took another sip, "lay it on me, cowboy." The playful lilt of her words, along with the nickname, encouraged him to finally lift his head and face her fully. His breath hitched when he got his first real look at her. She was exquisite. He noticed her eyes first. They were dark brown– almost an exact match to her hair – and sparkled with humor and a genuine openness that he had never really come across before. They were set in a thin, slightly heart shaped face with pale skin – enough to be considered porcelain – dusted with pink high on her cheekbones. But not by artificial means. Jasper suspected it was a flush from the warmth of the whiskey she had one dainty had wrapped around, her green polished nails tapping lightly on the glass. In fact she didn't appear to be wearing any makeup other than a thin layer of clear lip gloss, which immediately drew his attention to her pouty – and undeniably biteable – lower lip. The dress she wore dipped slightly in the front – just enough to show a hint of her cleavage – and a silver necklace, with a small, amethyst moon dangling from the end of it, rested just below her collarbone. "Cowboy?" he asked, quirking an eyebrow. The pink in her cheeks became more pronounced as her lips curled up into a shy smile. "I can hear the drawl in your words," she admitted. "Sounds like you got a little southern in you." Jasper chuckled wryly. If only she realized what a perfect segue she'd given him for the dreaded last line. "Are you sure you wanna hear it? It's pretty terrible." She nodded. "Promise you won't hit me?" She grinned and crossed her fingers over her heart. He sighed. "Pretend that southern comment was the last thing you said." She nodded again, leaning slightly towards him with intrigue and causing the thick waterfall of her silky brown hair to spill over her shoulder and lightly brush his arm. He shivered at the sensation and tilted his lips in a flirtatious smile – genuine this time despite the warring embarrassment of what he was about to say. "Do you have a little southern in you?" he asked, smiling weakly when she shook her head. "No? Would you–" "– like too?" His eyes widened when they finished the come on simultaneously, a large grin on her pouty lips. Her hand rose to said lips, clasping over them to muffle her giggles. "Sorry," she sputtered. "I couldn't resist. Were they all that terrible?" Jasper felt relief rush through him when she didn't run, didn't look disgusted and, taking a quick check of her emotions, was still attracted to him – even more attracted to him it seemed. "Worse," he confirmed with a grin. "And it was you friend that put you up to this?" "It was getting pretty close to ex-friend for a while." "But not now?" Jasper met her warm chocolate eyes steadily. "No," he said softly. "Definitely not now." Her eyes lowered, that same blush staining her cheeks. Her emotions were suddenly awash in nervousness before being replaced by resolve just as quickly. "Is it alright if I try a line now? Granted, it's nowhere near as clever as yours," she teased. "Some might consider it pretty bland." "Try me." She twisted in the bar stool until her knees were touching his. Jasper could feel her body heat through the thick fabric of his jeans. She raised her right hand and the dim lighting glinted off a thin silver bracelet with a small, silver swan charm dangling from it. "Hi, I'm Bella. Bella Swan." He raised his own hand to engulf hers and traced his thumb gently over the small trinket, grinning at the significance. "It's nice to meet you, Bella," he murmured, not letting go of her hand. "I'm Jasper Whitlock." -oo- "Wasn't this all a bit excessive?" Charlotte mused, twirling her finger around the rim of her untouched wine glass. "What do you mean?" Peter asked innocently. She gestured towards the couple that were clearly enthralled with one another. "Well, that's her, right?" For his sake it better be, she thought sourly. She had been ready to pull the plug on the whole thing hours ago, but Peter had insisted she trust him. Only because she had desperately wanted Jasper to find his other half – because, really, no one deserved it more than him – and knew that Peter did too, did she reluctantly agree to it. But it she had been hard pressed not to tear into those females, and her mate, for slowly putting that look of doubt – doubt in himself – in his eyes. "Is it?" he said in that smug, 'I told you so' voice that never failed to get on her nerves. There was a dull crack as Charlotte kicked his leg under the table. "Ow," he complained sullenly, rubbing the spot her foot had connected with. "Was that really necessary?" Charlotte smiled benignly. "What do you mean?" she mimicked. She laughed when he pouted and pressed a swift kiss to his lips. "I promise to kiss it better when we get home." "Well, in that case, I'm pretty sure your foot grazed my crotch." Charlotte sighed loudly and closed her eyes. "One...two...three..." Yeah, so any HP fans will probably be like, 'It should be RON and Hermione in that pick up line'. Yeah, no... no it shouldn't. I hate Ron almost as much as I hate Edward. Like PPDPUL, I wanted Jasper to do a LOT more lines, but, when it comes down to it, no woman would really turn down Jasper, cheesy lines or not. Am I right? :D