it was to no avail.. The wolf's more primal and baser instincts were taking over now and his nose was demanding that he follow the scent trail. " What the hell is happening to me, Uley?" the wolf thought as he glared at Sam, angry. He wasn't sure what was going on, if this was some sort of step in the process of becoming a shapeshifter or something, but he didn't like it, the way the wolf in him just sort of took the helm and totally left his human side out of things. Whatever this smell was, it was enticing him, enchanting him to follow it, find it, see it.. Sam chuckled a little, the chuckles came out as a series of barks. He thought back to the newest member of the pack, "You're imprinting. We'll pick this up in a few minutes.. Just go already, damn it, follow your nose.. If you don't now, you won't ever focus on what I'm telling you about patrolling the woods and protecting our people." " Didn't think I needed your permission." the wolf thought as it broke from the two other wolves present, took off after the scent. He found himself just a few feet away, standing in the treeline that ran along the back of a house.. The house was white, it was a smaller 2 story with a hip high picket fence surrounding. The fence was a suggestion to him. The scent trail wasn't ended yet and the wolf was determined to follow it. The door opening on the side of the white 2 story house posed a huge problem and the solution to that problem because almost as soon as he saw her, he knew.. She was the source of the scent trail he'd been smelling just now. She was his and nobody else's. His vision tunneled and images like those from a movie or something bombarded his stream of consciousness. He could see her, he could see them, he could see everything. He felt as if everything he'd been before just sort of fell to the ground after being torn and stripped away. He was bare bones and raw nerves. She held the knife that tore and stripped away the pieces of his former self. She held his heart in her hands, beating, only she alone had the power to cherish it or break it into a thousand pieces. The wolf's human counterpart would die before admitting this because he was nothing if not the epitome of male dominance. With his enhanced wolf vision, he could see the tears in her eyes.. He hung back behind the bushes, just out of sight and watched as the 5'2 absolute center of his universe lit something in a baby blue metal wire trash bin on fire and cried, no, she sobbed.. He recognized her, he'd seen her around the reservation quite a bit with another boy who Sam thought would eventually become a member of the pack, Jacob Black. More recently though, he'd seen her hanging around the search party gathered in the woods to find her older sister.. He'd seen the pained look in her soft bluish green eyes when Jacob emerged, carrying her older sister in his arms. He'd seen the way she ran to him and hugged him, expressed her worry over her older sister and her worry over Jacob, who seemed to sort of just barely acknowledge Kylie's attention to him. The kid seemed to be good at ignoring his actual girlfriend and chasing her big sister's ass.. And the human counterpart of the wolf currently imprinting on Kylie, the girl in question.. He'd been almost painfully aware of Kylie Swan for a month or better now.. And he'd seen the way Jacob treated her.. He'd seen the way Jacob sort of neglected her lately in favor of her sister. The anger surprised him as it fought to the surface.. Had that little shit made her cry? Sam's Alpha voice broke through his thoughts and he heard him saying "Okay.. Whoa.. Calm down. Let's not assume anything yet. For now, though, I believe it's best if you stay clear of Jacob Black.. And your imprint." " The fuck? Who the hell do you think you are, Uley.. Look, I didn't sign up for this shit.. And you're not takin her from me. This is probably the only good thing about being a shifter, damn it. I get her. I just.. I need her.. Okay?" " I know.. But I needed Emily and look what I did to Emily when things got a little too intense because I had no one to teach me how to properly control my anger.. You can see her now and then.. But you have to keep your distance as much as possible." He heard Jared's thought, "Okay buddy, let's not fight.. We're a pack, remember? And we gotta learn this so we can show the others when they finally phase and join us." and it served to calm him just a little. He stared intently at Kylie, Jacob's girlfriend and a long howl ripped from his throat and echoed into the night as he turned and ran away to join his pack, to finish learning what he was responsible for as a shapeshifter. He'd see her around, he was almost ninety percent certain of it. She was after all, dating that little shit Jacob Black... It was a matter of right place, right time and using any opportunity he got to see her and get to know her to do those things. All he had to do was pick his moment and approach accordingly. The wolf was nothing if not confident and bold, unafraid of little things like messing up a first meeting. " Until I figure out a way to get her to myself.. She won't cry with me. So help me, God, I'm gonna do whatever it takes to make her happy, to protect her and love her.."