a consequence was always jetting all over the place for some reason or the other. I hadn't seen her in a year and a half, so it was with genuine affection that I returned her hug. I'd managed to pull myself together enough to function in public, and by the time Nina had called me down for food, I'd slid a mask in place and pretended that everything was perfectly alright. Pretending was something I was good at, so it was no trouble to simply smile and look normal. "Oh, and you're absolutely gorgeous, just look at you!" She told me, forcefully turning me around to get a better look at me, and I caught sight of Nina grinning in amusement from her spot a few steps away. "My goodness, you'll be breaking hearts all around, mark my words." My aunt declared I laughed, because yeah I was pretty enough, but certainly not to the point that she'd described. "Thank you, though I'll never be able to compete with you, Aunty." I answered, and she tittered happily. "You're so good to me, habibi ," she said. "How was your flight? It wasn't too long was it?" She asked worriedly, and I couldn't help but snort. "Not long at all." I replied, and she linked our arms, nodding as she led us to the dining room. "Did you thank Nina for picking you up from the airport? I wanted to do it myself, but unfortunately I had other things to do." She told me apologetically, sitting down at one of the chairs and pulling me down with her. Before I could talk, the blonde in question intercepted, sitting across from me. "You don't have to thank me, Noë, it was a pleasure." She said and I smiled at her gratefully, even though it didn't actually happen. It was the thought that counted in the end, I supposed. "Eat with me, Nina makes the best food, you know that." My aunt ordered, opening one of the dishes that were on the table. "Oh no thank you, Aunty, we've already eaten." I replied, and as true as her statement was -because Nina really was a damn good cook- I was stuffed to the brim. I'd been eating with Lucy before I'd 'arrived' here, and to avoid Nina's concerned looks I had to eat a sizable portion as well, plus desert. My aunt frowned as she dished for herself, the smell of exotic spices rising up "Oh come now, not even a little?" She tried, and I shook my head. "I think if she eats anymore, the poor girl might explode." Said Nina laughingly. Aunty Zaho nodded in understanding, breaking off a piece of flat bread and scooping up some lentils with it. "Have you called your mother yet, to tell her you've arrived?" She asked, and I faltered. They saw it, "Oh habibi , I know you're angry with her, but she really is doing it for your own good." The olive eyed woman said, "I think it'll do you some good to stay here, get a breath of fresh air." "It takes a bit of getting used to, but Forks can be a really nice place if you give it a chance." Nina chimed in, making my aunt nod in agreement. "I'll call her soon." Was all I said, tapping my fingers on the table thoughtfully.. Regardless of my situation, I preferred to avoid my mother if I could, but even I couldn't deny that she'd be useful to help me get my bearings. I would call her, just not immediately. "Are you excited for school tomorrow?" My aunt asked interestedly, and I paused. "School?" I echoed dumbly, not understanding what she meant. "Mhmm," she hummed affirmatively as she chewed, "Everything is sorted out already, I made sure to register you in all your favorite classes. I know attending Public School can seem a little scary, but you'll enjoy it I'm sure." "If you want I can go with you tomorrow?" Nina offered, but I was still lost. Were they expecting me, a first year university student, to go back to highschool? I didn't understand. What type of faux reality was this? But when I looked at the two of them, so calm and sure of their words, I could only swallow in an attempt to moisten my suddenly dry mouth, and shake my head haltingly. I had a feeling that it would be better for me to go along with everything for now. "No thank you, I can manage on my own." "If you're sure..." The blonde woman didn't seem convinced, so I forced myself to laugh. "I'm sure. What will everyone think if I still need an adult to hold my hand on the first day?" Both women joined me in my laughter, much to my relief. They seemed to believe my excuse. Taking the opportunity that presented itself, I decided to retire while the mood was still light. "I'm exhausted, so I think I'm gonna head on to bed." I said, standing and stretching pointedly. "Oh yes I can imagine, you've had a long day. Go on and get some rest, you have to wake up early after all." Aunty Zaho said agreeably, shooing me away with her free hand. "Goodnight Arsinoë." Nina said, and I smiled a little. "Goodnight." I fled as fast as I could without seeming weird, only relaxing after shutting the guest bedroom door (or well, my bedroom now). I leaned against the wood a sighed wearily, relieved to finally be left alone to my thoughts. This whole situation, was quite literally, a mess. There was no other way for me describe it, nor did I have any idea how to fix said mess. All I wanted was to be back home, curled up next to my best-friend on the couch and munching on unhealthy snacks as we watched Tolkien movies and spoke broken Elvish like the nerds we were. "Ra help me." I groaned.