it was because it was my first night in the new house, or that we lived next to a fucking forest but a wave of paranoia came over me. If I were being rational, I'd realize that this was a small ass town where everybody knew everybody. I'm pretty sure my Nana would've told us about any stalker or serial killer living in the area. Because I'm me, unrealistic fear washed over me as I heard another rustle. Now, I'm not proud of this, and if anyone ever asked I'd deny it but I actually threw myself on my bed and brought the covers over my head. I don't ever remember being such a pussy. The rustling continued and I tried to pinpoint where it could be coming from and what could be causing it. The tree just outside the house? My sisters doing God knows what in the next room? Some kind of pipe problem? A ghost? Rapists coming to kidnap, torture, then murder me? I slowly reach my hand out to feel around my bedside table for my phone. When I find it, I quickly pull my arm back under the blanket and dial the first number I can think of. "You've got to be shitting me." a feminine voice mutters then sings into the pone "Helloooo?" "Henley?" I whisper. "Um, yeah?" she whispers back "Why are we whispering?" I peek out from under my comforter and look around my room "There's a rapist outside my window." There's a long pause and then "Excuse me?" I tell my sister what happened and she listens patiently. That's the thing about Henley, no matter the circumstances or how ridiculous the situation she is always willing to hear you out "Well. It's definitely someone looking to steal your innocence." She says dryly. "Shut up ." I sit up "Should I go check it out?" says my mouth without my brain's permission. "It's probably nothing, P. I'll stay on the phone with you while you look." She's silent for a second and then a distinct pounding noise comes through her end "Ok, go ahead." Bless her soul "Thanks," I toss the covers from my body and stand, looking around the room for something to defend myself with. I grab one of my only pair of heels from my unloaded shoe box. Shut up, ok! You have no room to judge. I have no idea what's out there and I'm pretty sure a three inch heel through the chest would kill about anyone. I throw on a hoodie and some flip flops and head outside. When I quietly shut the back sliding door behind me, Henley asks "You outside?" "Yeah." She sighs "You brought a weapon, didn't you?" I move my phone so I can look at it and make a face "A shoe, yes." She laughs "Oh great. You're set for a spider invasion." I huff and continue looking around my backyard "You know, I'm getting real tired of your shit, Henley. I'm probably about to get murdered out here and when the cops ask you the last thing you said to me, you're gonna regretfully say-" I cut off when I heard the familiar rustling coming from the woods "Did you hear that?" I squeak. "If you're talking about my neighbors having violent intercourse, then yes." There was some shuffling on her end and then some insane banging "Hey! Calm the fuck down! If I wanted to hear this much moaning and banging I would've rented Rise of the Planet of the Apes. Shut up before I call the cops!" I would've laughed but I was too busy pissing myself from fear and my oh-so-supportive sister wasn't exactly helping. I continued slowly creeping toward the forest and gripped my phone tightly "Henley!" I whisper-yelled "It's coming from the woods." "What? Hang on, P, I can't hear you because of these banshees next door fucking like there's no tomorrow." There's faint pounding noises before Henley speaks again "Can you hear that? Are they having sex on the goddamn wall or something? Jesus." I was only half paying attention to Henley's rant as I crept closer to the sound. I could hear my heart pounding in my ears and feel my blood running cold. I had pinpointed the noise, something or some one behind a big shrub on the edge of the woods. "Let's move to Forks," she said "It'll be great," She said. I can only hope mom moves the family after my death. Save them from my fate. I hope Henley becomes the best song writer America has ever seen, I hope April gets over her stupid hipster stage. I hope Lissa somehow finds a way to remove the stick from her ass. I hope Madyn discovers tweezers and plucks those caterpillars on her face and I pray to sweet baby Jesus that doctors figure out how to do a successful brain transplant. That's Vera's only chance. I had finally reached the bush where the noise in question was coming from. Henley was still screaming at her sex addict neighbors so I was on my own. I reached a shaky hand toward the large shrub to pull it out of the way. I took a few deep breaths as the bush rustles once more. I berate myself for being such a girl for a moment then quickly, before I change my mind, pull the shrub away. I think the saddest part of this little adventure was the fact that I didn't even take into consideration that my rapist could be a little woodland creature. A small, brown rabbit hopped out of the shrub and back into the forest. If this shit kept happening, I'd be moving in with Henley. Living next to a porno is better than living next to a zoo. Like I said up top, I lose interest easily so if you want me to continue please review. Ok, I'm gonna go now. So fucking REVIEW! Please. (: -Blondie