mind had, evidently, broke. The rage flowing through Sam dissipated and left him exhausted. He sat his butt on the ground and wiped his face with his hand, and sighed, "What the hell?" "It's not like I wanted it to happen," Leah whined, she was torn between feeling like she was in trouble with Sam for imprinting on Bella and feeling like she should protect Bella from Sam. He raised his head and looked to her. "I know, don't worry about it for now," he tried to smile at Leah, but he couldn't. "That's not possible!" conclusive proof that Jacob's mind had stuck. Jared was the one who got things back on track, "What do we do now?" Sam looked at him. He was right when he called. Nothing about this is normal. "This is what we will do," he started, standing up and dusting his shorts off, he turned to Leah, "Leah will take Bella home with her and keep an eye on her," Leah nodded to that, then he turned to Jared, "you will resume your patrol," Jared nodded to that, then Sam turned to Jacob and smacked him on the side of his head, "and you will take over Leah's patrol for the rest of the night," Jacob scowled, but nodded, his mind apparently unstuck. "Okay, Leah, Bella and I will take this to the elders after lunch and let them deal with it." Everyone nodded to that, even Bella. "Right, let's go." All four of the shifters removed their clothes while Bella retrieved her cellphone, then they shifted. Jared and Jacob took off on patrol. Sam turned toward La Push, Leah hesitated. She looked at Bella, an almost pleading expression on her furry muzzle. The two wolves started off, and Bella, still confused, followed after them. Jacob fumed for a minute before something popped up. He was curious, You chewed through a tree? Leah and Jared groaned. It was a relatively easy pace Sam and Leah set, one that Bella was able to easily keep up with. It didn't take long to reach the Clearwater's house. Bella looked at the large black wolf, "Jared mentioned Leah imprinted on me, what does that mean?" Leah took the opportunity to phase and put her t-shirt and shorts back on, and blushed as Bella mentioned her imprinting. Sam phased back and stood proud, not embarrassed about his nudity, though Leah did start growling. It was a deep, rumbling growl emanating from her chest in warning. Sam didn't even flinch, he wasn't interested in the leech. "It's too late in the night and I'm too tired to get into a conversation that deep with a leech." And with that, he phased, turned, and was gone. Bella turned to Leah, and her low, threatening growl abruptly cut off. She stared at Bella and had this feeling as if she were wagging her tail in anticipation. Like a puppy. 'What the hell?' she thought to herself. "You were growling, Leah," Bella pointed out, her mouth pressed into a line yet her eyes spoke of confusion, "why?" Leah blushed again. Did she really want to explain that she felt protective and possessive of Bella because Sam was standing there naked? No. No, she really didn't. "Uh- Well- I-" she stuttered to the beautiful vampire before her, then evaded, "come on, we can't be standing out here." She heard Bella sigh as she turned to the back door of the house, the sound almost broke her heart, but explanations will have to wait until later. She opened the door and turned to Bella, "Everyone's asleep, so we need to be quiet. Let's not wake them up, I don't want to deal with them yet." Bella nodded, and whispered, "Okay." That whispered word sent a shiver through Leah, she tried to ignore it. Leah moved quietly through the house, she had to turn to check if Bella was following her a couple of times, the vampire made absolutely no sound at all, but she followed her. She led Bella to her room and closed the door after her. Bella sat on the chair at her desk. "No," Leah told her as she sat on her bed, "you're getting in bed with me." Bella smirked as she took off her boots, "Oh, really?" The words Leah spoke took a second for them to register, then she started to sputter, "I-I mean, um, I have to keep an eye on you and, uh, I can't, do that when you're over there, while I'm sleeping." Bella giggled slightly, the musical sound sending shivers through Leah, as she stood and dropped her khaki cargo pants, "Whatever you say." She sauntered slowly over to Leah's bed, swaying her hips with every step. Leah was completely enraptured by the alluring vision of sin in front of her. Her legs, oh God, her legs. She was sure she was drooling over Bella's perfectly shaped, perfectly sexy legs. Oh, what she wouldn't give to- She mentally slapped herself. Leah slipped under the blankets as she watched Bella walk to the other side. Her eyes never leaving Bella's perfectly round, mouth watering, panty clad ass. Those panties really have to- 'What the hell is wrong with me?!' Leah shook herself and looked away. She felt the bed lurch slightly as Bella slipped under the covers. She turned and slid her arms around Bella's waist. Her eyes closed and she sighed as the feeling of Bella's cool body against her own overheated body was just perfect. She felt content. She didn't even notice herself say, "There, better." She didn't hear Bella laugh lightly. She didn't notice that she slipped her leg over Bella's, and she didn't notice the low rumbling coming from her chest. She was just lost in how content she felt with Bella in her arms as she slipped into blissful dreams. For Bella, feeling Leah wrapped around her, feeling her warmth, and listening to Leah's contented rumble, she finally felt at home.