tux on and he looked perfect. When we got to the gym where the prom was being held, Alice was right, all eyes were on me. Many girls all ran up to me asking where I got my dress. I told them I made it and they ask if I could make them their prom dresses for next year. They all promised to pay me. I couldn't stop smiling all night. But the best part was slow dancing with Edward. " Are you ready for tonight?" I knew what he was asking. We had promised to lose are virginities to each other tonight. " Yeah I am ready." I smiled up at him. " Ok let's go." Edward had booked us a hotel suite to use for the night. When we got to the room it was covered with rose petals. And candles lit everywhere. " Oh Edward it's perfect. Thank you." I said. " I thought that our first time should be special." He turns and started kissing me with so much passion and love. He found the zipper of my dress and pulled it down. Then he undoes the buttons at my neck for the straps. My dress just slides off my body leaving me in just my underwear. I unbutton Edward's pants and his shirt. He takes them all off. We were both just in our underwear. We started kissing again and his hands found their way to my bra hook. After unhooking it he took off my panties. I in return pushed his boxers down. We moved over to the bed and he laid me and lied on top of me. He reached over my head to grab a condom. He put it on himself and lined up with my entrance. He started to push into me slowly. When he broke through my barrier a tear slipped down my cheek. He kissed it away. That night he was gentle and loving it was a night I would never forget. About a week late I get a letter from Chanel. Dear Ms Swan. We have seen one for your designs and loved it. We are hoping that in three months you will come to New York to show us more designs. We are hoping to see at least ten different styles of dresses. You and any people or models of your pick will have first class plane tickets and will be staying in a top New York hotel. The trip will be all expensed paid of course. We hope you will come. Contact us as soon a possible. Kind regards Chanel. Oh my god Chanel just told me they want to see me in person and with my designs. Shit, I have to make ten more dresses. " MOM." I screamed. " Yes honey." She ran up to my room. I gave her the letter. She screamed after she reading it. "Ah. Honey you get to go to New York and meet the people in charge of Chanel. Oh My God we have to tell your dad when he gets home. Can I come? Please?" My mom has official lost it. She started jumping up and down on the spot. " Mom. I have to make nine more dresses in three months. As well as get models and I have to make sure the dresses fit the models perfectly." Oh god this is going to take forever. The next day I called Edward to come over. When he knocked on my bedroom door I jumped up to greet him with a huge hug. " I got a letter from Chanel. They want to see me in three months and I want you to come with me." " I knew they would ask to meet you." He said. " What do you mean?" I asked. " I sent away your design to a few fashion designers. I guess Chanel was the one to answer." " You were the one that got me this opportunity. You are the best. I love you so much." I put my hand on my mouth the second it came out. I have been in love with him for a few years now but I had never said anything until now. " I love you too Bella." He leaned in and kissed me. The next day I went to the principles office to ask him to read something out at the assembly. " Bella Swan is looking for eight people to model her dresses in New York in three month. The eight people have to be free at any time for fitting. There will be a sign up sheet for people. Thank you for your attention have a good day." The principle said. By lunch I had my seven models and add Alice that is eight. A month later I had all the designs done and half of the dresses sewn and completed. We were to have all the dresses done soon. Alice was due to come over to get her dress fitted. She was going to wear a red strapless and backless with a black ribbon under the bust tying into a bow at the back it stopped just above the knee. It looked perfect on her already. Two months later all the girls and Edward were with me on the plane to New York. Those behind Chanel said I made a huge effect on them and they wanted to use my designs in the next line. End back flash. "From there on they helped me form my own line of clothes. But if it wasn't for Edward I wouldn't be where I am now." I told Angela everything. " Can you please not print the stuff about Edward and me, please?" I asked. No one knew we lost our virginities to each other. "Where if Edward now?" She asked. "He joined the Army when he turn eighteen." I told her. Ok so I am leaving you off there. Please review. Thank you.