you gently held her hand." Alice finished as if she was a teacher lecturing a naughty child. Edward just nodded"I wasn't caring for her though. I was just assisting dad." "Alice dear , I think that he should get the part it will be good for him , wont it Esme?" Carlise said still fiddling about with things and writing things down on his pad for imformation. "Yes I aggree with you Carlise. It really would be good." Esme nodded and I was just hearing the exchanges made by them. Feeling my throat as dry as the dessert. "C- could I have some water?" "Yes Isabella small gulps though." Edward told me. "There see another element as to why you should be the prince in the play!" Alice said so pleased with herself I think it was because she wanted someone that could have some chemisty with me and play / fuffill the part in the right way. "And besides , Jasper and Emmett are both in the play too!" Seemingly pleased I just smiled that was just classic Alice! 3rd POV So once there was a girl named Bella , she had hair as dark auburn and eyes as brown as coffee , skin as soft as snow. She ate an apple that was crimson one day and she found the man of her life. And lived happilly ever ...(Wait not yet!) After discharge Bella's POV . Dr Cullen or Carlise I now call him will discharge me today , Edward has come and visited me in hospital neumourous times and had sort of taken over my case and he said he had wanted to follow his father's footsteps and one day become a doctor he said to me one day. So the day that I was admitted , he was just doing a little expereience and since I had a hidden crush towards him and so did he we had started spending more and more time together , whether it be lines or acting or just simply talking or homework , we had just gotten closser and closer each passing day we had spent together. One day he asked me out and said that he wanted to go out with me , with my dads permission though Edward and I are just so old fashioned. So we were officially boyfriend and girlfriend. Now I knew that both of us had a love for the classics , classical music and the whole like. Though he didn't like my most favored book of all time : Wruthing heights , he and I had still got on rest well with all of our classics like Romeo and Juliet we had all sorts to talk about. Carlisle had signed my papers for discharge at 12 to have me home for lunch. I was looking forward to going home and seeing everyone , Charlie was in the car and greeted me. Thankfully , Victoria wasn't in sight so I was just really replaced at the fact thelat she wasn't there to give me anything else that was hateful and that she really disspised me. "Hello, Bella , what would you say if I had got rid of the hag , Victoria , once and for all?" My father asked me a question that I was so released to hearing. "Um I would say thankyou for driving her away." I answered. "Well Carlisle and I were really puzzled as to why you were taken to hospital so many times and why the apple you ate had a sickly poison in that if you didn't get to the hospital in time you would have died and also the time after that , when you got a pen knife in your rib cage and you could have been killed and that you were in a very fatal state and then the time after that one when you got hit by Victorias car and you could have been run over." He spoke as if comfurming this all with me and asking if all of these events were in fact true. "Go on." I urged for more information. We were coming up to the drive and my Dad had paused for a bit. "When Carlisle and I had both completed the puzzle out and in fact in it was Victoria's DNA on the apples that she had put in sweet poison that you could have potentially died from and was really dangerous. So I have given her the divorce papers to sign and she then explained why she had gone to such lengths , apparently , you were too beautiful in her eyes and for her to continue being the most beautiful girl in the world , she would have to kill off you and that was her words not mine." he finished opening the door and getting out I did the same. "Well bells , I need to go to work soon I will see you in the evening." He imformed. "Sure , I will make something nice." I smilled back at him , my life was complete now with no Victoria , a boyfriend and life was just great. Also our school production soon. Life was my element. Nothing to stop me from enjoying it to the full and since it was so short , don't waste it. page break A/N Hi me again , I have a sort of writer's block with Game to roylty's seacret so I thought that I should do a story that I have thought of. Please review and I will be doing a sequel called Playing my part and this will be in the point of veiw of Edward. I would like to hear from you all. I am going to finish off game to royalty's seacret soon I will see you all in my next update! I am going to answer to reveiws on private messaging or write a chapter on the reveiws if its a guest reader. Bluebelles112