especially one who doesn't even have to do anything. And it must be worse when you're friends are all busy with their own exciting lives or something. I imagine after a while, one starts to feel a little lonely, or maybe just plain sad and useless, huh?" Esme thought that the worst part about it, was that Arsinoë managed to hit her where it hurt and seem like she didn't care at all. And Arsinoë knew she had done it. Because she was clever like that, and believed in tough love more than she did in coddling, proven by how many times she had managed to knock much needed sense into her son. "I wouldn't know." Said Esme, looking straight at the TV screen. The girl next to her heaved a sigh. "I think you do know. And have for a while." She said, and Esme felt her unrelenting gaze upon her being. "And I think you're just too afraid to talk to anyone about it because you don't want to come off as weak and helpless." And suddenly Esme couldn't take it anymore because that's exactly how she felt and hearing it outloud was like blow after blow after blow to the chest, leaving her winded and angry. "I know it sounds mad and utterly absurd, but I can't help but feel that way! You don't know what it's like sitting at home all day in such a big house, while everyone is out and enjoying their lives and I'm just stuck there with no one to talk to, because I have no other friends beside you and Carmen, and nothing to do but be forced to wait patiently for everyone to come home like a good wife and mother to my already fully grown children!" She cried, weeks of frustration and turbulent emotion suddenly spilling out in one go. She was tired of feeling that way, and she was sick of it, and she was a strong, independent woman, and she deserved to feel that way. And while she was fuming, and huffing, and puffing like the Big Bad Wolf she'd been compared to, Arsinoë was simply eating her ice cream with a nonchalant expression, as if Esme had not just suddenly exploded in the middle of her living room. The younger girl blinked slowly before shrugging. "Get a job then, sell your paintings, wrestle with your sons, have fun with your husband, go shopping with your daughters, make friends with other female vampires, make friends with some female humans, keep helping the less fortunate, maybe go join a book club, pick up a hobby," Arsinoë paused thoughtfully, ignoring Esme's state of shock, because really, she'd just been listing solutions on whip, something that Esme hadn't been able to even do after weeks of melancholy. The purple haired girl squinted a little, before nodding to herself. "Actually, just go on holiday for a while. By yourself." It took a moment for Esme to process what she'd just said. "By myself?" She echoed, blinking in confusion. Arsinoë nodded. "Ya." She answered casually around a mouthful of ice-cream. "It's summer, so maybe you can head down to the Caribbean or something, lounge around the beach in a bikini and bask in the feel of male attention and female envy. Feel like a woman again." Esme huffed. "Carlisle gives me plenty attention thank you very much." She stated, her mind drifting to all the…attention her mate paid her. She'd be blushing if she were able. "I'm sure he does, and I'm not telling you to cheat on him or something. I'm just saying that having men aside from your husband drool just by looking at you, and women shooting you death glares and maybe some lusty looks gives one a confidence boost. Something you sorely need." She could vaguely understand the concept, there was a reason Rosalie loved attention, but she'd never actually thought of herself in that position –relishing in envious stares of those around her. Although, the more she thought about it, the more she liked the idea. "But what about-?" She was interrupted again, this time by a hand being waved in front of her face. "Oh, they'll be fine. You need to learn to focus on yourself every once in a while. It's time you Womaned up." Her friend declared in a tone that broke no argument. Esme nibbled on her lip thoughtfully, a smile slowly creeping onto her face the more she thought of it. A vacation to herself did sound appealing, and she wouldn't go for too long. Only ten days or so, just to get a breath of fresh air to think properly. Those options Arsinoë gave her sounded quite good. Perhaps she'd start working full time again… And then her smile was a full blown grin, and she was hugging the purple haired girl as tightly as she could without breaking any bones. Arsinoë for her part, was merely holding the ice cream away with one hand so it wouldn't spill and enduring the squeezing like a good soldier. Esme stood quickly, feeling happier than she had in weeks . "I'm going to book the first flight out of here, and then I'm going to tell Carlisle and then I'm going to Woman up!" She declared happily, planting her hands on her hips with determination. Not that the younger girl was particularly moved, merely nodding in acceptance with a small smile. "Cool." The girl said easily. Esme gave her one last hug of gratitude, because really, the girl was the best thing to happen to their family in a long time, before heading out the door. And an hour later, as she stood grinning brightly in Carlisle's office after telling him her plans and informing him quite clearly that she was planning on going whether or not he approved, because she was a grown woman and she could do whatever she wanted, he smiled brightly. "Do pick up some seashells while you're away."