was open, like mine, I grabbed him by his tie, not caring if I wrinkled it or took it out of place and pulled his head down to mine while I stood on my tippy toes, smashing my lips to his. My hand went to shoulder while my hand stayed on his tie. My head tilted. He was still at first, frozen in shock I assume since it was only natural. I was about to pull away, embarrassed for making an idiot of myself and apologize, when he didn't respond, but was pleasantly surprised when he started to kiss me back. One hand went to hip while the other rested lightly on my cheek. The kiss started out slow and sweet—then it started to get heated. Now this probably looks just about familiar to you now. Because it is. Before I got too lost in the kiss I pulled back. So, as I was walking away, I was pulled back as you recall. My lips were being attacked again. But this time, I wasn't the one doing the attacking. Edward Masen was the one me this time. EPOV To say I was shocked when Bella came up to me and smashed her lips to mine would be an understatement. But holy crap was I glad she did. It was amazing. It was a secret of mine, along with my best friend Jasper Whitlock, that I had a little major crush on the school resident nerd, Bella Swan. Although a nerd she did not look like. She had long mahogany with dazzling chocolate brown eyes set on a heart shaped face with full red lips. She was the epitome of gorgeous, stunning, beautiful…you name it. Not only was she beautiful, but elegant but clumsy, smart, kind, sweet, and amazingly the most perfect woman I've ever had the pleasure to behold. I fell for her the first time I saw her walk into the cafeteria that first day. I had dated a few girls over the year trying to get her out of my mind, but it wasn't possible. All the girls gave me an excuse to break up with them when they cheated on me, which I didn't really care for. Although my heart broke when I saw Bella start to go out with all the other guys; I wanted to break them in half when they cheated on her also. Earlier this week, Jasper had told me to wear a blood red tie—which I had no clue there was such thing as a blood red tie, only red—I was confused. He explained to me that his girlfriend, Alice, told him to tell me to wear it. He went on to explain the explanation that Alice gave him. That Bella was wearing a red dress and that I would match her. So I did. If only to match her and because I didn't want Alice on my case—I met her and she was scary to behold when she was mad. He also said that Alice had a surprise that Bella wanted to give me. And wearing the tie would work well in my favor. I was about to ask Bella what it was she wanted to give me when I saw her walking up to me. The words stilled in my throat when I saw the determined look on her face and her marching over to me. She looked breathtaking in that moment. The sensation of having her lips on mine felt wonderful, but when she pulled away, I was too busy trying to suck in enough oxygen from the mind numbing kiss. "I've always wanted to do that," Bella gasped. She sent a breath of air blowing across my face, and I almost closed my eyes at the smell. However I stopped myself when I heard and felt her next actions. "Bye," she waved a little and wiggled out of my grasp. She started to walk away, but didn't get far. She wasn't about to kiss me like that and walk away. I grabbed her wrist and swung her back around to face me again. Her body lurched forward into mine because of her heels. My hand snaked into her gown and gripped her hip pulling her toward me more. My other hand found the back of her neck and pulled her face towards mine and claiming her lips again forcefully. Her hands were on my chest, and she gasped a little in surprise before kissing me back. I pulled back after a while to rest my forehead against hers and whispered, repeating her words from earlier, "I've always wanted to do that." We were both breathing very heavily, and my heart just about stopped when I heard a throat clear and we pulled back further to look at the faces of my parents. My Dad's face was one of amusement, while my Mum had one bursting with joy. The next I noticed was Emmett Cullen's, my other best friend, voice exclaimed, "You go, Ed!" Let the tormenting begin. A/N: A cute little one-shot I got while reading another story. Just had to write it before I forgot it. It happens more often than not. I will consider writing another chapter if you guys want me to really bad, but don't count on it. Bella's and Alice's dress are on my profile, so go check them out; there really cute. I am also writing another story at the moment: Troubled Love: Edward, a street rat, has it hard. One day he meets a mysterious girl in the forest. He goes to help her when she's in need of it. Bella, a princess, has it easy; she doesn't like it. So set in her decision, she goes over the castle wall, and meets a boy. Edward gets an offer that will change a lot of things. It's on my stories. It would help a lot if you guys read and told me what you thought it. Review please! Thank you! ~Cynthia~