His eyes were filled with lust and I had never been so aroused. 'Turn back around.' His voice was a growl and I couldn't disobey him. I gasped when I felt him enter me. I had expected him to go slowly with foreplay. My body went wild with desire as he thrust into me repeatedly. All sorts of animalistic noises were coming from him now and they intensified my pleasure. 'You like it like this, don't you? Answer me!' 'YES!' I cried. His vicious thrusts hurt but at the same time it felt so good. His hand went up my stomach and squeezed my breast. He was going at vampire speed now and I knew he was nearing his climax. He roared as he came and I could feel the intensity of his orgasm. I did my usual trick of pretending. As a rule, I never came with customers. Caius slid out of me but cupped my pussy with his hand. A jolt of electricity went through me; his hand seemed more intimate than his dick somehow. 'You didn't come.' 'Y-yes I did.' 'Don't lie to me, I know you didn't.' He pushed me so I was lying on the floor. 'You will come for me.' He pushed his finger inside me and leaned over me. He was on top of me, controlling everything including my pleasure. I couldn't have resisted even if I wanted to. He added another two fingers and I felt sorry to the girls sleeping in the rooms next to us because I was whimpering and moaning like there was no tomorrow. He started massaging my clit with his thumb and the sensation was amazing. 'Say my name Isabella, scream it.' He started kissing my neck and I knew I was close. 'Caius!' I arched up and screamed when I came. It was undoubtedly the most powerful orgasm I had ever had in my life. Once again panic coursed through me when I realised the full extent of who was on top of me. He pulled me against his chest and stroked my hair. It was comforting yet possessive, like he was petting me. Like he owned me . This brought on a fresh wave of panic and embarrassingly I felt tears on my cheeks. He saw before I could wipe them away and ran his fingers up and down my spine. 'Why are you so overwhelmed? This isn't your first time.' 'I've never orgasmed like that before.' 'You told me you touch yourself Isabella.' 'It's not the same as you touching me.' He smirked at that. I grabbed my shirt but he stopped me. 'No. Wear my shirt.' He put it on me and got me onto the bed. I was very hot. He put his hands on my cheeks and his cool hands calmed me down. 'I have to go now, but I'll pay for another hour. Rest. I will return before the month is out.' I watched the door close before I fell into a deep sleep. Lucy woke me up the next day. 'You had sex with him didn't you?' I sat up blinking, I felt kind of sore from last night. 'How do you know?' 'A check arrived this morning, you must have gone above and beyond the call of duty with the amount he's paid.' I exhaled sharply. It felt like I should being paying him. 'So, was he any good?' She sat herself on my bed, eager for gossip. I giggled quietly. 'He growls a lot.' 'And is that good?' 'Holy fuck Lucy it's as sexy as hell! He's as sexy as hell.' 'I'm glad you had a good time.' Over the next fortnight I forced myself to carry on as I usually would without getting distracted by thoughts of Caius. I was successful, almost. The only time I focused on the memories of him were when I touched myself every night. The last day of the month arrived and I had heard nothing from him. I went to bed that night with despair in my stomach. That was, until I was woken up by cold arms encircling me. 'Caius! You came back!' I couldn't hide the joy in my voice. 'You waited for me, I am pleased.' I was overjoyed at his compliment. It was like nothing else mattered but pleasing him. 'I have a... proposition for you.' His dark voice made me shiver and sent a wave of arousal through me. 'And what would that be?' 'Come and live with me in Volterra. You could have everything you want as long as you sleep with me at night.' The idea thrilled me to the core but I had to think practically. 'I don't know, I couldn't do that every night.' 'Well I would give you some nights off to rest. And of course I'd pay this establishment; it would only be fair as I would be taking away their best performer.' 'Would you change me?' 'Yes, but when you are older.' That pretty much sealed the deal for me. I told the other girls and they said they all miss me a lot. Lucy cried and thanked me for bringing in so much money, after all, the money Caius was paying for me could feed the entire country. On my last night I announced that I was leaving and the news was met with dissatisfied noises from all the men. When my final show ended I got the longest and loudest applause I've ever had. I knew I would miss working there. I said goodbye to the girls who had been my sisters in the dressing room and Lucy walked me outside where Caius was waiting. She turned to me with tears in her eyes. 'Look after yourself honey.' 'You too.' We hugged before Caius offered me his arm. He helped me into the car and we drove off towards my new life. AN – Any thoughts? Please review and tell me what you think. Skaramoosh x