and I felt bad for not being able to drag the fashion addict along with me. I try to cheer her up by reminding her that we couldn't afford it anyway so why window-shop? "Anyway, what's the newest update on the set-up situation? "she asks stuffing some mushroom ravioli into her mouth. "Still the same. I'm afraid they'll invite him over for dinner everyday now and force me to interact with him that way, "I answer."I really can not understand your parents and I'm so sorry for you B. That's just not right. " "That makes two of us A. Can't they see that there's no place for a man in my life right now? I don't really have a job; I don't even have a driver's licence let alone a car. There are far more important matters to tend to than finding a boyfriend! "My temper flares up and I fight to keep it under control. "Stay strong babe. It will all turn out just fine. You'll see, "she reassures me. It better or I'm in real danger of going insane. On Friday morning I wake up to a ringing phone. Rosalie has sent me a message late last night, apparently informed about my trip to LA, requesting a meet-up. Sighing I put the phone away and wonder if I can get out of this by pretending I never got the message. Rosalie and I go a while back; years before our cousins got married. Her mother has family in Forks, so when they were here on a visit 5 years ago, it was guaranteed we'd meet. Our friendship was something that took me completely by surprise. After all we couldn't have been more different. Rosalie, the elegant girly girl with long blonde hair and striking blue eyes. The fact that she made her money with said looks; and very successfully at that, earned her the title of Miss Arrogant in our little community. Personally, I never witnessed her behaving anything like that. Me on the other hand... clumsy tomboy with brown hair and brown eyes. Miss Boring should be my title. And then there was this other issue. I needed to stay away from Rose as far as I could. No matter what. I get ready to head to the Seattle Airport. Alice agreed to drive me there since I can't drive, Renee won't drive and Charlie's at work. The trip to Seattle is a great shopping opportunity for her so I guess that makes it a win-win situation. Looking at the watch I speed up. Alice will be here shortly. Right on cue I can hear her car pull into the driveway early. God forbid, she'd be late. Grabbing my suitcase I climb down the stairs to greet her. The drive to Seattle is fairly unspectacular. Landscape passes my window at a steady pace, trees blurring into one another in the process. One would think that with all the distance put between me and my parental home I would somewhat distance myself from the pain I feel when I am there, but that's as far from the truth as I want to get away from them right now. I feel so left alone. Not just now. Ever since I quit my job at Newton's one year ago because I could simply not take working there anymore. The contract ran out anyway and when I had to decide between being bound to the company for another full year or quitting there to look for a better opportunity, I didn't hesitate to choose the latter. Sadly, that was not the right decision in my parent's eyes. That's what they've made sure to sometimes show, sometimes even tell me every day ever since. The situation was far from more satisfying, but the job at Newton's was terrible, I had to keep reminding myself that I needed the money for college and that was the only thing that kept me going in the first place. What's a girl got to do if her parent's can't afford to send her to college? Financial aid or a scholarship was simply not an option for me. Instead of blaming me, they should be happy to have a daughter that refused to take any of their money once she starting making her own. Can't they just accept the fact that I want more from life? That working at Newton's until I was old enough to retire was simply not enough? Fighting about it with my egocentric mother is utterly unsuccessful though. She's always wished for more although she never thought of how to get there. Like things would happen only because you wished for them, not because you worked hard to get there. Her only concern has always been what people will think of her because of this or that. In this case, what people will say about her jobless daughter? My dad on the other hand, could not be handling this situation more differently than her. He's been supporting me whenever he could, giving good advice s when needed and always despising the fact that I've had to work at Newton's to earn money for something he couldn't offer me. It's odd how this situation has brought us two closer together whilst separating me and my mother. Before I know it, Alice pulls into the parking lot. I've been so lost in thought I almost slighted her most of the ride but my friend knows it was not on purpose, I just got lots of stuff on my plate right now. Finally having reached our destination, it's time for us to say goodbye to each other for a few days. God, I'll miss her. A/N Do you think I fucking suck at writing yet? Please contact kiTT and Lisa (and anyone else who talked me into this; you know who you are) for any complaints you might have. Js. Also, I'm holding Chapter 2 Hostage until we get... 10 reviews? Don't embarass me Ladies!