before getting up and going to my room which was the attic that had been converted into a beautiful room with its own bathroom. The next day I had cleaned up the house and had bought groceries and was thinking about what to make for supper when Bella came flying inside the door. "Edward said all of the Cullen's are interested to meet you. Can you be ready in thirty minutes?" Bella said as she dropped her school backpack onto the couch and ran upstairs to get a quick shower and change. "Sure." I muttered my answer since Bella was already up the stairs. I called Charlie and told him that Bella and I wouldn't be home to late but that I would make maple sausage, chocolate-chip muffins, scrambled eggs and cheesy potatoes and leave them on a plate for him in the fridge. Then while Bella was getting a shower I made the food and just barely held myself back from devouring it all as soon as it was done. I made a small plate for Bella and stuck that in the fridge as well before devouring everything that was left over and putting the pans in the sink leaving the ones that were still too hot on top of the stove. Finally Bella was down and after she pulled on her shoes I grabbed my motorcycle keys and we were off. She gave me the directions and within twenty minutes we were pulling up outside of the Cullen's house. All of my senses were tingling and I was surprised to find out that all vampires did not smell the same. They all had the same burnt sugar smell but they all had another scent as well. I shut off my bike and stuffed the keys into my backpack which I then slung over my shoulder. "Are you ready? You'll be nice right?" Bella said as we walked up the front steps. I grinned, "I will try to behave myself." I said. Bella huffed, "That doesn't reassure me at all!" I laughed at that and the front door opened. I could tell from his scent that this was the one my sister was dating. "Hello Edward." I said with an easy nod in his direction. He relaxed slightly and was at Bella's side in a second, the door opened wider behind him and several other golden eyed vampires filled it. The eldest male stepped forward and offered his hand, "Hello I'm Carlise." He said. I shook his hand, "Hello, I'm Bella's older sister Enyo you can call me E if you wish Bella does all the time." I replied. The oldest female stepped forward next and pulled me into a quick hug, " Hello Enyo, I'm Esme." "I'm Emmet and this is my mate Rosalie." The biggest vampire said reaching out for a hug, I quickly ducked under his arms, "I don't hug strange guys." I stated coldly before smiling so he knew I was joking around with him. "Hello I'm Jasper." The last male vampire said softly as he stepped forward, I shook his hand. "Are you trying to mess with my emotions?" I asked feeling something trying to tug at my emotions. Jasper's eyes widened and the rest of the family went silent. "I was trying to see why I didn't feel your emotions. My apologies if I upset you in anyway ma'am." Jasper said, I could hear his southern accent become more pronounced. I smiled and waved away his worry, "No big deal." I said then the last female vampire stepped forward but kept several feet of distance between us. "I'm Alice. Why can't I see you?" She said. "Are your eyes closed?" I questioned unable to hold back the sarcasm that coated that statement. "E!" Bella muttered and I rolled my eyes, "I don't know maybe the same reason that Edward can't read my mind and Jasper can't control my emotions?" I said to Alice who I mentally dubbed 'Tinkerbell'. I stayed for the next three hours at the Cullen's house learning more about them however I didn't tell them about me. I just didn't feel like I could trust them with that secret and I knew Bella would want to tell her boyfriend so I didn't tell her either. All the sudden my cell-phone rang and I twitched at the ring-tone. It only rang twice before the caller hung up but I got the message. "Isabella I have to go. I'll call Charlie and let him know can you have someone drive you home?" I asked Bella as I stood up from the couch I had been sitting on while playing Speed Racer with Emmet. "I'll take her home." Edward said. I nodded as I grabbed my backpack and pulled out my keys. "Enyo what's going on?" Bella asked worried. I looked at her, "I've been re-activated." I said Bella's eyes widened, "But you said…" I didn't let Bella finish. "Yes but I don't make the rules and they can break them anytime they want. I love you little sis. Take care of Charlie and yourself." I said before kissing Bella on her forehead and walking out the Cullen's front door and down their steps. "Oh hey Edward." I said turning around and coming back up the steps. "Yes?" Edward said appearing in the doorway beside a worried and sad Bella. "Listen Sparkles, you hurt my sister and I will find creative ways to torture you for the rest of your eternal life." I snarled at Edward, making acid drip from every word. The whole Cullen family which had gathered around their front door flinched backwards at my tone. "I won't hurt her." Edward said. I raised an eyebrow at him but didn't say anything else to him instead I turned towards my sister. "You be careful and be yourself. Call me anytime." I said hugging Bella before I walked down the Cullen's front steps and straddled my motorcycle bringing it roaring to life.