harshly. Edward heard Bella scoff and say, "As if I would let anyone but you touch me," before the distinctive smacking sounds of kissing met his ears. The two holding him down apparently had no qualms about him lifting his head, and Edward blinked his eyes as they fully adjusted to the dark. He could make out Bella's back; the hem of her green dress shortened as she balanced on her tip-toes and furiously kissed the man her arms were wrapped around. There was one pale hand buried in her thick, mahogany hair and the other wrapped possessively around her waist. As he watched them, the man shifted Bella's head enough so that Edward could make out his chin-length blond hair. One glowing silver eye cracked open to gaze at him – and the challenge and warning in that small look was enough to make Edward shiver with fear. The two remained lip-locked for a few long moments before the man that was holding Edward down cleared his throat in amusement. "I'd say pull back for air, Jas, but..." he trailed off with a snicker. The couple finally pulled apart and the man the other one had called Jas looked over Bella's shoulder and sneered at him. "Just making sure he knows she's mine." Bella reached up to cup his cheek. "All yours, Jasper," she purred. "Who are you people?" he stuttered out. The woman holding him down barked out a laugh. " People he says. Those are some mad deducting skills, Sherlock." "Don't tease the poor vampire, Char," Bella chided softly as she walked over to him. Edward's head reeled back when the word vampire casually passed her lips – no human had ever simply guessed what he was. "But you're human," he insisted. "I can hear your heartbeat." She crouched down beside him. "Am I?" she asked sweetly as her eyes bled silver and her heart beat slowed to a sluggish crawl before disappearing completely. "Handy little trick, ain't it?" she laughed. She lightly traced the features of his face – shooting an exasperated glare when the man behind her snarled softly and hummed. "Look at you pretty boy," she mocked, "drawing people in with your vampire glamour. Well, I suppose you could say this –" The lighter flicked again, lighting up her closely huddled companions and Edward could see that, where once were silver irises, were now one green and two sets of blue and three matching heartbeats. The flame was once again blown out by the dark haired man – blue eyes glinting mockingly – and the heartbeats vanished just as quickly as the light. " – is ours. Gotta attract vampires somehow. They're more likely to let their guards down when they hear blood pumping through our veins. What could a poor, helpless little human possibly do to a big, bad vampire?" She chuckled. "What are you?" he whispered. Her smile became dark and dangerous. "I guess you could say we're a special kind of vampire." She stuck her finger in the seeping crack on his face and brought the digit up to swipe softly with her tongue. "One's that have acquired a taste for venom." She stuck her finger completely in her mouth and sucked softly on it. "Mmm... you animal drinkers always taste so good, pity there's not more of you." He laughed uneasily muttering, "This is a joke," to himself as he desperately began scanning the alley and hoping that Emmett would pop out from some hidden spot and begin laughing. Her face became almost solemn. "I can assure you, it's not." "This is not possible." His maker Carlisle was a veritable scholar of all vampire lore and he had never, ever mentioned... "Cannibals? Please tell me this is a joke," he repeated shrilly as he attempted to squirm away from the feet that still held him down. Edward howled when the black-haired male increased the pressure – cracking one of his ribs in the process. "That would mean we eat our own kind and we are nothing like you sparkly bastards," he hissed. Bella patted his boot and tutted softly at Edward. "Peter really doesn't like that word, none of us do." She sighed. "I suppose it's my fault for using the word vampire to describe us, when really, there is no real name for us." She grinned. "Like I said, we're special. But," she clapped her hands, the sound echoing in the quiet alley, "enough chit chat, I'm positively famished." She looked up at the black-haired male beside her. "Since he insulted you so badly, Peter, I'm gonna let you have the first bite." "With pleasure," he growled. Edward's struggles began anew. "You can't do this... this can't possibly be happening!" he shrieked. The male named Peter was suddenly nose to nose with him. "How does it feel, vampire," he murmured darkly, "to be the prey for once?" He clamped his hand tightly over Edward's mouth and dove for his neck. -oo- Jasper glared down disinterestedly at Edward's jerking body as Peter fed. "Doesn't look like we'll get much out of him," he complained, kicking at his leg. "He's pretty scrawny, isn't he?" "Ah, that's the best part love," Bella purred. "He's got a coven at home on the outskirts of town." A/N2: I kinda considered this to be a companion piece to 'Bet You Didn't See That Coming'. Not a sequel or even in the same universe mind you, but more along the lines of the vampires I dislike getting their just desserts... I should deem this the 'Comeuppance Series'... hmm... I tried to think up a name to classify Bella and her bunch, but kinda came up empty. I played around with google and found that a vampire that fed on it's own kind is considered a 'Rogue' but, in my head - while they may have vampire attributes - they're not vampires. Lemme know if anything comes to mind for you. I'd love to here any theories.