sound as she strides around me, orbiting me in fury, her fur cloak twirling. "She's not had that stupid name for some time." I run my hand over my tired face. All I can think about is the vulnerable girl in a tattered shack, feverish and writhing under her bedsheets. Because of the knife she took for me. "End her pain. She shouldn't continue to suffer because of my sins. Only you can end this." I'm close to begging now. "I'll do whatever it takes." Jane's flaming eyes catch mine. "Whatever it takes, huh?" "Yes." "Fine," she chortles, shaking her head at me, stopping her circling. "I can end it. I'm getting bored stiff of hearing the news of her birth anyway." Relief courses through me. I didn't think it would be this easy. An icy cold finger trails its way down my cheeks and over my lips. I'm shivering all over. "You have to be sure, sweet Edward." She drops her hand and walks backward like she's floating on air. "There are repercussions you know." "Repercussions?" "If I end her deaths, if I end these cycles, this will be the last time you see her. The last time you will be together." "What?" I know my game face has dropped and I don't miss the satisfaction in her eyes. "You're playing with the most unholy, darkest of magics. Nothing comes for free." She smiles her perfect smile. It's a challenge. I know what she's asking of me. Wait for Bella to be reincarnated, only for her to die a painful death over and over until she is a shadow of herself, or part with the other half of my soul just to make sure that she is safe forever? I pause, envisaging a life without the wait for Bella. A life without hope. I was stupid to think that I could just put everything right without consequence. There is a price to pay. There was always a price to pay for being a traitor. "Choose, Edward," Jane says uninterestedly. "Hurry it up." "I'm sure." "A big sacrifice," she sighs loudly, her eyes wide with wonder now like she's confounded by my decision. "It's not clever, but then it's just like you to be stupid with love ." She spews her last words like spitting a ball of fire and rage. She tries again. "It will be an incomplete life, only half an existence." Jane almost sounds like she cares. I don't hesitate. "It's worth it, for her peace." She stands so still that I wonder if she's a statue. Her voice is rigid. "Your wish is granted. When this Bella ends, it all ends." I nod and her eyes flash orange, burning brighter than the sun. " You must remain bound to this earth and she'll find her peace. Your Bella won't be back, ever." Dread fills the pit of my stomach at her final words, but more than that, I feel relief. She's free. Her soul is free. That is my peace. "Leave." Jane turns away from me and her voice is anger and steel. As I start to make my way out, I think I hear something that sounds like defeat. ~~~~~~X~~~~~~ My mouth rests against the pulse in her throat as she takes her last breaths. I count every beat, savoring every last hammer throbbing against her skin as it slows in rhythm. Six, seven … eight …nine … Ten. I wait for eleven. Eleven doesn't come. My lips trail from her throat to rest against her forehead as it becomes cold. It's not the first time she's passed in my arms, but this times there's no consolation. I hold her for so long that time ceases to be. I grab the edge of the bed on my knees and sob like a wounded animal. I lie next to her, clasp her cold hand in mine, and close my eyes. The soil flows from my fingers like tiny droplets of rain as I bury her, knowing a part of me is eternally entombed with her. It takes me some time to finally walk away. But I do. In all my existence, the centuries gone by, all the time that I have waited, I never knew true loneliness. Everything was worth it because, if only for a few hours, I would be complete. Her memories are vivid and evergreen. When the demon inside me threatens to take over, it's the vibrant sound of her laughter and the brilliant purple in the greenest of moss that keeps me humane. I finally complete the painting and my canvas travels with me like the most important relic. I revisit parts of the world where I remember Bella best. Cairo, Dublin, Monaco, Amritsar, San Francisco. I am a wanderer who tells stories with happy endings. I am the wise spectator at the campfire, celebrating in the affectionate glow of two young lovers who have eyes for only one another. When the sun grows hotter and the days get longer, I sometimes let myself dream that the girl with the skip in her step might be her, or maybe the one next to her that watches the world with weary eyes. Or perhaps she's the one whose dark brown hair skimmed my face as she ran past, chased by the boy with ruddy, red cheeks… I let the dreamer cherish every silly moment because it doesn't last long. There's no euphoria, no elation that one day I may find that missing piece. I let her go. I made sure that she'll never discover me again as I stand, browsing in a record store. Even though it's hollow, it's okay, I wouldn't have it any other way. Because it's not for nothing. It's worth it. This forever. It's all for her. The End I've started my own Fic Discussion Group on Facebook. I'll be posting teasers/ bannners/ discussions for my stories. Do come and say hello! Address is on my profile! Twitter: Blueissoul