piles beneath the branches, and stockings now hung on the main wall. Emmett removed the plastic covering from the angel tree topper and handed it to Joey with a smile. Rebecca held the girl up and everyone watched on as she slid the beautiful decoration onto the tree's pointed top. "It's perfect," Emmett said with a wink. She smiled and nodded at him through her fresh stream of tears. Emmett was right. Everything about that night screamed perfection. -TW- Three hours later the bank crew had finished decorating the house – inside and out – and had started piling back into the cars they arrived in. "Thank you so much, Peter." Rose smiled at her boss who, for the first time, she could see compassion in. "You're welcome!" He went in to shake her hand, but Rose grabbed him up in a hug instead. "I'll see you Wednesday," she said with a smile. Peter simply nodded and headed out. "Merry Christmas, Rosie," Bella whispered, giving her best friend a hug and a kiss on the cheek. "I love you two so much." Rose looked back and forth between Edward and Bella and smiled. "We love you too," Edward said, wrapping his arm around her shoulders and squeezing her against him. When he pulled away, he withdrew an envelope from the inside of his coat and handed it to Rose. "This is a little something from the guys at my office." Just when she thought the tears had dried up, someone did something to make them start all over again. "Edward, you didn't have to do this." "I know I didn't. But, I wanted to, and so did they." Rose held the card tightly in her hands and sniffled. "What would I do without the two of you in my life?" "Go crazy?" Bella joked. "Too late," Rose laughed. "I know you have all the fixings for a grand Christmas dinner tomorrow, but you're welcome to come by my parents' place if you'd like," Edward said, grabbing Bella's hand. "Carlisle and Esme would love to see you and the kids." "Thanks, Edward. We'll think about it." Rose gave her friends a small wave and watched as they disappeared down the street to where Edward's truck was parked. Once everyone had cleared out of the house, Rose locked up the front door and made her way to the kitchen. "Mom…" her words trailed off when she saw Emmett sitting at the table. He had a cup of cider in his hand and a smile on his face. "She put the kids to bed and went to read," he explained. Rose took a seat across from him and blew out a shaky breath. "Why are you still here?" she wondered. Emmett's face fell, and she hurried to explain. "I didn't mean it like that, Emmett. It's just that I haven't treated you very well after that night. If I was you, I wouldn't be sitting across from me right now." "I'm here because I want to be," he answered simply. "It's not fair, and it never was, for me to expect you to be ready to date anyone after all that you've been through this year. I don't blame you for pushing me away, Rose. I just wish you'd have said something instead of giving me the cold shoulder." "I wasn't sure what to say." Rose took a deep breath and gave herself a minute to collect her thoughts. "I like you, Emmett. I like you a lot, and that night we spent together only intensified what I already felt. But things were so difficult at home, and I've had so much on my plate since Royce left, that I didn't want to drag you into my own personal circus." "I understand where you're coming from. But, perhaps you should let me decide whether I want to be a part of any personal circus or not?" Emmett took her hand in his and squeezed it. "For the record, I would love to be part of your personal circus. Because, as crazy as it may get, it seems like an incredible circus to get in on." Rose shook her head and laughed. It was the first hearty laugh she'd let out in months, and it felt wonderful. "So what now? It's been so long since I've done this." "We could start with a date," Emmett suggested. "How about dinner and a movie on Friday night?" Somewhere deep inside, Rose felt a twinge of emotion. It was warm, yet threatened to send chills down her spine and take her breath away. She hadn't felt it since months before Royce filed for divorce, and up until that moment, she wasn't sure she'd ever feel it again. "Dinner and a movie sound perfect." "Good." Emmett squeezed her hand once more and grinned. The smile Rose wore matched his, and as they sat together at the table in silence, she found herself filled with hope. Someone out there had heard her wish. Someone out there had helped to make this the most spectacular Christmas yet. A/N: Unlike my other piece, this one happens to be factual! However, I can't for the life of me find the link to the RL situation that inspired this. I'll continue searching and with any luck I'll locate it and I can then post it. Just a few fun tidbits to add - Hopkins is my hometown. So, it was kinda kool to set a story there. MainStreet is a real bar. In fact, it's the one my social circle frequents. The Chanhassen Dinner Theater is a pretty awesome place. :) I may have fallen quite hard for these characters. So, I'm contemplating eventually expanding this into a full-length fic. Right now my mind is on finishing my main WIP and working hard on my other one, but perhaps someday we'll see more of these two and the future past this O/S. :) Thanks for coming by to read this! Happy Holidays! xo