not worth it. She's the type to hold grudges and and you did embarrass her a bit just now. She may make your stay here at school more difficult. ah, so she was one of those petty type of girls. Troublesome but easily handled. I rolled my eyes. "I'm not worried about her. She's nothing. I don't even know where she was coming From. All I know is I didn't appreciate talking to me like I was weird for talking to you. There is nothing wrong with interacting with you. So don't worry about it" I chuckled. He stared at me intently. His eyes were more blue than silver. He studied my face as he tilted his head, a mannerism I already knew meant his confusion. Or wonder. he nibbled on his bottom lip as he kept staring at me, making me want to squirm in my seat. It was getting slightly unnerving. He slowly tore his eyes away from mine to look at the front of the room. I followed his eyes and the teacher was watching us. He smiled before clapping his hands. "Okay class. Look up front" He called out. "This is a slide show, just of the different type and style of photography there is" He nodded and turned the lights off, pressing a button on a remote and a picture of a purple flower showed on screen. So for the next hour, the teacher went through so many different pictures of different styles, some by famous photographers, and some by himself. When he was done and flipped the lights on I was relieved. I looked over and saw even Jasper looked bored. He had is arm on the desk and was resting his head against his hand as he stared blankly up ahead. The bell rang signalling it was time to go home. I gathered my stuff and watched Jasper as he lazily got his stuff together and he stood up then stretched. I tapped his shoulder and he turned his tired gaze to me. "How'd you like it?" I asked. He merely shrugged and got out his phone and texted, not nearly as fast as he usually typed. It was slightly boring. I want to take pictures. Not look at them. Plus I couldn't tell what he was saying. I was missing a lot of his words so I gave up close to the beginning. I looked up at him in time to see him yawn loudly as he stretched. "Are you tired?" I asked. He nodded. "Well it's home time. Get a good sleep tonight" I smiled. He grinned while nodding. We both walked out of the class room, taking our time down the halls, while other students hurried to get out of this prison. WE finally reached the front doors and Jasper turned to me smiling. He motion behind him with his head. "You got to go?" I asked. He smiled softly and nodded. "Okay. Have a great evening Jazz" I said then went forward and hugged him. He froze up then he gradually relaxed and returned my embrace. I didn't exactly want to end this hug anytime soon but I slowly released and smiled up at him. He smiled tenderly then turned around and ran across the parking lot to a silver car and hopped in. I watched as Edward pulled out of the parking lot. I sighed happily. He was actually a nice guy. So what if he was deaf? He was a kind hearted person and I liked him. I looked at my phone and read the text he just sent me. You have a good night to Bellz :) Nothing could ruin my day. Hell, Dad could even pick me up in the cruiser and I would happily get in. Which he was by the way... This morning I wasn't looking forward to school at all, but now...now I'm glad I went. ~~~~~To BE continued~~~~ There! Finally edited it. Took me a bit but it's finally done. Geez I had an obsession with the words "and" and "then". Like geeeeeeez. And not to mention I liked to waste time and explain useless stuff. The whole time I was like, "Damnit young Tiara, why you do this?!" In the old version, I have Bella reply to his texts with TEXTS...when earlier he had told her, "yo, I can read lips pretty damn good, you don't need to text. Ya can Holla at me all ya want, baby gurl!" And she still freaking texted him. Like seriously? I gave myself an easy out and I made it harder for myself...that does sound like me haha. And to inform you. I am doing this all on my iPod with Microsoft office. Yup. My computer is a peice of shit. I hate that thing. It makes me have murderous feelings. You can tell how much I hate it if I'm willing to write a fucking novel on my iPod hahahaha. Even though this app made me want to throw myself out a window at one point. I exited the app very briefly and I lost alllllll my work...yeah... I probably won't actually update the story with a new chapter until I'm done revising te whole thing. I just don't see the point. I'm changing a few things here and there soooo... And. I just want to thank you all for still sticking with this story over the years. Hopefully I make it up to you for the hiatus I took by making it better. :) And I apologize if there is random auto correct mistakes..._ Have a good one and r&r! And frickity frack frack! I don't know what's happening in the process of the pasting but it's ticking. Me off hahaha. I had italics, bold, and spaces in places if tabs and it's all gone...I'll fix that another time. I'm too lazy right now. I've been trying to upload this thing for thirty minutes. Cripes. I'll fix the format eventually hahaha