he reached for her denim skirt and made quick work of button and zipper. Down her shapely legs it went, then he stopped to admire his handy work. Just a full scale ten, dark haired knocked out in his bed. Wearing nothing but those lacy shorts underwear that made him fucking nuts. "I think I may have saved a bus of orphans in a past life to deserve this." Bella laughed, making her breasts bounce. It was better than damn near any porno Edward had ever watched. He felt like he was going to shoot off at any minute. Suddenly, Bella shot up from her sprawled position. She caught him around the thighs and pulled him forward. Her mouth went to his stomach, the waist band of his pants. Then her nimble fingers were undoing belt and jeans shoving them down. "Mmm," she intoned as she stared at his tented boxer briefs. Edward had never heard a girl make that sound while looking at him. It was the sound of seeing a perfectly cooked steak on your plate. It was the sound of getting a triple scoop ice cream cone on a hot summer day. It was the sound that made him harder than he'd ever been before. And then she shoved his shorts down. His dick sprang out and she wrapped her hand around it. He watched with eyes wide as she swirled her tongue around the head, tasting the pre-cum that was there. It was his turn to groan. And clench his fists and his side. And stare at the ceiling as if the secret to holding off release while that hot wet mouth was engulfing him was written there somewhere. She slowly crept her mouth around him. Taking a little more with each painstaking bob of her head. Edward could feel his eyes rolling back in his head. And just when he thought it couldn't get any better she took his whole length into the tight channel of her throat. "What the fuck?!" he exclaimed. She pulled back with a slurp worthy of a Vivid video. She smirked at him. "No gag reflex," she explained. "Marry me," he gasped. She laughed and returned to her previous endeavor. It didn't take long for him to have all he could take. "My turn," he said pushing her shoulder back gently. Bella lay back and Edward dropped to his knees. He hooked his fingers under the lace and tossed it with the rest. Slowly his kissed up each firm thigh, relishing the softness of her skin and the sweetness of her girl smell. The closer he got to her center the more she whimpered and squirmed. It was almost hard to concentrate on his kissing and nibbling with the smile that wouldn't go away. Finally he reached the holy land. He licked and probed with his tongue. He sucked with his lips. He mapped out the whole landscape of her sweet little kitty with his mouth. His exploration was rewarded when he found the spot that literally brought her hips up off the mattress. That was the spot he concentrated on, licking with just the slightest amount of pressure until he heard her yell. "Oh, my God!" she cried and then sound was muffled as her legs snapped closed around his ears. He gripped those lush legs and held on tight. He didn't stop licking. He made her ride out her orgasm on his face. It was delicious. It was her delivering a firm open handed shove to his forehead that made him stop. He sat back for a minute with a self satisfied grin on his face watching her quivers subside. Then snatched his jeans from the floor and snatched his wallet out. He made quick work of the wrapper and slid into a condom. Her thighs in his hands again he pulled her onto him, diving in in one quick, deep motion. Their cries chorused together. Her pussy was even hotter and tighter than her mouth. He stroked in and out slowly relishing the way her body accepted him. As he stroked he admired the picture before him: all that dark hair splayed out across behind her, eyes clenched closed, mouth gaping and teeth grinding as he pushed in, fists twisting the blanket. "So fucking gorgeous," he murmured. At that she opened her eyes. They were pools of lust. "My turn," she said squirming away from him. He groaned at the loss. "Lay down, handsome." He pretty much dove on the bed. She was on him in a second, using her hand to guide him straight into her. She planted her feet on either side of him and commenced to bouncing. "Jesus," he gasped. Feeling her hard, fast strokes and watching hose glorious tits bounce was going to be the end of him. "I can't- I'm gonna come," he groaned. And he did. He came hard, with his hands full of her tits. It was fucking magnificent. As he relaxed she leaned to lay her head on his chest. For a few moments it was just the sounds of slowing breathing and heats calming. Then she sat up and lifted her hair off her neck. "Where's your bathroom?" she asked. He pointed toward the door across the room and smiled as he watched her walk away. Watching her walk naked and unashamed almost got his motor running again. A few moments later she returned and tossed a slightly damp towel his way. He mopped his sweat slick body then headed to the bathroom for full clean up. When he was done he was happy to see her laying in his bed still completely naked. He grinned as he dropped down next to her. She returned his smile as he traced a tickling finger down the middle of her chest and circled her belly button. "So," he said. "Wanna go out some time?" A/N: Just a little some thing that made me smile. Hope it made you smile too.