I can stand to be in the same room as our father. And then, as soon as I can, I'm coming back to LA and I'm throwing a fucking rager," Edward told his sister. "You're twenty-seven years old; you're too old to throw a rager. And if you're going, I'm going. Maybe I can keep you out of trouble this time," Alice informed her brother. "That'll be nice. The whole family under one roof," Edward laughed. "Just…. just be cool while were there Edward. Don't let him goad you," Alice implored. "I'll be on my best behavior, scout's honor," Edward said. "You were never a scout, dipshit," Alice said and hung up on him. Edward stared out the window for a bit. That went much better than he thought it would. He felt better knowing that Alice would be there with him. Alice would be there to have his back. Even if it all went badly Alice would help him pick up the pieces, just like she always did. Alice opted to get an earlier flight. And there was a delay at the airport. And another at the rental counter. More like a rabid fan girl at the rental counter. But, on the bright side, all it took was the signature Edward Cullen smirk and he was leaving with a sleek BMW SUV. All he needed to do was get to Forks and pick up a bottle of wine for Alice. Apparently his mother had been hovering over Alice since she arrived and Alice needed a drink…STAT! He sent Alice a quick text to let her know it would probably be after midnight when he got there. She replied that she'd be up finishing some work stuff. Edward was pretty glad for that. He'd opted out of the prescription haze today and his stomach was in knots. And it wasn't just the anticipation of time with his family, it was the town of Forks itself. After LA, Forks just seemed so…. oppressive. Like the tiny town had four massive, invisible walls that started to close in on him as soon as he entered the city limits. Luckily there was Walgreens between him and his parents place. He eased into the parking lot and pulled a hat out of his bag before heading in. He wanted his little excursion to the woods to be as low-key as possible. That meant being seen as little as possible. He muttered a hello to the cashier as headed toward the booze isle. He found a mid-range bottle and headed back up to the front. He took a second to admire the cashier's ass in her company khakis before he said anything. He fished his debit card out as she headed back behind the counter. When she asked for ID he was shocked. He couldn't remember the last time he'd been carded. He was on the cover of the magazine she'd just put away for fucks sake. And normally, that would bug the shit out of him. But when he lifted his eyes to meet hers, the annoyance melted into amusement. "You're Edward Cullen," she announced. "I am," he replied. There were plenty of things she could have said next that wouldn't have shocked him. Declaring herself his biggest fan, saying she had every one of his albums or some obscure relic from eBay, or even a random "I love you" were par for the course. Instead, she asked him what the fuck he was doing in Forks. He died laughing. "That's what I've been asking myself," he told her. Regardless of his laughter, her face turned a lovely shade of pink. "I'm so sorry. That was really unprofessional. But…you're in Forks," she babbled gesturing to the window. He smiled. "Are you a member of the paparazzi?" he asked. She cocked a brow at him. "I saw Dave Matthews getting a cab once when I was in Seattle and I snapped a picture with my phone," she said. Something about her dry delivery got to him again. He couldn't help but laugh. "My parents live here," he told her. "Oh," she said absently. She scanned and bagged his wine. "That's 22.99." He smirked. "No discount?" he asked. She rolled her eyes. "You're not worth my job, Mr. Cullen," she told him. He smiled again as he swiped his card. He glanced at her name tag. Bella. "Fair enough," he said. "So, Bella, can I ask for a favor that won't cost you your job?" She shrugged. "Sure," she replied. "Can you keep this quiet?" he asked. It took just a second for her to process what he was talking about. "What's it worth to you?" she asked. Now she was smirking. He felt his smile melt away. Was she blacking mailing him with paparazzi? Suddenly it was her turn to burst into laughter. Her laugh was nice. "Kidding," she told him. "I don't really have anyone to tell. Besides I doubt they'd be able to find Forks anyway." Edward shook his head and smiled. This girl was certainly out of the ordinary. "Thanks, Bella," he told her as he grabbed his bag. "See you around." A/N : Hey y'all. For Those Who Are Familiar With My Writing: Good to see you, glad you're giving me and my writing another go. Grab your snacks (you're sharing right?) and settle in. For Those Who Are Not Familiar With My Writing: Hi. Nice to meet you. Things I WON'T promise you about this story: HEA, categories/tags, or that you won't wanna meet me for throat punch Thursday over the course or at the end. Things I will promise you about this story: I will tell you a story that I've crafted to the best of my ability. If you're cool with that then awesome, I hope you brought snacks. If not, I respect that and I wish you luck finding stories better suited to your tastes. Chapter Songs: I've Seen Better Days – Citizen King Gasoline – Halsey