but they always ended up playing grab ass, and that was always fun. Edward wrapped his arms around her waist and Bella leaned back into him. She was a little surprised to feel that he was already sporting a partial. He nuzzled her hair aside and kissed her neck. "You smell so sweet, I want to have you with a bowl of ice cream," he whispered in her ear. His silly-sweet words in her ear took Bella from ready to drop, to blood pumping. She wiggled against him. "You've had me at least a little hard all damn day, did you know that?" He asked. His hands were starting to slide down. "Who, me?" she choked out. She loved hearing his dirty talk in her ear. "Yeah you," he said, his hand cupping her pussy and parting the lips with gentle fingers. "I just kept thinking about having this sweet little pussy wrapped around me." Bella shuddered. Between the words and his skillful ministrations, her lady parts were singing. "God, that feels good," she muttered. She closed her eyes and concentrated on the sensations. There was his solid body pressed against her back, steamy heat from the shower beating down on her skin, then there was his fingertips gliding over sensitive skin, probing and pressing, lighting her up. Before the intoxicating combination of all those sensations could take her too far, she pulled away. She smiled at her husband and eased down on her knees. She was finally going to get to him the way she'd been meaning to all day. She took his hard cock in one hand and his balls in the other. She slipped the head between her lips, circling it with her tongue as she softly used her nails to stimulate his sack. She heard a thump, as he slapped his hand against the shower wall to steady himself. She took her time stroking his length with her mouth, enjoying the noises he was making and the taste of his skin. While her mouth worked, she kept her hands in motion, touching his balls, thighs, even around to his firm ass. "Baby, I can't take much more," he groaned. Bella let go of his member and stood back up. She pressed against him and he met her lips for a long kiss. She could feel his cock trapped between the two of them. It was hard and thick. She couldn't keep her hands off of it. She took it in her hand and stroked as they kissed. Edward groaned more appreciation against her lips. "I need you in me," she told him. Then she turned and pressed her ass against him, standing up on the balls of her feet. She braced her hands on the built-in ledges of the shower. "That ass," she heard Edward growl in appreciation, as he rubbed the head of his cock against her slit. With one hand gripping her hip and the other guiding his dick, he plunged in. Bella let out something between and a groan and a yelp at being filled so full so fast. Her husband held still for a moment, to let her adjust to him, and to enjoy the feeling of her being wrapped around him. Then, he began to thrust. Sure and steady. He hiked one foot up on the ledge, to give himself a little different angle. It was even deeper. It was so deep and so good, Bella felt her eyes roll involuntarily. Now that at least one hand was free, Edward used it to see the sights. He palmed her breasts, teased nipples, and finally glided back down to find her clit. Being bent over like she was, Bella had a deliciously dirty view of his helping hand, and where their bodies were joined. It was incredibly arousing to see their bodies pushing and pulling against each other that way. Both feeling and watching had Bella getting deliriously close to her second orgasm of the day. She closed her eyes and focused on the feeling of him inside her. He was thick and long, and he was hitting that deep spot that hurt just a little, but felt so damn good at the same time. One last time, he hit that special spot and Bella felt her pussy throb, as the orgasm shot through her. "Oh my fucking God," she cried out. Her pussy was pulsing, and Edward grinding his dick deep inside her. When the waves of pleasure finally subsided, her body felt like Jello, and she was super glad she had a big, strong man that could hold her up because she damn well couldn't do it herself. "Now, it really is my turn," Edward said, gripping her waist with both hands. His voice sounded so hungry that it made her crave more, even though she was damn near exhausted. Bella's leg muscles were starting to shake from both exertion of standing on tip toes for so long, and from the sensation of her sensitive nether regions still being filled and stroked. At that point, she was mostly just quivering on her husband's dick. She reached a hand down between them and stroked his balls again to help him along. "I love it when you do that," Edward encouraged with a tremble in his voice. It wasn't long before she felt him stiffen and push down deep within her. He groaned loudly, as he finally found his release. His fingertips dug into her hips as he came. Bella was pretty sure there would be little love marks there the next day, and she wasn't the slightest bit mad about it. When he was finished, he slipped out and Bella turned to wrap her arms around him. He smiled down at her lovingly and kissed her forehead. She smiled back and laid her head against his chest, listening to his heartbeat slow as he calmed down. "Worth the wait?" she asked. "You're worth the wait every time, babe," he told her.