mighty tempting." "You wouldn't get fired or anything, would you?" "Nope. I could take a personal day." He passes his hand through Reese's hair a few times, and I can actually see the suggestion taking hold. "To be honest, that's starting to sound like a damn fine idea." "It's settled, then." This man bared his soul to me; it'd be cruel to continue fighting the urge to touch him—and I don't. Reaching over, I squeeze the hand resting on his knee. Without a word, Edward flips his hand over and interlocks our fingers. "Thank you," he practically whispers. "You're very kind to comfort a complete stranger." "You're not a stranger. You're a fellow chocolate lover. I have never seen Reese calmer than she's been with you. You have some kind of Midas puppy touch." He smiles again, and all the earlier warmth is back. "She has a great disposition; you can tell right from the start how a puppy is going to turn out. Did you pick her out yourself?" "She was the only chocolate in the litter. It was love at first sight." Edward's eyes catch mine; a blush heats my face. "Of course, the second I got her in the car, I realized I had absolutely no clue what I was doing with this creature. I thought it would come naturally; we always had pets growing up." Edward nods. "You should've seen me in the beginning with Della. It was all I could do to take her for a short walk without the silly thing snapping her neck in the collar. And the only time she paid any attention to my commands was when they happened to fall in line with exactly what she was going to do anyway. I was a terrible doggy dad." "I can't imagine you were as much of a spaz as I am." "At the risk of tarnishing my Midas image," he says with a self-effacing laugh, "I was a total spaz. There was no doubt as to who ruled the roost. You can ask Dr. Banner. He'll tell you." "How'd you get so good at this?" "Puppy kindergarten helped with the socialization, but mostly, it was about not battling wills. Labs want nothing more than to please their humans, but at the same time, they're goofy, wonderful, free spirits—like my wife and, I'm guessing, you." "So I have to just let her do whatever she wants?" "Noooo," he answers with a chuckle. "You need to teach her what you want her to do so she knows how to please you." "I think I'm confused." Edward squeezes my hand. "I can help you if you like." Oh, I like the sound of this! "You'll help me train Reese?" "Sure, but to be honest, I'd have Wonka do the heavy lifting." "Who's Wonka?" "He's my eight-year-old chocolate. Della taught him everything he knows, and he's gonna be one lonely guy when she doesn't come home with me later." "Aww, poor fella. I'm glad you don't have to be alone though." "No, I couldn't bear that," he says. Hmm, so there isn't another human after all. "So Della taught Wonka how to sit and stay and all that good stuff?" "Let's just say she modeled excellent behavior, and he figured out pretty quickly that being a good boy has its rewards. She also taught him how to swim, which was a rather comical process." "They need to be taught to swim?" "Some labs take to the water quickly—Della waded right in the first time I took her to the beach—but Wonka had no clue what those webbed feet were for until we went out on my boat, and Della showed him the way." His boat? I mind-hop into my bikini, hand myself a fruity cocktail, and gaze across the imaginary deck at a bare-chested, wind-blown Captain Edward. Sigh . . . "This sounds like the exact opposite of 'You can't teach an old dog new tricks.'" "Yes, ironic, isn't it?" he says with a snort. "You know, puppies aren't the only ones who can learn from an older dog." His blatant innuendo shocks me. Apparently, Edward is feeling better. Maybe we're good for him after all . "Is that so?" A mischievous grin pulls at the edges of his lips. "Just sayin'." As I answer his flirty offer, my own smile cannot be contained. Whatever Edward wants to teach, I am down for learning. "I don't even know your last name." Edward's laughter rings out. "I don't even know your first name!" "It's Bella. Bella Swan." Still holding my right hand in his left, Edward offers his other for a handshake. "Edward Cullen at your service, Bella Swan." I go in for the upside-down, left-handed clasp, which is so awkward, we both start to giggle—though his is a much more mature, masculine version. "In that case, Edward Cullen, I do have a few questions . . ." Author's Note: Research dollars to LLS saved my son's life, pure and simple. Eighteen months ago, in an E/R in Columbus, Ohio, our 23-year-old son faced the diagnosis—leukemia. The hematology oncologist told us that five years ago, he would've endured a bone marrow transplant and a far scarier prognosis. Today, because of organizations such as LLS, researchers have devised a treatment that treats the disease, almost obliterating its effects—nothing short of a miracle. I could not be prouder that our fandom supports this most worthy cause, and I'm honored to donate this piece. I'd like to thank Jayme TyZane, Ladyeire Breville, and Meredith Cullen for pre-reading this story to make sure it tugged on the right heart strings. As usual, Chayasara brought my story to heel with the perfect mix of love and discipline. To all who donated your money and/or talent to this effort, I thank you from the bottom of my heart. And to all the good people who devote their lives to treating this family of diseases, we owe you our son's life. XXX ~bornonhalloween