red velvets." "I suppose I could save one for you…if you told me you were going to be stopping by the shop." "I guess you better give me your phone number." In my head, Emmett rolled his eyes so hard it made me dizzy. Smooth move, Popeye. "I guess I should." Take that, Bluto! She fished one of her business cards out of her wallet and slid it across the table. I knew I'd never been happier in my whole life. That's when I saw the Island Queen on the horizon. The promise of seeing Bella again was all that kept the weight from crushing my chest. "Listen, I know this is a little quick, and it's been a weird day, to say the least, but I just can't ride back to school tomorrow without knowing if you taste as good as you smell." Okay, that sounded better in my head. "May I…kiss you, Bella?" She leaned in closer, so close it was impossible to see her lips without going cross-eyed. There was only one word I needed to hear, and she was merciful enough to say it. "Yes." Despite the beer and the creamy cilantro slaw and the Frank's hot sauce, Bella tasted sweeter than anything I'd ever tasted before. I made sure to get a good, long taste just to be sure. When I finally pulled away, a loud sigh filled the space between us. "Now I have a new problem," I confessed. "I know what I'll be missing." She dropped her gaze. "So come back soon." As the ferry pulled in, I made a point of reassuring her I would do just that. Little did either of us know, our reunion would be just two short weeks later. My heart nearly stopped when I saw that I'd missed her call, and I cursed coach's rule about leaving cellphones in the locker room during practice. Bella and I had only texted up to that point, so I knew it was bad before she even picked up. Her sad, "Hey," was all I needed to hear to know her father had passed. "Shit. I'm sorry, Bella." "Yeah." I could hear her fighting back tears. "Are you alone?" "No, I'm talking to you." I smiled despite myself. "I'm here." And you're there. So damn far away. "So, I have a huge favor to ask you." "Anything." "I know how you love boats…" "Yes, of course I'll go with you." "You will?" That infinitesimal lift in her mood was enough. Fuck my stomach! I'd chuck a million times if it would take away even a tiny bit of her pain. "Absolutely. When do you need me?" "Now…" Her soft sigh nearly broke my heart. "…but the funeral is on Thursday, eleven a.m. We'd need to take the 9:45 ferry. With traffic, that would mean leaving campus around 5:30. Ugh, you probably have classes—" "Done." "Yeah?" "Of course. Meet you at the dock?" "Sounds good. Thank you, Edward. It means so much to me." "I'm honored you asked." Two long, text-filled days later, my bleary, early-morning eyes found Bella waiting in "our spot" near the gangway. Coffee in one hand and bakery box in the other, she brightened when she saw me. "I have your ticket." "Bella, you didn't have to do that." She ignored me and pushed the coffee into my hand. "Breakfast of champions." I peered through the clear plastic lid of the white carton. "Are those…?" "Mmhmm." "You didn't have to do that either." Shit. "I don't think I should eat anything. You know me and boats." "Oh, wait! Here, hold this a sec." She dug into her purse and pulled out a small plastic container. "I got you the wristbands." "Hmph! Does this mean you're not going to hold my hand?" " ALL ABOARD FOR THE 9:45!" "No," she responded as we fell into line, "it just means I'm going to do it right this time." I couldn't argue with her plan. Still, when she led me to the stern, my stomach rolled with anxiety. "Is there any way I can coax you to ride on the bow today?" The sun kissed her cheeks as Bella lifted her chin toward the sky. She closed her eyes behind her sunglasses and pulled the ocean air into her lungs. She was deciding on a whole lot more than a seat on a boat, and I respected the moment though it felt like a lifetime before she answered. "With you next to me, I think I can." I reorganized the coffee and cupcakes so I could hold Bella's hand while we picked out two seats toward the middle of the bow. We didn't talk much, lulled by the rumble of the engine and the splash of the waves against the side of the boat. Bella was lost in her thoughts, and I was knuckle deep in the best red velvet I'd ever tasted and thrilled that the wristbands were working. Halfway through the second cupcake, I convinced Bella to take a few bites. When we'd both had enough, we licked the crumbs off our fingers and held hands again. This seat beside this girl on this boat that had been my nemesis all summer was now exactly where I was meant to be. An intense calm washed over me; I had found my direction. The wind rearranged our hair as the boat relentlessly parted the deep, blue future in front of us. ^MAGNETIC NORTH^ Hugs and kisses to Ladyeire for this gorgeous banner, but even more for helping me work out the plot line and figure out how to tell this story in such a short space. As always, my bottomless gratitude to Chayasara for her mastery with words, most especially the ones she uses to gently cajole me when she knows the ending isn't quite right. *wink* Hope you all enjoyed the story! XXX BOH (aka Kaye P Hallows if you're looking for my published work or my facebook page)