holler if you need us, alright? We're sticking close by," Rose tells us, and the others nod in agreement. "Thanks," I whisper, feeling exhaustion creep up on me. "Let's get you upstairs." I nod at Edward's words and, slowly, we follow the others to the second floor, where they disappear into their rooms with their partners. Edward ushers me into his room, being careful and mindful of the aches I'm sporting. Edward shuts the door and guides me into his attached bathroom, turning the shower on. The enclosed space fills with warmth, and I shiver at the contrast of temperature between my skin and the steam slowly growing in the room. "Should I leave so you can get undressed?" "No. Stay." He nods and helps me undress, but there's nothing sexual about it. It's just a boyfriend helping his girlfriend while she's injured. After everything is off, Edward quickly strips his clothes off, the sound of them making a wet splattering sound against the tiled floor. Slowly, he helps me into the walk-in shower and under the spray of the water. My sensitive muscles tense at first contact of the massaging shower head, but slowly ease after a few moments. Relaxation kicks in and I stand under the spray, letting the water wash away the grass and dirt from the evening. If only it could wash away the marks on my throat and the bruises on my back. Opening my eyes, I see Edward glancing at me with worried eyes, and I hold out a hand, wanting his touch. Before I can blink, he's holding my hand within his own, pressing it to his cheek as he places sporadic kisses on every surface of skin he can reach. "I was so scared. I thought tonight would be fun. I didn't really expect to see anything, you know? I thought that it was all stories, but when I saw you flying across that cemetery ...when I saw that ghost pull you from my grasp, I thought I wasn't going to see you again." I hush his frenzied voice, pulling him toward me. "I'm fine," I whisper in his ear. "I'm here." He jerkily nods his head, prompting me to place a kiss under his ear. His hands grasp my hips—as to not hurt my back—squeezing them in response. The air around us sizzles as the mood changes. Before we were so worried and scared we might not make it out of Rocking Creek alive. Now, there is relief and a feeling of security and love, knowing that we're fine and safe. My fingers glide up his arms and shoulders, finding their place in his wet hair. Slowly, sensuously, his hands glide down my hips and over my backside, making me shiver in pleasure. His fingers tease the soft skin, kneading it softly and sensually. My breathing stutters as his lips attach to mine, soft but demanding. His tongue sweeps across my lips, and I grant him entrance, eagerly taking in the unique taste of him. Without breaking contact, he lowers us to the shower floor, his back resting against the tiles. I fold down onto my knees, keeping a little bit of space between us, as our lips hungrily devour each other. My hands tighten in his hair as he gently maneuvers me forward and in one instant, we're connected. Slowly, I move over him, swallowing his groans. His hands slowly, but passionately move over my skin, bringing me closer and closer to pleasure. Finally, I fall over the edge, moaning into his mouth. Edward moves within me a few more times before succumbing to his own orgasm, his face etched in ecstasy. Slowly, our muscles uncoil and we relax into each other's arms, letting the shower rain down on us as we try to remain in this post coital glow as long as we can. My knees begin to throb as Edward shifts, telling me he's just as uncomfortable as I am. Reluctantly, we stand, but keep our fingers entwined and quickly finish showering. Once we're finished, Edward hands me a pair of his boxers and a shirt, helping me slip them on before dressing himself. "I'm sorry about tonight," he says once we're lying in his bed, our arms wrapped around one another. "It's not your fault I'm clumsy, Edward." "I know, but I should have protected you." "Edward, she was a ghost. There's nothing you could have done." Edward says nothing; he just squeezes me tightly, placing a kiss on my forehead. "We'll have to tell our parents," I say, playing with the hem of his shirt. "We'll have to explain the marks on me. I don't want Charlie or your parents jumping to conclusions." "I know. I just hope they believe us." "Charlie will. He grew up here. He knows the stories. He probably knows someone that went there and experienced the same thing as us, you know?" "Yeah, hopefully." His words are cut off with a yawn. I tilt my head up, making him tiredly look down at me. "Let's sleep." He nods before planting a heavy kiss on my lips. "I love you, Bella." "I love you, too." I settle myself into his arms, feeling exhaustion creep into my bones and steal me away into the land of sleep. 8*8*8*8*8*8 I'm not sure how long I sleep for, but it doesn't feel like I've slept for long as I come into consciousness. Edward's chest rises and falls beneath me, alerting me to the fact that he's still deeply asleep. I know it's still dark outside, as no sunlight is coming through the curtains, so I try to settle down, hoping I will fall heavily asleep once more. However, the feeling of extreme fear keeps me from doing so. My eyes pop open and my blood turns to ice as I release a loud scream, meeting the hateful and ire filled gaze of Amelia Jane Porter sitting on the edge of Edward's bed. A/N: Happy Halloween!