her legs, flipping open the buttons of his fly while he crawled up her body and settled into the junction of her legs. Dropping forward, he found her belly button with his lips and tongue and decided to stay right there for a bit. Soft, warm, goose-bumpy girl. Edward's fingers worked open her fly, and she lifted her hips while he gave the jeans a couple of tugs, revealing a teeny bikini made of the same blue silk as the bra. Did she match like this every day, or had she remembered the third time would be a charm? And who the hell cares? he mused. She's beautiful, and she's mine. He hooked his fingers over the waistband of her panties and inched them down over her hips and thighs. Bella drew her hands up over her head on the bed, burying them under the pillow. Her back arched like an over-tightened cello bow, and she sighed as his lips followed the whisper of fabric down her thighs, over her knees, over her calves and ankles. He watched her carefully as he climbed between her thighs and took his first taste. "Oh my god," she said, pulling the pillow over her face. A flick here, a wet kiss, his warm tongue. Bella wriggled and squealed. She was embarrassed to show her face, but Edward definitely got the message―she was enjoying herself. Opening her wide, Edward lapped at her as if reaching for the custard filling in one of her cream puffs. Bella moaned and pumped her hips against his face, and he went wild. Tongue, lips, even tiny nibbles with his teeth. Her arms tightened around the pillow, her thighs tensed around his shoulders, and her hips lifted right off the bed as she let out a muffled shriek. He followed her orgasm with gentle kisses and soft caresses until she relaxed into the bed and tossed the pillow away with a long, luxurious sigh. Edward rose onto his knees, took one look at Bella's disheveled hair and blissed out smile, and laughed. "Was it good for you?" he teased. "Shut. Up." She blushed bright red, and Edward thought she could not be more perfect. And then she was. "Your turn." She watched him with a lazy smile as he drew down his jeans and boxers. Stroking himself a couple of times as he crawled back to her, he asked, "What do you want, Bella?" His voice was raw with need. Whatever Bella answered, as long as it involved his penis, he'd be happy. Very, very happy. Bella tipped onto her side and reached into the nightstand drawer. With a condom in one hand, she curled her finger in a 'c'mere,' opening her legs in invitation. He settled between her thighs and watched with eager fascination as she placed the condom on his tip and tenderly rolled it down over his shaft. Even through the barrier, her touch felt like heaven. She trailed her fingertips along his sac; he moaned out loud. And he was inside her. Dropped forward onto his palms, he kissed her. Pulsating at both ends. Edward's secret drawings popped into his head, the ones he hadn't shown her yet. Sketches of her lips, a breast, other parts he could only have imagined when he drew them, now a photographic memory he'd savor forever. If only he could draw this ecstasy … But I can! he realized with a start. Not his own, but his partner's, and what could be better? Pushing away from her lips with a lingering kiss, Edward lifted himself up again, meeting her soft, brown eyes with the intensity of his own gaze—the gaze of lover, but even more than that, the artist. Not missing a twitch, a single curl of her lip, the tiny pink mound of her tongue, waiting, trusting, joining. The images clicked into his brain, each finding its place in the album he would later create on paper. For her. Unfocused eyes. A quiver of the chin. A crease in her forehead. The tongue swiping across her lower lip, leaving it glistening. Goosebumps on her chest, nipples tightened into points. Tension building in every muscle, coiling, spiraling … and release. The actual moment eluded him. His eyes clamped shut with a violent urgency he couldn't control as his orgasm roared through him. What he couldn't see, he heard—her soft grunts building to a delicate sigh. He felt—her arms wrapped around his neck and pulled him to her chest, her fingers running through his hair. He tasted—the sweet, salty taste of her skin. He smelled—their musk filling the bedroom like an apple pie in the oven. "Wow," Bella said, after several peaceful minutes had passed. Edward lifted his head cautiously; it wasn't every day he got a 'wow.' "Same." "So … I have a little confession," she said. His mind raced, taking him all kinds of snarly places he never wanted to be, least of all with Bella. Boyfriend, husband, criminal record, STD's— "Today is my birthday." Author's Note: Happy birthday, Yummy! Hope you enjoyed our version of a fantasy involving a young handsome valet named Adonis. When Shell and I first talked about how to write this, we knew it would end up E/B, but we weren't sure how we'd get there. Would B be the mistress of the house? We didn't want to write a cheater! What about Emmett? The perennial question- straight or gay? Would he want Bella? Would he want Edward? Carlisle? Well, anyway, here's where we ended up, and we hope you liked it. We even wrote the het sex! I hope the imagery of the custard filling doesn't ruin things for anyone tonight. (Send your therapy bills my way.) As usual, it was my pleasure and honor to share the gdoc with the fabulous Miss Shell Taylor, aka shellshock81. She's also posted the story on her account, so feel free to send her some love too. MWAH! Enjoy your special day, Jen! XXX ~BOH