she was in the target demographic for the film. Well it didn't have a name, so yes, he might as well tell her, so she didn't try to hit on me. "The song doesn't have a name yet. I composed it myself. It's still coming together. Really, it's not entirely finished." "I'll let her know," and he walked towards the bar. I sat at the piano, placed my Heineken on the little stool and started playing. I played it all the way through, no mistakes and then I took another swig of beer and played it again. The Armani suit dudes kept on talking; they didn't even glance my way. The cigar man was leaning on the balcony balustrade, he didn't even register that he heard me playing. But then, I got that feeling, that tingling down my spine, like there was suddenly static electricity in the air. I knew business woman had returned to her table and she was watching me. ~0~ ~~Bella~~ I decided I might as well give up tonight. I'd been sitting in front of my notes and laptop stressing about whether he would show up and play, and every time I'd try to write, nothing, nada, complete blank. Damn, I knew my writing roll was too good to be true. I took a slow sip of wine and got up to use the bathroom. OK , I mentally berated myself. Go and ask Mike the super sweet concierge to deliver my lyrics anonymously to the mystery guest and then, that will be it! I can go back and keep writing. I suspected that just having the lyrics in my possession was what was causing my bout of writers block. Once they were out of my possession, everything would be okay. I washed my hands and dried them with the soft fluffy hand towel and then squirted on some hand moisturizer when I heard it. That beautiful song was in my head again. But it wasn't my head this time. It was him and he was playing the song again and it was even more surreal than last night, because I was standing in the bathroom at the 'purple' bar and I was suddenly extremely nervous at going back to my table. I took a deep breath. Tonight will be a write-off. Go out, pack up your stuff and give him the lyrics on the way out. Then start afresh tomorrow. Easy! I slowly walked back to my table; the music was exquisite. I sat down and scooted over to the middle of the circular booth. I grabbed the perfectly typed out lyrics and waited. I looked up to watch him. His torso was rigid and stiff the only movement seemed to come from his elbows down. He would occasionally slightly move his head to the right, or glance up over the piano out to the view. Then the song finished, the last keystroke seemed to reverberate through the air like a wind-chime. PLEASE PLAY IT AGAIN , I yelled mentally. I just wanted to sing along in my head. I watched as he took another swig of his beer and then, just like I wished in my head, he played the song again. I took a look at the paper and I started singing the first verse, the second, into the chorus, the third verse, the bridge (wow he had fine tuned it slightly) and then final verse. I sighed. A single tear formed in my eye. My heart had been pumping in my chest a million miles and hour. He got up, grabbed his beer and fumbled for something his pocket. Cigarettes, yuck . He sauntered outside to the balcony. Okay, when he comes back I'll give him the lyrics and then go. I took a sip of wine then I started packing away my things. I felt sweaty and lightheaded. I'd been feeling anxious all night. Maybe I was coming down with something. Or maybe I just needed another drink. I topped my wine glass up and sculled it entirely. I've never written lyrics before and I wasn't even sure if he would want them, or even if the song needed to have any in the first place. I shouldn't let that stop me, because I felt that there was something in that 'episode' and something was internally screaming at me to just do what I said I would do. So I closed the laptop lid, slid it into my bag, and gathered my notebook and pen. Everything was packed away except the sheet of crisp white paper with my lyrics. Just as I went to scoot over to get out of the booth, James stood before me smiling. "Excuse me Ms Swan, I took the liberty of asking the gentleman about the song. He wrote it himself, though he said it's not finished. It does not have a title." "Oh, thanks James." Okay, no title, maybe no lyrics then? "Can I get you anything else from the bar?" he asked. "No, I was just leaving, but I'll see you tomorrow." I shuffled along the booth and looked up to see that the pianist had returned, and he stretched his shoulder blades together and started playing the song again. I sat there in awe. I closed my eyes and sang along in my head. And in that three minutes, I knew that it was the right thing to do. If he didn't want them, he could throw them away. I knew that song would be with me forever, regardless. It was stamped into my brain and into my soul, and I knew that there would be a way to break from the writers' block. Maybe I'd just have to find a new bar to write in. Okay, this is it! As he played the final verse, I stood up, flung my bag strap over my shoulder and walked over to the piano. ~0~ A/N: Reviews are so much better than an icy Heineken.