black slick hair, and brown eyes. Something about his eyes reminded me of an animal I had seen a year or so ago when I was exploring the forest. A large wolf, my mother had told me were the Quileutes. That possessed the land on the other side of the river that split both lands apart. I flipped the picture over for a caption in the middle. "Me and Jacob' I shook my head and refocused myself. I took each picture that included me and ripped them from the frames and secured them into a box. This would be one thing I would conceal within Forks, so that I could have something, should I visit, to see my Mother. I double wrapped the dark Grey duck-tape around the file box and set it aside. I would use fake pictures to burn so that my mother wouldn't be tempted to look for these ones I kept. My next step was to disassemble my belongings and carry them to the burning sight where I would set my belongings on fire and let them turn to ash. I peaked up at my clock and noted. It was 2 o'clock. Two more hours left in my home. I sighed and made my way up the stairs to my room equipped with a screw driver, hammer, cardboard boxes, and a plastic bag. I used the screw driver to disassemble my bed, to unscrew the T.V. Mount from my wall, and then to remove the other t.v. Accessories from my shelves such as my DVD collection, Nintendo 64 console, and DVD player. I tossed the electronics, wooden bed, and anything I had taken apart into a pile. I took the hammer and smashed apart my nightstands, lamps, and anything I got my hands on that could be broken and that my screw driver couldn't take apart cleanly. Once everything was in a big enough pile, I moved onto the things I should bag. I collected every kind of clothing I owned and tossed it in. I would have taken them with me, but they had my scent too strongly into them. I wouldn't be able to keep my scent disguised. I could wear the clothes I was wearing already, I would stop in Forks before I made my last top, to get something new to wear. With the boxes, I packed my porcelain figures in. It would break my heart to break them at the sight, but I had to do it. I tied the bag tightly and threw it in with the pile, looking at my alarm clock, the clock signaled to me, it was 3pm. I took the hour carrying the wood and electronics pile up to the burn sight. It was a large clearing just outside of Forks, running alone took me 5 minutes to reach the sight. After 5 trips with wood, electronics, and shattered objects, and lastly, I brought my boxed items. I took a deep breath and ventured back to the house around 3:30, and made a run of the house making sure I had everything. My mind traced back to one last thing. Anything that would indicate I was even born. I went into my Mom's room and removed anything I had ever given her. I wouldn't burn them, I would store them like I would the pictures. After searching, I was becoming worried about the time and thought I would have to abandon my search, but finally I came across a box of files in my Mom's closet. Anything that had my name, I removed. Once I combed the room once again, I found nothing tied to me. I turned off the light and exited the room, before slowly taking the stairs and going out the front door. Before going, I looked around at my home. I would miss it dearly. Many memories with my Mom and Aunt Rose were here. My eyes trailed over the staircase that ascended from the front door to the top story, on either side of the bottom of the staircase were two archways. The left side lead to the large front room with 2 dark brown love seats, the first lined the south wall. The next lined the west. Accented with brilliant white carpet and red horizontal stripped walls. The right entrance, consisted of the kitchen with cherry-wood cabinets, black marble tops, and a large window collection over the sink and in front of the dining room. I looked at the clock and sighed. 3:40. I was on time. I frowned and closed the door and used my speed to get to the sight. I placed my box of pictures away from the pile to, dug out the gasoline and matches and set them aside as well. I located my hammer and my figurines. I closed my eyes as I brought the hammer down and crushed each and everyone of them. I could hear the porcelain breaking a halo busting noise. When I was sure I had busted all of my figurine, I opened my eyes and sighed. I hadn't known that I was crying until a slight cold breeze brushed my face, the wetness on my face gave me a chill, but thanks to my naturally scorching skin, It warmed up again. I wiped my face and then sighed. A lump built up in my throat, I swallowed it back. Memories of my Mother, Aunt, everything that was good replacing the view in front of me in one last attempt to beg me to stay. I blinked away the memories and ignored the burning agony in my stomach that threatened to send my breakfast up. I took one final breath and drenched everything in gasoline, struck the match, and flicked it into the pile. Immediately orange flames grew up to the sky as I let out a deep breath. A sigh of half relief, and half sadness. Relief because I had done it. Sadness, because there was no turning back now.