I was pulled in by two cold, pale hands. I knew that there was no escaping, that my luck had finally run out, so I willed my body to go limp. A female's voice then whispered in my ear, and, I quote, 'Ahh, what a good little human. You know you're about to be tortured.' It took me a few seconds to understand that it was Theresa. I must have uttered her name out loud when I did figure it out because she said, 'You know my name? Good, I want it to be the last thing that comes from your lips. And wasn't that your dying wish when you were with Grayson? That you know your killer's name?' I couldn't have been more shocked than I did then. How did Theresa know about that? When I asked how she knew, she responded by saying, 'Oh, I have eyes and ears everywhere, little girl. Now, let's get on with your death, shall we? You are going to die on the same day as my beloved Bernard, and you are going to rot in hell for what you did.' I told her to just do it. "She lifted my left wrist to her mouth and waited for a minute, building suspense, before biting and sucking in a few mouthfuls. She quickly moved to my other wrist and did the same thing. A few seconds later, I felt the burning fire build in my hands. I begged her to make it stop, and she did put out the fire in my left wrist by sucking out the venom, but the fire was still raging up my right arm. She started to lift that arm but we heard a male voice yell 'Hey!' She stiffened, like she was afraid of something, I just didn't know what. She moved to run, but before she did, Theresa leaned down by my ear and whispered, 'This isn't over.' Then she ran. "That's when Carlisle comes into the story, and he asked me if I was alright, and I remember thinking what a stupid question that was, couldn't I just be left to die in peace? But what was the harm in telling this supposed doctor that my arm was on fire? The last thing I heard before succumbing to the fire was, 'Okay, I'm going to get you out of here; you're going to be just fine.'" I turned to face Carlisle directly. "What were you doing in Seattle, anyways?" I asked him. "Alice called and told me to go to Seattle, that something big was going to happen, she just wasn't sure what." Everyone turned to Alice. "I'm sorry for not telling you about Ava," she said. "I didn't want to get your hopes up of getting a new sibling only for her to die in the end." "Well, you did have a hand in saving my life, so thank you," I told her. At their confused looks, I said, "When the fire finally died down, I was upset because I believed myself to be dead, and I was distressed over the fact that I would never see Bella again. Then when I realized I was a vampire, I was upset because I did not want to be a monster, but that was before I heard of the vegetarian lifestyle." Everyone smiled and Carlisle said, "Ava, while you seem to have exceptional self-control, we would like to help you, through your newborn year at least. Would you like to stay and be apart of this family?" I played around with the name 'Ava Cullen' in my head for a little bit. There really was no need for deliberation; I already knew what the answer was. I smiled at them all. "Yes." {{{{{{{{{{}}}}}}}}}} August 28th, 1997 I was supposed to be 16-years-old today. 16 years I have walked on this earth. Nine of those years I spent with the family that gave birth to me, the family I shared blood with. Six of those years I spent my birthday without my family, spending my time running away from vampires. Six of those years I was alone. This past year I have stayed with my adopted family, the family connected by venom rather than blood. I've had wrestling matches with my older brothers, shopping trips with my sisters and surrogate mom, and vacations spent with the entire family. I had learned how to properly use my gift, which frequently helped when pranking Emmett. Everyone had learned of my exceptional self-control through the story of that first hunting trip, all of them having a good laugh at my expense. But now that I had a great relationship with my adopted family, I wanted to see how my human family was faring. "Carlisle," I said, alerting him to my presence. "Ava, what is it you need?" he asked. I started making my case. "Well, you have all been very good to me this past year, and I thank you for that, but I want to go see how my human family is doing. I'll try and be quick, and I promise I'll come back." He smiled warmly at me. "I understand. You have your phone if you need to contact us. Have a safe trip." "Thank you," I said, then ran to the garage. I hopped in my car and drove speedily down to Forks. If my research was correct, Mom, Dad, and Bella still lived in our old house. I stored my car in the garage at the house Carlisle had said the Cullen's had in Forks for if they came down for a few years. As soon as I was out of the car, I was off and running towards the house I hadn't seen in seven years. A smile made its way onto my face as I stopped at the tree line and spotted the house. I started walking at human speed towards the window so I could look inside, but something stopped me: a scream.