"Time to sleep, we have a long hike in front of us." He stated in a firm tone and looked at Emmett and Edward. "Okay mom." Emmett said and helped Edward change and settle down into his sleeping bag. Emmett snuggled up in his own but he was too tall for it, the top half of his body wasn't covered. Jasper slid into his own, wearing a large hoodie and a couple of layers since he got cold easily. The three males settled into their sleeping bags ad drifted off to sleep, unknowing of what this hike would bring them. It had been a week since they set out, having already hiked over one of the larger mountains they were now down and in Washington and from what Jasper calculated a couple hundred miles outside Port Angeles. This part of the valley was just forest and no towns any where near. Emmett yawned as he stumbled some on the terrain and Edward grunted. "Watch out." He stated and Emmett just rolled his eyes. Over the past week the man had become more vocal and even smiled frequently, this only gave Jasper and Emmett the positive reassurance to blaze on. Jasper looked pale as he held out his hand and a small snowflake landed on it. "We got trouble. I didn't notice the storm coming." Jasper said, knowing he missed it because of his exhaustion from hiking with the huge pack. The man was not built for carrying 80+ pounds on his back while hiking traitorous terrain. Emmett looked worried at Jasper then glanced up. "So do we just hunker down till it passes?" He asked as he took a moment to set Edward down and stretch. Jasper shook his head, looking to be in deep thought. "We'll get snow in, it's very dangerous. I would say try to make it to town but Port Angeles is around 200 miles north, we wouldn't make it." Jasper murmured and his eyebrows knitted together as he thought about what they could do. Emmett stretched some more and frowned. "Well if we get close maybe we can find someone? I have to piss real quick." Emmett said brightly as he stomped off behind some bigger trees. Jasper continued looking at the map then back up at the sky. Emmett's voice hollered in pain and the sound of his falling echoed through the trees. "Fuck FUCK FUCK!" Emmett yelled and Jasper dropped his map and ran. He rounded the two large trees and saw Emmett holding his leg. Jaspers eyes traveled don the leg and saw Emmett's ankle encircled by a large rusty piece of metal. A bear trap. "Shit Emmett." Jasper murmured, his eyes wide as he crouched down besides his friend. "Is he okay?" Edward shouted from where they had set down their packs. "He stepped in a bear trap." Jasper shouted back and looked over the bear trap carefully. Emmett's jaw was taut in pain and he looked up at the trees above him, trying to focus on anything but the pain. "It's definitely broken." Jasper said in a calm but serious tone. "No shit." Emmett hissed and snapped his eyes closed. "We need help." Jasper said and stood up, not wanting to damage his ankle further. He jogged back to Edward and dug his cell phone out of his pack and almost threw it when he had no cell service. "Why are there bear traps all the way out here?" Edward asked with a deep frown. Jasper ran his hands threw his honey colored hair and shrugged. "Some asshole trying to kill hikers most likely." he hissed and walked back to Emmett and kneeled by him once again. Edward could hear the muffle of his friends talking and he laid his head back against the tree. They were royally fucked. He heard a branch break to his right and he looked up, hoping it wasn't the bear that trap was supposed to catch. He grabbed Jasper's pack and yanked out Emmett's large hunting knife from it. He held it in front of him, his hand shaking, betraying his fear. He would have called for Jasper but he didn't want him to leave Emmett who seemed more in need of him. "Hello?" He asked in a quivering voice and jumped as a small chipmunk scurried out of the brush. "Holy hell." Edward breathed in relief and dropped his arm. Just as Edward let go of the knife a large 6'7" man stepped out off the brush. His long raven hair was tied back, revealing his strong features and chiseled jaw, all wrapped up in a little hottie bow by his russet skin. His brown eyes looked down and landed on Edward who looked completely shocked and frozen in his place. "Heard a scream. You need some help?" He asked and Edward nodded dumbly, his eyes trailing down his muscular chest to his well endowed area below the belt. His eyes snapped back up as Jasper jogged over. The brown skinned man looked up at Jasper and offered a friendly smile. "Was hunting right outside town and heard the scream, need some help?" He asked and Jasper looked confused but nodded. "Yeah, our friend stepped in a bear trap and isn't town 200 miles away?" Jasper murmured as he gestured for the man to follow him. "PT is but Forks is about a mile south, it isn't on any maps since we're pretty small. I'll help you over there. Doc Rose is always on call if Carlisle isn't in." He murmured and Jasper just nodded as he and the man crouched down by Emmett. Edward strained to hear what they were saying. "I'm Jasper and this is Emmett and our friend Edward." Jasper said and looked at the huge man who looked at Emmett's ankle in concern. "I'm Jacob, Jacob Black." He stated. {{I don't have a beta-reader T.T So sorry for the terrible-ness x_x Thank you guys for reading! 3 3 3}}