again. "What little detail might that be?" "So . . . the gods don't exactly grant exclusives to muses just so an author can finish a story. Even if it is a bestselling series." "Huh?" Mace bites his lip and studies a spot on the ceiling before turning back. "Bella." Gulp. He's not my character talking to my other character. He's Mace, talking to me. "What are you saying, Mace? Why did they let you come here?" "Because . . . I'm in love with you." I'm not sure I have the tools to process this. We've just crossed lines and worlds and Mace loves me ! "But you're . . . and I'm . . . can this happen ?" He shrugs. "It happened." "Has this ever happened before?" "Not to me," he answers with a rueful smile. Poor Mace; I've never seen him so insecure. Oh wait, I have. Book five. Right before Elizabeth shuts him out, and Mace turns into a giant dick. "Why didn't you tell me this at the book store? Or in the car? Or at the restaurant? Or before we . . . did that !" "That would've been a dick move. I needed you to accept my offer because it was the best move for your career. And I definitely needed you to have sex with me for the right reasons." "Love isn't a good reason to have sex? "I couldn't let you base your decision on my feelings." "So you blackmailed me instead?" "It killed me to have to do that to you." His mouth twists into a terrible scowl. "For the record, I didn't make up the part about the cover. That is how it works." "But why?" "I guess if Apollo made it too easy, all the muses would've defected by now." I can't begin to separate all the pieces right now. My heart's in a freefall, and my head is in no position to catch it. "I'm sorry, I have no idea what I'm supposed to say." "I don't know, Bella. You're the writer." A dark chuckle leaves him, and I understand I've already hurt him. "I am, however, starting to understand why Mace hasn't opened up to Elizabeth." Crap . "I'm really sorry I suck at this." He frowns at me because now we're both sad. He does that sweet gesture he knows I love, tucking my hair behind my ear. "Bella, there's nothing to be good at. Just say what's in your heart. It doesn't have to be Pulitzer-worthy." He blinks too fast, staving off tears. "Just tell me you love me back—if you do, that is." "Oh, Mace. Of course I love you." The storm brewing behind his eyes clears out as quickly as it arrived, and a bright smile takes its place. Yes, Mace owns me, but I own him right back. I may not have created Mace Cullen without divine inspiration, but if the price is loving and being loved by the man of my dreams till death do us part, that is a deal I will take any day of the week. THE END...for now *wink* A/N: The original inspiration for this story came during a chat with Shad Masen. We were discussing how our plots sometimes get highjacked, and I was lamenting about a particular runaway character I was attempting to nail down. Shad made the seemingly innocuous comment, "As if you were ever in charge." Well, that baby stuck with me, all right! I got to thinking, and my love for mythology kicked in, and voila, 15k later and a contest description that fit the bill, and there you have it, folks: Mace, the muse was born. Thank you, Shad, for the idea, although you had no clue what followed until maybe RIGHT THIS SECOND. Many thanks to Jayme TyZane for helping me shape the characters and plot in your own special way. To Shell, for her always-sage advice, especially about darkening the character to fit the contest theme, and her very sweet ability to empathize with me when word counts are imposed. As you can see, I bumped right up against that 15k max. As in, I had about 4 words to spare. I was counting ellipses, people! To my sweet, wonderful, amazing Chayasara, for always starting with yes, but never shying away from the red pencil. I also want to thank the readers and reviewers over at the CPS contest for giving this story some love, even though it was a bit outside the norm. There are some lovely reviews over there, all the more special because you didn't know it was me! I plan to answer each one. I want to particularly thank the organizers of the contest, Nic and Carrie, for hosting a contest that inspired my story along with so many other high quality entries. Deadlines were adhered to, secrets were kept, identities were secret, and voting- bless your hearts- was one and done. The banners are gorgeous (and thank you Jada D'Lee, aka Rose Arcadia, for the gorgeous blinkie!) And of course, my total gratitude to the JUDGES who were so very kind to this story. You girls rocked my world with your love for this quirky story. Thank you so very much. So much love all around for the warm, gooey feeling your beautiful awards have left in my heart. Will I continue Mace and Bella's story? Sure, if I hear more. Right now, I'm sprucing up KEA over at my blog (I don't remember why I started, but now I'm BOUND to finish). After that, I'm writing a one-shot for the Fandom for Mental Health Awareness- it's going to be a very delicious Edward/Bella story, and I'll tell you more over at Facebook once I decide to reveal the name! And oh yeah, there's this novel I'm trying to get published. Thanks for being here. Your feedback, support, and encouragement mean the world to me. Twilight fandom, still going strong! XXX ~BOH