and his lips met mine. His kiss was so different and warm. He took his time caressing me with his tongue. I followed his technique and devoured him. My heart was racing and our breathing was getting heavy. My hands finally freed his belt and his trousers fell to the floor. I pulled him on top of me as he kissed my jawline and neck. He nibbled on my ear and let his tongue massage it. It was unbearable yet so welcoming. I released little moans from the back of my throat that came out uncontrollably. We were suddenly interrupted by pounding at the door. "This is the police! Everyone out of their rooms now!" Holy fuck! Why were the police here? Edward and I both stopped in our tracks, and he helped me up and get dressed. I was panicking. My father was going to kill me. "Edward. I can't have the police know I'm here. My father is Chief. He'll know." Edward's face meant he wanted to protect me, so he walked over to the closet and opened the door. "Stay in here and I'll come back for you." I was petrified and shaking. He gave me a blanket to cover me and before he left, his arms came around my waist and pulled me towards him. I could feel his hardness rub against my thigh. He still desired me even after all this craziness. He leaned down and kissed my lips. They felt bruised from his long kiss, but I didn't care at that moment. I wanted to remember the feeling of his warmth on my lips. He closed the closet door, paused for a moment to give himself some time. Then I could hear him opening the bedroom door. "Hello, Officer." He was so calm when answering. "Are you the only one here in this room?" "Yes. Just me. I was resting in my room." "Are you Edward Cullen?" "Yes." "So this is your residence?" "Yes, sir." "Well, there's been a death reported here, so wanted to make sure you were aware." "I'm sorry, who's passed away?" "It's Mr. Pierce." "Rob Pierce?" "Yeah. Got a 9-1-1 call from here. Looks like the old man was having too much fun, if you know what I mean. Your parties, they're something else. Not illegal, but just something else." "Does Alice know?" "Alice?" "Yes, his wife." "She's downstairs. She's shaken up, but that's to be expected from a wife. But looks like she's soon going to be a rich widow. Old dying bastard was greedy with money, but loved that woman." "I'll go talk to her soon. Is there anything else you need from me, Officer?" "Nope, just have to take the body to the morgue and write up a report. Making sure there was no foul play here, but highly doubt it. Old Pierce was reaching his time anyways. Have a good night, Mr. Cullen." "You too, Officer, and thank you." It was silent for a moment, and the door finally closed. I heard footsteps coming closer to the closet. Edward opened the door. I was in shell shock not only because of everything I heard, but because he removed his mask. He was astonishing to look at. "Bella. Are you alright?" I nodded my head. "Did you hear any of that conversation?" I nodded my head again. "Poor Alice." That's all I could say. "Don't feel sorry for her. She's soon to inherit billions. The only problem is Rob Pierce was a smart guy, and he liked younger women. A lot. If he had saw you tonight first, I'm sure he would have killed me to get to you. But don't worry, I would have never allowed it." "What does that have to do with anything?" "He knew Alice was only into his money, I mean why else would a woman like her show interest in an old man? He had his will changed, so she would inherit nothing. She doesn't know he changed it. Or at least I don't think she does. Unless she did and then decided to kill him. Who knows, it's only speculation." "Oh my God, Edward! Jasper!" "All this going on tonight, and you're worried about Jasper?" "I'm sorry. I thought there was an understanding about all these type of events, and who belonged to whom at the end of the night." He suddenly changed his mood and seemed cold. He turned away from me, and spoke with a soft monotone voice. "You're right. Have a good evening, Bella. I'm sure Jasper is waiting for you downstairs." I didn't want him to feel this way. How was I going to rectify this? But I was never going to see him again. This event wasn't what I had expected, and I wasn't going to return. I placed my hand on his back shoulder, "I'm sorry, Edward." His shoulders stiffened at my touch, and I felt terrible. Alice was right. Tonight I was not going to forget this night, but I may be regretting it now. "Good night, Edward." "Good night, Bella." I walked out of the room and wanted to cry. Why were my emotions taking over me? He meant nothing to me, yet I felt like I betrayed him. But it was Jasper that I had betrayed. I ran down the stairs and saw Jasper. "Bella!" I ran into his arms and cried into his shoulders. I couldn't stop the tears from pouring. "Please let's go home. I don't ever want to come back." "Sure thing, Bella, I want to go home too." ••••••••• A/N: Hi All! I'm giving this a try with Bella and Edward. This story has been contemplating in my head and I wanted to put it out before I would forget. Please let me know if you like this or not. Trying to find motivation. LOL! I'll still keep writing cause I love writing, so if you find yourself continuing to read this story, then thank you! -kl