even his room, it looked like something out of minimalistic digest; the window was practically a wall, the selves were stacked with records and books that he'd either never heard of or didn't want to associate with. Nothing was his, just the t-shirt and boxer shorts he wore. He slowly rose to his feet, making sure that the tarp covered all of his exposed skin. He wander over to the mirror which doubled as a door that led to a potential wardrobe. What intrigued his curiosity wasn't the mirror itself, but what the mirror reflected. In it, he could see his own room; that was his bed, with the distinctive green knitted throw that his mother made for him over the edge. That was his TV monitor that had a map from Halo illuminating the room. The strangest part about this, was that he was in the reflection also. Not him as he was right now, but him asleep on his bed. He noticed that the Twilight book lay flat on his chest, opened on a random page. After much deliberation and confusion, Tyler came to the conclusion that he must have been dreaming. He must have gotten the material for this dream from the book, and so the gut sinking realisation that he was dreaming about being inside the book began to make his toes coil. "Mother of god, I'm in the fucking book!" Before he could curse the sun and start to break things, a knock came at the door. He froze, he really didn't want to know who could be knocking. "Ty? You up yet? C'mon, don't make us late again!" That was definitely a woman's voice, Tyler knew that for sure. But he was completely clueless about Twilight (as he wished to remain), so God knows who that could have been. She called him Ty, so at least he's still himself. What a relief. "Ty? I'm coming in okay?" he heard the knob of the door begin to twist, and the 'click' from the lock retracting. He didn't have enough time to get to the door before she did, so he was left to be exposed. She entered, and paused once she got a view of him. Okay, so, yes, he was definitely now able to confirm that she was a woman. Not human, but a woman. That's a start. She had long blond hair and skin so pale it was clear that she wasn't alive. She took a good long look at him, and began to laugh. "Is this a new look?" she referred to the tarp around his exterior. He looked down at himself, forgetting that underneath he was sporting Spiderman undies. Yeah, best to keep the tarp on for now. "Well, it's cold, and there was no bed, and what is up with the sun around here, it frickin' tried to turn me into KFC!" Her facial expression didn't really give him much encouragement; she seemed as confused as he was. Apparently she ignored the situation by laughing more, and proceeded to walk into the room (uninvited), and look through the wardrobe. "Honestly Ty-Guy, the things you come out with! You don't need a bed, none of us do, and since when do vampires sleep? And I have no idea what the sun does to you, but if anything it wants you to get dressed as soon as possible so we won't be late to school again." Wait, back up, he doesn't need a bed because, of vampires? WAIT! Hold up! Did that mean that he, Tyler, was also a vampire…A…TWILIGHT vampire? He wanted to throw up, but realised that his stomach felt so empty that it wouldn't be possible to relieve anything from it. He was starving, but at the same time couldn't stomach the idea of food. Whilst in a trance, a pair of very tight looking jeans and buttoned down shirt were thrown at him before he had a chance to catch them. "Less standing, more changing, go go go!" she dashed out of the room before he could ask her anything. He sighed, and looked down at the clothes. There was no way in this world or in any other that he would dare put on a pair of skinny jeans. No way, no how. He ran over to the wardrobe and desperately searched for a better alternative. Would there be anything in here that would protect the rest of his skin from deteriorating? As much as the thought of walking around as a skeleton amused Tyler, the pain of ending up that way was definitely not worth it. In the end, the best he could find was a part of long black cargo pants, a black t-shirt and a leather jacket. It wasn't exactly to his forte, but he could make it work. Once dressed he examined himself in the mirror. A lot of his skin wasn't exposed, so hopefully that would be enough to keep him from becoming Kentucky fried. It began to rain as he got dressed, and he hoped it would stay that way; surely if the sun was blocked off by the clouds there would be less chance of burning to ash, right? He guessed he'd just have to take the plunge and figure it out for himself. "Ty-guy!" the voice of the blonde lady appeared again. "You done?" He sighed, and opened the door "Yeah yeah, quit your shouting" he was going to question her on calling him Ty-guy later, that really was a thing between him and his mum. He didn't feel comfortable having other people call him that. He shut the door behind him, and tried to mentally prepare himself before having to witness the most unbearable dream out of the sixteen years he'd been alive. He wasn't sure on much, but the one thing he knew was that after this was over and done with, and he was back in his own bed; he would, by any means, murder Bree.