Her eye held an amused twinkle. I couldn't decide what she wanted to hear, so I went with the truth. "Sometimes. Rarely." The depressing reality was that my friends were all away at school, and there weren't a lot of people around that I wanted to stay out with. A sudden breeze gusted under the umbrella. The metal arms bucked like a dozen wild broncos going in as many different directions. The black material fluttered, flapped, and finally flipped inside out. Her hand shot out and covered mine on the handle. Together, we maneuvered the umbrella into the wind and the prongs snapped back into place with a thunk! I noticed she didn't let go. I also noticed she'd huddled closer to me. I didn't mind either one. "So, what do you do for fun?" she asked. "Fun, hmm." This was fun, more fun than I've had in months. "That's a tough one." She bumped me in a friendly way with her elbow. "You know what they say about all work and no play?" Sure, I knew. I'd become the dullest Jack on the planet since coming home. "Yeah, but I also know where 'no work and all play' got me, so I guess I'll try this for a while." She nodded, and I felt like I might've passed some kind of test. A woman like her wouldn't bother with some waste-of-a-life stoner in a dead-end, minimum wage job. We'd reached the far corner of the lot. There was one car parked away from all the others, a bright orange BMW Z4 Roadster. "Is this you ?" I hoped she didn't hear the squeak in my voice, but fuuuck ! The car was a wet dream on wheels. And with her inside? My mouth went dry despite the pounding rain. "This is me." She touched the door handle, and the locks clicked open. I didn't blame them. I would fold like a cardboard box if she ever put her hand on me like that. I had a strong sense I'd be thinking about that possibility later. Sooner than later. I handed her the umbrella. "Here, let me." She bit her lip, clearly impressed with my chivalrous move . Tucked safely inside the warm, dry car, she started the engine and opened the trunk for me. Her beautiful, brown eyes filled the side-view mirror, watching as I loaded the bags inside and closed the trunk. Had this been any other customer, I would've already made it back inside the store by now. Sadly, our transaction was officially over. I caught her eye in the mirror and waved, going for polite but not desperate—even though I was heading there quickly. She rolled down her window, stuck her hand out in the rain, and curled a finger. I jogged over and leaned my head inside her window. "Yes, ma'am?" "Why don't you hop in, and I'll give you a ride to the door?" My gaze skimmed across the dry, inviting interior. Her long legs tucked in underneath the wheel. Hand around the gear shift. Butter-soft beige leather seats. Bad idea. "Thank you, but I shouldn't. I'd get your seat all wet, and I don't think my boss would like it too much." She smiled at me, and I forgot about the rain for a second. "You really are a good boy, aren't you?" A lightning bolt struck me right between the legs. No, wait, that wasn't lightning. That was her. She made being good sound dirty as hell somehow, and I wanted so badly to be good for her. When I regained my wits, I answered with a humble, "I try." "Well, that's about all we can ask, isn't it?" I shrugged. "What's your first name?" "Edward, but feel free to call me 'Macho.'" She laughed, and I felt it inside my bones. "Thank you for seeing me to my car, Edward," she said, reaching for her wallet. "Oh, thank you anyway, but we can't accept tips. Even if we could, I wouldn't. It was my pleasure." She tilted her head and studied me. "Are you working tomorrow?" Jesus. Was she coming in to see me? Muscles clenched and released inside my gut. "Yes, ma'am. Seven to three," I added. Just in case. "Okay, Edward Cullen. You should go inside and try to stay dry." "Yes, ma'am. You have a good night." She smiled. "You too, Macho." Cougarcougarcougarcougarcougarcougarcougarcougarcougar The only problem with giving the mouse a cookie was that the mouse became even more irresistible: the adorable blush, the killer smile, the macho act he put on to cover up the want in his eyes. Toss in a box of condoms, a casual brush of boob, and a highly suggestive lipstick application? Unless that was a price gun in his pocket, he was very, very happy to see me. Edward Cullen was a kettle on the verge of boiling over, and I wanted to be the one to turn up the heat. So much for my break. Edward Cullen wasn't going anywhere, and that worked for me. A girl's gotta eat, right? In fact, I was already hungry. I watched him jog across the lot, jumping puddles like the bionic man. I'd bet my last hundred that he had a huge smile on his face right now. If I had anything to say about it, that smile would stay there for a good, long time. Author's Note : I'd like to thank my secret-keeper, Shell Taylor (shellshock81) for pre-reading this little story for me and helping me figure out how to squeeze my jumbo story into a contest-sized bag. And as always, a huge thank you to Chayasara for beta services and beyond. Congratulations to the all the contest winners and a hearty thank you for all the reviews over at the MTM page, which I can now answer! XXX ~BOH P.S.- Chapter Two has been posted under the fanfic writer name "Words of Love For Meli" as a gift for Meli Stories...