a blood nose or sinus pain? It's all part of the game." I know the realities of the sport, but don't like it. I've lost count of the number of times he's come back from a competition, coughing up old blood from his throat or blowing it out into a tissue. "Ry, I don't want you to dive." "I need to do this. This is one record that has always eluded me." "Don't let your goals cloud your judgement. You don't need to do it today. There'll be other competitions. Take more time to train." "And in the meantime there'll be other U.S. competitors vying for the same record, and this year, two of my previous records have already been surpassed. I want the U.S. CNF record to be mine… just once." I sigh in frustration. There's no way of talking him out of it. When it comes to his sport, he's stubborn and single-minded. "Promise you won't do anything stupid. Promise me that you'll turn back if something's not right." Riley cups my chin and searches my face. I'm almost positive he's going to kiss me on the lips, but at the last moment, he moves my face to the side, capturing the corner of my mouth instead. "Of course I will." -oo0oo- "Forty metres… fifty metres… sixty metres," Lee Stephens, the official announces. "He's… stopped. He's turning back; I think." I watch on with my heart in my throat as Riley pauses, seemingly indecisive. "He's going back down… seventy metres… touchdown." Riley grabs the tag, turns around, and begins to ascend. "Sixty metres… fifty metres…" "I think he might be in trouble," someone says behind me when Riley's arm and leg movements appear to falter. I remove my camera from the Steadicam and attach it to a tripod on the side of the platform. Something doesn't feel right, and I'm worried about Riley's safety. "He's all right. He probably just blew an eardrum," someone else says. "Forty metres…" Riley's arms and legs stop moving in the water, and in horror, I realise he's had an underwater blackout. "Blackout!" The buzzer sounds, and the feed from Lauren's camera shows that the safety divers are already moving in. A diver places one hand over Riley's mouth and nose and the other hand on the back of his neck. A second diver grabs Riley underneath his left arm. With the assistance of a diver propulsion vehicle, all three of them are pulled towards the surface. Every second we have to wait feels like a minute. When their heads all shoot out of the water, I'm relieved to see that Riley's eyes are wide open, however, my relief is short lived. The expression on his face relays stress and sheer panic. His body spasms and then slumps backwards into unconsciousness. Immediately, one of the safety divers places his mouth over Riley's and administers a breath. Then another. And another. And another. "Breathe, breathe," several people say, including me, but Riley remains unresponsive. More breaths are given as the other divers help to move Riley towards the platform. I'm scared out of my mind for my best friend, and I step back to give his rescuers room. Hands reach out to haul Riley's limp body onto the platform. "There's a lot of blood in the mouth," the event physician calls out urgently after checking his airway. "Help me to roll him onto his side, so I can suction him." People move in and help to roll Riley, and as soon as his head tips to the side, frothy blood-stained liquid pours from his mouth. The second they begin CPR, my whole world crumbles. A/N Don't fret. This really is an Edward and Bella fic. You'll just have to be patient for Edward's appearance. This is a story from Bella's POV, so there is a bit of a lead up to when they meet. In the meantime, if you want an idea of what Riley looks like, Google 'Xavier Samuel drift' and check out the 'images' section or else watch the movie trailer on YouTube. If you want to see what a Samba or underwater blackout looks like go to YouTube and type in 'AIDA in trouble'. Scary stuff. If you want to check out the banner for this story, the link is on my profile. The coordinates that you'll see appearing whenever there is a change of location during this fic relates to Google Maps. If you put them into Google Maps or Google Earth, you'll see the view. I've written this story in British English as Bella is British. I apologise/ apologize if that bothers you. I have no idea how long this fic will be, and I don't have a posting schedule. I know I still haven't updated my other story 'Isle E.S.M.E 2412'. It's still on hiatus until dystopian Bella and Edward start talking to me again. Sorry to anyone who has read it. I think I may need to rewrite some of it to enable me to continue. Hope you enjoy this story anyway. Thank you for reading. BoB xxx AIDA – Association Internationale pour le Développement de l'Apnée (English: International Association for Development of Apnea) – a world-wide rule and record-keeping body for competitive breath holding events. CNF – Constant weight: no fins – The free-diver descends and ascends under water using only his own muscle strength, without the use of propulsion equipment and without pulling on the rope. Constant weight without fins is the most difficult sportive depth discipline because absolutely no propulsion materials are used to go down in the water. This category needs a perfect coordination between propulsive movements, equalisation, technique, and buoyancy. DoP – Director of Photography – is the chief over the camera and lighting crews that work on a film, television production, or other live action pieces, and is responsible for achieving artistic and technical decisions related to the image. The study and practice of this field is referred to as cinematography.