I glanced over at Jake making sure I had the phrase right. A subtle head nod was my answer. He had been teaching me to slang that I wasn't exposed to living with the Clan. I pulled my skin out of my pocket and wrapped it around my body. Heading out for the shore, I was stopped by a warm hand on my shoulder. Looking back, I saw Jake's worried gaze boring into my own. "I'm just going to hop in and hop out. Can't shift without salt water. I'll be back before you know it." He nodded once and released his grasp. Jumping into the water, I let the shift take me, effortless in the change. Rolling a few times to get completely drenched. I clicked a few times to the Clan that was out in the water, but they seemed to be on a sleep cycle, not really responsive. Coming out of the water I barked up at those further up the shore. Looking up a Jake, I realized my seal shape had grown as well as my ground walker shape. When I first came to live with the Clan, I would have only come up to Jake's knee, whereas now I come up to mid-chest. Jake ran his hands along the top of my head, feeling the fine fur that covered it. I stuck my tongue out at him when he tweaked my ears. When he did it again, I pushed into him with my chest, knocking him down, and pinning him there with my body. I wrapped my fins around his arms, effectively immobilizing him since I weighed at least three hundred fifty pounds more in this form than when a ground walker. I started dragging my whiskers along the sides of his neck which I knew was extremely ticklish. The expected reaction was immediate, causing him to laugh loudly, almost bouncing me off of his chest. "Uncle, uncle!" Jake said barely wheezing out between laughs. I slithered off of him and made my slow but awkward way over to where Charlie was standing nearby. After taking a moment to catch his breath, Jake got up off the ground and followed me over to where I was sniffing all over my dad. Catching a whiff of a scent I remember being closely tied to my mother's, I tugged on his shirt to get him to bend down a bit. Apparently my mother used to do that with him, and he easily acquiesced to my unspoken request. Burying my nose deep into the crook of his neck, I inhaled the scent from my past. The smell of security, warmth, and love. I had found my home. Tears leaked down my face as Charlie wrapped his arms around my neck and moved to sit down in the sand, getting in a more comfortable position. Following his movements, I didn't want to get further away from him than I had to. We stayed like that with people moving on back to the bonfire, Jake the only one who remained. Taking a deep breath, I unfurled from my skin and the three of us made our way back to the fire. The smell of burnt sugar was in the air and I immediately grabbed Jake's hand and hurried us over. "You promised me those marsh-thingies, Jake!" I exclaimed. "Their called marshmallows. Remember Bells?" he replied exasperated. "You've never had marshmallows before, Bella?" Quil asked. "I've never had lots of things before." I replied my face burning. "Oh, man, we have got to get you to taste a s'more then!" Embry said excitedly. "Okay!" I said as I watched them build one and hand it over. Following Jacob's advice on waiting for it to cool, when I finally sank my teeth into the s'more, it was like heaven. Fluffy and gooey, and crunchy, the combination of flavors and textures was amazing. "Good, Bells?" Jake asked, tugging at my elbow, trying to sneak a bite. I narrowed my eyes at him pulled the s'more closer to my chest, keeping it away from him. He turned the puppy dog eyes and full on lip pout and said, "You're not going to share?" I rolled my eyes at his antics and said, "Get your own. You'd finish this off in one bite!" Chuckles broke out around the circle, most of it from the direction of Billy and Charlie. "So what happens now, Bella? You going to visit us more often now that more of us know who you are?" Embry asked, handing me a new s'more once the first one was done. "Um, actually I'm going to move in with my dad. Kwala traded me for two fish." I giggled as the sugar rush hit my system. Having only had processed sugar whenever Jake could sneak us some, my body was completely unprepared for the amount of sugar packed into those two wonderful, amazing sandwiches of goodness. I leaned into Jake, giggling softly with a slightly dazed smile on my face. "Two fish?" Sam asked. I was too busy staring at the fire, watching the pretty flames dance to answer him. "Whale equivalent for giving something away for free." Charlie answered for me. He got up walked over towards where we were sitting. "I'm gonna need to take her home. She's gonna pass out in about five minutes." Their voices started to fade away as Jake picked me up. I perked up remembering my question from earlier, "Whas' imprinting, Jake?" "I'll tell you in the morning." Jake answered as he followed Charlie away from the fire. "K." I whispered as my eyelids slowly shut and I drifted off. A/N: Let me just say now, I am not, nor will I ever be an expert on the Quileute Nation, their legends, or killer whales. What information I found was from very light researching on the web. The rest is from my very active imagination. Any mistakes made were completely on my part. Hope you enjoyed.