recover as he positioned himself in front of her opening and thrusts into her in one go. Bella gasped and scream but this time in pain. Bella clung onto Jacob her nails digging into him and gasping for air trying to relax and adjust to his rather large member. Jake kissed away the tears that pulled around her eyes and Bella felt so much love for this man that it blinded everything she ever felt before. " Move Jake. Please." Bella said and she relaxed and pain started to turn into pleasure. Jacob began his thrust slow and long groaning at every move as all he wanted to do was fuck her tight pussy hard and fast but he did not. No matter how mad he was at her she was still the love of his life. So he endured slow thrusts until Bella started to meet his thrusts. Jacob now rose onto his elbows and began thrusting into her faster and faster both moaning, groaning their names. Jake hid his face into Bella's neck and thrust into her faster than ever before. Jacob could feel that he was close and he could thank the heavens when he felt Bella shivering beneath him and clenching around him shouting and professing her love for him when she came. Jake could not hold any longer so her rose on his arms pounding into her fast and hard his thumb circulating around her clit bringing her yet another release this time he came right with her with a loud roar. Jake fell on top of Bella both panting heavily both tired beyond compare. There were no words between them when Jake rolled next to her and took her into his arms and both fell asleep soon after. End Flashback Bella shivered as she remembered her night spend with Jacob. It was the one of the best nights of her life and one of the most bittersweet as well. The morning after she knew that she wanted to be with Jacob. It was not the sex but the feeling of closeness that she felt. She wanted that for the rest of her life. She wanted Jacob. She went to the Cullen's house and broke it off with Edward. It broke her heart to break his but she needed to do it. She chose life. She said goodbye to all of them and drove to Billy's house. She needed to find Jacob. She needed to tell him that she loved him. That she chose him. He was not there. No one even knew he was back in town. Just like that Jacob Black vanished without a trace leaving her heartbroken. That was five years ago. "Mommy what are you doing up still." Bella looked up to see her beautiful 4 year old daughter standing there in her Barbie PJ's and rubbing her black eyes that she inherited from her father her brown hair all over her beautiful little face. "Charlie what are you doing up." Bella stood up and scoped her daughter in her arms. "Grandpa Billy came to me in my dream. He said he is with grandma Sarah and that they will watch over us from heaven." Charlotte Black said and Bella closed her eyes to stop herself from crying. William Black died this morning. It was a heartbreaking loss to everybody. "I know he will my little bug now come on. We need to go to bed young lady." Bella went up the stairs and opened the door to find another little girl sitting on her bed rubbing her time they were chocolate brown, her silky black hair a mess. "What are you doing up Will?" Bella said and Willow Black shook her head "Charlie woke up and so did I." She said and Bella shook her head. She put the little girl she had in her arms in the floor. "Can I sleep with Will now mommy?" Charlie looked at Bella and she nodded. Bella walked to the twin bed and tugged both of her angels into bed. "Mommy when is daddy coming back?" Charlie said her eyes the same as her father's. Bella chocked but she kept it together. She kissed her daughters on the forehead. "I don't know sweetie. Go to sleep. We have a busy day ahead of us." Bella said and walked out of the room. Yeah well when Jake left her Bella had not time to wallow in despair. She found out that she was pregnant not long after. Although the news shocked everybody Charlie was her biggest supporter. If not her father she would not make it. Bill was also a big part of her life and those girls were his along with all other of his grandchildren. He dedicated his life to them and missed his son in silence and now he was gone. Died this morning in the hospital. His diabetes taking the best of him. The next couple of days were hard. Everyone was preparing a funeral. He was buried next to Sarah, the love of his life. May they find each other again in another lifetime. Although the ceremony was beautiful everybody cried. Even the sky cried because the world lost a great man. People were long gone from the graveyard but Bella was still there. She crouched next to his gravestone and touched it. "I promise I will try to find him." Bella whispered and wiped away her tear. She stood up and turned around to see a person she never believed would see again. He was standing there in front of her again, wearing a black suit and a dark expression on his face. His eyes thought. His eyes were so sad it broke her heart. "Bella." He croaked out his voice breaking "Jacob." Bella gasped. Well how was that? Do you like it? Do not worry you will get to know the little girls later on but how was the beginning? Should I continue or not? Please review.