like that all the fucking time." I hadn't notice until I was being pulled onto the couch that Damian had claimed me, his arms a little too tight around me. "Cain Swan!" Charlie was red in the face and pushed the chair back with such a force that it made an ear piercing noise against the tiled kitchen floor. Now I know why Damian had had such a fierce grip on me, protecting me from Dad's angry. I looked up at him, and gave him a thankful look. I knew they weren't being serious when they started hurling abuse at each other, but my body still tensed, and I arched my back, trying to put myself closer to Damian. "Guys! Cut it out!" Damian roared. They stopped instantly when they saw me. The sizzling and the radio were the only noises we could hear. That and the insane beating of my heart in my ears. "Bella. I am so sorry." Charlie whispered, not meeting me eyes. "So so sorry." Cain echoed, his eyes on his feet. I freed myself from Damian's grip and looked at the clock on the wall. "It's getting late. I better get ready." I awkwardly started to walk towards the stairs. I could feel the eyes on the back of me, following my every move. "What about your bacon, Bells?" Cain murmured. "I'm not hungry." I called as I run up the stairs, not even bothering to meet their glazes. I quickly walked to my room, shutting the door behind me. I stood, my head resting on the door for several minutes. "Bella?" I heard him call. I spun around to meet his stare, catching me completely off guard. As I turned around, my feet tangled and I thudded against a cold piece of marble. Edward's arm was covering my back, his hand on my head as he pulled me up to come face to face with his gorgeous face. I looked into his deep honey eyes for a split second, before pulling away and walking over to my window. "Bella, are you okay?" "I thought I told you I needed space?" I accused, standing my ground, fixing my eyes on the rustling trees outside and the rain, pounding against my window. "Bella. You can't honestly expect me to keep my distance from you. I can't bear to be without you. I know what I said was out of order, but I love you. I care about you. Please. Please don't send me away." Fresh salty tears began free flowing from my muddy brown eyes, resting themselves on my cheeks as the fell. One sniff was all it took for him to pull me into his arms and cradle me as I cried. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I shouldn't have said what I said, but I meant it. If you do read their minds, I will never …" "Shh. Don't think of that. I would and will never disobey your orders to me. I respect that whatever it is you want to keep from me, because it must mean a lot to you to keep it from me. I am also ready to listen. Bella. Remember that." And with that, he was gone. A light and gentle tap was heard. "Bells?" Damian put his head through the door. "Dad wants you downstairs. Says he has something to tell us." "Okay. I'll be right there." As soon as his head was gone and I heard his feet plod downstairs, I walked into the darkest part of my room, grabbed Edward by the shirt and crushed my lips against his. "When will we ever get any privacy?" I said, seductively, before walking out of my room, giggling at the groans coming from behind me. "Ah, there you are Bells. I have something to tell you all." Oh god. I looked at Cain and Damian and they seemed just as clueless as me. "I have to go out of town for a few days. There has been an incident up in Seattle and they need me down there. So ground rules." His eyes diverted to Cain and Damian, and then back to me. "No parties of any kind. No drinking, smoking, or drugs ..." His eyes redirected to Cain. "Why me?!" Cain laughed, followed by Damian and my own laugh. "Must I really answer that question?" Charlie accused, before carrying on. "If Bella has homework, she can't have any visitors or leave this house until she has finished." I laughed at the thought of being alone, doing homework. "If Edward or Alice do come round, no longer than 11:00pm." "Dad!" I protested, pouting a little. "Okay. 11:45pm, and no later! You know how you get in the mornings when you haven't had enough sleep. I think that is it? Oh and no erm, overnight friends ..." Charlie winked at them both, and Cain burst into hysterics. "Dad, I am 17. I know what you mean by 'friends'." I replied angrily. I am not a child. "Right. My bag is packed. I better be off, Bella." Charlie motioned me to give him a hug. Once in his bear like embrace, I felt his breath tickle my ear. "I love you Bella. Your brothers will take care of you, and no doubt the Cullen's too. Say hello to Alice for me, and Edward I suppose." He placed his lips on to my head, and made a loud kissy noise. He gave the boys a quick hug, before shutting the door behind him and pulling away in the cruiser. "So Bella," Cain said, sneakily. "What do you have in mind?" So, there you have it, Im back ! I hope you liked the rewritten 'Dark Secrets' ... yes it will have the same content but with new stuff and im determined to finish it this time because i have an amazing storyline coming up ... any guesses ? Please review ! 10 reviews and ill post the next chapter ! xx