good and she says hi." Edward smiles lightly. He quickly escapes to his room and shuts the door. Not long after the rest of the Cullen family arrive home. "Hey, mum." They all smile at their mum. "Emmett, come here for a minute please." Esme frowns worried for her youngest child. "Hey Mum, If this is about Edward I'm going to talk to him now, I need to find out what happened." Emmett smiles sweetly at his mother. "Thanks, Honey." Esme smiles at her son and kisses him on the cheek. Emmett walks up to Edwards room and knocks, he slowly opens the door and sees his brother reading Romeo and Juliet. "Hey, Eddie… Look about today. You need to talk about it man, you don't just get beaten up like this and don't talk about it." Emmett sighs and sits next to Edward. Edward sits up so that Emmett can sit down properly. "Easy for you to say. Look at you." Edward sighs as he finishes the chapter and shuts the book. "Eddie..." Emmett starts. But he's stopped by Edward. "Can't you just take the fact that I'm going to heal and that I'll be fine as enough and just please leave me alone." Edward sighs and tries to sit up but is stopped by Emmett. "No! You listen here, you are my little brother. My job is to make sure that no one hurts you. Not anyone and that includes little high school punks. I intend to keep that job for the rest of my life okay. Now please Eddie, who did this to you?" Emmettasks. He was determined to find out who did this to his little brother. "Mike Newton and Tyler Crowley, they got me in the bathroom. I didn't want to hit back I knew that if I did they would get more than just bruises so I just had to lie there are take it. So what can you do? You'll break them, probably kill them. Just leaveit please, I've told you. You know now so can you please just not do anymore." Edward begs not wanting to take this any further, he would only become more of a laughing stock. "Not happening, I'm going to have a word to those punks!" Emmett hisses and starts to stand up and walk out the door to go to the diner where Mike and his friends always hung out but is stopped by Edward grabbing his arm. "Please, don't it'll only make it worse. Mike will never let me live this down, you've got to leave it alone please." Edward begs, he didn't need his big brother to step in and save him, this was the first time that Mike had actually hit him and he wouldn't /be surprised if it didn't happen again. "No, I'm going and you're coming with me, I need you be there because I'm going to make him look you in the eye and apologise." Emmett smiles lightly at his brother and pulls him to his feet. "But Em..." Edward starts but is interrupted by Emmett. "But nothing. We are going." Emmett instructs and pulls his brother out of the door and down to the cars. "Mum we're going for a drive, be back soon," Emmett calls out to his mother and sits in the driver seat. Edward sits down in the passenger's seat. They arrive at Carvers Café and sure enough, Mike is as well. "Oi," Emmett yells and gets out of the car and motions for Edward to follow him. Edward slowly walks out and stands behind Emmett. "I'm going to tell you this once, apologise to him!" Emmett hisses and glares hard at Mike. "But we did nothing." Mike shrugs as if butter wouldn't melt in his mouth. But Emmett knew this was a lie turns to him even angrier. "My brother doesn't lie and he told me that you two beat him up and it's my job to beat you up unless you apologise. So it's your choice. Apologise or you'll have a fight with another Cullen. Do you want that?" Emmett hisses at Mike and Tyler. Mike and Tyler look at each other quite nervous, they would never want to fight Emmett Cullen. No one did they guy was huge. "Sorry Cullen." Mike apologises, it obviously didn't mean much and Edward glares at him angrily. "You call him by his first name!" Emmett hisses, he needs an actual apology. "Sorry Edward." Mike apologises quickly he was far too scared of the older Cullen to diss the little brother anymore. "Good, now if I hear of you hurting my brother again. I'll actually hurt you, you got that Newton!" Emmett hisses and grabs Mike by the shirt and pulling him closer. Emmett glares at Tyler and even softly growls at him. "Yeah sorry Edward." Tyler apologises. Emmett Cullen was one of the biggest kids in the whole school there was no way that he wasn't going to apologise when he told him too. Edward looks up at them. He had actually got an apology. He never thought that he would get that. Emmett shoves Mike away and holds back the urge to punch him. "Now beat it!" He yells and starts to walk back to the car grabbing Edward by the shoulder. "See Eddie, problem solved. But you are to tell me if they ever touch you again or threaten you even if they call you names." Emmett orders and pulls Edward closer. "I will… thanks." Edward blushes lightly. He didn't like being the baby brother but it was just something that he had to deal with. "No worries, you are my little brother and it's my job to protect you. Just remembering that." Emmett smiles at his brother. Edward smiles lightly and accepts the ruffle of his hair that Emmett gives him. As annoying as it was he was thankful that hewas a little brother that has big brothers to protect him when he needed it.