to waste her time with Edward." I decided to play coy. "What are you talking about Mallory?" She narrowed her fishy eyes at me. "I saw you drooling over Emmett, he's off limits." "Says who" She looked me up and down. "Me, he doesn't date" The cafeteria got eerily silent. Jessica filled me in on the Cullen gossip and honestly the tone of her voice pissed me off, I snapped. "So what, how DARE you talk of them as if you're better than them? Did it ever occur to either of you superficial bitches that they hear what the fuck you're saying and instead of doing anything about it, they take the high road and ignore it. Shit, I wouldn't socialize with you fake bitches either. How DARE you spread around a RUMOR that Mrs. Cullen can't have kids? How the fuck would you know? Are you her OBGYN? How DARE you speak ill of a woman you've NEVER even met? She and Dr. Cullen adopted them because they have more heart than you and Stanley put together. They took them in a gave them a chance at a real life. You don't know their real story, maybe there's a reason they are the way they are. Instead of being kind and getting to know them, you condemn them just because they're different. So what Jasper and Alice are a couple? So what Rosalie and Sebastian are a couple? They're not blood related only Jasper and Rosalie are. As for Edward and Emmett not dating, maybe the do date, but don't date snobbish, rude, superficial, annoying, gossipy, trashy bitches like you." Mallory stood up and so did I. "Come at me bitch. I'll mop the floor with your ugly, slutty ass." I pushed the table out of the way, and beckoned her to do something. Of course, the flake bitch didn't do anything. She sat back down. "That's what I thought, you aren't nothing but a scary ass bitch who thinks she's hot shit. Keep your fucking mouth shut, you cunt." I looked up around the cafeteria, everyone had a look of pure astonishment on his or her face. I didn't dare look to the Cullen table. The bell rang signaling the end of lunch. Bella had Biology and I had Government. Once I got to building six, I hurried to my class. I opened the door to Ms Jefferson's class and noticed Emmett was in this class. There was only one empty seat left, right next to him. The teacher signed my slip and told me to take a seat next to Mr. Cullen. I walked down the aisle, plopped down in my seat and put my bag onto my desk. I put my face in my bag and let out a frustrated sigh. I heard someone clear his throat. I looked up to my left and noticed it was Emmett, the pulling sensation was back. "Hey, on behave of my family, thanks." I looked at him like he grew a new head. "Oh, you're talking about lunch. Yeah no problem, she's a bitch and she needed to be put in her place. I gladly do it again." He chuckled "I'm sure you will." He turned back to the front of the class, I couldn't help but stare at him. He's so much bigger up close, He's wearing a long sleeve black shirt and a jacket over it. He smelled so delicious. His face looks like it was carved by the Gods, he had a head full of dark, curly hair, and I just wanted to run my fingers through it. His dimples are more prominate when he laughs compared to when he smiles. An all together gorgeous face. "Quit staring at him idiot, don't do this to yourself. It'll be the Paul situation all over again." Mrs. Jefferson called the class to order and we spent the rest of the period glancing at each other, but never catching each other eye again. My pen rolled off the desk onto the floor. We both reached down to pick it up at the same time. When our hands touched, two things happened first I felt a how cold his hands were. That's not why I pulled away, it stung as if electric current passed between us and I felt it radiated all over my body. I gasped and we locked eyes again, the pulling sensation stopped completely and I felt as if my world is complete. I felt a sense of peace with him. I broke our eye contact and shifted my hair over my shoulder to hide my face. I realized I was blushing. Let's be clear I NEVER BLUSH! Here I am, being just like Bella blushing like crazy. After the bell rang, I bolted out of the classroom so fast I'm pretty sure it confused him. I just had to get out of there. My last class was Office Assistant, so I was in the office with Ms Cope. She took my slip, signed it and put it in my newly created student file. I helped and chatted with Ms Cope. She was just as annoying as Mallory and just as talkative as Stanley. She let me leave 10 minutes before school let out. I was sitting in my car, listening to Joan Jett when the bell signaled the end of the school day. I watched as my fellow peers walked to their respective vehicles. I noticed the Cullens headed toward the Volvo. They were standing around it, my guess waiting for Edward. Well they didn't have to wait long because he showed up three minutes later. They left and soon I was the only car left in the lot. I saw Bella walking toward my car she had her head down. When she got in I noticed her eyes were puffy. "Hey, why you crying? Whose ass do I have to kick?" She chuckled a little and fought against the tears as I was driving home.