a beautiful girl on my arm.'' ''How many other girls have you called beautiful?'' She glared at me, trying to break her arm free, this time I let her. There it is; my past come's back to haunt me again. Groping her didn't help either. ''Not many.'' I defended quietly. ''Not recently.'' She looked at me quizzically, not understanding. I shrugged, sparing her the gory details of my messed up life. We made it back to reception in silence, she seemed to be concentrating hard on something. It took us a few minutes to get there, I opened the door for her and that's when I spotted Leah, her hair was cropped and it was hard to pick her out from the crowd, but I did, she was wearing a waiter's outfit, carrying four glasses of wine, heading straight for Rose, her white dress shone like a beacon. Leah was only a few feet away from Rose when Bella suddenly dashed away from my side and hurtled towards Leah. She got there just in time, Leah was just about ready to throw the wine when Bella crashed into her, red spilled over her and Leah as the glasses shattered close to Bella's face. ''Bella!.'' Rose gasped, going over to her; but I got there first, picking her up, security came over and escorted Leah away. Thankfully it was my day off. ''Oh thank you!'' Rose exclaimed. ''Best MOH ever!'' I looked at Emmett, he stared back. ''MOH?'' he mouthed, I shrugged, pretending not to know. I wish I didn't, but thanks to a certain pixie I knew. Maid of honour. Emmett came over to me, passing me another beer, my brain was foggy enough but I accepted it anyway. The girls chatted about what a bitch Leah was and after more speeches; cake and dancing, Emmett and Rose left the reception. ''We're touring Europe! Starting with Ireland.'' Emmett was giddy; he had always wanted to visit Ireland. Rose turned to Alice and Bella. ''I'll bring you back a leprechaun.'' She squealed. ''Good luck with that.'' Bella said, laughing slightly. Her laugh engrossed me, I couldn't understand it, I hadn't been with any woman for almost a year, I had been on dates, lots of dates, shared kisses and touches-but it never led anywhere, it could have gone on to something more, well, with most of them, but something was different, something wasn't right, I wasn't right. But ever since she had linked her arms with me in the church I couldn't help myself when I was around her. Damn. I needed to get laid. ::: BPOV(Bella) ::: I had drunk too much. I made it back to the hotel room, it just wasn't my hotel room. The door clicked shut behind us and then I was pressed against the wall, his lips found mine, needy and passionate. Edward groaned, pressing himself to me. I had definitely drunk too much. I would regret this in the morning, but right now I was getting lost in a kiss as we somehow found the bed in our haze. That's all I remember. I woke up the next day, head banging, completely naked, legs tangled with Edward's. Edward, who was also naked, had wrapped his arms around me, I was curled into his side. ''Shit.'' I groaned, trying to pull away. His grip tightened around my waist, I frantically broke my hand free to flatten down my hair, it was still in place, I don't know how Alice did it. She should have been a fashion designer, not a police officer. Slowly, last night began to filter back to me. Oh god. I slept with someone I barely knew. Alice and Rose would never let me live this down. ''Bella.'' Edward moaned, pulling my chest flush with his. I managed to wiggle free, then started to hunt down my clothes. ''Come back to bed.'' He grumbled, I had scooped up my dress and handbag, clutching them to me, trying to cover myself. ''No thanks.'' I dismissed, though I felt a strong pull to get back under the covers. ''Look, the shit you hear about me might be true. . .but then again it might be as fake as the woman who told you it.'' He got up and stretched out, standing at the foot of the bed. ''What's that supposed to mean?'' I questioned, feeling the grip I had on my things loosen slightly. He shrugged, smirking. I felt my heartbeat increase. ''It means whatever you want it to.'' ''Fine.'' I sighed, dropping my things completely, feeling the pull take over. He raised his eyebrows. I walked over to him, pushing him down on the bed, straddling his waist. ''This means nothing, got it?'' I asked, he nodded, smiling widely. ''Time for round four.'' My eyes gleamed. ''Oh Bella, how drunk were you?'' He placed his hands on my hips, one hand stayed there, rubbing circles, moving dangerously lower. His other hand traveled up my spine, stopping in-between my shoulder blades. He pushed me down to whisper in my ear. ''This is round five.'' He flipped us suddenly so I was on my back, I made sure my hair was still in place, covering my face. I had never done this before. And I would never do it again. I would walk away from him. In an hour. If any of you find this fanfiction familiar do not worry. This story used to be called 'Internal Love' and was posted by me under the name 'DipdyeGirl93' up until chapter ten. Now I have the fanfiction mostly done and it's completely different and Edited. If you do not believe me go check out the story on my other account and see I have posted saying the story's here. I will update every Monday and Thursday, so next update is on Thursday . Please review if you liked it, or even if you didn't. Also thank you to my beta tweetyviolet . Thank you ;)xxx -BATTM