he pursued me. It was a game, I knew. Rose had as much as confirmed it. But having a man that looked like that chasing me around did wonders for my self-esteem. "So, my mom wants to meet you," Rosalie interjected as I took a sip of coffee. "Come again? Why would she want to do that?" I was admittedly terrified. Rose I was comfortable with, but Esme and Carlisle almost seemed too perfect, and I just knew I would embarrass the shit out of myself. "Well, because my dear brother asked my mother for help with wooing a woman. I think she almost peed herself, she was so excited at the prospect of him having a real interest in a woman. I told them both it would never happen, but my mom has always believed her little boy just hadn't found the right woman yet. She sees this as a sign that he's ready to settle down and have babies. So she wants to meet her future daughter-in-law." I couldn't say anything, just sat there and slow-blinked at her. "Yeah, she tends to get a little carried away when she gets an idea in her head. Now you know where Edward gets it from. But I figured I should warn you." Rose laughed as I face palmed on the table. "And I may or may not have let it slip that I was meeting you here today. I'm so sorry, Bella." I didn't even have time to ask what she meant because the chair next to me was quickly occupied by none other than the handsome devil himself. I was suddenly very grateful that C.J. was having guy time with my dad. A woman with the same odd-colored hair as Edward sat down next to Rose and smiled at me sweetly. I swear she squealed a little when Edward slung his arm over the back of my chair. "Sorry to show up unannounced, but this is what happens when you don't answer my texts and calls, sweetheart." "I didn't answer your calls or texts because I'm not interested. It's not my fault that you can't take a hint." Rose snorted and the woman I assumed was Esme giggled. "Oh, Edward, she's so perfect. I adore her!" She looked at the two of us with a dreamy look in her eyes. I was pretty sure that she was bat-shit crazy. It was a trait she obviously shared with her son. "I'm Bella, and you must be Esme." I reached out my hand for her to shake, which she gladly did. "I'm so happy to meet you, dear. Both of my children have spoken a lot about you." "Well, Edward here only met me once, so I'm not quite sure what he could possibly have to say. But Rose has become a very good friend, so I trust that she has talked me up sufficiently." Rose shot me a wink and I grinned back at her. "And I hear you have a little boy. Where would he be today?" Esme's eyes lit up like a Christmas tree. "He's with my dad doing boy stuff, whatever that means. He thinks it's his job to properly educate my son on all things male-related. Which usually means fishing, or digging up worms for going fishing, or watching sports. Or pulling people over in his squad car and letting my son write pretend tickets. Being chief of police in a very small town has its perks." "Oh, that sounds lovely! I love my little granddaughters, but boys are so much fun too! You'll have to bring him to our house one day. We have a pool, and a game room! He'd love it! And I hear he and Emma have hit it off, so they could play together. I could babysit for you when you go out with Edward!" Not gonna lie, I choked on my drink a little. I could definitely see where Edward got his tenacious personality from. "Well, we could definitely do a play date, but I won't be going out with Edward," I said, feeling awkward as hell. "Yes, well, my son hasn't made a very good impression, has he? He's a good boy, really. He just needs a good woman to put him in his place, and I think you'd be perfect for the job." That time it was Edward's turn to cough. When I looked at him, the tips of his ears and his cheeks were pink. Was the hottie bartender blushing? Oh, that was priceless. "I'm sorry, but really, it's never going to happen." "And just why not? What's so wrong with me anyhow?" Edward asked. "For one, I've been informed that you've never been in a serious relationship, yet you're never lonely, if you get my drift. And the only reason you want to go out with me so badly is because I keep refusing. It's an ego thing and has absolutely nothing to do with liking me. My life is complicated enough without playing games like that." I hadn't meant to say all of that, especially in front of his mother, but he didn't really leave me much of a choice in the matter. I felt my face, neck, and chest flush red with a blush, but met his eyes to let him know I was serious. "And who says I'm playing a game. I like you and want to take you out, it's as simple as that." I couldn't help it. I rolled my eyes because he was so full of shit. "And I'm telling you it's not going to happen. It would be so much better for everyone involved if you'd just let this go." "Perhaps, but I'm telling you … me letting this go? That's not going to happen." "This is so much more interesting than my soaps," Esme stage whispered to Rose and I couldn't help but laugh. Though for the rest of the day Edward's intense gaze was on my mind.