held her face in hands to deepen our kiss. "I'll never leave you I promise I'll keep my wolf form and we can be together forever," I said and kissed her again "I'm always so worried about you". "You know I hate it when you worry too much," she said and pulled me into a hug. "Well I have no idea what goes on in that weird little mind of yours," I said trying to cheer her up. "I'm not weird," she said and smiled at me. "Well, I like weird," I said and climbed on top of her and kissed the ticklish part of her neck which made her laugh fill the room and I had to hold her hands down to make sure she didn't stop me. "Stop it, Seth," she said and kept struggling until I finally let her go she punched me in the arms which felt like nothing and she cuddled up into my arms and kissed my lips lightly. "Goodnight darling," I said and closed my eyes and we both fell into a deep slumber. Elizabeth's POV For some reason I had a lot of trouble falling asleep which was strange because I usually never have trouble decides nightmares. I quietly slipped out of Seth's arms trying very hard not to wake him which was pretty hard because of the grip he had on me. I quickly went into the closet and took the box of my mother's stuff off the top shelf hidden behind old blankets and took it downstairs and wrapped a blanket around my fully naked body. I laid out the first two layers of stuff onto the coffee table most of it was old books and weird sketch books with drawings and codes in them. I opened up one of the books with an emerald green cover with a star printed on the front. I turned to the first page and saw a drawing of two mermaids leaning on a rock and looking over at a ship in the ocean and on the back of the page was a message. I don't know how I was able to read it the whole thing was written in a different language but it's like suddenly all the words switched to English. Praera (Pra- era) was written at the top of the page in black ink and there was another word under it saying elaritha (e-lara-ah-the) and I ran my hand across the two words. I had a vision, the strongest one I've had in a long time first the word Praera flashed for a second and then a picture of Seth running in his wolf form through the woods. Then flashed a picture of me swimming in the ocean and then a picture of me holding Star as a newborn as first I had no idea what these picture meant. Then it came to me, daughter of wolf and earth which clearly is talking about Star but the visions didn't end there. Elaritha flashed in my mind and then a photo of me as a newborn in a woman's arms but I didn't see her face only her hands and then a picture of a man's eyes which seemed so familiar. "Darling?" is what snapped me out of my vision and when my vision cleared I looked towards the stairs and saw Seth. "Hey, did I wake you?" I asked and he came closer to me and sat on the couch next to me and put his arm around me. "No I just woke up and saw you weren't cuddles next me "he said and smiled at me. "I couldn't sleep," I said and stared down at the emerald green book. "What's wrong?" he asked and followed my eyes towards the book and I could tell he knew something was up. "Nothing," I said and started packing up the box even though I hate keeping secrets from him. "Please don't keep secrets from me," he said and ran his warm, soft hands against my cheek which felt amazing as usually. "Ok I trust you Sabrina found some of my mother's old stuff and I took this box and it has some strange stuff in it," I said since I'm really bad at keeping secrets especially from Seth. "Thank you for telling me you can always trust with this stuff," he said and kissed me on the cheek. "Good but this is more personal stuff," I said and packed up the box completely and walked up the stairs and climbed back into the bed. A few minutes later Seth joined me on the bed and wrapped his arms around my waist and our naked body's pressed against each other. "I love you" I whispered into his ear. "I love you too," he said and kissed me on my lips which made me feel so much better and I fell asleep in no time. I was having the most beautiful dream ever there was flowers and my family was there but then I had to be rudely awaken by the sound of my phone ringtone. Seriously, who calls someone at 4:43 in the morning you must be crazy if you think someone will be awake enough to have a full conversation over the phone but I answered anyway. "Elizabeth, sorry to wake you," said Carlisle over the phone and I could tell it was him because of his English, American accent. "It's ok Carlisle, what are you calling about?" I asked trying not to sound tired which was pretty hard. "You and the girls should come over to the hospital tomorrow we have a situation," he said and I could hear the worry in his voice which was strange because he's usually the calm one in these situations. I tried not to sound scared but that was harden than I expected "Ok, we'll be there" I hope you enjoyed and if you did I would really appreciate it if you reviewed and favorited. -Brandi964