in the carpet. It must have been smashed. I wondered what happened – if Charlie was sitting in his arm chair and the person that attacked him came through the back door. I wondered if Charlie had been thrown into the coffee table. It had been a wedding gift, I was once told, from my Grandparents. "What happened here?" I asked myself, shaking my head as I looked at the mantle piece, to the only picture that was left. It was my Dad, and Billy Black. I searched my memory for the last time I had seen Billy Black. It had been two summers ago, and Charlie had dragged me down to La Push. He had gone fishing with Billy, and had forced me to hang around the Black house. When we had been driving down there, he had assured me that Jacob would be there. " You remember Jake, don't you?" Charlie had asked, his moustache twitching. " He's grown a lot, I'll tell 'ya that. Kid looks like he's hopped up on some sort of steroids or somethin'. If Sarah was around still I can promise that she wouldn't be too happy about the crowd Jake's hanging with, but what can you do-" " Don't you have jurisdiction on the Rez, Dad?" I had asked, confused as to why he wouldn't do anything about it. " Sure, " He had said with a shrug, " but you know how native councils can be. Don't want no 'pale faces' interfering, especially when it comes to the youth. I've been pretty lenient, but only cause Billy assures me that nothing bad is going on but you know what kids are like, Bells." " That seems pretty stupid," I had said, only for Charlie to give me a look. " Don't you think? I mean just because the Rez has a council doesn't mean they're exempt from the law, and if you think some under age kids are shooting up or whatever, you should do something about it. You are the chief, Chief." Charlie had smiled, and assured me that it was nothing that he couldn't handle, and just like that, the conversation turned back to fish fry. That's Charlie, for you. In a moment you could have an actual conversation with him, he would divert it back to something unimportant. It was like he didn't want to scare me off, and so he treated me like a porcelain doll to make sure I wouldn't run off. Like my Mom. Sometimes I wonder if Charlie had once been more open, and more willing to speak about actual problems with my Mom, but when she had left – taking his only child with her – he had stopped. I wish he hadn't, if that's what actually happened. I wish he actually talked to me. Turning my attention back to the photo, I wondered why it was the only one that had survived, and all his photos of me had been destroyed. I had so many questions when I came to Forks, and it seemed just being in my childhood home seemed to give me a million more that needed answers. Should I go to La Push and talk to Billy Black? He had always been a good friend to Charlie – maybe he knew something about it all. Should I go to the police station, to alert them to the fact that I needed to inhabit their crime scene? My chest tightened at the thought of actually living here, in this shrine where my father had lived for most of his life. "You shouldn't be here." I whipped around, my eyes wide as I saw three native giants glaring at me. My heart hammered in my chest like a hummingbird in a glass jar as I stared at the three men before me, wondering why they were here. But that question soon died on my lips as I analyzed the menacing beasts before me, whose dark eyes were burning holes into my face. They didn't seem to hide their distain, whether it be for me or for the fact they thought I was trespassing. I wanted to tell them to get out of my house, as it was my house. But that would be stupid. These men, who towered over me like the giants they were, could easily squish me between their littlest of fingers. They were muscles and height; strength and power wrapped up in the façade of men. They were … something else. I met the eyes of the leader – the man who asked me that question – and held his charcoal gaze. The eyes that seemed so hateful seemed so familiar in the same moment. I had seen these eyes before. I had looked into these eyes before. I wanted to drop my gaze as soon as I met his eyes – I wanted to crumble beneath the glare and the hatred that was being directed my way. It was then I felt the courage I rarely had flare up within me, and my lips move at their own accord. "I'm Isabella Swan – you shouldn't be here." A/N: So ... what do you think? It's the first time I've written something 'Twilight' in a long time. I've already written a lot of this story - 30k words to be exact, and that's just over the past four days. I've never written so much so quickly, so hopefully that means something. Review, fave or follow, please. I would love to hear feedback. This is Alternate Universe, and the pairing is Jacob/Bella. But even if you don't like that pairing, there will be a lot of Cullen interaction as well, so feel free to stick around. At the moment there are three separate parts to the story, each containing ten chapters, but I think the third part will be around 15 or 20. POV will switch after the first ten chapters. Hope you like it, so please, maybe, review?