has to say, ending with. "You will, Nessie. I'm sure you will." And then he tucks some hair behind my ears. And my eyes close of their own accord, my lips parting slightly, as I imagine Jacob telling me the words I long to hear from him. That he loves me. And then he seals it with a kiss. Just as soon as I have the image in my head, I let my eyes open and I close my mouth swallowing dryly and licking my lips. The fulfillment I would feel in the moment that that happened would be more than I could think I could feel. "Thank you, Jake," I said to him quietly leaning up to place a kiss on the corner of his mouth, the closest to a real kiss that I dared. And part of me hoped that he would assume I had missed his cheek. Because nobody wants their younger friend putting the moves on them. JACOB I watch as she closes her eyes, seeming almost far away for a moment. I try not to stare at her perfect lips, that soft shade of rose, parted just a little almost dreamily. When her eyelids lift again I blink and shift my gaze slightly, hoping she didn't notice. She whispers a soft 'thank you' before moving closer and planting a light kiss just at the corner of my mouth, enough to knock the breath out of my lungs for a split second. But of course, it was a friendly kiss. After all, she might as well have said it herself, it was a "Thank you, Jake" kiss. "There's nothing to thank, silly," I tell her before bringing my thumb down to the corner of her lip and pushing it up slightly. "Now give me a smile." She does, but I won't settle for I'm-feeling-better - I want her spirits up in the clouds, soaring. I shake my head at her, a mock frown on my face. "No, that's not good enough, I want a big one." Then sneakily, I reach down and slip my fingers just under her blouse, tickling her belly. It was never inappropriate with us, I never went beyond being playful. I would never forgive myself if I did. NESSIE He tells me that there's nothing to thank. And I'm left feeling awe and wonder at how he seems to care about me so selflessly. He seems so willing to do anything to make me happy. If I were to say right now that the only way that I would ever be happy again was if he learned to eat fire. He'd risk life and limb to just that. But the thing is, I don't ever need him to do anything special to feel happy. I just need him. I just need him around. And sometimes I wonder if I don't do enough for him in this friendship, or in our pretend relationship that we have in my head. He seems to always be here for me. But I feel like sometimes I selfishly take a lot from him and don't offer as much in return. But then again he doesn't share most of his adult, hard to handle hardships with me. We're best friends. But he doesn't want to burden me, at least not while I'm only nine years old, with truly complicated things. He pushes the corner of my lip up asking me to smile, and though I still hurt, I feel like maybe things will be okay. I turn up one side of my mouth in an attempt at a smile. In a smile that tells him I'm feeling better, but that I am not yet okay. But he won't settle for small victories and little smiles. He wants me to smile wide. He wants to know I'm happy. The imprint makes him always want to have me smiling bright. And I know that it hurts him to see me in pain so I give a less meager attempt at smiling. Apparently it still isn't up to standards. I let out a small yelp of surprise as he flips me over onto my back. Then his fingers are under my shirt. His warm, calloused skin tickling me. I laugh, loudly, my smile stretching across my face. I began to try and get away. I looked up at him and my eyes met his. And then things felt different. We'd been this way hundreds of times, but now that I really saw him as Jacob, the boyfriend that I wanted, this seemed like an awkward moment. I was acutely aware of his hot skin against my cool skin. My breath caught in my chest a moment. And I couldn't resist. My hand reached up and wrapped around his neck, pulling myself up and him down at the same time until my lips met his. The kiss was slow and tentative. But I loved the feel of his warm lips against mine. And then before I could notice if he was kissing back or not I realized what I was doing. I used my vampire speed to jump out of bed and move to stand next to it, pulling away from him. I'd probably just ruined everything. I felt so frazzled. I didn't know what to say. I felt the blush creep up my cheeks. I hated the fact that I could blush like a human. My parents didn't, you could never tell when they were embarrassed. I was jealous of that ability of theirs. But Jake and dad always said they loved my blush. Dad said it reminded him of mom when they first met. Apparently she was a klutzy blusher back in the day. I didn't know what to say or where to start. "I'm sorry," I said, my anxiety showing in my tone, "I shouldn't have done that...there's no way..." I felt more tears in my eyes as I waited for Jake to freak out about what just happened.