to feel a little bit better. Color started coming back to her face and she was beginning to actually smile again. Jake was totally smitten with her and she was just beginning to have feelings back. Then, the ex-boyfriend came back. She immediately went back to him and Jake was torn up pretty bad." "Damn." "That's not even the worst of it. This girl and her boyfriend are getting married now, and Jake got an invitation in the mail. That's why he bolted, because he was so pissed that she chose someone else and they're getting married so fast." "Wait a second," I was trying to have my mind catch up with Quil's words. "What's her name?" "Bella Swan." "You do know that she's my cousin, right?" Quil blinked at my words, thinking. "Huh," he said. "Guess I never put two and two together." I sighed and leaned back. Bella and I were absolutely nothing alike. She had flawless, pale skin with chocolate brown eyes and hair that was a mixture between brown and auburn. She was clumsy and kept to herself for the most part. I knew her briefly for the few weeks in the summers that she'd spend in Forks, when our parents would force us to hang out, but she'd stopped coming here years before. She'd moved in with my Uncle Charlie about a year and a half before and when she'd announced her marriage, we were all surprised. Bella was never the marriage type, in fact I didn't even see her as the relationship type. Especially not with Jacob. "So what about things with you, huh?" Quil asked me. "What the hell has happened the last two years?" I let my eyes fall to my lap and I could feel the blush that was evident on my cheeks. I hadn't talked to anybody about things with Jacob and I since it all went down, but Quil was waiting expectantly. "What do you want to know?" "Why did you break up with Jacob?" I scoffed at his words. "We weren't even really together, Quil." "Oh, bullshit," Quil snapped, which caught me by surprise. "You and Jake spent every waking moment together that summer, most of which involved you guys making out. Besides, you know just as well as I do that he wanted to be with you." I shook my head in argument. "I really don't know how to explain it to you, just like I didn't know how to explain it to him. But we weren't ready, and I could feel that. I just had this horrible feeling about it after I got home, nothing seemed right. I can almost guarantee you that if we'd stayed together, something would have happened that tore us apart. Something bigger than just my change of heart." "Like what?" "Like Bella needing someone to lift her up after a heartbreak. I have no doubt in my mind that things with Jake and her would have played out similarly, and adding me to the equation would have made everything even more complicated." Quil furrowed his eyebrows. "So what? You're glad that everything happened with them?" "Not necessarily," I explained. Especially not the Jacob falling in love with someone else part. "But he helped her through a really tough time in her life. It was her first heartbreak, and if we're lucky it'll be her last. I remember Charlie talking to my dad about how weird she was acting after Edward left, and if I know anybody who could've pulled her through, it would be Jacob. Yeah, it sucks big time that it all resulted in Jake getting his heart broken. But he'll get through it, and when he comes back I can help him." Quil sighed at my declaration and ran a hand through his hair. "Jacob is really different now, Lily…" "Yeah, yeah. So I've heard. Billy told me, but what you guys fail to understand is that I'm different now, too. People change and they grow, and ever since I was seven I've felt a connection with him. We're meant to be, whether you believe it or not. So I'll help him through this, if he lets me." "Alright, so what if he doesn't let you?" "Then I'll figure it out," I assured him. "Things will all work out in the end, you'll see." "But Lily, what if it doesn't work out?" I closed my eyes, hoping that he couldn't see my perseverance wavier. "It has to." … Hello all! I just want to get everybody up to speed on who this story is centered around: Lily Swan. Lily is Bella's cousin that grew up around the reservation, but moved away when she was nine. She's 1/4 Quileute and best friends with Leah and Jacob. She spent every summer in Forks/La Push since then, until an incident happened with Jacob. She took a summer off from going but she graduated in the spring and she's actually moving back. This story takes place directly after Eclipse ends, while Jacob's gone. A few changes that were made to the plot: vampires are not fertile, plain and simple. It never made sense before, if they're really frozen, how can they? Also, this will not be a hate story towards Bella. Although she made some questionable decisions, I don't think that she was out of line in how she did things. She was a broken-hearted teenage girl (her first broken heart at that) and everybody handles pain differently. You'll come to see that Lily and Bella are very different, and I know that stories like these have been done but this one will be different. Oh! And please, PLEASE try to remember that Lily is a normal teenage girl. Normal teenage girl's date multiple boys (at least all the ones that I've known have). Thank you for reading and I hope you enjoy! Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight, and this carries on throughout the story. Reviews are welcome, in fact they're encouraged! -J.