licenses we got them both cars from the auction as an incentive to stay on the good side of the force. Carlie got a orange 2003 Dodge Neon and Masen got a red 2007 Ford F-250. Yes, A pick up just like his grandpa Charlie suggested. Her phone went off as she was explaining that she lied because they were doing Volleyball in gym and she knew she wouldn't make it through the class. She checked it and sucked in a sharp breath. "What did he do? Urg!" She grumbled at the phone then swiftly ran down to her room. "Well this is going to get messy, really fast!" Bella spoke looking at the door Carlie had just left out of." I just don't understand these kids! MaKenna is a beautiful, caring, sweet girl! Why on earth would my Masen, my baby, do this to this girl?" "Bella, I don't think you understand how easy it is to manipulate a 17 year old boy, especially when she is giving up sex, and doing things his sweet respectful girlfriends aren't doing." She just made a face and shook her head. She left go back to her restaurant. Yes, it took a long time but I finally convinced her to go to school and then to open her own restaurant. The Sliver Moon was a family restaurant that served comfort food. We were so happy that it is a success. I went back to the store. That I now co-owned with Seth. I took a three year managerial leave after the twins were born to help around the house. He stepped up and once he got his masters in Music Composition and Music Education I offered him half ownership of the store. It was as much his as mine by that point and it gave me the opportunity to parent the way I wanted. When I got back home shit had hit the proverbial fan! I knew it was going to be bad when I pulled into my drive way and saw that not only both the kids cars were there but so was a unfamiliar Jeep parked on the street. I walked into my home to find Masen and some other kid standing face to face and nose to nose. Bella, MaKenna, Renee, Carlie and Antony were all holding him back by his shoulders and arms .While Zafrina and someone I didn't know were pulling the other guy back. Everyone was yelling! "What the fuck is going on here?" I was also yelling, but my door slamming and all around louder deeper voice caused everyone to shut up. Bella came over to me as I approached them. "Edward, this is Diego, Zafrina's Brother." She pointed to the young man who was about to get his shit pushed in by my son. "and this is their older cousin Raoul." I nodded in understanding but kept my posture one of 'not fucking playing' Bella sighed heavily and finished speaking. "Okay, well Zafrina told her brother of the recent events and Diego got very…ah…upset. Raoul was called after Diego made some threats by Zafrina to defuse the situation. As you can see that did not work." "So, Z Texted me to tell me that her brother was going ape and I told Masen he said and I quote "Let that mother fucker come over here and he going to learn a lesson about trying to save hoes, that will last him a life time." I then told Mom because I didn't want Masen to do ANOTHER thing that he will regret but it was all too late because just as I was about tell her they came to the door." Carlie spilled it all in one breath. "So first this bitch uses my sister then He calls her a Hoe. I am going to fuck you Cullen!" "Ha! I been standing here Mother Fucker come get me!" They went back after each other but I pulled them apart and stood between them. "I respect your heart man but you need to have a conversation with your sister. And that conversation needs to happen out of my fucking house. I am only asking this once before you learn about my Second Amendment rights." Their eyes widened but they quickly got it together enough to talk shit to MaKenna and Mase as they left. Masen's responses weren't any better and I am sure he is going get shit later for bring up the whole ass sex thing in front of MaKenna. Once everything was settled and Mase had left to take MaKenna home. Carlie and Renee went to pick up a Pizza for dinner. Anthony and I were sitting on the Kitchen talking. "Dad, Why would Masen want to have butt sex? I don't get it. I thought that was for like gay people." I wish someone could see how big my eyes got at my thirteen year olds question. "Ahh, Man, I'm not sure if Masen wanted to before she offered it but regardless. Straight people have that kind of sex also. He shouldn't be having any sex, let alone cheating on his girlfriend to have butt sex ." As I finished my statement I felt Bella pinch my on my side. I guess that wasn't the correct way to answer that question. "Go up to your room Bud. I'll call you down when the food gets here." He left looking just as confused as when we sat down. "So, I see MaKenna and Masen are talking it out?" I questioned. I don't understand why she was there for him after all the drama he'd caused. "Yea, They were talking before Carlie come in with the drama, but from what I heard he if just gives her time and space they might be able to work it out." She responded "So this is our lives with Teenagers? But luckily Masen and Carlie are on the way out." "Yay! One set down one more to go!"