anything. I wonder if she has money for food. Maybe I should take her out, get her something to eat. What else might she go without? What else might she need that I don't know about? I want to provide her with absolutely everything I can, everything she needs. I want her to know that she really can call me anytime for anything. "If you ever need anything..." I say to her as I gently take her hand into my warm one, afraid that if I'm not very careful I might hurt her, break her. But touching her hand. It's like nothing I've ever felt. It's a complete jolt through my whole body. Everything is tingling. I feel the pull even stronger now. And I feel at peace, like there had been a hole somewhere that had been filled now. God, I needed her like I needed to breath. And I hated that. I hated being dependent on someone. But I loved it at the same time too, because I needed her. When I'm done writing my number down on her hand, she introduces herself. "Rachel," I reiterate quietly. It's possibly the prettiest name I've ever heard. And I like how it feels in my mouth. When did I get to be so damn corny? I like how her name feels in my mouth? But I do. And I find myself saying it again, "Rachel." I smile slightly at her. And then she continues to say that she's Rachel Black. Black! Rachel Black! What the fuck?! My hand snaps away from her, like it's on fire. Jake's sister Rachel. The one who's been looking out for Billy? Rachel Black? I curse my fucking bad luck, as I growl a little. I would have to suck up to that asshole Jacob now? So not going to happen. I don't care what she needs, but I can't be all buddy buddy with whiny pathetic Jacob Black. Not happening. "Jacob Black's sister?" I question, hoping that she says no. If she agrees, I don't know if I will be able to hold back the string of profanities. I then realize that I'm being rude. Not that I care. I mean if she's Jake's sister I'm out of here. I really am. Imprint or no imprint. Gorgeous or not. Amazing smile. Beautiful laughter. I'm so not going to be able to go anywhere. I groaned inwardly. "I'm Paul," I tell her, "Paul Harwood." I wonder if she remembers me. I wonder if she'll hate me once she does. Because all she knows of me is that I was the kid who used to terrorize her brother. RACHEL I smile at how nice his hand feels over mine, how his touch sends an unanticipated shiver of pleasure down my spine. It's firm and strong yet so gentle. It feels so natural there it's kind of weird. He is, after all, still a stranger at a gas station. I wonder about how warm his skin is, hot even. Like I've noticed Jacob's has been. I'd asked him several times if he was sick or something but he always brushed it of telling me I'm imagining things. Maybe he's right. Maybe I've been away too long. But then he shocks me by pulling his hand away upon hearing my name, so sharply that I find myself taking a step back, wondering what I did. He stares at me, disbelief written all over his face. I feel my pulse pick up speed a little, trying to register his reaction. And then he mentions Jake, a tone of recognition in his voice. "Yeah, you know him?" I reply, even though it's obvious that he does. And I can't help but notice that he doesn't seem all too thrilled about it. When he snaps out of it and proceeds to introduce himself, it's then that I realise why. "Paul… Harwood?" I repeat after him, wondering if I heard right. This can't be the same Paul Harwood that Jake used to come home complaining about when he was a kid, the same Paul Harwood who gave my brother a black eye on his birthday because he was jealous of his new bike. Not that Paul. This guy doesn't look that young. Then again, Jake doesn't really look his age either… "You're kidding, right?" I see the look on his face and can't seem to hold back the laugh that escapes my lips. It is him, all grown up now, obviously. "Oh my gosh, we meet at last!" PAUL She's laughing! She's really laughing?! At what? This is so far from funny. I find the love of my life and she has to be related to one of the most annoying people that I know. That I've ever met. Probably that I ever will meet. This is no laughing matter. What if she's a whiner, like Jake? I have to deal with that double for the rest of time? After all I did find her crying at a gas pump. Could my luck be any worse? What do I do now? I shove my hands deep in my pockets. It's safer that way. No touching. I don't feel the peace if we don't touch. If we don't touch, I can ignore the pull. Really, I can. I can cut myself free from this bond. Besides she deserves better than me. She deserves somebody who didn't beat up her kid brother. But I find myself laughing despite myself, because her laughter is contagious. "So I guess my reputation precedes me," I said to her simply. And then I wasn't sure what else to say. And I needed to get away before I ruined her life. "I should go," I tell her, heading back towards my truck. She won't think this is funny when she finds out what's going on here. That her free will has been taken away. And that the universe's idea of a cosmic joke was to stick her with me.