in six months he will meet her at a bar called Pub Fiction in Houston, and that she will be there, waiting. Peter is getting anxious about meeting his true mate. He keeps busy remodeling his house, to keep him from thinking too much about whom his mate is; what she would think of him; if she would accept him. Meanwhile, Jasper and Charlotte tied the knot in Vegas over three months ago before an Elvis impersonator, per Charlotte's request. Peter went with them to see his only sister get married. His mental guru hints to him that it is time to meet his mate at last and she will be there at 9 PM at that bar in question. He dresses in black jeans with a white button down shirt along with black Stetson cowboy hat and boots. His sister and no brother-in-law decide to go with him, as moral support, they tell him. Charlotte is also anxious to meet her brother's mate; she'll be her new sister. Jasper is there to help Peter with the situation, with Bella being his true mate, he understands her more than Peter does at this moment in time. They enter the bar, not attracting too much attention, and sit down at the table in the far back corner after they order drinks. Just as they sit down, Bella walks in wearing a red satin dress, six inches above her knee, the neckline low-cut enough to reveal her cleavage slightly, and she is wearing nude high heels. Peter takes notice of her straight away, as do many others in the bar, he notices. She looks smoking hot to Peter; her body has curves in all the right places, perfectly portioned, and her hair is a gorgeous mahogany in long waves reaching down to her waist. In his eye, she is the most beautiful creature he has set his eyes on in his entire existence. She definitely works out to have and keep a spanking hot body like hers. Jasper nods to Peter motioning to him that this is the time to make his move. Breathing out to prepare himself, he gets up and goes to stand at the edge of the bar observing his mate. Meanwhile, Bella orders herself a Martini and begins sipping at it while looking around the bar. A man approaches her and offers to buy her a drink, which she agrees to, and then proceeds to flirt with him. Peter is feeling anger towards the man that is making moves on Bella, advancing on his mate. He would tear down the establishment to get him away from her, but knows he couldn't, as he will just push his mate away. Peter is becoming one very possessive vampire towards his mate and it will only get worse for him as time goes on, the long he spends with her. Bella, Peter notices, is looking at a group of males that are standing near the bar, watching their encounter too. She turns to the man, asking: 'Why don't we get out of here?' The guy quickly agrees and she smiles and gets off the bar stool, taking the man's arm, leading him to the back door. That makes Peter angry that she is going with him and alone. There are four other males, which he can now guess are with that same male. They decide to follow them out of the bar soon after. What the males didn't know is that there are four other agents also in the bar along with Bella as back up and they follow her out, along with the suspects. Peter, Charlotte, and Jasper decide to follow them all out too. They see a black SUV riot van pull up fast in the back alleyway. People in protective uniform and handling firearms came pouring out of the van as the van door slides open and seize the four men that were following the man and Bella. There is one man who escapes, the same one that was flirting with my Bella and he starts running by foot in the opposite direction at an alarming rate. Bella races after him, kicking her shoes off to chase the man down having to notice his attempt to escape. Peter, Charlotte, and Jasper are following Bella to be sure she is safe. Peter's instincts are kicking in on an all-time high, he need to protect his mate clouding his mind. He then notice as they catch up with Bella that she has taken out a gun from a holster hidden on her thigh, aims at her target and she pulls the trigger, shooting the man down. The three vampires, well, they just didn't know what to make of it. Their concern for Bella is written clearly on all of their faces and their emotions are overwhelmed - they didn't need Jasper to know that. Jasper is sensing confusion and deception from the males that are being taken away in the black SUV. He is more concerned though for the safety of his brother's mate. They are all wondering what Bella has gotten herself into. They all just want to keep her safe. Jasper wants to be her protective brother and hide her from the bad men in the world. Charlotte wants to take Bella away from here to keep her safe...and go shopping. She also wants her brother to finally get his happy ever after too, just as she has with Jasper. What they don't know is that she is an F.B.I agent, trained well, and considered one of the most skilled in the area. She can handle herself just fine, if they know what she is capable of doing. That is when Peter chooses his moment to speak up to Bella. "Are you alright sugar? Did he hurt you?" Peter asks her, stepping into view. That is when Bella snaps her head around to come face-to-face with three vampires with red eyes. And that one of them is Jasper.