easier. Plus I had grabbed the ring of keys to all the vehicles that we always kept in the dressing room for emergencies. I took her to the roadie bus and banged on the door once while unlocking it. "Hey you bunch of rejects," I yelled, walking in. "It's me. Is there a..." It suddenly occurred to me that I didn't know the cousin's name. I turned to Blondie. "What's your cousin's name?" I asked. "Bella," she said. "Is there a Bella here?" I asked into the darkness. Emmett emerged from the black interior, shirtless and buttoning his jeans. "Hey, Jake," he greeted me. "S'up? Whaddya doin' out here in the slum?" "Lookin' for Blondie's cousin. Bella. She here?" "I don't fuckin know," he grinned. "Who asks names?" He turned back to the interior of the bus. "Bella?" he said. Nothing. Shit. "She's not here?" Blondie said worriedly. "Is there another roadie bus?" "Nah, but don't worry," I said, beginning to regret coming out here with her. I stepped back out into the cooling night. "I'm sure you'll find her." I turned to go back to the stage door. "You're not going to help me?" she asked, her pink lower lip pouting out. I looked at her, annoyed. I knew it was stupid to come out here. What the hell had I been thinking? Ah, shit, she looked really worried. Okay. "Let's just make sure she isn't in this bus," I said, climbing back in. Blondie followed me. Emmett got in the driver's seat and turned the lights on in the passenger section of the bus. Groans emitted from almost every seat - all the roadies were busy getting their reward. Lots of girls liked the roadies more than the actual band members. And some were just looking to get laid by anyone associated with the band. The roadies got almost as much tail as we did. "Ah, shaddup," I said good-naturedly, leading Blondie down the aisle. She looked from side to side, but apparently no one was there that she recognized. We got to the back and checked out the mattresses, but she wasn't there either. We turned to go, but then Blondie gasped. "Bella?" she said, staring into the dark back corner of the bus, where one of the pricier keyboards was stored. Sitting in a ball behind it, I could just make out a pair of jean-clad legs tucked under a skinny body with long dark hair. This must be Bella - the virgin. She poked her head out and I could see how pissed off she was in one glance. "Rose, what the heck?" she demanded. "Oh, you were looking for the virgin ," Emmett laughed. "Why didn't you say so?" Bella turned three shades of red. I could tell right away that she'd already been given a plateful of shit for the virgin thing. It was written all over her face. Then her eyes fell on me. They widened and her little mouth popped open before she could control it. "Ohmygod, you're Jake Black!" she almost whispered, awed. There were guffaws from the roadies. "You're Jake Black," mimicked Jasper in a high-pitched voice. Jasper was close friends with Emmett and he'd been with us almost as long. Kid knew his stuff - and could do amazing things with keyboards. He'd replaced Quil on occasion, when Quil was too hung over to play. "Shut the fuck up, Whitlock," I told him, still looking at this Bella chick. Something about her... "She's a huge fan," Blondie told me, smiling at Bella indulgently. "Hey, baby, thanks for coming out tonight," I said automatically. It was something I always said whenever girls told me they were fans before, during, or after a show. It was almost like a reflex now. Bella's round eyes flicked from me to Blondie. "Did you...?" she broke off, dropping her gaze. Even I knew what she was asking - if Blondie and I had done the dirty deed. Blondie didn't answer. "Come on, Bella, let's go," she said, grabbing Bella's hand. Reluctantly, Bella allowed herself to be led away, looking over her shoulder at me. "Hey," I called as they got to the front of the bus. "You comin' out tomorrow?" "Tonight was your last show here," Blondie said. I looked to Emmett. "Is that right?" I asked. We traveled so much, I never knew where we were or how long we'd been there. "Yep, Milwaukee tomorrow night," he confirmed. "How far is that?" I asked Blondie. "It's like two hours," she answered. "But I don't have tickets anyway." "If I get you a couple of tickets, you'd come out?" I said. I didn't even know why I was asking. I never did stuff like this. I had never once used a free ticket for one of my friends or family members, let alone one of my conquests. I knew we had a shit-ton, though. It was part of the rider. Emmett usually carried them. He whipped two out and handed them to me. "Make 'em good," I said under my breath. He pulled a different pair from the bottom of the pile. "Ohmygod, seriously?" Blondie wasn't the pro groupie any more. She was back to the star-struck girl. I couldn't figure her out. "Yeah we would. Right, Bella?" Bella nodded, her mouth still agape as she looked at me. I figured I'd give the kid a break. I took the tickets from Emmett and strode up the aisle. I handed them to Bella and leaned down, kissing her once on the cheek. "See you tomorrow, baby," I said. Emmett was right behind me and handed them both laminated Backstage Pass lanyards. "Come see me first, little virgin. I'll get you where you need to be," he said, raising his eyebrows a few times. The girls left with twin smiles plastered across their faces. As they descended the stairs of the bus, I heard the virgin say, "He called me baby ! Twice !"