you to the door. The Chief wouldn't want me to have you walk those few feet alone." Edward and I held hands as he led me to the door. Once we reached it, I turned and stood up on my tiptoes to kiss him. Edward lifted me up a little to have better access and deepened the kiss by mingling his tongue with mine. Things were about to get a little hot and heavy when Edward suddenly let go of me – which caused me to almost fall over which he prevented by grabbing my waist and steadying me– because the front door opened. I expected Charlie to reprimand us and tell me to get inside but to my surprise my dad wasn't alone. Next to him stood Sue Clearwater and she was straightening herself a little and her cheeks betrayed that she was either embarrassed of very flustered. In fact, I may be mistaken but my dad seemed a little flustered himself. "Bella you're home," he said and he sounded a little surprised. "It's my curfew," I reminded him. "Oh yeah, right." Weird. "Well, I better go," Sue announced as she moved past Edward and I and turned to give a small wave at the end of the driveway. "I must go too," Edward said, before he placed a small kiss on my lips and turned to walk back to the Volvo. Shockingly Charlie didn't have a snarky or threatening come back about PDA like he usually did. "You okay, dad?" I asked once we were inside. "Fine," he muttered as he closed the front door and locked it. "You better get ready for bed; it's getting close to 10:00 PM" I nodded and bid my father goodnight before I headed up the stairs and straight to the bathroom to take a quick shower. Once I was done I wrapped a towel around myself and listened to make sure Charlie was watching sports downstairs. We had this kind of "half nekkid" run in once and while it didn't bother me so much, I knew it would make my dad realize I was a girl with girl parts and that would put the idea in his head that Edward knew about my girl parts and liked them (which he did) and well…it was better if my dad didn't think of me as a girl too much. I knew it killed him to let me sleep over at the Cullens and I was certain he had convinced himself that Edward and I never shared a bed. I found Edward waiting in my room when I came out of the bathroom. He was lounging on my bed. "You're wet," he smiled. "I love the way you smell when you're wet." "Well, hello innuendo," I teased him as I searched for some underwear and pajamas. "Oh Bella, I don't know where that mind of yours wanders off to but I was referring to the fact you just took a shower. Nothing else." I rolled my eyes. "Yeah, sure. Me too." "Okay, so maybe I enjoy your arousal too. And speaking of that…your father and Sue; what is going on there because I could smell…." "Stop!" I interrupted him a little too loudly. "Don't even think to use the word smell, arousal and my dad in the same sentence!" "I'm just saying; he and Sue Clearwater looked very cozy….." "Don't talk about that either," I hissed my voice lower now so that I wouldn't alert Charlie. "I don't want to know about my dad's love life because I'm a firm believer he doesn't have one." "You'd be surprised," Edward teased. "It sure looked like he does." "Edward you have to stop, because I will send you away and then call Alice to tell her you're mean to me." "Scary." "Oh, I know you are scared," I pointed out. "Now, turn around so I can get dressed." "If I must," he obliged before flipping on his stomach and burying his nose in my pillow. "Smells good," he murmured. "So good." I quickly finished getting dressed, brushed my hair and left my room to yell another goodnight to my dad from the top of the stairs before I joined Edward – who had flipped back the covers for me – in my bed. I yawned involuntarily which made Edward chuckle because he knew how much I hated that sleep deprived me of a long make out sessions in the dark. "Stupid cheerleading wipes me out, I muttered as I snuggled close. "Just sleep," Edward said and he started humming some Coldplay, knowing it would pull me under. In no time I did find myself in a state of sleep. And with sleep came dreams. Vivid dreams. They were always the same lately. There was a hunter. There was a prey. And amidst a chaos of colors like green, muddy brown and red and objects I could never see clearly, there was the incredibly strong desire for blood and one strong heartbeat pounding away like a beckoning in the madness, calling out to be silenced. I knew I was the hunter; I could feel the adrenaline rush coursing through me subconsciously, taste the copper of blood on my tongue and feel the alluring overpowering call to find my prey. To silence the heartbeat. A/N: We're back! For those who've waited for this: I'm sorry it took longer than planned. For those new to the story: it would make sense to read or skim through Eternally Intertwined first. I need a BETA because my spelling sucks, so if you're game; send me a PM. :) RE: Eternally Intertwined; I know it has major grammar errors. I hope to get to a point where I can clean those up but at the moment, life and writing keeps me busy enough as it is. I am almost done with chapter 2, which will be up in a few days. Every writer loves reviews, as do I. ;) Happy Hump Day!