I ask, jumping on it immediately. "Uh, nothing–" "No, what do you mean 'crap'?" I demand, frowning up at him. "I'll, uh, tell you later, or, uh, yeah…" "Tell me what, Paul?" Stepping back again, his hand finishes dropping down my arm. "I shouldn't tell you yet, but I will," he adds quickly when he registers my expression. "Yeah, great, well I think I should be heading off," I inform Paul, turning on my heels and walking back up the beach. "Bye Paul." "Wait, Rachel," he called. He appears before me, walking backwards as I angrily stomped on. "I'll tell you everything you want to know, just not right now." I look off to my left, trying to ignore him. "I promise, Rachel." I halt mid-step and study his face, trying to find any sign of a lie, but he looks completely sincere. "Everything?" I ask skeptically. "Everything," he confirms. I nod slowly and my lips twitch slightly. "I'm holding you that promise, Paul whatever-your-name-is." "Lahote." "Good to know." "Can I walk you back then?" he asked me quietly. "Sure, why not?" A grin sneaks onto my face. The walk back to my house doesn't take very long, and somehow, once we started talking, we didn't stop. Sure, Paul wasn't the brightest tool in the box, but he definitely knew how to make me laugh. As we turned onto the dirt road that ran up to my house, I kept brushing Paul's hand with my own. Unintentionally, of course, but I turned just a second after him so we were even closer. He just smiled a little and kept talking, but I could feel my cheeks burning as I dug my hands into my jacket pockets, trying not to clue him in. When the old, red house was in sight, I noticeably slow, wanting to waste as much time as possible before my day reverted to the same pattern as yesterday: boring and predictable. "I guess we're here then…" I sigh, both of us coming to a standstill just outside. "Yep…" "I'll see you around, right?" I inquire quickly, turning to face him again. "Course," he grins. I fidget for a moment, unsure what to do, so I decide to do exactly the same thing Paul had done when he introduced himself. I offer my hand for him to shake. He just smirks down at it before taking it, but instead of doing what a normal person would do and shake it, I'm pulled to him for an actual hug. I can't say I mind either; he seems so warm and familiar (somehow). I hug him back for a few seconds, pulling him close with my arms around his middle until I decide that enough time has probably passed to make this the longest anyone can have a friendly hug for. I step back and flashed him my best smile before walking up the steps, stopping and twisting around when I'm one from the top, a question on the tip of my tongue. "Hey," I call back to him when I notice he's started to walk away. He looks over his shoulder at me and stops, raising an eyebrow and waiting for me to speak. "I have one question. Will you answer it?" "Depends what it is?" My unimpressed expression clearly registers. "Fire away." "Are you on steroids?" Taking in his body-builder stature, it's clear he's physically fit and presumably strong, although I can't say mind. Paul just laughs at me. Again. "I'm taking that as a no," I grumble, rolling my eyes as I walk backwards up the last step. "What made you think I was?" he continues to laugh. I huff and shake my head. "Ah, well, I guess you're reasonably hot then… Goodbye…" "Bye Rachel…" I push the door open and steal one last glimpse of him before walking through the house to the kitchen. "Morning," I greet as I grab a glass and a bowl from the cupboard. Jake was back, leaning against the counter eating a massive bowl of cornflakes. The box sitting next to him looks suspiciously empty. "Did you eat all of them again?" I seethe. Jake shrugs at me and peeks down into the box before his eyes wander as he continued to munch on his breakfast. I snatched the box off the side and looked too. "Stop eating everything already!" I flicked his ear for good measure and poured the pathetic amount of cereal into my bowl, adding half a carton of milk so it actually looked like something worth eating. "It's not my fault you didn't get up earlier," he mutters, eyes flicking to where I'd entered the kitchen. "Actually, I did!" I point out, jumping on the opportunity. "And you weren't here! Now tell me, why is that?" Jake regards me across the kitchen and simply declares, "Running." "Running? Seriously?" I so do not believe him. "Uh huh, lots of running. Ever gone running in the forest?" "No, not really." "It's not that bad actually," he muses thoughtfully. "So you went running… in a forest… at six in the morning?" I clarify slowly, repeating the facts. "Mm-hmm," he bobs his head with a mouthful of cornflakes. "And I'm guessing you have running shoes too?" "Nope." Well that's helpful. "So – just let me get this straight – you go running every morning before anyone else is awake in a forest that's probably filled with killer bears and stuff?" "Killer bears?" Jake chortles. "Not funny, and yeah! Killer bears! I called the INTERNET, idiot. I know about those people who went missing around here and Forks!" I almost shout. "That stopped months ago, Rach, so calm down. There's nothing that's exactly dangerous out there," he laughs again, although this time much more sourly. "Fine, be like that." I snatch my bowl of milk from the counter and exit to the living room where I'd left one of my books last night, sitting down heavily to sulk quietly over my cereal.