my breathing under control, when the warning bell rang. I quickly did my bra clasp and straighten my cloths, while I curse him some more. God! I hope don't look like I was just making out with my boyfriend . I did a quick pray before leaving the empty class room. That jerk was waiting for me in front of my locker, looking way too smug for my liking. "You okay there, Isa." He asked, giving me a TOO innocent smile. I just give him my meanest glare before wrenched open my locker to grab my things. I heard him chuckled. That made me angrier, so I just gave him another glare and walked to my class without waiting for him. He followed behind me, still laughing! The nerve of that boy! I fumed and did my best to ignore him. Since, this year we had only first period English, lunch, and AP biology together, except for the brief time he walked me to my classes, I didn't get to see him much until lunch. So, by the time it was lunch hour my anger was pretty much forgotten and I was missing him. As soon as lunch bell rang I quickly grab my bag and almost ran to door. He was waiting for me on the hall leaning against the wall. When he saw me his face broke into a wide grin. Without thinking I return his smile and hugged him. "I saw that you are not angry anymore." He asked, teasingly. I pulled away and scowled him playfully "Oh, I'm still very angry." "Is there anything I can do to make you happy again?" he played along. I pretend to think before saying with false enthusiasm, "I got it!" "You have to buy me my favorite lunch and...keep the promise you had made this morning." He groaned at the last part, before saying in strained voice "You can count on that, Isa." I just giggled We didn't have many friends. Alright! We didn't have any friends except each other. So, during lunch we sat in our usual table of two talking, joking, and teasing. -MF&LE- The rest of school hours passed in a blur. And in no time we were in his car heading back to home. "My house or yours?" He asked suggestively. "Yours. Phil and mom must be home, packing." I explained to him, eager to be alone with him. He nodded his head and drove toward his home. It was a huge three story building. They even had their own privet beach in backyard. It was not a surprise, though. Edward was from a very rich and high class family. His dad, Edward Masen Senior, was a well-known lawyer in Jacksonville and had his own law farm. His mom, Elizabeth Masen, was a famous architect. So, in a word, his family was loaded. It was unfair how some people have everything: the Money, Look and Brain. Their butler/driver George opened the door for us. Inside Aunt Elizabeth greeted us with warm hugs. She was always affectionate and motherly. "Hello, Bella dear, how was the school?" She asked me lovingly. "Hello, Aunt Elizabeth. The school was same, I guess." I answered; shrugging. "Are you two hungry? Would you like something to eat?" She asked us. "No, I'm not." Edward replied, looking at me. "I'm not hungry either." I shrugged "Alright ask Merry to make something for you if you get hungry." Merry was their cook and/ or maid. "Are you going somewhere, mom?" Edward asked. That was when I notice she was wearing a formal suit, instead of her usual dresses. "Yes, I have a meeting with a client." She usually worked at home unless there was client meeting or something. "Oh. Well, best of luck, Mom." He kissed her cheek. He was such a mamma's boy. "Thank you, Son." She smiled and kissed his cheek, too. "Oh! Mom, Aunt Renee is going on trip with Phil for a week. Will it be alright if Isa spend the week in our home, so she won't be alone?" He asked, giving his mom a very innocent smile. She gave me a soft smile and said gently, "Of course, dear you can stay here as long as you want. This is your home too." "Thank you, Aunt Elizabeth." "Alright I'm leaving. Stay out of trouble and be safe." On the last part she gave Edward a pointed look. I saw the tips of his ear became very red. "Don't worry Aunt Elizabeth. I'll make sure he won't put the house into fire." I said, thinking she must be talking about the incident where Edward almost got us killed in fire. I saw Edward gave me a strange look. "I'm sure you will dear." She gave me the same look as Edward and shook her head before kissing both of our foreheads. After saying her goodbye we headed upstairs to Edward's suite. Yes, Edward did have his own suite .The whole third floor of the house renovated into a suite for Edward. It was a gift from his parents for his fourteenth birthday. His mom designed it herself. There he had his personal bed room, bathroom, study room, gym, music room, art studio. He even had his own drawing room. As soon as we entered his suite he locked the door and pinned me against the drawing room wall. He didn't even wait for us to go to bedroom! "You aren't gonna waste any time, are you?" I asked teasingly, breathlessly; as he yanked my top over my head and snapped open my bra. "Well, we don't have much time to waste. I have a promise to keep." He said, while he removed his own shirt and pants and I did a quick work with my skirt and underwear. Needless to say, he made good on his promise. He did make me forget my own name. A.N. I hope you liked the story so far. Thank you for reading.