after wave of unimaginable pleasure. Scary thing was, I'd practically blacked out over sensory overload and you'dve thought after a performance like that one, Edward wouldn't have been far behind me. Turns out the boy had been scheming. Biding his time with all sorts of dirty little plans. "Mmm..." He hummed softly as he kissed my fluttering exhausted lids. "It's always nice when you soak my cock." Slightly coming to, I give him my best side eye. "What's gotten in to you tonight?" I mumble as he rocks our bodies together softly. " Did you sneak oysters or something?" I feel more than see his grin. "You complainin' that I'm insatiable?" "Never." "Didn't think so." When I feel his hand at my bottom softly caressing I'm practically lulled into a coma and purring like a kitten. "That was incredible though, yeah?" "I'd say so." He drops kisses at my cheeks, neck and collarbone. "But there's a lot to be said about taking ones time too. Don't you think?" "You know I love how thorough you can be." "I thought so and I don't think I'm done with you just yet." It's peaceful, this connection is magnified by our joined hips and I recognize that I've never felt more whole, more complete when I share moments like these with Edward. I have no idea what I'd do if he wasn't in my life and I know deep in my bones that this man is the one I was meant to live my life with. It's terrifying and exhilarating, and although I'm not sad, I don't know why I suddenly get the urge to cry. "So perfect." Edward murmurs against my neck as he continues his slow deep thrusts. "Feels so good." When I feel him run his hands down my sides I know what he wants. Lifting up, I grant him access to slip his hands under my bottom. When my hips are cupped at a new angle I feel him hit that sweet spot again, only this time the pressure stacking up is a slow build and a deep burn. I can feel ever delicious inch of him sinking deep and its the sweetest torture. I can tell he's close and I want to make it feel so good for him. "I love you." I whisper into his damp hair. "Yes" He groans a single word agreement and I can't help how my head flops back into the mattress as his mouth works at my pulse point. It isn't long before I'm tipping over the edge, our connection suddenly slicker and my euphoria at an high. A groan with a mixture of relief and protest escapes his lips as his hips pick up the pace. With a hand at my hip, he gently guides me into the perfect position. With every thrust of his hips I feel him tensing for his climax and I get lost. When it finally hits him I can feel his entire body vibrate with the rush of it. "Oh Bella." Like a whispered curse from his lips, he grunts and groans above me before seizing up and riding out his own pleasure before collapsing on top of me. Shuttering and weak, he places lazy kisses everywhere his mouth will reach without having to move his head. The gentle scrape of his five o'clock shadow makes me squirm. When I feel his responding smile at my neck I giggle. "This is it for me." He promises, gathering my tightly. "You've got me for life whether you want me around or not." "I'll always want you." I promise him, a little breathless at his admission but giddy and so in love. Quiet for a moment, we bask in the afterglow. Feeling his breath come and go and the steady beat of his heart against my skin brings a dosing calm. I'm almost asleep when I hear him speak softly. "I love you." Turning his head he rest his face over my breast, hot and sweaty from our activities but he's careless of our current slickened state. Without thought he lays a gentle kiss with the quirk of his mouth to the soft flesh closest to his lips. Content, my fingers play soothingly in his dampened hair as we came down from our high. It was the happiest I'd ever felt. Together for four years and this was still everything I wanted and needed. I hoped we could hold on to these feelings forever. "I love you, too." Smiling, I pressed a soft kiss into his hair. The electricity between us thrummed like the sweetest of lullabies. It wasn't long before exhaustion quickly took over as the sensation that had awakened our flesh slowly slipped away. Blissfully content, I shifted until I was wrapped in him arms and cradled against him. It wasn't long before we fell into a peaceful rest and I drifted in a place where I felt loved and safe. Unbeknown to me that wouldn't be lasting much longer. This story might'a been somewhat familiar to some of you. It's a rework of a story thats been near and dear to me and in the works for what feels like forever. It's been posted and taken down, I've been rubbed raw and MIA. I'm happy and excited to get back into writing, to get back to all of you. Now here it is shinny and newly named. I'm proud to announce that I'm able to give you a posting schedule because this is a finished story, one that I couldn't be more happy to have under my belt. So if you're willing, and you enjoy heartache and angst then join me for the ride every Tuesday. Much love to betasmith for reworking, reworking, and reworking this piece. Music - When you were mine - Lady Antebellum Thank you to everyone who begged, badgered, and pushed me to complete this story and repost it. Your kind words of encouragement and support have meant the world. xo