name Alice. She doesn't know anyone by that name. Oh, she got the date wrong. She erases March 3rd and writes September 16th. Her teacher gives her a look when she takes her paper and Bella tries to force herself to smile. She's not sure she succeeds. …. "Who am I?" the boy asks, over the crashing waves in her ears, "Bella, who am I?" "Jacob Black," Bella says, "You're my best friend." Jacob nods, and asks her to pass him the tools. She passes him the tools. He only has to repeat what he asked for twice. ….. "Bella, I think we should take you to the doctor," Charlie says, and Bella looks up from her book. "Why?" she asks, tilting her head, "Am I sick?" "No, baby," Charlie says, putting his hand on her shoulder, "But it's been months and you keep spacing out," "I'm fine," Bella says and Charlie shakes his head. "No, Bella. You're not," he says, firmly, "This isn't normal break up behavior, Bella," "Break up?" Bella repeats, then shakes her head, "I didn't break up with anyone, Dad." "I know, sweetheart," Charlie says, "He broke up with you," "I've never had a boyfriend," she states, before going back to reading her book. She wonders why she never read Romeo and Juliet before. It's a really good book. "Bella, what day is it?" Charlie asks, and Bella answers without look up. "September 16th," "Bella, it's March 30th," Charlie says, so sadly that it brings tears to Bella's eyes, the pain is so sharp. Bella blinks, there's a ringing in her ears, and a velvety voice hissing angrily at her. She blinks again and it's gone. She looks back down at the book in her hands, and turns back to the first page. She doesn't know why she would start at the middle of a book she's never read before. … She's at the hospital. She doesn't remember driving to the hospital. She looks over and sees Charlie sitting in the chair beside her. Oh, he must have brought her here. Was she sick? "Bella," the doctor asks, and Bella frowns. He wasn't her normal doctor. "Do you know where you are?" the doctor asks, and Bella nods. "I'm in a hospital," Bella answers, and the doctor nods. "Do you know why you're in the hospital?" he asks, and Bella looks at Charlie. "Am I sick?" she asks, and Charlie looks away. "Yes, Bella," the doctor says, "but we're going to make you all better," Bella nods, and follows the doctor into the backroom. The doctor only has to remind her where she is twice. ….. She's in Jacob's garage. She looks around, but Jacob's nowhere to be found. She gets up and heads to the house. She can hear yelling from the yard. "She doesn't need to be in a hospital!" Jacob shouts, and Bella freezes, the air leaving her lungs. "The doctor said—" Charlie starts, and Jacob interrupts. "He couldn't find anything wrong with her!" Jacob exclaims, "Her brain is fine!" "But she's still having black outs, son," Billy joins in, "She doesn't even know what day it is," "I brought her a calendar," Jacob says, and Bella smiles slightly. "Look, I don't want her to go any more than you do," Charlie says, "But you know that ever since Edward—" Bella covers her ears and curls into herself. She can't breathe; it hurts… Blood dripping onto a carpet…. leaves rustling in the wind…A velvety voice saying something… This hurts…this hurts her. "Bells?" a familiar husky voice says, and Bella flinches, takes her hands way from her ears, "How much of that did you here?" Bella blinks. "Who are you?" Bella asks, and the boy smiles. "Let's get you inside," The boy says, holding out his hand. Bella takes his hand, and lets him lead her back to the garage. He asks her for tools and she passes them to her. He only has to repeat what he asked for twice. ... September 16, 2005 "I'll make you a promise in return," he says, cupping her face. "I promise that this will be the last time you'll see me. I won't come back. I won't put you through anything like this again. You can go on with your life without any more interference from me. It will be as if I'd never existed." He presses his lips to her forehead and her knees start to shake, memories flashing quickly before her eyes, fading away as he lets her go. "Bella," the pale boy asks, "Do you know who I am?" She's dizzy and her head hurts. His question swirls around in her head and she tries to concentrate. "I-I don't," she stares at him, confused, "Who…?" "Consider this a gift," The pale boy with gold eyes says, "Goodbye, Bella," "Wait!" Bella gasps, confused, reaching out for him but he takes another step backwards. "Take care of yourself," he smiles sadly, covering her eyes with his hand. There is a strange unnatural wind and she blinks. ... She wakes up in her bed. She lifts up and winces, pressing her hand to her head. What happened? She looks out the window and sees it's morning. She has to get ready for school. She gets out of bed and a slip of paper flutters to the ground. "How happy is the blameless vestal's lot. The world forgetting, by the world forgot. Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind. Each pray'r accepted, and each wish resign'd." Bella reads, makes a face and throws the paper in the trash. What was that doing there? "Time it was And what a time it was, it was A time of innocence A time of confidences Long ago it must be I have a photograph Preserve your memories They're all that's left you" ― Paul Simon, Lyrics 1964-2008 Author's note: I have no idea where this came from, but I feel strangely proud. Please Review and let me know what you think