Edward muttered something along the lines of 'she really is my mate'. What did he mean by that? Suddenly all of the anger and menace was gone, replaced with a comforting gaze that made me feel safe. "Bella, I thank you for your consideration. But you are my first priority. I want… need you to be comfortable. If I were to sleep on the bed while you were on the couch I wouldn't get a bit of sleep. So please just take the bed." He said his eyes pleading. I was his first priority? He needed me to be comfortable? Why did he care for me so much? Why did I care for him so much? "Why are you so worried about me?" I said softly. "Because…well…I'll explain later." He said sighing. He rubbed the temple of his forehead and I realized how tired he must be. I could already see his eyes begin to droop. "Why…why don't we sleep in the bed…together?" I said hoping he wouldn't call me a scarlet woman. "Bella I don't know what I've done to make you think I'm that… kind of man but I don't….bed with women whom I am not married to." He nearly hissed. I felt anger come up like a wave and crossed my arms. "And I don't know what I've done to make you think I'm that kind of woman. The only reason I said that was is because I know you don't want me here and honestly I'm not sure if I want to be here either after what you just said. All I wanted to do was lay down. I would never bed with anyone who wasn't my husband." I said my breaths coming out in small huffs. "I'm…good Lord why can't I talk to you without having to apologize." He said tugging at his hair with an exasperated facial expression. I walked forward and gently took his hands from his hair and held them in my hands. "Listen I know how hard this must be for you. You've been alone for 10 years…but you don't have to be alone anymore...I-…I don't want to be alone and I don't think you want to be either." I said. "You're right…I don't want to be alone. But Bella there can't be any funny business okay?" He said seriously. I scoffed at him. If only he knew my strict rules about 'exploring hands' he would probably tremble in fear. "Well then can we go to bed now?" I said tiredly. A yawn escaped his mouth…he was absolutely adorable. "Yes, that'd be a good idea." He said staring at me. I rocked back and forth on my tiptoes wondering when he was going to escort us to the room. After a couple of seconds I rolled my eyes and walked to the small room. Once I was in the room I turned around to ask him what side he preferred and stopped short at the sight before me. There was a strange feeling inside of me that blossomed when I saw Edward's chiseled back. Could it be…love? No it couldn't be love…we'd only just met. "Oh…I-I'm sorry Bella…I'd thought you'd be laying down." He said his cheeks turning pink. "No it's fine. We'll just clarify if we're changing next time won't we?" I said my voice a few pitches higher than normal. "Y-yep." Was all he said before he left the room. I quickly jumped onto the right side of the bed…if it was his side then he would have to get over it. Beating my pillow to make it softer achieved nothing but a sore arm. I tossed and turned trying to get comfortable but my clothes were sticking to my skin and felt rougher than usual. In the middle of a toss and turn Edward came back into the room…with a shirt on. Thank the Heavens. "Um Bella…these are for you." He said holding out a bundle of clothes. I quickly hopped out of the bed and grabbed them hoping they would be softer than my leather clothing. "Is there somewhere I could change?" I said. "Oh…yes of course. I'll go into the kitchen. Just call me when you're done." He said darting out of the room. I sniffed my underarm...I didn't stink…so why did he keep flying out of the room? Sighing to myself I brought my thoughts away from the mysterious man and quickly changed into the clothes he'd bought me. A warm looking black knitted sweater shirt was the first item in the pile. Worn out flannel sleep pants which looked way to long for me also lay in the pile. After changing I looked at myself in the small mirror next to the door. I looked like an extremely rumpled dwarf in the clothing he'd bought me. I could tell they were his by the heavenly scent that radiated off of them. "Edward. You may come in now." I said. Not five seconds later he was once again in the room wearing the same pants as I and a t-shirt. The contrast between the fittings of the clothing was comical. His pants went exactly to his ankles looking well fitted. Whereas my…or should I say his pajama pants on me went past my feet and a few inches farther. "So which side do you prefer?" I asked. "I usually sleep on the left side." He said. I nodded and quickly lay down on the right side my back turned the opposite way. The bed shifted with extra weight being added. Blankets shifted, cold feet brushed against mine, whispered apologies, and soft snores. Is this what it's like when you're married? If it is then I hope I would get married soon. A/N: Logos- the Word of God, or principle of divine reason and creative order, identified in the Gospel of John with the second person of the Trinity incarnate in Jesus Christ. The verse I used earlier is: 1 Thessalonians 4:16-17 Please review! - Bree59