die. That is the risk I will have to take. I see Diaz and McKinney coming my way taking a look at their bodies. "What do we have here Swan?" Diaz asked me and he bends downs to expect the bodies and starts taking pictures of their bodies. "We have blunt force trauma to their bodies and bite marks on their necks and there is no gunshot or stab wounds." I say to him. "What are you telling me a vampire did this? Why would someone bite someone? It looks like human indentations teeth marks on the skin." McKinney stated. "Well, this reminds me of, True Blood and the, Vampire Diaries whoever did this is out for blood." Diaz says to us and he is taking notes on his IPod pad. "McKinney slaps, Diaz on the back of his head for me. I swear he watches those TV shows too damn much." McKinney slaps, Diaz on back of his head for me. Samson if he was here he would do the same thing to, Diaz and slap him on the back of his head. "Well, we need to wrap this investigation up and get back to headquarters to do the research. Samson would want answers." McKinney says to us and he is in second command when Samson our commanding field officer cannot be here. We spent six hours out at the scene and when we got back to office we were starved and needing some lunch. Abby orders us some sub sandwiches and brought it out to us. She is looking at me at my desk and taking a bite out of my sub sandwich. "Well, to let you guys know the doc tried to take blood samples of the three dead corpses there is no blood that came out. It was all drained out of their systems. The only thing that could drain the blood is a phlebotomy. There were no needle marks on their skin which indicate it was done. I highly doubt the killers would have had the time to do it. He did say that there are many broken bones in their bodies due to blunt force used on them." Abby tells us and I know without a shadow of doubt it is a vampire who did this. I do remember the blunt force that, James used on me breaking my bones. "Abby my thinking it is a vampire who did this. What else could have done it?" Diaz says to her. Samson comes to him and slaps him on the back of his head and smirks at him. "This case is so cool. I've go back to lab see you guys later." Abby says to us she dresses in Goth and wears tattoos with her long straight black hair down to her waist. "You guys I need answers so let's get to work now. Diaz there is no existence of vampires. Get your heads back into the game." Samson doesn't know I used to roam with actual vampires and shape-shifters which turn into horse size wolves. Samson orders us and goes over to his desk and makes a call on his phone. We worked for another four hours going over our new case and we decided to go home and get some sleep. I am going home to pack a bag and have it ready to leave in a few days. I would tell Samson that I needed to leave for a family emergency. What he doesn't know my trip will be taking me to Italy? I came home after work and started to pack my bag and get it ready for my trip. I made a simple chicken Caesar salad with a glass of wine and watched a movie on HBO. I had my sleeper tank top on with lacy boy shorts. I am never modest in my own home. I got sleepy after seeing the movie and fell asleep on sofa. There in my dreams I am dreaming of Jasper. Why? Jasper is walking up to me and he holds me and he is looking into my eyes as he is kissing me. I am feeling the electricity tingles through my body with his touch. He whisper to me in my ear, "Bella you are mine forever," he is kissing my down on my neck and licking me and he is unbuttoning my blouse taking his tongue down on my breast and he rips off my bra with one hand in one swift swoop. Jasper is turning me on with what he is doing to my body and my panties are getting wet with my arousal. He smells my arousal and he lets out a growl that ripples from his chest. He purrs to me while sucking on my nipple. He picks me up bridal style and lays me on the bed and he is making slow passionate love to me. Something happens to wake me up from that dream of Jasper. Oh yeah! I know the reason why I woke up I am pouring down with sweat on my body. I need a cold shower. I went upstairs to my room and go to bathroom and take a cold shower. I put on a new pair of lacy boy shorts and a new tank top. That dream I had of, Jasper got me aroused wanting him. Why? Jasper has Alice as his mate. I decided to crawl in bed to get back to sleep. Something woke me from my sleep it is my doorbell ringing. I scan over to look at my digital clock on the nightstand it is three o clocks in the morning. Who in the fuck is ringing at my door at this time of hour? I pick up my gun off the nightstand and go to the door not bothering to put on my bathrobe. I look at through the peak hole and open up the door there is Jasper. "Jasper what on earth are you doing here?"