this point, moaning, twitching, and bucking her hips in response, never had she been so excited. "Oh... oh..." she whispered. Jacob grabbed her legs and squeezed, digging his nails in them while he ate her out, causing Bella to moan loudly and grasp his hair, he snarled and continued eating her until she could feel herself about to explode. Bella was writhing in ecstacy and gripped harder onto his hair. Jacob then inserted a finger and started to finger-fuck her rapidly. Then, when he captured her clit between his teeth and lashed it with his tongue, she went tumbling into a thrashing orgasm, cumming harder than ever. "OOOOOH! OH GOD! OOOH! JACOB!" Bella cried out. Jacob almost chuckled at the fact he had made her cum so hard. He continued to eat her out a bit as she finished, then gave her pussy one last lick and kiss. "I'm a bit tired of doing all the work.. let's see how much you really want this.." He egged on, lying back on the bed. Bella looked at him, licking her lips, then crawled over top of him. Jacob was underneath her now and she laid down kisses on the man just like the ones she had received. She also got a bit daring. Her rear was lined up near perfectly, the tip of Jacob's stiff cock poking the base of one cheek, so it was purely intuitive to rub it down a few times. Then, he let his hand come down on Bella's rear with a resounding smack, causing her to yelp. Jacob squeezed her butt with both hands then, one on each cheek, and gave one last light whack for good measure. Bella's pussy was swollen and wetter than ever. He held her by the hips, pushing her back on the bed and getting on top of her again. Bella decided to continue getting frisky, wrapping her legs around him and straddling him, causing him to grin as Jacob began kissing her madly. And then, suddenly, Bella felt the swollen base of a cock enter her. She yelped. That was it. No going back. She had given herself to another man. But she was too horny to care. Soon, she was positively bouncing in the wolf's lap. Up and down, up and down, moaning as she fucked herself on this beautiful man's hard dick. Jacob groaned and reached around, assualting her little ass more by slapping it and squeezing it like life depended on it. Jacob pulled away from the kiss laughed. "Look at you go!"" She threw him a smile right back and threw her head back in ecstacy, and bounced higher with a quicker return, revelling in that succulent swell of cock inside of her. Then, suddenly, Jacob began to help out, as he began to thrust into her while she rode him. The first slam had Bella yelping in shock. Se couldn't shut up. Wordless moans, gasps and yelps were drilled out of her as Jacob took no mercy on her cunt. His tight grip on her hips did nothing to stop her body from jerking upward with every thrust. She just closed her eyes shut and let herself ride like the wind. Her entire body was pulsating, her toes wriggled. She opened her eyes and saw a smirking Jacob, she grinned and chuckled a bit, leaning in and kissing him passioantely, groaning and moaning in his mouth. Suddenly, Jacob pushed her once again on the bed and laid neatly over top of her. They reattached, his cock buried deep into Bella. All he had to do was roll his hips a little, rock them back and forth. Bella groaned deeply and reached around to squeeze at his ass. "Why are you so stupidly – nngh – stupidly perfect?" Bella gasped as he kept rolling in, drowning him with his weight and the thickness of his cock. Jacob grinned. "Tell me how you feel about me." Bella squirmed, her head dropping to the side as her body throbbed in pleasure. "You feel so good…" "Keep going.. "You're so good, you're the best, just keep going –" "The best?" "Yesssss!" She hissed. "So you like this?" "YES!" She wailed. "Do you want more?" "Yes!" Bella let her hands scrape at Jacob's shoulder's now, desperate as the pace switched back into marathon speeds. "Oh my god! Oh my god, Jacob, Jacob, please!" "How do you want it?" Bella groaned in response. "Say it!" "Harder, harder, more! Don't stop! Don't stop! You're the best! You're the best! Oh my God!" Bella was writhing underneath him, her back arching and her hands scrambling for purchase on the bed, gripping the sheets."Oh my fucking god…" And then, she came harder then ever. "OHHHH FUCCCCCKKK! YESSSSS, FUCK ME! HHMMM FUCKKKK!" That seemed to do it. Jacob slammed into her a few more times, ruthless, then suddenly pushed himself down and pulled at Bella's hair. He attacked her lips insatiably as he spilled out deep inside her. Jacob thrusted lightly as he continued to come. His breath was hot and desperate between kisses, a long moan finishing off the affair. He let himself pump in and out for a short while more before withdrawing. They kept kissing one another with a terrible longing before he leaned down to her neck, kissing at it and around her jaw, causing Bella to whimper, loving the fact she had finally gotten that release she had been aching for. Jacob panted, slowly pulling out of her, and Bella's mind was racing. Never in her wildest dreams did she think she'd be fucking Jacob. Jacob panted, leaning down to kiss her slowly and tenderly before getting off of her and collecting his clothes. "Well uh.. guess my work here is done." He said with a chuckle, causing Bella to blush and smirk. "Thanks for that.. I needed that." She said shyly. "No problem. Call me when you need dick again." He teased, winking at her as he walked out.