to fold up her glasses and place them besides her. "I've always been with you guys." "Lily, it'll be fine. You're getting worried over nothing," I said to her. "Is there a real reason you don't want to go?" She snorted as she rolled on her side so her blue eyes were looking into my brown. Her eyes looked a lot like Gwen's piercing blue. I sigh mentally. Gwen. I don't like to think about her. She was such a good friend to me when I was a small child, but she died giving birth to the twins. I never blamed the twins for the death of my friend, and I don't blame myself either for my mother's 'death'. I know I never killed my mother, but I almost did. That is a thought always in the back of my mind. I feel a bit monstrous for doing what I did to her, but I know my parents love me. They don't want me to think this way. Lily sighs, turning to me. "Okay..maybe it has to do with the fact we haven't left this island in like four or five years. We only go for hunting. Aunt Alice always takes care of the shopping and so does Grandma, plus we have basically everything delivered to our doorstep...What if we come in contact with someone like Lorenzo again? Or the Volturi?" I shivered at the thought of both. Both had a lot in common. Both are cold hearted murders and both wanted our family dead. Well the Volturi still want us dead, but we haven't heard from them in four years. "We are a powerful family, Lily," I said as I take her hands in mine. "Nothing bad like Lorenzo will happen to our family again. And if it does we'll all be here to protect one each other." She smiled at me and went to go give me a hug. "Oh Ness, you are a great sister. You know that?" I chuckled at I patted her back. "Thanks Lily." "What's going on here?" I heard a voice say. I look up to see Masen, grinning like a fool with Ethan. I roll my eyes as Lily as I pull away from each other. "Just some bonding. You know, heart to heart. Stuff like that," I tell him. "Well that's lovely," Masen said as he shook his head, getting us wet with the droplets form his thick messy hair. "Ak! Masen Anthony watch it!" Lily scolded at him as she hit him on the bicep. He let out a laugh as he went to pat her head. "Sorry Lillian Gwen! Hey, I'm going to go take a shower," he announced as he dashed away. I shake my head at my brother. I have a feeling someone is going to be a hit with the ladies. He may be a lot like dad personality wise, but he is way more outgoing. "I'm gonna go too. See ya ladies," Ethan said as he went over to our outdoor shower to rinse off before heading to his apartment on Isle Cullen. I giggle seeing Lily look over at him with a pair of googley eyes. "You are so in love with him," I tease with her. She huffs as she went to lean back against the lounge chair. "Just keep your mouth shut Renesmee Carlie. I may seem not like a person who would get down and dirty, but if I have to I will...plus I know people," She warns me. I just snorted. "Who? Lizzy and Aidan? Because those two will just make your plan backfire on not just me but you as well," I said. She rolled her eyes at me, but that's when a big red water balloon smacked her right in the head. She let out a piercing screech and turned to see Aidan with a balloon in hand. "Oh, hey sis," he said innocently, waving a hand at her. She growled and went charging at him. I laughed as the two began to chase each other around our island. I looked to see Lizzy come over followed by Masen. "So the Hale twins are fighting again, what else is new?" Masen mused. I chuckled as we just watched them chase one another for the next couple of minutes until Uncle Emmett had to break up. Later that night after dinner I head out to my spot on the little swing my dad set up a few years ago. It was one of those handmade swings my parents thought would be a good idea for our front yard. It hangs by one of the larger tree's here and it's one of my favorite places to sit. I was alone right now and all was at peace on the island. Lizzy was back in the home reading her book, Masen was playing video games with Ethan probably, and my parents were probably cuddling in their room upstairs. I do this every night, say goodnight to the island. I'll stay there from sunset until it's dusk is out and the only light is the light from the stars and moon. I look up at the sky from my spot on the swing and smile seeing all the stars beginning to light up the Brazilian sky. I felt the warm wind brush gently against my face. I loved the peaceful nights on the island to the quiet serenity you get from just standing on the beach. I sat out there for about a couple of more minutes before I headed back into the house to go to sleep. And this, has been just another normal day on the Isles de Cullen. A/N: So? What do you guys think about the 1st chapter? Like it? I know not much has happened, a few hints, but more will soon come next week. In the meantime tell me about what you think. So, please review and be on the lookout for the next chapter :)