with the kids, but she also has a part time job helping Esme with her wedding planning. Emmett on the other hand is working at the fire department, putting out fires when he can. Alice and Jasper also had a daughter who's a year younger than Renesmee. Alyssa Rose or Lissy is the spitting image of her parents. Lissy is in love with anything girly, but she is like her father when it comes to her love of history. She has Jasper's blonde hair, but Alice's green eyes. Alice also owns a boutique now while Jasper became a lawyer. The kids love to hang around Alice's boutique or Jasper's office when they can. "But didn't you already send one?" I questioned, looking at my daughter in confusion when I heard about her second letter to Santa. Renesmee wrote one during the beginning of December, and I was pretty sure I had all the presents ready. I hope she doesn't want something else. "It's just one thing, really not a big deal. I just hope that Santa will make it come true," She said as I placed her 101 Dalmatians backpack onto her back. "So it's a wish?" I asked her as I go to take her hand, ready to bring her to school. "I guess...I asked him for Daddy," She whispered. I bit my lip as I looked at my innocent five year old daughter with her hair in pigtails. She was in a white winter coat and was clutching to her raggedy old snoopy stuff animal as she looked up at me with her big brown eyes. "Oh, you know Santa might not be able to make that wish come true," I said. "But, why?" Renesmee asked, her chin wobbling a bit. "He's Santa! He can do anything!" "Yes...but Daddy coming home...it's not um up to Santa. Daddy still needs to help people out in that country. We talked about this, Renesmee. Daddy is saving people," I told her. She sighed as I placed her into her car seat. "But I want my daddy!" she pouted, her lip quivering. "I know you do baby, and he's going to be home soon. I promise," I told her. "Pinky?" She asked, sticking her tiny pinky finger at me. "Pinky," I repeated as I went to hook mine onto hers. She giggled as I then go to kiss both of her cheeks. "I love you, Momma," she said. "Me too sweet girl," I said as I go to stroke her face gently. She had so much of her father in her. I am glad I have Renesmee with me. I don't know what I would have done if it was just me in this big old house without Edward. I'd be pretty lonely, that's for sure. "Momma can we watch Snoopy and the walnuts for Christmas this year?" Renesmee asked as I entered the driver's seat of the car. I chuckled as I went to back out my mini van. "You mean the Peanuts ?" I corrected her. "Yeah, them! I wanna watch Snoopy!" Renesmee exclaimed hugging tight to the little snoopy stuff animal Edward had given her for her first Christmas. Renesmee has this love for Snoopy because she use to watch the specials all the time with Edward. It was their thing besides playing the piano. Before Edward left he had promised Renesmee he'd teach her how to play the theme song on the piano. "S'not gonna be the same without Daddy though," She mumbled as we passed by the white covered trees of Forks. I sighed as I turned into her elementary school. "I know baby, but Christmas will be special this year. It will be baby, don't worry. You'll see, and Daddy will be home soon," I told her. "Okay, Momma." She smiled as I went to go help her out of the car and hug tight to her. "I love you, you know that? Right?" I asked her. She giggled as I kissed the top of her head. "I know, Momma. I love you too." "I love you so so so much. Now have a fun day. Remember, only three more days till Christmas!" I called to her as she ran over to the school door and I watched her from afar. I smiled seeing she's safely in before heading into the car again. I'm glad the school cleared the place of ice. Renesmee didn't see it once and accidentally slipped. Thank god she was okay, but she did have a few bumps and bruises. I think sadly, it's safe to say, she inherited my clumsiness. From there I drove an hour to Port Angels. When I reached my office building I head straight inside and right into my cozy little office. Last year I got a promotion so instead of working in a crummy little cubicle I had my very own office. As I sit down, ready to start working, I spot my photo of Edward, Renesmee, and I at the last Christmas we spent with each other. I sighed automatically. This was hard. I just wish time would go quicker for once. I just wanted him home with me already. A/N: Okay so this is the first chapter of this story. This is probably going to be a 4-5 chapter story, not very long. It's a little something for the holidays. Also, in the future, I do not have the greatest knowledge about the military. If I screw something up like rankings or how leaves work, please tell me so I can change it. I don't like screwing stuff up like that. Anyway, this story did come to me after watching some videos of surprise homecomings. I think they're so heart warming so I wanted to write a nice little Christmas story about a Twilight one. I hope you all will enjoy this and let the Christmas festivities begin :D In the meantime, please review and be on the lookout for the next chapter :)