of them sending daggers through their eyes. "What did she do to you?" I asked, trying to get the answer from Abby. "Nothing. It's nothing," Abby muttered, packing up her stuff. I observed the black haired girl with the poisonous smile. "Abby, I will focus on her mind and see what she's thinking. Tell me now or I'll pry," I threatened, eyeing her. Abby huffed as she looked down towards the girl, "She just called me names. No big deal. Worse has happened to me." "Alright," I muttered, following my cousin out of the library. I didn't want to pressure it any further, but I took a mental note. As we walked down the hall I noticed Gavin Mitchell's smile at me. He was in my math class and we always talk. He needs help so I normally do whatever I can to help him in school. We weren't technically friends since we didn't talk more than school, but he was a nice acquaintance to have. "Hey Lizzy!" Gavin called out, waving at me. "And Abby! How are you guys?" "Good," I told him, grinning. "We gotta go, but I'll see you in math?" "Yep!" He stammered, scratching the back of his head as we walked down the hall. "He's cute," Abby mused as we walked away. "And I think he likes you." "No...I'm not interested," I told her, fiddling with my hands. "Like you weren't interested in David? Jamie? Hector? Liz, almost every guy in the middle school has the hots for you," Abby exclaimed, grinning at me mischievously. "No, they don't," I told her defensively. "I mean, it has to be the vampire thing anyway. You're ten times hotter than me, Abby. You-" "Don't compare the two of us. Yes, we're both hot, but we're both very different. Guys like me for other reasons, but so many people guys and girls alike like you because you're nice. You're smart, kind, and one of the greatest people to know in this school. You should give one of them a chance," Abby told me as we walked into the library. "I just...We're in middle school. It wouldn't even be anything serious. Everything seems ten times stupider in middle school...Anyway, we might move next year so it's pointless," I said, pulling at strings. "Alright...Whatever you say," Abby muttered, shrugging as we took a seat at the nearby table. The rest of the day was pretty mundane. Got a ton of math homework tonight, but that shouldn't be an issue. Never is. After Uncle Jasper and Aunt Alice picked us up and brought us home, I immediately spotted Seth. I grinned the moment I saw one of my best friends. He was flipping through a comic book, but the moment I was in the area his eyes found mine and they automatically lit up. "Hey, Liz!" Seth exclaimed, placing the comic book down as he came jogging over towards me. I smiled as I greeted my imprint with a high five. "Hey, Seth! Whatcha up to?" I asked him as the two of us greeted one another. "I just got back from helping Jacob with his stupid bike, how was your day?" Seth asked me. I shrugged, "The usual. Nothing special. So...Whatcha wanna do today?" "I don't know. I was going to see if Aidan and Jen wanted to maybe go hang out somewhere?" He said, his statement coming out more of a question. "Yeah, let's go see what they're up to," I agreed. I then followed Seth towards Aunt Rose and Uncle Emmett's house. The moment we got in there we found Jen and Aidan seated at the kitchen table throwing chex mix at each other. "Hey nerds! Wanna go do something?" Seth asked them as we all took seats around the kitchen table. "I don't know. We were waiting for Ness to call us back. We might go out and hang at Dylan's house," Aidan announced, fiddling with a piece of chex mix. "You guys could come if you want?" I bit my lip. I wasn't sure if I really wanted to go. I've been to Dylan's house hundreds of times, but the problem is my family want to include me, but I don't think they notice I don't fit in. I just sit around and do nothing because I'm physically thirteen. I mean seriously, who wants to hang out with a middle schooler when you're in high school? No one. It's weird. "Hey Liz, do you wanna go tonight?" Seth asked me. It sounded like he was asking my permission almost. "Nah...I'm good," I answered truthfully. "I was going to hang out with Abby or something." "Alright then, it's fine," Seth said, turning them down. "You can go, Seth," I spoke up. "You don't have to hang out with Abby and I. It wouldn't be that much fun." "It's okay. I rather hang out with you," Seth told me. I sighed as I saw his genuine smile shine through. "Seth, really. Go have fun with them," I insisted. Jen and Aidan watched us as I bantered Seth some more. "Lizzy, I'm staying here with you because I want to," Seth told me fiercely. "Alright. Well, fine then. Be prepared for a pretty boring night," I muttered under my breath, sticking my hands into my pockets as I walked away from my friends. All this did was just make the heaviness in my stomach get even heavier. I loved Seth to death, but it was worrying me. He has been giving a lot of things up for me recently like hanging out with Aidan or Jake. He acts like I have to give him permission. I've noticed it more often now and the more it's been happening, the more uncomfortable I've gotten. I sighed as I leaned against the front door, observing the traffic bustling through. Only two more months until this school year will be over because to be honest, I don't know how much more I can stomach.