he lifted his hand to rub at his chest. I knew that feeling, because I could feel it pull so hard in his direction. ' You feel it too, don't you?' He nodded but I think it was involuntary. 'The pull; it's so strong right now because it wants us to connect in some way. Something small to start: holding hands or a hug, even a small kiss. Now that we're so close it needs that small physical connection to settle down and initiate the bonding. It won't be quite so bad after that.' I'm so glad that I had read up on the mating bond of angels. Even if it didn't describe what was happening now, it was similar to that of an Angel Bond. "I've not felt anything like this before," he whispered. "Not even before I graduated from UDub. Why is it so bad now? Don't think I didn't notice you not answering about how you know about me. Are you sure you're my mate? You're human." I expected this line of thinking. Vampires are stubborn creatures by nature, according to the schooling we had. I knew he wouldn't accept it right off the bat. He was looking at me, but I wasn't sure he was seeing the differences between me and the children. ' Are you sure I'm human, Edward? I mean really take a good look at me, see anything different?' He then started to look at me with intent. I froze the students around me, knowing that my eyes would flash a brilliant violet. He started to look around at the students, like he couldn't quite believe what was happening. I brought his thoughts back to my direction by standing up and changing my hair to several different colors, including a brilliant green that I loved. Afterwards I sat back down and let the children out of their frozen state. He watched me, wide eyed, for a minute, before he asked the question I was waiting on. "What are you?" ' Me?' I questioned. 'I'm your mate, Edward, you know that, you can feel it. I'm something you've actually come across. Not that you would have noticed, we're very good at hiding what we are. We have to be. There are plenty of us around; you'll probably notice us more now that you'll be interacting with me. Because what I am is completely yours, and that includes all our little nuances.' "You like talking in riddles, don't you?" he asked, getting a little frustrated. I hadn't meant to. "I feel this pull between us, I know that mates feel it. Why I didn't recognize it before, I don't know. Why didn't I feel it at Udub? Please, Bella, what are you?" ' I don't mean to talk in riddles, my love,' I apologised in my thoughts. 'The reason you didn't recognize the pull is because it's different between us because of what I am. You didn't feel it at UDub because it obviously wasn't the right time for us. It's why I was held up and missed your graduation. What vampires feel for their mates is strong, yes, and they know where their mates are. Us, though, ours will tell us when there is a threat to our bond. Something happened to you earlier and it gave a huge tug, didn't it?' He nodded but didn't say anything. He knew I had more to say. ' My love, what I am… is something that you may not understand at first. I promise to tell you everything later, so please don't push in here. You don't want to alert your students to something being wrong.' I stood up after freezing the students again, stood in the middle of the classroom, and spread my arms wide. I let out the blinding white light, watching as he had to cover his eyes. When he was able to look back at me, I was standing there with my six foot wide wings, all glowing white. I looked at him with trepidation on my face, but told him with a little hesitation, "My dear Edward, I am an angel." He thumped back into his chair. "Wow." "Mmhmm," I agreed, folding up my wings and taking my seat. I watched him, unsure if I did the right thing, and to see if he was ready for the students to come around again. He nodded at me after he picked up some of the paperwork on his desk to look over. I gave him time to take in everything that I had told him. We stayed quiet until the end of the day. It was hard to stay in my seat and not try to touch him; the pull was getting stronger the more we were around each other. I had to touch him, and I hoped he was going to get these kids out of class soon. "That's it for today, class. Don't forget to study for the possible pop quiz on Friday. Prepare and study. There are signup sheets for tutors outside the door and for study groups in the library. I don't offer tutoring personally, so don't ask." I watched the children as he made his last statement for the day. The girls caused me to roll my eyes at all the disappointed faces. Did they think a teacher would go after a student? I mean, wasn't that illegal? Besides, I would defend our bond against all odds. "Go… shoo. We're done for the day." As soon as the last person was out the door, I was up and out of my seat, wrapping my arms around him because I couldn't wait another minute. His arms wrapped around me and held me as tight as he dared. I'd have to tell him later that he could use all his strength; he couldn't hurt me. There was no greater feeling in all the universes than this one right here. At least not one that I'd experienced yet… ~*~Eden Sent~*~