the deserted road. "We don't get choices of room colors?" Lauren asked with a raised eyebrow. Papa D chuckled, "It's purely up to the both of you what you want to do with your bedrooms. You're both technically adults, so it's your prerogative if you wish to change your rooms." We turned down a dirt road that was camouflaged by the surrounding evergreens and ferns. The lush green trees were never ending. It would make take the stress out of hiding what we were to the unknowing mortals. It took four minutes to find the clearing where our new home sat, and it was a beautiful one. It was a three story blue grey Victorian manor surrounded by forest. The front entrance had an archway that covered the front porch. A corner of the house had a sort of coned tower and windows facing the front yard. It was perfect. Papa G parked the car in front of the garage and turned off the ignition. He glanced at us through the rearview mirror and smiled, "Well girls, home sweet home." Lauren was absolutely beaming at the sight of our new home, "Holy shit, was it always this beautiful?" Papa G chuckled, "No, I emailed that contractor the new design, and she said it'd be no problem to remodel. I guess I had the two of you in mind when I designed it. Your Gothic style is starting to rub off on me. I think it turned out brilliantly, though." Lauren grinned, "Well, it's bitchin', Dad!" "Let's go check this place out, huh?" Papa D questioned as he exited the car. Papa G retrieved the keys as we approached the front door. After he inserted the keys in the keyhole, he turned to us and smiled, "Ready?" We all grinned in anticipation as he unlocked and opened the door, reveling an open floor concept first floor with a winding staircase at the far right side of the house. Polished mahogany floors lay throughout the first floor. The family room was off to the immediate left and was the gateway to an extremely modern kitchen. As we walked further into the house, I noticed our boxes and furniture already waiting for us. I walked toward the far back wall, which lead to a massive deck. It was completely beautiful. "Well, there are two bedrooms on the second floor, and two on the third. I figured I'd give the two of you the second floor. Does that sound okay?" Papa G asked in his British accent. I nodded my head, "It sounds perfect." With that, Lauren grabbed my hand and we left for the stairs. The second floor had two bedrooms at the end of the hall, adjunct each other. The bathroom was on the right side of the hall, just as you left the staircase. "So what do you fancy, B? Left or right?" Lauren pulled me toward the bedrooms. I thought for a moment, "I'll take left." She nodded and followed me into what was now my room. It currently had white walls, which I knew were the first to go. Other than that, I was completely satisfied. I'd gather it had a fifteen by fifteen foot layout, which was fine with me. A large on the back wall window faced the backyard. Nothing too spectacular about it, which kept it simple. Lauren left my side for a moment to check out her room. I smiled as I walked toward my full sized bed and plopped down on it. I sighed as Lauren reentered my room with a small on her face, "I have a bay window!" I smiled as she collapsed on the bed next to me, "I like it here already. I think we'll actually be fine here, Laurie!" Papa G appeared in the doorway and leaned on the door frame, "So, what do you girls think?" "We love it!" We both said simultaneously. He chuckled, "Well, D and I already set up some of the downstairs. I figure I'll let you two unpack for the rest of the day. We''l light the fireplace later tonight, if you're interested in joining us. Other than that, don't forget to get some sleep tonight. School starts tomorrow." "Are we riding with you?" I asked. Papa G nodded, "Just for tomorrow. We'll get a car after school is out." And with that, he left us to our own devices. I smiled as I sat up to look out of the window. The rain began to play a quiet song as it tapped on the glass, ever soothing in its melody. After the last five years, we needed some sense of normality. We'd been through hell. I stood up to begin to unpack as Lauren lay on my bed in thought. A/N: So, I hope you all enjoyed my little introduction. I've got most of this story planned out, though I've yet to actually write an outline for memory's sake. This will be heavily character driven, so the next few chapters will be about Bella and Lauren, as well as their fathers. And yes, Demetri is the same Demetri from the Volturi. I'll explain that in the next chapter. Like I said, there are plenty of gay and lesbian characters in this story. So, again, if you cannot see past that, simply don't read it. Oh, I don't have a beta, so if you do see errors, let me know. It won't offend me. And, I will update this as frequently as I can. I'm currently in college, so time can restrict updates. I'll make every stride I can to write this story, so don't worry. I will be updating my other story, Forgotten Brothers, in a few days. I apologize for the wait to the readers of that story. School has been an issue, as well as writer's block. Anyway, feel free to leave me a review if you wish. I'm not a review hound so it's your call. Until next time…