knowing exactly what the returns would be a few years later. I would invest in the past, and reap the benefits in the present. After doing that several times, I amassed enough of a fortune that I could spend my time doing mostly leisure activities. Since I never really aged I would spend my time bouncing from decade to decade living my life as a normal 17 year old, minus having parents around. I eventually established three semi-permanent residences to avoid being a constant wanderer. I appreciated the normalcy that came with being able to call someplace "home." One in the northeast, one in the south, and one in the northwest. And it was the last, in the northwest, that I decided to live out the present for the next couple of years. It had been long enough since my last stay that no one in town would recognize me, and I missed the beautiful mountains, lakes, and forests that surrounded the area. I gathered up my purse, the letter, and the notebook and placed them all back under my bed. I walked over to my closet and picked an outfit to wear for my first day at Forks High. The school year was almost halfway over which was going to make my first day that much more difficult. For some reason, when I jumped to this year, I overshot the start of the school year by a couple of months. This didn't typically happen since I've had 96 years to practice, but I guess I could have some "off days." Instead of trying to hop back a couple of months I decided to settle back in to my old place and make another new start. I dug through my closet looking for something suitable. It was stocked full of clothes from almost every decade so I wasn't short on anything to war, it was just a matter of putting something together that would be appropriate and not too outdated. I settled on some black leggings, thanks to the 80's, a long white button down shirt and a grey cardigan, staples in any generation, and black, flat boots, which I picked up on a recent shopping trip. I added a statement necklace that I acquired in the roaring twenties. I inspected myself in the mirror making sure I would appear to fit in with the current generation. I checked the time and decided that I wouldn't have enough time to make any changes so I picked up my backpack, made my way down the staircase and out the front door, grabbing my keys on the way out and locking the front door. I got into my car, a black 1955 Mercedes with classic red interior, and started it, waiting for the antique engine to warm up. I loved this car. It easily turned heads because it really was a beautiful car, but it was easier for people to believe that it was passed down to me from my parents rather than trying to explain why a 17 year old was able to afford the other car I owned. A 2001 Aston Martin that was a little something I got myself for my 100th birthday. Once the engine on the Mercedes was sufficiently warm, I made my way towards the high school. The weather was a chilly mix of rain and snow and I decided I might need to invest in a vehicle a little more suitable for the weather. I scrolled through the dial on the radio until I found a song I could sing along to. I was belting out my favorite part when I finally pulled into the school parking lot. I pulled into an empty space but left the car running to finish the concert I had going on in my car, shaking my shoulders to the beat and belting out the last verses of the song. When the song finished shut off the engine, gathered up my things and gave a quick look around the parking lot. There were a couple of people looking in my direction and I hoped they were checking out the car and not the performance I had just given. Though, I was certain the window tint would have prevented anyone from seeing me. I took a moment to look at the school. I had attended school here once before, but it was years ago. The buildings looked almost exactly the same. The trees and bushes that had been planted on the grounds had matured a lot since I last saw them, but the red bricks on the buildings had started to fade and the wear from the years was evident. I took a deep breath to settle the nerves that started to surface and got out of my car. I found the front office easily enough. Inside, a plump elderly lady waved me up to the counter. "You must be Isabella Swan," she said. "We heard we would be receiving a new student. Too bad you have to switch schools in the middle of the school year. You poor thing. I hope you like it here. Here is your schedule, just have your teachers sign this form and return it to me after school. Have a nice day, dear." Thankful that she didn't let me get a word in I turned and quickly walked out of the office. The less explaining I had to do the better. I learned to easily lie over the years, but I hated having to do it. I checked my schedule once I made it out to the side walk and noticed I had English first, my favorite subject. I read most of the classics they tend to make 11th graders read numerous times, so hopefully I could recycle some of my old book reports. Once I reached the door to the classroom I folded up the schedule and put it in my backpack. I clutched my cardigan tighter around myself and walked through the door.