won't get them a toy. I felt like a bitchy, mean girl on her sweet sixteen getting mad at her parents for not buying her the shiny car she wanted. I felt immature and stupid. I was embarrassed beyond belief. Seventeen years old and bringing a new life into the world. What had happened to me? It spoke volumes that I felt like a kid in that moment. A sad, lonely kid who had lost her mother—yet was becoming one. Because I was still just a kid. Seventeen bordering on eighteen is older, yes, and I may have seen myself as the adult for most of my life, but that wasn't an excuse for getting pregnant and being a mom so young. It really changed everything. But another thing that said a lot about me as a person was the fact that I never considered giving my daughter away. My baby would stay with me and Charlie and I'd raise her. There was no doubt in my mind that she was going to be my daughter forever. "You're doing so good, Bella," Tabitha and Rachel kept telling me, but it was like the pushing would never end. They let me catch my breath when I needed to and offered encouraging words whenever I started crying. The nurse named Leslie kept track of the baby's heartbeat and the other—an older, stone-faced woman—Marge, had a warm towel ready to give me when Rachel handed me my daughter. Justifiably traumatized, Charlie said nothing—but he was being strong for me. I'll keep the rest of the gory details to myself. I wouldn't know how to describe them anyway. A couple more pushes and a bit of excited cheering was all it took to get her out; everyone in the room lit up when she gave her first cry. It was loud —more of a screech than anything. Immediately Rachel laid her on the towel across my chest, her pink face scrunched. I stared at her, speechless, as Marge gently rubbed her down, unable to believe my eyes. I was so wrapped up in looking at my crying baby that I grew blissfully unaware of my surroundings. It was just me and her, finally. Us against the world. I didn't want to let her go—no, I couldn't . But they clamped and cut the cord and had to whisk her away to the measuring table. I never took my adoring, watery eyes off of her. Tabitha informed me she weighed six pounds, eleven ounces and was seventeen inches long. They let me pull the top of the hospital gown down to let her rest on my flushed skin; it was, without a doubt, the most amazing thing to hold her for the first time, her cheek on my breast. Her cries softened to little whimpers and eventually faded to silence as she fell asleep. I gave Charlie the honor of slipping a cap onto her itty bitty head. He had wet trails on his face, as well as the happiest smile I had ever seen. My heart overflowed with love for him. "Proud of you, Bells," he whispered quietly, kissing my forehead, making me cry again. I didn't deserve a father like him. "Thank you for being here," I murmured sincerely. My chin quivered. "Really, thank you. I love you so much." It had been a while since I meant those words with every piece of my heart. He couldn't speak. He simply nodded, gave me a look that said I know. I know you do. I love you too. My daughter and I would be okay as long as we had him. He was going to be the best granddaddy in the world to my little girl, just like he was the best father to me. "You were great, Bella," Rachel said, seeming proud of me, too. I smiled at her and mouthed my thanks. She patted my leg with a wink. Maybe certain doctors' and nurses' love for people and desire to help them overrides their first thoughts about them and their situations. Or maybe I simply got lucky enough to have this particular bunch of women on my side. "Have you thought of any names?" Tabitha asked curiously, taking the monitors off my less-round stomach. I looked at my daughter's tiny face, still squished and rosy. I sighed, pursing my lips, remembering the conversation I had with my father earlier about that exact subject. He liked the name Kathryn—Katie for short. He also liked Willow and Mackenzie. Those were cute. I came up with Piper (mostly so I could just call her Pip because it's adorable as hell), Beatrice (kind of old-fashioned but Bea was endearing), and Tate. Tate held no significance to me; I liked it since it was short and sweet. I stared at my baby girl for a while, placing those names to her existence. It almost seemed like any name wasn't lovely enough to give her, like she was too precious and beautiful to label forever by a phonetically pleasing jumble of letters. "I changed my mind," Charlie declared suddenly. "I think I like Tate the most now. It's different." I laughed. Great minds think alike. "Tate," I repeated warmly, and my mouth turned up at the corners. "Tate" was the smile on my lips and my daughter was the ray of sunshine I'd been waiting for. I glanced toward the window, and wasn't surprised to see the sun had finally come out. That wasn't too bad, was it? Thank you so much for taking the time to read! Leave a happy friendly review telling me what you think and if I should continue posting. If this gets a good enough reception, expect the first chapter on January 2nd! As always, constructive criticism is welcome, but please be respectful. That's all for now! Thank you again, and happy holidays! (Also, I gave a good friend of mine a subtle shout-out somewhere in here. You know who you are.)