says. "Even if they let you test in the middle of a semester, which is very unlikely, you would need to transfer into another class, and not many teachers have classes you still need for graduation in the period, and I'm not sure how many would be willing to let you transfer anyway. In the end, it comes to the same thing. Why not just finish the class? I'm sure that Mrs. Banner can help make the material challenging enough for you." I am going to kill him. The burn and desire rips through me the way I will rip through him. I turn slowly, piercingly doing all that I possibly to can to not let my mind slip, not let myself think about the fact that there is only two of them here, much more reasonable than the class room. Benjamin is standing behind me, with a slip in hand, waiting. I resist calculating flights, trajectories, avenues of attack, statistics on chance... How dare he! I am trying to be a righteous person, trying to save his life, and he keeps accosting me with these desires, with this... most delectable scent. Kill him! Do it! Take him! Hurt him! Kill him! "Never mind," I say. "If it isn't possible, I understand. Thank you so very much for your help." As soon as I move, I immediately start towards him, and the best I can do is angle around him, trying to brush the scent away from my face, concentrating all my will on walking out of that warm, scent enriched little room. As soon as I am in the hall, I all but run for the parking lot. Alice has the others in the car, concerned but ready. I slip into the driver's seat and rev the engine. The students give us space, and I pull out, moving quickly, almost risking injuring them and displace more of them with my haste. Once we are out of the parking lot, I feel safer, but after a picosecond, I can feel my family's eyes on me, sense their thoughts hammering at me, all except Alice. "What's happening?" Jasper finally asks her. "I don't know," Alice says. "It's too close a thing. She keeps changing her mind, so quickly I can't follow one single thread yet." I look into her mind, see myself pacing at home, then decide to see if I can find him. A plan forms in both of myselves' minds, present and future, and in a flash of forward time, I am in his kitchen, his broken body all but underfoot, my glowing eyes as full and red as my garish smile. "No!" I scream, so loud that they actually turn away from my voice in the confined space. "She's going to-" Alice begins. "No," I deny. "It's not going to happen! I won't let it!" Her vision moves along. I decide to go hunting tonight, to dampen my thirst, on the way back, I seek him out again. I am waiting for him when he walks into his room after dinner. When he sees me, he does not run, he does not cry out for help, he does not look afraid, he does not fight, he just looks at me, confused. He does not resist, even as I take his life... "She's going to kill Benjamin Hawkins," she says, sounding almost sad for some reason. "He smells almost irresistible to her." Something twists in me, hard. There is a sharp sound of impact as the steer wheel cracks. The moment I kill him in her thoughts moves further and further into the future, then sooner, then further and further, then sooner again, then tonight. I cannot let it happen. Alice gives a little gasp of surprise. "Can't you at least say goodbye to Emanuel?" she asks. "He's going to be hurt, even if he will never say anything." "She's leaving?" asked Rory condescendingly. We pull up to the drive and I stop. Alice gets out immediate and Jasper follows her. Emily smiles a little wistfully, but punches my shoulder and slides out. Rory shakes his head. Idiot, he thinks. From him, that is the closest I will get to a goodbye. They run to the house and for a moment, I cannot even think straight for wanting to go find him, this moment. Instead, I drive to the hospital. Katherine is in her office, filling out paperwork at human speeds. The idea sickens me for some reason. As soon as I walk in the door, she smiles at me, sees my expression, and then is instantaneously concerned. What is it, my daughter? she thinks. I bow my head as she takes my shoulders, watching me with patience and sympathy, allowing me the time I need. I still as the extreme stress and pain washes over me in the presence of my adopted mother. I let go, but don't break down. "Have you ever smelt someone," I say quickly, "who was... extremely appealing?" "I have not," she said, "but I know others who have and I have heard of such things before. Who?" "Benjamin Hawkins," I say, feeling a tremor vibrate through me. "The police chief's son, returned to Forks." She nods, and says the most heartbreaking thing she can, "What are you going to do?" How could she ask me that? Her! As though kill him was so easy, so simple! As though she could so easily accept me after I proved myself to be the monster I am... "I am going to Denali," I say flatly. She smiles, "Teodor will be pleased." I frown, "I am not going because of him. She laughed ruefully, "I know. But you might want to make that clear to him, even if you say nothing else." I nod. "Take all the time you need, child," she says, kissing my forehead. "Do what you think is best." Slipping away, I desperately wish I knew how. I walk out the door and leave.