telling them was the lie they needed to hear. Going to college, being with Edwina, growing up, living my life; these were the only things about my future life I could share with them. But it wasn't the life I wanted. Coming back from Italy had changed me in more ways than one. I had the right to make my own decisions. And once the craze of the whole experience had worn off, once the words that Auri and the others had said had settled in, I had the opportunity to step back and decide for myself what I wanted. Edwina was a given. But also, I realized that my life was in jeopardy. I had come in contact with mythical creatures time and again, and if I didn't do something about this, I was going to die and soon. So I had two options. Change my life and move away from all things vampire, Edwina included, eventually finding myself running from the Volturi, or I could become a vampire. It didn't just make logical sense; When I thought about it, I realized that it was truly what I wanted. I don't remember the exact moment I made the decision. Just as I wanted Edwina, that this was the path my life was taking me. I wanted to be what my Edwina was, so that our relationship could earnestly be between equals. But it was more than that. I wanted to be strong and smart and perfect, and if I was being perfectly honest, I wanted to feel beautiful. All the selfishly undeniable ways Edwina made me feel, I wanted to inspire in her. She said that I did already, but I wanted to feel it too. And it was more than that still; I wanted independence in this mythical world. I wanted to be capable of defending myself and those that I loved and love, of keeping those that would take what I hold dear from me at bay. I wanted to be a creature of reckoning and use all that I could do to learn and appreciate the universe and grow and improve the world as I could. I wasn't sure how yet, but I wanted to figure that out. So, college was plan B. I was telling my parents what I could, going about my life as was expected, but deep down, I knew that I was going to be a vampire as soon as I could. There were just two hangups. One, the wedding. Assuming there was going to be a wedding, my parents would very much like to come. I knew that. There was every chance in the world that it would be this summer. I didn't have a whole lot else planned, other than preparations for school. I would let Alice iron out the details, but there was little doubt in my mind that she would have everything hammered out by then. And two, Edwina. I had no doubt in my mind that she wanted me to remain human as long as possible. Occasionally, I would notice her staring at me with this sort of almost wistful expression, as though she would only be able to enjoy my humanity a short while longer. We haven't really talked about it since she has returned, and I am not sure how to go about doing it. I guess, secretly, I am so scared that if I bring it up, she will do everything she can to talk me down or avoid the subject. I want her to want me and to want this for me, and I don't want to have to take up Alice on her offer. I want Edwina to have me and keep me in this way too. Our food came, and we chatted about this and that. Felicia was doing well, her career not taking off so much as going really well. Dad was teaching again, but it was at a local community college and they didn't really like being referred to as children or kids. Yeah, try explaining that to my father. Mom mentioned that she had been doing her usual fishing and had been spending some time down at La Push, with Stu Clearwater, helping him out since his wife died. As she was talking, my dad got this sort of half-smiling speculative look on his face, and I wondered what he was seeing that I wasn't. After we had wrapped up our meal, we were walking out to the car when Dad checked his watch. "You can just drop me at your mom's," he said. "The shuttle will be coming to get me in less than an hour." "You're not saying for the party?" I asked, trying not to sound too disappointed. "Not this time, bud," he said. "Hey, why don't you come visit over the summer. Felicia and I would love to have you. There's a room at our new place with your name on it!" Knowing Dad, he was being literal. "I will if I can," I said. The very idea of being away from Edwina was making me feel uncomfortable. "Okay," said Mom, "so Ray can drive us back and then you can just take the car over to Edwina's." "Sounds good," said Dad. And I realized the spell was over. My family, that hadn't been a family for so long that I forgotten what it was like to have this, being with them together like this, was breaking up again. I would have it again, once more, for the wedding, but that would be it. This too, like school, would be over. It wouldn't be the same at the wedding because it would feel so very much like saying goodbye. That was okay, though. I was going to have a new family soon. I was happy with that. So why did it feel like I was missing something? I dropped my parents off, said my farewells to my dad, and then drove to the party.