the table. Renee would spend money as fast as she got it on whatever caught her attention, like a bird flitting from topic to topic. I tried to dissuade her from the more dangerous ideas she landed on, but it was a full time job. She never once thanked me for anything, instead becoming more dependant on me to keep the house clean and everything in working order. Instead, she would complain and belittle me. I was never good enough or pretty enough. Nothing was quite done to her liking, no matter how hard I tried. Looking back now, I realized that I didn't lack friends because there was something wrong with me, but because I couldn't relate to normal teens. I really was middle aged, thanks to having been a grown up all my life. I could never understand why Mike, Eric, Tyler, Jacob, and Edward had liked me as a potential girlfriend when I first moved to Forks because I had been told so often that I was worthless. I wore it like a cloak around myself. Edward used to tell me that there were many more, that for him it was torture to hear their thoughts about me. I truly didn't ever see myself clearly. I decided that even if Edward came back, I wouldn't take him back however. I couldn't do this again. I already lost myself once to him. It was unhealthy from the start. I noticed it seemed to be a theme for the Cullens. None of their relationships were equal. Maybe it was a vampire thing, I pondered. I somehow doubted that, it just seemed wrong . Rosalie always treated Emmett worse than a dog. She slapped him around all the time and no one batted an eyelash. I recalled the hurt that would flash through his expression when she would hit him, not from physical pain so much as from emotional pain. He loves her so much, worships the ground she walks on, but she barely gives him the time of day. She constantly puts him down and makes fun of his intelligence and he puts up with it. I imagined if the roles were reversed in my head. If Emmett was the one hitting and talking down to Rosalie. It was difficult, Em was such a gentle giant. When I managed it, it was disgusting. I was sure that no one would allow the situation to continue if Rose was the victim. I resolved that if I ever saw my brother bear again, I would help him stand up to his wife. He shouldn't have to feel like that. I wondered if he missed me as much as I missed him. It hurt that he left, he really seemed to care about me, really treated me like his "little sis" more so than Alice who had treated me like her personal Barbie. Esme acted like a mannequin, catering to everyone's needs but her own. She was trying so hard to be perfect all the time, but no one seemed to appreciate her. All of the Cullen kids were actually 18 or over, excluding Edward, yet it was only Esme doing all the chores in the house. She told me her story before, how she had an abusive husband and had run away with her infant son, only to have her son die soon after. She tried to kill herself, but was turned instead. The Cullen family was a poor replacement for her lost boy. Carlisle expected her to sit at home all day, completing is vision of the perfect family so that he could play doctor, so that is what she did. The woman was trapped, and underneath that perfect exterior I could imagine her screaming inside. The worst was Alice and Jasper. Alice manipulated everyone using her visions, but poor Jasper wasn't allowed to do anything without her approval, not even dress himself. No one in the family would even let him talk to me, and I really wished I had been able to get to know him. I didn't know much about his past besides that he wasn't always a vegetarian. I didn't blame him at all for his accident at my birthday. When you hang around vampires, then go and bleed all over the place, mistakes happen. I wondered if bloodlust was an emotion that he could feel with his gift. Of all of the Cullens, I found myself missing Jasper the most, despite the lack of time I got to spend with him. I was too angry at Edward, for the moment at least, to miss him. Jasper was always in the background, a quiet presence. Overlooked, and under appreciated. Even by me. I felt a bit guilty about it, wishing I could fix that mistake. I wanted to know why he always looked like he was in pain. I needed him to know that I didn't hold him responsible for the accident. My last memory of him was of him diving toward me, restrained by his siblings. His eyes, unlike Edward's, hadn't been completely black. While he pulled against Emmett and Rose, it had been a half-hearted attempt, his eyes were hungry, but full of fear and anguish. I closed my eyes tighter and remembered his voice from when I was on the run from James. "I can feel what you're feeling now - and you are worth it." If only I had heard that sooner, believed that sooner, maybe I wouldn't have lost so much of myself trying to be enough for Edward. Jacob wrapped his big arm around me tighter, squeezing me against him. "Stop thinking so hard, I can't sleep." he whispered. "I can't help it." I whispered back. "If it makes you feel any better, I'm getting some quality thinking done." "Good, but I'm tired. Sleep now, think later." he said sighing into my hair. I was quiet for a while, trying not to think. Eventually I slipped into a dreamless sleep.