"No daddy just lay back" she said. I lay back on my elbows and watched her leave a trail of kisses toward my pulsating cock. Her heavy breasts dragged down my abdomen, and my cock strained to find the cleavage between them. I saw a slight trembling of her hands, as she caressed my chest and arms. "Okay Sweetie?" I asked and she stopped to looked up at me. "I've dreamt of doing this for so long" she said, "I can't believe it's actually happening". "I want this to be good for you" she continued "I don't want to disappoint you". "That will never happen, Sweetie, because I want you just as much as you want me". She hugged me tight around the waist and my hard cock slid between her soft tits. "Oooooow, what have we here", Bella said, looking down between her tits and saw my fat cockhead coming out between them. She then squeezed her tits around my cock. "Does this feel good daddy" she said moving her tits up and down the thick cock shaft. "Oh God yes!" I said, and she smiled with pride, "Get it wet for me baby, so it will slide between your breasts easier". My hot little baby girl took my cock in her hands. My cock is big and thick, and in her small hands it looked enormous. She licked the head and shaft over and over, and then caressed my cock against her cheeks. She kissed and sucked in the head of my cock, and then rubbed it over her face. She seemed lost in her own world. Her eyes stayed closed and kissed and sucked the shaft like she was making-out with it. I watched her in fascination, and then said to her "my God you're good". She took her mouth from my cock and stroked it up and down with both hands. "I can do something I think you'll really like daddy" she said. "Really" I said, "and what is that?" Bella took my cock in her mouth and quickly swallowed almost 5 inches. "Ooooooooow baby girl that does feel amazing!" I cried out. She kept it there for another moment, adjusted the angle of her head and neck, and then swallowed another 3 inches down her throat. "Wholly shit!" I wasn't ready for that. She had almost my entire cock down her throat! She slid her lips back to the tip of the cockhead, and then drove it deep into her throat again. She seemed determined to swallow me to the root. She could only get so much of the cock, but then her mouth and lips struggled for the rest. Bella didn't seem to have a gag reflex. She kept plunging my cock into her throat over and over; I was going to cum soon. "Wait, Sweetie, wait" I told her. My cock glistened with her saliva, as she kissed the head again and looked up at me. "Come up on the bed with me, my baby girl". Bella stood up and I asked to get on all-fours on the bed. "Lay your head on the bed Sweetie, and put that cute little butt in the air for daddy", I told her, "Daddy wants to fuck his beautiful little girl". "Mmmmmm, oh God yes, fuck me daddy". I moved in behind that delicate-looking little pussy, took my cock in my hand, and rubbed the fat cockhead up and down her pussy lips. She moaned, and said "oh daddy". "Is this what you want? Do you really want your own daddy to fuck you?" I teased her by rubbing the cock head around the opening of her small pussy. "Yes!" she cried out, "daddy, please fuck your little girl, please?" Bella's juices were flowing all over my cock and my hand. I pressed gently on her back turning her pussy up a little more. Her head was turned to the side and her eyes were closed. She licked her lips and said again, "please fuck me daddy". Her pussy was sopping wet, but it seemed too small for my cock. I pushed at the little opening with a steady pressure, but I couldn't get inside of her. She tried pushing herself onto my cock and I could feel myself entering her. "Arrrrgh" she grunted as I felt her pussy lips wrap tight around my cock. I moved in and out with slow short strokes at first, then lengthened my strokes and fucked her tight pussy with deeper, more powerful strokes. "Oh yes daddy, fuck my little pussy with your big cock" she was nearly screaming now. I didn't know she was capable of talking so dirty, but it was driving me crazy. I reached around and underneath her with one hand, and began rubbing her clit. "Oh my God, daddy, fuck me hard" she was lost in her own world again. She began pushing herself, in rhythm, down onto my cock. I held her waist and began to drive my cock into her with long, hard strokes. "Arrrrrgh, yes, daddy, oh yes. Mmmmmm, fuck me, arrrrgh, daddy, mmmmm, fuck me" she managed, as I pounded her little pussy mercilessly. It felt so good inside her warm, wet, pussy, and I knew that I could cum any second, but I was determined to fuck her for as long as she wanted. I watched her face as I fucked her. She licked her lips again and mouthed the word "daddy", and then Bella cried out "yes, oooooo, yes", as her pussy clamped down on my cock. She pushed back hard against me, driving my cock as deep as possible, then reached back and held me tight to her. I felt her body quivering again, and then she collapsed to the bed. She crawled to a pillow and hugged it to her body. I moved up behind her and wrapped her in my arms. Bella then looked at me, smiled sweetly, and then asked, "Daddy, tell me a story".