leader of the Volturi, de facto king of the vampire realm, and he . . . He was akin to a blasphemer against us all. "You would humiliate me like this?" I whispered in a voice the other two could not hear. The words seemed to not be spoken, but twist and wrench from my throat, almost shaking. "Do not be a fool, Carlisle. You must eat." "I will go out into the forests, or to the farms in the valleys close to here," Carlisle told me. "This, I cannot-" He stood, facing me with certainty outweighing the distress. "I will not do this, Aro." "Then let's not waste this delicacy on him!" Caius said urgently. He scooped the woman off the floor, looking woefully down at the blood that had seeped into the carpet already. He brought her to the other two dead ones, and he and Marcus were done with them in moments. "Enough!" I cried at him when he was still sucking greedily at empty veins. I turned on the two. "Get these remains out of here, and go. Go!" Marcus nodded listlessly, carting all the bodies with him; he was gone in seconds. Caius lingered, staring at me. To my surprise, he no longer looked amused, did not even snicker. "Aro-" "Leave me, Caius," I snarled. I was in no mood to hear his gloating, and was sick of his disloyalty and- Caius, passing me, lightly touched his lips to my forehead. I could feel the genuine sympathy in his mind, coloring thoughts: Poor Aro, I could have told you this would happen. He was not worth your attention. But you never can help yourself, can you? I would have preferred gloating to that pity, to be perfectly honest. I saw myself through Caius' eyes, as he saw me, and was horrified by how small, how shattered I looked. I forced all the emotions from my face, and brushed away from him. Caius squeezed my shoulder in a gesture so quick Carlisle did not even catch it, and left. Carlisle stood uncertainly, fearful. I did not want him to fear me, now that my fury had calmed. I did not want to be one of the dark shadows that clouded his pure mind, along with the mindless sewer vampires that had turned him, and the snarling idiot ones that had plagued he and his father. "Now," I soothed him, "they are gone. It is only us." "Aro, I . . . I should go, I-" "Shhh, no, no," I said. "The fault is mine. I knew your compassion, but I refused to believe it was so strong. Though I had seen it, felt it, I still . . . " I tore out the spot of carpet with the bloodstains. Wearily, I brought it to him, and saw his lips tighten. "You must feel the thirst," I insisted. "Here. Only a taste, of a woman already long dead. One taste, Carlisle." Carlisle turned his face. "Aro, I cannot." "Just!" He went to move away, and I caught him by the hand. The impossibility was there in his thoughts. Every moment of the previous scene burned with disgust, sorrow, and pain. "No," I admitted wearily, "you cannot. I see." "I am sorry that I disappoint you, but I . . . I won't apologize for my choices," Carlisle said. "I know you, Aro. You are refined and intelligent." He squeezed my shoulder. "You would respect my lifestyle, even if you do believe it aberrant and deluded. You would let me have my delusions, would you not?" "Certainly," I said, trying to sound as indifferent as I could. It would not do to be so affected by such a little thing. Why it even bothered me so deeply, I could not even say. "It is as you say, I am no wrathful god, out to force his ways upon all. In fact, your refusal to consume humans makes you the least dangerous vampire in the world." I laughed shortly. "It at least ensures you will never break our law of secrecy." Carlisle's golden eyes were still cautious. "You are welcome to your denial," I said flatly. "I have my experiments, and I shall simply take this as one of yours." Still, why did it bother me so? I knew that Carlisle's motives were not self-righteous, the opposite really, but I felt slighted. My mind wandered back to the first time I saw him in the opera, those golden eyes startling me, how I wondered for a moment if he was more than a vampire. The thought affronted me, made me defensive, and that was where those moments of fury came from. Carlisle's pure soul bearing witness to my inborn, uncontrollable dark hunger . . . I felt shamed, dirty, more evil than I had felt in hundreds of years. "I will go," Carlisle said suddenly. "I am sorry to have . . . offended you. I wish things could be different between us." "You will go nowhere, Carlisle," I told him firmly. I looked up at him curiously. "Do you really think a petty disagreement like this would cause me to let you go? Unless, of course, you wish to leave us?" "I would rather stay," Carlisle said earnestly, "but I thought, well . . . I thought my nonattendance of, er, meals would offend you?" "Not at all, so long as you refrain from bringing any musky animal blood within the castle walls," I chuckled. "Fair enough?" Carlisle smiled his warm, bright smile. "Perfectly fair, Aro." In truth, any other vampire I would have lost interest in, and let go. Doubtless, Caius would be shocked. I was a bit surprised myself. But Carlisle was one of the most interesting and beautiful vampires I had ever known. If Caius was right, and the Volturi were a collection no different from my art galleries and treasuries, then Carlisle was to be the crown jewel of it. - Fin -