Jasper nearly flinched at the determination his mate was feeling. "Are you ever gonna tell me what sent you runnin' to me?" Jasper took a deep breath, knowing Peter would not be happy about the circumstances that expelled Jasper from the Cullen family. He sat quietly while Jasper described the human girl whose silent mind and mouthwatering scent had captured Edward's attention, for a few months at least. When Jasper admitted that the family had left her alive—and human —Peter exploded up to start pacing angrily. "What the hell, Major? Why would you do that? You've put us all in danger!" After a few more passes, Jasper reached up to tug him to a stop. Peter's face was filled with regret, but he was completely resolved. "You know we have to take care of this. I won't risk losin' you to their mistakes." Jasper sighed and nodded, figuring that if Alice saw what they were planning she would swoop in and intervene like always. If not, it was just one more black mark on Jasper's tainted soul. They ran silently, and Jasper flinched at the feelings of reproach he felt every time Peter thought of his sire's screw-ups. He was grateful once he'd figured out that Peter had already destroyed Victoria—that was one less loose end. It was mid-afternoon when they reached the woods near the Swan house, and both men wrinkled their noses and approached cautiously as they caught the scents of the wolves. It seemed as if Bella had found some new supernatural beings to take up with once she lost her vampire family. Looking through the kitchen window, the boys watched silently as Bella danced around her kitchen, stopping to hand food to the giant Native boy dwarfing the small chair on which he was perched. Jasper sampled their emotions, nearly stumbling at the force of Bella's—clear and unfettered. He hadn't realized just how much being with Edward had stifled the girl's natural feelings, and he couldn't help but feel a kinship to her now. The boy watched her with undisguised devotion, and the love he felt for her nearly rivaled what Peter felt for Jasper, even at his obviously young age. "Are they mated?" Peter rumbled quietly, rethinking his mission as he watched the happy couple. "Yes," Jasper breathed. "Their love is strong, and pure. It's beautiful…" Their words or small movements must have caught the wolf's attention, because he was instantly on his feet, crouched protectively in front of the girl. Bella asked what was wrong and caught her breath at what the boy described. "That sounds like– Jasper? Is that you?" she spoke louder, trying to look around her mate to catch a glimpse of the vampires through the window. Jasper sent her a wave of recognition and his apology as well, smiling when he heard her delighted giggle. "Come on, Jake! I want to see him!" she tugged the large wolf by the hand, and the vampires moved cautiously around to meet them in the yard. "Jasper! Oh! Who's your friend?" Jasper smirked at her surprise, and feelings of lust, when he threaded his fingers through Peter's and leaned over to kiss his neck. "This is my mate, Peter. Peter, this is Bella Swan." Peter stood proudly at the announcement, then nodded his head at the couple across from them. Bella smiled happily, blushing slightly in a familiar response that made Jasper grin. "Nice to meet you, Peter. This is my Jake," she offered, her small white hand clasping the boy's massive bicep. "He's… um… from La Push," she finished awkwardly, unsure if Jasper was familiar with wolves. "Leech," Jacob addressed them derisively, fear for his mate battling with his need to attack. Jasper inclined his head as well and returned the greeting, "Mutt." Peter chuckled quietly, his red eyes sparkling with glee, while Bella huffed in annoyance. "Well, I guess everyone knows then," she grumbled before smiling at Jasper and his companion. "So, what brings you back to Forks?" Caught slightly off guard at her direct question, Jasper hesitated. Peter squeezed his hand, sending him encouragement and acceptance, an exchange that Jacob's keen eyes did not miss. "Well, Miss Bella, I'm not sure if you knew this, but I was evicted from the family on the night of your birthday." Jacob froze, then pulled Bella behind him. "You're that one? And what? You think you can come here and finish the job?" Jasper sent a wave of calm out as he felt four more wolves draw closer, loosely surrounding the vampires. "No! Um, we just came back to check on Bella," Jasper told them, while Peter stepped closer to his Major in both protection and solidarity. Glancing at his mate, Jasper took a moment to lean his face toward Peter, breathing in the familiar scent of his beloved captain. "See, I was messed up for a while. I know what rejection feels like, and once Peter pulled me back together I thought I should make sure you were doing okay too." Jasper's words were nearly hypnotic, his natural charisma lulling them into agreement. "I can see—and feel —" he added with a wink that once again brought out Bella's blush, "that you're doing just fine here." He turned his attention to the large male. "Take care of her. She's a good one." Jacob lifted his lip in a snarl, wrapping his arms around his little mate. "I will defend her with my dying breath. No one will ever hurt her like your family did. Never again." With nothing more to be said, the vampires took their leave, running quickly out of town with the wolves hot on their heels. When they were finally in the clear, they stopped to figuratively catch their breath and decide where to go from there. Peter reached up and tangled his hands in Jasper's hair, pulling his sire's face down to claim his mouth in a heated kiss. "Let's go home, Major—we're through runnin'. Let's go home."