a movie montage the last year flew before her eyes. "Ohmygod…all those times she gloated about her new boyfriend…how hot he was… how great the sex was…she was talking about you wasn't she? And you knew it? She would tell us both the stories. She would be on the phone with you when she was with me. I can only imagine how hard you laughed at me when you were together. Poor, stupid, clueless, Leah." Her head was starting to spin. She sat down and buried her face in her hands praying this was all a bad dream. "Leah…" His voice no longer held any emotion, only impatience. "Do you love her?" "Yes. No. Fuck, I don't know. I mean she's hot and she's a great lay and I guess we get along ok. She's having my fucking kid, Leah, and I have to do what's right. I didn't want all this shit; I'm only nineteen years old. All I wanted was to have sex with someone who didn't just lie there. With someone who knew what the fuck they were doing. Fuck! This entire mess is your fault. If you'd just—" " MY FAULT ?" Getting up from the bench she got in his face. "Are you out of your fucking mind?" "Yes, your fault. I love you, Leah, but…Jesus, I don't even know how to tell you this. Sex with you…it just wasn't what I wanted. You never sat—" She flinched as if he'd physically hit her and stepped back. Wrapping her arms around herself in a vain attempt to hold herself together she asked the only questions she could. "I didn't satisfy you? Was…was I bad at it?" She was bad at sex? What little was left of her self esteem crawled away with its head down and its tail in-between its legs. "You're like a god damn sex camel. You could go months without it and when we did do it, it was boring. I had to do everything…all the time. You never seemed to know what to do. I needed more and you couldn't give it to me so I found someone who could." "That's because you were my first…and only. I didn't know what to do. You never told me to do anything different or that you wanted anything more. I thought…I thought…" "Look. It's not important and we can't change it. I asked Emily to marry me tonight and she said yes. She's coming with me to UCLA. I think it would be best for all of us if you just went to school somewhere else. You have other options and I don't. UCLA is the only school I applied to and I only have a partial scholarship as it is. I think we all just need a little bit of time and space to get over all of this and move on. You're smart and beautiful and I know you'll be okay wherever you end up. It's just going to take some time." "I can't believe this is happening. Please tell me this is all just some sort of sick joke. Please." "I'm so sorry, Leah. I never meant to hurt you." "But you did." She said as she started crying in earnest, her heart breaking all over again. Not only was she heartbroken, she was lost. Her entire future had just been stollen ou from under her and she didn't even know where to start picking up the pieces left behind. "Good-bye, Lee-lee. You'll always be my first love." Sam kissed her temple and turned around, walking away from her and out of her life forever. Well maybe not forever…the bastard was marrying her cousin after all. Time seemed to stop. Leah didn't know how long she sat there crying. Crying for her broken heart that would never be the same. Crying for the future she lost and worse the unknown future ahead of her. Crying because she didn't know how she was ever going to survive this. Eventually she lay down and curled into a little ball on the weathered old bench of the picnic table. She kept her eyes glued to the water. The ocean had always been her favorite place. It used to bring her peace and happiness, and now it was forever tainted. Sam had taken everything from her. He ruined her completely and then took away the one thing that gave her solace. Exhaustion eventually overwhelmed her and she closed her eyes. Alone in the cold dark night she listened to the melancholy lullaby of the ocean and slowly drifted off to sleep. ~DC~ "She's over here! I found her! Hurry!" The familiar voice echoed in Leah's head. "Mom?" She croaked. Her brain was foggy and unresponsive. "Oh my god…Leah, sweetie, wake up. Please, wake up. Harry, she's freezing, get a blanket. Oh baby. What did he do to you?" Leah could hear her mother's tears in her voice. "Sam." She whispered before her own tears took over, letting the pain—that was momentarily forgotten in her slumber—invade every pore and nerve ending in her body. And then it really started to hurt. "Oh god…Emily." She was wrapped in a warm blanket and lifted gently into her mother's arms. "I know, honey. I am so, so sorry. I…I don't know what to say or do to fix this for you but I would do anything to take away the pain. I know it seems like your life is over and you probably don't want to hear this right now but I promise sweetheart, there is someone special out there just for you. Someone who deserves you and your love, someone who will cherish it." As a mother there were many moments when you felt helpless, but this time she was completely powerless. Sue knew she couldn't kiss this boo-boo and make it all better. Only time was going to heal her daughters shattered heart. Time and love. And so it begans...let me know what you think :)