your mouth. "Bite me!" You immediately comply, and I cry out at the combined force of your teeth in my neck, your hand on my prick, your body filling mine, and the all-consuming ecstasy in your mind as you find your own release. I swear I black out from the pleasure, only returning to earth when I feel your tongue soothing your bite and your hand softly stroking me through the last few pleasant shudders. Instead of pulling out of me like I thought you would, you press me forward, wrapping your arm back around my chest to support us both. Your head rests on my shoulder, and I shiver as your sweet breath washes over my face with each shaky exhale. I feel proud that I was able to affect you as much as you have me. "Cocky little shit, ain't ya?" you chuckle quietly. "But with a gift like that I guess you've got reason to be." Can you read my mind? I jerk my head up in surprise as your mental voice comes through clearly for the first time. Not sure how you will react, I nod slowly—cautiously—in response. Your smile sets me at ease, and you run your tongue over your mark, soothing me even more. "Thought that might be it. Don't worry—if you didn't run screaming after seeing what's in my head then you're tougher than you look. Besides, I can feel your emotions so I guess we're sorta even." I try to process that revelation, but you have already moved on. You slip from my body, leaving me instantly bereft, and I have to make do with a slap on my rear and a smacking kiss on the cheek. You toss me my clothes, and then fasten your pants with a practiced efficiency that makes me instantly jealous. Trying to suppress that emotion is an effort in futility, but I pull out a handkerchief to clean myself up as best I can and pull my clothes back on. You have gathered up the remains of our meals and walked deeper into the alley, and I hesitate for a moment, unsure whether to follow. "Boy! Give me a hand here, will ya?" Unable to stop my smile, I dart over to you only to stop short at what I see. Along with the two humans, there are twitching, dismembered vampire parts. The clothing is feminine, but the face is androgynous and the inky hair is extremely short. The wide black eyes look at me in shocked recognition, but it is hard to understand her thoughts while her head is detached from her body. "Check my back pocket for a book of matches, will ya?" I immediately comply, more than happy to touch you again. I debate whether or not to ask you about the vampire you are preparing to destroy, but you sigh and catch my eye, showing me a meeting that took place this afternoon. You duck into a diner, irritated by the sudden downpour, only to have your defenses rise at the scent of another immortal. The girl hops down from a barstool, full of possessive and disapproving emotions. The lust that runs as a constant undercurrent is undermined by the disgust she feels for you. "You've kept me waiting a long time," she says, holding her hand out as if you should offer your arm. "Let's go! I can't wait to introduce you to our new family and teach you how to hunt animals, and we'll have a beautiful spring wedding with white daisies and yellow daffodils!" Glancing at the humans, you don't notice any undue interest—except from the man who would end up in this same alley. He stares at the girl with undisguised want and regards you with deep suspicion. He has seen too much. Leading the mentally unstable vampire out the door, you pretend to accompany her until you round the corner and are out of sight. Moving faster than a cobra strike, you have her at the end of the alley and decapitated in seconds. "I'll never let no tiny black-haired bitch order me around again," you growl, making short work of removing her limbs and spreading them around the piles of garbage that littered the way. I hand you the matches, softly stroking your tense fingers as your mind bounces between the imp in the diner and another vampiress—the one who scarred you. I can tell that you feel like you are destroying them both, and I stand by your side as you strike the match, mesmerized as we watch it fall. We don't speak as the flames burn—all three bodies disintegrating into ash before our eyes. When your flashbacks seem too painful, I reach out and grasp your hand, lending you my quiet support. Time seems to pause as we keep watch over our fire, and I cling to these last few precious moments with you. When the smoke clears you heave a sigh of relief and turn to me with a smile. "So where do ya wanna go now, boy? I've been hankerin' to see New York myself." I cannot answer at first, unsure if I am understanding you. You squeeze my hand and tug me forward. "Come on, we can have another round back at my hotel room. We'll just have to be a little more careful there." There is no misunderstanding that and I gape at you, my hope bubbling up into my throat. "You mean, you want me to come with you? Stay with you?" I hate that I sound like an insecure boy—but that is what you keep calling me. That reminds me– "I'm Edward Masen, by the way." You smile again, wrapping your arm around my neck in a friendly gesture. You do not offer your own name but I am no longer worried—you will tell me eventually. Your mental voice says what you cannot, You're mine, Edward. That I am, and I think you just might be mine, too.