does she have a good reason. She simply toleraed him because he was married to Emily. "I just can't believe he just left you there!"-Claire said and looked at Quil with threatening eyes as if to say you do that to me and you're dead. "What happened between you and Sam?'-Bella asked " Nothing . This little bitch left her there and avoided her like the plague for months. It wasn't until he saw her with me that he decided she wasn't contagious anymore and asked her out again. He was constantly asking her out or trying to be around her or giving me the evil eye."-Jacob said annoyed. "So that explains why you and Sam have this never ending…pissing contest."-Paul laughed. "Oh."-they all said, nodding at the revelation. This was a very informative dinner. "Well I pissed on Leah so she's mines."-Jacob said, crossing his arms. "What?"-Leah exclaimed, pushing him off the chair. "Leah I didn't know you were so kinky."-Embry winked. "Shut up Embry!"-Leah and Rebecca shouted. "I mean like figuratively. You know like how wolves pee to mark their territory. I marked you."-Jacob tried explaining. What the hell was he talking about? "Do we look like wolves?'-Leah asked with her arms crossed. "Jacob just apologize."-Edward laughed, shaking his head. "You can talk?"-Jacob said looking at Edward. Just then Sam came back in with Emily. "Sorry everyone. It was just a lot to take in. I felt betrayed as if Sam had cheated on me with my own cousin. But, I forgive you both for not telling me about your relationship."-Emily said and sat down. The room got quiet and everyone stared at the two idiots, even Bella who was Emily's invited friend. " You forgive me ?'-Leah asked confused. "Yes. It's all behind us now."-Emily sniffled and Sam pitifully pat her arm. "If anyone is owed an apology it's Leah from Sam!"-Jacob exclaimed. "Huh?"-Emily and Sam said. "You owe Leah an apology Sam."-Jacob said standing up. "Uh oh here we go."-Paul smiled. "It just all makes sense now."-Jared chuckled to himself. He could never understand why they hated each other so much and were always fighting and he felt relieved now that he did. It was driving him crazy not knowing. "Jacob just let it go it was years ago."-Leah said standing up. She looped her arm through his to hold him back. "Oh Leah told you guys-" "Yup!"-everyone said in unison. Sam looked sheepish and hung his head before looking at her. "I'm sorry Leah. I owed you an apology a long time ago."-Sam said sincerely but Jacob scoffed. "Then why didn't you?"-he said balling his fists. "Because you were glued to her hip and you would never let me near her to do it!"-Sam shouted. "You damn right!"-Jacob bragged, puffing out his chest. Embry Seth and Quil snickered. "You think I wouldn't change things if I could? I'd do anything to get Leah back!"-Sam shouted. "Uh oh."-Seth quipped. "What?"-Jacob and Emily shouted. "Em, no I didn't mean it like that. Emily!"-he shouted after her as she ran out of the room crying. "This is all your fault Jacob!"-Sam pointed at him before going after Emily. "Wait a minute this isn't over. What do you mean you'd do anything to get her back? Get back here Sam!"-Jacob shouted and went after him. "Jacob! Get back here. Just let it go. You peed on me remember!"-Leah shouted before going after him. "My money's on Jacob."-Quil said, pulling out a twenty. "My money's on Sam. He has all that regret pooling inside of him ready to burst."-Embry countered. "Put me down for Jacob." Edward said. Everyone stopped and looked at him but put him down for Jacob anyway. "I got Sam."-Jared said. "You're such a kiss ass. I say a draw. They never actually fought over Leah directly . So there's a lot of anger there on both sides. Jacob is fighting for his woman; Sam is fighting for the woman he left in the hospital with a pus butt."-Paul said sure of himself. "I bet fifty on Leah."-Seth chimed in. They stopped and looked at him thoughtfully. "I change my bet." "Me too." "Give me Leah in two swings!"-some started calling. "What round is this?"-Kim asked. "I stopped counting four years ago."-Rachel said. "Shouldn't the guys go and break it up?"-Bella asked worriedly. "Oh they will. They just have to place their bets first."-Claire said casually. "It never fails."-Rebecca laughed. AN : Hope you like! That's right I'm baaaaacck! It's been so long ugh. I missed you guys! I have a LOT of time on my hands for the next couple of months so I have all the time in the world to restart and finish old stories and come up with new ones. For real this time. I desperately want to restart Special Arrangement but I've told some of you the problem I'm having due documents. But, I'll get it eventually. I'm just as eager to finish as you are to read but I want the same quality and consistency so we must wait. The break did me good though b/c some of the stories on here became(understandably) juvenile for my age or repetitive and I didn't want to become a victim with my own writing. I already have another story I'm going to write probably on Tuesday and then I have another one after that! I wanted to make sure I had something before coming back. Hopefully this helps get my juices running. The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few….so I need you to read then I need you to review…or I'll send you a snow storm! I'm currently in the Northeast so I'll be getting hit with this supposed Nor'easter they claim is coming. IF it does I hope it sparks my imagination with more stories. Snow always does that for some reason. If you end up snowed in like me I'll be sending out some e warmth for ya!