coach blow his whistle and I looked up all the guys got up from doing push-ups. I bit my pen cap as I saw Jasper smile at me. I laughed quietly and shook my head as I finished the song and smiled. "I saw that." Ben said. "Saw what?" "That flirty smile." "It was a smile. Don't look into it. I finished the song. Can you pass me my guitar?" I asked. Ben nodded and handed me my black guitar, my baby. I smiled and looked at him. I made a few different chords and used his beat. "I was thinking about something like this and having two of them going, to make it louder and then possibly just playing with it 'til sounds up to standard." Ben smiled and mimicked my chords. It sounded just like I imagined it. I looked down at my notebook and stopped strumming. Ben got the idea and counted to four. " No attorneys to plead my case, No orbits to send me into outer space And my fingers are bejeweled with diamonds and gold But that ain't gonna help me now. I'm trouble, yeah trouble now I'm trouble y'all, I disturb my town I'm trouble, yeah trouble now I'm trouble y'all, I got trouble in my town ." I sang and then bit my lip. Ben smiled. "That was great. You'll rock the house." "Yes she will," Daniel said popping us behind me. "You guys better get ready to leave. We're all changing." Daniel turned and I picked up my guitar. Ben walked in front of me and I forgot my notebook. I walked back to the bleacher and saw Jasper pick it up for me. "Thanks." "Yeah, no problem. You sound really good. You should try just slightly slowing down your voice to the music. It'll help you keep the beat when you strum." I stared at him. "You play?" He shrugged. "Don't tell anyone, I'm more of a farm boy than a popular guy who got the girls," he winked. I smiled. "I'll try it thanks. Maybe I'll see you at Danny's tomorrow. At seven." "I guess so. I have nothing else to do," he shrugged. "I better go get changed. Your, uh, friend is waiting." I laughed. "Oh yeah Ben. I'll see you Jasper." JPOV I sighed as I walked toward the changing room. It's my first day and I'm already crushing on someone. Fantastic. Derek popped up next to me and laughed. "You better not make any moves on her. She's off limits. You can't date the captain's girl." I looked at him. "What are you talking about?" "I saw you guys flirting. Completely obvious. Just don't let Daniel see, he's protective of his baby sis." I laughed. "I was just talking to her about guitars." "Yeah sure. And she totally did not personally invite you to Danny's. She normally makes a big deal when we all show up but we go anyway. We're all her big brothers." I ran a hand through my hair as we walked into the changing room. "It was nothing," I muttered as I grabbed my stuff. Normally everyone showers but I just wanted to get home. I'll shower later. I changed into my jeans and white t. I threw my leather jacket on and laced up my Docs. The guys stare at me. "What?" "Ain't you gonna shower?" Trent asked. "I'd rather shower at home. Besides I have work to do, tons of unpacking." I lied. I don't really plan on unpacking when I get home. "Good luck with that. Coming to Danny's?" "Uh, yeah sure. I'll see you then." I turned with my bag and walked out. I hopped my on Harley and drove to my new home. When I pulled up to the house, I sighed. It's been so empty for all these years. Gramps always did know how to live in style though. I'm glad he let me come here. He thought I lost my mind; I worried for him on the farm but he had Troy and Gordon. I walked through the front door and was met by Max running up to me. I smiled and bent down. "Hey buddy," I greeted as I rubbed behind his ears. Max was my cute German Shepard, who I've had since… a while. I walked into the kitchen and started to make dinner. Max was just glad to see me. I guess, he was happy to see me. After dinner I cleaned up and took a shower. It was relaxing. I did my homework and then went to sleep. Pretty pathetic for a Friday night. BPOV Daniel got home just in time for me to finish making quick spaghetti. He slid into a chair at the table and took the bowl I handed him. "Thanks Bells. You and Jasper played a great game today. I wonder what that guy's story is." "What do you mean?" I asked taking a bit of food. "I mean, we never really got much out of him except he's from Austin and that he just moved here like a week ago." Daniel shrugged. "Huh," I said as I took another bite. "Why did you have to invite everyone to Danny's?" I asked. "You're like all the guys' baby sister. We have to come cheer you on." "I'm not Jasper's little sister," I muttered under my breath. "What was that?" Daniel asked. "Nothing." I said as I cleaned out my bowl. I washed it and put it away as Daniel helped himself to more. I sighed and walked out of the kitchen. "Good night Daniel!" "Good night Bells. I'm probably going out tonight!" he yelled back. "K!" I rolled my eyes and walked to my room. Tonight is going to be a long night. I hope you liked it! The songs I have in here are Suddenly I See by K. T. Tunstall and Trouble(Acoustic) by P!nk. Please let me know what you think! Sorry for any mistakes...