from sucking Edward's cock, going down on Heidi, and the fact that she had two of the best orgasms from a woman, she was eager to see what Edward could do to her. Bella could feel her body tensing and building once again, as he gently rocked in and out of her body. Bella was so consumed by the fire growing inside of her that she didn't even notice the couple in front of her. Heidi and Aro watched the couple in front of them fucking. As Aro entered Heidi from behind, he pulled her hair, forcing her to lean back into his chest. "They have a connection," Aro grunted into Heidi's ear, and he thrust into her. "Big time," she whispered, turning her eyes back to the pair in front of them. Both Heidi and Aro watched the couple in front of them spellbound. They had never seen a pair of lost souls so in tuned with one another before that it spurred their own want for one another. Edward spread his legs wider and pulled Bella's upper body up until her knees were together between his. He didn't allow them to losing contact with one another. She leaned back into his chest allowing his hands to rub over her breasts. Edward pinched and rolled Bella's hard nipples as he thrust deep into her body. She felt so damn good to him. He snaked his arms around her body and wrapped them around her shoulders where he could pull her whole body down on top of his. Edward buried his face into her neck licking and sucking, as he thrust into her heavenly body. Edward felt so good thrusting in and out of Bella's body. She was like putty in his hands. All Bella could do was lean against Edward's chest and ride out the pleasure he was causing her every time his body moved. Heidi leaned forward away from Aro and moved them closer to the couple in front of them, wanting to be involved in their play as well. Aro lost contact with his partner for a moment, but moved quickly to thrust into her again. Heidi's hand reached out and slipped down to Bella's clit and rubbed, as Edward thrust into her body. The sounds in the room were the most erotic moans, grunts, and groans spurring the moment in both couples. The slapping of flesh hitting flesh, the whimpers and sighs of fulfillment, and the cries of pleasure was all that could be heard. The sounds alone would make one cum, but the sights were the best. Four heavenly bodies tangled in one another only connected by the women in the middle. Both couples worked one in tandem, gaining momentum and inspiration from the other. Bella reached out grabbing Heidi's arm, bringing Aro and her so much closer to Edward and her. As Edward thrust, sucked, and licked on her neck, Bella pulled Heidi into a kiss. The two women's bodies rubbed against one another, causing more delicious sensations as Aro and Edward rocketed in and out of their bodies from behind. "I'm going to fucking cum," Bella grunted, pulling away from Heidi's kiss, but still allowing their chests to rub, as Edward's thrusts became erratic; both coming undone at the same time. That was the first time he had ever cum at the same time a woman had. Bella went slack against his chest, and not being able to hold the both of them up any longer, he pushed back onto his ass, breaking the contact they had with the other couple. Heidi and Aro weren't too far behind the pair and quickly found their own releases too. Both couples leaned up against the step within the circle, completely sated and content. Edward played with the strands of Bella's hair, as she lightly dozed on his chest. "You are more than welcome to stay the night," Aro said to Edward, after noticing that the fair Bella was already asleep on his chest. "I think that might be best," Edward said, smiling at the beauty in his arms. Aro stood and lifted Heidi up to him, kissing her deeply. "Thank you, my darling, for a truly pleasurable evening," he said, kissing her one more time. "You're welcome," she said, as she kissed his lips and took his hand. "Follow me," Aro said, turning around to look at Edward. Edward picked Bella up in his arms and carried her with him as he walked. Aro pointed out different things along their way and showed Edward to a room. "You should have everything you need here," Aro said, pushing open the door to a room. Edward looked around the room to make sure everything was okay. "I want to thank you and the lovely Bella for coming and being with us tonight. I would love for you to come back again," Aro said, reaching out to shake Edward's hand. Edward quickly slipped a hand from around Bella body and shook Aro's hand. Aro left the room, closing the door behind him. Once Edward was alone in the room, he walked Bella over to the bed. He pulled back the covers, placing her underneath them. Edward walked back over to the door and locked it, not wanting to find Aro standing over their bodies in the morning. Bella was right about Aro; he was kind of creepy, and Edward wasn't planning on a repeat performance with the couple. Edward crawled into the bed and pulled the gorgeous creature in front of him into his arms. Edward curled his body around Bella's, sticking his nose into her hair and inhaling the most intriguing scent. How are things going to be in the morning?, he wondered as he settled into the covers, closed his eyes, and quickly fell asleep. ~la Fine A/N: I plan on continuing this story ... I will have details soon on how to get your hands on the next installment. ;) Thanks to those who voted!