as her attention cut to Alice. "We don't have time for this. Look Shay your in danger." Shay stopped for a moment and I could hear Maurelle making odd sounds, the girl was fucking weird. Shay laid a hand over her sister's arm and Maurelle visibly relaxed, but she looked angry. "We are not familiar, therefore you will call me by my full name. Shaylee. Your quiet lucky I'm letting your vampire tongue utter it, in the first place." I already liked this girl. Her apparent superiority over the Cullen's was really fucking hilarious since everyone else seemed to worship the ground they walked on. I paused. No it wasn't as much superiority as it was a wryness as if she wasn't buying into this trust the vamps because they sparkle shit. Her eyes darkened as she looked at all of us. "Are you threatening me?" She asked calmly. But her eyes were a storm of aggression and I could sense her lack of fear and the ghost of a smile, at the thought of a challenge. "No we're not." Jasper cut in quickly and he looked at Shaylee as certain intensity in his gaze, "Alice is gifted with visions, and she has seen your death." Maurelle snarled about to pounce but Peter restrained her, not without struggle it seemed. "A vampire Victoria, she came her and drained you. It makes sense now why you were different, after she drained you she gained power and an odd ability she could-" Shaylee's eyes cut to Jasper and they were wide and thoughtful. "Control the elements?" She said softly. Jasper looked taken back and nodded silently. "Yes, how did you know?" He asked, watching her. She paced and ran her fingers through her hair. "Shit." She muttered softly. "Fuck, shit, shit." She looked panicked and turned to Maurelle who had gone still and stared at Shay with a fierce protection in her gaze and fear. "How did they find out?" Shay asked her. Her voice incredibly small. She shook and began pacing again. "This is bad. This is really bad." "They might not know. The vampire, Victoria doesn't necessarily know Shay. We have to hope she doesn't know." Maurelle wiggled out of Peter's grasp and went to her sister bending down a little bit to look into her eyes. "You are the only one left, we have to assume she doesn't know and if she does we will kill her." She promised. "I can't stay." She whispered, a broken edge to her voice. Maurelle wiped some tears from her cheeks and I felt my inner wolf clawing at me from the inside out. I should be helping her. That should be me wiping her tears away. I needed to comfort her. Shay shook her head and whimpered. "Staying here isn't a good idea." She said softly. "I have to find him. He could help." My whole being stiffened. Who was him? Who the fuck was him? Maurelle looked Shay in the eyes sternly. "No if we find him things could get worse. I know why... Look just no. That's not a good idea and we both know it." Maurelle looked at the Cullen's indecision making her face seem older, almost ancient. "You have to protect her." "That's why we came." Jasper said softly. Maruelle looked at him and then at all of us, the gaze in her eyes unbelievably cold. "If anything happens to her, I will kill all of you." She said softly, it was gentle but fierce. Bella shivered, a fear running deep in her eyes and for once I found that fragility slightly annoying. "I will hunt you all down and I will make you watch as I pull out your innards." Shaylee's look was haunted, she looked so unsure of what to do. "We do not have much time." She said her voice surprisingly strong despite her pale pallor. Maurelle looked at her worried and then kissed her forehead before disappearing upstairs. Peter walked over to her and hugged her tightly, jealousy sloshed uncomfortably in my stomach. "You've been kind of quiet... Considering its you." Bella commented looking at me worried. Edward snorted, almost like he was going to say something but upon looking over at Shay and then at me he got quiet. Almost like he didn't quiet know what to say or how to phrase it. He'd probably tell Bella anyway, as soon as he got the chance, but I found myself not caring anymore. If he wanted to tell her he could and if not whatever. I couldn't keep my eyes off of Shay. No matter how hard I tried my mind would circle right back to her. Even as Maurelle came down with packed suitcases in her hands, and Jasper and Edward helped her take them to the car. I couldn't stop thinking that I wanted her to stay with me. We had decided she would stay at the Cullen's for her own safety but I didn't quiet like the idea anymore. We could take care of her too. The pack was just as strong. Well I snorted, stronger in my opinion. Before when I had agreed to her staying with them I had been indifferent because she was just another annoying human girl but now she was different. Shaylee was Fey and she was my Imprint she wasn't some stupid teenage girl. Imprint. She was my Imprint. My mind swirled as I continued to stare at her and I realized she was staring at me too, her gaze intense, everything about her felt intense. But it didn't make me uncomfortable. For the first time in a long time, this odd intensity coming from this beautiful girl felt like home. I hope you liked the first chapter. Soooo any thoughts? Please Review, Follow, and Favorite. (: This story is rated M because in the future there will be Smuts, along with language, and violence. I do not own Twilight. Sad but true xoxo Cayla