one hand clinging to the steering wheel as if his survival depended on it. Somehow Jasper and Peter had either jumped or been thrown free and were sprinting towards the wreckage just as the smoke turned to flame. Peter yanked Mark bodily from the hood and threw him several feet away where he landed in a bubble wrapped heap then turned to help Jasper dismantle the jeep around Emmett to get him out a split second before the jeep turned into a fireball. Dragging him away from the wreckage of his pride and joy they got only a few feet before Mark threw himself at Emmett and began to pummel his face with gusto. Unfortunately for Mark being wrapped almost from head to toe in bubble wrap and still having the butterfly nets firmly attached to his hands he didn't do much damage. In fact the sight of the whirling, sparkly butterflies on his hat wobbling frantically as he attacked Emmett had Jasper and Peter rolling around helplessly, holding their sides at the laughter exploding from them. Mark began clawing at the duct tape on his hands trying to loosen the nets. But he was taped up so securely his fingers couldn't straighten enough to get a decent purchase and he ended up scrabbling frantically with the nets flapping around like a crazy semaphore on drugs. With a final kick of frustration Mark launched the remains of the jeep about a mile into the forest before turning back to look at the vampires with him, all of them helpless before him. He stalked towards them, it would have been more intimidating if he wasn't still wearing the butterfly hat, and kicked Emmett hard in the ribs. "Hey. I wasn't just me!" "Like hell!" Mark answered falling to the ground in a sulky bubble wrapped, net waving, heap. "You were the one behind this, I know it!" He added with a slap to Emmet's head causing the net to snap in half. "Oh come on." Peter piped up, managing to temporarily stifle his mirth. "It was good!" Mark looked at himself and the others around him. He shook his head briefly before dissolving into laughter. "Yes it was. You got me good!" "I can't believe I actually went along with that shit!" He added laughing. "We can run faster than your damn jeep." "Yes but the video can't keep up with …" Emmett stopped mid-sentence and sprinted toward the wreckage of his jeep. "NOOO!" he bellowed. "What?" Jasper asked while dislodging the nets from Mark's hands. "The tape!" "You recorded this!" Mark yelled, breaking from Jaspers hold and launching at Emmett again. This time he had a net free hand and made use of it as he punched Emmett repeatedly in the face. "It was just a bit of fun!" Emmett stated as Mark was pulled away again. "We were all in on it." Mark looked at the smoldering heap that was Emmett's jeep and laughed. "Guess you lost more than me on this one." He reached forward with his free hand and pulled Emmett to his feet. "I know how much you loved that thing!" He slapped him hard on the back making Emmett stagger forward slightly. "Besides Rose will cut you off for a month at least for pissing off Her new born!" He whispered loudly causing Emmett to quail and Jasper and Peter to fall to the ground again laughing. "Damn it!" Jasper moaned as he picked up a twisted piece of copper pipe from the ground near the jeep. "Mark didn't blow on our homemade snipe pipe yet." He seemed disheartened as he spoke the words. "Come on buddy." Peter said with a chuckle as he did his best to lift his friend's spirits. "Just hug it out with me. It's not gonna happen tonight." Mark watched the weird exchange between the two men carefully and with a great deal of amusement. "You're some really strange sparkly mother fuckers. But I like you guys anyway." Peter quickly straightened out the end of pipe back to perfectly straight again, then blew on it hard in Mark's direction. "Well now you don't have to worry about sparkling do you Mark? Not with all that white shit on your face?" The flour covered Mark's hair; face and still bubble wrap clad body in a fine white coat. He now looked even more like a snowman. Jasper smiled broadly at the sight while Peter and Emmett glanced at each other and at the same time began a rousing chorus of "Do you want to build a snowman?" Mark glanced down at himself and laughing ripped away the wrappings. He picked up a handful of snow and threw it hard. It landed squarely in Emmett's face effectively silencing him as he spluttered and choked on the snow. Peter sang on bravely (out of tune) and with increased the volume until Jasper jumped at him and wrestled him down, face first into the ground. Then began a snowball fight / wrestling match which Emmett later claimed could only be described as 'Epic'. They spent the next hours laughing, making fun of one another and planning to take another boys night out. The sun rays started peeking through the clouds as the breaking dawn found them soaked through, covered in snow and contented as they made snow angels. It was time for the night to come to an end and for them to make their way home. They had spent the entire time razzing and pranking one another. In so doing becoming a true family. To all their astonishment Mark had played along with the activities they had planned for him without much of a fuss. He enjoyed it really, made him feel part of the family. They all had so much fun with it; they decided he would get to lead the 'snipe' hunt for the next new member of the coven. It was a sign their new traditions were meant to be.