want more kitten?" Bella was speechless at his dirty talk. But have mercy did it ever turn her on. "Carlisle, please" "Please what Bella? Tell me what you want. You want more of this? You want my cock to pound into that tight little pussy? Tell me!" Carlisle sat up on his knees and spread her legs open wide. He could see her arousal leaking down her thighs. "Please, Carlisle. Baby, please! Touch me, kiss me, anything. Please!" Bella was desperate for his touch. She didn't care how he touched her at this point. Her hormones were out of control and demanding satisfaction soon. Carlisle smirked down at her as raised her legs to his shoulders one at a time. Kissing his way down one leg to her apex and moving back to the ankle of the other to start again, he savored Bella's pleads and whimpers. Finally reaching his destination, he buzzed soft kisses over her outer lips before slowly tasting her for the first time. Bella cried out in relief and pleasure as Carlisle licked her pussy from her entrance to her clit. She fisted his disheveled hair, not knowing if she should push him away or pull him closer. He clamped down on her clit gently with his teeth as his fingers sought out the incredible warmth of her opening. Letting go of his hair, she lifted her hips to grind into his face. He worked her over slowly, steadily picking up speed of the fingers gliding in and out of her, stretching her to take his impressive girth. When she was right on the edge of ecstasy, ready to fall apart her love finally lifted his head again to let loose more of words that made her feel sexy and wanton. "Look at you my mate. Flushed, ready to fall apart at my hands and mouth. Do you want to cum? I want to taste more of your sweet nectar on my tongue before I make you fall apart on my cock. Cum for me Love. Let me see you. Cum Isabella! NOW!" After his last demand, Carlisle shoved his cool tongue in her pussy and fucked her like was about to with his weeping dick. Bella fell apart, launching into the ether, as he proved once again to have a talented tongue. She saw stars as she floated, vaguely aware that she had cried out and that he was still slowly cleaning up her cum. Carlisle took all she had given him and kissed back up her body to claim her mouth. There was something so sexy and slightly forbidden as she tasted herself on his tongue. Within that moment, she was burning again for his touch. "Beautiful, Love. Exquisite. The look on your face as your body arched into me; those bruised, swollen lips making a perfect "O". Let me love you my mate. Let me claim that tight, warm kitty as mine." "Please Carlisle. I need you. Make love to me, fuck me. Claim me!" Bella kissed his hard, biting his cold lips as hard as she dared and grinding into his pulsing cock. She reached down between them to pump his erection as couple times, hoping he would get the hint. Carlisle rose up slightly. Just enough to cover Bella's hand his own to tighten her hold and pump him a little quicker. Groaning in pleasure from her hot hand, he pushed it away to align himself with her honeypot. Bella arched into him, pushing him deeper until he was fully seated. They held steady a moment as they here overcome with a rightness and completeness that to perfect it shouldn't be possible. Adding to the awe inspiring mix of emotions that Carlisle was feeling at finally coming together with his mate was the overwhelming heat of her sex. Purring in time with her heartbeat that he could feel pulsing against his cock and his chest, Carlisle started to move. Bella was feeling pretty damn overwhelmed at the moment too. This couldn't be real. Things like this didn't happen to girls like her. But it felt so real! She would die if she ever woke up from this dream. Lifting her hips to move against her mate, her love, Bella wrapped herself around him like a spider-monkey. She would cling to this perfection as long as possible. Fight for it and him as long as she breathed. Picking up speed, driving harder and harder, deeper and deeper, Carlisle lovingly fucked his mate. Soft and slow or hard and fast, it didn't matter it would always be done with love. Quickly reaching their peak, he tried to gain a little control over his beast. He tried to pull back, even as Bella clung to his even tighter. Instinctively knowing his trouble, Bella gave him the greatest gift he would ever receive and for once he decided to be selfish. "Take me Carlisle. Stop holding back my mate. Claim me as you need and we both want. I told you I'm not afraid. I already love you and want you forever. Claim me as only my vampire mate can!" Isabella's impassioned words released Carlisle from himself. Thrusting harder and deeper than she thought possible, she met his warm black eyes and recognized the love shining back. Looking deeply into her eyes, foreheads resting together, he whispered his love and devotion and promises of forever. The fell apart together, riding a wave of rapturous joy and pleasure. "Mine!" Carlisle roared before sinking his teeth into the butter soft skin at the juncture of her neck and shoulder. A proud mating and sire mark for all to see. "Yours!" Bella promised as the hellish heat started to spread. Three hundred plus years of rigid control. Three hundred years of putting other first and of trying to find redemption for what he had become. Three hundred years to find his mate, after he had all but given up hope. Finally, Carlisle found the sweet release of control.