eyes and let out a long, deep, audible breath. "You're so young…" I squeezed his hand. "So what? I don't care if you don't." "Edward, you don't understand…" Before I could think twice about it, I scrambled over to him and straddled his legs. "Edward, what are you doing?" "Showing you how easy it could be." I leaned in, but I wasn't quick enough, and ended up kissing his cheek. "Edward, stop…" I sat back and dropped my hands. I could see the battle in his eyes. He was fighting so hard between either pushing me off him or pulling me closer. So, I made it easier for him. "Is this because of what you are?" Silence. "I know, Carlisle," I added. "You know what, Edward?" I placed my hands on his shoulder, feeling his cold temperature and hard muscles. "I know you're different. I've known for a while." It was hard not to notice. All those mornings without any of them eating breakfast. All the times I've seen Carlisle react faster than anyone. How he could carry more grocery bags than anyone without breaking a sweat. The way he talked about his father and his beliefs. The things he let slip about the time he was a child—I always had the sense he was speaking of a different time, a different century. But it wasn't until I saw with my own eyes how he intimidated James the other day, that dark look that screamed predator , that I knew he was more than just a man. "I could harm you," he groaned. "You're so fragile to me." "You would never." I whispered against his lips. "I trust you." He gulped. "Are you sure you want this, Edward?" "I want you. I…" It was now or never. I closed my eyes and whispered my deepest secret. "I love you." "Oh Edward…" he moaned, his hands on my face. "I love you, too." He dropped a kiss on my cheek, his lips surprisingly soft and cool against my overheated skin. "Domine dimitte me..." he whispered against my lips before closing that last inch. I groaned, and threw my arms around his neck, kissing him deeply. He ran his tongue against my lips, and I opened my mouth. His taste was intoxicating. I moaned in contentment, and he pressed me closer to him. Our erections met, and I gasped, rolling my hips. "Edward, Christ!" he gasped and dove in for another kiss, wilder than before. I kept rolling my hips, seeking that high at the end of the line. I couldn't stop whimpering and gasping for breath. "Slow...We need to take this slow," Carlisle murmured against my cheek, our foreheads touching. I nodded, leaning in for another kiss. His lips were fucking addicting; I just couldn't get enough. Carlisle controlled the rhythm, his hands steady and firm on my hips. Whenever I tried to rush, he would hold me back, and go back to that slow and torturous pace. His lips left mine, and dropped sweet kisses on my cheek and down my jaw. I threw my head back when he pulled me closer, the head of my cock bumping against his erection, and he didn't waste time in going in for my Adam's apple. He kissed, sucked, and nibbled it until I was sure he was going to leave a mark. I rolled my hips harder, chasing my climax. His hands moved and grabbed my ass, our pace still as slow as before but more intense. I grabbed the back of his head, my fingers fisting his blond hair, pulling him closer to my neck. "Bite me." Carlisle huffed. "Edward…" "Please..." I whined, wanting to feel him leave a mark on me. He gasped, his hands helping me roll my hips a bit faster. "You have no idea what you're asking me, baby… I can't hurt you." I kissed him. "I trust you," I gasped against his lips and then pulled his face back to my neck. "Please, Carlisle…" Just when I thought he wasn't going to do it, I felt his teeth scrape my neck and I totally lost it. "Yes! Oh fuck!" My orgasm ripped through me, I closed my eyes so hard I could see colors dancing around, until I felt like I was in a dark tunnel, everything going silent and still for a minute. When I came to, I was draped over Carlisle's chest, one of his hand rubbing soothing circles on my back while the other played with my hair.. "Shhh, come back to me, baby." I slowly inhaled and then exhaled. I did it a couple more times before I looked up at him. "Hey…" He let out a long breath. "Thank God. I thought I was going to have to take you to the hospital." I furrowed my brows. "Why?" He caressed my cheek. "You passed out for a second there, Edward. Scared me half to death." I shook my head. "I didn't feel like I did. I was more like really...tired." He chuckled. "Did I wear you out?" I weakly slapped his chest. "Don't sound so proud." His chuckle vibrated through his chest, and it was then that I noticed I couldn't hear his heart beating. I placed a hand on his chest and snuggled closer, thinking I was wrong, but no. He really didn't have a heartbeat. Carlisle placed his hand on top of mine. "Does it bother you?" I shook my head and looked up at him. "No," I said, taking his hand and placing it on my chest, the rhythm faster than usual and not on tempo. "I know mine is not the best there is out there, but you're welcome to have it." "Oh Edward." He pulled me up for a kiss. "Your heartbeat is the most precious sound to me. It's an honor just to be able to hear it." "Good, because every single one is now yours." Latin translations Domine dimitte me - Lord forgive me.