clothes. I was a bit surprised to find clothes similar to the ones I had always had worn and it didn't take me long to pick out a blue dress with some lace on it, but not wanting to damage it because it did fit really well when I had looked into the mirror. The dress complemented my new body so well that I realized that if I didn't want to risk damaging it I needed some help. So I walked downstairs to find Carlisle reading the book I had placed upon the table moments before. Uhm Carlisle I stared a bit nervous for the stupid request I was about to make can you help me with this dress, I don't want to ruin it as it fits really well so if you just could zip me up and I turned around showing him my back. Naturally he said as he stood behind me in a second and I could feel his gentle fingers tracing my back before he pulled the zipper up. I liked how his fingers felt on my skin but didn't want to embarrass myself so I turned around. So Carlisle do tell me do we need to hide in coffins when the sun comes up or is that just a rumor. He face broke into a big smile as he chuckled. His whole face had lit up when he smiled and he looked the more dashing as he already did but his answer pulled me back to him no we don't sleep in coffins he in fact we don't sleep at all. Never I said while I took a seat on the couch so what do you do at night. Carlisle thought of taking the seat beside me but settled in the chair closed to it. I study or I hunt at night when I am not working he answered. My curiosity was sparked how did you become a doctor I asked thinking of all the blood involved. He smiled again when I was studying different subjects I found medicine and it interested me, instead of hurting people with my gifts I could cure them his seriousness returning, it took me years before I trusted myself to be anywhere near patients though but now I don't even notice the blood anymore and my sense of smell actually helps me make a diagnosis. I sighted I hope one day I get as good at controlling my thirst like that when remembering the blood of the deer my throat flared up at once but not as bad as it had done at the beginning. Well I had two centuries of practice he said understandingly but I was surprised with your control today he said. I didn't understand and when he saw the look of surprise on my face he explained. We were running remember and when I stopped you stopped and you just snapped out of the first while the blood you were craving was not far away he looked with curiosity in his face at me what was it that pulled you out of it. You I blurred out looking away embarrassed I had still some difficulty at controlling what came out of my mouth I thought it was your scent actually it was stronger than the blood so I focused on it I realized a moment later meeting his eyes again. Carlisle leaned back in his chair but not before I again saw a look of content shoot across his face. Why is it special I asked not understanding his interest in the subject. It's just said while pressing his fingertips together I never heard of a newborn who could do that, it's a hard thing to learn to control he explained when your new most vampires are led by their instinct alone, really impulsive controlled by their bloodlust. I felt a rush of pride run through my body and let him think as I could see he was running things through his mind, but after a few minutes I started getting a bit awkward and shifted in my seat to get back his attention to the present when that didn't work I cleared my throat and asked so are the garlic and the stakes also folklore or should I really worry about walking into a church. It did the trick as I pulled him back into the present. We don't need to eat he answered as he placed his hand in his laps again and the stake could never hurt us, it wound's damage the skin. Why are no bruises I asked while looking over my body again but still finding nothing. The venom that transformed you healed them all he said the only scar you have left is where I bit you he gestured with his hand to my neck where he had earlier touched me. Are there more vampires out there I asked looking a bit nervous. No not her most of our kind live a nomadic life he said and they usually feed on humans and he looked a bit worried meeting my eyes. Do they have to kill them I asked. Yes otherwise there would be a lot of vampires being born every day and besides did you feel the lust when you first tasted the blood I nodded and would you have been able to stop I shook my head as I realized it must be the same for many vampires. But how did you stop when you bit me I suddenly asked. I have been around blood for many years now but I had to say it took me a little more effort than I had expected he said. Sorry I made you go through that before I could stop myself I reached out for his hand and placed it over his he didn't pull away. He gave me a smile thrust me you were worth it he chuckled as we talked on for the rest of the night.