on the radio station. It was from then on that 'The Midnight Riders' became the house band at 'Whiskey a Go Go.' It was during this time that Jasper schooled all of us boys on the groupies that would accumulate at the backstage door that we would enter and leave from every night. I tried not to pay them too much attention because I was married, but once the alcohol started to flow and the drugs came out to play, it seemed I didn't mind finding a little groupie love along the way. I figured Kate would never need to know. It wasn't like the others didn't have girlfriends of their own, but would still find a pretty little groupie to shack up with at night. " There are two different types of 'groupies'," Jasper said standing against the apartment doors. We were watching the women down the hall with the other artists living at the Hyatt. " Aren't the all the same?" I asked tipping the Jack Daniels up. " No sir, some of them are different. See that group there," he said pointing to a group of women hanging around one of the drummers from another band in town. " Yeah, what about her?" I asked handing him the bottle of Jack. " She's never been here before and neither have her friends. I would be willing to bet she is a fan and looking to have sex with a rock star," he said handing the bottle of Jack back to me. " How can you tell?" I asked perplexed at how he knew. " Watch the women when they come around, listen to their words, and if you've never seen them here before , more than likely they are hook ups, just looking to say she fucked a rock star." " Now, there are a select few that are actually groupies here, but you probably haven't noticed them," he said motioning toward another group of women. " Those women are the best to have around." " Why?" I asked. " Because son , those women are not in it for the fame and they are not in it for the sex. They are here because they love the band. They're kind of like the girlfriend without the attachments; the mother's we all left behind. They will take care of your every need and then some; they truly love the music," he said walking away toward the girls at the end of the hall. I slipped into a deep coma that night when I fell asleep. ~AASS~ Before we knew it , three damn years had passed, and life was going great. We had another album getting ready to hit. This time I didn't have to call my parents to borrow the money. The record company was footing the bill on the new record, and all the promotions for the album. " All right boys, what do you say about going on tour?" Jasper asked walking through the door. " Well, all right," said Garrett. The rest of us whooped and hollered. " All right," Jasper said motioning his hands for us to calm down. " The tour starts in four days . You will be living on a tour bus; so make sure you pack everything you need. You will be touring the country as the opening act to AC/DC," he said; the whoops and hollers started again. Finally, at the age of twenty-three , the band had finally made it somewhere. There wasn't any guarantee that it would lead to stardom, but we were better than we were when we first headed to LA. For the next six-months, we would tour the US, with our last stop being in New York. We would be staying at the famous Gramercy Park Hotel. Another dream would be to see Max's Kansas City Diner. After the tour , we would be given a three-month break where we would get back in the studio to record our third album. I called my mom to tell her the good news. " We finally made it mom," I shouted into the phone , no sooner than she picked up. " Oh, baby I knew you would," she said. I could hear the excitement in her voice. " Carlisle, Edward said they made it," she said hollering at dad in the background. " Seattle is one of the stops. Do you think you can come?" I asked looking over the itinerary of shows. " Oh my gosh! Yes Edward , let us know and we will be there," she said. I talked to my mother for a few minutes longer. I had to get off the phone ; we had one more show at 'The Whiskey' before we pulled out tomorrow. A couple of hours later , I climbed on the stage and played my heart out. Right before we took a break , I noticed a pretty little brunette at the back of the building. I didn't know who she was, but I had seen her a couple of times hanging out. She partied with a group of other girls and the others usually did things ... to help the band. A/N: All right guys we have followed Edward and the band on their little adventure into this rock world I have created. The whiskey does exist and was the start of a lot of bands in the eights. Hence, the title 'Down at the Whiskey' a song written and performed by Motley Crue that talks about their time spent down at the whiskey. The next chapter we will meet our Bella, but she won't use the name Bella. Remember, this story will update on the second week of the month, if that schedule changes I want to make sure you will get your updates. I will also make notes at the beginning or A/N at the end to let you know. So, please before you go hit the follow button. ~Thanks.