swept all over me, divesting me of my shirt and bra before finally settling on my bare ass. "You feel so perfect, pet," he whispered. He squeezed my ass, and I moved faster, spurred on by a desire to see and feel him come. "Oh, fuck." I leaned forward and braced myself on his shoulder, pressing my boobs further into his face. One of his hands left my bum and found my clit; he pulled it, flicked it, and rolled it relentlessly, until I was the one crying, 'Oh fuck,' and riding out a second, epic, climax. "Bella, pet, I need to ..." Suddenly heat and throbbing filled me as he yelled my name over and over again. I collapsed against his pounding chest, listening to his erratic, uneven breathing settle. The heat from his body was intoxicating, and when his arms came around me, I felt safe and protected. The last person to make me feel so was my mother. "Thank you," I eventually murmured. "Thank you, Bella." He rubbed a thumb across my swollen lips and I sucked it into my mouth. His lips shuffled along my jaw to my ear, and he nibbled my lobe. "You're still inside me," I observed. "I don't want to be anywhere else, pet. Since the moment I met you, I've wanted to be connected to you. I can't quite believe you're finally letting me." "You make it sound as though you think you'll lose me if you come out of me." He looked up and turned my face towards him. "Aye, that's exactly how I feel. You were distant for so long, and now I understand why, but I'm still afraid that when you realise how much you mean to me, you'll get scared and run away." A lone tear sprung up and thenescaped from my eye. "I can see why you feel that way. You've had to be patient and chase me, not knowing why I've been so skittish, like, and I'm sorry." "Ach, it's all right." "It's not. Edward, you are the man of my dreams, and my dreams don't normally come true. If you stay with me, I'll probably freak out from time to time and try to push you away." "I'm not going anywhere, Bella. Bottom line, do you want to be with me, long term, like?" "Yes." "And Annie, too?" "Of course, she's amazing. And Seth?" "The happiest kid in Tyneside who's a Toon Army fan 'til he dies?' I adore him, pet." I curled my arms around his neck, and Edward curled his around my waist before manoeuvring us so that we were lying down, with me on top of him. Then, he slipped out of me, leaving me cold and empty. Instantly, I understood what he meant about our connection. Edward tangled his fingers in my hair, fingers heavy with my scent, and kissed the top of my head. I snuggled against him, and before I knew it, we both fell asleep. The sound of a phone ringing roused me from slumber. It was the ringtone for my dad's house. I opened my eyes to bright sunlight streaming into the house. A glance at the clock on the TV showed that we had slept through the night; it was nearly eight o'clock. "Too early," Edward mumbled. During the night, we had turned, so we were on our sides, facing each other. My head throbbed slightly, I was sore, and we had made an almighty mess of each other's clothes and my sofa, but otherwise, I felt bloody wonderful. "It'll be Seth, love." I extracted myself from his arms and went to retrieve my phone from my handbag. "Morning baby, how was the match?" " Mam, Mam, I met some of the players! Gosling and Taylor said hello and Cissé waved at me!" My son barely drew breath as he talked. " And afterwards, Grandpa Charlie took me to Pizza Hut and I had a whole pepperoni pizza all to myself. Next time we go to St James's Park, Grandpa says Annie can come too if Edward agrees. Do you think Edward will let her come?" I glanced over at Edward who had sat up and was rubbing his face, his chestnut hair sticking up on one side, matted on the other. When he caught me looking, he gave me his crooked, dimply grin and strode over. My heart fluttered and my tummy clenched when he took me in his arms. "I'm pretty sure he will, but you can ask for yourself later when Grandpa Charlie brings you home for lunch." " Edward's coming for lunch? Even though Annie's at her Mam's house this weekend?" "Aye, that's right, baby. Edward's going to be here." "For a long time," Edward whispered into my other ear. "As long as you want me, pet." As his lips caressed the side of my neck, I realised that there was never going to be a limit to wanting Edward Cullen. Author's note: AS LONG AS YOU WANT ME GOT SECOND PLACE! Thank you all so much for voting and tweeting and leaving such lovely reviews. I wasn't sure how a gentle, Daddy/SurgeonWard with a strong Geordie accent would go down, but apparently he goes down very well! As some of you know, I work in healthcare and have spent a lot of my working life in hospitals, and actually, the medical scenarios in the story are both ones I have seen and worked through. If you haven't heard the distinctive Newcastle/Geordie accent, Google it! It's very unusual. I live only a couple of hours away from the area, and one of my best friends lives there, so I know and love the place, the people and the accent. I will probably extend the story with an EPOV and a few chapters, but it won't be a long one, and I won't be doing it for a while as I'd like to make more headway with The Fox first. CC xxx