her. Something I wouldn't dare do while she was awake. I pulled back, not really wanting to, but not about to force my tongue down her throat while she was asleep. I heard her whisper, "Baby...I love you." I couldn't help but smile. She was somehow still asleep. She was fucking me in her dream and yet still telling me she loved me. Maybe this meant we could go back to the way things were before? I kissed her nose, I loved her nose. "Baby, I love you, too. So fucking much. I promise, this trip is going to be amazing for us. You'll see," I whispered to her. Then I heard a slight snore. I shook my head, smiling. I kissed her forehead, leaned back in my chair and chuckled. Only Bella. I sighed and closed my eyes. I love this girl so fucking much, I'd do anything for her. Anything at all. Now if only this fucking hard-on would go away on its own... . . . . I must have dozed off for a bit. I opened my eyes, yawning and checking my watch. I must have been out for a good twenty minutes. Just twenty? Damn. I looked down at Bella. Still asleep, although no longer snoring. I shook my head again and kissed her forehead. My Bella. My Bells. Just then, I heard the curtain open a ways in front of us. There stood the blonde, looking clearly miffed that I hadn't just drooled and followed her to the back. I vaguely wondered how long she had been waiting. Ah, I didn't really fucking care. Like I said, I've got my perfect woman in my arms. Nobody and nothing else matters. The blonde gave me the evil eye and started to make her way towards me. I sighed in annoyance. Was she fucking kidding me? Didn't my not meeting her in the back like she offered been obvious enough that I wasn't interested? This was just getting fucking ridiculous. Okay, no more being polite. I needed to put this bitch in her place and fast. A hand shot out and interrupted her stride. Some old guy was trying to get her attention for another blanket or something. She very reluctantly stopped and helped him. I turned and kissed Bella's lips one more time, not caring in the least if the blonde saw. And then I grabbed Bella's left hand and kissed the bare spot on her ring finger. God, I loved her for that. How fucking amazing a feeling it was to take her hand earlier and find she had taken them off. I was going to ask her to once we got to the garage, out of respect for our trip but really more so for me. She was with me for four days. I didn't think it was that outrageous of a request. But she had done it all on her own. And for me. For us . I had never wanted to grab her and make love to her so much than I did right there. I wanted to make love to her for hours, not caring that it was Edward's bed or not. Or if he'd come home to find me making his wife scream my name in his bed or not. But she had pulled me out of my fantasy and quickly. I was thankful because I was about to let my dick run the show. But the sound of her voice tugged at my heart and reminded me exactly why I didn't. Why I was holding back, waiting. Why I was doing everything I was to keep her with me, to take care of her, to protect her from getting hurt. I love her. I kissed her finger one more time and then lowered her hand gently. I leaned my head back, seeing the blonde glaring at me. I gave her one hell of a cocky smile. She scoffed and turned away, heading back to the curtained area, her ass no longer shaking. Well, guess that was the end of my drink run. I leaned forward a little and pulled out one of the magazines we had bought, flipping it over. Cosmo. I chuckled and opened it eagerly. I didn't give a shit if anyone saw me reading it. Yeah, it's a chick mag but like Bella said, the articles are really the important part. I smirked when I remembered how she had teased me in the store. I checked the table of contents and flipped straight to '15 Of the Hottest Sex Tips Every Couple Should Know'. I started reading through. Check. Check. Check. Kind of. Check. Wait, hold on. No, we definitely have not done that. Shit, we need to. I looked down at Bella and tried to imagine her in that position. I took a deep breath and felt my dick get even harder if it were possible. Fuck. We were doing it. Even if I had to wait 'till we got back home thanks to Fuckward's bullshit. We were definitely fucking doing that. I went through the rest of the list. For the most part, we had done pretty much everything. Only a couple of things to try out. And I was fucking excited for them. And anyone who was sitting near me and Bella could tell I was excited, too. Then I turned to the section titled: '7 Sex Toys That Are Already In Your Bedroom'. And for the first time, I was really grateful for the vibration option on my phone. Speaking of vibrations, I wondered if Bella had brought the gift I had given her. I looked down at her sleeping face, sighed and kissed her forehead one more time. I smiled and turned back to the article. Well, if she had forgotten it in the...aftermath of everything, it was no problem. I would improvise and just have to pull something out of my stash. I smirked as I turned the page.