to say that you matured more as you got older?" laughed Jasper. "Yes." I laughed with him. "But no matter the situation every lady hates being called old" I threw my book at him, which he easily caught. "So," I said, recovering from my giggles, "what about you and Alice?" I regretted asking as soon as I saw his face fall. "Well," he sighed placing my book on the table "I am sure you have noticed that we are not together?" I nodded. "Well about six years after leaving she started to become very distant with me. I thought that she blamed me for snapping at you causing Edward to push to leave. I thought that if I gave her some time she would come back to me, but still she continued to pull away. Finally after about a month of this I had enough and just left, telling her that no matter what was going on I could handle it and when she was ready to tell me all she had to do was call." "What was it Jasper?" "Something that I knew would happen eventually but was hopping wouldn't," he slumped more into the chair. "I will never bet against Alice again," he said to himself, then looked to me "Years before we met you Bella, Alice had a vision of her finding her true soul mate and it wasn't me. She told me that I was what she and her heart needed at the time but I was not her true mate." I gasped and Jasper just nodded. "I loved her anyway, knowing that eventually I would step aside let her go to another." "So she found her true mate?" "When she started to pull away she had another vision of him and he was getting closer. She was hoping that by pulling away little by little that when she did leave me it would not hurt so bad." "Let me tell you from experience, that just makes it worse." Jasper just nodded. We sat there in silence for awhile before he spoke again. "You know it hurt for a while, but now that she is with him and she is happy, I get hope there is someone for me." You know there is," I patted his leg. "I have always believed that there is someone for everyone, it just takes some longer to find them." "I guess it really is not that bad. I am still part of her life as a brother now and William is not that bad of a guy. He takes really good care of her, so doting on her." Then he looked to me. "You know when I left to go on my own she said that I would find you. Made me promise to give you a letter when I did. I keep it with my things at each hotel I stay at just incase. She just kept saying that 'when you find Bella you will find what you are looking for.'," he smiled. "So when do I get my letter?" I teased him. "We could go and get it now if you wish?" he looked at his watch. "It's only a little before 3:30. My hotel is not that far from here." "As much as I would like to I really can't. I too have a meeting at four o'clock and I would rather spend my last few minutes just talking." I grinned and leaned back still working on my coffee. "So you said you were meeting friends of Carlisle's today?" "Yes I am sure you know that the Volturi live near here?" I nodded fighting a smile, although I did hear a snort behind me. "Well the leaders are very old friends of Carlisle's, you know he stayed with them for a while?" Again I nodded, fighting the urge to laugh. "The last time I talked with Carlisle I told him that I becoming bored just traveling, that I wanted to do something with myself. I wanted to feel useful again." He shrugged "When I told him I was in Italy he told me to look them up, that maybe they could find me a job." "I am sure they could find you something." I smiled slightly, starting to think. "What if they offered you a spot on the guard?" "I don't know. I know that it is kind of extreme. That once you are part of the guard there is no turning back. I think as long as they allow me to keep my eating habits then I think I could handle whatever they throw at me." "The guard is much different then you think." I said, smiling to myself. "Well Jasper," I stood up before he could say something, "I really need to get going. I have a few people I need to talk to before my own meeting." I turned to gather my things and to signal Michael and Andrew to start walking. "Wait!" Jasper grabbed my book off the table before I could take it, "how am I to contact you to be able to see you again?" he held out my book. "You'd be surprised where I pop up at Jasper." I smiled, shoving my book in my bag. "But hand me your phone." I turned around for his phone. "I will put my number in your contact list." He handed me his phone. "You can call me when you want. If I don't answer just leave a message," I said handing him back the phone. "Thank you Bella," he quickly hugged me to him. "It was great to see you again. I sure have missed you." He slightly pushed me away his hands on my shoulders. "You know it is nice to spend time with you and not worry about killing you." "Thanks Jasper" I shoved him playfully. "Every lady wants to hear that, too." I grabbed my bag and started walking away. "I am sure we will see each other soon."