themselves. As he considered them less than human, he killed as many as he could get his hands on. He was wringing the last breath out of one such creature when he noticed something move in a distant copse of bushes. His attention was caught. A gleam of copper shone for a moment in the moonlight. Carlisle dropped his dead victim and scented the air. The person in the bushes moved again, casting a corpse to the ground. At lightning speed, Carlisle approached the shadowy figure, stopping twenty feet away, just far enough not to be considered a threat. The vampire was dressed as a G.I. Joe and had a rifle and ammo belt slung over his shoulders. He licked blood from his lips and raised his head. They stared at each other. Carlisle's heart cracked wide open. He spread his arms. "Edward! Love!" Edward raised his hand to his lips. He slowly kissed his fingers and turned them toward Carlisle. Then he turned his back and began to dart away. "Not this time!" Carlisle roared, flinging himself after him. Edward was no longer a newborn, and Carlisle was determined to outrun him. After a long sprint, they collided in the muck and toppled into a bomb crater, tumbling to a stop amidst fly-ridden, stinking corpses. Edward crouched to jump and Carlisle was on him, knocking his helmet off. Edward clawed and snarled, punched and kicked and bit, but Carlisle wouldn't let him go. He was still bigger than Edward, but both of them were becoming slimy with putrescent goo. Carlisle held onto Edward for dear life, all the while telling him that he loved him and he was sorry and he wanted him to come home. The sun peeked over the top of the crater before Edward huffed a laugh and surrendered. "Oh, fuck, Carlisle. How am I supposed to make it back to my unit now?" Carlisle, wary of a trick, didn't let go of him. "Please don't go away. My life is meaningless without you." Edward bolted to his feet and slapped his hands down on his thighs. "Well! At least you've learned something in the time I've been gone." "Why did you leave without talking to me?" Edward's black eyes flashed fire. "You called us abominations! You said we deserved hellfire just for being in love." He marched over to Carlisle and booted him in the chest, then hauled him up by the remains of his shirt and shook him so hard his teeth rattled. "You ruined me. Ruined!" Carlisle placed his thumbs on Edward's cheeks and wiped away blood and guts. "I ruined us both. I was wrong. Judge not, lest ye be judged ." Edward's expression of loathing melted into grief. "If that's all you've learned, I'll be going now." "No. Please. Teach me." "The verse that grieves you so much about homosexuality is in Leviticus, which is in the Old Testament." "Yes." "There's nothing else in the Bible that forbids me from dedicating my heart and body to one man. The New Testament forbids orgies and other debauched behavior. But that's equally applicable to all adults." "I know." "Carlisle," Edward said, placing his palms on Carlisle's chest, "When Christ came, what happened?" "He reconciled God and man." Edward nodded. "He came to free us from eternal punishment, to free us from Mosaic Law, under which all men fall short of perfection. To those who belong to Christ, the old laws no longer apply. Being queer is no more of a sin than eating bacon. And nobody can remove us from the hand of God because He won't let us fall. You and I belong to God, Carlisle." Carlisle's eyes opened. " There is therefore now no condemnation …" He searched Edward's expressionless face for any sign of forgiveness. "I didn't understand." "Most people don't." "Will you please give me another chance?" "This is your only chance, lover. I won't go through this shit again. I'll light us both on fire first. Better to burn with you than burn alone." "Don't say that!" "It's been twenty years of hell!" Edward roared in his face. Carlisle bowed his head. "I've missed you every second of every single day." "You know what day this is, don't you?" Carlisle searched his internal clock. He gazed at Edward in astonishment. "Twenty years …" "And twenty hours." "Happy birthday, my love." Edward snorted. "It is now." "Yeah. Who would have thought?" His smile faded. "You know, once, I had something special, but I've never been properly kissed." "I'm going to kiss you now." Edward grimaced. "I think you have Nazi brains on your cheek." "Nobody said I was perfect." He spat on his palms and scrubbed at his face. Edward did likewise. Then they let their hands fall to their sides and stood a little awkwardly. Carlisle enfolded Edward in his arms. He kissed him thoroughly, with increasing passion, until they were in danger of getting carried away and desecrating a mass grave. Far distant guns began to pop. Edward broke the kiss, scratching his fingers through Carlisle's regulation cut hair. "Miss me?" "You have no idea." "I think I do." Edward picked up his helmet and put it on. He had a look around, picked a helmet out of the muck, wiped if off, popped it onto Carlisle's head and rapped on it. "Want to go slay some monsters together?" Carlisle asked, offering Edward his hand. "No. I want to go home." It took a little doing, but they made it back to the States. They witnessed wars and times of peace. They voted in every election, saw the birth of rock and roll, and television, and marched for Civil Rights, Women's Rights and Gay Pride. Both of them became anonymous benefactors to their communities, and known Stregoni Benefici . And on the 26th of June, 2015, wearing snazzy black tuxedos, they made forever official, and kissed each other in a church, in front of God and everyone.