through the swinging door from the kitchen, wiping her hands on her apron as she reached up to brush a strand of hair that had escaped from her ponytail. He looked up, embarrassed at being caught, but the words he was going to say died on his tongue as he met her warm brown eyes. He'd never seen her in person, but he slept with her picture under his pillow for most of the past eighteen years. Her eyes were familiar though—they matched his perfectly, something that made him stand out in his blue-eyed family. "Jasper?" Her voice was shaky, and she covered her mouth with a trembling hand as she took in his tall frame, soft blond curls, and achingly familiar face. She shook her head in denial as her mind tried to comprehend who she was seeing. The black and gold letterman's jacket with bold cream lettering was hard to deny. Whitlock. "No. It's not possible!" "It's me, Momma. It's JJ—Jasper Junior," he assured her as he reached for her hand and pulled his tattered picture from his pocket. Her eyes welled up with fresh tears as she looked from the teenage girl with the tiny baby to the grown man before her. A strangled sob left her mouth as she ran around the counter and threw herself into his arms. Neither paid attention to the door opening behind them, until her husband's voice broke through their bubble. "Bella? Love? Who is this?" It was Edward's turn to gasp when the tall boy released his mother and turned to face him. Edward stepped back, wholly unprepared for the sight before him. He didn't catch the details that Bella had seen—all he saw was the familiar face and frame of the man who saved his life all those years ago. He pressed his clenched fists against his eyes and shook his head violently as he dropped his cane and staggered back. Bella darted over to support him, while JJ just stood there, unsure what to do. "Shh, Eddie. Shh. It's okay. Everything is okay. I'm here. You're here. Listen to me. Listen to my voice. I love you, Edward. I love you…" Bella kept up a steady stream of reassuring murmurs as she wrapped her small arms around her husband and pulled his head down to rest on her narrow shoulder. Everything was tense for several long heartbeats, until Edward let out a gasping breath, and then choked on a sob as he sagged against her. JJ stepped behind her to catch them as they fell to ground, and she spared him a smile over her shoulder in thanks. Edward tried to work through the horrifying flashback, the one he had always tried his best to keep from his wife. He saw the sunny Texas boy who had charmed their whole company. He saw the grenade coming straight for them, with no time to react, and nowhere to go. He felt the powerful burn of the explosives as he was shoved aside, his left leg taking the brunt of the force, beneath the body of his fallen brother. Tears poured down his face as he saw the light go out of Jasper's sky blue eyes, his honey blond curls caked with blood, grease, and soot. "He saved me." It was a near-silent whisper, but one he had no choice but to give voice to. He raised his head and looked Jasper's son in the eye. "Your father saved my life." JJ's response was interrupted by the bell above the door and a very loud herd of kids. They ran straight for the counter, paying no attention to their parents and the stranger huddled together on the floor. The oldest boy was the first to notice them, and he hurried over as Edward began to heave himself to his feet. "Here, Pops, let me help you. How did you end up down there anyway?" The boy was only fourteen but already stood nearly as tall as his father, and he chided him in a very adult tone of voice. He finally turned his brown eyes to see the man standing close to his mother, and his eyebrows furrowed in confusion. Bella's eyes filled with tears again as her boys saw each other for the first time. She kept one hand on JJ's elbow and led him closer to his younger brother. "Jas- I mean, JJ, this is your brother. CJ, this is Jasper Whitlock." Jasper cocked his head at his mother and gave her a smile that took her back almost two decades. "JJ and CJ, huh? You got a thing for initials, Momma?" Edward stepped forward between the two boys, unable to keep his distance any longer. "He's named after my father—and yours too, son. His full name is Carlisle Jasper Cullen." Bella's eyes stared back at him from Whit's familiar face, but Edward held that conflicting gaze with all his might. JJ sized him up and then glanced at his brother and smiled again. "That's a fine name, CJ. A real fine name." Just then, their daughters came running in from the back room in a dizzying assortment of browns, greens, and reds, making JJ smile even more. He loved his Uncle Peter, but he'd always longed for a mother, and he wouldn't have minded some siblings as well. Since he was going to be attending college in Seattle, maybe he could get to know the rest of his family. Deciding to take advantage of the momentous day, Bella and Edward closed the diner they had become the proud proprietors of and headed out to take their oldest son home. She had another aching flash of déjà vu when she felt JJ's hand at her back, gently guiding her through the door after Edward. And like that first day so many years before, she was filled with nerves and excitement. She knew that a tall, blond-haired boy would change her life once more. Just as his father had.