. Jacob couldn't hold back a growl at the thought of finally marking Embry. The other wolf had become essential to the alpha pair, and Jake was nearly quivering with barely-constrained power as his fingers gently probed, easing their way into Embry's impossibly-tight heat. Bella gasped as Embry curled his fingers inside her, stroking her g-spot as he swirled his tongue over her clit. She fell apart with a low keen and Jacob took the opportunity to press his own fingers firmly against Embry's prostrate, receiving a loud growl in response. It was time. At Jacob's urging, Embry rose to his knees, bringing Bella along with him, and pulled her further down so he could stand at the end of the bed. Jacob leaned around him and captured one of Bella's nipples with his free hand. She fisted her hair as they worked her over, losing herself in the sensations until Jake's voice brought her back. "Bells?" She knew what he was asking—her mate, her lover, the wolf the spirits chose for her—and she nodded her acquiescence. There was no going back from this, but they had no doubts. Embry belonged with them. With an intense look, Embry lined himself up and pushed into her with one long, smooth stroke. He moved slowly in and out a few times, before he felt Jacob's hands on his hips standing close behind him, and his alpha's heavy cock nudging his entrance. Embry paused, frozen, as Jake worked his way in with shallow thrusts until his hips were pressed tightly against the firm globes of Embry's ass. Jacob nibbled the tendon in his neck, and Embry dropped his head back to rest on his lover's shoulder. Bella raised her hips to bring his attention back to her, and Jacob followed him down, pushing forward until Embry was completely surrounded. The pain he felt from his imprint was overshadowed by the joy he felt with his lovers. "Just– just wait… for a second," Embry panted, suddenly overwhelmed by the intense physical sensations combined with the emotional significance of this moment. Bella reached up to trace her hands down his chest, while Jake wrapped him up in his strong arms and buried his face in Embry's hair. His alpha's soft rumbling growl helped to center him, and he finally nodded that he was ready. Jacob pulled out slowly, and then pushed back in at the same pace. Embry groaned as the motion pushed him deeper into Bella, filling him as he filled her. Bella stared at the men above her, trying to capture the memory of this moment. When their pace picked up, her hands went to her breasts and her clit, pulling and circling as she was pushed toward her orgasm. Embry leaned down and lifted her up so she sat on the edge of the bed, her legs spread wide to accommodate him. He felt her walls begin to tighten and sped up his pace, pushing himself into her as he thrust back against Jacob with each withdrawal. Bella gasped when Embry's eyes took on the distinct yellow hue she associated with the wolves, and she knew that this was it. Her head tipped back in submission when she felt his teeth graze the right side of her neck, opposite where Jake had left his own mark. Jacob watched them closely, and when Embry set his teeth to Bella's neck, he quickly followed suit. He was in charge now, gripping Embry's hips tightly as he pounded relentlessly into his newest mate, sinking his teeth deep in Embry's flesh as he filled the wolf with his release. Embry bit down almost on reflex as he felt Jacob fill him from inside and from the claiming bite on his neck. As soon as Bella's blood touched his tongue, the circle was complete. A feeling of warmth built up in Embry's chest, snapping the withered and aching imprint chord and replacing it with a living, growing three-fold bond. Bella gasped as she felt her connection with Embry become a physical tie, as familiar as her imprint with Jacob. She still felt that bond just as strongly, but her heart seemed to expand to hold both her wolves. Her eyes rolled back in her head as the waves of pleasure washed over her, and Embry's seed spilled inside her. Jacob pulled his teeth from Embry's neck and let out a loud roar. He felt a surge of power as his strength was increased with the additional support of a second mate. He had already felt responsible for Embry, but now that bond truly went both ways. He had the same equal connection with Embry that he shared with Bella. His wolf wanted to howl it to the world. The entire pack could hear and feel that their Alpha had a new mate. They knew it was coming, and most felt happy for the trio, even if they didn't truly understand. Jake was a good alpha, and they could all see the changes in Embry since losing his imprint. He'd slowly come back to almost his old self, and they knew they owed that to Bella and Jake's care. The three collapsed on the bed, this time with Jake in the middle, and Bella and Embry curled up on each side of his chest. They panted heavily from the efforts of their lovemaking and the emotional changes they'd experienced. Bella found her voice first. "Did you feel that? The connection?" The boys hummed their agreement and Jake squeezed them both tightly. He brushed a kiss to the top of Bella's head, smoothing his hand down her back to help her calm before looking at Embry. He tilted his head to kiss other mate, taking his time and savoring the new depths of their bond. For the first time since taking on the position of alpha, Jacob felt he was truly up to the task. With his mates beside him, there was nothing he couldn't do. They were unbreakable.