even get my attention. But you Leah, you have it, you have me and I want to keep it that way. So what do you say to an old fashioned marriage between two people who aren't imprinted? Leah will you marry me?"-Paul asked. Finally the day had come when he was going to ask Leah to marry him. He thought he'd pass out before dinner was over but he did it. Now all he needed to hear was a three-letter word. When Leah smiled he smiled and began opening the box. "Paul my answer is an absolute…no!"-Leah said disgusted. "What?"-Paul asked shocked. "Is that supposed to be the ring?"-she asked looking at the open ring box. "Yeah what's wrong?"-Paul asked confused. He thought it was nice and it took him an entire month to find it. Well, it took him an entire month to find the cheapest thing he could find but still. "That little ass ring?"-Leah said. "You don't like it?"-he asked. Patrons began either turning around to pretend they weren't listening as to spare Paul some embarrassment or leaned closer to see the spectacle. "Like it? I can't even see it!"-Leah exclaimed as she stood up. "Hold up. You mean to tell me you're turning me down because the ring is small?"-Paul asked standing. "Yup."-Leah nodded. "I don't have any money how the hell am I supposed to get you a bigger ring?"-Paul shouted, shoving the ring box in her face. Leah slapped his hand. "You're a wolf break into a jewelry store and steal one."-she whispered as if it was obvious. He gawked at her. "Are you crazy? I'm not going to break into a jewelry store."-he hissed. They lowered their voices since they were talking about phasing and uh…theft! "Because you've never stolen before right?"-Leah said, crossing her arms. "Oh my goodness that was like ages ago. I don't do that anymore. And besides, where would I put the ring if I'm phased? I'd have to swallow it. Is that what you want? Do you want a shit ring because I'd have to shit it out in order to get it back."-he hissed. "It'd be better than that…dust mite you call a ring."-she waved her hand dismissively at the ring box. "I can't believe this."-Paul threw his hands up. "Go and get a ring I don't need a telescope to see it with and then I'll say yes. M'k"-she said, grabbed her clutch and switched out of the restaurant. Paul stood there with his mouth open before slamming money on the table. Luckily he's too crazy to be embarrassed. "Sir it's been comped."-the waiter said; he tried not to make eye contact. They were so going to talk about this in the kitchen. A man sitting by their table felt for Paul and had quickly paid for his tab the moment things went left so Paul could make a hasty retreat. Paul snatched his money up and stormed out after Leah. Back at the Clearwater house the pack was hanging out watching a movie. "Uh oh."-Embry said as he went over to the window. "What is it? A leech?"-Sam asked, getting ready to take off. "Nope, Leah and Paul are back and they're arguing."-he said. He has the best hearing in the pack so he could hear them before everyone else. "Oh God when don't they."-Seth said. "No, this is different."-Embry said and they got up and went outside just as they pulled into the driveway. Leah had hopped out with Paul right behind her. Sue came downstairs to see what was going on. "I can't believe you Leah."-Paul screamed. "Well believe it."-Leah screamed back. "What's going on?'-Sue asked "I asked Leah to marry me."-Paul said to the room. Everyone gasped before clapping. This made sense. Paul proposed so it's only natural that they'd be arguing. "No it gets better. She said no !"-he shouted. Every gasped again and looked at Leah. "Leah, how could you?"-Emily asked. Yeah she was there going over recipes with Sue. Leah looked at her like she was scum and Emily shut right up. "Leah honey why'd you say no? I mean it's your right but…"-Sue asked trying to get to the bottom of things. "You wanna know why Sue? Because the ring is, what'd you call it, a dust mite!"-Paul exclaimed. "Ouch." "Damn that's cold."-some said. "Leah you didn't?"-Seth whined. "Yup I sure did. I'll say yes when he presents me with a proper ring. Until then bye bitch."-Leah shrugged and went upstairs, slamming her door. Everybody just stood there looking at Paul or trying not to look at Paul. Awkward. "Uh…I'll go talk to her Paul. See if I can talk some sense into her. It'll be alright."-Sue offered, pat him on the shoulder and went to talk to Leah. "So uh, the rabbit is in one piece, right?"-Jacob smiled. Paul threw his keys at him, opened the door ripping its hinges and phased mid stride off into the woods. "Dude your sister is brutal."-Quil laughed. "I know."-Seth sighed AN : Hope you like! I've been wanting to write this forever. Finally I did it. After I wrote it I had to go back and reread Poisonous Cereal to ensure I was consistent with the content and thankfully I was. I cringed at how cheesy the last chapter in PC was though *gag* but it made sense to balance out their crazy. Things seem to disappear, add on or switch up when I upload my docs. It's weird and annoying. The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few…so I need you to read and I need you to review…or I'll make you watch the new fast and furious movie. I mean seriously enough already! Like they're still doing those? There is no way it's making a profit. They should've stopped at around FIVE. Goodness *uncle Si voice*. And to top it off nobody in that movie can act. Just no for the love of humanity NO!