Alice's shoulder and on was being carried out of the room. "Alice, put me down." I ordered before looking at Jasper and Emmett. "Guys, a little help?" "Sorry, but I'm too stupid to help." Emmett pointed out, grinning smugly at me from the couch. I turned to Jasper for help, my eyes pleading. But he just smiled widely while waving goodbye. "Traitors!" I yelled as Alice started carrying me down the stairs, Bella following behind with her head down. I've never really been a shopper; I didn't have the patience for it. Walking from store to store carrying bags of clothes, trying on different things to see if they fit right, seeing something cute but not having the money to pay for it. Normally I would suffer through it for a couple of hours when mom wanted to go, but mom never made me get up early for it. I complained all the way down to the Cullen's fancy black car and only stopped when Alice promised we would stop and get something for breakfast. It wasn't anything special; we just stopped at a fast-food place, but I got food and that improved my mood towards shopping considerably. X-X-X "Oh my god! I am in love!" I cried excitedly, holding the soft fabric to my face. It was dark blue with silver elephants on it. Seeing as elephants were my favorite animals, it drew my attention right away. "Then you should get it." Alice told me, skipping over to join me at the stand selling scarves. I checked the price tag and almost dropped the scarf on the floor. "Yeah, I don't have enough money." I said as I returned the scarf to the hook I had found it on. I was surprised by how much I had enjoyed shopping with Alice, even though she made me try on almost everything in sight. She did just about all the work for me, finding clothes and accessories that went together. It was like having my own personal stylist. I think even Bella enjoyed herself. "Well, you could always let me buy it for you." Alice said, shrugging her shoulders. "I told you it wasn't that big a deal." I shook my head. "No. Alice, I don't want you paying for my stuff." Even though she had told me at least five times though out the day that it was fine, I wouldn't let her pay for any of my clothes. It just didn't seem right letting someone else pay for my stuff. She had tried to do the same for Bella but my sister turned her down as well. With one last look at the scarf, I started walking towards another store that we hadn't been in yet. Bella followed behind me and the two of us starting looking through one of the clothes racks. Alice showed up a few minutes later, arms full with clothes, and started ushering Bella and I towards the dressing rooms. We played fashion show for a few more hours until Alice was finally satisfied. Arms loaded with bags, Bella and I carrying some of Alice's, we made our way towards the car. With the truck full, and bags taking up half of the backseat, we started to make our way back to Forks. "Alice, I'm hungry." I whined, looking down at my stomach, "Do you think we could stop somewhere and get something to eat?" Alice didn't say anything, just nodded her head. We drove for a while before we turned off the road and pulling up to a small restaurant. As it was dinnertime, the place was full but we were soon seated in a booth towards the back. Alice ate nothing but instead sat across from Bella and I as we ate are food. When we were finished, she paid the bill before we once again started off towards home. "Hey look, you're alive." Emmett called jokingly as we got out of the car. I shot him a look before walking around to the trunk to get my bags. "I'm mad at you." Emmett came around to the back of the car, grabbing my bags from my hands. "Oh, come on. It couldn't have been that bad, was it?" I shot him another glare before my face softened and I shook my head. "No, it was actually kinda fun." Together the two of us walked over to my truck. It had been a long day and I was ready to go home. Bella didn't join us though. Instead, she made her way back into the Cullen's house to spend more time with Edward. Opening the door, I got behind the steering wheel while Emmett placed my shopping bags in the passenger seat. "Are you still mad at me?" He asked, leaning against the open door. I tried to keep a smile from playing on my lips but was unsuccessful. "No, I'm not still made at you." I said, "I'm not mad at Jasper so make sure you tell him that." Even though the two vampires often bugged me, I could never stay mad at them. They were like the cool older brothers I'd always wanted. Bella was a good sister and all, but she was incredibly boring. It was nice to have someone to joke around and tease. Waving goodbye, I waited for Emmett to close the passenger door before starting the truck and heading off towards home. Authors Note:: I edited the ending for Cullen Bonding Time and like it a whole lot more now. Nice to Meet You is still my favorite of the two though. I just like the interactions between Alex and the boys. In case you were wondering, the song Alex starts jamming out too by herself is Heat of the Moment by Asia. You're welcome to imagine any song you want, it's that's what I was listening to when I wrote the chapter. Thank you so much for reading the first chapter for Heat of Summer! :)