want a lover who will understand Someone who'll touch me with a knowing hand I'm tired of feeling emptiness inside I want to be the one left satisfied I've looked around and now I've made my choice. I'm tired of big talk and I'm tired of the noise. I'm tired of boys. He raked his gaze over her as she reached back and slowly, very slowly slid the zip of her dress down. She let the fabric slide down her body to pool at the floor and stepped out of it. Reaching for her he pulled her into a searing kiss the like of which she had never experienced before. Her shaking hands reached up to undo his tie, and unbutton his shirt. He stilled them with his own, kissing them each in turn her looked her straight in the eye. "Are you sure? There is no going back from this." She nodded and continued to unbutton his shirt, her hands now no longer shaking. Kissing him deeply she whispered. " I've made my choice." With slow, tantalizing movements she unbuttoned first one button, then the second, then the third, and continued onwards dragging her fingernails over the skin exposed until the clothing fell to the floor. She scrapped her nails over his shoulders following the trail with her lips. Her fingers ran down his spine and into his pants as she traced his flesh with eager anticipation. Stopping at the button of his fly Bella looked up into his eyes. Her gaze was met by a bold smirk and a smouldering gaze, which held a desperation he was trying to hide. He wanted her so badly, and the thought gave her amazing confidence. After she had relieved him of his shirt she moved to his pants and slowly, deliberately pulled the zip down, brushing her fingers over his hard length as she did. He shuddered and gasped, pulling her into a fiery kiss that made her melt. They took their time, savouring each other patiently. His hands explored every millimetre of flesh, teasing her breasts and nipples in his hands, running his fingers in slow seductive circles over her thighs and core. They may be eager but both understood a first time only happened once. They were slow, sensual, undressing each other in a passionate, erotic dance which lasted hours or seconds neither were sure until they were lying on her bed, naked and unashamed in each other's arms. His hands roamed her body with the confident surety of a mature man. His lips blazed a trail down her throat to her breasts leaving fire in their wake. She felt like she was going to combust from the heat he caused within her if she didn't get relief soon. The fire that burned hotter than the sun and came from between her legs. He teased and tormented her, bringing her to the edge then back time and time again. Only when she was almost mindless with need did her let her crash over. Bella gave herself to him completely, body and soul and for his part he too held nothing back, giving himself to her unreservedly and in so doing they found only pure ecstasy. They joined themselves not only physically but in every way. And when arching her back off the bed in pure abandon, Bella cried out his name in release followed by the roar of his orgasm they knew they were truly one. "I never thought I would find you." Came his awed whisper. She could only snuggle into him in response, her human lungs not quite as recovered. "I'll stay with you forever if you'll have me." "You want me forever?" she asked in disbelief, her old fears surfacing. "Of course my love, how could I not. I'll turn you the second you are ready." "I'm ready." She whispered moving to straddle him and kiss him again. Edward had spent a couple of hours looking for Bella. Every room he went through he was told she had just left. Was she avoiding him? As the guests started to leave he turned to Alice he asked her again if she had seen Bella. "I'm sorry Edward. She said she was tired and went upstairs." She sank into Jaspers arms. This was going to be hard for Edward to take but it was time. Edward made his way upstairs and walked straight into Bella's room. He had no need to knock, they were engaged. The sight that greeted him broke his heart. Bella and Garrett naked and having sex. Looking to his left he saw the engagement ring he had given her only hours before carelessly discarded on the dresser. Reading Garrett's mind he knew he had lost her, he may never have truly had her. "Why?" he whispered in desperation. Garrett met his eye over Bella's shoulder. He ran through the event's in his mind. Edward watched in defeat as they reached their climax together before Garrett sank his teeth into Bella's neck giving her what she always wanted. What Edward was not man enough to provide. He left the room silently. Vowing he would grow up. He would find a way to be more so that if he ever met someone else he could be the man she needed. Meeting Alice at the base of the stairs as the last of the guests left she said. "You will find her, and soon. Bella was not your forever but you needed each other to get you here." As he left the house Garrett's thoughts reached him again. She said, "I'm tired of boys I'm tired of first dates and I'm tired of toys I want a lover who will understand Someone who'll touch me with a knowing hand I'm tired of feeling emptiness inside I want to be the one left satisfied I've looked around and now I've made my choice. I'm tired of big talk and I'm tired of the noise. I'm tired of boys.