wasn't quite right. A boy about my age was sitting on the roof of the house next to me. He was laying on his back and looking up at the stars. I hadn't seen him before but, later that week, I found out it was Collin Corsini. He had just moved into the house with his parents and sister, Ariana. I sat there for a while, just watching him before realizing how creepy I was being and climbed back inside. I had seen him on some of the clearer nights a few other times since then but not always since, because of the constant rain in La Push, you couldn't sit outside often — unless you had a built in alcove like me. Tonight though, it is not raining, even though there were clouds in the sky that look like they could start storming soon. I glance over towards Collin's house almost out of habit and stifle a gasp when I see Collin sitting out on the roof, leaning against his window, with a textbook open. I debate going back inside but decide that this was my special place way before he even moved to La Push and that I don't have to go anywhere. Instead, I open the latest assigned reading book for school and get started on the chapters we would most likely have a quiz on tomorrow. I'm not sure how long I am reading for but I know I am well into the chapter when I hear a voice near me. Right below me to be exact. "Hey." Startled, I almost loose my balance until I felt a warm hand rest on my ankle to steady me. It is Collin. Of course. "Hey." He repeats, climbing up the side terrace and ducking under the alcove. "Watcha doing?" "What are you doing, Collin?" I ignore his question and shut my book. It isn't that interesting anyway. "Well, I saw you over here and I thought, I don't know, maybe you were out here because you were bored or needed to talk to someone. So...here I am." He flashes me a big, white smile and I have to bite my lip to keep from returning it. "You know, I could call the cops on you. Trespassing is illegal." I threaten but he only grins more. "Nah, you wouldn't do that. 'Sides, I have some friends at Forks PD, they'd let me go." He responds lazily, stretching out his legs and getting comfortable on the roof. His arm casually brushes mine and I ignore the tingles that flow through my arm and up to my shoulder. "So, what's got you out here tonight?" "How do you know I'm not just out here to read Frankenstein ," I say, "and to admire the view?" "Well, for one thing it's raining," He begins, "and, for another, my sister had to read Frankenstein last year — she said it was torture." I look out over the landscape of La Push and notice for the first time that it has begun to drizzle. Oh well, it was nice while it lasted. Of course we are both safe from the storm in my little hideout. "It's not that bad!" I feel the need to defend Mary Shelly. She was probably a very nice lady. "I mean, I've read worse." He chuckles lightly. "But, I guess I was kinda mad at my mom or Troy 'Not Interested Is Seeing You Ever Again' Clayton or whatever. I mean, it's not my fault I hate him and don't even know him yet." "Of course." And even though I'd only just really met Collin and didn't really know him either, I found myself telling him about how my mother had a new boyfriend and how I didn't like him. How he called me darling even though we hadn't met before and how he expected me to get him more wine. Collin listens intently, nodding at the appropriate times and paying more attention to me than anyone ever has. When I finish, we both pause and he nods his head slowly. "I think," He breathes, "that it was probably his fault and that — if we play are cards right — we might be able to argue that it was justifiable homicide." I burst into laughter in surprise and Collin's whole face lights up. We stare at each other for a few beats past comfortable and I can feel my face heating up. I am unsure of what to say but, thankfully, a whoop of laughter sounds from Collin's driveway, effectively breaking our gazes. There is a boy I recognized as Embry Call who has wrapped Collin's sister in a hug around her waist while Jacob Black grabbed a basketball from her and shoots it from the spot he is standing, letting it sink into the basket. "Embry!" Ariana whines loudly while Leah Clearwater crosses her arms and demands a rematch. Quil Attera is off to the side, lounging on the grass and laughing. "Why aren't you down there with them?" I ask, glancing back over at him. He is still looking at me instead of watching the basketball game that is going on at his house. He stays quiet for a little bit longer. "You tell me, Danielle." He finally says. Then he gets up, says goodnight, and climbs back down the trellis. "Goodnight." I mutter long after he is out of hearing distance. So here's chapter 1… more to come! In case you didn't know, this is part of a series! It is book #3 and is precluded by book #.5 Break You Hard (Kim/Jared), book #1 Mirrors (Embry/OC) , and book #2 2 is Better (Seth/OC). I am still working on 2 is Better and you definitely don't have to read the other books in this series to understand what is happening — there is just more information and background on my OC characters that will appear in this story if you're interested. Thanks for reading!