feeling flowed through him it was kind of scary but also really brilliantly wonderful at the same time. The sun was rising and bright pinks and orange colors were painted in the sky as the sun rose. Shadows from the night began to fade. There was a wooded area behind where she was standing on the sidewalk. Jack snuck around to get a better look at her. He hid behind a tree and took a careful glance at her. She was wearing a short white lacy dress with short black boots and black knee socks. Her long black hair was wavy today. The light on her hair was golden. From her bag she took out a phone and clicked on something. There was a dinging noise and she kept tapping the screen. Jack had never seen anything like it before. As he looked at her Jack began to realize that he wanted more than to simply be an impartial observer. He felt an incredible urge to get closer, to look at her face, to hold her in his arms. It would be so soft and warm. Jack was sure that she was very tender and sweet and innocent. "Screw it all!" She yelled shoving her phone back into her bag, "no one likes flappy bird anyway!" Jack was shocked. Had those words come out of her mouth. In a second all his sweet and tender fantasies were crushed like a grape under a bolder. How could she be what he had been dreaming of. She was too strange a human for him to possibly be interested in. What had he been thinking? That he could like a human like that? They were beneath his social status even if he was a human. She was defiantly not the sweet submissive girl he had assumed that she was. Quite sad and disappointed Jack turned around and began to walk back to his house up the hill. The sun was up all the way by the time he reached the house. His family was long asleep now. He jumped back into him window and closed it behind him. He changed into his sleeping clothes and laid down in his coffin. After an hour it became evident that sleep was not willing to be his friend this day and that he was not going to be able to fall asleep. Jack lay looking up at the ceiling thinking about how much that human girl had crushed his hopes and dreams. And how crude she had been and how cute she had been when she shoved her phone back in her bag. The way she looked in knee socks. How weird she was and how much it made him feel magnetized to her. A feeling swelled in his chest and he choked up a bit. Jack let out a groan, his attraction to this strange and wonderful human girl were unavoidable and undeniably true. Jack was in love with a Human and there was nothing he could do about it. CHAPTER 5 Jack laid in his coffin all day waiting for night to come. After what seemed like several unending eternities the sun came up. With the darkness Jack rose a mishmash of mixed emotions and strange thoughts. He pulled on some black slacks and buttoned up a white dress shirt then tucked it in. Jack looked at himself in the mirror( vampires can look in mirrors only humans can't see them) his dark hair was a mess and there were dark circles under his red eyes which looked pretty terrible in contrast to his pale skin. He attempted to brush his wavy hair but the moment he set the hair brush down it popped back to the way it had started. And with that Jack went down stairs. There were voices coming from the parlor and without thinking Jack walked in. He saw his parents and Regina talking to a nice looking vampire man next to whom a familiar face was found. Jack had to resist the urge to let his jaw drop. The girl standing next to the man looked to be about his age, with long black hair, blue eyes, and a very shapely figure. She was wearing a black button up blouse with a grey pencil skirt and black heels. It was her, she was in his house, with vampires, and him. "Jack, these are our new neighbors Mr Peck and his daughter Sabrina, she's about your age I think. We've invited them for dinner tonight," Jack's father said. Sabrina looked at Jack and Jack looked back. Her facial expression was impossible for him to read. "I look forward to meeting you this evening," Sabrina said in a polite but reserved tone of voice. "The feeling is mutual, I'm sure," Jack replied his manners kicking in at last. If she wasn't going to be obvious then Jack wasn't going to be either. He would be as hard to read as her until he could get his brain to proses what he had just seen. A few moments later his mother showed them to the door and they left. Jack was still standing in the same place, wondering what on earth had just happened. The answer seemed obvious the girl who he loved was not off limits anymore. The only problem now was going to be not screwing it up with his complete lack of ladies skills. Jack decided that the best place to think this out would be the shower. This Sabrina seemed to be even worse at being a vampire than he was, she had a phone, she cursed, she went to human school, and went out during the day. The fact that she was a vampire who did human things made his curiosity for her even greater than it had been before. Especially since now he could actually interact with her without worrying about his parents trying to disown him or suck all the blood out of his body.