put her hand on top of mine. "What are you doing just now Bells?" "I'm going home to my bed Lex." "You sure?" Narrowing my eyes I looked at her. "Pretty sure, yeah. I mean, I'm fecking tired." "You're a lang time deid Bells, that's all I'm saying." What on God's green earth is that meant to mean? I turned to fully face her, studying her face. Her eyes were clear and happy, and her lips were smiling at me, just begging for me to kiss them again. She dropped a can of irn bru and a jaeger bomb on the bar in front of me, putting the same in front of herself. "Do you trust me Bells?" I nodded dumbly. "Then drink this, and come with me. It's the first sunrise of the New Year, you don't want to miss this! We've got a wee walk before we get to where we're going but I promise, it's the best view in town." My blind faith in this woman was ridiculous, but I did as she said. Which is how I found myself watching the sunrise from the top of Arthur's Seat, cuddled into her side, swathed in blankets. As the sun emerged slowly over the horizon, bathing Edinburgh in its light, I turned to Lex and watched her. She had her eyes closed and her face angled towards the sun, there was a gentle wind that was blowing her red hair out behind her. God she was so beautiful. "Lex," she turned to me, opened her eyes and smiled, "Mhm?" "You're right. We're a long time deid." With her words from earlier in the evening ringing round my ears, I gently put my fingers under her chin and angled her face towards me before leaning in and softly kissing her. Part of me was expecting rejection. Or at best polite but unenthusiastic reciprocation. What I was not expecting was for Lex to deepen the kiss, slipping one hand around my waist and twisting the other into my hair. She paused for a second and rubbed her nose against mine, "God Bells, I've been waiting nearly three months for you to find your balls and do this, thank the Lord!" I shuffled around, trying to get Mhàiri comfortable in the nook of my arm. I kept my eyes closed and tried to breathe deeply, willing the tears to stop falling. The memories came so clearly, but too much had happened in the ten years since our first meeting. I was a different woman now. Extended AN: - This fic will be a slow burn, I work a lot and I'm trying to get a degree, I cannot promise regular updates. I'm so sorry for that! - Please give me the benefit of the doubt, this is my first foray into writing FanFiction. - Please leave me feedback, I will be so grateful! Edit: A very wise reviewer (SunflowerFran you're a hero) mentioned I should list some pronunciations and translations (I can't believe I didn't think of this myself), please let me know if I've included too many/too few. Here they are: - Seanmhair - grandmother ( Seanair, is grandfather which will come up later) - Cuillin Ridge - is a geographical feature on the Isle of Skye, it's stunningly beautiful I would recommend googling it! - Bairn - small child. - Mhàiri - pronounced sort of like: Marr-ee? Although I do know a lassie called Mhàiri who pronounces it "Marie". However you would like to pronounce it is fine by me. - leannan - I'm not sure of the direct translation but its used by gaelic speakers as an endearment, I suppose it would mean sweetheart or similar. - Mamaidh - Mum - Sgian Dubh - pronounced: ski-an doo, this is the small blade that Scotsman keep in their socks when wearing a kilt. - "ken" - know, so if someone says "do you ken me" it means, do you understand me. It's Scottish slang but not gaelic (as far as I know) - dram - a drink, or a measure. So a dram of whisky would be a drink of whisky. Also sometimes Scots use the work "nip" to mean the same thing. - keep yer heid - something I hear a lot of old Scottish wifies say, it means keep your head, to stay calm in a situation ( wifie - woman. Used the same as lassie but generally speaking to refer to an older woman) - bonnie - pretty - Leagsaidh - Literal pronunciation is: Leg-say, but in the Scottish accent it sounds a lot like lexy, hence the nickname lex. - sassenach - foreigner/someone not from here, so if Lex is from the highlands, some of the Edinburgh folk might be sassenachs to her. - Crabbit - grumpy - skelped - smacked - wheesht ye - Literally: shh you. Also some people say: Hold your wheest, which similarly means be quiet. - Slàinte mhath - I *think* the literal translation is good health? But here in Scotland we use Slàinte mhath as a toast, so it's the equivalent of cheers, and Slàinte can be used by itself. Pronounced Slan-cha Vah (when scots say it, it all sort of runs together and the ch ends up sound like a j : slanjavah) - Lang may your lum reek - another Scottish toast, literally means long may your chimney smoke, it's a toast to good health and fortune and is still very commonly used. - quine - girl - blootered - drunk (the scots have hundreds of words for drunk, I'll try and use as many of them as possible!) - Hogmanay - Scottish New Year - Irn Bru - a scottish fizzy pop drink. - Arthur's Seat - another geological feature. this one overlooks Edinburgh. - The song that Bella sings is Loch Lomond. There will be a lot of Scottish music references in this fic, I'll try and post links to as many as I can.