each tiny button from its hole. She was a whimpering, writhing mess before I reached the bottom. " Paul ," she moaned, sending a shock wave right to my dick. I pressed my hips up against her as I dove back into her mouth, desperate for another taste of her sinfully sweet flavor. When I finally let her up for air again, I hit my knees, smiling up at her for a second as I realized that my wolf was perfectly content bowing before our mate. That shifty fucker was the first one to fight when another wolf challenged us—they would all have a shit fit seeing this tiny woman bring me low. With her breasts perfectly at eye level, I reached around to undo her bra, revealing those beautiful mounds as I tossed the lace somewhere behind me. Her head hit the door with a thump as I sucked one dainty nipple into my mouth. " So hot… " Fuck yeah, I'm hot. Oh, she probably meant my mouth. I still have to tell her about the whole wolf thing… Shaking off those thoughts, I kissed my way down her flat stomach to the top of that tight, sexy skirt. Hell, if I had a teacher that looked like that, I might have gotten better grades in school. I couldn't hold back another growl as I slipped the zipper down and let her skirt pool down around her ankles. Her soft little hands came down to rest on my shoulders as I nudged her feet up one at a time to slip off those sexy-ass heels of hers. Without the extra height she was only a few inches taller than me on my knees. With only the tiniest scrap of material left to cover all that smooth creamy skin, my wolf snapped his tether. Bella let out a startled squeak when I jumped to my feet, pulling her legs around my waist as I moved toward the bed. I needed her to cover my sheets with her scent—with our scents— now . Her eyes widened as I stood over her, ripping off my t-shirt before slowly opening my jeans. I grinned as her eyes shot down when my cock bounced free, and snarled at the delicious little shiver she couldn't hold back. Baby likes what she sees. Unaware of the predator she was facing, she scooted back as I prowled toward her on my hands and knees, not stopping until she hit my pillow and the wall behind her. "Paul?" she asked, quieter and a bit less sure than before. My wolf whined at the faint hint of fear in her voice, and my head dropped to nuzzle her shoulder in reassurance. "Just relax, babe. I want you. I need you." I waited for her to nod before lowering my body down to cover her completely. I dove back into her mouth, relishing the way she dug her nails into my back trying to pull me even closer. She was panting heavily when I moved down her body with little nips and kisses, only stopping when I reached her little white lacy panties. They looked good, but there was no way they were gonna last. I pressed my nose against her mound, and then snapped the sides free with my fingers. She didn't have a chance to react before my tongue was moving, stroking through her folds and barely grazing her already-swollen clit. " Paul ." My name was more of a pleading moan this time as she tugged at my hair trying to direct me where she wanted me the most. I chuckled against her sensitive skin, lapping up the fresh wave of arousal that that action brought. I wrapped my left arm under her leg and up over her hips to hold her down as I slipped first one finger, and then another inside her tight heat. It didn't take long before her head flew back and her toes curled as she screamed out my name with her release. I was up and entering her before her walls finished their spasms, and I felt her tighten briefly again just at the feel of my cock inside her. "Oh my GOD!" she screamed, and I normally would have responded with a snarky comeback, but I was also overcome by the feel of being one with my mate . Just the thought of those words had me pulling out and flipping her over to her hands and knees. I lost all thought as I hovered over her, driving into her with supernatural speed and barely-restrained force. She was mine . The taste of blood on my lips sated my wolf and brought my human side fully back in control, and I rolled to the side to see Bella collapsed beneath me. I panicked for a moment thinking I'd hurt her, but then I saw the puncture marks and dark bruise of the bite mark on her neck. Oh shit. I bit her… She Said: Holy hell, I nailed it when I called him SexyBeast. No, really, he's actually a sexy beast. He told me about all the wolf shit and I have to say I was skeptical until he took me out in the backyard and poofed into a giant silver dog. Of course, finding out that my ex-boyfriend was actually a vampire was a little shocking in itself. I had always thought Edward was just a stuck-up prude, not a bloodsucking demon. That was a real eye-opener. Then there was the biting. Paul tried to play it off as no big deal, but I somehow knew he was lying to me. He ended up calling Jacob Black over and he and his wife, Leah, explained imprinting and marking. I was pretty stoked to be honest—the way I saw it I had a sex god for a permanent boyfriend, and I never had to worry about the awkward dating scene ever again! Not bad for a hard day's work.