on my own for a while." She pleaded with him hoping he would be the sweet kid she had always known him to be and help her flee. "Is this because of Sam and Emily." Jake blurted out causing Leah to growl out in rage. "I don't give a flying rat's ass about that son of a bitch or his whore!" Laughing Jake put his hands up in defenses as she began to shake. "Alright, alright touché subject got it… calm down and breathe…" "I'm so sick of everyone telling me to calm down! It's really annoying!" Leah spat out as she opened her back door and threw in her bag. "It's not safe for you to be out there Leah… you could Phase and hurt someone." Jake said with all seriousness. Shaking her head Leah disagreed with him. "I only start losing control when I'm with you guys… mostly Paul, he just knows what buttons to push and then I lose my shit!." Looking at Jake she put her hands on her hips and growled at him. "Are you going to let me leave Jake? If so please move." He stood there and watched her, her hair had been cut short like the rest of the Shifter but instead it came to her shoulders. She had grown taller with the change and her body seemed harder than he remembered, her face seems sharper and her eye almost glowed in the mood light. Leah wasn't movie star beautiful but she was exotic and exciting to look at, her face played so many different emotions at one time that Jake hadn't realized that she was talking to him. "Earth to Jacob! Hello?" "Huh?" "I asked you if you were going to let me leave or not!" "Oh…" Jake thought it over. She's hurting a little time would do her some good to find herself. She said she would be back... "You promise to come back your family will be hurt you left without saying goodbye." "I'll call where ever I go I promise." When Jake looked unsure Leah smiled up at him causing his breath to catch in his throat. "Jake I keep my promises, you know that... I will be back." Grabbing one of his oldest friend's shoulders he looked her in the eyes to see if she was lying to him. "Swear that you'll be safe.." "I swear you tard, now move so I can get the hell out of here!" "Do you need money?" Raising an eyebrow Leah questioned him. "How much do you have?" Jake smiled and moved to pull out his wallet. "Twenty." Laughing Leah yanked it out of his hand shoving it into her back pocket. "Thanks Jake." Smiling Jake gave her a one handed hug before moving to the side and opened her car door for her. "Don't go getting yourself killed..." "You too Jake and please keep an eye on my brother... he looks up to you." "Sure, sure..." Leah snorted and jumped into her car and started the engine, she popped her head out the window when she shut the door behind her. "And remember I'll only be a howl away." Smiling Jake waved goodbye and for the second time that night Leah disappeared into the dark. Thinking about Bella Jake took off back to the bonfire to find his love standing next to Sam and Emily. "I'm back!" "JAKE!" Bella smiled up at him and all thoughts of Leah disappeared just like the woman herself. "Hey Bells!" "Did you work it out?" Sam asked getting to the point. Not lying but not telling the truth Jake answered Sam "She just needs time to breathe give her some time Sam..." Emily looked like she was on verge of tears as Jake looked at her. He could see the difference in Leah and Emily, where Leah was strong-willed and would rather poke out her own eyes then cry tears in front of anyone, Emily was weak and needy always needing comfort. "She said she will come talk to you when she's ready Em." Jake lied to make her stop scrunching up her face in that ugly way that she did. "Thanks Jake, Sammy lets go home..." Emily whipped her tears and pulled Sam along back to their home. Jake thought it was funny that Sam looked like a puppy following his master. Then looked down as Bella grabbed his hand and gave it a tug. "I should get home Jake." she whispered. Bringing her closer Jake wrapped an arm around her and pulled her close as they walked back to his rabbit... Few years later: Leah sat at the edge of the grand canyon eating her sandwich and looking at the old book that rest in her lap. "Fire portals! Say what!" she laughed to herself as she read on. While she was absorbed in the words she was reading the familiar shiver racked her body making her drop her sandwich down into the canyon below. She could feel as Jake took his rightful place as Alpha of La Push, she could hear the howl inside her head as if he was standing next to her himself. "It's about damn time!" She stated to herself standing up and shoving the ancient book into her old weathered backpack, she dusted off her butt to start walking towards the highway. Smiling Leah took a deep breath at the thought of returning home to her old life... and the beginning of her new one... A/N: So tell me what you think! FYI: Leah is a little occ for this story. She and Jake are friends she wasnt around long enough for him to start disliking her! Special thank you to my Beta Mariella Lautner! Now please review and let me know! On a side note I'm going through a divorce right now so finding the heart to write some chapters is a little hard please be patient with me! I promise to finish all my stories!