he asked. I nodded as I felt the tears come out of my eyes. "Do I have permission to shake the hand of the fiancée of one of the greatest men I've worked with?" he asked. I couldn't speak I just nodded. I extended my hand and he shook it gently. I saw his eyes water slightly. "Where, where is Jas, Jasper?" I stuttered. He reached into his pocket and pulled out dog tags. "I'm sorry Miss. He died." He gave me the necklace. It was all I could take. I collapsed on the ground and sobs racked through my body. The soldier bent down to my side and sat down. I just kept shaking my head. Why God? Why Jasper? My Love. I miss you. You'll always have my heart. Forever and for always. I thought. "Who, who are you, you." I asked "I'm Major Tommy Fike. I was Major Jasper Whitlock's best friend and partner. Sadly, I wasn't with him when he died. He was by himself. I would have saved him if I could." He sniffed. "He talked about you a lot in his letters," I said. I couldn't stand the fact that I said 'talked'. I just started crying again. This time Tommy helped me stand up and he helped me inside. I saw Jamie come in the room with Todd and notice Tommy. She gasped and ran out of the room with Todd. I sat down and just cried. Tommy helped me calm down eventually and he stood up. "I have to go. I'm sorry for your loss. May I say you really are as beautiful as he described. He truly loved you. You were all he ever talked about. I'm sorry," Tommy said and he left shaking his head. I just sat on the couch crying looking at his bloodstained dog tag. Jamie came back into the room and gave me a hug. Todd came up to me and saw how bad I was. He came up to me a hugged my leg. I put Jasper's dog tag around my neck and picked Todd up. He was the only one who could make me feel better. So, Todd fell asleep in my arms and I saw the door open. I saw my mom and dad enter the room. They gasped when they saw my bloodshot eyes. Jamie came and put Todd to bed. My parents came to me in concern. I took the necklace off and showed them. "A soldier came by today, by the name of Major Tommy Fike. He was Jasper's partner and best friend. He came to inform me Jasper has died in battle," I sobbed. My mother wrapped her arms around me and sobbed with me. My dad wrapped his arms around both of us. I was always going to be Mrs. Whitlock, no matter what. That night I went out for a walk because I needed air to clear my head. Jasper's face was still in my head and I could still feel the way is lips felt against mine. I could still remember the night he slept with me, and the feeling I had when he asked for my hand. I had so many memories. I didn't want to let go of them. It was starting to get dark out as I headed back to my home. I was turning the corner to the next street trying to make it back to my house. All of a sudden I hear a sound. I felt like someone was watching me. After a few moments I felt a hand go over my mouth as I tried to scream. The guy looked at me and said, "You look worthy enough to keep." Then he bit me. I felt this terrible pain go through my body. It felt like fire. I saw Jasper's face one more time before I went into darkness. New Life Bella's Point of view I walk up from unconsciousness in the middle of the woods. It was weird. I could hear everything, my vision was better and I had this itchy feeling in the back of my throat. I saw the guy that bit me smile at me. "Hello." He walked up to me. "What am I?" I asked, "You are a vampire. You have super strength, speed, hearing and vision. Other vampires also have special powers. Me for example I can track people very easily." "Oh," was all I could say. ' God. She is gorgeous. I wonder if she's married, due to the ring I think so…" the guy mused. "I'm widowed. I have no intension of loving anyone else either." I said, "I didn't say that out loud." The guy said. "I guess you're a mind reader. Interesting." "What's your name?" "James." He said. "James. It's nice to meet you. Anyway. I would like to leave now, so if you excuse me," I got up and tried to walk around him. "You're not leaving. I've given you immortality. It's a gift you must cherish. You are joining my coven." "No. I am not. I did not ask for immortality, I would rather of died. There was no point to living with out my husband." Again I tried to walk around him. "NO!" he growled. I got angry and wished he was dead or gone. All of a sudden he was a pile of ashes in front of me. I smiled and walked more into the woods. I knew vampires drank blood. Human blood and I hate the thought of killing a human and I hated the thought of blood. I was walking when I smelt something. It smelt sweet and the itch in the back of my throat hurt. I felt something pouring in my mouth. I looked around and spotted a deer. All of a sudden my instincts took over. I ran at the deer and sucked it dry. Welcome to my new life style, I thought. Thanks for reading. Review please? Thanks again!