She slid lower, kissing down my stomach and playing with my navel, her lips and tongue gentle, her hands less so, dragging lines of pure lust over my shoulders and down my chest. I placed a heel on the edge of the bed and lunged up, just catching soft, wet curls with the tip of my now screaming cock. She threw back her head and laughed." Oh, clever. But still not 'please'. I'll have to try harder." She scooted down further, my now up raised knee catching her bottom as she moved. A quick intake of her breath, and then her hands were on my cock, and white fog curled in my vision, making everything but the feel of her mouth as she sucked on me seem far away. I must have moaned, for she let her mouth come off with a small, wet pop. "That is still not begging, Carlisle. Say," and this time she opened her mouth and I watched my cock dissappear, and reappear, her hands sliding back up," please." I roared as she used just the edge of her teeth, going fully down to the root this time, and she licked me slow, back all the way up. "Please!" She let go, her hands moving to my shoulders as she set herself back over me. "Now that's was easy, wasn't it?," she said into my mouth, and squeaked as I trapped her mouth to mine with one hand, and used the other to knock her elbow out from under her, rolling her onto her back, and then I tested her, my right hand running from her left breast down to her hood, my whole body thrumming with lust. I sank two fingers into her, and she screamed, her hands clawing me from shoulders to buttocks. "Ah," I said into her breasts, "so, so wet, little vixen. Claw me again." I pulled my left hand from behind her head as I drove my right into her again. She obeyed, and I felt the skin of my back split under her hands. "Ahora, por Dios!" I pulled my right hand of her, and used my knees to spread her, both hands on her hips, my fingers biting deep into her skin. I pressed into her, and the feel of her set my blood racing, the tight, wet clench of her wiping my mind blank. Vaguely, I heard her scream again, this time drawing blood from my back, and then I was in, and I turned her chin, and lost what was left of my mind in her mouth. Edward swore. I jerked back to myself just in time so see him leap from his chair. "What? Oh. Erm, Edward. I'm sorry." He sat back, his eyes wide. "Your memory of her, Carlisle!" "Ah. Yes. " I looked down at my desk, composing myself. "Did you love her?" "Yes. Later. The week we were to wed was the same week I found the vampires in the sewers. I had about a month and a half with her, and after.. I wouldn't think of her, wouldn't let the thoughts of her finish. I did not have the strength to resist her, if I remembered. So I went to the Continent, and trained myself further into resisting the lure of blood. I know of nothing that happened to her after my..transformation." I looked up at my son, and smiled sadly at him. "I suppose, son, what I've tried to tell you is that to lie with a woman you love is the greatest thing a man can do. Human, or vampire. " "Do you love her now?" His eyes were still wide, but with hurt lighting the the tawny depths. "Yes. She is your Bella, Edward, no longer mine. Isabella Alfonso died in the century I was created, and I have not tried to find her. I have no right. I was a cad, through no fault of hers or my own, and left her. I couldn't return, and I couldn't bear to know." "So she could be. Bella could be Isabella's descendant. It's possible. But she.. She looks so much like your Isabella, Carlisle, that they could be the same person." "I... Edward, I think, perhaps she is." He froze. "That's impossible." "Yes. Yes, it is, but you saw Isabella Alfonso and you see Bella Swan. It is very possible that she is her many times great-granddaughter. Why is it not possible that perhaps a person's soul travels many times through life, looking for their one soul mate, to go forward with? And I am not Isabella's soulmate, Edward. If this is what has happened, then she has lived the time from my time with her til this time with you to find you. I am sorry, son, for not telling you of her before. My soul is Esme's. My love for her is unshakeable, unquestionable. I can no more love Bella Swan than you can love Esme." "I do love Esme. She's as a mother to me. As you are my father, Carlisle." "As I love your Bella. She is a daughter of my heart. As you are a son of my heart. You were first, Edward. First I loved, and first I changed, and the first draught of love that soothed my aching, lonely soul." AN: The views expressed here are not mine, concerning the husband of Alejandra Alfonso and his sexuality. I merely researched the political and public trends of the late 1650s for inspiration, and found it in the persecution of sodomites there recorded. The Spanish words and names I used here were just Googled, or pulled from my pidgin vocabulary of Spanish spoken by Mexican friends kind enough to teach me the basic phrases needed to survive in a Spanish speaking town. The seventeenth and eighteenth centuries are so crammed with interesting stories, technological advancement and beautiful art that I couldn't resist the temptation to join the ranks of authors pulling inspiration from those centuries.