sitting here talking with the others," Jake answered. "Edward, what happened here?" I asked him. Edward then filled me in on what happened. Esme had also come in with Leah who now had stopped crying. "Daddy, I-I didn't mean it…" Rosalie attempted to explain. "Rosalie Lillian Cullen! Stop! I don't want to hear it. You go wait for me in my study while I stitch Leah's cut for her. I'll deal with you when I'm through," I said angrily to her. "But Daddy…" Rosalie attempted again. "GO!" I said pointing to the stairs. Rosalie turned and flashed up the stairs. We heard my study door slam shut. I just looked up there. I almost went up to deal with her slamming the door, but I needed to stitch Leah's cut. "The rest of you wait down here. Jake, are you alright?" I asked him. "Yes Dad. Just upset, how am I going to go around looking like this," Jake asked pointing to the top of his head. "Maybe with the advanced healing, it will grow back fast. Try phasing and see what happens," I suggested to him. "Okay, I'll go do that now," Jake said as he and Seth headed out the door. "When I'm through stitching Leah's cut, the rest of you go with your mother and leave us some privacy while I deal with Rosalie," I said to my children. They seemed relieved to hear that. "Pops, she really didn't mean it," Emmett tried again. "She did it though, and she caused Jake and Leah a great embarrassment. Imagine if one of them did that to her hair," I said to Emmett. "Oh, Rosie would tear them apart," Emmett said smirking. "Exactly!" I said to Emmett. Emmett looked at me and was about to agree and then realized what I was saying to him. "Oh man, my Rosie's in for it, huh," Emmett said looking down at the floor. "She deserves it too," Bella said. "They weren't doing anything to upset her, just minding their own business," Bella added. "Hush up, Miss Goody two-shoes," Emmett said to Bella. "All of you hush up," I said to them. "Leah, come with me," I said holding my hand out to her. Leah and Esme came with me to my medical room and I cleaned and stitched her cut. It looked really small after I stitched it and I was sure there would be no scar. It looked and bled worse than the cut actually was. "I think this will heal very nicely," I said to her. "But what am I going to do about my hair? I can't walk around like this, or go on my date," Leah said beginning to cry again. "Now, now, dear. We will put a scarf on your head and go into town and find the best wig we can. We can have it cut like your hair and then you can wear that and go on your date. Sound okay to you," Esme asked lifting Leah's chin up. "Really? You think it will work?" Leah asked with a little hope in her voice. "Of course it will. They make wigs out of human hair now and you can barely tell the difference," Esme said to her. "You're beautiful no matter how your hair looks," I said to Leah. "I'm not beautiful with a cut and this awful hairdo," Leah said tearing up again. "Yes you are, you're our beautiful wolf girl. Nothing could take away from the beauty of your face," I said caressing her cheek and kissing her forehead. "Thanks Daddy," Leah said to me. She walked up and hugged me. This comment made both Esme and I stop and look at Leah with stunned faces. She noticed our shocked looks and gave each of us a wondering look. "What?" Leah asked, puzzled. "It's just…you've never called me 'daddy' before," I said to her. Esme smiled at her also. "I didn't?" Leah asked. "No, you didn't. I would remember that," I said to her smiling broadly. "I've thought it often, I guess I never voiced it. It's how I feel about you. Do you mind?" Leah asked. "Oh Leah, of course not, baby. I love it. Thank you, Sweetheart," I said kissing her again on her cheek. "Come on, let's find a scarf for you to wear. I'm sure Alice will have something for you," Esme said as she led Leah to the door. Alice was at the door waiting for them. She heard what Esme said to her and quickly ushered her up to her room to find the perfect match to the outfit Leah was wearing. "Come on, we'll get you all set for your date tonight," Alice said to Leah. They went on their way. "Carlisle, please don't be too hard on Rosalie, I'm sure she didn't mean it," Esme said to me. "I'm sure she didn't, but it happened and she has to face the consequences of her actions. She would be inconsolable and uncontrollable if this happened to her. She will have to answer to me for this. She made life uncomfortable for her brother and sister all because of this bantering and incessant teasing. I'm afraid I'm going to have to make sitting uncomfortable for her for a bit. Although, she will be fully recovered in a few hours; too bad it will take longer for Jake and Leah to recover. That girl and her ideas," I said shaking my head. "Do you want me to stay, darling?" Esme offered. "No, take Leah and see what you can do for her. Can you find something for Jake also?" I asked. "I'm not sure on that, darling, but we will see what we can come up with," Esme said. Esme then kissed me goodbye and I heard her and my brood leave. Time to go deal with Rosie, the barber! To be Continued…Next chapter will be the last. This is only a 2 – chapter story. Please Review!