against a tree and looked deep in thought. "She has to be more." He finally said and shrugged. "She's something else because there's no way a human could have done that, a human would be lucky to get away in the first place." He said. I hadn't introduced any of them to Syn yet, I felt oddly protective and territorial over her. I had never cared before if a girl met them or not because I knew she wouldn't last but the idea of any of these mutts even looking twice at my girl made me want to rip their fucking heads off. Given the way Sam was looking at me as if he wanted me to bring her to meet him made me uneasy. "I want to see her. I won't hurt her, none of us will. You know that." I knew he was telling the truth. None of them could hurt her, it was one of our most sacred laws but even though I was telling myself that I had a hard time bringing myself to comply with what he wanted. I forced a nod and my jaw clenched. I couldn't disobey him even if I wanted to and right now that's what I wanted more than anything else. I didn't want Syn to know what I was, not yet. She wasn't ready and I didn't know when I would be ready to see the fear in her eyes. I closed the door to my truck just as the first of the kids from Fork High started heading to their cars to leave. Jacob got out and walked up beside me. He had said he was coming just in case something happened but I knew he wanted to see Bella. A girl I didn't really care for but what the fuck ever if he wanted to waste his time on some vampire loving broad that was his business. I searched the lot and found Syn's blue jeep and decided to stand beside it. Jacob followed behind me and searched the lot. "You know you should really get over her, she's with one of them. She doesn't belong with us." Jacob snarled about to say something but just then I watched as Syn walked out of the front door and looked over smiling and laughing at some asian guy who threw an arm around her. She shoved at his chest and they both said something before laughing again. I felt rage surge inside of me and I growled going to take a step forward when Jacob grabbed my wrist and jerked me back. "Dude calm the hell down you can't do this here." He whisper-yelled and I tried shrugging him off. "He fucking touched her, he's all over her! Who the fuck is he?" I snarled, looking up and my eyes locked with her burning green ones. I felt something in my chest ease as she waved off the guy and made her way over to me. "Paul? What are you doing here?" She asked and looked over at Jacob. Her voice was soft and kind of shy which is typically something I'm not into. I don't like shy girls and I don't like inexperienced girls and I was pretty sure she was both. I swallowed hard suddenly at a loss for words. "I'm Jacob, a friend of Paul's." Jake went ahead and introduced himself and she smiled looking up at him. She had a dimple in her left cheek and it was the cutest thing I had ever seen but I felt irritation as she looked at Jake. I only wanted her to see me. Damn it! I wasn't this guy. This shouldn't even matter to me. "I'm Syn. It's nice to meet you." I watched her carefully and she turned her gaze back to me. "Um, I really should get going did you need something?" She asked and I watched as she dug through her purse and pulled her keys out. "Actually we're having this get together." I explained and she looked at me arching an eyebrow as if telling me to continue, "I wanted you to come." I finished rubbing the back of my neck. "I thought you might want to meet my friends." I added. She looked as if she were conflicted and I realized I had never banked on her saying no. I was Paul Lahote, no girl told me no and I knew for a fact Syn liked me there was no way she couldn't. Imprints aren't a one way thing. "I don't know." She finally answered and I looked at her surprised. "What do you mean you don't know? You like me, I want you to meet my friends." I stated as if she were oblivious and she looked at me offened. "Don't get the damn tone of voice with me." She opened her jeep door and I forced it shut. "I'm just saying this hard to get bullshit is unnecessary. Its obvious we like each other." I growled and she scowled at me. "Get the hell out of my way." She said lowly and I looked down at her unimpressed. Syn barely reached five feet and she was about as intimidating as a damn bunny. She was cute and sexy but nothing to fear. That was what I thought of course until she stomped her foot into my instep and kneed my stomach. I doubled over surprised by the attack and she swung her door open. "I should have known you were an asshat." She grumbled jumping in her jeep and pulling off before I could say anything else. Jake doubled over in laughter and I punched him in the groin and watched as he grunted and it turned into doubling over in pain. "I like her." He grunted out and I shoved him grumbling. Fucking Imprints. I do not own Twilight, all copyrights go to Stephanie Meyer I only own my OC characters. Please Review/Follow/Favorite. I love hearing your thoughts.