Don't let Leah take your focus away," I explained to her. "I'm sorry Dad, I didn't mean to get so upset. Leah just made me mad when she upset Sue and starting ragging on Charlie," Bella said. "Well, try to let things slide off, she doesn't mean the things she is saying," I explained to her. "Yes I do," Leah said. "See Dad…" Bella said pointing to Leah. "I will handle her, you just concentrate on helping Sue and keeping Alice in check with the wedding planning," I said smiling at her. "I'll try my best, Dad," Bella said grinning with me. "That's my Baby Girl," I said drawing her in for a kiss on her forehead. Bella smiled and walked back to her seat. "I'm so unappreciated," Alice moaned. "You love it," Rosalie said to Alice as they both giggled. "You, missy," I began addressing Leah, "I'm even more upset with. You are going to be your mother's maid of honor which is a privilege in itself! You are supposed to be here to support her and help her with whatever she needs. You need to be happy for her that she and Charlie are moving on with their lives just as you and Seth have done. It took you a while to warm up to being in our family, but you eventually came around after you gave us a chance. Give Charlie a chance. He is a wonderful man and he and your mother are good together. Why should they both be alone?" I pointed out to her. "I-I…its…its just…hard Daddy," Leah said sniveling and covering her face with her hands. "Come here, my Punkin," I said opening my arms to her. She quickly dove in to my arms and sobbed. "I'm s-sorry Daddy…I-I'll try h-harder," Leah sniveled. "That's all we ask, Punkin. I think you owe some people an apology, don't you?" I reminded her. "Yes sir," Leah said turning around and walking up to Sue. "I'm sorry mom, I didn't mean the things I said. I was just upset," Leah said to Sue. "All I ask is that you give Charlie a chance, you don't have to call him your stepfather, but I'm hoping someday you will love him almost as much as you love Carlisle," Sue said to her. "All I can do is try, mom," Leah said to her. "Bella, I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings," Leah said to Bella. "Yeah, same here," Bella said giving her the thumbs up. They both smiled at each other. Then we heard something from the window of the study. "Nope! Pops didn't blister Lulu's tail," Emmett yelled out. We all looked at one another and I pursed my lips and made my way to the window. The girls were giggling in the study as I looked out and saw Emmett hanging onto the outside of the window and looking down at his brothers below him. "Not so loud, you dope!" Jake called up. "What's going on now?" "Let me check," Emmett whispered and then turned to see me standing in the window staring at him with a frown on my face and my arms crossed. "Whoops! Scatter," Jake called to his brothers as he saw me at the same time Emmett did. He and his brothers did just that and left Emmett hanging there on his own. "Hey! It's Pops!" Emmett called down to his brothers and turned to tell them. "Hey, where'd you guys go?" "Emmett!" I said to him sternly. "Hey Pops! You know, this window is dirty, I was just checking it for Momma," Emmett said acting like he was inspecting the window. "Yes, I see that. I think it would be a good idea if after you boys are finished with the yard work, you five get together and clean all the windows since you did such a great job inspecting the cleanliness of them," I said to him. "Uh…I didn't mean we should clean them," Emmett said to me. "But I mean they should be cleaned," I said to him. "But Pops…" Emmett began. "By the way, I don't hear the lawn mowers going," I said to him. "Um…," Emmett stuttered. "After the yard work, the windows are to be washed inside and outside. Is that understood," I asked him. "Uh…just a minute… Hey! Pops says we have to wash the windows inside and out after we're done with the yard work," Emmett called to his brothers who came running to the window. "What?" Edward asked. "How did that happen?" Jasper asked. "I told him I was inspecting the windows to throw him off," Emmett said. "Nice going, ya doofus! Some spy you'd make," Jake shouted at him. "Hey, I'm a good spy, Pops didn't know you told me to spy on them and see what's going on until you asked what was happening so it's your fault, wolf bro," Emmett yelled to him. "Jacob!" I shouted down to him. "Uh…hi ya dad," Jake said. "Don't listen to Emmett—remember what I said about the x-ray," Jake said winking at me. "Yes I do remember you talking about the x-ray, and I'm about to have your tail end x-rayed to see why my handprint is always on it," I said to him. "Uh…gotta go do the yard work and we'll take care of those windows, too, Dad," Jake said taking off. "Every man for himself, Dad's on the warpath thanks to our big mouth brother up there who's out on a limb," Jake said. "Yeah, let's cut the limb off," Edward said. "He'd fall then," Seth said. "Good, maybe he might get a little sense knocked into him then," Jasper said. "Boys, I still don't hear the lawn mowers going," I shouted out to them. "Don't make me come down there," I warned them. "Yeah, cause Dad will turn this lawn around and…" Jake was joking. "Boys, here I come…" I said jumping down to the ground. To Be Continued… Please Review!