said shooing them out the door. "This is a disaster waiting to happen," Edward said. "You children better behave and you better not do anything stupid or you will answer to your father and me," Mom warned all of us. "You better tell that to the 'Trickster Trio' out there in your garden," Edward said to Mom. Garden: Jake: "Come on, let's get this garden done so we can work on our costumes," Emmett said. "Our costumes are easy, how in the world are we going to make Billy into a hearse," Seth asked. "Good question," Jake said. "He would come up with something like that." "Hurry up Emmett, get the hose," Jake said. "I'm getting to it," Emmett said walking toward the garage to get the hose. "Hope he doesn't get distracted and we have to go find out what he's doing," Seth said. After finishing the weeding and raking, we had all the mulch straightened out and we trimmed everything that needed to be trimmed. Now if only we can keep that big doofus from tripping and taking half of Mom's garden out with him, we will be done with this. "What's taking him so long?" Jake asked. "EMMETT! Come on, will ya!" The next thing I knew I was getting blasted by the hose at full force and it almost knocked me down. Then the goof got Seth next. "HEY! Cut it out! You're messing up the garden again," I yelled to him. "Come on Emmett, we just got it all put back together," Seth shouted. Emmett finally turned the hose off and we were soaking wet and so was the garden. Some of the mulch was beginning to run toward the driveway and there was a big mud hole where he aimed the hose. "Now look at the mess you made! You're cleaning this up," I shouted to him shaking the water off my hands. "Aw a little water isn't going to hurt you," Emmett said coming up laughing. "A little water? We're practically drowned," Seth said trying to shake some water off. "Dude, you're not in wolf form," Emmett laughed. "You'll dry, let the sun do its magic." "Here's some magic for you," I said and lobbed a big handful of mud right in Emmett's face. "Ugh! Dude! That was right in my face," Emmett complained wiping it off. "That's what you get, right in the kisser," I said laughing. "Laugh this off," Emmett said lobbing the mud in my face now. "Hey! Stop it," I yelled to him. "Come on you two, get busy," Seth said to us. Emmett and I looked at each other and we both got a handful of mud and threw it at Seth. It landed on the side and back of his head. "You two cut it out! Now look at me," Seth said brushing mud off now. "Ha ha, makes you look more earthy," I said to him. "Here, have some more earth," Seth said and threw a big wad of mud at each of us, one landed on my neck and the other on Emmett's chest. Emmett grabbed the wad off his chest and started aiming for Seth. Seth seeing him, started running toward the garage but turned back to shout at Emmett. "No, no, no, no, don't do it!" Seth shouted. Emmett fired the mud as hard as he could and Seth ducked and the next thing we heard was a thud and a slam and someone shouting at us. "HEY!" Dad said as he got out of his car. "You hit my…," Unfortunately, Emmett had fired another clump of mud right after the first and it landed right in the middle of Dad's chest. "…car! What is the matter with you three? Come here," Dad said as he picked the clump of mud off of his white shirt and looked at it and then at us. "No way, Pops. We can hear and see you from here," Emmett said laughing. "You better not have dented my car and look what you did to my shirt," Dad scolded us. "Emmett did it," I yelled to him. "Yes Dad, it was Emmett," Seth agreed. "Hey wait a minute, you threw mud too," Emmett said to us. "Yeah, but we didn't hit Dad or his car," I pointed out to him. "Oh yeah, you're right," Emmett said. "Uh oh!" "Emmett Cullen, clean this car up inside and out and it better be spotless because I'm inspecting it," Dad said to him. "Aw Pops, it's just a little mud," Emmett said to him. "A little mud! Here, you can have it back," Dad said and fired at Emmett which hit him right on his a-, uh, butt. "Ouch Pops! That hurt," Emmett said rubbing his backside and then seeing his hand full of mud. "EEEEUUUWWWW! Did I crap my pants?" "You're a vampire, you dope. You can't do that anymore," I reminded him. "Oh yeah! Whew, that was close! I thought I had an accident," Emmett said chuckling. "You are an accident," I said and walked toward Dad who was stunned to hear what Emmett said. Dad couldn't believe Emmett thought he had an accident. He had this look on his face like , 'he didn't just ask that, did he?' Well, yes he did. So I went up to Dad and clapped him on the shoulder. "And you made him a vampire! Nice work, Dad! Proud of yourself?" I asked patting his cheek. "Yes I am, and you know who else I'm proud of?" Dad asked me. "Who?" I humored him. "You!" Dad said as he took his muddy hands and rubbed them all over my face and in my hair. "DAAA-AAAAD!" I shouted in horror. "Go wash your face, Jacob. Imagine coming outside looking like that," Dad said brushing his hands off and walking toward the garage. "Spoiled sport!" I called after him. "Guilty!" Dad said as he went in the garage. To Be Continued… Please Review!