chase to Caius as soon as dawn breaks." Emmett disappears into his own tent laughing, leaving Edward glaring after him. Edward hardly had the time to shuck his cloak and kick off his boots before the flap of his tent is opened again. He looks up. Jasper is swaying, unsteady on his feet. He has a thick collar around his neck, from which several metal chains are attached, and held on the other end by Edward's bannermen. If they were not yanking on the chains, Jasper probably would have collapsed. One of Edward's men is holding a long bamboo rod, striking Jasper smartly on the back of each calf intermittently, prompting him to stagger forward at half shuffling steps. "What is this?" Edward says, barely containing his outrage. "Take off the collar, and stop hitting him, you'll drive him into bloodlust." His men stare at him, uncomprehending. The one with the bamboo steps forward. "It won't if we don't draw blood, Your Grace. I heard it's the blood that sets it off." Edward clenches his hands, trying to rein in his temper. "Take off his collar," he says tersely, between gritted teeth. His men look uneasy. "Your Grace, it's dangerous." Edward's eyes flicker over to the corner of his long table, where another one of his talismans sits amongst his maps. "You're dismissed." "But, Your Grace…" " Leave ." Jasper wobbles slightly as the chains are dropped to the floor, but catches himself. There is a tick in his jaw and a hollowness in his cheeks, as if he is on the brink of collapsing, but is refusing to let himself fall out of pure stubbornness. Edward steps forward slowly, and watches Jasper's eyes as he reaches for the clasps of the collar. Jasper meets his gaze steadily, dark brown eyes shifting between wary watchfulness and a vacant distant look. When Edward's fingers brushes against the skin on Jasper's neck, he doesn't flinch or turn away. He is the same height as Edward, but perhaps a year or two older. It's the gravity in this eyes and the set of his demeanour that ages his. His hair and soft features are those belonging to a youth. Standing this close, Edward can see the full extent of Jasper's scarring. He has many long angry lines descending from his face down his neck, it looks as if the skin was ripped open and only healed haphazardly, leaving behind unsightly bumps and grooves. The worst of the scars are on his jaw and his neck. It is as if someone had tried to put an axe through Jasper's neck, and missed, many, many times. Jasper lowers his gaze as Edward appraises him. His dark lashes flutter against his pale skin, and he hangs his head, as if ashamed. Someone had run him through a bath, as Edward asked, but was not as thorough as Edward hoped. Someone has given him a pair of thin, dark trousers, and a wrinkled white tunic. He is still damp from his hurried bath, and splotches of fabric lightened with the water and are stuck to his skin. Edward has a mixed feeling of sadness and fury. If he has a soldier like this, who is fierce like Jasper, who is as feared, and as proud, Edward would never have him chained in a cage and left to the mercy of his enemies. He wonders how easily he could persuade Jasper to turn his back on Caius, and pledge his loyalty to Edward instead. As the collar drops and the weight falls from Jasper's neck, he sways backwards. Edward quickly grabs him by the elbows. For someone who looks so thin, the berserker is unexpectedly heavy. Edward realizes perhaps without his talisman he wouldn't even be able to fight off Jasper, even when not in bloodlust. The muscles under Edward's fingers tighten, and Jasper regains his balance. "Come," Edward manoeuvres him towards the chair. Jasper sits, bracing his arm against the edge of the table. "I could kill you," he says, but there is no venom in his voice. "Will you?" Edward asks easily. He pours a cup of water and sets it in Jasper's hand. Jasper throws back his head and downs the drink in one gulp. "I could," Jasper says, wiping his mouth. "Why?" Edward pulls up a chair and sits opposite him, watching Jasper's neck muscles ripple as he swallows. "I have no argument with you. My feud is with your master, who you should no longer feel any fealty for. He freed you from his command the moment he left you behind." Jasper's eyes are blank, unfeeling, emotionless. "I heard you earlier. You're planning to use me to bargain with him." Edward tries to hide his surprise at that, and is, despite himself, pleased to find that the berserker is alert and intelligent. Emmett is wrong. Again. "I would…if I could find him," Edward replies truthfully, "if you are willing to tell me where he fled to." Something flickers through Jasper's eyes. It passed so quick that Edward can't place it. "I don't know," Jasper says thickly. Edward allows himself a small grin. "Of course." Later, after Jasper has curled up in the adjoining tent under watchful eyes of his guards, Edward finally settles into his cot. The fatigue washes over him the minute his head touches the pillow. He dreams of low, rumbling growls, blood spilling from the sky in a downpour, and brown, careful eyes. He dreams that he is walking over soft skin, stepping lightly over the supple flesh. He trips over the raised edges of jagged scars, and falls into blackness. Edward wakes up sweating, with his tunic plastered to his back. He sits for a moment before pulling his sheets over his lap. He sits wishing he can forget the feeling those endless miles of pale, pale skin aroused in him, but he is staunchly reminded by the hardness between his legs. xxx Let me know what you think!