the conversation since I hadn't been listening to anything. "Oh, pretty good," I replied as he came to sit right next to me. I felt slightly uncomfortable at his close proximity. "Good to hear." Mike moved his arm to rest on the back of my chair and I quickly stood up. "Um… I need to get some air. I will be back in a minute," I said politely, smiling at everyone. I walked over to the doors of the cafeteria and went outside on the terrace. I had never really been the main attraction to guys, so I found the attention a bit strange. Especially when the feeling was unrequited. At my old school I wasn't anything special and now everyone seemed to find me interesting, well almost everyone. I stayed outside for a while, thinking to myself about everything and wondering what the deal was with Mike. Just as I was thinking about going back inside, I heard the doors open and started wishing it wasn't Mike. I spun around to see Edward walk out and reach for something in his pocket- they were cigarettes. "Why hello there," he said, pulling one out and popping it in his mouth. I thought it was impossible, but he was even more amazingly good looking up close. It took me a while to process what he said and realise that he was talking to me. "Hi," I quickly replied, suddenly feeling very shy and still embarrassed about being caught before. Edward got out a lighter and lit up his smoke before offering me one. I shook my head. "No thanks." "So… Isabella Swan, how ya liking Forks?" My eyes widened slightly at the fact that he knew my name. He grabbed the cigarette out of his mouth and blew out a puff of smoke. "It's okay, and it's just Bella." Truth be told, he could call me whatever he wanted and I wouldn't care. "Only okay… Isabella?" He smiled again and I marvelled at the sight. I chose to ignore that he still called me Isabella. I honestly didn't care with him. "Well I don't really like the cold. I hate it actually," I responded. "Don't worry, it grows on you," he said. I smiled at him and he suddenly put his hand to his chest. "How rude of me, I didn't even introduce myself. I'm Edward Cullen, very nice to meet you." He bowed his head at me, with a crooked smile planted on his lips. I now understood why he was able to be a player and still have girls fall all over him. He was extremely charming. "So, I saw that you and Newton were getting pretty cosy." He smirked at me, as if it amused him greatly. "Mike?! No way!" I blurted out immediately, making him laugh. The sound was heavenly. "What about you? You and Miss Blondie were getting close… very close as I recall." I was surprised by my own audacity. "I knew you were watching," he teased. "Well it was kind of hard not to notice." "If you say so," he said, pulling himself up to sit on the brick wall that was surrounding the veranda. He still didn't acknowledge Lauren, which I didn't really feel that bad about. "I saw you and Jess talking. So, did she warn you all about me?" There was a wicked glint in his eye. "Oh I have heard all about you." No matter how charming Edward was, I wasn't the type to hook up like it was nothing. The bad boy thing wasn't my type. "Oh have you now?" He still seemed very amused at this statement. "Mmhmm." "And what did you hear?" he asked as he threw his cigarette to the ground and jumped off the wall to stomp it out. "That you're trouble. You're a… bad boy." "So you think you got me all figured out now?" he asked. "There isn't the whole- 'I'm just acting this way to hide what I'm really feeling'- crap?" "Nope," I replied firmly. Girls that thought they could change guys like that were stupid in my eyes. "Well, glad we got that out in the open," he said, just as the siren rang for us to get to class. "It was an absolute pleasure to meet you Isabella." "You too, I guess," I replied nonchalantly. He looked shocked by my response. "Well except for the whole, you nearly killing me yesterday. Thanks for that by the way," I joked. Edward looked confused. "When you pulled out in front of my Dad, in the cruiser." I saw the lights go on in Edward's mind and his eyes widened slightly. "Wait, Isabella Swan … as in Chief Swan's daughter?" I nodded my head. A wicked grin fell upon his lips, exposing his perfectly white teeth. "Well, that's ah… good to know." I saw a mischievous glint flicker behind his bright green eyes as they narrowed slightly. For a moment I saw where he got the bad boy image. Now it was my turn to look confused. But Edward soon changed his demeanour, planting a smile back on his face. "Well, I do sincerely apologise for that." He grabbed my fingers lightly and brought his lips down to place a soft kiss on the back of my hand. It left me breathless, feeling his soft lips press against my skin. I pulled my hand back, chastising myself and quickly walked back through the doors of the cafeteria, trying to get as far away from him as I could. As I walked hurriedly through the halls of the school, I tried to rid myself of the attraction I felt towards him, but failed miserably. Stupid, sexy bad boy… A/N: Please, please review. I love to hear your comments, whether it be praise or criticism. This is why I'm here, to improve my writing, because it's something i love to do. Just hit the button, even if it is just a few words. Xoxo Carlislelover