you some flea powder this year," Rosalie laughed. "Is that all you got? You must be slipping," Jake said to her. Rosalie just put her nose up and walked over to Emmett who was laughing along with Jake and the others. Rosalie smacked Emmett on the arm. "We should put the tree over there this year, and Emmett, you are not messing around and moving the tree every time I turn around like you did last year," Alice said with her hands on her hips. "What? You kept moving the tree? That's a good one," Jake said laughing with Seth. "I wish I would have been here to see that." "You just may see things this year too," Emmett laughed. They both smacked hands in agreement. "Daddy, make them stop it right now before they start," Alice pleaded to me. "Last year Daddy made Emmett stand in the corner and the rest of us decorated him like a Christmas tree," Alice laughed in her pixie way. "Yeah, remember the song I made up, "Oh Emmett tree, oh Emmett tree, how ugly are your branches!" Edward laughed. "Emmett, Jacob and whoever else has any ideas, you better stop it right now and let Alice decorate the tree or you will answer to me," I warned them all. "All I see is decorations. Where's the fricken' tree?" Jake asked. "Silly! We have to pick it out yet," Alice answered. "Where from the mountain side?" Jake asked. "Of course, we always have a live tree," Alice said. "Why kill an innocent tree," Jake asked. "We like the smell of a live tree. It reminds us of the woods," Alice explained. "We might hike our hind legs at that tree if we phase into wolves," Jake said laughing. Seth and the boys cracked themselves up. "Oh gross! Only you disgusting freaky wolves would think and say something like that," Rosalie spat at them. "That's awful, you two hounds," Leah said to her fellow wolves. "What a picture," Bella said. "I'm embarrassed to call you my brothers," Alice said to them. "Jacob and Seth, I should wash your mouths out with soap," Esme scolded them. "There will be no watering the tree, you two," I said to them shaking my finger at Seth and Jake. The boys all dissolved into laughter and I couldn't help but crack a smile. "Carlisle Cullen! You're no better than your two wolf sons," Esme said to me. "Oh now they're my wolf sons," I said back to Esme. "Okay, come on. Let's get this Christmas tree search started," Emmett said waving all the boys toward the door. "Carlisle, you go with them so they don't bring a tree back that's so big, they will want to cut a hole in the roof to let the top through," Esme said to me. "Yes dear, I hear you," I said to my wife. Unfortunately, she was speaking from experience. Let's just say, Emmett + huge Christmas tree + saw + roof = disaster! Alice: "Bella, we have some Christmas things at the cottage. While Daddy and the boys are looking for our Christmas tree, and Momma is tidying the kitchen and emptying the dishwasher, lets us girls go and get the rest of the decorations," I said. "Sure, let's go," Bella said. We got to the cottage and got the decorations out of the attic. We were all sitting in the cottage talking amongst ourselves, since this would be Leah's first Cullen Christmas. "Remember last Christmas with Jessica," Rosalie said. "What happened? You mean your friend from town, Bella," Leah asked her. "Yes, she came home from college on Christmas break and ended up in the ER. The dr. called Dad and he went to the hospital. Turns out she was drinking energy drinks to keep her awake and help her write reports and do homework. She had been partying too much," Bella explained. "Why did Dad care?" Leah asked. "Well, she stayed here a bit when we were all on our trip to Denali before Bella and Edward's marriage and Daddy got to know her," Alice explained. "Dad almost became a surrogate father to her since her parents don't give a crap about her," Rosalie said. "Yeah, he even paddled her a few times and when he found out she was taking energy drinks, he let her have it again. She stayed with us while her parents were away as usual, to get back on her feet. Those energy shots really did a number on her system. She was sneaking them again and Dad caught her. She really got it then," Bella said. "I wonder what they would do to us." Rosalie wondered. "Not much, it probably wouldn't have an effect on us," Alice said. "Liquor does," Rosalie said. "Maybe we should try one and see what it does," Leah said. "They probably won't affect me since I'm a wolf." "How do you know?" Bella asked. "I'm still human. It will probably just be dissolved by the extra energy we wolves have anyway," Leah answered. "We better not, Dad would have our hides if he caught us," Bella warned. "He won't know, besides they won't have an effect on us anyway" Alice said. "Listen to what you're saying. Dad always finds out," Rosalie said. "Not this time. Leah, get some of those energy shots when you are in town tomorrow and we will meet over here and try them out," Alice said to her. "Okay, how do we come over here without the others wondering what we are doing," Rosalie asked. "We will just say we are decorating the cottage and having a girl's night, a sister's night," Alice corrected herself. "Otherwise, Momma would join us." "Okay, we'll try it. We better get back before the guys get back and start putting the tree up themselves," Rosalie said. "Oh my, come on. Hurry girls! Oh this is going to be so much fun!" Alice squealed. To Be Continued… Please Review!