everywhere, but not yet where I really wanted them to be. Finally, they wandered up my legs, until they were under the bottom of my dress and tugging the scrap of material down my legs. His middle finger slid along my slit and before I could scream he covered his lips with mine. "You're so wet." "Only for you," I cried, my hips bucking into his hand. Slowly his fingers entered me and I moaned in pleasure at the feel of it. He had what I liked to refer to as piano-fingers; incredibly long and double jointed to hit the right keys. And hit the right keys he did. While he pumped his finger in and out, he hit this fuck-awesome spot that very nearly made me black out. "Holy shit, Edward! Oh fuck..." "Hmm, you like my fingers, huh? That's a good girl." "No...awh... I'm so naughty, Edward," I cried and writhed under him. "Fuck," he groaned and pumped his fingers faster inside me. "I need you naked." With one hands still working me he used the other to rip the bodice of my dress in half, letting my breasts spill out for him. Without missing a beat, he sucked my right nipple into his mouth and curled his fingers inside of me. It was...there are just no words to describe how good it felt. "Edward...awh...fuck...Oh..." I wasn't coherent enough to form a sentence. "Baby, I love watching my fingers fuck you. But I have to be inside you. Let me make love to you?" he begged and I couldn't think of anything I wanted more at that moment. "Yeah," I breathed raggedly. He removed his fingers and I couldn't stop the whine that left my throat when we lost contact. He worked to rid himself of his clothes before he came back to me. "You're on the pill?" I nodded and he captured my lips again before pushing in. The feeling of Edward inside me was amazing, if not a tight squeeze. But the feeling of Edward inside me when I knew he loved me was indescribable. He let out a shaky breath when he was fully sheathed inside of me. "Are you okay, baby?" "Ah yes... start moving..." I gasped when he rocked into me slightly. I couldn't stop the words from spilling out of my mouth, none of which were ladylike by any means. "Oh fuck...this...this is what we're going to have forever!" he stuttered as we found our rhythm together. "I love you," I gasped and he stilled, looking down at me with bright eyes. "I love you too. More than anything." Quick as anything he had my lips but I pushed him away and somehow managed to get him on his back with me on top. I sunk down slowly on his monster of a cock and rode him at my pace; fast and hard. "Fuck, fuck, fuck...fuck…Bella!" he ground out after every thrust, his hands digging into my thighs as he struggled to keep his eyes from rolling back into his head. "Slow down, I'm going to cum if you don't." I shrugged and kept going. "We... awh fuck ...we...have forever." Edward eye shone with emotion at my words. I think it had finally hit him that we did have forever with each other. He began thrusting up into me with all his strength, his muscles rippling as he hit me in the most delicious spot I was sure only his fingers could reach. You learn something new every day... I was close. He was close. I could feel my stomach tighten and Edward's eyes won the battle and rolled back, his eyelids squeezing shut. His face turned red as he delivered the last few powerful thrusts he had in him to me. Then.. . BANG! The door flew open and my husband bounded into the room. "What the fuck, Bella?" James roared, punching the wall beside him angrily. Like he wasn't already fucking our neighbor Victoria... Edward's eyes met mine and after a brief moment of panic, I was sure he was thinking what I was thinking; Fuck it... I came, screaming and spasming, clawing at Edward's chest as he emptied everything he had into me and called my name while the euphoria took over him. Fireworks shot around me and I vaguely remember Edward telling me he loved me again before I blacked out. By the time I opened my eyes, destruction surrounded us. The desk was toppled and broken, there was a hole in the wall where James' fist had hit and there was broken glass all along the floor. I was lying on Edward's chest in a sweaty, sated heap. He laughed quietly and I moved away to see the brightest fucking smile I've ever seen him sport, plastered across his face. It was sort of infectious because the moment I saw it, it mirrored my own expression. "Why are you smiling? My husband just caught us fucking and by now your mother, your wife and the entire city of Seattle are probably aware you're running away with your step-sister." He shrugged and kissed me languidly again before pulling me back against his chest. "Because I'm incredibly fucking happy. And at least we don't have to worry about breaking the news to them." I laughed and kissed his chest lightly. "So, Forks?" He pursed his lips and seemed to mull it over before he flipped us so I was on my back and he was between my legs. He was inside me before I could even blink. He groaned and shoved his face into my neck, inhaling my scent as he moved inside me again. "Maybe after round two." This is just my oneshot for DTD which will now be continue. I hope you liked it and leave a review. Thanks to my Beta, RND4EVA. ;) It won third place in the Public vote and fourth in the judges vote so thank you everyone who voted. :) ~ Casey