no idea, darlin'. It's been so hard being away from you." She giggled at his inuendo, and wrapped her legs around his waist to pull him closer to where she wanted him most. He shook his head at her eagerness, and dropped a kiss on the end of her nose before he worked his way down her body once more. "It's been too long, sweet girl. I need to make sure you're ready or I'll hurt you," he said, looking at her seriously so she would know this wasn't a compromise. They had learned everything about their sexual relationship by experimenting with each other, and there had been too many times that they learned things the hard way. Preparation was one of those things. As his tongue began to work through her folds, and he carefully slipped one finger in, she thought back to the Cosmo magazine she borrowed from Rosalie. She never told Jasper where she had gotten it, but they were both blushing as they read through the articles on how to find her g-spot. Jasper's fingers curling against that spot brought her rushing back to the present with a pleased gasp, and he had his condom rolled on and cock positioned at her entrance before she had completely come down. He stared into her eyes as he worked his way in, each of them gradually relaxing at the intimate contact. Jasper buried his face in her neck with a groan when he was fully seated, and Bella reached her hand up to comb through his messy curls with a possessive smile. "I love you, Jas." She felt his smile against her skin as he began to move his hips. She knew this time would probably be quick since it had been so long, but she just wrapped herself around him and reveled in the fact that he was actually here , in her arms. He was embarrassed at how soon he felt his orgasm approaching, but there was nothing he could do to hold it back- she just felt too good. His fingers traced her body as his thrusts became more frantic, and she smoothed her hands down his back in comfort. As he moaned her name a flash of light caught her eye, and she looked over his shoulder to see a shooting star. She smiled, knowing she was already holding the one thing she would wish for, and she knew he wouldn't let her go again. "I'm sorry, Bella. It's just been so long. I-" Jasper wouldn't meet her eyes as he pulled out and disposed of the used condom, so she sat up and pulled him in for a hug. "I'm not sorry, Jas. I love you, and every second we spend together is perfect. Besides," she said, with a cheeky smile, "you can make it up to me next time." They spent another hour under the stars, until the pain in Bella's leg could no longer be ignored. She put on her panties and Jasper's shirt, knowing they would have to sneak in the house while his grandparents were asleep. The familiar routine was comforting to her, and she quickly fell asleep in his arms after swallowing some ibuprofen that Jasper insisted she take. Jasper pulled out his phone as he watched her sleep, and saw the text from Emmett that Rose was doing fine and they would be ready to travel with them as planned the next day. His temper flared again as he thought of stunt that had put his sister and girlfriend in such danger. Those girls were so spiteful. Jasper had always worried about Bella when she was being tossed up in the air, but he knew she was well-trained, and Rosalie was always there to catch her. Lauren and Jessica had always hated his favorite girls, because Emmett and Jasper never showed the least bit of interest in them. He couldn't wait until the rest of his friends graduated, and hopefully all joined him at college. He'd made a few friends on campus, mostly teammates, but it wasn't the same as the people he'd grown up with all his life. Knowing he needed to be well-rested for his game tomorrow, he settled down in bed, pulling Bella closer to rest her head on his chest. Holding her close, he drifted peacefully into dreams of college, his girl in a red cheer skirt, or maybe just his jersey, and all their friends back together again. The smell of bacon frying pulled him out of an intense dream that started with Bella walking down the aisle in a white dress, and ended with her writhing beneath him in a luxurious honeymoon suite. He was disappointed to find his bed empty and his morning wood woefully neglected. After a quick detour by the bathroom in the hallway, Jasper made his way to the kitchen where he stopped in the doorway to enjoy the view. His Nana was bustling around, still as spry as ever, and Bella was working with her seamlessly. They scrambled eggs, cut out biscuits, and cooked enough bacon and sausage to feed a small army. Emmett must be coming for breakfast. Bella looked up and caught him watching, and waved him over to help her at the stove. "Mornin', baby. I thought you needed your sleep," she greeted him with a smile and a kiss, warming him deep inside. "Can you stir the gravy for me? I need to get the biscuits out before they burn." Jasper dutifully accepted the whisk, carefully stirring the white gravy until it was the proper consistency. Nobody made gravy like his Bella, not even Nana, and she was the one who taught her. Sitting around the table while his Papaw said grace, Jasper thought about how blessed he truly was. He didn't know what the future held, but he knew Bella would be there by his side. He squeezed her hand under the table, so glad that he came home to her.