chapters until I could locate a beta. When a beta finally responded, I was so excited to have someone to talk to about the things I liked about my stories and about the fandom. The woman I met was Rosalie Hale, aka callumnswain; she lived in London, while I was destined to never leave Forks, Washington. We struggled sometimes to connect because of the time difference separating us. She was a godsend and an inspiration. She slowly worked on weeding out my problems while I wrote and posted more chapters. I never gave up reading and still read stories regularly, but still couldn't really find the ones that tickled my fancy. I would chat with Rosalie regularly through emails. She was a stylist in London, and often times, we would have to work around her schedule. I was thankful to have someone reading and correcting my mistakes though; so I couldn't complain. She was also there to inspire and encourage me through my journey in writing. I even bounced new ideas off her. When new plot bunnies would plague my brain, she was the first to know. She was the one who encouraged and supported me through the negative reviews I often received. I promised her that, if I ever made something of myself, she would be the first one to whom I sent a check. I used every opportunity to write. Even while sitting in the doctor's office, I jotted down thoughts about different stories. I had outlines and plans for every story I had. When things weren't busy at work, I wrote down ideas and would rewrite and plan them out. There wasn't a moment that I didn't have a pen in my hand, scratching down something to turn into a story. At night, as I crawled into bed, I would think about plot ideas. I placed a clipboard by the bed. When the ideas would come, I would lean over to write them down before I forgot them. Sometimes they pertained to stories I was writing at the moment, and sometimes they were epiphanies that would eventually get written and then put on the web for everyone to read. I advertised my stories everywhere possible. I posted on Fantasyjunkie, and even found a new website that catered to the same things as the other two. I posted my stories there, too. The stories had only been on the website for a couple of days when another beta found me. Alice Brandon, aka princessalice; she was a teacher and only lived a couple of miles from me, which was a great advantage; we usually had the same schedules. She helped to polish the work I had done and encouraged me as well. When Rosalie was unavailable, I could always turn to Alice. Often times, she would send me inspirational cards just to help me get through the hard times. There weren't too many, but you always had someone who didn't like the things you wrote. That was something I had to come to terms with. Standing in line at the grocery store, I saw some much need inspiration by way of an advertisement for Peninsula College. I had taken a couple of classes before Charlie got sick, so I decided to go back. I had nothing but time on my hands, and I wanted to better myself. So, the following day, I headed to the college and enrolled in their spring semester class, Introduction to Creative Writing course. When I go to the college, I took the test again. Even though I had taken it years ago when I was eighteen, I didn't see how I would potentially lose the knowledge I had back then. Once the tests were over, I waited for the advisor to come along and help me sign up for the class I wanted to take. "Ms. Swan," she said coming out of her office. I stood up and followed her. "My name is Mrs. Cope, and I will be your academic advisor. It is my understanding you wanted to sign up for classes?" she asked. "Yes, ma'am. I would like to sign up for the creative writing class," I said proudly. "That's great, but you're going to have to take a couple of classes before you get to that point. Not to mention the fact that you need to pick a major, and creative writing wouldn't be listed in some of those majors, but could be picked up as an elective." "Why can't I just take Creative Writing?" "Well, you have to have a couple required courses first. Remedial English would be one, plus Remedial Reading would also be required in your case." "How long before I would be able to take the classes?" "Depends on you really. When do you want to begin, and when you plan on taking the prerequisites?" "Do I have to pick a major right now?" I asked feeling like my world had come crumbling down on me. "No, you can go general. You can even graduate with a general major and be accepted to any college. You will have all the prerequisites out of the way for your career choice." "Can I come back when I've decided on what to do?" I asked. I wanted to take the creative writing course and that was all. I really had no use for a college education. I had money and didn't need to work; so what would be the point of getting a career? I left Mrs. Cope's office with a decision to make. Did I want to take the other classes? I headed to work, saddened by not being able to do the things I wanted. A/N: This is the story of my life so far, or at least my writing life. There will be more, and there will be some surprises. I hope. Thanks for reading and please show some love we all need it. Edward will be coming soon, I promise, lemons too. Hang in there!