out together, but it sure felt like it was heading that way. As her face became more bruised and less swollen she became a bit more confident. Carlisle's place was simple and sparse, she knew he probably didn't make a lot of money with his shelter but he clearly made enough to be comfortable. Bella loved listening to him talk about the animals, how excited he got when one was adopted. He was never sad when he got a new one, knowing that the ones that came to him would have a better chance than anywhere of finding a forever home. Bella had found work easy to go back to, easier than she would have thought. She booked three Jacob Black shoots in a row. She figured he was feeling guilty about what had happened to her, either way, he had become a dream to work with, for her anyway, he was still shitty to his crew. About a month after the assault, Bella found herself on her back porch with Carlisle watching Sam run around the yard. "It feels like he's always been here," Bella commented. "He has made himself right at home," Carlisle responded as Sam dropped the slobbery tennis ball in his hand and he threw it again. "Does he help you feel safer?" Bella nodded. "I do, I feel better knowing he is here with me." She didn't add that Carlisle made her feel safer too. She didn't want to put that on him or to be another lost animal that needed his help. "Bella…" Carlisle whispered and Bella turned to look at him. He was suddenly closer and looking down at her. Her heart started beating fast and she couldn't take the anticipation so she rose up on her toes and she flung her arms around him and she kissed him. Chapter 5 Life went on and the trauma of the past faded. Bella chose to focus on the new things in her life, Carlisle and Sam. Some days she wasn't sure who she loved the most. Carlisle reading to her became Bella's second favorite thing; him kissing her was the first. In the beginning, Sam would bark every time they kissed but he eventually got used to it and then changed to a single huff as he left the room. Carlisle's lips were heaven, and on her mouth were nice, but the things he did with them on other parts of her body were sinful. It had taken nine months for his house to go up for sale and only a week for it to sell. They both liked her place better, anyway. "Baby, you're killing me," she whimpered as he kissed on the inside of her thigh just above her knee. Carlisle answered by smiling up at her and trailing his lips up higher. By the time his lips brushed against her own, Bella felt like she was going to explode. She gripped his hair as his tongue pressed through her folds. Bella subconsciously pulled Carlisle's head down against her, her legs flopped open on the bed, and her head rolled back, moaning in pleasure. "Your mouth is sinful," Bella whispered. She had discovered early on in their sexual relationship that Carlisle loved when she talked during sex. "So good." His tongue slid into her and she released his hair to reach up and grab the headboard above her. Bella's back arched and she rolled her hips as he made love to her with his tongue. "Oh, oh, yes," she moan again as he coaxed an orgasm from her body. It was a little one, but it warmed her body and made her desire grow. As she started to come down, Sam plopped his head and his favorite stuffed toy on the bed by Bella's head. "Not now, boy," she said but as she went to swipe the toy off the bed, she saw something sparkle from in. Instead she grabbed the toy and lifted it up. On the mostly chewed neck of the stuffed dog, a ribbon hung with a diamond ring attached. It took her a moment to put it together and she looked down at Carlisle who was smiling up at her. "Will you marry me?" he asked. Bella opened her mouth but Sam barked before she could say anything. He wagged his tail and jumped, wanting to play. Bella grabbed the ring off the stuffed dog and then tossed it for Sam. "Yes," Bella whispered and pulled at Carlisle to move up and kiss her. He only stopped the kiss to break the ribbon off the ring and slide it onto her hand. Bella didn't have time to admire it as her body took over. Rolling them both, she straddled him, sinking down on him. She laid her body over his, and they exchanged kisses as they made love. His hand moved over her ass, cupping and kneading the firm flesh. The feeling of his desire always took Bella's breath away. She had never met anyone more perfect for her in every way. His firm lean body moved under hers, sliding in an out of her. She moved to sit up more, her hands on his chest as she built a faster pace. His hands touched her with reverence, finding as much love and desire in her body as she found in his. "Bella," he murmured softly as he often did when he was close. "Yes," she moaned long and low and she arched her back, angling him differently in her and it was enough to send her over the edge. Carlisle followed, his body arching off the bed as the strength of his orgasm rushed through him. Bella pressed herself back down to him and they shared soft sweet kisses and the loving words of a newly engaged couple. When they were both sated, Bella lay her head against his chest as he read her to sleep. A habit they would continue for years to come. The End