ripped through my chest and my stomach contorted painfully with need and desire. I could hear the throbbing of a heartbeat, as my eyes finally fell upon where the scent had originated. A pair of brown eyes stared back at me, widening in terror as she sensed the fierceness in mine, as I realised it was only ever going to of been her . Kaia Snow, our new intern… and my first ever human victim. No. Even as I struggled with the hunger, the need that burned within me stronger than the fires of hell, a far quieter part of me screamed in the horror of what I wanted to do. I had never taken a life… well, at least a human life before. How could I let four hundred years of denial and sacrifice go to waste in this one moment? How could I let myself be so tempted by a scent that I was willing to give up everything I had worked so hard for? Would I really allow myself to be so controlled by my monstrous urges that I would sacrifice the human shadow I had cloaked myself in, something that I desired more than anything else? But that scent! I watched as the unfortunate focus of my attention blinked once, her eyelashes fluttering as they pressed against their counterparts and her lips started to part from the shock of the realisation of the monster within me. I let my eyes drop from her face, only to land upon her neck, where I watched the rhythmic pulsation of her carotid under her too smooth skin, so soft and inviting… It called to me almost as powerfully as her scent did. I was losing this battle with my wills. That scent, the hypnotising rhythm of her carotid, the wet thumping of her heartbeat… The fact that I was surrounded by nearly one hundred people, most of whom held me in high regard, could not stop me from feeling tempted to rush across the space between me and this girl and sink my teeth into her carotid, to be greeted with the warm, delicious fluid that flowed within. I could almost taste it already. I could almost feel its warmth running down my throat… I have to leave. I wouldn't - I couldn't let myself be conquered by my inner demons. But how? How could I possibly deny myself what I wanted most dear? The sound, the sight, the scent … any one of these was enough to undo any other of my kind that had not abstained as I had insisted upon up till this night. How was I meant to resist all three? But I didn't have to resist all three, the last sensible part of my mind called. Sight, easy, just look away. I didn't need to see her pulse beating in her neck. I didn't have to see the gentle rise and fall of her skin. I just had to look away, just for a moment. Sound, a harder task, but not impossible. There were enough people around that that particular sound should have been drowned out anyway. I just had to reduce my focus on this girl/child. I could do that. And scent… Even though it was against my instincts - and my desire in that particular moment - I forced myself to stop breathing. It was uncomfortable, and the relief was incomplete, as her scent still played heavily on my mind, but it was enough. Distracted from her perfection, I sprang to my feet, refusing to look back towards her, refusing to walk at human speed as I fled the scene. My resistance was too weak for me to bother keeping up my human charade. In under a second, I had crossed the oval and was in my car, key already turning in the ignition as the engine roared to life, as I put it into gear and sped away. I didn't stop until I had reached my house, opening the windows as I gasped for air, allowing the clear night breeze to wash away the poison from my thoughts. I felt my body relax as sanity slowly returned to me. I was starting to feel like me again. What had just happened? Even though I had been a vampire for nearly four hundred years, even though I had lived surrounded by thousands of humans in that time, even though I had had their blood on me and around me for three hundred years now as part of my work, I had never smelt anything that came close to Kaia Snow. She was the wine that connoisseurs sought out their entire profession – the perfect bouquet. Every undertone in that scent called to me as though it would complete me. I had needed her blood as much as humans needed the air they breathed. In that moment, there was nothing else. This was not good, this was really not good. I had come to grips centuries ago that I was a monster, that some part of me would always be attracted to the scent of humans, but I had thought that I had developed some sort of immunity to it in the intervening centuries. I had practiced so long and so hard that I did not notice normal human blood anymore. It held nothing for me. I had even come to appreciate animal blood to some degree, but all that had paled in comparison to how Kaia Snow's blood had called to me. It was though I had never known how perfect blood could be. Did others of my kind feel this way? Was that why they could not control their thirsts? No – that could not be it. Kaia Snow was just different, she was one of a kind. No one else could smell as good as she did to me. She was an aberration. An aberration that I now had to deal with at work. This was going to be fun…