cancel the weekend in Vegas she'd booked for them. "Right. And you don't want Irina?" Carlisle shook his head, sliding from the stool. He set his mug down on the counter, and leaned forwards to within an inch of Bella's face. She sucked in a breath, blinking slowly. His eyes…so pretty. Masen had the same gray-blue. "I want you, Bella. I always have." The intensity of his stare, the heat from his palms as he glided them over her thighs, squeezing just below the point where leg met groin. She felt a familiar tingle at her core, the same tingle she felt every time she looked at Carlisle. It didn't matter whether he was driving her crazy or being sweet as sugar with their boy, he never failed to set her on fire. It was a curse he seemed to harbor willingly. "Carlisle…this isn't…we're not…" "We should be. You and me, and our boy." We should be. Bella agreed. She always had. But Carlisle had gotten with Boobs McGhee before Masen was born, and they'd stayed together throughout his residency and subsequent hiring at the local hospital, where he now practiced as a highly sought after orthopedic surgeon. Bella had never stopped wanting Carlisle, and had finally admitted to her therapist when Masen was six-months-old that she was in love with him, despite knowing he was with Irina. She'd dated a little, fooled around with one or two guys, but she'd never felt intensity like she had those two times with Carlisle. She'd never felt as though they were setting her on fire with their touch, their gaze. Even when she hated Carlisle for being late, she wanted to kiss him as soon as she saw him. "You're shitty and you always turn up late…" she breathed, groaning when he reached out with his tongue to trace her jawline. "I'll get a new alarm." "You have shitty taste in girlfriends." "I think I have pretty good taste, actually." Carlisle squeezed her thighs, to show he meant her. She sighed, tipping her head to let him trail kisses down over her throat to her collarbone, where he nipped gently. "I've never been your girlfriend." "Something I intent to make right, if you'll let me." He pulled away, fire dancing in his eyes as he held back to persuade Bella that what he said was true. He wanted her, all of her. "Please, Bella. I'm so done with pretending we aren't meant to be together. We'd be so amazing, if you'd just give us a chance." Bella whined, but her traitor hands slid up into his hair to tug, hard. The strands were soft and silky, her fingers feeling right at home within them. "If you fuck up, even once…" "I probably will, Bella, but I promise I'll do everything in my power to be the best man for you, the best dad for our little boy. I love you, Bella. I love you both. And I can't live without either of you, anymore. I've tried, and it doesn't work." I've tried too. You're right . Huffing, she dipped her head, letting her forehead rest against Carlisle's. "I love you. I've loved you for five years." It was the first time she'd allowed herself to say it since the therapy session. The relief she felt…it was instantaneous. The hunger in Carlisle's eyes as he tipped her face back was unmistakable, and mirrored within her chocolate brown orbs as they stared into one another's souls. "Be mine, Bella?" He growled, low and desperate. Bella closed the gap between their faces, brushing their lips together once, twice, three times, before feeling a lone tear roll over her cheek. "I've been yours, Carlisle. For a long damn time." He chuckled and cooped her from the stool, carrying her towards the stairs as her legs locked behind his back, arms winding around his neck. "Oh, sweetheart, you have no idea just how mine you're about to be." Dark eyes glinting, pussy getting wetter by the second against Carlisle's dick already at half-mast, Bella nipped the exact spot on his neck that she'd marked all those years ago, when they found each other for the first time. "Bring it on, handsome. Bring it on." ~ oOo ~ Picking Masen up from school together, for the first time, was weird, but in an incredibly good way. Bella and Carlisle had hashed out their differences, their worries and fears, and decided to throw their lot in together. Carlisle was selling his condo and buying a small house in the same neighborhood as Bella's parents, where they would live together. The three of them, and Dakota. They explained this to Masen, happy tears in both adults' eyes when he'd grinned ear-to-ear and told them he loved them both, but could he have ice cream now? As they sat on a bench overlooking the beach, their hands joined behind Masen's back, a vanilla cone in Bella's hand, chocolate in Edward's, and a tri-colored cone in Masen's, he'd snickered to himself behind his free hand. "What're you laughing at, buddy?" Carlisle had asked, looking at Bella with an amused, happier-than-ever sparkle in his beautiful blue eyes. Masen looked between his parents. "Mama, Daddy, look! We're like my ice cream!" Bella frowned, confused. "What do you mean, baby?" Rolling his eyes at his parents' evident stupidity, Masen pointed at each of their heads in turn, then at his, before looking pointedly at his cone. He kicked his little legs in contentment, and offered both of his parents matching, double-dimpled grins. "You're chocolate, Daddy's vanilla, and I'm strawberry." Brunette…Blonde…Rusty-blonde…I suppose it could be classed as strawberry-blond, Bella thought, finally coming around to his line of thinking. She smiled, squeezing Carlisle's hand as Masen sighed happily. "We're Neapolitan, Mama, Daddy. Neapolitan is my favorite ." Looking between her two favorite men, Bella echoed her son's happy sigh, and blew Carlisle a kiss over Masen's head. "You know what, baby boy? Neapolitan is my favorite, too."