well, try to contact me if you have any trouble getting here then. Goodbye Ms. Swan." Edward Cullen hung up the phone abruptly, while I just couldn't believe my luck. An opportunity to start over was handed to me on a silver platter. Shelly wasted no time bustling around to make arrangements for my trip. "We need to get you to a train station, and find you a direct trip to Port Angeles. Bella darling if I only knew what you were going through sooner…." she trailed off. I placed my hand on hers to reassure her. "Nothing happens before its time Mrs. Cope. Thank you for choosing me to share this with. I promise I won't waste the opportunity." Shelly drove me to Tempe to catch the train as promised, and she gave me money and food to last the duration of the journey. "It isn't much Bella, but it's all I can spare. Please take care of yourself." "I will." I vowed, embracing her and saying goodbye to the one person who ever truly cared about me." After two days of travelling on the train, bus and then ferry to Port Angeles, I stopped at a payphone to contact Edward Cullen. This time, a female voice answered. "Cullen's residence" the voice chirped. "Hi, is Mr. Cullen there? "Who wants to know?" she replied with an attitude. "Give me the phone Alice!" I heard some commotion going on in the background but stayed on the line. I was down to my last quarter. "SAR Center this is Edward." "Edwa-Mr. Cullen, hi. This is Isabella, Isabella Swan?" "Oh yeah, Ms. Swan! It's great to hear your voice. How's your trip coming along?" He asked. "Actually, that's why I'm calling. I'm in Port Angeles, I think. I'm using a payphone at the ferry terminal. I'm going to take a taxi now, to come to SAR Center" "You didn't waste any time huh? Okay, well just give the driver the address. You still have it right?" "Yeah, I do." "See you soon, Isabella." After hanging up with Mr. Cullen I got into the first taxi I saw in the line-up, gave him the address and sat back to enjoy the drive and try calming my nerves. The taxi stopped in front of a massive house. "Are you sure this is the right place?" I asked. "I don't think I'm in the right place." The driver grunted, told me it would cost me extra to drive around elsewhere, so that got me out of his car. I stared at the house for a while. It was by far the biggest I had seen on the street, and the most impressive. In front of me stood a three-story house, painted in a delightful shade of onyx, with white inserts here and there. It was built on a large, perfectly mowed green lawn, with a pebbled driveway and a big front yard. I couldn't even begin to imagine how anyone could afford such a house, so I walked across the lawn gingerly, to the front door. I paused for a moment before ringing the doorbell. There was a loud thump inside the house, followed by silence, then footsteps. A young girl, who looked slightly younger than I, swung open the door. Her facial expression changed dramatically, as she sized me up. Then, very subtly, she shrank back behind the door, and closed it in slightly so that only her face was exposed. "Can I help you?" She said dryly "Um, hello, my name is Bella. I'm looking for Edward Cullen please. He's expecting me." I covertly looked at my clothes. There were no rips or tears, my t-shirt and jeans were fairly clean and I didn't really look out of the ordinary. Then I remembered where I was and how all the homes looked, and understood the girl's apprehension. "Right, Edward's been expecting you. Come on in." I nodded, not saying anything, but just following the young girl indoors. The interior of the house was impressive. I tried not to linger too much on the expensive furnishings, but my gaze settled particularly on a portrait of a handsome young man. I gazed into his still lifeless green eyes, trying to comprehend why he looked so sad. His mouth wore a pout, and his forehead was creased. His head consisted of a thick mop of auburn hair, and was combed back neatly. He must've been Mr. Cullen's son, although I couldn't comprehend why Alice would call her father by his first name. Unless-" "That's my brother, Edward, when he wasn't paralyzed about five years ago." A sad voice whispered behind me. My suspicions were confirmed; Edward Cullen was the attractive boy in the photo, and he was going to be my mentor. This just got better and better. "What's your name by the way? My name's Alice." "I'm Bella, and I'm really grateful to you and Edward for opening up your home to me. I just-" "Woah, hold up. Nobody's opening up their home to you." Alice laughed derisively. "As far as I understand, you'll have you own room, your own bathroom and your own space. Translation: stay out of my space." I was stunned into silence by Alice's abrasiveness. If Mr. Cullen and Alice thought I ran away from one abusive vermin just to be harassed by an entitled teenage girl, they both had another thing coming. I followed Alice to a waiting are like an obedient little lamb, with nothing to do but hope and trust that everything would be alright. This was my second chance and I was going to make the most of it. Won't you help to sing These songs of freedom Cause' all I ever have Redemption Songs' Thank you for reading! Seeing as this is simply going to be a re-write, I estimate my update schedule would be once a week. Thanks for your support guys! Now leave me some love and tell me what you think. Xoxo Cakes