Carlisle met me at the door and wove his arm around mine and we headed towards his Mercedes like the gentleman he is he opened the car and shut it for me as I got comfortable within his leather seats I smiled as he wrapped my corsage around my wrist "Let's go the our dance Princess." he said making me blush as he sat in his car he took my hand in his "I'm really happy that you asked me Esme." he said I smiled and spoke as well "I'm really glad you said yes with all the girls falling at your feet I thought you were going to say no." I admitted "I said yes to you because you don't dress up with pretty clothes and makeup you are just you and you know your smart and beautiful." he told me I smiled and blushed again "Your yourself and I love that about you I really do." he said as I smiled more "Well I couldn't pick anyone but you to go to this dance." I said as we pulled up to the hall. He got out and again led me out like the perfect man that he was I happily accept his arm and we were on our way into the hall "After you my lady." Carlisle said as he let through the door first I chuckled and accept the peck on cheek he gave me "Carlisle you came with her other any girl in the school to go with you chose to go with queen of the brains." Bella snided as she sauntered over wearing a bright red dress "I chose Esme because she doesn't fall all over me she doesn't need makeup or clothing to impress me. She is herself and thats why I agreed to go with Esme plus she is the most beautiful woman in the room." Carlisle said smiling as he spoke I blushed and smiled back as Bella went back to her friends. "You know I was thinking about asking you for a while." I murmured as we danced "Why didn't you?" he asked "I thought that you would want someone else not a brain like me ." I admitted shyly as he held me tight as we danced "All those over girls they are so desperate and you were just you you talk not flirt with me that is why I like you are normal with me." he told as I smiled we danced forever that night and by the time the dance was over we were hand in hand as we made our way to his car he asked the most amazing question "Do you want to be my girlfriend?" he asked as we got into his car I smiled and asked him the same he agreed and I agreed and I was happy to announce that Carlisle and I were now boyfriend and girlfriend. "I can't believe his dating her she is the queen of the nerds I thought he would want someone you know hotter." I heard Bella Swan say as I entered the school "Don't let them bother you Baby I love you." Carlisle whispered in my ear as we sat together for class I smiled and thanked him and kissed his cheek before he gave me a close mouthed kiss before our teacher started the lesson during the lesson however we would play footies and had private conversations together about our upcoming date we were going to the festival that was in town there were rides such as the love boat and ferris wheel as well as the thrilling rides plus we always looked foreward to eating our favourite carnival food. "Come on baby let's go the Love Boat." Carlisle murmurwd as we walked around hand in hand I was wearing a checked shirt with black pants while he wore a white button down shirt with jeans I nodded and smiled as we walked towards the ride his arm around my waist I knew this was right it just felt I knew I was going to be with him forever. A year later A lot of things changed since last year we all graduated Carlisle and I swore ourselves to each in the most romantic of ways it was perfect under the stars after a romantic picnic dinner we passed with him being Dux and me having the highest achievement award. I smiled as we moved out together we were finally moving in together for college and we were young happy and in love with each other. After five years we got our degrees me being in interior design and building houses and Carlisle becoming a doctor we had our professions they we dreamed of. "Es this is where we first had our full on conversation." he said we sat on the old swingset I nodded knowing that he was speaking truth he chuckled nervously and began to speak "Because of that reason it seems fitting that i would ask you this..." i watched as he began to kneel down and pulled out a beautiful ring box "Esme Anne Platt will you do me the honour by coming my wife." I felt tears starting to fall "Yes of I will marry you." he smiled and slid the ring on my finger and picked me up and spun me around and around. We got married 6 months later and for a wedding gift he bought me an island and named it after me Isle Esme we had a great time especially how spent it our love for each other pouring it out as we pleased. a month after we returned I took a pregnancy test and discovered I was pregnant. 8 months later we were blessed with birth of our daughter Bree Alice Cullen. 3 years after Bree's birth we were blessed again with a boy Jasper Alexander Cullen we were complete and happy and that is how we spent the rest of our lives. THE END