a little cramped with us all there. "You're just jealous that you don't have a girl cooking for you." "Awww, thanks, babe." Getting on my tiptoes, I placed a quick kiss on his lips before giving his arm a push. "Now all of you out. Out. We're busy making food and I'm busy learning from Chief Emily." I allowed Sam to remain next to Emily, because, you know, he was the leader and still scared me slightly. But I got the rest of them to go out. Jacob laughed and made some sort of comment about liking when I took charge while Paul refused to leave until he got his pop. Jared and Embry went easy enough so that was nice. Emily and I added the last couple ingredients in the spaghetti sauce before starting on the alfrado sauce. I once again helped get all the ingredients together before she had me start on the pasta. And a lot of pasta it was. Filling two very large pots with water I had Sam, who was still in the kitchen just standing off to the side watching Emily, lift them on the back two burners of the stove. Throwing in some salt, I left them to boil, stirring the nearly ready while I waited. Sam told Emily about how the patrol had gone and I listened while I stirred. They hadn't seen victoria in a while, but knew she was still out there so they had to remain ready. When the water was ready, Emily and I both dumped in I don't even know how many boxes of pasta into each one. We then took a side and switched between stirring the sauce or noodles. Sam exited the kitchen for a few minutes before returning with what looked like a map and a notebook. He took his papers to the table where he sat down and probably started figuring out a new plan. Just as Emily and I were draining the noodles, each of us holding a side of the pot, the phone started to ring. "Sam, could you get that please." "Yes, dear." It was still so weird to hear someone so physically frightening sound so sweet and loving. Getting up from the table, he walked over to the phone and placed it to his ear. It was old and looked just like the one that we had in our kitchen only Emily's was a light tan color. "Sue, calm down. What happened?" Sam asked moments after answering the phone. Emily and I both stopped what we were doing, turning to look at the wolf leader. "Wait, Leah? Sue, are you sure?" There was a pause as Sam listened to what was said on the other end of the phone, Emily and I standing silently, waiting to known why he looked so stressed all of a sudden. All we knew that it was Sue Clearwater on the other end of the line. We watched as he suddenly started nodding his head. "We'll get them. Don't worry." Hanging up the phone, he was quick to turn around and fill us in on what had happened. "That was Sue. She said that she just got into a fight with Leah, which resulted in her phasing. Seth was in the room and phased as well. They both ran off into the woods." Emily placed a hand over her mouth, stunned. Those were her cousins. Seth was so young and Leah… well, Leah was a girl. I didn't mean to be sexist, but I didn't think that there were any female wolves. "Don't worry, Emily. I'm going to go find them. Help them," Sam assured his imprint, crossing the kitchen to stand in front of her. "I promise." Emily looked up at him, worry in her eyes. "I know you will." Sam placed a kiss on the top of her head before moving down to her lips. They lingered there for no more than a second before he straightened up, a hard expression on his face. The expression of an alpha. "Paul, Jared," he called, turning away from us. It took only a few seconds before his pack was standing in front of him. "Jacob, Embry. We're splitting into teams. Paul, you're with me, we're going to the Clearwater house. Jared, you're taking the coastline. Jacob and Embry, you two are running the treaty line. Make sure they don't cross it." The boys just nodded their heads, noting even wasting time to ask who they were looking for. Either they already heard Sam explain it to us or they knew they would get the details when they wolfed out. Sam nodded his head and the pack of them headed out the front door to find the newest members of their pack. "Well it looks like dinners going to be late…" I commented as the door swung shut. Authors Note:: Guys! I finally finished the first chapter! It only took, what, five months. I just want to say that I am so so sooo sorry that it took me so long to get this out for you all. I hope you accept this hella long Alex/Jacob and Alex/Wolf Pack chapter as my apology. I honestly think I wrote and rewrote it, like, a million times because I had no idea how I wanted to start it. Seemed like it would be more interesting and appealing to you all if I had little snippets of the following month then just having a small section of where we left off before skipping ahead a month and a half. Anyway, thanks for being so supportive and patient. Love you all! :) 10-27-2015: this chapter has now been split into two because I was working on my own twilight timeline and found a point where I was off by a couple weeks. The easiest fix was to just make up another little filler. So there ya go, now you got to find out when Leah and Seth first phased!