wearing underneath was tight, and there would be no denying my pregnant belly. I kept my head down after I pulled off my hoodie, afraid to look up and see his shock, or even disgust. I'd gotten used to those looks from Edward as I slowly grew larger, but Mike surprised me once again. He ghosted his hand across my stomach—not lingering, but just enough to let me know he acknowledged that it was there. Then his warm hands gently cupped my breasts, caressing them with the perfect mix of tenderness and passion. For a few moments he didn't move, and I chanced a look at his face only to find him staring at my chest with the goofiest smile on his face. I had no idea what to make of it, so I cupped his jaw and murmured his name, "Mike?" He still didn't meet my eyes, but his answer made me laugh for the first time in months. "Shh! I'm touching Bella Swan's boobs! Give me a minute to enjoy this!" We laughed together until the motion of our bodies together reminded us what we were originally doing. Mike leaned in and captured my lips again, while his hands began lifting my shirt to give him unhindered access to my breasts. I couldn't stop my embarrassingly loud moan as his nimble fingers unhooked my bra, and his gentle hands caressed my aching nipples with just the right amount of pressure. He echoed me as he pressed up against my hips, reminding me that there were still too many clothes between us. Praying my own hands wouldn't shake, I reached between us and unbuttoned his pants, trying to look confident as I unzipped them. It was a bit disorienting to find his underwear beneath them, but I supposed that was one more ordinary human thing to get used to. It was Mike's turn to groan as I slipped my hand into his boxers and wrapped it around him. I smiled as I caressed him, secretly pleased that I at least knew what I was doing, even if he was quite different from Jake in so many ways. I was hurt for a moment when he grabbed my wrist to stop my movements, but his urgent kiss and sheepish grin reassured me. "That feels amazing, but I don't want to come until I'm inside you." We shifted around, moving together easily, and I found myself in the center of the bed, with my head resting on a pillow that smelled just like Mike. He knelt between my legs, looking up at me over my body as he slowly pulled my sweatpants and panties down. I flushed with embarrassment as he took in my changing body, but he just grinned and dove in. I choked on my breath as he worked me with his fingers and tongue—it felt amazing. Jake had tried before, but his mouth was so hot that it was more uncomfortable than pleasurable—like being scalded with a hot shower. I hadn't even wanted to try with Edward—I couldn't imagine how the cold would feel. Mike was the exact perfect temperature—warm, soft, and human. I didn't even know what sounds came out of my mouth as his fingers moved confidently and his tongue caressed me with just the right amount of pressure in just the right place. My orgasm took me to another plane, and I could only stare at Mike in wonder as he sat back with a cocky smile. Once I regained my breath, I grabbed his arm and pulled him toward me. "Get down here," I growled, channeling my own inner wolf. He paused long enough to slip on a condom—something else I was unfamiliar with, given my current condition—and then he sat against the headboard next to me. "Come here, sweetheart," he said, patting his legs as he reached to help me up, "I don't want to hurt the baby so you better be on top." I could feel something shifting as I knelt above him, and his eyes were shining as I lowered myself, bringing us together for the first time. He held my hips, pressing his lips to my shoulder as he panted, "Just give me a minute, I just need a minute." I ran my hands through his hair, waiting for him to regain his composure, and it didn't take long for his lips to shift down from my shoulder to my breast. I took that as a clue to start moving, and he raised his head to capture my lips as we moved together. He was attentive even as he chased his own release, moving his hand between us to work my clit like the master he apparently was. As sensitive as I was, it didn't take me long, and I was actually pleased when he followed soon after. I could feel his face warming where it rested against my chest, and it took him a few minutes to look up at me. "I'm sorry, Bella. I swear I can last longer," he told me, looking more embarrassed than I'd ever seen him. "It's just, this has been my favorite fantasy for almost two years! You're amazing!" I laughed gently as I leaned in and kissed him softly, trying to remind him of his earlier stipulation that this wouldn't be a one time thing. "It's okay, Mike. We'll just have to keep trying," I told him with a wink. That seemed to boost his spirit, and he kissed me again before lifting me off his lap so he could get up and dispose of the condom. He turned back and looked at me from his bathroom door. "I just have one very important question to ask you, Bella." I froze, wondering what on earth would make him look so serious. "Which side of the bed do you prefer?" I laughed as I settled back against the pillows. The side didn't matter—I'd found the bed, and the man, that was just right...