the bed away from me. "Isabella Marie, settle down right now and act your age. You need fluids and this is the quickest way to get them in you. Now hold still," I said grabbing her arm. I used vampire speed and before she knew it I had located a vein and rubbed the lidocaine stick on the area and inserted the IV in her arm. It was flowing in her and she was still protesting not even aware I had put it in her already. "No Dad it's going to hurt, stop it," Bella yelled at me. I calmly adjusted the flow and Bella saw me and noticed the IV tube. "What's that?" She asked. "Your IV, I'm adjusting the flow," I said to her. "You put it in already?" Bella asked. "Yes I did," I said to her. "I-I didn't even feel it," Bella said with a smile. "I told you I was good," I said giving her a smile back. "Wow Dad, that was impressive. You did that so fast Bella didn't even feel it. You're an awesome doctor," Seth said proudly "Thank you Seth. I've had a lot of practice," I said smiling at him. "Yeah, I can't believe how fast you did that. You're better than 'Dr. Pepper' Daddy Vamp," Jake said grinning. "Oh brother, what a groaner," Leah said. "No kidding," Seth agreed. I just shook my head and smiled. "Uh…Dad…those things I yelled at you…I-I didn't mean to yell…to yell…at you…," Bella said sheepishly. "Yes you did," I said simply to her and giving her a disapproving look. "You're…you're not mad at me…are you?" Bella asked. "No I'm not mad at you, just disappointed you didn't trust me enough to allow me to do my job as your doctor, but we'll take care of that when I do my job as your father," I said raising my eyebrows at her. "Gulp! What…what do you…you mean?" Bella asked now realizing she may be in trouble. "Uh oh, Bella's gonna get a spanking," Jake teased laughing. "So are you if you don't stop with your antics," I warned him. "I never get to have any fun," Jake complained. "Not when it's at someone's expense and Bella was upset and you didn't help the situation by egging it on," I said crossly to him. "You remember what Dad did to you when you played that prank on Rosalie and it backfired," Leah pointed out. "You would bring that up," Jake said giving Leah a dirty look. "Well Bella, to answer your question, let's see. You were told to stay inside because you were sick and it was cold and damp out. Not only did you disobey me, but you fell asleep and got soaking wet and made yourself sicker, not to mention you did not have your phone with you and you are supposed to be reachable at all times. We covered that little matter before, so I'd say you and I need to have a little chat in my study later," I informed her. "Uh…how much later?" She asked. "Oh don't worry, I want to make sure you are all well so we can have a nice long, meaningful session in my study," I said looking her in the eyes. "On second thought, unplug the IV," Bella said. "Bel-la!" I cautioned her. As the IV began replacing her fluids, Bella was looking better already but I checked her over thoroughly and concluded she didn't help her cold any but would be okay if she stayed warm and I gave her some Tylenol to help her with the achiness. She was very chilled and I covered her with blankets until the IV was through. I then made her some nice chicken soup and made sure she ate some along with some hot tea. She was better but was very tired. After the IV finished I took her up to her room so she could lay in her and Edward's bed and be more comfortable. I really wanted to scold her some more but she needed rest now and that would be dealt with later. So for the time being she got a reprieve but knew she had not heard the last of this. Walking back downstairs, I heard Jake and Seth going back and forth. I walked into the kitchen and began making my wolfies dinner. They were all sitting down and eating after I whipped up an easy supper for them. "Leah, thank you for assisting me," I said to her. "No problem Dad, I enjoyed it. Although I really wanted to stick Jake," Leah said knocking him on the shoulder. "Yeah, laugh it up," Jake said to her. "Dad, I never seen you work as a doctor before. You're awesome," Seth said to me. "Thank you Seth, I appreciate that," I said to him. "What a brownnoser! You must want something," Jake said to him. "I don't want anything, I was serious," Seth said back to him. "Don't mind him Seth, he's just embarrassed cause he was too chicken to get an IV in his arm," Leah said teasing him. "I didn't see you offering your arm," Jake said back to Leah. "I didn't have to, you were supposed to be the example," Leah reminded him. "Kiss my tail," Jake said to her. "All right, enough. Eat your dinner and then Jake and Seth, get upstairs and do your homework," I said to them. "Oh boy, hurry and eat up Seth, we get to do homework," Jake said snidely. "Don't get smart," I said to him. "Good, then I don't have to do homework," Jake replied laughing. Seth laughed too. They both gave each other the hi-five. "Jacob and Seth!" To Be Continued… Please Review! It's fun to get reviews… A/N: In my stories before Jake, Leah and Seth were adopted, Jake called Carlisle "Daddy Vamp". After they were adopted, Jake called him 'Dad'. Seth and Leah began calling them Mom and Dad sooner.