I jumped at the opportunity. I flew in from Chicago a week in advance and played tourist while Edward worked. Edward was always working and while his career as an investment banker had skyrocketed he had an almost non-existent social life. I'd dragged him out Saturday night and he brought me to his neighborhood pub The Kings Head. We settled in a both for four and ordered two pints of beer. I was noshing on beer battered mushrooms with smoked paprika and lemon mayo when I noticed a very attractive blond sitting at the bar drinking a cider. She was definitely my type. She had long dark blond hair that was up in a simple ponytail showing off a long graceful neck. From her profile alone, I could tell she had magnificent boobs; she looked like she was a 36 D or maybe even double D. Her waist was slim and her legs looked long in dark jeans and killer stilettos. I pointed her out to Edward and she must have felt us staring at her because she turned to look at us. She was eating a brownie; actually she was savoring it and it looked like she was moaning in pleasure. I watched her lips and had to adjust myself. She caught us looking again and smiled. We both smiled back and Edward commented on her green eyes and cute little button nose. I agreed with him while I checked out her cute little ass. I had a vision of her straddling me as I kneaded that ass and sucked on her nipples. My brother snapped me out of my fantasy and admonished me for my thoughts. Apparently, I have a grin that just gives me away every time. We were fighting about who was going to invite her over to join us when two girls came up to the table and sat down. The brunette was Edward's neighbour Angela and the strawberry blond was her friend Tanya. Angela was very nice, an American working at the Victoria and Albert Museum in the restoration department. She had taken me on a private tour on Tuesday. Tanya was British and managed a popular gentlemen's club in Soho. She was constantly hitting on Edward even though he was always telling her he was not interested. I looked over Angela's head to see the bar but my fantasy girl was gone. I sighed and started listening to what Angela was saying. Edward used me as an excuse to leave early and we were back at his flat by eleven. Edward insisted on helping me pack when we got back to his flat. I'd pretty much worn jeans all week but I knew one was expected to dress to impress on the train. I brought two three-piece suits with me and several different shirts and ties. I also had jeans, T-shirts and two pairs of shorts. My older brother had to give me credit and I basked in it until he slapped me upside the head. We decided I should wear my gray pants and jacket with a blue shirt and tie for the morning. Once everything was packed in two suitcases I collapsed on the bed. "Tired Bro?" Edward inquired with a smirk. "Sort of. I'm glad I told Alice that I was only arriving on Tuesday. I know this is the Orient Express but I still can't picture myself having a good nights rest on it. I couldn't handle Alice Monday evening." "I don't blame you, Tigger couldn't handle Alice without a few nights of sleep." We both started laughing. Alice was our baby sister and what she was lacking in height she more than made up with energy. Our mother once said she out tinked Tinker Bell and it was true. We called her the evil pixie mostly behind her back. Alice would turn 30 on September 25th and we planned on taking her out for a night of dinner and dancing. Alice extended her neck so she could claim to be 4"10. She has black hair cut short in a pixie style, kind dark brown eyes, a small rack to match her tiny body and a love of all things fashion related. I was three years older than her and Edward five. We towered over Alice since I was 6"5 and Edward was 6"2 but she had us both wrapped tightly around her pinky and she was constantly barging into our lives. It didn't matter that I was in Chicago, Edward in London and she resided in Venice she manipulated us via long distance. Edward had it worse than I did since he was only an hour and a half flight away and she had the key to his flat. "Are you going to go to the train station with me?' I asked. "No can do, I have a meeting at nine sharp. Don't forget your Kindle. I know you, the scenery will get boring after a few hours." "So will reading. I think I'll eat my way through the trip." "Now that sounds like you Em. I'm going to go to bed. I'll wake you up at seven so we can have breakfast together." "Cool, I think I'll go to bed too. Make sure the coffee maker is set this time." "I'll do it right now. Night." "Night." I thought about my fantasy girl again, picturing her perfect lips leaving kisses all the way down my body. My hands gripping that long dark blond hair to keep her in place as she used her talented tongue and luscious mouth on me. Just thinking about her was making me hard and I knew I'd never get to sleep unless I did something about it. I pictured Alice in a three way and little Emmett died very quickly. Now I needed brain bleach to get that image out of my mind. I thought of fuzzy puppies playing in a field and then I started counting them until I was asleep.