when he sees her. I give her a quick hug, and wish her good luck. She puts on her best fake smile, and walks to his car. He opens the door for her, and she gives him a slight nod, and she slips into the passenger seat. He closes it gently, and does a very fast walk to his side of the car. He gets in and he pulls out of the student parking lot. Many people were staring at them, but the one that caught my eye was Embry. He looked very pissed off. Quil put a hand on his shoulder, and he just strugged it off. He turned around and stomped off in the opposite direction of Jason and Stacey. Jacob and Quil follow him, shouting his name. I look around the almost empty parking lot, and I notice one set of eyes. I look into the deep, brown eyes of Jared Cameron. He is standing right beside me, just looking at me. I gave him a small smile, and we just stood there in silence. "So Kim, um you got any plans for tonight?" He said this as he rubbed the back of his neck. I wanted to ask him why he is even paying attention to me now, but I didn't dare ruin this moment. "No Jared...I have no plans for tonight, but I did promise my mom that I would cook tonight, and clean the house before my sleepover tomorrow night." It wasn't a lie. I did have to cook and clean tonight, and if I didn't and she has been drinking all day, I will surely get a beating. When I said that, he looked very dissapointed. I wish I could of said no, I am free tonight, but I knew I couldn't. "Can I drive you home atleast? It looks like it is going to rain again. Don't want you to get sick and not be able to make your sleepover tomorrow night." I thought on his offer, for what felt like ten minutes, but probably was only for like minute. I nodded my head and said. "Sure." We walked to his car, and he opened the door for me. I smiled at him as I slid into his car. He closed the door very gently, like he was afraid he would break his car if he slammed the door shut. Then walked to his side, and got in the car. We pulled out of the parking lot, and the only words that were said were me giving him my address. It took about 20 minutes to get to my house. He pulled right infront of my house, and I couldn't tell if my mom was home or not. The car wasn't in the driveway, but that doesn't mean anything. I said thank you to Jared, and he told me anytime I would like a ride home, all I have to do is ask. Before I could get out of the car, he handed me a piece of paper, and told me that he ment what he said. I just nodded my head. As he pulled away, I opened up the paper, and saw that it was his phone number. I run inside my house, and straight into my room. I jumped on my bed, and I literally pushed my face into my pillow and screamed with joy. After I had my little freak out session, I put his number in my phone. I looked up at my clock on my beside table, and realize that I should get dinner started. I walked quietly out of my room, and into the kitchen. I get dinner started and I go and see if my mother is home. She isn't, and I hope she isn't for the rest of the night. I finish dinner, do the dishes and put the left overs in the fridge. I don't even bother to make a plate for her. If she is hungry, she will just eat from the containers that I leave in the fridge. I clean up the house, lock the door and all the windows, and go and have a quick shower. After my shower I go and do my homework for the rest of the evening. Before I left the bathroom, I grabbed a glass of water and put it on my bedside table, with my toothbrush and toothpaste. I push my dresser and my other side table infront of my door. When I'm done using my desk, I will push it there also. I wonder how Stacey's date is going. I haven't heard anything from her since we said goodbye at school. Maybe I should message her, but if the date is going good, I don't want to be rude and interrupt it. I'll message her before I go to bed. Should I message Jared? I'm sorta torn on that. My mind keeps saying no, but my heart keeps saying yes. I will message him after I'm done my homework. I spend another 40 minutes on my homework, and then I push my desk infront of my door. I put on sweat pants, socks, a bra and a t-shirt on. I have my backpack with my finished homework, ready to go by the window on my chair, that has a sweater and a jacket on the back of it, and my running shoes are just infront of my chair, ready to be slipped on. I have my duffle bag ready to go also. It is filled with clothes for the weekend. I also have my sack of dirty laundry ready to go also. I do laundry alot at the Pearson household. I chickened out on messaging Jared. I couldn't text him. Not yet anyways. I text Stacey to see how her date went Jason went. She text me back quickly saying that she will tell me all about it when I see her tomorrow. We said goodnight to one another, and I fell asleep.