I didn't think I could spend another night of his and Eliza's cute couple moments. "Out!" Eliza demanded. "Come on, Angel. Let me stay, I'll behave!" "You never behave," Eliza reminded him, a sly smile on her face. "Well, I'll give it the old college try." "Brady," Eliza sighed. I could see in her eyes that she didn't want to send him away, but she was trying to do whatever she thought would make me happy. "He can stay," I consented, somewhat begrudgingly. Brady nor Eliza noticed my animosity. "Thanks, Lilly! I love ya!" "Did you really refer to Amanda Seyfried as the sexy blonde?" Eliza frowned, raising an eyebrow at him. "You're one to talk, Mrs. Tatum," Brady retorted, bouncing a finger off of her nose. "Were you spying on us?" "Accidental overhearing, maybe," Brady grinned. "I hate you!" "Yeah, right." Oh great, more of Eliza and Brady's cute couple bickering. "So… are we going to watch a movie or what?" I asked, hoping I didn't sound cranky. They both turned to me."Yeah," they said in almost perfect synchronization. Then they looked at each other and smiled. It was impossible to not be happy for them when they did adorable things like that. "Please, not a movie with lots of kissing. That's gross," Amelia stated. I'd nearly forgotten that she was here, that Eliza and I were supposed to be babysitting her. "I agree, Melia," I said, stroking her hair and smiling down at her. Most ten year olds were completely obnoxious and agitating, but Amelia was as precious as ever. Perhaps more perceptive than she used to be, but precious all the same. "Kissing movies are gross." "I feel like Claire and Quil live in a kissing movie. I'm glad Claire doesn't live here anymore. Her and Quil kiss a lot. Who wants to see that? Besides, now I have her bedroom. It's my room now," she chattered animatedly. Eliza laughed. "But you miss me living here, don't you Melia?" "No. You were messy. And you snored." "I did not !" Eliza screeched. "You're a very cute snorer," Brady chuckled. Eliza punched him lightly on the arm. Eventually we decided on some typical zombie movie that had Amelia scared in about ten minutes. She went to her room to play with her dolls, and I nearly joined her. The movie wasn't bad, but Eliza and Brady cuddling on the other side of the couch was a tad distracting. All I wanted was to take my mind off of romance for an hour and a half, but apparently that was just too much to ask for. I had almost managed to immerse myself in the movie—a zombie was hiding in the main character's back seat and he had no idea. Idiot.—when there was a knock at the door. "I'll get it," I stated, eager to get away from the lovebirds. "Thanks, Lilly," Eliza said, although she didn't take her eyes off of Brady. I wondered if I'd ever be accustomed to seeing her so openly displaying her affection. "Wonder who it is," Brady questioned aloud, sounding like he already was sure of the answer. I didn't think to be suspicious till it was too late and I was opening the door. My heart lurched. Of course. Of course just when I was maybe getting close to distracting myself. Embry. Smiling. Holding flowers. "Happy Birthday, Lilly!" He said, pulling me into his arms and hugging me tightly. Being around Embry was like finally breathing oxygen after hours of holding my breath. Ironic, considering that being around him was also the reason I couldn't breathe in the first place. "Hi, you're crushing me," I told him, even though it wasn't true. If I hugged him any longer I probably wouldn't have let go at all. "Oh, yeah, sorry," Embry released me, holding up the flowers. "Lilies. Really, Embry?" I asked. He smirked and shrugged. "I thought you had to work tonight? What are you doing here?" "I had a little . . . disagreement with the manager." "A disagreement?" I questioned, stepping aside to let him in the house. "Well, I splashed coke in his face. And got fired." "Embry!" "I was provoked! Besides, I hated that job anyway. Trying to make me work on your birthday, yeah right." He placed the flowers in my hands and shut the door behind him. "What are we going to do with you?" I giggled, heading to the kitchen to find a vase for the lilies. "I guess you'll just have to sell me in exchange for a few loaves of bread," Embry replied, his voice much closer than I had originally thought. I jumped. "You really shouldn't sneak up on people like that," I chided. When I turned around he was less than a foot away from me. My face felt hot. He was so tall. So handsome. So . . . infuriating. "Are we finishing the movie or what?" Eliza asked, popping her head into the kitchen. "What are you guys watching?" "I don't remember the name. Some zombie movie." "Zombies are ridiculously unrealistic," Embry scoffed, making his way into the living room. "Says the werewolf," Eliza noted. "Whatever," he huffed, "Lilly, you coming?" No. No. No. I wanted to leave. I would rather run as far away from this house as possible. Bury my head in the slushy remains of snow on the sidewalks. Drown myself in the ocean. Hide in the tallest tree in the deepest part of the forest. I did not want to be around Embry and pretend like everything was absolutely normal. I did not want to sit on a couch wedged between the world's happiest new couple and the guy I wanted to kiss more than anything. I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't— "Yeah, I'm coming." This chapter was kind of a shorty, I'm expecting the other ones to be longer. See you all next time! PLEASE REVIEW! Love you, my sunshines.