that is all that matters. We can always build him a kennel." "Aro!" Bella admonished. "He is my best friend. I can't believe that Jake will be happy with her diet choices. He will find it very hard being here. It will be wonderful to see him again though." "Yes Jane has already raised that point with me as well." Aro continued with a laugh. "She is following your example Caius and trying the animal diet, we know how much you enjoy it." Bella kissed him gently, "Thank you again." She whispered. "I imagine they will not spend a great deal of time here. We will miss her but she will always be family. It will be fascinating to see one of the shifters up close I gather Felix finds them very amusing company." Aro chuckled. Bella laughed. "Yes I imagine he would. Felix is very like Emmett he finds fun in almost everything. I do not want to even begin imagining the trouble they could get into if given the opportunity. " "Yes well is there anything else of note other than the adoption of a family pet?" Caius asked "Well actually I wanted dear Bella's opinion on what form of punishment we should give the Cullen's." "Punishment?" Bella asked "Well yes they did break our laws by allowing you to know of our world and not turn you. Not to mention that boy needs to be knocked down several pegs. Or just destroyed, I prefer the latter myself." Caius added helpfully. "Honestly Caius you cannot simply destroy everyone who annoys you." "Why not, Be almost peaceful round here? You'd go for a start Aro." "Yes, Yes I am fully aware of this dear brother. So Bella what do you want us to do?" "I have to say I haven't really thought about it. When Edward left I was heartbroken and in hindsight behaved stupidly. Our relationship wasn't good, he was controlling and very intense. Hell he used to watch me sleep. He has such a martyr complex he will probably almost enjoy spending eternity bemoaning the loss of the "love of his existence" to the devil incarnate." She said making the appropriate air quotation marks with her fingers and a grimace on her face. Arc laughed out loud at that. "You are absolutely correct dear one. But if not for his "martyr complex" you would not be here." Caius copied her hand gesture with a smirk. She knew that. She remembered that day from months ago. She had been so focused on stopping Edwards's theatrics, by killing himself because she had died, or so he thought, he would have destroyed his family. She didn't want him anymore but she didn't want that on her conscience. They had entered the throne room and she had only needed one look at Caius to know he was her future. Aro had been practically skipping with glee. Edward had of course tried to stop her going to Caius. "She is mine" he had yelled and then lunged at Caius in a manner similar to her launch at him this morning. He too had ended up in the wall. Alice had been horrified by Edwards's stupidity having seen the entire family killed and screamed at him what an idiot he was. Bella had had to beg that they be allowed to leave but only after telling Edward she was not his and that "you left me remember, you didn't want me, and you certainly never wanted me forever." Oh yes he would 'dine out' figuratively on that one for ever. After several intense conversations with the brothers and on seeing Bella's distress at the thought of her father and friends in danger they had agreed to send people to hunt Victoria and check on her family. "Well perhaps we should thank him for his kindness in arranging our introduction" Caius said. "We will need a pianist at the wedding." "Don't be cruel," She laughed," besides he might decide to commit suicide by idiot and play the lullaby he wrote for me instead of the wedding march and that would ruin the mood." "What would, his suicide or the lullaby" "The lullaby" They all chorused at once. …. As they lay side by side that evening Bella thought about the decisions that had been made. Carlisle was to be told to take a break from practicing medicine for about 100 years. Give people a chance to forget the ultra-handsome, far too qualified doctor that kept turning up in small towns. Did he really not think hospitals never communicated with each other, or that staff never moved then never became patients? Far too risky. Same as the "kids" a 100 year break for them as well, some students did actually become teachers or professors. They were bound to cross paths with people who recognised them sooner or later. They did kind of stand out. They were all to be 'offered' positions in Volterra and keep their diet for that period if they wished although they would be monitored, or they would be sent into seclusion somewhere, far from shops, Bella's revenge for 'Bella Barbie'. Caius thought Siberia would be good. She was fairly sure Alice, Jasper, Emmett and Rosalie would stay here. It had also been agreed that Jake would give her away at her wedding, well, be asked, but she was confident he would agree. She didn't relish the thought of Edward being here for the next century but she doubted Caius would allow him to wind her up too much, that seemed to be a privilege he liked to keep just for himself. Speaking, well thinking of him he was kissing her neck and breasts and she hadn't even noticed, how the hell did she get so distracted? "I am so sorry" she whispered. He gazed down at her fondly Turning and pressing her into the bed with his entire body he whispered into her lips. "It's because you are new, its normal"