a thousand years my junior calling me 'son', but I know that is the eternal curse of my youthful appearance. Stepping toward my master, I nod to Bella to pull Felix under her shield. This is one aspect I have yet to master- my gift affects all who fall under its radius. That's why Bella is such a good match for me, and we work together so well. Felix begins to struggle as soon as he has control of his body, but the Major is in his face, snapping his teeth in warning. "Hey there, big fella. This might hurt just a bit..." I choke back completely inappropriate laughter at the use of my sister's catchphrase, but the Cullens work swiftly and Felix is in pieces and burning in just under two seconds. Bella heaves a sigh of relief, and I take the chance on wrapping my arm around her in a show of possession and comfort. She leans into me, putting one arm around my waist, as she holds onto our master's cloak with the other. The next executions are more difficult. I completely anesthetize Chelsea and Afton, while Marcus quickly rips and burns them. This was necessary, as Marcus no longer wanted to force the guard to serve. Those that chose to remain would do so of their own volition, not out of forced bonds of servitude. A new age was dawning in Volterra. I walk alone to the castle tower, putting the wives and Corin under my power. Sulpicia is quickly dispatched, and I release the others so that I can lead them to the throne room. Caius quickly pulls Athenadora to him, and Corin hovers near her uncertainly. I doubt she is in any danger, since Cauis's wife is undoubtedly addicted to her power, and it will be necessary to keep her around. With the killings done, I am once again drawn back to Bella, and I grip her hand tightly as I release my hold on the guard. ~Mutiny~ Marcus POV The past month has passed more quickly than I could have expected. I reluctantly found myself seated in Aro's throne, with Carlisle at my right hand, and Caius to my left. Isabella is of course with me whenever I can pry her away from Alec- those two seem to be on an extended honeymoon since the takeover. The Cullens weren't the only ones surprised when my childe made her intentions known. Her place is here, with me and with Alec, and she has quickly won over the rest of the guard now that they are allowed to interact with her. She becomes embarrassed when they thank her, or praise her for her gift. She is incredibly shy- so much so that I have often thought her shield is more an extension of her personality than anything else. She and Alec are quite alike in that regard. Ahh, Bella and Alec. Apparently I was one of the last to know of their romantic developments. As much as they were ostracized under Aro's rule, they were still very much a hot topic of gossip around the castle. Still, no one held their relationship against them- no one except Rosalie Hale. Once the chaos died down and the guards chose their sides, I sat down with the Cullens and Isabella to see what my childe desired to do. I could see that her bonds with the Cullens were still there- strained and weak, but still present nonetheless. When she made her intentions known, Rosalie had enough. She began spouting off about how Edward would have hated to see her with red eyes, and how quickly she moved on after his death. When she had the gall to question the validity of their mating I had no choice but to step in. I explained to her that I could see bonds, and that Isabella was still mourning her true mate, as she always would be. But if Miss Hale wanted to discuss valid matings, then I had some news for her. Carlisle's boy, Emmett, who she had been dragging around for more than seven decades, was not in fact her mate. Their bond was not even as strong as Bella and Alec's bond of just a few months. With this news, Emmett decided to stay close to his sister, and he took Felix's place in the guard. Rosalie was the only Cullen who ended up leaving, and the last I heard she was pouting in Denali with Eleazor's coven. Good riddance, I say. Her departure greatly relaxed the remaining Cullens. I have enjoyed my discussions with Carlisle much more than I did when he was here the first time, and I have seen new life in Caius as he spars with the Major, who he put in charge of the guard, along with Demetri. I was brought from my musing by the doors opening, and Heidi walked in with a familiar blonde vampire. I knew her, but I was fairly certain I had never truly looked at her until now. I could tell she was distraught for some reason, but her beauty captured my attention in a way another vampire had not done in centuries. I needed to touch her. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Isabella stiffen slightly when our visitor was introduced, but Alec soothed her quietly as I could not tear my eyes away. I gasped when this visitor explained that her mate had been killed almost a year ago, and she was here to ask us to put her out of her misery. My mind raced, weighing pros and cons, but I knew if I could just get her to stay, I might have another chance at happiness. I walked down the steps and took her dainty hands in mine, "Will you consider visiting here with us for a while before you decide to give up completely? I would very much like to get to know you, Irina." ~Mutiny~ The End