into his mouth before he moved down and started kissing my neck. The warmth of his breath hit my neck as his hand raced down my body to unbutton my pants, pulling them down and off my legs. When he saw my lacy black panties he groaned in satisfaction before pulling them off and shoving them in his white coat. The softness of his touch slowly slid up my leg, leaving a trail of goose bumps in their path. When he reached my upper thigh he bent down and lightly kissed me there, making my desire pool over my centre. " Carlisle," I moaned. I felt his smile against my skin, as his lips moved closer to my core and one of his fingers lightly glided over my slit, making me moan even louder. " You're so wet for me, Bella," he said, plunging two fingers into my depth. " Bella," he whispered. "Bella." "Bella." I was awoken with Carlisle standing next to the bed. As my eyes came into contact with his I instantly sat up. We sat in silence for a moment before he spoke up. "What were you dreaming about?" he asked. I immediately went a deep red. Had I been sleep talking? I can't believe I even fell asleep, how long had it been? "Was I sleep talking?" I asked, going an even deeper red. Carlisle thought to himself for a minute before answering, "No." I let out a sigh of relief, but wondered why he hesitated for a moment. I looked into his eyes and saw something that wasn't there before, it looked like… desire, but it couldn't be. As if. "I just got your x-rays back," he said, placing the x-rays onto the lit up wall. "There is no fracture, so you should be back to normal fairly soon." "That's good," I said, still enormously turned on. I wanted him to walk over here and do everything he had done in my dream and more. Dr. Cullen gave me some pills for the pain and when I got up I found I could put a little bit more weight on my leg. "Do you need some help?" he asked me. "No, I think I should be okay." Carlisle opened the door for me and I squeezed past him, swearing I could feel something hard in his pants. My eyes shot to his just as Edward came over to the room. "Bella, how are you feeling?" he asked. "I'm fine," I replied, looking over to him. "Take Miss Swan home, Edward." Carlisle moved his arm past me to pat Edward's shoulder. When he pulled his hand back, his finger lightly brushed my hip, sending a surge of electricity through my body. The whole ride home I couldn't stop thinking about Carlisle. I knew from that moment that I wanted, no, needed him to touch me and I would do anything for that to happen. Guess it's time to bring out seductive Bella, I thought as a small smirk spread across my lips. CPOV As soon as Edward took her away, I fell down to the bed and tried to rid myself of the longing I had to touch Bella and have her moan again like she had when she was asleep. I had walked into the room to find Bella sleeping on the bed. I was about to wake her when I heard her moan my name. At first I was confused and stood beside her, stunned by what I had just heard when she moaned again, making me instantly hard. "Bella," I whispered. "Bella." I had to wake her in order to keep control. I saw her open her eyes and look up at me as she sat up. "What were you dreaming about?" I just had to ask. She instantly went a deep red and I regretted asking the question. "Was I sleep talking?" she asked, blushing even more. I thought to myself and didn't want to embarrass the poor girl anymore so I answered, "No." Bella looked up into my eyes and I tried to hide the desire I had to touch her. "I just got your x-rays back," I said, trying to remain professional. I placed them up on the board. "There is no fracture, so you should be back to normal fairly soon." "That's good," she replied and I handed her some pills for the pain. When she got up I noticed that she could walk slightly. "Do you need some help?" I offered, longing to touch her again, even slightly. What was wrong with me? "No, I think I should be okay." I went and opened the door for her and she squeezed past me, grazing my enlarged cock as she did, it went even harder at the slight contact. Her eyes met mine as Edward walked over to us. "Bella, how are you feeling?" he asked her. "I'm fine," she replied, taking her eyes away from me to look over at him. I had to get away from her or she was going to drive me crazy with desire. "Take Miss Swan home, Edward," I told him, moving my arm past Bella to tap Edward on the shoulder. When I pulled my hand back, my hand brushed past Bella's hip, making me want to touch her even more. This added desire made even the slightest contact hard to control. As Bella walked away I watched her ass, thinking back to it now I thought about how much I wanted to smack it. No, she's your son's friend, you can't think like that , the sensible side of me told my unjust mind. I was brought back down from my thoughts when the nurse came in and told me that I had to go and care for other patients. It was going to be a very long day… Please review. Let me know what you think about the chapter and about Carlisle and Bella being paired together. Xoxo Carlislelover