boy's face for sincerity before giving him a beaming smile and pulling him in for a hug. "Seth, I'm sorry, man," Jake apologized, scratching the back of his neck as he looked at the couple sheepishly. "I don't know what my problem was, but you've been real good for Bells. She always looks happy when she's with you." Bella smiled and hugged Seth tighter, then frowned as she watched Jake's face change. He took a step closer to her and glanced over at the vampires with a look of doubt. "Are you sure this is a good idea, though? The leeches? I mean, look at all the bad stuff that happened to you after you met them." Seth growl was echoed by Jasper's, but Bella was already shaking her head. "Jake, I've been hurt by the Pack, too," she told him, her eyes shimmering with tears as she glanced pointedly at the black and silver wolves glaring fiercely in their direction. Jacob's eyes followed her gaze and he lifted his lip in a quiet snarl at their blatant hostility. He knew they somehow blamed Bella for their change, despite the fact that the Cullens had lived in Forks for more than two years before she arrived. "Look, this is touching and all, but we have some rabid baby vamps to kill, don't we?" At Peter's words, the group came together in an uneasy truce, discussing the plan for taking out the redhead and the undead army that was apparently heading their way. ~oOo~ Seth was uneasy as the wolves took their places in hiding around the small meadow. His mate had already cut her hand and spread her very lifeblood around the wooded area in an attempt to draw the bloodthirsty savages into their trap. If Seth was uneasy, Paul was downright unstable. "I don't like it," he growled, glaring fiercely at the sole human in their midst. "Why do they have to be here ? Why can't they watch her back at the rez?" Sam rolled his eyes and scoffed. "We've been over this, Paul. You know why she's here. If she's willing to act as bait who are we to stop her?" Bella sneered at the former alpha, but her hand was gentle when she reached to scratch the ears of the youngest wolves. She leaned against Collin and gave Paul a meaningful look. "We'll be fine, Paul. All of us will be just fine," she promised, holding his eyes as she tried to communicate with him that she knew . For a brief second, Paul's mask slipped as he chanced a look at the small reddish-brown wolf, but then he shook his head and stalked off without another glance. The fight was going well, although no one had spotted the main target yet. All the wolves and friendly vampires were engaged in individual fights, while Collin and Brady kept guard over Bella just out of the way. There was no warning before Collin was suddenly picked up and thrown against a tree, phasing back to his human form as he lost consciousness. Brady let out a short howl as he put himself between his fallen brother and the angry bloodsucker who had attacked them. Paul worked like a madman to dispatch three vamps before bolting across the meadow to help the younger wolves. He knew they never should have been left alone with that leech loving pale face. "Victoria!" Bella's scream caught the attention of everyone in the field, and it was Seth's turn to panic when he saw the small knife clutched tightly in her fist. The rich scent of blood filled the air as Bella raked the knife across her palm, reopening her wound and pulling the leech away just as she was about to deliver the killing blow to the fallen wolf. Brady leapt up and latched his jaws onto Victoria's neck, bringing the battle to a rather anticlimactic end with one swift bite. Paul dropped all pretenses as he phased back and pulled Collin into his arms, brushing the boy's hair back with an uncharacteristically tender gesture. "Please be okay, please don't leave me. Please, Collin, please." He pleaded, his voice ragged and broken as he buried his face in the younger boy's neck. The pack watched in awe as his tears seemed to revive the young wolf, and they all let out a breath of relief as Collin began to stir. Bella's attention was pulled away when Seth grabbed her hand and began to clean it with the first aid kit he'd insisted on bringing along. "I should punish you for that little stunt, my mate," he growled, his deep voice warming Bella deep inside. "We will discuss this later." "Later?" she asked, arching her eyebrow as she pressed her body closer to his. "Later tonight? Or later, as in next week after your birthday?" Seth covered her cocky grin with a deep kiss, relieved that this battle was over and they could finally begin moving forward together. At the sound of a throat clearing, the couple broke apart reluctantly and turned to face a rather subdued Paul. He had his arm wrapped firmly around Collin's neck, something the boy had no issue with as he stared up at the man he'd silently hero-worshipped his whole life. The man who had somehow imprinted on the young the wolf and managed to keep it a secret from everyone—everyone except her . "Um, I just wanted to thank you, Bella," he started, surprising them all with the use of her name. "You saved Collin, and I can't ever repay you for that." Bella smiled at them both and shook her head. "There's nothing to repay. We're all pack here." One by one, the wolves came forward to honor the girl they had previously outcast, and by the end of the day their pack was once again united. The vampires slipped off quietly, satisfied that the girl would be in good hands from then on.