break up with me.' Dad sighs, 'Well how does Alice feel about this?' 'Why thank you, Daddy! It's about time someone took MY feelings into account!!' All of us, with the exception of Jasper, gasp collectively as Alice bounces into the room. Her hair, which was the same color as mine not two hours ago, is now jet black. 'What the hell is going on in this house?! Alice, what have you done to your hair?!' Dad is about to reach his breaking point. 'I dyed it, Daddy!' Alice responds brightly and smiles. Dad tries to remain calm, 'Yes, darling, I see that. Why?' 'Well I figured if Jasper and Edward are going to be boyfriends, then I could reinvent myself too! I've wanted to dye my hair for a while now, actually. This seemed to be the perfect time!' I think Dad is catatonic; Esme speaks for him, 'Sweetheart...why now? And why black?' Alice smiles fondly at her, 'Well, it's the start of a new school year and none of these people know me. They don't know what I looked like this morning, so the fact that they'll see me for the first with this hair will be of no shock to anyone, except for you guys. And I'm over the copper hair. No offense, Edward.' I smile at her, 'None taken, Al.' Dad sighs, 'Don't you think it's a bit extreme Alice? The piercings and the tattoo and now the hair? What will people think?' 'Daddy, I don't really care what they think.' Alice answers honestly, 'I only care what you guys think. You all know who I am on the inside. That's what matters to me.' He sighs again…knowing he's beat, 'Okay sweetie. If this is what you really want.' She smiles at him, 'Of course it is! Now…about Edward and Jasper. Things will work out just fine. I'm starting to have a good feeling about this.' Rosalie, sensing my dad still isn't sure, speaks up, 'You know, Carlisle, we didn't really HAVE to tell you about this. We all respect you enough to keep you informed. The last thing any of us wanted was this blind-siding you and mom.' Esme reaches across the table to take his hand, 'Rosie has a point, darling. Kids don't seem to share anything with their parents these days. Think what the shock would've been if we had heard this from anyone else.' I love my stepmother…I really do. Besides being breathtakingly beautiful, she loves my father so much. She's also an amazing mother. Dad gives a half-smile and finally gives in, 'Okay. You're smart kids. Whatever you think is best.' He gives a pause and then asks me, 'What about football?' I squirm in my seat a little, 'Well…we're not going to make our 'gayness' a secret, so I doubt I'll be able to play. I was thinking I'd focus more on my music?' He looks disappointed, 'I see. You know how much I enjoy watching you play football.' I hang my head, 'I know, Dad. Don't you know if there were any other way, I would've thought of it by now?' Again…he sighs, 'Yes…I suppose you would have.' I really don't know what else to say to make the situation any better. Lucky for me, Alice does... 'Oh really…it's not as if anyone has died. We're all the same; we're just going to be…acting for a while. Everything is going to work out, Daddy, I promise. Don't be grumpy. We can still go to all of the games. Edward just won't be playing this season, that's all. Now let's eat…I'm starving!!' And just like that, the conversation was over. We move on to lighter topics and actually have an enjoyable first dinner on our new home. Two hours later Alice is in my room, helping me pick out an outfit for our first day of school. 'Don't you have a fashionable scarf?' she asks, looking through my closet. 'I have my winter scarves!' I offer, trying to be helpful. 'Uh...no. We're going for Chuck Bass here, not Nanook of the north.' She's starting to get frustrated. I hold my hands up in defense, 'Gheez psycho, it was only a suggestion. You've never mentioned having a problem with my wardrobe before.' She smirks at me, 'Well that's when you were dressing like a regular boy, not a gay boy.' I roll my eyes at her, 'Fine, fine. What should I wear, oh wise one?' She combs through my wardrobe for another five minutes before pulling out a pair of jeans and a black, button-up shirt. She hands the clothes to me, 'It's the best I can do. You have some good staples, but you need more things to tie them together. We're definitely going shopping tomorrow, whether you like it or not.' I smile and pull her into a hug, 'Thank you so much, Al. You don't know how much I appreciate this.' She hugs me back, 'Oh you're welcome. I'm happy to help. I meant what I said to Dad...I really do have a good feeling about this. I'm so excited for tomorrow!' She gives me one final squeeze and goes to leave my room, 'Hey...' I call to her and she turns back to me, '...I really like your hair.' She flashes me a brilliant smile, 'Yeah...it totally suits me.' After Alice is gone I take a few hours to unpack some of my things. I have all of my CDs shelved and most of my books too, before I decide to call it a night. As I stare up at my new ceiling, I think about what tomorrow has in store for us. Rosalie is going to fit right in...she'll probably have a boyfriend, or a least a date, before the week is out. Jasper will be the devoted boyfriend I need him to be. Alice will have a new best friend before the final bell rings. As for me...I'm going to enjoy a nice, drama-free year.