deep voice boom all of a sudden. I looked up and directly across from me I saw the hoodie that I was wearing staring back at me on the body of the blonde guy, apparently now to be referred to as Jasper. I became uncomfortable when my eyes automatically met his as we both looked up to validate the statement. I quickly felt more at ease when Jasper smirked at me though. Something about that one look from him calmed me down and I instantly liked him for it. The big one who spoke and Alice both started laughing together. "Yes Emmett, I can see that, thank you," Jasper said in a serious tone but still with the smirk on his face. His eyes traveled from (newly named) Emmett, to me, then quickly back to Emmett with an annoyed yet amused expression. I couldn't help but join in the laughter, Emmett's booming laugh was quite contagious. "Well you could have included me. Or picked something that's at least in fashion right now," Alice chuckled. She's always bugged me about this old hoodie but I've never been one to ditch my comfortable clothes. She playfully shot me an accusatory glare and I noticed Jasper sneak a glance at her and widen his smile before looking back at the ground. "So you guys like music?" Emmett asked. It was an odd question I thought. I mean, who doesn't like music? But I knew he was referring to a certain type, seeing as how half of us had clothing with the same theme. Alice's little bell of a voice rang out, "we most certainly do! We're going to see that band in a few weeks actually. In Long Beach." "That's awesome!" Emmett replied with just as much enthusiasm. "We play music. Me and my little bro Jasper here, and our other little brother Edward. If you guys like them then guys you'll probably like what we play." Boys… in a band? Where do I sign up? Holy crow, where were all these thoughts coming from today? Maybe Rose and Alice were rubbing off on me after all… even if only my inner monologue was getting more bold. "Are you playing a show soon or something?" I asked. Jasper chimed in, "well, we don't have anything scheduled anytime soon, but we can bring a CD by sometime. It's only a demo but you'll get the idea of what we sound like. Then if you like it you can come see us play when we get something booked." He shrugged in a casual way and threw us a friendly look. This guy was too good at making me feel comfortable when I'm usually so uptight around strangers. "Awesome!" Alice beamed at him. I had never seen her look at anyone that way before, I could tell she was truly excited about our new prospective, attractive friends. "Great, what apartment are you guys in?" Emmett asked loudly. "Not to sound creepy or anything by asking that... I know we just met you and all, but - I mean we aren't like going to come over and rape you -" "Emmett what the heck man?" Jasper said as he stood up straight (he was really tall though Emmett had a few inches on him) and swatted Emmett's arm. "Why would you even say that to them?" "Say what?! Rape? Dude, I said we wouldn't rape them, that's not bad. Right?" He looked over at us in a completely harmless, confused way. I seriously could not stop laughing at the innocent face he had on while Jasper went back to leaning against the wall and started shaking his head at his brother. "Right..." I laughed out for Emmett's benefit. Just then the elevator dinged and opened to our floor. As we started to step out turned to the boys. "So, we are in apartment 112 whenever you get that CD ready," I said as I smiled sincerely, hoping they really were interested in sharing their music. I walked out with Alice trailing behind me as she waved and cheerily said, "bye guys!". After turning down the hall I immediately turned to look back at Alice to discuss the encounter we had just had in the elevator, but before I could say anything I noticed two smirking brothers following right behind us. Alice and I kept glancing back at them as we made our way down the hall. No one said anything as they continued to follow a few feet behind us, and when we got to our door I put the key in and opened it, still without mentioning that they were ending up to be slightly creepy. Alice and I stepped inside our apartment and we simultaneously turned to confront them on why they were following us. Before either of us could say anything Jasper pulled a key out of his pocket and held it up in front of usas they sauntered right past our door. He smoothly said, "110". I thought I caught him wink at Alice as well, but I was caught up in Emmett's goofy grin so I couldn't be sure. We continued to stand there until the boys turned a corner in the hallway and the sound of their key unlocking their door was heard. I closed the door and turned to Alice. "110?" I asked out loud, to clarify. "As in, they live in apartment 110? Right down the hall?" We fell to the floor laughing and smiling at our new situation. Alice finally sat up and took in our new apartment with one sweeping gaze. After giving a small nod of approval she turned to me and said, "I bet you this is going to be a pretty great year." I nodded back vigorously. God knows I did not have any intention of betting against Alice. Thanks for reading! Let me know what you think :) I like to know specifics, it makes me feel closer to the reviewers! THANK YOUS