you get going. Gesh, I'm surrounded by Neanderthals. Jasper, seriously though, you stink. I get satisfying your needs, but couldn't you have found someone that was clean or something?" Jasper shrugged. "Listen, I haven't gotten any in seven years. I was coming out of LAX and she was more than willing to accommodate me. I wasn't going to say no at that point. Shit, I didn't even know if everything still worked right." Peter laughed. "I can't even imagine. Thank God I got my sugar right here and I can have any whenever I want." He pulled Char into his side. Char snorted. "Excuse me? I am not open for business whenever you want. At what point did I agree to that crap? If you think that I am here just to give you sex whenever you want, you are wrong. Maybe cooling your heels for a bit will do you some good." "Wait, baby I didn't mean that. I know you aren't here just for sex. You wouldn't really cut me off would you?" Peter asked with puppy dog eyes. Jasper was laughing at the entire thing. Peter had a gift for pissing Char off and she had a gift for making sure he knew when she was pissed. Char and Peter continued bickering as they all walked up to a small ranch house. Jasper stopped and looked at it. "You all did pretty well for yourselves." Peter puffed up in pride. "Yeah we did. It took a while to get the money all together, but this here little house is all ours and it's nice to have a place to hang our hats." Peter and Char didn't understand Jasper feeding off animals, but they knew it helped him to not get lost in the pain of his victims. They had visited him not long after he'd moved in with the Cullens and saw how they lived in a house and interacted with humans around them. This impressed them. They didn't want to mingle with humans, but they did like the idea of a house so started grabbing money off of their victims and then saving it. It may not have been a respectable way to get money, but it worked for them and they were proud of what they had. Peter glanced at Jasper who was rubbing his chest. The action stood out as vampires didn't get nervous twitches and tended to be still. "What's the matter?" he asked, nodding toward what Jasper was doing. Jasper looked down, obviously not even aware he was rubbing his chest. The slight burning he had been feeling earlier was still there and he was subconsciously reacting to the sensation. He dropped his hand quickly. "Nothing man. I'm all good." Peter eyed him up, knowing there was something he wasn't being told, but let it drop, knowing Jasper would say something if and when he was ready. Char had been looking at the house and missed what Jasper was doing. She looked at Peter who shook his head slightly at her letting her know to drop it for now. Deciding to break the tension, she said, "Gesh, he hasn't even stepped into the house and you're already trying to gossip. Do you want me to leave and go buy some hair curlers and nail polish so you can do this right?" Peter loved his mate and knew she was trying to distract Jasper from what was going on. She wanted him to be happy and calm while with them, so if there was something upsetting him she was going to do her best to have him not worry about it. "Oh, now isn't that perfect. Jasper, do you see how she is willing to go get anything I want and do anything for me? I have trained this one well," he said, knowing it would get her going. Char turned, a low growl coming from her chest. "Trained me well? Did I hear you say that correctly?" Peter held up his hands, backing away slowly. "Now, love, you know I was just joshing and didn't mean anything by what I said." He was slightly nervous, knowing that his mate could fight dirty when she wanted to get a point across. He considered that he may have gone too far in his hopes to get Char going. Char was no longer playing and was downright mad. "Don't you 'love' me. I am not your slave. I am not a puppy to be trained either!" At this point Jasper was laughing. No matter how many decades his friends had been mated, Peter never learned to keep his mouth shut and managed to piss Char off all the time with his thoughtless comments. He sat back, enjoying listening to Peter dig himself deeper with every comment he made. He knew before too much longer Char was going to end up smacking him and Peter would sheepishly turn with his tail tucked firmly between his legs, contrite, until the next stupid comment that came out of his mouth. Yes, this week would be vastly different than Jasper's time spent with the Cullens and he was looking forward to it. The General: Yes, I know that most of the Twilight Fandom refers to Jasper at the Major. He was not given that title by Stephanie Meyers, but it has been used to often it almost seems that way. She just explained he was changed as a Major in the Confederate Army. So yes, I will be calling him the General for the reasons explained in the chapter, and because he was the commander of the entire army and answered only to Maria, a self proclaimed queen type person. To me that is more indicative of a General than a Major. Nissa thank you for pre-reading and walking me through another story by getting my thoughts in order when needed. Evieeden, thank you, for beta'ing the mess I write! Please read and review! It is my life blood.