right here until Jake comes and gets you." Kissing her on the forehead he got up, quickly disposed of the condom, grabbed his towel and went downstairs. We take care of what's ours Leah, get used to it . Did she dare? She couldn't deny they had an intense connection, but was it real? Or was she just clinging to the first men who'd given her any attention? Men, as in more than one, holy shit. What would her parents say? Her brother? Her colleagues? She was getting way ahead of herself. This was a one-night thing. She was there for one night and she was going to enjoy it to the fullest. She would guard her heart and have fun. She wouldn't think about how devastated she was going to be when she had to leave. The bathroom door opened stopping her chaotic thoughts. "C'mon beautiful, lets take a bubble bath. I hope you like Mr. Bubble. It's my favorite." Jake teased as he picked her up and carried her into the bathroom. Leah sat in her car fighting the tears that refused to stop. Sunday evening, after her amazing night turned into and amazing weekend with Jake and Paul, she reluctantly left and went back to her depressing reality. It was harder than she thought it would be. They spent the entire weekend pampering and making love to her. Her body was still sore. But each twinge of pain reminded her of how wonderful her life had been, if only for a couple of days. She would be heartbroken when it was gone. Hell, she was heartbroken now. Her thoughts went to last night when Jake and Paul kissed her good-bye and put her in the car. She had refused their offer for them to personally take her home; it would have been too hard. She spent the entire ride crying and just when she got herself together she was home. Thanking the driver she hurried inside her little apartment. The minute she shut the door the loneliness hit her like a Mack truck and she immediately regretted turning down their offer of staying another day or two. She was never going to recover from this. She had turned them down and now she was sure her chance was gone. She didn't even know how to contact them. Drowning in loneliness and regret she cried herself to sleep. Taking a deep breath she checked her hair and makeup and grabbed her bag. It was Monday and all of her students would be a little more rambunctious than normal and she needed to focus. She spent several minutes in the teacher's lounge getting some coffee and telling everyone about the charity event. She was surprised to learn that they had already received several generous donations. Gathering her stuff she walked to her classroom. On the way she couldn't help but notice the envious and curious looks she was receiving from several of the staff. Fear crept down her spine. Did they know? No. It wasn't possible. "Naughty girl, what did you do at that charity event? I want details." Her best friend Rachel said as she reached her door. "I don't know what you're talking about, Rach." She said rushing to open the door and hopefully escape the pending interrogation. "WOW! Your actually blushing Leah, I was only kidding but you look entirely too guilty now. Are you walking a little bow-legged?" she teased ignoring Leah's glare. "Besides, there's the other proof." "What other proof?" She asked, almost afraid. Rachel swung her door open and pointed. There, on her desk, were three-dozen of the most beautiful roses she had ever seen and in the middle of them was a very familiar looking Tiffany blue box. "Oh my god." She said rushing in to put down her things. She picked up the card with the roses first. Seeing her name scrawled in a very masculine handwriting sent her heart racing. I could have gotten your attention with one dozen, but three is a much better number. Wouldn't you agree? Until next time my sweet Leah. Jake Replacing the card she nervously picked up the box. She glanced at Rachel who was waiting patiently for her to open it. She slowly pulled apart the big white bow and lifted the lid only to almost drop it when Rachel screamed. "Do you know what that is?" She sputtered. "Um…a diamond bracelet?" "A diamond bracelet." Rachel mocked, "A diamond bracelet." Giving Leah an annoyed look she started furiously typing on her iPhone. In less than a minute she shoved the screen in Leah's face. "That is not just a diamond bracelet Leah, that is a Tiffany Jazz three row platinum and diamond bracelet. That bracelet costs twenty eight thousand dollars, Leah!" It couldn't be. They wouldn't have. Groaning she picked up the card, the bold elegant script throwing her off. Why buy you a single rowed diamond bracelet, when I can buy you one with three. Are you catching the trend? You deserve to be covered in nothing but the best. And we will make sure that happens, and often. There will be a next time Leah. You belong with us and were not going to let you go that easy. Remember…we always get what we want. Paul As sweet as Jakes card was, Paul's brought her to tears. She belonged to them. She hadn't blown it after all. She knew it was unconventional, but she didn't care. They made her feel desired and special and she wanted that. She wanted to take care of them and let them take care of her. She would never be alone again and neither would they. She was going to give this a chance, convention be damned. "Leah, who is all this from? What's going on? What's this all about?" Rachel asked obviously confused. Smiling to herself Leah put on the bracelet and answered the only way she could. "Taking chances, Rach. It's about taking chances."