scolded. I smiled at her and she opened the front door, letting me walk ahead of her to the car. I watched out the window as she drove down the street towards La Push's little diner, I need to remember where this was so I could get here in the future because Natalie would most definitely know where this diner was. And right now, I was Natalie. I stayed quiet for most of dinner, just observing my new parents. I had a book with tons of information about them but that really didn't tell me who they were. I knew their name's were Kristen and Scott and that they had the bedroom at the end of the hall, but I didn't know what their favorite foods were or how they met. I hoped I would eventually learn these things about them… After dinner we drove to the small neighboring town of Forks to go to Ava's lacrosse game. I sat on the cold metal bleachers, drumming my fingers against the linoleum and humming softly to myself. I didn't know anyone here. A few of their pictures were vaguely familiar but other than that, I couldn't tell you a single one of their names. I had learned half way into the game that Ava's number was 12 so I made sure to cheer her on at the appropriate times, hoping I was acting like Natalie. Did Natalie go to her sister's games? Did she cheer from the stands? Did she sit near her parents instead of with her friends? Well, she did now. I watched as a girl and a boy walked, hand in hand, in front of the bleachers I was sitting on. They were both tan and beautiful. The boy was taller than her but they were still both tall, he was leaning down a little and whispering in her ear causing her to smirk. He let go of her hand and wrapped his arm around her waist making her smile up at him. They looked Quileute. I wonder if Natalie knew them...she probably did. I really need to study that book some more before school tomorrow… The girl caught my eye as she walked by and tilted her head to the side for a second. I was a little embarrassed to have been caught starring but I couldn't bring myself to look away. She held my gaze as she continued walking and her smirk become a little more prominent. She wiggled her fingers at me and I was quick to send a little wave back to her. I snapped out of my trance as the spectators cheered for the Forks/La Push team that had just scored the winning goal. I glanced back to where the two tan people had last been but no one was there. " Hellooo ." My twin drawled from the other end of the phone. "Natalie!" I whisper yelled, relief washing through me. She hadn't been picking up her phone and, of course, I had been expecting the worse. "Where have you been? I've been trying to reach you forever, I thought you were dead!" I did my best to keep my voice down since Ava and the Khan parents were in the house. She laughed, obviously not bothered by how concerned I was. "Oh Nikki, I'm fine. I got into the city a few hours ago, then I was getting dinner. Did you know they have Chinese food everywhere ? I love Chinese food but the only place you can get it is Port Angeles. Sesame chicken is my favorite. Do you like Chinese food because if you do then we—" "Nat." I interrupted. "Focus." How was she not freaking out right now? She was in a new city, all alone, and I was pretending to be her. I was dying and I hadn't even started school yet. Oh boy, school. "Er...right...sorry." She muttered. "I checked into this little motel, I'll head out to follow my leads tomorrow." I nodded my head and took a deep breath. "Natalie, I get this is a big deal and everything and I want this just as much as you do but I need to know that you have my back. I don't know you that well but I am trusting you with something monumental here. Don't let me fail and screw up. I want everything to end well but if it doesn't, you'll still be there for me...right?" I asked, chewing on my bottom lip. "Oh, Nikki." She sighed. "Of course I will always be there, we're sisters, and it will work out." She always sounded so confident when she talked about this, it made me want to believe her so badly. "We write our own destiny. We become what we do." She told me in her best, wise voice. "Huh?" I asked, not really sure where she was taking this conversation. She giggled softly and I could hear the crinkle of a wrapper. "I don't know, that was what my fortune cookie said, I thought it might help." Well, it didn't, but it made me smile a little...and become incredibly confused. "Okay, Nat, thanks." "Good luck tomorrow, you'll do great, I know you will." She promised. I nodded my head and fiddled with the edge of her pillowcase. She was definitely the more confident twin...or at least the one who knew how to get what she wanted. "Oh, and you have a history test first period! Love you! Bye!" My mouth dropped. I had a history test tomorrow? But I hadn't studied! I took another big breath. That's okay. I didn't have a history test tomorrow, Natalie did. There was nothing to worry about. After all, if we really become what we do like the fortune cookie says, then I would be Natalie and Natalie didn't usually study. So basically, that Chinese mumbo-jumbo was telling me not to study because it was my destiny to be Natalie for a few days. Yeah...that sounded about right…