We lay there panting and his hand stroked my hair gently, lovingly. I finally raised my head and looked at him. He looked so content, so satisfied, that I couldn't help but wonder just how badly he had been wanting this. Why didn't he push me harder? When I asked him, he simply said, "Bells, I was willing to be whatever you needed. A friend, a brother, a lover, it was always up to you. I was just waiting for you to be ready." I stared at him, confused, until my exhausted brain made the final connection. "You imprinted on me?" I gasped, and sat up straighter when he nodded. "When?" His finger traced down my cheek, leaving a trail of fire in its wake, and I leaned into his hand without a thought. "That first time I saw you, when you came to my house. You weren't ready for me then so Sam told me to back off and let you lead. He said you'd come to me when you were ready, and you finally did." I tried to be angry that he kept the imprint a secret, but I couldn't find it in me to be upset. He could have pushed me, demanded more before I was ready, but he waited patiently, painfully, until I knew. Until I chose to let him into my heart. A pounding on the door brought his head up and he looked toward the front of the house in irritation. "It's Paul. I better see what he wants." He kissed me once more before setting me back on the bed. I grimaced at bit at the soreness when he pulled out, but tried to hide it so he wouldn't feel bad. Jake tossed me a shirt and a huge pair of sweatpants that I hoped I could tie up tight enough to keep me covered. He pulled on his own shorts and grabbed my hand as we walked to the door. Paul was his normal obnoxious self, whistling and pounding Jake on the back for finally "getting some." Jake shoved back half-heartedly, but I could see how happy he truly was. I stayed in the background listening quietly as Paul told him about the fight with Victoria, and another young vampire she had with her. They both were finally defeated and I sat down with the relief I felt that I was no longer being hunted. I tuned out their voices until Jake came over and put his hand on my shoulder. "I'm going to check in with Sam, ok? Stay here and I'll be back as soon as I can. I love you." And with a kiss, he bounded out the door, letting out a loud howl a few seconds later. I blushed furiously as I thought about what the pack was probably seeing. I didn't realize that Paul was still there until he cleared his throat and looked at me pointedly. I usually tried my best to stay out of Paul's way, since I was pretty sure he hated my guts. "What?" I finally asked him. He stepped into the room and sat down on the coffee table in front of me, staring hard and making me more uncomfortable the longer he went without talking. I glanced away, only to look back when his low voice spoke, softer and gentler than I expected, "Bella?" His eyes were not glaring at me now, he actually looked almost sad, "Bella, I know what happened with you and Jake, and I'm happy for him, really. But I know you still have a long road ahead of you." I was thoroughly confused by his words and his strange demeanor until he went on to explain, "I saw Jake pull you back, and I saw Jared's memory from the seconds before that." Well, that answers who the wolf was, I had almost forgotten there was someone else there. "Bella, I know you were going to jump, and I know it wasn't just for fun. You need help, Bella. You need to talk to someone." I was immediately on the defensive, and I scoffed at him in anger, "Who? You? You gonna be my shrink now, Paul? That's rich. Life advice from the pack bully." He didn't flinch at my words, just reached slowly to take my hand. "I know how it feels, Bella. I know how you feel. And you may feel fine right now, but that darkness doesn't disappear in an instant. You have to fight against it." I didn't resist when he moved to the couch, wrapping his arm around me carefully. "You and I both know that Jake will never understand that part of you, no matter how much he wants to. He's too full of life, and light, to get it. You can talk to me, or Emily, or even Sam, but you need to talk to someone, and be accountable to someone." He raised my chin to force me to look at him. "You're Pack, Bella. And you're important to all of us, not just Jake. We don't want anything to happen to you, ok?" I couldn't stop the tears as his wise grey eyes saw straight through me, and I knew he was right. I had needed help for a while but I was too scared to admit it. "If he lost you, Bella, we would lose him. That boy annoys the hell out of me, but I don't want to see him hurt because of you, ok? I'm gonna be watching." The relief that filled me at his words, the fact that someone understood me, even when I didn't understand myself, gave me a small glimmer of hope that fed the joy Jacob poured over me. We stood up and I took his hand, following him out the door into the weak sunlight that was trying valiantly to break through the remaining clouds. The storm had passed, and for the first time in months I could see the light.