"Why did you turn yourself in?" "What exactly do you know?" "Officer, what are you charging Dr. Cullen with?" Edward paused in front of the camera and looked into the lens. Bella could feel those eyes burning into her soul. "I came to New York for love." . . . OhGee Six months later Edward is beauty personified, lounging on his stomach concealing those rippled six-pack abs I love so much. His copper hair is tousled from our early morning romp in the hammock and from the salty breeze blowing in from the ocean. The sun kissed the crystal blue water on the horizon as he held my hips and marked my breasts with love nips as we made love. It is perfect-well, as perfect as WitSec can be. I trail my fingertips down his spine, leaving goosebumps in my wake, and he wiggles his tight ass in rebellion. He loves my fingers. He's told me as much. But he's ticklish, and I know how to get him right where I need him—on his back with me riding him once more before our cabana boy comes to take our order for lunch. "This is the life," Edward utters as he flips to his back and snatches me up into his arms. I squeal from the unexpected attack and revel in his affection. "You like hiding?" "I call this a permanent vacation, Mrs. Masen." I purse my lips and lean forward for a kiss. Edward's, or rather Tony's, kisses are reminiscent of Great Whites snapping up chum by fishing boats. We've been on quite a few fishing expeditions since we've been in Australia, so I've witnessed firsthand how these sharks are hunters and not the hunted. Unfortunately for us, we are the hunted. Or at least Edward is the wanted one. When he turned in several members of his family to the FEDS, all bets of a safe life flew out the window. "Anywhere with you is a vacation." "Really?" I nod, smiling. "When are we going to start our family?" Edward has been asking for my blessing to start a family. He was very close to his cousins and loved his parents, but he couldn't live a life of crime anymore. He had admitted that once he saw me on the beach in the Bahamas, he knew his life was going to change-for the better. Life as a free man, or almost free, was what he yearned for as long as it included me. "I want to be sure we are completely safe here before we try." He knows this already. "But, baby …?" I touch the end of his nose with the tip of my finger. "No buts." He slaps my ass playfully and then rubs the sting away. "I like butts." I push at his chest smiling as I lift myself off the huge lounger in the cabana. "Want some water?" Edward shakes his head. "I want babies." "Tough luck, Tony." He sits up, running long fingers through his sex-hair and then pats his lap for me to return to him. I can't help but smile. He's always gotten his way, or so he has said, and now when I call the shots, he pouts like a child. It's endearing really. I love the way his bottom lip protrudes, trying to get me to do as he wishes. "Sometimes, I think the wooden cowboy statue would be a lot easier to deal with." I wink and then hop back onto the lounger laughing. "I'll give you something harder than wood if you so desire." I'm once again engulfed by his muscled arms, but this time I'm situated firmly under his body with my legs wrapped around his waist. A voice clearing interrupts Edward's attempt at changing my mind about babies. "Oh, hi, Seth." I sit up, greeting our cabana boy, and Edward doesn't have the decency to look ashamed of the position we've been caught in. "Hello, Mrs. Masen." "It's Izzy. Just call me Izzy." . . . CC Another Six Months later Forks, Washington population who the hell knows, but it's small as hell. We have been moved to our final witsec location after the trial which is perfect since we are expecting our first child soon. I know it happened in that damn cabana in Australia. When I was saying no, my birth control was saying yes please. Edward, or shall I say Masen Whitlock, and his super sperm. I rub my five-month pregnant belly, smiling as I sit in the nursery in our new home surrounded by baby boxes. Edward is setting up the crib, looking all sweaty and sexy. My cell phone dings with a text. I check it and find it's Rose reporting her latest pregnancy to me. We are a due a few weeks apart, and I wish we could be together and raise our children in the same town. "Rose has heartburn again, and she's not talking to Emmett because he made chili." Edward looks up at me from his spot on the floor. "Poor fucking guy, doesn't he know everything is our fault." I give him a bitch brow. "Really, super sperm! You want to go there?" "Not my fault my swimmers hit the mark, baby!" Edward crawls over to me and gets between my legs. "I'm glad your swimmers hit the mark. Maybe we should go practice, so they can hit the mark again for number two in a few years." His fingers skim up my maternity shirt tickling my belly. "Bet your ass we need practice. Get down here and bend over Marie." I giggle as I slide to the floor in front of him. "Whatever you say Masen Jacob Whitlock." He pulls me into him and ravishes my mouth. I'm so glad he spotted me in the Bahamas all those months ago. Even with all the relocation, I still got my man, and if I have to move a thousand more times it will be worth it.