knew each other, and then she shook the man's hand as well. His hand was very warm. He mumbled something; she didn't answer. Jasper took her coat and made her sit down on a couch. Jenks glanced at the woman. She looked young, and very beautiful, with long chestnut hair and almost translucent pale skin. But her eyes … He had never seen eyes filled with such pain before. It almost took his breath away. Jasper cleared his throat, and Jenks immediately turned his full attention to his most frightening but also most valuable client. "What can I do for you, Mr. Jasper?" He was ready with pen and paper. "We need new passports, no need for it to be perfect, and the names don't matter at the moment. The only really important thing is that we can't use our old ones because we are both supposedly dead." At this comment, Jenks startled and looked up at him. The golden gaze that met him was steady and calm. "Mr. Jasper, what has happened? Are you running?" Deep down, Jenks really didn't want to know what had a man like Jasper on the run, if that was the case. Jasper sighed. "There has been a fire. The others … perished. We don't know who did it yet. Meanwhile, we are going to go away for a while. We need death certificates, and we need to rearrange some of the funds …" Jasper went on with the details while Jenks jotted it down. When Jasper was done, Jenks took a deep breath before he spoke. "I am so sorry, Mr. Jasper. I truly am. The Cullens have been … valued clients over the years. As you said over the phone, I have arranged for a photographer to come here; he will be here in an hour. Utmost discretion guaranteed, of course. I would imagine the passports would take no more than two days to get." Jasper raised an eyebrow, thinking that was unusually fast. "You're in luck. I had another order that cancelled just a few days ago, the work already done, more or less. We just need to add the photos and signatures." Jenks glanced over at the young woman again. "If you don't mind me asking, Mr. Jasper, is this Ms. Alice?" Jenks could see Jasper startle at the name. "No, this is Bella Cullen, Edward's … widow. Alice … also perished in the fire." Jenks could see pain in Jasper's face now, could hear it in his voice. "I am so sorry, Mr. Jasper." The room fell silent. "Is there anything else I can get you while we wait? You are welcome to use the lounge, of course." He gestured to a set of sliding glass doors that led into an adjacent room with a TV, two couches, and a conference table. There was a computer on the table. "Does that thing have internet?" Jasper asked. "Of course," Jenks replied and huffed up out of his chair. He slid the doors aside while Jasper carefully guided Bella into the lounge and sat her on one of the couches. Jenks closed the doors behind them; he could still see them but not hear them. Jasper sat down by the computer and opened a browser. First, he went to the Seattle Herald—nothing there mentioned the fire. Then he went to the Forks Daily. It was the headline there. The paper reported that all of the Cullens had died in the fire, including the daughter of Chief Swan who had recently married into the family. People from the hospital where Carlisle worked said some nice things, and Charlie's colleagues also expressed their sadness. The police were investigating since there had been some evidence of arson. There were no bodies found though, but they were still looking. The chief of the fire department explained they would probably not find any because the fire had been so hot. A memorial was to be held, but no date was set. Jasper leaned his face in his palms, breathing slowly. He had never dreamed of a day like this. He lifted his head again and looked at Bella. She was still present, her eyes were moving. She was looking around, but she was still and dead silent. He turned back to the computer and logged in to their usual bank accounts, the ones that were used on a daily basis. He made some changes in the transfers to the different accounts and made sure he had enough on his cards to possibly buy a small estate. He didn't want to be hindered right now. All done, he grabbed the hairbrush he had bought for Bella and went over to her. "Bella? You need to brush your hair for the photo. And you need to smile for the camera." She looked up at him, shock on her face. "Jasper, I can't," she whispered, her eyes filled with pain. He kneeled in front of her, his hands finding hers and holding them. "You can, Bella. It's only a few seconds. It just has to look like a smile." She met his eyes and eventually nodded. She freed her hands, and he rose. She grabbed the brush and moved it to her hair and then froze. He could feel her panic grow and see her lips twisting into a grimace of sadness. He understood what was happening and took the brush from her frozen hand. The ordinary was too hard for her to cope with right now. "Calm down, Bella. You don't have to." She relaxed a little and lowered her arm, the panic subsiding. He moved around the couch, behind her, and started to brush her hair with gentle strokes. In a sudden flash, he remembered doing this for his sisters when he was no more than a boy. He noticed that Bella relaxed even more, her shoulders lowered, her breathing slowing. She had closed her eyes. Thank you for reading, the next chapter will be up shortly...