until they got far enough from the house. Then Jacob stood and turned to her. Renesmee stopped too. Jacob drank in her appearance, and couldn't help but compare her to how she looked when she was younger. Her hair was still shiny, thick and curly in the same deep red hue that always managed to catch his eye (Edward loved teasing him that it was the exact same color as his own hair). She was still small compared to him, but he had to admit that she was no longer the little girl that rode his back and built sand castles with him. She was a woman now, and he could no longer deny it. Her body was developed in a way that made it harder not to notice her. Her sweet face was not just the embodiment of innocent sweetness anymore, but the face of a woman who had seen the world and knew what she wanted. He loved her big brown eyes, a trace of her human mom, her cute little nose and pink lips, which had never grabbed his attention quite like at this moment. She was also long legged so the height difference between them was only by a head. On the one hand he liked it, but on the other hand it made him feel the distance between them even more. "Jake, you've been quiet for a long time," she said nervously, pulling at her coat. "Did you want to say something?" He heaved a sigh, casting his eyes aside. "Nessie..." he started helplessly, then said the first thing that came to mind. "I missed you like crazy." She blushed but thankfully replied, "I missed you terribly too. I'm sorry I ran off like that, under your nose. And I know it was the longest we were ever apart since I was born, but it was my one chance before heading to college..." "I know. I was an idiot. I was so sure you'll always be here that I totally lost it. But I hadn't the right to..." "You totally had it! I was so afraid to tell you I was going away and ended up telling you only the day before... It makes sense for you to be mad, and I should have stopped being a coward and just told you. I had planned to talk with you on Skype …" "We could have, and maybe it would have been somewhat better if we had Skyped, but me and my stupid pride..." "Don't say that, you're my best friend, I should've considered your feelings." They both fell silent and looked at each other, suddenly speechless. Eventually Renesmee smiled hesitantly. "So, are we still friends?" she asked. "Obviously, if you don't think I'm a total jerk." "Jacob black, sometimes you are a jerk, but I don't mind. You're my jerk." His hands surrounded her and his familiar heightened heat came suddenly from every direction when he hugged her. "Jake…" she sighed his name. When he pulled away he smiled apologetically, "but don't do that to me again. I'm not sure I can handle another departure of this magnitude." "I hated it too. I promise." They started toward the Cullen house. Upon his request Renesmee told him all about her trip. She spoke only of silly things, like famous sites she had seen, since she sensed that he wouldn't be able to handle yet hearing about new friends she had made. She will keep those to herself for a while. They spent the rest of the evening compensating for lost time, and after Renesmee had finished telling him all of her entertaining stories, he told her about his progress at school. He was planning to open a garage and run it by himself, so he took business administration. In fact, in the two months she was gone he had finished his last papers and tests, and now was expecting to get his BA. Nessie was so happy that she hugged him again. At the end of the evening he walked her to her room. Edward and Bella smiled at them as they passed them in the living room of their small house, but Edward has also added a warning look. Jacob rolled his eyes as he walked her to her door. Renesmee turned to him and leaned against the door frame. "So, thank you for walking me home." "No problem, Ness. Thank you for letting me. And for forgiving me." She chuckled, patting his arm. "Thank you for forgiving me too." He realized she was looking at him expectantly. "Good night," he added sheepishly. "That's it?" She asked indignantly, and he puzzled. "What is? What else did you want?" His eyes lingered on her lips again, and he cursed his straying eyes. Edward coughed in the living room. "You walked me practically to my bed, and you're not going to hug me goodnight?" Jacob grinned. "Come here, little vixen," he teased, and embraced her with everything he had. God, he missed her so much. Her soft body fitted perfectly with his and he sighed thinking how perfect she was for him. He rested his head on top of hers, and almost laughed with relief when her small hand touched the skin of his neck, and she slipped him a thought. How he had missed this silent communication with her. She thought; I'm glad that we've made up. I wouldn't have survived another minute of us fighting. Then she showed him a picture of her, lying in her bed looking utterly miserable. The picture was exaggerated and almost comical, and he chuckled with relief. It was good to be with her again. "Me too, Nessie." AN: Aaaaand that's it for today. What did you think? Did you like it? I should have warned you, this series is going to be full of fluff. If you're into fluff - you've come to the right place. Next up: finding out about the imprint! R&R and have a lovely day!