marrying for money and not for love. He wished he could curse the day his brother Jacob was born, but even after everything that happened he loved the little mutt and greatly missed him. Jacob was gone, all he had left was his grandfather and his sister, Bree. Carlisle never cared for the family; disgruntled for being the son of the second son. He often abandoned his wife, Esme preferring the company of his mistresses. A knock on his door removes him from his thoughts. His butler, Tyler, enters handing him a letter. "Thank you, Tyler." Edward opens the letter. A brief smile crosses his face when he sees it's from Isabella. My Dear Edward, I will never regret nor forget last night. You have awakened my soul and forever imprinted on my heart, and for that, I am eternally grateful. I know in my heart that you cannot spare a single pence on me so I release you from any obligation you may feel. I wish you great happiness in your marriage, and I hope that one day you will forgive me. I must accept The Viscount offer, and you must marry Miss Hale. I dared not hope to fall in love ever, but I have. You have captured my very heart and soul, and they both shall remain yours until my dying day. Love, Your Bella **Penniless** The church bells at St. George's toll, causing a shudder to run through Isabella's body as she lay in her bed knowing that by now, Edward is a married gentleman. Sitting up, she walks to her mirror blotting at her red eyes one last time. She tries to compose herself so that she can face her future. Viscount Wentworth. Isabella knows it is her duty to assist her mother. Renee has always protected her daughters, and now it was Isabella's turn to do something for her. No matter the cost. Renee Swan enters her room. "Come, Isabella, The Viscount, and his solicitor are here." Isabella turns, stilling her nerves. "Of course." "You look pale. You must forget about him . Even with his wife's twenty-thousand pounds, he cannot afford to keep you in this lifestyle. Carlisle has informed me that once he pays his brother's debtors and Lady Clearwater's family, he must restore Cullen House, their family home, which has fallen to ruin along with their reputation." Renee pinches her cheeks. "It is over Mama, I do not wish to speak of it ever again. Did you have your solicitor transfer the money into an account in my name?" She asks coldly. "Yes, I have the paperwork. I really wish you would trust me, Darling," Renee says sadly. "You have lost my trust, Mother. We should go, the Viscount is waiting." Isabella leaves the room waiting for her mother to lead the way down the hall. She dutifully follows her mother through the lavish townhome. Once they reach the parlor, The Viscount stands. "There you are. You look simply ravishing, Isabella. I have had the townhouse cleaned for you. My last mistress, Lauren, did not take anything with her, so it is fully furnished." "That is wonderful, My Lord." She gives him a small smile trying not to show her discomfort. The solicitor stands, clearing his throat. "Miss, if you would sign here, everything is in order." Sitting at the small writing desk, Isabella looks over the contract, tears threatening to fall as her shaking hand picks up the quill. Dread fills her, and she struggles to breathe, the pounding of her heart so loud to her own ears. A banging at the door draws everyone's attention. "Who on earth would knock in such a way?" Renee asks in disbelief. Bella!" A yell sounds through the parlor. Isabella's heart stops at the sound of Edward's voice. She stands from the desk, turning to face the door. He rushes in, the aging butler following after him in frustration. Edward still wears his blue frock coat andgray trousers from his wedding. "What is the meaning of this? Get out of my home this instant!" Renee yells at him. "Bella, I love you! Marry me. Be with me forever." He begs, hasteningto her, pulling her into his arms. "My God, man, have you gone mad?" Emmett glares at his friend. "Mary you? You expect us to believe that an Earl would marry a courtesan?" Renee yells in disbelief. Isabella looks up into his eyes, tears now falling freely. She cannot believe that he is here, asking her to be his. Forever. Renee glares at her daughter. "Do not be a fool, girl!" Ignoring those around them, he falls to one knee smiling at her. "Mary me, Bella. Become penniless with me." Her hand covers her mouth as she sobs openly. "Yes, Edward! God Yes!" He stands, kissing her passionately, their tongues battling. His hands cup her face, and as he pulls back, tears are glistening in his eyes as well. Isabella never thought she would be as happy as she was at that moment. Edward pulls her out of the parlor ignoring the stun faces of both Renee and The Viscount. Isabella follows him as he leads her out of her mother's home and into the waiting carriage. His lips again take hers hungrily as they begin to move on toward their future. He ends the kiss staring into her eyes. "You didn't get married?" she asks, her tears falling freely. "I could not. The lady was not you. My God, you have ruined me," he says kissing her again. She giggles happily, holding on to him tightly as if he will disappear from her very eyes. He holds her in his arms letting out a frustrated sigh. "We have nothing," he whispers sadly. She smiles through her tears looking up at him … her future. "We have everything ... We have each other." A/N: There you have it! We're going to continue but first we're going to go back to the beginning …