fluid and strong. The forest around me was thick and green. My speed started to pick up, I was . . . chasing something or someone? The forest around me was a blur as I flew through the trees, weaving around them as I took off. But then I stopped. My foot ran into a puddle, and I looked down to see a paw. A big gigantic tan fur colored paw. Looking into the puddle I see a lioness, and not a normal sized one. This one was bigger than a regular sized male. This lioness staring back at me seemed like a mutant. Her amber gold eyes, bent down to get a closer look herself. As she got closer her eyes flicked quickly to a stormy grayish blue. A color that I knew very well. Earlier this morning, I woke up startled. My chest heaving, eyes wide, hands clenching the sheets with my curly hair wild around my face. You're probably wondering why I'm all freaked out about this dream. Well, it's because I think I may have an ability, or maybe just an inkling of something or intuition of some sorts that nobody around me else has. Before my mother passed, I started having dreams. Very vivid ones that seemed so real . . . and those dreams that felt real . . . actually happened. Some of them were helpful . . . helping Grams and I through tough financial times after mom passed. The other ones I had were hard to deal with. They put me in positions where I felt as if I was playing with fate. The only other person who knows besides me is Dion. And the only way he knows now is because I warned him about a dream I had of his little brother getting shot. Long story short, Dion took a bullet for his brother not knowing that I was telling the truth, and he believed me ever since. I don't want to tell Gram because either she'd put me in the looney bin or use my dreams to see if she'll win the lottery someday. Or worse, believe me and think I'm some god sent anomaly from our tribe. I still can't shake off the dream. Never have I had one that felt so real but wasn't true. Hmm, I don't know Mar, maybe you're starting to lose it. "Maybe I am." I mumble as I go to my dresser. Grabbing some Nyquil, I take the recommended dosage. Cringing as the medicine overpowers my taste buds. Should've taken this with water. I think as I shake my head and dive back into bed. Without a second thought I snuggle into my covers as sleep takes over. Images of a lioness with blue gray eyes flashing through my mind as I fall into a deep rest. ... ... "Alice what's wrong." Bella asks as the rest of the family remain unmoving. Like perfect pale marble granite statues. Renesmee, flashes to her mother's side. Her mother biting her lip. A nervous tick she had once as a human, but can't seem to let go of now even in immortal life. "I can't see anything." Alice's soprano tone voice moans. Jasper, never the one to stray too far from his mate, puts his hands on her shoulders. Sending calming waves to her. "I was able to see you all a second ago, but now my vision . . . I just can't see anything." Alice eyes widen. "Are you sure it's not any of the wolves making a sudden decision. Is Jacob coming over dear?" Esme asks Renesmee and she blushes furiously. "N-no, he's not coming over today. He's not coming 'till the weekend. He told me." Ren mumbles as she places a lock of wavy bronze hair behind her ear. "Do you think this has anything to do with the Volturi?" Carlisle asks Alice gravely, and the room is filled with a strong silence. The only sound around being Renesmee's beating heart. "It can't be Aro. I always keep tabs on him. He's hasn't made any decisions regarding us. He must be entertained with something else now." Alice ponders as she focuses on her sight. Trying to seamlessly get it back. "Well since we're narrowing down options. It can't be little miss Nessie over there. Alice sees all the smooches you're giving Jake nowadays." Emmett's voice booms, and Edward threw him an agitated look. Renesmee sends a glare at Emmett, but not able to hide her body's response she blushes again. An embarrassing trait she inherited from her mom. Emmett snickers as Rosalie smacks the back of Emmett's head. Setting him in line. "What else could it possibly be then? Who could be messing with your visions?" Edwards asks Alice, putting the focus back on the real conversation. "I honestly have no idea." Alice, looking worried sick answers. Even Jasper's ability couldn't relieve the look on her face. "Whatever it is, or whoever it is – we can deal with them." Rosalie states firmly as she grasps Emmett's hand in hers. She'd never let anything happen to this family. "In the meantime, until you regain your senses back Alice, we will remain alert. Just in case this is the Volturi's doing." Carlisle's soft yet authoritative voice fills the room and everybody nods in agreement. This isn't the first time they've had to deal with someone messing with their family, and it wouldn't be the last. N/A: SO that was that! I hope you enjoyed the chapter and continue to read more as I post. I plan to post weekly, so keep an eye out for the next chapter. This is my first story. It is my baby, and I hope and plan to continue writing this story and other ones in the near future. Please review and favorite the story if you like it! Review, review, review, favorite, favorite, favorite. Have a nice day and make it a good one. :)