Killer's side with his free arm. Even after the alarm sounds, and all the inmates hit the ground Big E keeps stabbing James. A loud gun shot sounds through the air, and E falls where he stands. "Emmett!" The Wild Boyz try to get up, but officers come running out of the prison and surround them, yelling, "Stay the fuck down!" They lay with their hands behind their heads as Emmett lay wounded just a few feet in front of them. Everyone's been on maximum-security lock down for the last three days. The Wild Boyz are almost non-existent, Big E has been moved to the hospital and is in the ICU. Mase sits in his cell waiting on J-Dub. J-Dub walks in with a print out piece of paper from the library. "Here it is. This wasn't easy, but Seth is a genius on that damn computer. This should be just what we need." In the yard, security is at an all time high. Nothing's getting on the yard without the COs finding out about them. The Wild Boyz stand around saying nothing to each other as Mase starts walking slowly over to Officer Denali. As he approaches her, she eyes him warily. "I need a favor." He says as he casually stands next to her. Tilting her head toward him, she asks, "What am I getting out of it, Cullen?" Looking around at the other officers, he strokes her hand where no one can see it. "Name your price and it's yours." Later that night Officer Denali slips into Mase's cell. J-Dub puts on some earphones and ignores the fuck out of them. Mase is actually drunk off of his ass from some home made hooch and a joint. He must need a little something extra to go through with that shit. Closing the cell behind her, she eyes him up and down. "What can I do for you, Cullen?" He walks up to her and stands a hairsbreadth away from her. "I need you to let me into Sam's cell, and then I need this information about Officer Black and Sam Uley to get back to the Warden." He hands her the paper that J-Dub and Seth Dog got from linking one Jacob Black to Sam Uley. They are only like fourth cousins, but cousins non-the-less. She folds the paper up and puts it in her breast pocket. "And what do I get in return?" He pulls her to him and takes a condom out of his pocket. "Bend over." It's three o'clock in the morning when Officer Denali comes to Mase's cell and lets him out. "It's a shame you're leaving tomorrow. I had fun last night." He shrugs his shoulders, trying not to show how fucking disgusted he is with what he did. He keeps telling himself he did it for Bee and the kids. They reach Sam's cell, and she unlocks it slowly, allowing Mase to step in quietly. Since Embry was still in solitary confinement, Sam doesn't have a cellmate. He's asleep on the top bunk and Mase quickly wraps the wire he has around Sam's neck and pulls for dear life. Sam tries to fight him kicking his feet and trying to grab at his face, but Mase takes a step back and pulls harder. Mase's hands bleed from the force in which he's choking him. Finally, the fucker stops struggling and dies. Mase makes quick work of searching his room in all the usual hiding spots. He finally finds the small packages of dope hidden under the rim of the toilet. He stuffs them quickly down his pants then peeks his head out the cell to find Officer Denali waiting on him. She locks the door without saying a word. He passes her the wire. "Get rid of that for me." She nods her head and escorts him back to his cell. Once back in his cell he relaxes and throws the packages to J-Dub. "Make sure you sell that shit and watch your motherfucking back. Big E won't be back for awhile and don't forget to handle Embry." He jumps down and pats his back. "No worries." The morning is a flutter of activity. They find Sam's body, and the inmates are all on lock down again. Officer Black is taken in for questioning because the warden found out they were cousin. The entire cellblock is naked and on their knees outside of their cells because they are doing another shakedown. They ransack the cells and come up empty. What the fuck they look like? It's finally time for Mase to get the out of there. He lays on his bed, waiting patiently. He's fully dressed in jeans and a t-shirt. Finally, a baton is banging up against his cell door. "Cullen! You're free to go!" He jumps up, and J-Dub is sitting on his bunk. "Get the fuck out of here!" J-Dub says as he jumps down giving him a one-armed hug. J-Dub follows him as Mase grabs the rest of his shit and walks out of the cell as Mase turns around. "Take care of your fucking self." As Mase walks out of his cellblock, Seth Dog comes out of his cell and gives him a hug. "See you soon." Mase finally reaches the front gates, and they give him the things he came in there with: his wedding ring, his wallet that just has a picture of his son, and his dad's watch; that's all he had to his name. As he walks out through the main hall and waits as the guard opens the gates to his freedom, he looks around and vows to himself to never come back. The guard opens the gates, "See you in a few months Cullen." The guard laughs at him and Mase scowls at his punk ass. "The fuck you will!" He walks out of the prison and right there in the parking lot are Bee and his kids. The End