with a smug look on his face. "If it isn't Ant's biggest fan. Come to see the finale?" His eyes roam my body making me feel sick to my damn stomach. What a fucking douchebag. "Just answer one question for me, asshole. Are you forcing Edward to dance in order for you to help save your parents' home? Surely, you can't be that heartless." I stand with my hands on my hips getting tired of this trash by the second. "Since you don't know me or Ant for that matter, I'm going to enlighten you. Edward has always been the favorite child, and I for one can't stand it. So yes, I'm knocking big brother down a notch.' His arm-candy stands in front of me, "It's all in good fun, Sweetie. Carlisle was going to give him the money either way, he just wanted him to work for it per say. You should be thanking Carlisle, Edward has really opened up." "You two are fucking sick bastards." I storm off, making my way to the front of the stage and taking an empty seat. Most of these women are standing, waiting with anticipation. Talk about desperate! Santa's going home with me, bitches! I've been so stupid and stubborn. Of course, Edward wouldn't purposely dance for money. The lights dim and Santa takes his place on the stage. That cute little ass of his on display for all to see. The women go wild. "Ladies! Ladies, for the last and final time… Santa Claus and his jingle balls!" The muscled MC screams out and the crowd goes wild. Mariah Carey featuring Justin Bieber's version of, ' All I Want for Christmas Is You' comes on and Edwards's ass shake until the beat comes in. They go crazy for him and I'm immediately fucking jealous. Nevertheless, once this is over, he's all mine. These bitches will never see his fine ass and cock again if I can help it. Before I know what's happening, Edward is in front of me straddling my body holding up his Velcro mistletoe. He leans into me asking with his eyes. I don't say a word as I pull him towards me by holding onto his suspenders bringing his lips to mine. My body relaxes as I enjoy our kiss in this room full of horny women. I can hear them around us yelling in jealousy as my man thoroughly kisses me in front of everyone. My hands find his bare ass and I give it a little squeeze while his teeth pulls at my bottom lip. "Looks like Santa found Mrs. Claus! Sorry ladies." The MC informs the crowd. ~JB&M~ "Right there. To the left, perfect! I scream out as Edward adjusts the star on his newly purchased Christmas tree. This damn place really needed some Christmas spirit. I insisted that we go back out and buy a tree and decorations. It's almost one in the morning and we are still up decorating and enjoying each other's company. I even made us some cocoa, which he seems to love. "Perfect!" Edward walks over and wraps his arms around me. "Merry Christmas, Baby." He says as he kisses my neck. "Merry Christmas, Professor." I turn in his arms, kissing his lips passionately. "I'm not your professor anymore; Baby, but you can still call me that in bed." He picks me up by my ass and carries me into his bedroom. EDWARD POV "Oh God! Professor!" She screams as I pound into her pussy from behind. She is currently bent over the foot of my bed, at a ninety-degree angle taking my cock like a pro. This is better than any dream I've ever had about us. I slap her ass for good measure. "You like that don't you, Baby?" I bend down kissing her shoulder as I grind inside of her. "Yes! Professor!" She turns around to stare me in the eye. She feels divine. Christmas is my new favorite holiday all because of this perfect woman currently moaning as I fuck her in my bed. "So good Professor! So fucking good! Don't stop!" I grab her, gently pulling her up and down on my dick. "Damn Bella, I've been dreaming about this all semester, Baby. Being buried in you, having you call out my name. Holy Circumference !" Bella reaches back and starts playing with my balls. This woman drives me crazy. I pull out of her and she turns around with a pout on her lips. Climbing on the bed, I lay flat on her lifting one of her legs up, causing me to slip inside of her. "Don't worry, I'm not done with you." I murmur as I begin thrusting hard. Bella reaches for something on the bed and then holds it up. It's the mistletoe from my stripping outfit. "Kiss me, Santa! Oh, I'm going to come!" I lean down kissing her as I rub her clit bringing her to climax. "That's right Baby! Come for Santa!" I say as Bella's body shakes under me. My orgasm approaches as I pound into her, " What's a Quintic Polynomial ?" "Oh Fuck! " She screams. "Answer me, Miss. Swan!" Her pussy clenches around my cock, the woman loves when I talk math. I'm in love, no question about it. ' It's a polynomial of degree five !" Another orgasm shakes her body as I come with her, my orgasm hits me like a sack of presents. My body goes limp on top of her. "Best fucking Christmas Ever!" I roll off of her pulling her to me. "Professor, did you just curse?" Bella climbs on top of me; the woman is an animal. "Baby, I need a break. We've been at it all night and all morning." Bella kisses down my chest holding the mistletoe in her hands. "You just relax professor and hold this up." Bella passes me the mistletoe as she kisses my cock. Holy long division Batman. Merry Christmas indeed. ~JB&M~