doing to your body. I'm keeping you fucking pregnant. Ride daddy's cock, Bella." The phone is still ringing, and it's starting to annoy me. Can I not have some private time with my dream husband? "I need you to come, Tiny. Daddy's gotta go." "Noooo daddy! Don't fucking leave me. Never want to wake up…." I pant out as he sits up and starts sucking on my nipples and fucking me hard, the phone ringing in the background the entire time. My body starts to shiver, my pussy walls constrict around his dick and suddenly I'm having the most intense dream orgasm of my fucking life. "Oh! Fuck daddy! Soooo Good! Edward! "Yeah, baby! I'm coming into my pussy. Oh Bella! Damn! Your pussy is so fucking good. I'm going to be dreaming about it until I'm in it again." We come together and suddenly my body slumps on top of him. He flips me over and lays me on the bed, pulling the cover up around me and tucking me in. He starts stroking my hair as the phone continues to ring. He lets out a frustrated sigh as he kisses my lips gently. "I gotta go, Bella. I love you so much, baby, and I miss you more than anything in this world." Sleep starts to take over me, which is strange, because I'm already asleep. I guess the dream me needs rest after the fucking my dream husband just gave me. "Edward…" "Yeah, baby?" He mumbles as I assume he slips his shirt over his head. "I love you….best dream ever." He lets out a chuckle, and I feel him lean down, grabbing my face in his hand. "Tiny, open your eyes." I force my eyes open and stare into my husband's deep green eyes and smile up at him. He is now fully dress, and a deep longing runs through my body at the sight of him getting ready to leave me again. "This is not a dream, baby. It's all real. Can't you feel it? Can't you feel how much I love you?" He gently kisses my lips as I slip into a comatose sleep. EPOV I stand over my wife, staring at her beautiful ass as my phone continues to ring. Fuck, I have to go. I only had two hours before the cargo plane carrying me and my crew was going to be fixed. While the other guys were grabbing a bite and just lounging around on the military base, I grabbed a military issued vehicle and drove as fast as I could to my parents' house to get a peek at my pregnant wife and, damn, was I not disappointed. I pull back the covers to reveal her naked body. She's deep in dreamland now, although she really thought she was dreaming the entire time we were fucking. She's so damn crazy, but who can blame her. The last time I spoke to her I was heading out to a secret mission and she didn't' think she would hear from me for maybe a few months, or until I was home again. I bend down and press my lips to her little pregnant belly. My son kicks me in my mouth and I let out a little chuckle. "I love you, too, buddy. Take care of your mommy for me." I kiss my girl one last time and pick up my ringing phone and start leaving our room. "Cullen… Yeah I'm on my way. Give me ten." I turn around to find my mom and dad both staring at me as if they were seeing a ghost. Shit, Tiny and I must have woken them up. "Edward! What are you doing here?" My mother rushes over to me and gives me a hug with tears in her eyes as my father walks up behind her, smiling ear to ear. "I thought maybe your wife was going crazy." I laugh at his comment. "No, our plane had some trouble on the way to our mission so we made an emergency landing at the base and I ran to see her. I gotta go, guys. The plane is up and running now. I love you both take care of my girl and my son. " My dad pries my mother from my body as she continues to cry. If Bella didn't think it was all a dream, I swear she would be the same way, and that shit would tear at my heart. "Of course we will take care of Bella and the baby. They are just as precious to us as they are to you." My mother says as I squeeze her shoulder. I pat my dad on the back and run down the stairs, rushing off to my unknown fate. One thing I know is that I'm getting back to my little family no matter what; failure is not a fucking option. BPOV I wake in the morning extremely tired and fucking sore all over. My pussy has a delicious ache to it, which is fucking strange since it was all a dream. I turn over in the bed and notice I'm completely naked. It seems like I've kicked off the covers in the throes of my passionate dream. But why the fuck am I naked, and why is my pussy sore and wet? I sit up and look down at my body. There are light bite marks and a hickey or two. Suddenly Edwards's words replay in my head and a dread starts taking over me. "This is not a dream." He said it with such conviction, but how is that possible? He was going on a mission and didn't know when he would be able to call or Face Time again. I start searching around the room when I notice a note on his pillow. I pick it up, afraid of what it would say. Tiny, It was real. I love you baby and I will be home soon. Daddyward