did it. It's hard to imagine something like that actually happening other than in a fairy tale. I couldn't imagine a more romantic way to be proposed to." Edward stared at me with his eyebrows knitted together with a smirk on his beautiful lips. "You sound kind of like a girl." He said amused. "Who would have known that Bella Swan would be so taken by the thought of a fairy tale worthy proposal?" "Not you too." I whined. "What did I say?" He asked as he wrapped up my lullaby. "Alice and Rose already gave me the third degree on marriage, and then were all offended by what I actually have planned out for my own wedding." I said shaking my head. "Seriously, I don't get it! Alice is sitting there with a big shiny rock on her finger talking about the proposal and then I get interrogated about marriage. Has the whole world gone BONKERS!?" Edward looked away from me, down at the piano with an amused smile playing at his lips. He rested his hands in his lap, then turned to face me. He looked at me skeptically. "You've thought about those things? About marriage, the actual wedding?" I shrugged and nibbled on a hang nail that had been tormenting me for the past three days. "Just little things." "Like what?" Edward pressed, swatting my hand away so I couldn't chew on my nail anymore. I sighed and felt my shoulders slump. Why did everyone want to talk about this stuff? "Well, like, not wanting to do the whole walking down the aisle thing and not dancing at all." "Whoa, whoa." Edward said, holding his hands up and looking at me confused. "You think you are going to get out of walking down the aisle? You think I won't make you dance with me? Are you crazy?" "With you?" I whispered, smiling. "Really?" "Of course!" Edward scoffed. "Who else would you marry if not me? Don't you want to marry me someday?" "Well, yeah, someday." I said with smirk. "I just didn't know you thought about that stuff." "I don't usually, and I certainly don't have the ceremony planned out as I'm sure Alice does, but there are a few things I imagine." I waved my hand gesturing for him to continue while trying to sneak the antagonistic hang nail back to my mouth. Edward held my hand down when he caught my attempt. "Well for one, I fully look forward to that moment when I am standing at the altar waiting for you, then seeing you in your dress for the first time as you come into view escorted by Charlie. And of course our first dance." He sighed as he picked up my hand, and played with my fingers idly. "The two things I look forward to most, and you want to cut them completely out of the whole thing." He shook his head in disbelief. "Well, thankfully we don't have to worry about that for awhile." I said with a smirk. "Maybe by the time we get there, to that point in our relationship, I will have changed my mind or at least talked you out of needing them." "You're going to have to change your mind, because my mind is already set in stone." He said pulling me closer to him. "I will require that both of those things happen." "We'll see." I said, standing from the bench. "Maybe by the time we actually get married we will be so tired of weddings we will just take a trip to Vegas and have a quickie wedding. That way I could wear tennis shoes and jeans!" I stopped and looked at the ceiling thinking about how that particular scenario would work then smiled widely down at Edward, who was still sitting on the bench. "OOH! Edward let's do it that way! Can we?" Edward shook his head and buried his face in his hands. He let out a sigh and pulled me to him, sitting me on his lap. "Bella, I don't care how much you beg; when I marry you I am going to do it properly. It may not be for awhile, but I am certainly not going to be married to you by some guy in an Elvis costume." "Oh Edward," I sighed resting my head on his shoulder, "They don't all dress like Elvis. I have even heard you can go to a drive through at some. I wouldn't have to walk at all then." "I love you Bella Swan." Edward said simply. For some reason I took that as a hell no to the drive through wedding idea. "I know, a lot of people love me." I said as I lifted my head off his shoulder and kissed him on the cheek. "I love me too!" "You are very lovable." He said with a smile and a light tap on the rear as I stood and started walking away. "I'm just going to wrap up a composition I'm doing, then I will be out there. It won't take long." Nodding, I walked out of the room and plopped on the couch when I got to the living room, switching on the TV, which now had more than just sports channels. As weird as this may sound, at least it would sound weird to Alice and Rose, I was relieved Edward wasn't planning on asking me that particular question for awhile. The way I see it is, just because Edward and I know we want to and are going to get married someday, I don't see a reason to rush it. It will happen when it happens, but for right now I am content with our relationship. Ok, more than content, I love where we are in our relationship and I don't see the point in rushing anything with him. (A.N.Tell me what you think and review! By the way, Rose's Dress is on my profile so check it out!)