team tonight." He leaned in close, licking his lips. "Yeah, we really did," I replied, moving closer. Edward took this as his cue and covered my lips with his. We kissed hard and rough, as if getting out all our frustrations in a heated battle for dominance. Picking me up, Edward eased his body down before lowering me on top of him, all the while, never breaking contact with our lips. I trailed my hands slowly up his body, before plunging them into his clean hair, tugging hard enough to receive a moan. The feel of his hands, as the grabbed my ass, pulling me flush against him, as we started to grind against each other, was enough to send me crazy. The contrast between his hard body against my soft, yielding body, sent a shiver down my spine. Pulling away from Edward, I tried to catch my breath, as he continued to trail hot, wet kisses down my neck, and across my collar bone. He moved his right hand which was snugly wrapped around my ass, up to cover my breast, setting my body alight. A moan escaped my lips, urging our bodies to move at a faster pace. "Bella, baby." Edward tried to get my attention but it was elsewhere. "Baby, we need to stop." I could hear his words, but I didn't want him to stop his assault on my neck. Slowly Edward sat up, our bodies separating, eliciting a slow moan from me. Chuckling he dropped sweet kisses on my lips. "Who knew planning to become criminals could turn you on like this." Dropping my head on his shoulder, I shook it. "It's not that, it's just you." "Hmmm, I like the sound of that," he said, as he shifted me off his yummy body and situated me between him and the back of the couch. We stayed there making out, the passion in our kisses could be felt throughout my body and I didn't want him to stop. "Edward, it's too late for you to leave. Please stay?" I asked him. I could feel his head nod, as I had refused to release his lips. We stayed like that until we both fell asleep, me wrapped in Edward's arms and I found that I didn't want to be anywhere else. The roar of the engine of a truck woke me out of my restful slumber. I looked around and realised that I was not in bed; as I stared at the back of the couch. I was squashed between the soft back of it and something rock hard and extremely hot. A loud snore startled me and I made to move, only to have strong arms tighten around me. The adventures of last night rolled around in my mind, as I turned around, coming face to face with green eyes. I smiled at him, as he reached over to place a kiss on my lips. I opened my mouth to greet him, only to have loud voices interrupt me. Edward and I hurriedly got up and rushed over to a window, just in time to see the funniest sight ever. In my parent's drive way stood the gang, in many states of dress or I should say undress. A few were in boxers only, others with pants only, some wearing jail issued clothes. The sheriff's deputies had dropped them off and were taking the handcuffs off. I knew none of them had been booked because Billy, my dad's best friend was the sheriff. The sound of cars coming down the street caught my attention, and as they got closer, I realised it was the girls. As they came to a stop, I pulled on Edward's hand and made my way to the door. "You ready to face the music?" I asked as he wrapped his hands around my waist. "Ready as I'll ever be," he replied placing one last kiss on my lips, before I opened the door for us. As we walked out on to my porch, we watched as Rose, Emily, Leah and my mom, manhandled their men. We laughed as the brawny Emmett cowered away from Rose and Jake hung his head in shame, as Emily shook her finger at him. "You gave him my clothes?" My father shouted as he finally noticed Edward and me. We sobered up quickly as all the attention was turned on us. "Well dad, he needed something better than the crap you and those fools gave him to wear." I shouted over at him. "Yeah, but not my clothes." he whined. "Shut up Charles! I can't believe you would try to sabotage your own daughter's date." Renee reached out and slapped him. Charlie chuckled and looked over at Edward. "Well he made it way too easy." "By the looks of it, I'm not as gullible as you all thought." Edward replied, using the line from their toast last night. "It was you?" Came a shout from one of the guys. "No..."I looked over at Edward. "It was us, partners in crime." I smiled up at him, as he placed a kiss on my forehead. Edward spoke loud enough for them all to hear, as he turned our bodies to face each other. "I really must thank you guys, because even through every accident and every unfortunate incident, last night was the best date of my life." We smiled at each other, kissing lightly, as the sound of little feet came running up the steps. "Mr. Cullen, are you staying to have breakfast with us?" Anthony asked. Looking over at me, and I nodded at him. "Tony, Anna, I'll be here as long as your mom wants." He replied to my very happy children. "She might keep you forever," Annabelle said. "I'm counting on it." He replied kissing my cheeks, in front of my giggling kids. I loved this story, so sweet and short. What you guys think? Leave a review and let me know. Cheltivia xoxo.