even crossed my mind..." His eyes now focused on my arm. He hesitantly lifted his hand and hovered it over the arm of the hand he held. He glanced up at me for confirmation and I nodded. He lowered his fingers so that the tips barely ghosted over the cuts. I'm sure he felt every groove. Hell, he probably could feel all of the infinitesimal lines crossing. "Oh, Bella..." I lowered my eyes from his agonized expression to my lap. I felt him remove the hand that kept mine extended in the air and then felt the gentle pressure of his fingers pulling my chin upwards. "Please don't hide your face from me right now. It's practically the only way I can understand how you are feeling." I wanted to laugh. "Why does it matter how I'm feeling, Edward? I'm fine now. I've already dealt with this. The only thing that is important right now is how you are. What do you feel, Edward?" Edward opened his mouth to protest but I gave him a look that removed the defensive expression from his face. He pressed his lips into the line again. He didn't have to think about how he felt, he already knew. He just didn't want to say. I reached up with my free hand and removed his fingers from beneath my chin and flattened his palm so that he cupped my cheek. "I am constantly telling you how I feel. Why can't you tell me for a change?" I laid my hand atop his and ran my thumb over the back of his hand. He finally opened his mouth to speak. "I feel...remorseful. Angry. Stupid. I am responsible for this..." "Actually, you got me to stop." Edward furrowed his brow at me, so I began to explain what I meant. "Remember that little voice I heard? Well, it yelled at me." Edward wriggled his hand from beneath mine to rub a hand over his eyes. "Well, thank God for that. But that doesn't mean that this isn't my fault. You can say that you're the one to pick up the razor or defend me in anyway that you please. It's still not going to discredit the fact that I left you and that is why you were hurting. As far as I know, I was the only person who had wronged you. If I had just stayed instead of deciding what I thought was best for you, you wouldn't have felt the need to hurt yourself." In one of his quick, unexpected vampire movements, he had dropped his face into his hand and began to dry sob. Obviously, there were no tears shed, but the sobs hurt me nonetheless. I grabbed hold of the hand that was still quasi-hovering near my arm. I still was laying partially in the bed, so I could not do much but grip his hand. I tugged on it lightly to attempt to convince him to lay down next to me so I could comfort him, but he merely dropped my hand like I had burned him. "Bella, please don't do that. Don't treat me like I deserve your kindness and love. In fact, I'm the least deserving of it. I literally left you in the woods. I had to have known that you would follow me. I knew that you might get lost. Essentially, I left you alone in the woods to die. Then I put you through all of that shit." I almost jumped at his use of an expletive. "And now I find out that you felt the need to hurt yourself because of what I did. How can you even want me near you after all of that?" At this point, I had teared up. I couldn't take Edward's sadness. "Because I love you. If you didn't think I was willing to take you back, don't you think I would have turned you down by now? I am willing to put your mistakes behind you as we are stronger because of it. And so what I cut myself? I didn't do it again. I knew it was dumb and I honestly think I did it out of exhaustion. Please,...don't torture yourself, Edward." He looked at me with heavy eyes, but didn't say anything else. I knew him and he knew himself. No matter what I said, he would never forgive himself. I heard him sigh lightly before looking down at my arm again. "Are these all of them?" I nodded. "I probably would have stayed there if I hadn't stopped. I don't know if you can count how many there are, but I've been too embarrassed to." He stayed silent, so I guessed it was a horribly high number. I felt my face burn. Edward glanced over my shoulder at the clock. "It's 4:20. I guess I should have waited until after school to ask you rather than rudely waking you up. I'm sorry. I'm guessing you want to go to sleep now?" I attempted to grin at him. "Only if you come here and kiss me." Edward rolled his eyes but shifted himself so that he laid next to me on the bed. He pressed his lips against mine gently and place his hands on a common location, my hips and the small of my back. I kissed him back gently, but was surprised when he went into the kiss with more fervor. I could feel my lightheadedness increasing. When he hands began to rise up over my hips and waist, the panic really set in. He noticed the pounding of my heart and pulled back. "I believe that's enough for tonight." I nodded and felt a wave of exhaustion wash over me once more. I snuggled into Edward's chest before whispering, "Goodnight." I fell asleep quickly, not even hearing his reply. However, I did manage to squeeze in one final thought as I succumbed to the darkness. I guess he does want to touch me .