and... when you ran into me, I was actually standing just a few feet behind you... working up the nerve to ask you out." I look at him suspiciously, opening my mouth to say something, but nothing comes out. I open it again, but close it right away, still unsure of what to say as a million things run through my head. Finally, I say one of the first questions that came to mind. "Why me?" I ask. "Well... remember that time that woman dropped her purse on the way into the apartment building? "Mrs. Cope." "Right, Mrs. Cope. You helped her, and when she offered you a dollar for your help, you refused. It was just a dollar, but you said no." "Yeah, but she needs it more than me." "And then that day that that little kid dropped his money at the store, when he was walking in, and it went into the gutter... you gave him some money to buy his candy bar." "I know, but-" "Then there was that time that-" "What's your point, Edward?" "You're selfless," he says softly, reaching his hand across the bar, as if hoping to touch mine. "You help others when they need it, no questions asked. You're not afraid of anything. And you're just... so young. Too young to have that kind of mind, that kind of heart. You're beautiful, inside and out." "Then..." I pause, swallowing nervously. "Then why didn't you want to talk to me sooner?" "Like I said," he says, giving a nervous laugh. "I was too chicken to do so." "But why?" I ask, stepping forward involuntarily, wanting to know more. "And why were you so mad at me when I ran into you?" "Because I wasn't ready yet," he admits with a shrug. "Because I was afraid that you wouldn't like me, because I'm older, because I'm boring... " He stops talking, and I'm standing right in front of him now. He seems out of things to say, but there's one last thing he needs to explain. "Why did you say 'well' just a minute ago?" I ask him; he wrinkles his brow in confusion, so I clarify. "I was telling you about my last New Year's Eve kiss, and you said 'well'. Well what?" He gives a small smile, looking down into his beer again, then looks up, his expression open and vulnerable. "Well, I could be that kiss tonight," he says, and when I open my mouth to say something, he interrupts again. "But only if you want!" "I don't know..." "Hey, everyone, the countdown is coming up!" Emmett suddenly yells over the crowd. "So, if you have that special someone, grab them now, because 2013 is running out of time!" The bar cheers and whistles, a few of them grabbing their date and pulling them close. A group of guys in the back corner sling their arms over each others shoulders, singing in loud, drunken voices. "What do you say, Bella?" Edward asks, his eyes wide and beseeching. I bite my lip, debating, watching without really seeing as Emmett changes the channel on the flat-screen TV mounted on the wall to show the countdown in New York City. The hosts of the show are jabbering on about the end of the year, as the camera pans over the crowd gathered in Times Square. "Six years isn't that big of a gap," I say to Edward, and his face splits into the biggest grin of the night. "I think you're sweet, and I have seen you around the apartment building." "You have?" he says incredulously. "Yeah," I say, looking down at the bar and back up again. "And you know what?" "What?" "I actually like older men." "This is it, people!" Emmett yells, holding his bottle of beer high in the air. Everyone joins him in counting down. "10...9...8..." "Promise to take me out?" I ask Edward suddenly. "5...4..." "Yes," he says quickly. "2...1..." "Good enough for me," I say, reaching across the bar and tugging him by his shirt toward me. "Happy new year!" Our lips meet, and I swear I see fireworks. The room is cheering and blowing noisemakers, but I can't hear them. I'm lost, lost in Edward's lips as they move against mine, gentle yet firmly. His hands lace up into my hair as I twist his shirt tighter in my fist, thinking that this just may be my last New Year's Eve spent with only strangers. My entire body tingles as Edward's hands pull me as close as they can with the bar still between us; I'm so breathless that my head is spinning, but in a good way. I don't know how long the kiss lasts, or how it feels so right, even though I don't really know this man, but I do know one thing... ...2014 is going to be a damn good year. A/N: True fact: I tend to date older men. My guy now is nearly 7 years older than me, but we fit together perfectly, if I do so say myself. He's just the right amount of childish while I'm a bit mature for my age. Ha! Oh, and apparently I have a thing for bars. I've written a few things with bars involved (namely my multi-chap fic Between Coffee & Beer) and I think it's because the atmosphere fascinates me. By the time I was old enough to go to a bar, I was already involved with my guy (just passed the 6 year mark!), so I couldn't flirt with other guys or enjoy being flirted with. I always wonder what kind of relationships start in bars-in fact, my brother actually met his wife in a bar and they've been married for 5 years! Anyway, I'm doing what I do best...rambling. Like I said at the beginning, this was just for fun. It's all fantasy, all best-case-scenario type of stuff, and I hope you enjoyed it. Hope to see you again soon.