if it was up to her. Back at the Blacks' after the service, she fidgeted in her sleek, black sheath dress and sheer hose on shoeless feet, unaccustomed to the more formal attire required to honor her dad's memory. Jacob laid her phone on the table by her hand, murmuring, "There's a few messages. I know you haven't checked it since yesterday. I could listen for you, in case Renee-" "It's fine," she whispered, her voice roughened by whiskey. Quil and Paul had sat her down to drink shots before the service-numb her up good before she had to deal with the grief of others. Jacob wasn't entirely sure if she was aware that she still clutched the bottle of Jack in her other hand. She'd set it by her feet for the service, but no one had the heart to tell her 'no' when she resumed drinking after the twenty-one gun salute and presentation of the honor flag. She'd hugged the flag to her chest along with the bottle of whiskey, stepped out of her heels, and wobbled off towards the Rabbit in stockinged feet. Paul caught her elbow before she fell in the gravel, sweeping her off her feet, and passing her over to the warm security of Jacob's arms. "Bells, honey?" Jacob had whispered, his lips pressed to the top of her head, carrying her the rest of the way to the car. "Mmm…?" "It's gonna be okay." "Won't," she shook her head, the word coming out muffled and watery under tears and whiskey. " M'all alone 'gain. Like when Ed- … they left. Alone. Dad's gone. Mom wishes she never 'ad me. Just a big cosmic fuck-up, Jay. Can't be yours, either. No imprint for the paleface fuck-up nobody wanted. Ever'body leaves." Jacob's face contorted in agony and the lump was back in his throat, the one that he couldn't swallow past. Resolved, he decided to spell it out for her when they were settled back at the house-the feeling Sam and he had when his dad called with the news about Charlie meant that Bella was Pack. He found himself cursing his ancestors again for the 'gift' of imprinting. No goddamn good ever came of it and it made his girl feel like shit when he knew for certain that he would never imprint, couldn't , because he never saw other women. Their faces all blended together into a homogenous blur. Only Bella's beautiful face had been clear to him since the day he phased wolf. He didn't need an imprint to tell him that was love. At the sounds of more soggy sniffles, Jacob turned to meet the eyes of his friends huddled together in the rain, their eyes wide in forlorn faces. He was confused for a second until he realized they had heard Bells pouring out her grief and loneliness, unaware the two of them had an audience. She was still muttering piteously as her head lolled drunkenly on his upper arm, "Good enough to be your best friend our whole lives since mudpies and diapers, sure… Girlfriend for a while, maybe, but no little baby puppies for the heir to the thing with the, with the... cosmic paleface fuck-up girl because of toothless vampires with piss-yellow eyes and-" she waved her hand in a circle, "you know, general paleness. And now… no Charlie-dad, either. Just nobody ." He motioned to Quil to take the keys for the Rabbit so he could climb right into his dad's truck with Bella in his lap. Quil took Billy home and the pack piled into his dad's pick-up around them, drawn to their pack sister, unable to be parted from each other. She'd sobered up some, her drinking slowing down, surrounded by the comfort of pack as she sat at Jacob's kitchen table before dinner when he handed her the freshly-charged phone. Pulling up a chair beside her-assuming there would be at least one snotty, uncalled for message from Renee among the others-he held her hand as she brought up her voicemail and put the phone to her ear. Bella and every wolf in the house froze as the very first message clicked on and a familiar, amused voice bled through the speaker. The quiet murmur of other voices and a cash register dinged in the background of the recording. " Hey, there, kiddo. Just wanted to let you know we've had a change of plans. Had to cut fishing short with Billy. I got called in to cover for one of the boys today, so I'll be late for dinner. Now I know you said no fuss, so I promise not to go overboard. I got your card and a Whatchamacallit and a little somethin' pretty 'cause you're still my baby girl. " A round of teasing 'aww's could be heard in the background, making a little ghost of a smile appear on Bella's face as she listened, a single tear breaking free. Jacob knew the voices, pegged them as two of Charlie's deputies who had been on the scene yesterday when it all went down. Charlie's message continued, " Oh, shut it! Ahem. Sorry, kid. Listen, in case I'm not there in time, I wanted to- " there was shuffling and it sounded like Charlie walked away a bit, the sound of his boots squeaking on wet pavement and sloshing through puddles was faint, but distinctive before he picked up where he left off, " I just wanted to… well... hell- " He cleared his throat again and began to sing in a deep, husky baritone that none of them had ever heard, " Happy birthday to you... happy birthday to you... happy birthday, dear Be-ells... happy birthday to you… Have a good one. Love you, kiddo. " The ghost of a smile tipped up into the beginnings of a genuine smile at the sound of her father's words, delivered a day late-his final gift to his baby girl. Review if you like...