want me to stop and pick up some on the way to the house?" He asks as I park the car "Well I'm closer to the pizza place I can just grab it on the way back." I offer "Oh yeah if you don't mind you know what we like" I laugh "Of course I do, Alright I'll see ya'll later" I say as I get ready to turn off the car "Ok laters baby" he says with a laugh and hangs up. I shake my head and grab the bags and list from the back. I make a quick work of getting everything on the list. I even search for a recipe online for dog treats and grab ingredients for them, might as well learn how to make those too. I grab some soda and a 6-pack of beer and head to the register. I place my bags at the end of the register by the bag boy while the cashier rings me up. I hand her all my coupons and she totals out my order, I swipe the household debit card and wish them both a nice day. As I'm loading the car my phone goes off, I glance at the screen and smile. "Hi Esme, How are you doing today?" I ask as I place another bag into the back. "Very well dear, how are you?" She asks "I'm good, just got done doing a grocery run, about to pick up some pizza for lunch." I say as I load the last bag. "Oh well I hope I'm not disturbing you" "Never, is there something I can help you with though?" I ask as I'm returning the cart to the store. "Well actually I heard that my baby is coming home tomorrow and I was going to plan a surprise party for him, I was just calling to tell you about it" she says "Oh what time" "I was thinking dinner maybe around 6; of course I'd want my grandbabies to spend the night so Bree and him can have a night to themselves." She says and I can hear the smile in her voice. "Ok Esme I'll tell Bree tonight when she calls that you are having a dinner" "Thank you dear, I'll see you tomorrow" "Ok Esme, See you then" I said as I hung up I drove over to the pizza palace and placed my order , While I was waiting I checked my email and saw that my publisher had sent over my book tour schedule and accommodations information. I sent a quick reply and told her I would look over it when I got home. The called my name and I paid for the pies and headed back to the house. I didn't see Edward's car in garage or driveway so I went and turned on the oven and placed the pies on pizza pans and popped them into the oven to stay warm. I went back out and started unloading the car. As I was putting away the last of the groceries I heard the garage door open and a blur of fur and kids running into the living room. "Hang up your coats and take off your shoes" I yelled at them. I turned back around and pulled the pizzas out of the oven. I grabbed 4 plates and glasses out of the cabinet. I plated a piece of each pie on the plates and poured kids some soda and Edward and I some water. I grabbed a beer out of the fridge and placed it near his plate. I heard him mumbling as he brought in all Fluffernut's stuff. "What did you buy out the whole dog section?" I asked with a laugh "Funny, I wasn't sure what to get so I got it all. Bed, collar, leash, harness, shampoo, body spray stuff, food, bowls, toys out the ass, brush, and treats." He said with a sigh "See this is why I didn't go, would you like your beer now?" I asked as I took a sip of water "Please, See when you find a man I'm gonna miss you waiting on me hand and foot, I never asked for beer but you knew I would want some." He said then took a long drag off his beer "Well for all I know that's not gonna happen for a long time so you can enjoy it while you have it" I said then called the kids in for lunch "Ok kids, time for lunch, wash your hands and come eat" I looked over at Edward as he was devouring his pizza. "Oh so your mother is having dinner tomorrow and wants us all there" I said while eating "Sure what time, I have to work until 5" "She said 6, so you'll have plenty of time to shower and change. Hey kids you wanna spend the night with Nana and Papa tomorrow?" I asked "Yes! Can we bring Fluffernut?" asked Lottie "I'll call Nana later and ask her" I said "OK are ya'll done with your lunch" I asked and they both said yes "Can we go play with Fluffernut outside?" asked Garrett "Yes but make sure you stay in the backyard and if he goes poop you have to clean up after him" Edward said as they ran off and got their shoes and some toys "Ok well I'm gonna finish laundry" I said as I got up from the table, grabbing plates and glasses "I'm gonna keep an eye on the kids" he says as he puts his dishes in the sink. "Hey Bella" he says as I start to walk away "Yeah?" I turned to look at him "Do you mind if I stick around for a while?" he asked while keeping an eye on the kids "No I don't mind at all Eddie, I'll be in the laundry room if you need me" I say as I turn back around leaving him in the kitchen.