Jasper about Isabella Swan" "Why?" "Because I want you to know the real me" I said before hanging up and turning my phone off. In a moment of anger I took my phone and through it not caring where it landed. "FUCK" I screamed at the top of my lungs not caring who heard. After about 30 minutes of cursing my life and screaming at no one I fell into an anger fueled sleep. I woke up about 13 hours later with a sore throat and a head ache. Knowing the flight only had about two hours left I got up and pulled my bag out. I pulled out a hooded black zipper vest and a strapless black tank top with a pair of black skinny jeans. I went to the bathroom and changed. I did my makeup very dark, heavy black eye shadow and heavy eye liner shaped for the cat eye look. I did my lip stick in a very dark red. My hair was simply straightened and left loose. I pulled my hood up and checked myself out in the mirror. I looked badass. To finish my outfit I put in some pale blue contacts and I slipped on a pair of black leather fingerless gloves. I quickly put on some jewelry; a black collar with the Slytherin Crest on it and a 'Whip' bracelet. As a final touch I put on some black lace up combat style boots. Just as I was done the flight attendant announced that we were about to land. I couldn't help but think about the fact that I might be a dead body in a few hours nothing but a lifeless body on the ground of an ancient castle. I was supposed to live forever, not get washed down the drain and forgotten. I was supposed to be a legend to be spoken about for the rest of my years, now I will be nothing but a teenaged tragedy. I guess things could have ended worst for me. I could have stayed in forks and obsess over a guy that I would never have. At least I lived a somewhat happy life as Alex and that is how I will die, as Alex; a strong brave beautiful woman. I got off the plane and walked to a cab never once did my shoulders sag. "Volterra Castle, please" "Si certo signora?" "Sì" I replied Shaking his head he started the car and pulled out of the airport. I sat waiting for him to stop. Honestly I had no goddamn idea where I was going. Finally he stopped and turned to look at me "Attento, molta gente andare in pochi escono." "Grazie" I paid the man and got out of the cab. I was wondering how long it would take the man to realize I had given him a three hundred-dollar tip but then again I may be dead before he notices that. I took a large breath and looked at the large gothic looking castle before me. It wasn't what I was expecting; there were red ropes at the doors that seems to be for guiding people inside. There were posters for something called St. Marcus day and a sign listing tour prices and times. It really appeared to a museum of sorts. If it didn't have the Vorturi's crest over the door I wouldn't think I was at the right place. With my head held high I walked it to the ancient castle and up to the reception desk. A snooty looking woman sat behind the counter. "Excuse me?" I said to the woman "If you're here for the 10 o'clock tour you're too late and you'll have to wait for the 12:30 one" she said while filing her disgustingly long nails. "Actually I'm here to see the brothers" "What?" she asked surprised "I am here to see the brothers you know Aro, Marcus" She rudely cut me off by picking up her phone. "Sir I know sir but there someone here for you ok sir I know sir I'm sorry for interrupting your meal sir ok sir bye" My throat clenched at the word meal. I knew they weren't eating venison. "Gianna is this the girl?" a high-pitched feminine voice demanded. "Y-Yes Jane" "Follow me" Jane Said leaving no room for argument. I had to jog to keep up with her until it hit me. I was going to die. I'm not going to take some little ass bitches shit on the day I die, I refuse to go down that way. "Hey bitch" I said loudly. She turned to look at me her crimson colored eye's filled with rage. "What?" she asked "Did you just call me?" "I called you a bitch, you need too slow the fuck down I know you can walk comfortably in those ugly ass shoes but these are vintage Louis Vuitton and they are very hard to run in" She glared at me with a look so full of hate most people would have pissed themselves but I somehow kept a straight face. "Watch your tongue or I will remove it" she said before taking off even faster than before. This time I kept my mouth shut and ran along with her. Finally we made it to a set of large oak doors. A muffled scream came from behind the doors followed by a sickening crack. Jane turned to me with a creepy smile on her doll-like face and said the words that I knew would haunt until the day that I died. "Welcome to the Kingdom of Vampires" Translations: Mor, Syster, Dotter - Mother, Sister, Daughter Si certo signora - Are you sure Lady? Si - Yes Attento, molta gente andare in pochi escono - Be cafeful, Many go in few come out. Grazie - Thanks Guilt Storm now up and ready for action. For this story to make sense you must read Lightening Bolt. Hope you liked it. C R-W Please Review