with you, Edward. I wanted to go with you so badly. I cried for like, a week." "You gonna let me finish, or what?" I waved my hand for him to continue. "You showed up with James. I tried so hard, so many times, to make you realize he was a piece of shit. Even before that dance." "Edward, I learned that the hard way. That didn't mean-" "It doesn't matter. I saw red, I guess. If you wanted a jerk, I could be a jerk. I'd be the biggest jerk you ever met. At the time, I really thought you gave me some bullshit excuse so you could go with him. I realize now, two years too late, after a long talk with Alice last week, that was not the case. It just got out of control. I really have no good excuse, nothing that even comes close, Bella. I just had such a crush on you, and I was so fucking pissed and hurt that you didn't want me back." "You had a crush on me, so you were mean to me, is what you're saying?" "Yeah, in the most basic of terms, yes." He shrugged. "Fucking Jasper," I chuckled. "What?" "He's just…always kind of right about stuff." "That he is," he agreed. "So, we're good then?" I asked hesitantly. "I don't know, Bella. I mean, I am so sorry for all the dumb shit I've said. I don't think I can ever make that right. All the times I've made you uncomfortable. So stupid. How could you ever be good with me? And you thought I was going to hit you!" "NO! No…I didn't. Not really. I was all fired up, and I probably wanted to push you more than anything." "You do have a lot of fire in you, Bella Swan." "I forgive you, Edward. Bygones and all that. Just…talk to me next time. Be honest, OK? Don't go a year and a half giving me whiplash and saying dumb boy shit." I held my hand out for a truce. "Deal." We shook hands and then laughed at the absurdity of it all. "You have to be honest too, OK? If I am ever pissing you off, give me a good arm-slap or something. It's the least I deserve." "Well, if we are being so honest, there is something I've been wanting to do for a long time." "Oh? What might that-" I didn't let him finish, as I leaned over and planted my lips to his. It was meant to be a light kiss, to kind of seek out his reaction. Then, it turned into something more – something we have both wanted for a long time. "Ahem! What are you two up to?" Alice teased as everyone else tried to avert their eyes. "Oh, you know, just waiting for the Great Pumpkin." I giggled as I hid my face against Edward's shoulder, feeling comfortable…familiar, even after everything. Never one to miss an opportunity, Emmett piped in, "I think Edward's sporting the Great Pumpkin in his pants right about now." As we all just about peed ourselves with laughter, I realized this was the second time in a week that everything stayed the same, but everything was also different. . . . One Year Later… "Jesus, Bella. Walk much?" "Give me a break! There are pumpkin vines fucking everywhere ," I said from my spot on the cold, muddy ground. "Looks like you got some mud on your boots, you ass." Emmett was yet again laughing at my clumsiness. "Oh, no, but I just got these and now they're ruined!" I mocked. "Come here, Baby." Edward reached down and helped pull me up, and then he helped me brush some of the dirt off my clothes. I thanked him with a kiss. "This is a much better pumpkin picking experience than last year, if I do say so myself," I teased him. We didn't usually talk about how we were before we were Bella and Edward , but I couldn't let him forget completely. "I miss Alice and Jasper," whined Rose from a few pumpkins down. "I am sending them all these pictures. Even the one of you on your ass, Bella. Alice will love that!" After we graduated high school last spring, Alice went to New York City to go to Parsons School for Design. Jasper followed her, enrolling in John Jay College of Criminal Justice. Rose and Emmett ended up in Eugene, Oregon. Rose opened up a little boutique store with her cousin, using some money their grandmother left them. Emmett got a scholarship to the University of Oregon. Edward and I totally by chance and not at all planned both ended up at college in Seattle. The four of us on the west coast decided to pick a random pumpkin farm at the halfway point to keep the tradition alive. "Are we carving these tonight? Can you be trusted with a knife?" Edward looked at me cautiously. I gave him a sour look. "Watch it, buddy, or you will have something to worry about." He laughed and pulled me close. "I love you," he whispered softly. "I love you, Edward Cullen." He kissed me as if we were the only two people in the pumpkin patch. Pulling away, I wrapped my arms around his waist and we walked back to the wagon. Rose and Emmett were already there waiting. "I see the Great Pumpkin has returned for another Halloween!" Emmett bellowed as we took our seats across from him and Rose. I once again found my face buried in Edward's shirt, feeling completely at home. . . . A(s)N: I just wanted to say I, chosmer, hate the movie Frozen. I may be the only person on this planet that isn't in love with it, but, yeah, no. All the Frozen crap was Jessica's idea. Well, this whole thing was her idea. Jess – If you don't love Frozen, you can GTFO.