handed in with your name on it, but I was also informed that you did not write the essay yourself. Unofficially, the entire school, including teachers, have been aware of your academic dishonesty with handing in written assignments. Officially, however, you have never been summoned here for that reason because they were just suspicions, and I was not about to waste my time with something and someone so useless. This time however, it is clear that you did not write the essay handed in today with your name on it. It was brought to my attention of your cheating by another student, who asked to remain anonymous and therefore-" "This is bullshit! What makes you think you can take some other kid's word over-" "HEY! What did i just say about respecting your elders? As I was saying, therefore, the most logical step would be to expel you. Forks High School has a zero tolerance policy for academic dishonesty. But after I informed your father of the incident, he was able to sway my decision. Instead, I will give you one other chance. This is where you come in Bella because-" "What do you mean this is where she comes in? What can-" "Edward, stop interrupting me! It's rude and impolite. Bella, seeing as you are an organized student, capable of prioritizing your life in a more sensible manner than Edward here, you will be accompanying him academically..." I zoned her out about then. I was fuming. Having Swan tutor me? I wasn't even stupid! I was probably smarter than half the junior class. I looked over and saw that Swan still had the same shocked expression: wide eyes, jaw dropped, and that blush. "Wait wait wait wait wait wait wait." Swan started, "Mrs. Maze, I'm flattered, but I can not tutor Edward! It will just cause more harm than good. And it's not like he will actually listen to me! I don't even think he's capable of doing-" "And what's that supposed to mean? You think I'm an idiot Swan? Well you can just shove-" "Calm down both of you!" Mrs. Maze stood up and slammed her hands down on the desk, startling both of us. Maze smoothed out her long, grey pencil skirt before sitting back down. "Now, where was I? Yes, don't think of it as tutoring, because we all know that if Edward put in the effort he could be at the top of his class. It's more like you will be helping him organize his time and manage his work in an effective and productive manner-" "So you want her to babysit me?" I asked incredulously. This was ridiculous, I can take care of myself. "Just let me off with a warning. I won't be, uh, academically dishonest anymore," I said the last three words with my fingers as quotation marks. And no way in hell I was gonna stop, I'll just be more careful. Who the hell snitched on me in the first place? "No, Edward I can not let you off with a warning. This is your last chance. And I know if you don't turn around and I do expel you, your father will be sending you to an all boys reform school..." She got me there. There was no way in hell I was going to any all boys school, reform or not. It would be miserable. Dad threatened it more than once, but I knew he wouldn't act without an instigator. Especially when Mom would be devastated. At least one of them cared. But expulsion would definitely give him a reason to ship me off. Swan interrupted Mrs. Maze right on cue. "What about me? Don't I get a say? I don't want to do this. Shouldn't I get a choice? Surely there are more students more willing to do this, more students who could do it better than me." Who knew Swan could be so verbose? Mrs. Maze listened to Swan's little rant with a sympathetic smile before responding. "Yes, there are more students more willing to do what I want you to, but not any that would make any progress with him. I don't mean to be so direct, but even among staff is Edward's...social recognition...quite evident. Freshmen and sophomores are too young to understand the lessons in the junior year curriculum, and that leaves juniors themselves and seniors. Out of those remaining groups, no one will be capable of resisting Edward's...bribes, for lack of a better word. I'm sure you understand what I'm saying," she finished with another soft smile. "Sure, just ignore me and talk about me like I'm not here," I nearly shouted. And ignore me they did. "But, still, Mrs. Maze, you aren't requiring me to accept this task are you?" "No, Bella, I'm not. But I do know that you won't be able to help your guilty conscience when Edward is denied entrance into the school. I know, it's a cruel card to play, but necessary. Honestly, Bella, I think you will be fine. Both of you are making this much more melodramatic than it needs to be." Swan and I were both speechless. We just stared at Maze. After it was clear we didn't have anything to say back, Mrs. Maze wrapped up this little meeting. "So, Bella you will be helping Edward with his work about three hours every night. I already informed both of your fathers of this, and both were fine with it. And Edward, your father will be informing me if you try to skip out on this opportunity, and rest assure I won't be too happy. Now I'm not saying you need to be together for exactly three hours every single day, but you get the gist? I suppose you can start tomorrow. Have a good evening, you're free to leave." What did you think? I know Edward's a complete jackass, and he will be for awhile, but don't worry he'll change, obviously. Please please please review!