woods, carrying her deep into the thick ferns and dense canopy of the forest. He loosed a howl in human form that his brothers would easily recognize as their Alpha. Less than two minutes later, Embry and Quil came galloping through the undergrowth, phasing mid-step amongst the soft, bushy ferns to rush up to Jake and offer assistance. A warning growl pinned them in place before he could fight off the instinct to protect his mate from the advancing males, his own pack brothers. They stopped on a dime, hands held up to show they meant no harm. Shaking his head to clear it, he apologized, "Sorry … sorry. It's- Jeez, it's still really strong. The bond hasn't settled yet." "The bond?" Embry asked hopefully, hanging back to give Jacob some room. Adjusting Bella in his arms, the red hood fell back to reveal the rapidly-healing pink lines of his mark near the back of her throat. A pale, dainty hand emerged from the red fleece folds to curl around Jacob's neck as a sleepy voice murmured, "Love you … my Jake…" Embry's and Quil's faces lit up with smiles and they congratulated him, Embry going so far as to get in an 'I told you so'- "I told you your faith would be rewarded. You knew she was the one and never doubted it." "I can't say I trusted the Spirits to let it go on this long, Emb, but I'm grateful, so grateful," he whispered, lowering his forehead to touch it to hers and brush a tender kiss across her lips. "So… looks like we have even more to celebrate at the bonfire tonight. When is the wedding?" Quil elbowed him. Jacob's eyes widened in disbelief, "Wedding?! Are you crazy? She just finished high school! She still wants to go to U-Dub. She's going to get her teaching degree, too. We'll apply for jobs at the Tribal School together when the time comes." He shook his head at his brothers, "Don't you two know anything about girls?" "But, Jake-" Embry swallowed nervously, unable to finish. Quil picked up the direction of Embry's thoughts and managed to voice the pack's greatest worry, "Won't that be really tough with her there and you- You'll be here, right?" He watched Jacob with worried eyes. "Yeah, it'll be tough, but we've talked about it. She's going to stay with me on the rez during semester and holiday breaks and I'll go see her on weekends as often as I can. I've got patrols and council duties, so I'll have to miss some weekends with her, but-" "No. While she's in school and the two of you are kept apart that much, the pack will step up," Embry spoke as Beta for his brothers and sister, not because he would order it, but because he knew they would want to do this to make life just that little bit easier for their Alpha after the year of hell he'd only just survived, not to mention the four previous years of grueling school work, part time jobs, tribal duties, and patrolling. Jacob had more than paid his dues and earned a little payback from his pack. Everything he did was to improve their lives or the quality of life on the rez for his people. He never put himself first, so his pack would do it for him this time. "She'll wake soon. I need to get her home so she can change and clean up before Charlie and Renee start to wonder where she is and come looking for her. We pretty much bolted after the ceremony," he said with a smile, looking down at her in his arms, cocooned in his red hoodie and a dress that looked like it had seen better days. A sly smile slid across Embry's lips, "Couldn't wait, huh?" Jacob laughed good-naturedly, "No, not even one more minute. Neither could she." He flexed and tightened his hold, his bulging biceps no less comfortable than any feather bed to his new mate as she curled into the solid wall of his chest for a snuggle. "You'll both be up for the bonfire tonight?" Quil inquired politely, worried that Bella may not come around quickly based on her semi-coherent state. He knew how intense the markings could be. "She'll be fine by then. The marking—it took a lot out of us. I've seen it in the minds of the others, but… this was different. It felt different," Jacob shook his head, wishing he knew how to explain the difference between what he'd seen the others go through and the mind-blowing spiritual transformation he and Bella had shared. He didn't have the words. Bella would. She was good with words. They would talk about it later that night. "You're Alpha, man. Of course it was different. Probably stronger, too," Embry reasoned. "She'll be okay. You'll both be better now." "Yeah," Jacob agreed. " We'll be okay…" he murmured, realizing that there really was no more her or him in his mind anymore, only them . Exhaling a breath he felt like he'd been holding for almost a year, he dismissed his brothers with a nod to get back to their duties. Cradling her gently, he chuckled inwardly at the coincidence that chemistry was responsible for bringing them together. When selecting it as his area of expertise, it never occurred to him that another kind of chemistry would await him in the classroom—would play a role in his destiny. Assured of his future with the beauty in his arms, he carried his mate home to prepare for the bonfire where she would finally be welcomed as part of the pack nearly a year after their undeniable chemistry brought them together in a meeting of minds, hearts, and souls. P.S. I know, I know. It's a little much with all the 'chemistry', but leave me some love in the comments if you enjoyed Mr. Black, Forks High's newest chemistry teacher anyway. ;)