and called Alice. I started out calmly, telling her that I wasn't feeling well. Then the truth wormed its way out in bits and pieces until I was sobbing and confessing everything to my oldest friend. She listened patiently, letting me spill my guts like a samurai warrior. Then she picked up the scattered pieces and put me back together. She told me that I was a good mother. A good wife. A good friend. Temptation hits us all, even the strong ones. She'd been down that path herself many times, even though she, too, married her high school sweetheart. They had even considered divorce, a fact she had never told me before. I hiccuped and dried my eyes, feeling like an idiot, but also strangely calm. When I came back inside, Seth took one look at me and went to grab an ice pack from the fridge. "Sit down, babe. What's going on? Is something up with your parents?" "No, no. They were fine last time I spoke to them. I was just on the phone with Alice. It's nothing. Just silly girl stuff." "Aha." Seth nodded and sat down beside me. 'Girl stuff' was my code for anything hormonal. Somehow I don't think he believed me. I wasn't the type to rage or cry when I had PMS. I generally just ate lots of crappy food. Had he read between the lines? Did he know why I was really crying? He didn't give me any clues. When Edward arrived on Friday morning, I let him in then went straight up to my office and closed the door. It was past time for me to start acting like an adult. I worked clear through lunch. My stomach was rumbling, but I filled a glass of water in the bathroom and ignored my hunger pangs. I didn't hear anything from downstairs. It was after 3 o'clock when I heard footsteps in the hallway. I sat frozen at my desk, waiting to see if it was Seth or somebody else. There was a gentle knock at the door, and I swallowed past the lump in my throat. I willed him to walk away, to leave me to my misery. Because, even though I was committed to doing the right thing, to being a good person, there was a piece of my soul that wanted to burst through the door and jump into his arms. "Bella?" his voice was quiet. Pleading. It shattered me. I opened the door, and the pain in his eyes only magnified my own. "Did I do something to make you angry?" he asked. I shook my head. "Is everything okay?" "It's great," I lied. "I've just been very busy." "I wanted you to know that I was finished. Well, except for installing the speakers, screen and chairs. They are scheduled to arrive tomorrow, I think. Seth texted me earlier." I nodded wordlessly. "Please. Say something." He stepped closer, and I could smell a hint of tobacco smoke. He licked his lips furtively, his eyes dipping to watch as I subconsciously mimicked the gesture. "There's nothing to say." "Nothing?" His hands shook, rising slowly to circle my waist. Then he was leaning in, and I was captivated, helpless to resist. It started as a light kiss, just a brush of his lips against mine. It started as a spark, and became a conflagration. Like a brushfire at night, driven by wind and an insatiable hunger for destruction, he devoured me. And I pulled him closer. Wanting to be completely engulfed by him. We attacked each other with our need and our desperation, our shattered resolve. Through the thunder in my ears, the pounding of my heart, I heard a noise that stopped me in my tracks. Less than a block away, a bus was pulling up to the curb, and my boys, my lovely, crazy, innocent, beautiful boys were climbing down the steps. Walking this way. Trusting that their home would be here, their life would be here, their parents, their foundation was intact. Solid. There for them always. "No…," I sobbed out my denial. "No. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. You need to leave. Now." His eyes were tortured jade, starved and hopeless. He backed away silently. Nodding in understanding. Resignation. He said goodbye to the boys on the steps of my dream home, his voice full of fake cheer. Then he drove away. I closed the door, sat on the floor with my back against the wall, and cried. I made love to my husband that night. I threw myself at him recklessly, wildly, completely. I gave him by guilt and my sorrow, my imperfection. I gave him my vows all over again, my heart, my mind, my body and spirit. I shook through my climax, then clung to him until sleep stole over my body. Seth told me that Edward hurt his hand over the weekend and wouldn't be able to finish the job. Alec made room in his schedule to finish what Edward couldn't. I had told Edward to leave, and he had obeyed me. I was grateful. I couldn't have beared to see him again. Seth watched my face closely when he told me the news. Maybe he did know. Maybe he had known all along. But he never questioned. Never challenged me. Seth knew what choice I made, and I chose him every day after until the moment a stroke stole him from us. Too young. Too soon. Still beautiful. Still wonderful. Still the love of my life. *O*o*O* Things to Remember: - All stories are ANONYMOUS and any reference to who the author is will result in the story being disqualified from the contest. - Feel free to pimp the contest! - Follow the contest on Twitter or join the Facebook group! - Public Voting begins February 23, 2016. Thank you for reading! Please feel free to leave a review so the author will know what you thought of their story!