to start asking questions before you contemplate killing them, especially if you don't know exactly why you want to go into attack mode." "I'm sorry!" "Sorry? You were a douche bag!" "Okay, Josh I get it. I'll fix it, Josh." "No-No you will not, you have done enough!" The next thing you know Josh's quick footsteps could be heard following behind me. "Please, just give me time to cool off, I'll track you down!" I shouted back at him. .A. It'd been about a good three hours after the little episode in the alley. Josh was still pissed, ranting on about his frustrations with Sally in front of me. I couldn't help but just stand close to the door and fantasize a bit. Leah was just so beautiful and exotic looking. I could just imagine her long brown locks crashing over her shoulders as I plow myself into her. Her lips probably tasted so sweet like honey, and that voice...ugh...so raspy and sexy. I so would desperately want to hear the little noises she'd make tossing and turning while she slept. I didn't even care about the wolf smell. She would moan, a low throaty sound that would vibrate through her neck as I would plop wet kisses on the spot just below her ear. I would be able to feel her tremble as she hung on to me. I'd nudge the waistband of her skirt up wards a bit to gain more access. I'd nibble at her lips as my hand slipped into her panties, rough fingertips circling her sensitive bud as her fingernails scratched down my back. The sensation would feel heavenly. I'd catch her cry with my mouth as I plunge one finger into her wetness. Her hands would be everywhere, along my broad chest, her fingers mapping the planes of my muscles all the way to the clasp of my pants. She'd open them, nipping along my neckline as she reached inside, wrapping her hand around my cock. I would be oh-so-hard against her palm as she stroked me base to tip. She'd groan as I'd slid my finger out of her clamping pussy. She would pout at me and I would wink back. "Aidan…" "mmm, yes?" I'd growl. "Aidan?!" I snapped back into it. Looking at both Sally and Josh I soon realized after watching their gazes head south that I had a raging hard on. "Ugh, come on guy!" Sally shouted. Josh slapped his hands over his eyes. "Seriously?" I quickly reached in my jeans and flipped the painful boner up to hide it. "You need to calm down," I assured gosh if my face could turn red right now. She said she'd track the place down so she'll be coming by sooner or later. If not today then maybe tomorrow. They both looked at me, Sally was trying not to laugh while Josh was just so pissed off. "Calm down?" "Get a keg!" Sally interjected. We both looked at her probably thinking the same thing. "What?" Josh quickly walked to the middle of the living room, "you know what? What is it with you Aidan? Did you have a hard time back in colonial times?" I shot him a sarcastic grin. "Why do you insist on befriending every stray that comes along." "I was asked to do a favor!" "You know what? I'm gonna get you a bottle of rum, maybe that'll cheer you up." He laughed bitterly. "Hey, you know what? Screw the keg. Pick me up some crack." "I seriously thought that she was a threat," I tried to explain. "Welp, she wasn't Aidan, good job. You vamped it up enough thanks," he smiled sarcastically at me and I knew already to just let him handle her. But I was a little touchy on this subject now because no one could just understand where I was coming from. "Well, how the hell am I supposed to know? You talked about her once, saying maybe she would be staying—" "It wasn't a set thing!" Josh shouted. I threw my hands up in the air. "I thought princess maybe sent a mutt to do her bidding for killing her…" I widened my eyes and tilted my head quickly. Josh knew what I meant and what I was talking about. He gave me an exasperated look and sighed. "I panicked!" "Oh!" Josh had a bitter look upon his face. "So great job Dracula, you scared away a purebred." I wasn't even listening to what he was saying, once he said Dracula I began harshly but quietly trying to correct him. "THAT is offensive!" "I don't give a damn, don't call her a mutt!" "It still hurts Josh, I may not have a beating heart, but it's still there!" And then came a knock at the front door. We both stopped and glared at each other. Sally came out of nowhere appearing next to the door. "You two should seriously bang, I'm feeling the tension." My head fell back, I groaned, "Please stop." "Anyone going to get that?" She asked pointing with her thumb back at the front door. "Yes," Josh took a deep breath in taking long strides towards the door. With one hand on the handle he glanced back at me and shooed me to go into the kitchen. "You've done enough, nearly killed her, thank you." Before twisting the handle he looked down at the front of my jeans. "Just make sure mini you doesn't come out, you'll scare her half to death." I rolled my eyes and took a few steps backwards as he opened the door to the magnificent beauty before him. I had to bite back a groan for God's sake. She's a wolf Aidan, get a hold of your balls. Okay, so I'll try writing up a second chapter if you like it. Until next time! Check out my other fanfic called I Want You it's on my profile. Review and tell me what you think please! .