had to keep up appearances. When she entered though, something felt off. Zee barely made it to the office before she turned around and left. Deciding to try the next available school, she drove herself right to Forks and upon entering the high school, she knew this was where she was meant to be. Was she here for Bella? The reason her instinct dragged her to La Push after almost seventy years was still a mystery. She did know that seeing the broken girl sitting by herself today had pulled on her heart strings. Zyanya planned to help her any way she could. Forcefully blowing out a breath, she refocused on the task at hand. These boxes were not going to unpack themselves. .-^-. After a long night of putting everything in it's proper place, Zee collapsed on her bed and drifted off to sleep. When her alarm began to buzz annoyingly hours later, she reached her arm out to give it a few swats. With her third attempt, she was able to stop the horrid sound and lazily stretched in her bed. Forcing herself into a sitting position, she knew she had to make herself get up. Today was the day she was going to the Chief's house. She had to let him know she was back and that she was reclaiming her land. Falling into her morning routine, she showered, did her hair and makeup, then slid on a sweater dress and some boots. Looking down, she missed the freedom of being barefoot. Though she loved the style of shoes, she absolutely hated to wear them. Even pants were never very common in her attire. Dresses and skirts were always her first pick, it's just what she'd always been used to. As Zee walked out the door, she was happy to see that it was not raining. Excited she would get to put the top down on her old blue Comet, she rushed over to her metal baby and quickly inserted the key into the ignition. Driving along, she found that so much of the town had changed. Many new structures were built but the reservation still had enough nature to drown out the suburb feel. She pulled up to the gravel road towards the little red house... she knew the head of the tribe had resided here. When she turned off the engine, her nerves began to jump. What if he didn't know about her and she had to explain her history? He would surely have her kicked off the Reservation and locked up in a loony bin. With a sigh and all the courage she could muster, Zee exited the car and made her way up the worn ramp. After a few knocks, she held her breath and waited. When the door finally opened, she found herself looking down at an older man in his late fifties. He was quite handsome with long dark hair that was mostly hidden under his large felt hat. Resting comfortably in his wheelchair, he gave her a warm smile. "Can I help you dear?" "Yes." Zee gave him a polite smile. "I am looking for Chief Black." The man began to chuckle. "Well... you found him, but nobody really uses the formal title. Just call me Billy." He reached his hand out to shake Zee's. She responded to his greeting and he invited her inside. After declining his offer of a beverage, Zee made herself comfortable on his couch. Billy rolled up and angled himself across from her. "Now, what can I do for you?" Zee crisscrossed her hands on her lap and spoke in a steady tone. "My name is Zyanya Bishop and I would like to inform you I have moved back onto my land." Billy's face paled slightly and he did not do a very good job of hiding the surprise in his voice. "You're her?" "If you mean the 'her' that was here when your grandfather was chief, then yes I would be her." "Wow," he said and then let out a long whistled breath. "I knew the stories, I have even told them... but I was never sure you were real." Zee let out a small giggle while Billy gave her a wide smile. "Of course, we are glad to have you back and the deed to your land will be in order. I assume you came because of the cold ones, the pack has been resurrected." Now it was Zyanya's turn to be surprised. "I wasn't aware the wolf gene had been triggered." "Yes." Billy shook his head. "The Cullen's came back and the fever started. Right now there are three, but we expect more." His face suddenly fell. "My own son is expected to phase." Zee reached out and squeezed the man's hand for comfort. She knew the path of shifting into a wolf was a difficult one. "Your family line is filled with great honor." He patted her hand. "Thank you." She released him and he leaned back in his seat. "The Cullen's actually left a few months ago, but everything has already been set in motion." A perplexed look overcame Zyanya's face. "How do I keep missing them? I arrived after they left the last time as well." The chief laughed. "Trust me, you didn't miss much... but I do think it would be beneficial if you meet the pack. Sam and the others should know they have an extra ally," Billy explained. "How about after the holidays? That will give you some time to get settled into your home." "That sound's perfect. So I will see you next year," she joked knowing it was only a few weeks away. Zee stood and shook Billy's hand once again. "It was very nice meeting you Billy." "You as well, Zyanya." He grinned. "It's nice to finally meet the legend." With a light laugh and a nod, Zee let herself out and found she was relieved everything went so well. Thoughts? Fav/Follow/Review! :D