still wasn't getting his way, turned to his guards. "Restrain the beast," he ordered. I looked at him horrified, not my mate! I jumped forward to protect her, but Jasper quickly spun and pulled me to his chest. "Don't interfere Alice," He whispered to me, causing me to growl, "Remember, she handled all of them at the castle, she can do this." The reminder calmed me slightly, but I was still anxious to protect. I watched as the guard members slowly closed in of her, as she kept slowly working her way to me. Felix stepped in front of her, cutting off my sight of the bear's eyes. I snarled possessively, but Felix didn't hear. In fact, only Jasper out of everyone there knew I snarled, and that was only because he could feel it through the contact of our bodies. No one else did because it was blocked out by a sound infinitely louder. MINE! That single word accompanied the terrifying sound that had no place in America, let alone Washington. Felix was slammed to the side, launching him out of the clearing and, based on the sound, into several trees. Now that he was gone, there was an unobstructed view of the creature that Hunter had become. The hulking grey mass towered over everyone at almost 15 feet. The elephant's truck dropped back to rest after tossing Felix away, its eyes once again focused on my own. I couldn't help but break it as I studied her. She was terrifying yet breath taking at the same time. The Hunter lifted a massive leg, and as it slowly dropped down, it shifted once more. By the time the foot hit the ground, the body had transformed into a tiny bright red fox, its eyes never leaving my own. Again the guard members moved to attack, but the fox simply dodged them. It sidestepped, jumped, dropped, and twisted away, always moving towards me. The feeling in my chest warmed as the fox came closer. I was told later that Aro had signaled for the attacks to stop, he was curious as to what the creature was going to do with us. Also that Jasper had let me go, he had realized that I believed her to be my mate and didn't want Hunter to assume he was challenging her, his words not mine. I didn't notice either, my thoughts focused on the rumbling that was coming from the fox that sent shivers down my spine. Suddenly the fox lunged at me. She had moved so fast that I only realized what she did, when I was pinned to the ground with a bright red fox standing on my chest looking down at me. It was at this moment that I became afraid. This creature was hunting something. It didn't let the most powerful coven of vampires stop it. It was unstoppable on its hunt. And I was its prey. It was after me. And I don't know if it wanted to be my mate, or for me to be its meal. I heard Edward gasp as he heard my thoughts, "EM GRAB IT! IT COULD HUR-" Smile. Everyone paused at the strange order. It had come from the fox in a soft female voice. I looked up into a pair of chocolate brown eyes. Surprisingly warm and intelligent eyes. The fox leaned down to nudge my face. Smile. I tried to force a smile, but my face wouldn't respond with my emotions to confused. It began to tilt its head back in forth as if trying to figure me out. No smile? Is it? Smells like. But more sweetness. Looks like. But no smile. Why? I couldn't help it. The fox's strange internal debate was so adorable. Regardless of all the worry and stress and confusion, I smiled. It was a tiny flicker of my lips, but its effects were instantaneous. The fox leaped off my chest with a series of adorable barks. IT IS! IT IS IT IS! IT IS IT IS IT IS! My smile grew as I watched the fox race circles around me joyfully, pausing only to look back at my face, as if to reassure that I was smiling. My smile grew at the adorable fox as it came to a halt in front of me, sitting down on the ground. I slowly picked myself up and stood up. Then the fox bent backwards again. Expecting it this time I braced myself and watched as it jumped again. However this time, two things were different. This time, in the air, it shifted again. Its wild red fur grew darker until it was black. Even the white on its chest grew to the same tone. The hair grew longer and thicker until it was incredibly fluffy. It shrunk in length, becoming stockier. The snout shortened but grew thicker. When it finally landed in my arms, it was a Newfoundland puppy, my favorite breed. The second thing it what made everyone's jaws drop and eyes widen almost dramatically. It said something in the air. Something about me. Something I didn't even know. MY MARY ALICE BRANDON! My real name. Everything from my human life was gone. It was just black. Most vampires at least knew a few things about their life as a mortal. I had nothing. Just darkness. And yet this creature knew my name. Sooooo yeah. This was going to be a one-shot, but now it appears to be a two-shot, which I'm not really sure if that's a thing. I plan to write another chapter for this, then I'm wiping my hands clean of it. HOWEVER if there is anyone out there, who is interested in taking this story after chapter 2, PM me and I will give it to you. For the easy payment of $19.99! Just kidding, I'll give it to you for free, just tell me where you want to go with it and the work is yours! See ya laterz!