friends- although they have other friends, they're still closer to each other. They are the typical older brothers that are just always there, ready to annoy me in anyway they could. Don't get me wrong we all get on really well but they are way too overprotective and stubborn. It took them about 3 months to finally accept Joe as my boyfriend and we've been going out for 5. He's the only one out of any relationship I've been in that the twins have actually accepted and stopped attempting to scare off. I don't know why though, maybe Joe said something to them once. Whatever it is, I'm not complaining. I turned my attention to the discussion the twins were having to see if it was anything I was interested in 'So then Tabby was all like 'I'm free' -and of course I couldn't help myself' George stated with the trademark Conweller smirk, I made a disgusted face whilst Scott made the sounds that was like a buffoon mixed with a hyena. My brothers disgust me and their man whorish behaviour. Although Scott's been a lot better recently as it seems he's finally settled down with a girl, who doesn't go to our school- he refuses to tell me who though. I don't think even George knows that much about her which is just plain weird. I don't really care though to be fair. I'll find out sooner or later. I then decided to shut the two idiots out before they started questioning me and my life like usual and put my headphones in, turning the volume up so their voices were barely heard apart from the occasional word. We finally pulled into our drive and I whipped out my headphones and caught the end of their conversation. '-Brad then proceeded to yell at Paul-but before he got a response, that Sam dude stepped in and pulled Paul away, apparently whispering in his ear, like he was a child or something- according to Brad it was well weird, then Jasper appeared out of nowhere and then they all just vanished' Scott finished. As I was getting out the truck, I was only half listening to their conversation, but my ears picked up Jasper's name, I turned to Scott and hit his shoulder as he shut his door. 'What were you saying- about Jasper?' I asked quickly, Scott and George shared a quick look, before both asking in a weird twin moment 'Why?' I glared at them in response, 'Because, he's in my year and sits next to me in English, and I was wondering why he hasn't been in school for two and a half weeks?' I said. George chuckled. 'Keeping track of him are we Kim' he stated with an annoying smirk. I gave him a sarcastic smile, 'No, I just-' I stopped, realising I didn't have an excuse, Scott laughed as he realised they'd caught me. The twats. I punched his shoulder 'I was just wondering what you guys were saying is all' 'Oh if you're sure that's all it is' Scott cracked up knowingly, him and George never fail to take the piss out of me and my old little- tiny crush I used to have on Jared. It began when I was 6 where me and him were playing with play dough at primary school and he let me choose what we were going to build. Little 6 year old me decided then that I was going to marry that boy. Obviously I don't fancy Jared anymore, I haven't since I was 13 but still, I'd like to know what's going on with him, as probably would the student population of La Push school. 'So are you going to tell me what you know or am I going to have to go get pink spray paint?' I asked threatening my older brother with a small smirk and movement towards our house, Scott and George would rather cry in front of the whole school than have their baby car spray painted. Seeing as Mum is never home as she's working all the time, means I can easily get away with it and the boys know I would do it as well. As soon as I made my way to the house both boys began talking at once. 'Hey- hey! Brad just told me that-' 'What it really was that Brad was in the supermarket and-' They both kept cutting each other off. I held up my hands. They both shut up. 'can one of you tell the story please' Scott then stepped forward 'Brad- you know Brad? Well he was friends with Paul- from American Football, yeah and well you know how him and Hail have both been absent for no reason? Well everyone's getting pissed off as they haven't heard from them- so Brad happened to see Paul- only it wasn't Paul, but it was except Paul had grown about a foot, and bulked out- like he was on steroids, anyway so Brad of course being Brad goes over to him and asks him where he's been- maybe not in the most friendly way- then it just gets a bit louder and before Paul even actually gets a chance to speak he starts shaking or something- in walks that Sam dude who works for the elders and he speaks to Paul and then proceeds to drag Paul out the shop, where Jared also appears, apparently the same has happened to him as Paul- both look on steroids, but before Brad can say anything else they've all vanished, so..yeah' finished Scott lamely. I just stared at the boys, 'Well that's a bit weird' I muttered, George nodded and Scott folded his arms, 'yeah you can say that again- those two were the school golden boys besides us!' Boasted George, I rolled my eyes and made my way to my front door, not that my head wasn't buzzing with all this new information. Not that I cared really.