way up until, finally, your lips. You kiss me like it's the last time. And who knows? The earth could swallow us tomorrow. The sun could explode. A fire could erupt. Life is short, and it is better spent living than wondering. So I fall into you, hooking your legs under my arms and then wrapping them around my hips when I can't get close enough. You tighten so deliciously against me, your arms thrown back, clenching onto the bed posts as I thrust into you hard and then harder. There's a sort of sweetness in the way our skin slaps together, in the way the bed frame thumps against the wall, in the way our moans and groans and sighs of pleasure crescendo. This feels right. You and me. Together in my bed. Against my white sheets. We share a look amongst the rustle, the stars between us, your smile shining as if the same unexpected feelings I felt before are now flying through you. When we fall into bliss, it's stunning. I hold you tight, breathing so hard, afraid that I'm crushing you beneath me, but when I try to pull away, you grip me harder, not letting me go. "Are you okay?" I ask. You nod, your cheeks flushed, your eyes happy. "Yes. I'm living, and it feels wonderful." That right there. That's how I know. Alice's lesson come true. That this desperate need for you goes beyond a physical attraction, beyond lustful desires. From that moment I first saw you, my hands covered in the metaphorical blood of the patient I couldn't save, you smiled at me, so open and warm, that it pulled me from the darkness, saved me from the downward spiral. "Bella?" "Hmm?" "I love you." You don't react as I thought you would. Your body doesn't tense. You don't pull away. You cry these big tears sliding down your face, collecting on my pillow. I panic, wanting to ease your pain but not knowing what to do. But then you're smiling. "Oh, Edward, I love you too." You sleep in my arms that night, our legs tangle, our hearts beating as one, and I've never been happier. In the morning, it's hard to let you go, to watch you walk away through the hospital parking garage, farther and farther away from me. You peek over your shoulder just before you get into the elevator, waving a tiny goodbye, blowing a sweet kiss. A few moments later, I follow, skipping into the hospital, high with the memories of our act and declarations of love. I don't think anything can bring me down. Nurse Webber runs up to me, a smile lighting up her face. "Dr. Cullen! I was just about to page you!" "What's going on?" I ask. That's when I see everyone is rushing, running, doing something. "Good news! A heart came in for Mr. Whitlock. We need to prep you for surgery!" When I meet your dark eyes from across the busy floor ward, everything—the doctors, the nurses, the team prepping your husband—disappears. It's just you and me locked in this gaze as you search my eyes so intently for the answer. Before I can call your name, you're called back into your husband's room. I do my job. I get ready for surgery. I hear the words of Dr. Newton and Nurse Webber, mentally noting the complications and concerns, listening attentively. But I need you, and that need nags at the back of mind, makes my fingers tremble, so much so that Nurse Webber sees. "Take a few minutes to calm yourself, Dr. Cullen." I look for you. They've already wheeled your husband away, so you're alone in his room, your hands nervously tidying up. "Bella?" My heart freezes right along with you. I try again. "Bella, please." "I'm sorry, Edward." I don't want to ask, but I do. "For what? Tell me." Your whisper is barely loud enough to hear. "He'll need me. When this is all over, he'll need my help." I know what you're saying, but I can't accept it. My heart can't take it. I rush forward, pulling you into my arms, and for a moment, you sink into me. "I love you, Bella. So much. I love you." "I love you too…" "Then please tell me we're not over." "Jasper's going to live." "Please tell me this changes nothing." "I can't leave him now. Not when he needs me the most." When you step away from my arms, you leave behind a dagger in my heart. "Bella…" "You and me? We're the bad guys." "No we're not," I say it even though I know there's no changing your mind this time. "What we did was wrong. So horribly wrong. It was never right." "I love you." My whisper feels almost like a goodbye. It is a goodbye. "I'm sorry, Edward." You walk away as the good wife, the perfect wife, once again. I'm not scared. I'm not happy. I'm not sad. I'm numb. You've thrown me back into the darkness from which you'd pulled me out of. Crushed my heart. Left me to die in my pain. Alone. When Nurse Webber hands me my scalpel, I'm not trembling anymore. Underneath the harsh light, she says, "Good luck, Dr. Cullen. This is his only chance." My reality has crashed, destroying the fantasy of you and I. This man, whose life I hold in my hands, who did nothing but act as your husband and call you to his side when he needed your love and care so desperate—it's all his fault. Why did Fate bring us together and then separate us after too short of a time? Why did she save him? Why couldn't she let him die? With the blade against his skin, the blood seeping from the incision I've made over his failing heart, the one that holds my love, the one that takes it away, I think, "This is my only chance, too."