he believed in when the time was right to do so. It was refreshing to hear a guy defend a girl instead of just using her, and if she was capable of attracting Steve's loyalty then I knew she must have been worth meeting. Jasper skillfully steered the conversation back to football, and nothing more was said on last night or the two girls that caused tension amongst us roommates. We continued through the afternoon watching football and Sportscenter. Then we headed out to practice for four long brutal hours. By the time we were through with practice and I took another shower, I was both mentally and physically exhausted. Trey came by later that night, bringing the relief that I had been seeking. I opened a light beer and took a swig. Trey had already had one and ushered me to the truck where some blonde female was and Trey gave her a kiss as we climbed in. I wondered how long he would keep this one around, but realized I didn't really care. I took another swig and focused on enjoying the beginning of the buzz that I would get from the alcohol. I didn't really find pleasure in getting messed up every night. But it was much more enticing than my other option, of staying sober and drowning in the miserable pain. The drinks nulled my agony and suffocation. They helped bring the numbness that I longed for in every second of every day. I couldn't bear living life without the moments of relief that alcohol provided me with, and without something to free me from the constant darkness that resided inside my soul. The pain was always there. Inside my mind, my thoughts, my fucking heart. I felt it. And when I was drunk, I didn't feel any of it. I no longer felt any more pain, loss, sadness, or darkness. Even though it truly never left me. I finished off the glass bottle of beer and watched the sweat drip down the neck of the bottle. Trey handed me another. I made sure we were going to meet up with Steve and Jasper and the rest of the guys. Not that I didn't trust Trey… I just trusted Steve and Jasper a lot more to get me home every night. Alive. The last thing I remembered that night was pulling up to some frat house with blaring lights and lots of noise reverberating through the air. The next week continued in the same monotonous routine. I did better at keeping the numbness all the time. The dream-memory that had haunted me before was long forgotten by the end of the week. I briefly remembered agreeing to host a party at the apartment with my roommates. I got drunk before it even started. Jack Daniels and Trey were to blame. That night it came back again. Deep Blue. The sky was radiating the color as I maneuvered through the other players on the football field. This was our last chance to get a touchdown and with the ball tucked under my arm, I sidestepped one player and spun the next one out. I could hear the cheers that erupted from the stands on the sidelines as my foot crossed the line that separated my team from being losers to being winners. I ran back to my teammates and coaches and my back was slapped and I was lifted high in the air as they shouted around me. I then turned to look in the stands, my parents right in front yelling and cheering in pride, and I waved and yelled back, pumping my fist in the air. I was only a freshman in high school after all, and I led our varsity team to victory over the number one team in Washington State. I glanced up at the sky to the beautiful color to take in the moment and then turned back around, only to ram into a wall. "What the-?" This wasn't part of my memory. There was a soft musical giggle and I turned back around in confusion, the field and bleachers gone, only to be replaced by a figure that I couldn't quite make out. I knew it had to be a girl by the femininity of the giggle that had shocked my ears moments earlier. She took a step closer to me, her features still too hazy for me to make out, but her eyes pierced my own and then she was gone. Deep Blue. The same color that brought me to my knees and bore an odd mix of serenity and emotion. Only this time, I had found the source of the blue color as my dream had splashed the color on the most beautiful pair of eyes I had ever seen. The beautiful color belonged to beautiful eyes. Only, I hadn't remembered ever obtaining the pleasure of having seen those eyes with my own in real life. After I realized the origin of the beautiful deep blue color, I dreamt about the mysterious eyes every night. They haunted me from dusk until dawn, and even longer if I wasn't careful with my thoughts. Every night I tried desperately to see around the eyes: to the face that held them. But I couldn't. I only saw those magnificent deep blue eyes. There were some minor errors that needed fixing with this chapter, as Deep Blue is being rewritten. To sate my curiosity, I'm asking my readers to either leave a review or PM me if you would rather see chapter two of Emerald Green next, or the next chapter of Deep Blue so that I can spend my time accordingly. My focus lately has been on Deep Blue and getting it updated ASAP. However, if you readers would like more Emerald Green before Deep Blue I can spend some time updating it. I would love to give you wonderful readers a gift of choosing. Thank you for reading, Endless Love, Chance33