I just want to live my life. Whatever you want in the divorce, it's yours. I don't care." I could tell that she meant it. I could take her for every penny that was rightfully mine under our pre-nup and she wouldn't give a damn. But watching as she transformed back into the friend I remembered, I realized I couldn't do that to her. Right then and there, I came up with a new plan. But there was still one nagging question that rattled around in my head. "I can see why you felt you needed to hide, Jess, but really, Irina?" She smirked at me with a knowing smile. "I could ask you the same thing about Bella." I couldn't help but smile at her. "Touché." *O*o*O* One Year Later BPOV "Are you sure you want to go through this? I don't mind waiting for a few months." His hand rested lovingly on the slight swell of my stomach. I looked up into his twinkling green eyes. I knew that if I said I wanted to wait until after the baby was born he would. Edward would give me anything I asked. But all I wanted was him. We were finally in the clear and I wanted nothing more than to be married to him. Anything more than that was just icing on the cake. "No, I want to do this, right now." I threaded our fingers together and walked into the Chapel of Love. The minute Edward had satisfied all the conditions of his divorce and it was finalized we headed straight to the airport. I wanted to tie myself to him as soon as I could. As Edward checked us in, I thought back over the last year. Knowing that Jess' parents would disown her once they realized she was no longer willing to suffer in a marriage she never wanted, it was decided that the divorce would be set in motion due to her infidelity. In return, Edward would take the money that he'd get from her family and put it into a trust for Jess to live off of. It took lots of legal finagling, but he eventually prevailed. The Stanleys were trying to keep both Edward and Jess from getting any of the money. Luckily they both prepared for this and they had a great team of divorce lawyers. Jess had a ball-busting female attorney named Alice Whitlock who also happened to be a lesbian and she looked forward to sticking it to the Stanleys in any way possible. Edward's attorney was Jacob Black, a well-known divorce attorney in Chicago who as infamous for being ruthless. Together they were a formable team that relished the possibility of taking whatever they could from the Stanleys. They were the only ones, outside the three of us that knew Edward was going to turn around and give any money he got and give it back to Jess. The bickering that went back and forth between the lawyers was comical at times. Jess' dad was doing everything he could to keep from giving one red cent to Edward. It turned out the cheating clause was put in there because he'd thought Edward would be the one to stray. The fact that it was Jess and with their former nanny was just more than Mr. Stanley could handle. Due to all the scrutiny, Edward and I had to be careful when we were out in public. We had our suspicions that Mr. Stanley had hired a PI to follow Edward in the hopes of finding some dirt that he could use to refuse to pay out. As much as we both hated it, we knew it wouldn't last forever. Ironically, our biggest allies during all of it were Jess and Irina. They were going through their own shit storm as well, and all we bonded over our mutual distaste of the Stanleys. When Edward and I became pregnant six months ago, they were some of the first people that we told. They squealed and cried with us and later that night cooked us a wonderful meal to celebrate. Eventually the Stanleys had exhausted all their legal avenues and the divorce was granted. However, the judge did put a freeze on the monetary settlement for six months. By that time the four of us were more than willing to agree to get everything settled. So for the last six months the four of us have lived together to allow Jess time to figure out what she wanted to do with her life. When we left for the airport, they were there to send us off with plenty of hugs and kisses. "Edward and Bella?" a chapel assistant called out. "Here we are," I called out. The knowledge that in a short while I was going to be married to Edward caused butterflies to riot in my stomach. I wasn't nervous, just the opposite. I wanted nothing more than to be married to Edward and start our life together. I didn't need the big wedding with a poufy dress and hundreds of guests. All I needed was Edward. "One last chance to back out, because once you have my ring on your finger, I'm never letting you go." His tone was serious, but his lips were twitching belying just how much he wanted this as well. "Nope, you're going to be mine, Mister. Now come and make an honest woman outta me." Hand and hand we walked into the chapel ready to start a new life together. *O*o*O* Things to Remember: - All stories are ANONYMOUS and any reference to who the author is will result in the story being disqualified from the contest. - Feel free to pimp the contest! - Follow the contest on Twitter or join the Facebook group! - Public Voting begins February 23, 2016. Thank you for reading! Please feel free to leave a review so the author will know what you thought of their story!