to her wet seat, warmed from her ass. Yep, my tip is wet, and it has nothing to do with rain. I suck in my bottom lip and moisten it while I try to regain some semblance of a coherent thought. When I grip the wheel, I realize she's letting me drive her insanely expensive car. I told her I ride a bike. What the hell? I turn to her. "You sure? I mean, you don't even know if I have a license." "I'm sure. This way you can talk to me, and I don't have to wait around for you to get your stiff cock out of your brain and give me directions to your house And if you don't have a license, which you very well might not have, since you're just a kid, I'll teach you to drive. We all have to learn some time." She buckles herself up. Her words. Shit. It stirs my entire body and pounds my blood straight into my dick. My arms flex, and my thighs almost throb. I twist my fists on the steering wheel. "Uuuuhhhhuuuu," I take a deep breath, and grip the wheel tighter. I look over at her and she's smirking at me, waiting for me to make a move. I shift the gear gingerly and check my blind spot then reposition the mirrors. The car lurches forward the moment I touch the gas. "Shit! Powerful," I whisper. "Like me," she teases. "Yes, like you." I agree completely. Fast, powerful, sexy and straight to the point. I decide to take the roundabout, scenic route to my place, so I can buy more time with her. "What do you do Mrs. Black?" I wish I didn't have to call her Mrs. She is single, but that's basically what she said to call her. It makes her sound so unavailable. Is that why she chose to introduce herself that way? Trying to tell me she's not interested and to back off? "I'm an acupuncturist, an acupressurist and I'm also a licensed massage therapist." I knew those hands could do some seriously unearthly things to my body. My left leg presses into my right, trying to cut off some of this insane blood flow to my cock. I can't take much more. "Do you enjoy it?" I ask. "I love it. I Iove helping people feel better. It's very fulfilling." Her hands go behind her back, and she pulls her wet hair up and over the head rest. "That's probably why you're so good at it," I reply. "You have no fucking idea if I'm good at it or not. Don't make assumptions." I swallow. "I apologize, but I'm good at reading people, and since you love what you do, I can't imagine you not giving it all you've got. You strike me as a passionate person, immersing yourself into whatever you enjoy." "God, how did you do that?" "Do what ?" Did I hit a nerve? How? I toss a questioning look her way. "You described me to a fault. I'm very passionate, and I'm very focused. If I enjoy something then nothing stands in my way to keep me from delving in." I pull up in front of my apartment building, and I feel sick inside; a step away from nauseous. Stay with me. I stop the car. "Thank you for the ride. I really enjoyed meeting you." It kills me to say those words, but what else am I supposed to do? Drag my leg over the steering wheel and mount her without another word? Yes. You are. Shit. I look straight ahead out the window, and my apartment several yards away seems like a cave, about to swallow me whole, where I'll never see the light of day again. "If you want to enjoy meeting me again, since this was so stimulating, I'll be at the Xplore Fitness center tomorrow at eleven. I'm the hot brunette in the middle of the yoga class." She chuckles. She leans over me and opens my door. Her breasts lightly tickle my thighs as they brush past me. I close my eyes and try not to snatch at her and kiss her and rub my dick all over her neck and beg her to come inside with me so I can get her naked and sweat all over her while I do dirty things to her. Why does all of that sound so unlike me, yet, exactly what I need? She turned me into a beast. An unthinking appendage. And dammit, I want more. "See you around, Cullen," she says silkily. "Walk me to my door?" I ask. I grab her arm. "It's still raining," she reminds me. "You love this weather. I do too." If I'm with her I'd enjoy a fucking tornado. "Keep your dick in your pants, and your lips to yourself. I'm not into fucking teenagers," she jokes. "Teenagers don't have their own place," I state. My shoulders square. She really takes issue with my age. I wish I was older so I could be on a level playing field with her, but I can't help my short existence. She gets out of the car, opens the trunk and helps me carry my groceries, even though I tried to grab all of them. The thought hits me that if I had been smart, I should have put some of my groceries into her bags so she would've had to come and see me again to sort it out. Oh well, too late now but she did invite me to check her out at her gym . . . When she drives away, I find myself pasted to my front window. My dick waves bye before my hand does. And after my groceries are put away, all I can do is plan for tomorrow. Yoga? They can make me walk across broken glass, swallow venomous creatures, light my pants on fire—I'll be there. Most likely with a hard-on.