He wasn't taking chances where Charlie Swan's daughter was concerned. Charlie had placed all his trust in Sam and Jake and their friends to do what they could to help Bella. Sam wasn't going to give Charlie any reason to feel like that trust had been misplaced. He would have run up to Port A himself, but Jake and Paul offered to make the run, so Sam had given them the okay to run wolf with a change of clothes in a duffel bag so they could blend in when they got there. Six hours after Embry and Bella drove away from Sam's place, Paul fired off a rapid series of texts to Sam from the club, Everything's fine. Swan's smiling and laughing. Call looks like he died and went to heaven. Can't imagine why. They're both sweating like pigs. It's hotter than three hells in here. Sam replied, Take a picture. Em wants to see. Do you one better, boss , Paul promised. A few minutes later, Sam got a FaceTime call from Paul who had placed himself strategically behind a support column so he could get a shot of the dance floor, but not be caught spying by Embry. Sam held the phone out so Em could see. Seth, Jared, Quil, Kim, Leah, and Emily all crowded around to look, too. Sam tried not to roll his eyes at his nosy pack. They were so much like real wolves that way sometimes. Sam clicked 'accept' and they saw Jake—all six foot, seven inches of him—trying not to draw attention to himself as he pointed discreetly to a couple on the dance floor amidst a sea of bodies and Paul zoomed in. They watched as Bella and Embry jumped in sync with the crowd, rocking, swaying and grinding their way through the song in bizarre synchronicity with everyone else on the floor. The crowd moved like a school of fish or flock of birds, everyone lost to and simultaneously in tune with the beat. "Holy shit," Leah said softly. "Swan's dancing." "That's not dancing," Quil shook his head. "Unless lap dancing counts." "It's not a lap dance," Emily cuffed Quil upside the head. "They're bouncing and swaying together. I think they're cute." "Swaying, my ass. She's grinding on his-" "We know , Quil," the others reminded him. "She looks hot," Paul conceded, a faceless voice behind the camera phone. There was a tussle as Jake growled and smacked him. "What? I'm saying— look at her . When's the last time you saw her all flushed and pink and fucking smiling? It looks good on her. This is exactly what she needed right now." Jake stepped in front of the camera for a minute, "Sam, if going out with Embry does this for her…" "Yeah," Sam was nodding. "I'll find a way to get him more time off so he can take her out again soon." Quil volunteered immediately, "I'll take one of his shifts next week. I owe him one as it is." "Put me down for one, too, boss," Paul's voice overlapped Jacob's offer to do the same. "Appreciate it, guys," he'd have done it himself anyway, but it'd be easier if they split it up. "Embry's going to feel guilty about everyone taking his patrols…" Emily reminded Sam of minding Embry's pride. "We'll swap 'em around as much as we can so he doesn't notice it right away. I'll explain about everybody wanting to help and…" he sighed. "I was already thinking about assigning him to long-term to Bella-duty anyway until we catch the psychotic leech. She sleeps better and talks more when he's around. You heard her. She's even started singing along with the music on his iPod sometimes." "Are you sure he didn't imprint on her?" Kim asked. The wolves all shook their heads, but Jared answered, "We'd have seen it in his head when he phases. What he feels for her is strong. Sam and Jake have been calling it other , but we don't really know what it is." Faintly, through Paul's phone, they could hear Bella saying they should do this again soon. Sam couldn't believe his ears. Embry was pleasantly surprised, agreeing quickly before she changed her mind, "There's a thing in Seattle next weekend…" "Another club show like this?" she asked, winding her hands behind his neck to pull him close so they could talk and keep dancing. Embry snorted, gripping her waist and curving his body to fit hers, he answered, "Hardly. It's Seattle Deathfest XIII. All death metal." "So, no dancing?" she pouted. "Not like this, but it's a festival. If we don't like the music at one stage, we could go look for another one that suits us," he explained. "Who's playing?" "Local, small club bands, mostly. The Mortals, Red Fang, Jucifer, Tombsday, Pungent Stench, Crowbar, Unholy Grave, Final Conflict, Cancer, Immolation, Fangbangers, Left for Dead…" "Seriously?" she stopped dancing. "What?" "You want to take me to see a death metal band called 'The Mortals'?" her lips curved in amusement as she rolled her hips into his. He chuckled, "Okay, I can see where that might be kinda weird." "No, more like 'kinda perfect'," her smile could have shamed the sun for brightness as she looked at Embry and cupped his cheek to keep him close. "See if you can get the time off. I'd love to go. Just you and me." Turning the camera on himself, Paul asked, "You catch all that, boss?" "Done deal, Lahote. Now get the hell out of there before they notice you and I catch hell," Sam ordered. - - - o - - - o - - - o - - - o - - - o - - - FYI: an orca is a killer whale, a group of orca is called a pod, and the alpha or head of a pod is called a pilot or pilot whale,but I'm sticking with Alpha-just in case there was any confusion.