all humans do that so. I reached my car and pulled the keys out, unlocking the car and getting in, driving back home. I got to the garage before realising I had to get out to open the garage door. I was just about to get out when Cat pulled up, I saw her look around in her car before finding what she was looking for. She help her hand up and had a button in it, she clicked the button and the garage door for her cars parking spot opened. She drove right in and parked the car before getting out, I looked at her a little surprised "Where did she get that remote from?" I thought. Cat walked out to me while the garage door still stood open, "Why are you sitting out here?" she asked "Because I haven't gotten out to open the door yet" I answered "Why would you get out?" she asked me "How else am I going to open the door?" I asked confused "With the remote?" Cat gave me durr look "I don't have a remote" I rolled my eyes "Sure you do" Cat walked around my car and leaning over the passenger door. Seeing as my convertible's roof wasn't on she just had to lean over. She opened the glove box and pulled out a remote, clicking the button. The garage door in front of me opened, we had a four door garage so we each had our own door for our car's space. "How did you know that was there?" I asked her curiously "I'm a nosey person sis, I went through my entire car and found it" she rolled her eyes as if I expected less from her. "Of course" I shook my head and Cat stepped back from the car and I pressed my foot on the accelerator the car eased forwards into the garage and I parked it, shutting off the engine. I got out of the car and the two of us walked through the door, up the stairs and through the house to the kitchen "We're home" I smiled as I walked up to mum, giving her a small hug. I had always been a mommy's girl while Cat would ALWAYS be daddy's little girl, that was the way we liked it to. "Did you come home together?" my father asked "Yes, we arrived a few minutes between one another" Cat smiled "Why would you take two cars if you went out together?" mother asked "We went to different places mum, we just arrived at the same time" Cat rolled her eyes "Well, what did you two do all day?" Mum asked us while setting the dinner table, we glanced at one another for a second before I spoke about my day first. "I went down to the beach, it's a wonderful place, it's very quiet unlike in Miami because it's to cold for everyone here" I smiled "Well that sounds nice, but weren't you cold down there?" my father asked "No, I was warm enough" I smiled, truth be told I never got cold because I controlled the cold, I didn't really get to hot because I just cooled myself down "What about you Cat, what did you do?" our dad asked "I went to a park and wondered around in the forest" Cat shrugged, our mother looked at her a little horrified "On your own?" she asked, Cat nodded and went to sit down at the table as Dad put our dinner on it "Catherine, do you not understand how dangerous that is?" my mother must be very angry to use her full name. I saw Cat's eyes flash red when she heard her full name, she never really liked it, I'm still not sure why. "I'm fine aren't I?" Cat asked "That's not the point, we don't know what kind of wild animals might be living in there, and until we do, I do not want you walking through the forest on your own!" Mum instructed, Cat just rolled her eyes "We live right in the middle of it mum, why would you get us to live here, in the middle of the forest, when there's no one for miles if you are scared of the animals that might be in there?" Cat asked "She has a point mum" I shrugged, my mother sighed, she could argue with Cat all day but she couldn't argue with me. "Just please don't walk through it alone. I don't know what I would do if I lost one of you" she stood up and put her arms around our necks "Fine" Cat mumbled "I'll do a little research for you to find out what animals live around here" I sighed, my mother smiled at me. If it got her off our case then I would do it, otherwise Cat would just keep getting into trouble for being out there alone. There was no way she would be able to stay away from her own element, I've tried it and it's practically impossible. "Hey, Cat?" I thought "Yeah?" Cat answered "Tomorrow, do you want to find where our new school is and take a look around Forks?" I asked. Cat sighed "Do we have to?" she whined "We have nothing else to do?" I reminded her, I glanced at her and saw her glaring at me from the corner of her eyes. "I don't want to" Cat said stubbornly, I thought for a minute "We can go to the forest and walk through it to the beach" I persuaded, Cat thought about it but didn't seem convinced yet "You can take and drive your car" I eventually offered, I saw her beam and knew I had won her over. After tea, Cat and I were practically out of it and we heaved ourselves up the spiral staircase to our new rooms. I got into my pyjama's and fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow.