shadows dancing around the edges of the fire as everything overtakes me. Passion. Fear. Exhaustion. So tired of feeling that I willingly follow his kisses and shushes into sleep, hanging onto his flannel with my fingers, so afraid that he'll disappear into the night. "Rest now, baby," he's whispering against my closed eyelids, and I fight the darkness to listen, to cherish his rare words. "Thank you…" "I'll always remember…" "Your sighs and moans…" "Your love…" "Wish I could tell you too." I wake up without his arms, the morning dew collecting on my skin. He's gathering the sound traps, twisting it together, shoving it all into his backpack, and ignoring my gaze even when I call out his name. "Edward! Please! Can we talk?" And then he says with a voice so harsh, "We should go. It'll take a few days to get there." So that's it. The plan is still on. He's still going to leave. With dried tears on my face and sticky thighs and all the emotion bubbling in my stomach, there's no room to be sad. Just numb. "Let's go," he says, snuffing out the remains of the fire. "We'll find food on the way." I see them. Cardboard nailed to trees, pointing the way, giving directions, saying, "You'll find help at New Cheney." I hate it. All these signs of hope. Promises for safety. Encouragement to keep going. New Cheney won't help me. Not with Edward leaving so soon after we arrive. I stop, grabbing onto a tree. My feet can't take the torture anymore, can't bring me closer and closer to abandonment. Edward turns. "We need to keep going." I shake my hand. "I can't. Let's rest." "Bella," he reprimands. "We're making good time. Don't stop yet." "Just give me five minutes!" He sighs, that rusted beard twitching with annoyance. "We haven't even been walking that long." "What? Excited to get rid of me that much quicker?" I sneer. After the sad comes the bitter. I can't help it. "Bella." He pauses as if choosing his words carefully in his mind. "You know that's not—" "Whatever. Stop giving me excuses." I shouldn't say it. I really shouldn't say it. "Fuck me and run. I get it." He freezes, his shoulders and arms so tense as his greens fight back. I can see it in the way his fingers shift against the trigger on his crossbow. How his feet shuffle closer to me and then retreat once again. How his gaze bounces from the trees to my chest heaving with exertion and pain. And it was wrong. On both of our parts. Getting caught in this web of anger. Because we don't hear them. The Grays sneak up on us, shambling through the bushes until they're right there. His greens go wide as I pitch forward, catching myself with my hands, rolling, rolling, rolling until I can't anymore. Brittle bone wraps around my ankle, pulling me toward rotten teeth. "Bella!" he yells. He runs toward me, his crossbow ready to shoot. He is so focused that he doesn't see the other Gray until he's side-swept to the ground, his hands grappling around the leaves for his dropped weapon. "Edward!" Our screams echo through the forest, calling more danger, more death. My Gray bites at my boots. I kick its face, watching as its head snaps back on its neck. Scrambling away on hands and knees, I jump to my feet, struggling with my gun caught in its holster. The Gray follows, its silver eyes so determined and hungry. The roar it lets loose disarms me, makes my heart stop, at it's ferocity, at the creature that used to be human. It could have been my mom, my dad, Rose…me. I suppose my ruminations are my second mistake because I don't see it. The other Gray. Flying from my peripheral vision, it knocks me to the ground again, my gun flying from my grasp, lying just out of my reach. The Gray's teeth are too close to my flesh as I hold it back with shaking arms. And then there's Edward, still fighting, still watching. "Bella! Hold on!" He grabs his Gray by the hair, shoving on its back with his knees as he uses the leverage to smash its face into the ground. One. Two Three times. The eyeballs bursts. The nose breaks. The teeth fall out. All of this in a rain of decaying body fluids as leaves fly from the impacts, surrounding them in a golden halo of shimmering dead. Like my savoir should have wings. Beautiful, majestic wings that would take him away from all this pain, fear, and death. It would be so easy right now. To let go. To let the Gray take its part in my flesh. To have it rip my throat out. To die here in the woods. Wouldn't that be better? Bang . To end my misery before it fully envelops me? Bang . My hold slackens, my arms trembling with the effort as those silver eyes, glaring down at me, reflect my weakness. The gray is pulled back. It fights the strong hold, its jaw snapping as it reaches for me. Edward's white-knuckled fingers fling it hard against a tree. A snarl is punched from the Gray's chest with the impact on the bark. Before it can come at us again, Edward's pointing my gun and pulling the trigger. Bang . If I'm not mistaken, his rusted beard shakes with a smile. This entry was originally going to be way longer. I had an entire plotline worked out for it, but as I got to writing, I realized how much I would have to skim over in order to make it more one-shoty. So instead, I took a chunk of what I'd already written and submitted that into the contest. I will continue this story—starting a few years back from this one shot—posting chapters under this title as soon as Our House is finished.