store in three states. I was given the chance to run it on my own two years ago. Since I was able to earn a paycheck, I have worked in our restaurants, every position, and every station. I worked my way from the ground up." "So did you come here to spy on us? Or just to make a mockery of what we are doing?" I can hear the anger in my voice, the thought that I misread him, the idea that he is here to sabotage our business just annoys me. "No," he immediately replies. "I have been in this business a long time and when Jessica came in the other week, I don't know what I thought I was doing, agreeing to apply along with Jasper and Emmett. I just thought it might be fun." "But why would she even offer you, you're the owner? She only ever talks to servers." "We were short so I jumped in to help." He certainly fits the part, still young enough to pull off being a waiter. And that he has the experience unlike so many owners and managers helps. My angry thoughts quickly switch to humiliation. "Fuck, Jessica's going to flip when she finds out that she mistook you for a waiter." He laughs, shaking us both. "I took it as a compliment. You shouldn't be upset with her." "I'm not, just embarrassed. We haven't had a problem like this before. And Jessica would never speak to an owner let alone a manager of another restaurant. We don't hunt down hot looking guys to work for us." "So she has done this before, steal employees?" "I wouldn't say steal. We present our side and those that are interested apply. We just happen to be lucky at finding the best guys in town." His grin tells me that he doesn't believe me, but right now I could care less. I change the subject to focus the spotlight back on him. "So you own La Paz." "Yes." "And you quit so you can go back there." "Yes." "Because you can't work for me?" I ask the question, wondering what the answer will be. The position we are in could be misconstrued and with the gamut that my imagination has been running lately, I don't want to risk any more misunderstandings with Edward. "No, you said it the other day, I can't date an employee. I assume that means you can't either," he says, the words causing me to sigh and melt into his firm hold. "And I want to take you on a date, very much." "Thank fuck," I say, my lips finding his, my fingers winding through his ever-so soft hair as I twist my body, my skirt hiking up as I straddle his legs. Any thoughts I had in my fantasies of how soft his hair would be can't compare to the real thing. The short hairs at the nape of his neck are at that perfect point between prickly and too long, sending tremors through the pads of my fingers. Edward's firm body comes closer, removing what little space is between us, his arms encasing me into a place I never want to leave. He is solid muscle; his tight shirt lends itself to the moving tendons under his skin, my hands are trailing their way as each one moves, and an appetizing masterpiece of the male form that I want to devour with every inch of me. Our kisses become even more heated, his mouth as insistent as mine. A mixture of desire and heat flow between us as my hands move to his upper back, moaning at the feel of power of his body just as his hands move to cup my ass, squeezing and kneading. Before long, we reach a calm, pecks and nibbles, enjoying his kisses like I have never been kissed. "I can't believe I just did that," I confess, standing up and straightening my skirt, my legs feeling weak like a newborn colt trying to walk. "You can't? Do I need to repeat so soon? You know I'll be happy to." Edward smirks from his position on my couch, his playfulness just teasing me to sit back down and continue until neither of us can breathe. But, I know that we still need to talk, I know so little about Edward, and so much more I want to learn than how well he can kiss. "Edward," I warn. "Bella," he parrots. He stands up, and a flash of panic filters through his eyes and I figure he is about to confess something else, and from his hesitation, I don't think I want to know. After practically throwing myself at him, making out with him on my couch, I resolve to pull myself from further embarrassment and speak first, but as I start, he cuts me off. "And before you even think it, no I am not married, I don't have a girlfriend, and to be perfectly honest I haven't had time to be in a relationship for the past five years." He pauses, staring at me trying to gauge my reaction to his latest bit of information. "O-kay?" I say, drawing out the letters. "I have been working all my life, and I think I applied for this job for the fun, but found something else I needed, I wanted," he pauses, coming to wrap his arm around my waist, pulling me back into his arms. "Like I said, I haven't had time for a relationship in recent years, but I need the chance with you, I want you," he pauses again, swallowing before speaking. "Go out with me, no restaurants, um, come over and let me cook for you, tonight. It seems that my original plans for the evening have been changed." His simple request is endearing and I answer right away, "Absolutely." I give him a quick kiss. "I don't think I could have handled watching you work here tonight anyway."