thighs the second I get home." "Yes you are. And it will be my pleasure and honor for you to feel anything and everything your heart, or thighs, desire, I assure you… but there's a reason I brought up my hair. I need to tell you something. And I didn't want to do it this way, when I can't see you and you can't see me, but not doing it when you called me earlier has been tearing me up all night." "Okay. Tell me." I don't know if there's a right way to say it, but even if there is, I don't waste any time trying to figure it out or find it. "Isabella was here today. Waiting out in front of our house when I got home from the airport." "Okay." " Okay ?" I repeat, because hers was spoken with so much ease. "Yes, okay . So, she was waiting there for you and didn't like your hair." "You knew that?" "I made a logical assumption." "I didn't mean to make it sound like I cared what she thought. I–" "And you didn't. You made it sound like you cared what I thought, because you do, and make everything sound." "I do. More than you know, I think." "I think you're wrong about that, but okay." There's that word again... "You're making this too easy for me, Rose." "No, Edward, you're making it too hard. Just tell me." Again, without knowing if there's a right way... "She found out about the wedding from her father. And she… well, I honestly don't even know why exactly she came…" "I'm making another logical assumption on this end." "Please don't do that." "About her intentions, Edward, not your choiceless receipt of them." "I'd have never chosen to receive anything from her. Not now. Today, or on any since the day you got off of that plane." "I know that. Hence my use of choiceless ." "I love you, Rose. So much…" "I know that, too." "I need you to." "And I need you to relax and stop worrying about what you think you need to tell me right now and just do it." Okay . "She said things. Stupid things, and selfish things, and taunting things… and when I didn't respond to them the way she wanted, or expected , she kissed me. And I should have seen it coming… and not let it… and stopped it before it became a solid thing…" "Don't give it too much credit, Edward. Or too much weight. Her doing it doesn't make it solid. It just makes it an action instead of a mere intention. The solid only exists in your re action to it." "My reaction was shocked. And caught off guard. And angry… and I swear to God she knew it, Rose. Or would have if she had any human characteristics. Which she doesn't…" "I knew that a long time ago. It was my first logical assumption." "I didn't kiss her back, Rose. I need you to know that. That I didn't, not for a second, or a half of, or any mark of time." "I don't need logic to know that, Edward. Because I know how much you love me. And how much greater and deeper that love is than any a boy, even the beautiful and special one that I have no doubt that you were, could ever have been capable of feeling for a girl." "You don't know. You can't possibly... But you will." "Yes, and it will tickle." My god, I love her. "Yes it will, and more than the insides of your thighs." "I have no doubts, and look quite forward to it. So, now that meaningless, weightless intentions are out of the way, and the wonderfully tickling and heavy solid ones are back in your sight in their unmovable place in ours... Tell me how much you miss me." "That's really what you want?" "Yes." "There's nothing else you want to know?" "No, just that." "You can ask me anything, Rose." "I know." "And I'll tell you, with the purest kind of truth there is." "I know , Edward. Because I know you. Now, tell me what I want to hear." How could I possibly put into words the kind of longing I feel for her in this moment? Longing built of real and pure and solid... Of choices made and choices wholeheartedly believed in... How could I… Oh. I know how. I know how exactly. "I miss you like you'd miss the sun if it suddenly stopped existing. And more than that, even... because I miss you like you miss me." . . I started this for a reason... But never got very far with it for my own reasons. I was trying to force myself to please people with the path it would take instead of taking it on the one I wanted to. So, I ended up getting nowhere with it. And certainly not anywhere with it in time for what it was for. (The Rob pic in the banner might give you a hint if you want to know what that was.) Until, just recently, when I couldn't get it out of my head. The it that it became, which is what I, and most of all Edward, wanted it to be. And which was actually nothing at all like what I first planned or tried to force. Did I please any of you with it? I could make a logical assumption... but I won't. And though it's hard to leave it here, and not please myself or this Edward any further (I'm totally and completely in love with him), I think leaving it here is the right choice. And if you're still here now reading these choice words after reading ours above... thank you. And I'd kind of really love to hear about what made you stay before you leave. You know, if you so choose to tell me. ~Chloe