Charles? The kitchen sink?" I joked and he laughed. "Everything but. That includes the bath an shower." He winked and I laughed, Lucy and Gareth joining in. we chatted for a while when suddenly; there was a loud groaning and trumpets sounded. Immediately, I straightened, my back, my eyes glowing a bright emerald. Guards poured from the golden gates and in the middle strode out The Creator. As soon as He came into sight, we dropped into a kneel. I felt Him come closer to our little huddle and His steps echoed in the sudden silence. My breaths came quicker as reality settled in. I was going to Earth, the land of man, and I may never return. Not until the problem regarding vampires are dealt with anyway. He was now in front of my and I dipped my head, my hair falling like a curtain around me. "Isabella, child, rise," I heard Him say. I rose, my legs feeling like jelly. My eyes met His and instantly a smile bloomed on my face, mirroring His. "I have no greater joy than to see my First Creation help a new race the way I did in the beginning. I wish you and Charles the best. Just remember that if you face a problem, you only need to call my name and I will answer you. However, once you go into this, you cannot back out. If you opt out now, then I will not hold it against you." He stopped, looking expectantly at Charles and I. Neither one of us moved an inch. The smile that lit up His face made all of us gasp. He was absolutely stunning; His bright green eyes twinkling and jet-black hair waving in the slight breeze. His smile brightened the world, filling it with joy, happiness and hope. My wings burst out from me and thousands of others followed suite. I bowed low. "Thank you, my Lord. We will not fail and only when we have accomplished the mission shall we enter through the gates of Paradise." My voice was strong as I said those words and I felt the full impact of them. But I knew that they were true. I couldn't bear the look of disappointment that would shine in The Creator's eyes if I returned without fulfilling the mission. We all rose and He went to grasp Charles' hand in a firm handshake. They seemed to be conversing mentally, for that was Charles forte. Charles nodded in agreement to whatever He had said. As He came to me, I felt my eyes fill with tears. Instead of giving me a firm handshake, He just stood in front of me, not saying a word. We looked at each other silently. Time stretched on and we just looked at each other. Finally, He enveloped me into a tight hug. I went silently into his shoulder and I felt his power pour into me like liquid gold. Be strong, Isabella. For Gareth, for your people, for me but most importantly for the sake of humanity. It will be tough but that is why I have gifted you with the gift of a sponge. You can absorb other's powers, not matter how little or great. Use your power wisely. I will be watching you and I will always be a shoulder to lean on if ever you want one. Remember; with great power comes great responsibility. Do Paradise proud, chosen one. I smiled weakly and I felt like breaking down again. But I had to be strong. The world depended on this mission and I cannot fail, no matter what I have to sacrifice. If it means the betterment of humanity, then I'll pay the bill. I pulled away and stared one last time into His eyes. He gave a firm nod, and I nodded back, letting him know that I was ready. He pulled away to go talk to the crowd individually. He did this all the time because he loved us and always made time to be with us. Some others came up to us and The Creator said that we had ten minutes to say goodbye. I hugged people who had never spoken to me before but wished me well anyway. I was wished luck countless of times and when it neared the end of those ten minutes, I walked over to Gareth. He jumped into my arms and hugged me tightly. He cried full out and I held him close. As I pulled away, he pulled something out from his pocket. "Here Isa, something to take with you when you go. A reminder of me." I smiled, pocketing the little dagger. "You know I'll never forget about you kiddo. In fact, let me take this picture of you now." I pulled out my iPhone from my pocket and snapped a picture of him, Lucy and Ralph. The trumpets sounded again and I picked up my bags. I ruffled Ralph's fur as I walked past him and he barked in response. Together, Charles and I walked behind The Creator and to the Gates of Paradise. He turned to us. "You remember what you need to do?" We nodded. "No last questions?" We shook our heads. "Good. I wish you well and good luck. I know you will do all that is in your power to help humanity." He patted Charles on the back and hugged me again. "Stop being such an overprotective big brother and let us go already. I'm ready to kick some newborn butt," I whispered in his ears, too low for anyone else to hear. He chuckled and I burned the sound into my head. The gates swung open and my wings burst free once more. "Be strong Isabella. We need you," was the last thing I head before I fell into the blackness of space. A/N: That's all for now, folks. How was it? Did you love it? Hate it? What do you think? Please review! - Channie.B