so different at the same time. Mrs. Cope instructed me to have a look around and that the library was safe since the family was up in the blue room which was connected to the ballroom where the music was coming from. Apparently when there was the servants ball the large area I was standing in at the moment, was used as the ballroom yet when they were entertaining, the larger room was used. I thanked Mrs. Cope for showing me around and stood in the centre of the room; I turned slowly and looked from the floor to the ceiling, taking it all in. When I had made a full turn I found myself face to face with a large mirror that had gold embellishments at the top. I didn't look a mess, but I had certainly looked better, I straightened the skirt of my dress and fixed my blouse. The pins in my hair had become loose slightly, so I tucked them back in so my curls would stay. When I looked less disheveled I certainly felt better, and I went to take a look in the library once again to look at the books just how Mrs. Cope said I could. Walking into the library I took a moment to familiarise with the order of books; each section had their own alphabetical order, there was fiction, non-fiction, politics, dictionaries in multiple languages and others. There was a section on embroidery and sewing so I skimmed through the titles. I jumped when I heard someone clear their throat; I stepped back quickly and looked for whom my interruption was from. Standing on the other side of the room, was a slightly taller than average height man with dark black hair, golden skin and light brown eyes. "Oh, I'm terribly sorry for startling you," he said taking a step toward me, "I wasn't sure who you were, sorry, I only just realised you're the new maid." he laughed and smiled a big toothy grin at me. His laughter was infectious that's for sure, because I let out a breathy laugh myself. "Jacob Black, second footman above Michael, though everyone calls me Jake and everyone calls Michael, Mike." "Isabella Swan, but please, call me Bella, only my grandmother called me Isabella ." I smiled at him and he nodded. "You know, Lord Mason generally lets people borrow his books when he knows them, so when you meet the family, I'm sure he will let you." He said pursing his lips. "He has an impressive collection" I said, admiring the books from floor to ceiling. "Yes, a lot of them are from ancestors but most are from him, he has a medical degree you see." "He must have high expectations of his children then," I couldn't help the sadness seep into my voice, to live in a family this rich would be wonderful, however to have such an expectation put on you would be incredibly stressful. "mmm..." Jake agreed, "What do you say we get you back downstairs, the family is coming in here soon and they won't want to be jolted with new staff in the middle of the day." Jake lead me down to the servants hall, telling me about the secret passages in the rooms and how there is supposedly one that no one has found, not even Lord Mason. X~x~X~x~X~x~X~x~X It was an exciting day to say the least, though the nights were fascinating. I was introduced to the bustle and hurry the four footmen were subjected too, the kitchen maids were having orders shouted at them by Mrs. Clearwater the Cook and I met Mr. Aro Volturi the butler, he was friendly but a little rough around the edges, like he could snap badly if one thing was put out of place. When the evening's festivities were finished and the family had all gone to bed, we, the servants, were able to eat our dinner. I was introduced to everyone, and befriended a young girl a touch younger than I, named Angela; she was a house maid and had been working here for a year and a half. She told me what watch out for in the way of the family and who I should avoid in the servants hall. James, first footman seemed to be rather... conscientious of me... Like he was trying to find out all of my secrets. The woman sitting next to him was the same, her name was Mrs. Victoria Fall, she was her Ladyships Maid and she scared me more than Mr. Volturi. When the night came to a close, Mrs. Cope had dropped off my maids clothing, a simple green dress to wear under my apron for when I was a house maid during the day as well as a day cap, a black evening dress to wear under my French apron along with a night cap when we were entertaining and serving dinner and a long black formal maids dress for my Lady's maid outfit. Mrs. Cope had hinted to me that when Lady Alice came back, I would very rarely have to be a house maid, so I shouldn't worry about my daily duties, for she was currently trying to get another girl on staff so I could remain a permanent lady's maid. I fell asleep dreaming about the days to come and somewhere in the background, the soft playing of the piano could be heard. Please favourite/follow/review, it is much appreciated! This is the first chapter of this story and I feel I should let you know that i have written at least two more and I am still tweaking them. So... if you could please review and let me know what you think, i should have another chapter up soon. I am going to have a timetabled chapter system where I will upload at the same time for example once every two weeks on the same day. Thank you all once again and please favourite/follow/review.