happen. But all of a sudden, one of the kitchen chairs were smashed against the adjacent wall. Jacob was breathing really heavy, trying to get himself under control. I've never seen Jacob participate in destructive behavior, so I was slightly taken aback. Nonetheless, I didn't allow anyone to see my loss in facial composure. "What's wrong, Jacob?" I allowed the malice to come back in my voice. "Someone finally calling you out on your shit?" "Jeannette," Quil spoke up from across the room. "Just yell at us and then leave, okay?" His comment almost makes it sound like he's giving me permission to yell at them, which pissed me off even more. "Oh, I intend to, Ateara." I made a semi-circle across the room, but make sure to keep out of arms-reach of Jacob. I pulled up a chair and swung it in between my legs to sit backwards. Quil was to my left and Embry to my right. Jacob was still standing up across the room with tight hands enclosed. I propped my elbows up and gave a sarcastic smirk to Embry, but his head was down. He has not seen me at all for six weeks. Since Embry wasn't allowing me to have any fun with this, I turned my head toward Quil. "How's the 'gang life' treating you guys?" No response. Quil just diverts his attention forward. Jared and Paul were still on the edge of their seats on the kitchen counter, anticipating my next move. "Come on you guys- I don't bite." Paul and Jared smirked at each other. "I'm really not here to yell at you," my sickly sweetness tone kicked in. "I just want to know what my best friends have been up to lately," I said, rubbing Embry's shoulder. I flinched slightly because the warmth underneath his shirt took me by surprise. Does he still have a fever? Surely, you can't go sick for that long. "We can't hang out with you anymore," Embry managed to croak out, head still down. "You're a little too late for that memo, Embryo," I spat at him. He flinched at the sound of the nickname he hates, knowing that it wasn't said in good nature. "I would have really appreciated you telling me that before all of this. But no, you had to be pussies about it." For the first time, Quil's face showed signs of actual anger. "Instead, you made your father ignore me," comment directed toward Jacob. "You blocked my number," I narrowed my eyes at Quil. "You ignored my cry for help," my anger disappeared and came out in a hushed whisper toward Embry. He, out of all three of them, I really expected to contact me. I thought he and I shared a friendship that was something special, something more intimate than what I shared with Quil or Jacob. But I was wrong. "So here's your chance, boys! Tell me you don't want to see me ever again." The words that came out of my mouth sounded like it was directly toward all three of them, but for some reason my body's energy and attention was directed at Embry. "Tell me," I seethed, hoping for one of them to speak soon. "Why don't you be a man , look me in my eye, and tell me you don't want to be friends anymore?" Since most of my anger was directly at Embry, it felt like we were the only two in the room. He took a deep breath and finally looked at me: he looks like hell. For not seeing his face in six weeks, saying that he changed is a complete and total understatement. He hadn't been sleeping, he'd been crying, and he had frown lines. I can't tell if that's just because I'm here, but I caught myself hoping that he's at least smiled once since he dismissed himself from my life. His facial expression threw me off, though. He looked at me as if he's looking at the sun for the first time. He stopped breathing, it looked like he wanted to say something, but nothing tumbled from his lips. He just stared at me in a way that made me feel like I needed to cover up. He looked like he was looking into my soul for the first time ever. For just a moment, I recognized the Embry that I loved and appreciated for 11 years of my life, the one that knew me more than anyone else in this world did. For a second, I thought I had him back. Maybe I could convince him to leave Sam's gang. Maybe when he did that, Jacob and Quil would follow suit. That was just a daydream though. Jared's laugh drove me out of my reverie. "I know that look all too well." Before I could even ponder what the hell Jared was talking about, I set my jaw back into the place it was when I first arrived. I tried to make it seem as though I wasn't affected by Embry's gaze. To finish my own question, I bitterly murmured, "Didn't think so." I whipped the chair out from underneath my bottom and threw it back in its original place. While I noticed Jacob's face softened, his stance was still defensive. I felt Embry's eyes on my back as I walked past Sam. "They're all yours," I said while grimacing over my shoulder to Sam Uley. This was the last time I ever wanted to see his face again. I looked over at my three ex best friends and concluded, "Pathetic." With that, I finally left the house. I heard someone get up quickly but Sam stopped whoever it was. A part of me was hoping it was Embry, telling me that I was right and that he wanted me to give him a ride home. But I knew that wasn't possible. I stepped back in the path of the rainstorm and drove home red-faced and teary-eyed.