he slides two fingers inside me, fucking me with his tongue and fingers simultaneously. He stops briefly to tell me how hard he is, how he is going to fuck me, how he is not going to stop until I cannot come anymore, how he needs to taste more of me, how he needs me to come all over his face, How he needs me to ease his aching cock, how it's me, how it's always been me. With one final flick to my clit and a curving of his fingers, I detonate – white spots flash behind my closed eyelids as my orgasm rips through me. I am suddenly aware of a loud keening sound, but I am unable to locate where it is coming from. Gazing at Emmett, I am taken aback by the huge grin he is sporting. "Are those noises for me Pretty Lady? Do you think you could make some more? I hope you are ready for round two Esme, because I need to get my cock inside you!" Before his words can sink in to my orgasm addled brain, I am hefted off the sofa into his arms and we are barrelling up the stairs. He comes to a halt outside of my bedroom and looks for permission to enter but with a subtle shake of my head he carries on to the guest room. As soon as we cross the threshold I am resituated so my thighs are wrapped around his waist. He wastes no time in attaching his lips to my neck, nipping, sucking and licking his way towards the juncture of my neck and beyond to the swell of my breasts. "Esme?" "Yes" I gasp out as he makes tiny little nips across the top of my cleavage. "Can I fuck you?" "Oh yes, yes please, fuck me…. fuck me hard!" He doesn't need any further encourage as I am lowered to the bed and watch enthralled as he slowly strips off his clothing, my eyes grow larger as he slides his jeans and boxers down his thighs and reveals his prominent erection. The purple head of his cock stands proud and touches his toned stomach and he strokes himself slowly while he watches me with hooded eyes. "Condom?" he enquires as he comes to stand next to the bed. I shake my head "Pill" I reach out to stroke him, his eyes drift closed and he lets out a deep guttural moan as I move my hand from his balls to the head of his glorious thick cock. I scoot closer and dart out my tongue to taste the glistening pre cum which is leaking from his slit. "Fuuuuuuuck! Oh yes Esme, suck my cock" Emboldened by his response I take him into my mouth. It's been a long time since I have done this and my gag reflex soon makes itself known, so I concentrate on licking and nipping the head and gripping his shaft I stoke him firmly, keeping an even rhythm. He groans loudly and makes a grab for my hands, releasing him from my mouth, I look at him wondering why he stopped me. He looks at my bewildered face and chuckles "If you keep that up Pretty Lady, I am going to blow my load and I want to be buried deep inside your sweet pussy when I do come, I hope you are ready for me." I cannot stop the shriek that escapes me as he dives on to the bed and rids me of my skimpy nightwear. I blush under his appraising glances, he smirks and whistles his approval. Reaching over he grabs my ankles and spreads my legs wide. He nestles between my open thighs and attaches his lips to mine. I can feel everything – the tip of his cock at my opening, his strong muscular back, I wrap my legs around his fine ass, urging him forward. We both sigh in relief as he slides into me. Emmett grunts "I don't think I can go slow Esme, I want to take my time with you but I can't, I need to fuck you." "Next time, Em, next time" He groans and picks up the pace thrusting so deep and forcefully, that we both move up the bed. He kisses me hard and wet, whispering what he wants to do to me, how he wants me to come, how he is going to come and then fuck me all over again. Hefting my legs over his shoulders I scream in pleasure as he hits the spot I didn't think existed. I can feel my whole body tighten in response to his ministrations, my limbs stiffen as my orgasm surges through me. Suddenly he stills and I can feel his cock pulse deep within me, a string of expletives accompanies his release and he collapses on top of me. Feeling his heavy weight lying upon me makes me feel alive, more alive than I have felt before. Gentle kisses are peppered all over my face and sparkly blue eyes glisten with adoration. My face hurts from smiling so hard, I reach up to run my fingers through dark brown curls. Feeling sticky and replete, contentment settles over me like a warm blanket "Whatcha thinking Pretty Lady?" he asks as he rolls us over and settles me on his broad muscular chest. "I just knew there was more to life – Thank you Emmett, for showing me more." He kisses the top of my head "Anytime, Pretty Lady, anytime." *O*o*O* Things to Remember: - All stories are ANONYMOUS and any reference to who the author is will result in the story being disqualified from the contest. - Feel free to pimp the contest! - Follow the contest on Twitter or join the Facebook group! - Public Voting begins February 23, 2016. Thank you for reading! Please feel free to leave a review so the author will know what you thought of their story!