to, if you don't count that bag at his door. Which I don't, because it was brought here by me, not him. But only innocently for ... "For just a little while?" he asks now, telling me he's willing. And "Yes," I answer immediately, because he is. "Just until you say it's time to go. Again." "Well, since you seem to be sure that I will say it... then I suppose we can." I smile sweetly and stand. And wait . Because I am. And because I meant it. I want him to take me. For just a little while... Wanting Edward to take me into his bedroom was an innocent thing. I just wanted to be in his space. The place where he laid his head every night. Closed his eyes to every day. And opened them to every new. Because I don't get to see him do that. Yet... It's one of the things I'm most excited for. And most anxious to see... Edward close his eyes. With me beside him. And then open them again the same. In a place he chose. Dreamed... And built. From the ground up. And not just the ground our feet will touch... But his. His foundation. His brilliant mind and his shockingly generous and beautiful heart... That don't fight each other anymore. That stopped... Joined forces. So that they could protect me in a better way. By pulling me inside of both. Tucking me in. And keeping me there. Where I knew I was always meant to be. Meant to belong in and to. Not many people can say that they got to spend their entire lives with the one they loved... But I can. Yes, I'm only twenty three years old... And my life has barely begun... But he's been in it. Rooted deep. From the first day that it did. And he'll stay rooted. Because it's where he wants to. And where he knows he's supposed to be. Like me for him, was always meant to. Someone at work had said I was crazy to want to get married so young. And after so little time together. But they just didn't understand. The time we'd really spent. The years. Watching each other grow up. And, though I'm younger in those years... And in so many other ways... I'm not in all. And not too much. And not too much to know what's right for my life. And that I don't want to waste any of it with wrong. If there's one thing I know–have felt the pain of learning–it's that life can be short. Far too... We both know it. And both want as much of it as we can have. As much more... Together. As close together as we can get. Because he came–and brought me–where I wanted him to. Something I'm thanking him for... Telling him I love him for... And will love him more for soon... With my mouth that he won't have to shush... Or pull from his skin back to his... A fight for him, but a different one than the one I already won. "I really need to get you home now." "Okay," I say easily, and giggle as he practically back flips off of his bed and away from me, his back hitting the wall behind him with a thud. "Whatever you say." He shakes his head at me, and probably more than at me, at himself , and points to the shirt–his–I now hold in my hands. "Toss it to me." "Come and get it from me," I challenge instead. "That would not be a good idea, Isabella. And, in fact, an even worse one than yours to take it off of me was." "You let me," I remind him, because he did. Even though I've never let him. "I know that. And that my pedestal is in crumbled ruin on the floor. And I'm sorry for that. It wasn't at all my intention when I brought you in here." "It wasn't mine, either," I tell him honestly, "When I asked you to. And DON'T be sorry. Nothing is crumbled or ruined." And then I climb from his bed with his shirt still in hand, and, after I bring it to my nose and inhale it shamelessly, give it a hard shake-out and hold it out to him. "Just a little crumPled, maybe. But I could fix that before we go if it would make you feel better? Just point me to your iron. I promise not to get too distracted looking at you and scorch it." He mumbles what I think is "Little snot" under his breath and snatches it from my hands. And, unfortunately for me, this much-better-than-the-one-I-planned game of show and tell is over, because he has it back on and buttoned quicker than should be humanly possible. And then his eyes are on mine. And then my hair, which his hands now try to smooth. "You know I love you, right? With all of my heart? And, also with all of it, want to be alive to watch you walk down that aisle to me? And put your life in my hands?" I nod and beam up at him. Fiercely. Like I'll do something else if it comes to that when he walks me through my soon-to-be-not front door. For one of the last times before he walks–or carries–me through ours. "You will be. And then, with all of mine–everything–I promise you, happy that you were for the rest of yours." I promise, Edward. xx She's so sweet. And I can't promise that she'll start keeping her promise in the next chapter, but if she doesn't get the chance to, she should in the one after. I'll try my best. And I know there was no EPOV in this one... which feels weird, even to me... but that's just the way it went. And I promise we'll hear from him in the next one. See you soon.