to apologise for my actions or for trying to help." "I don't need your help." he said strongly "No but Bella does and it involves you, so…" I trailed off leaving him to work the rest out for himself "I don't understand why you're being so stubborn?" "We can't be friends." He answered "Why not?" "Because, they're my enemy." he said, talking about the Cullens. I stood up and stood in front of him. "Then why are you still talking to me?" I asked, he looked confused "I'm friends with both you guys, and the vampires, and yet, no one seems to have a problem with sharing me." I explained "You're different." Jacob mumbled "How?" "You're not dating one." "So? What has that got to do with it?" Jacob didn't answer me. "It's not cause they're your mortal enemies." I began, he looked up at me "It's cause you're both in love with her." I said simply. He tried to keep his face plain, but I could tell I'd hit the bullseye. I crouched down on the rocks in front of him. "It hurts to be near her," I muttered "How do you know?" "I've known you the longest remember." I smirked, remembering the time he'd once said the same thing to me. "If you know it hurts then why are you always trying to force me to talk to her?" Jacob questioned. I sighed "Because, all she want's to do is apologise, and you can't even let her do that simple task. You're tearing her apart." he snorted "On the inside, where she's trying to keep it hidden. Just like you are. The only difference is that her minds private and your's isn't." "I can't do it." He admitted softly "Maybe you should try?" I offered "I can't take that chance, I might…" "Hurt her? Or hurt him?" "I'm not afraid of hurting him." Jacob said fiercely "You should be. Because hurting him means hurting her, remember." I explained "It's not as difficult as it sounds, to just, try." "I can't put myself through something like that. It hurts enough just thinking about her." Jacob confessed. It was weird seeing Jacob so… vulnerable. He hadn't been like this since at least before he'd first phased. I stood up and sat back next to him before placing an arm around his shoulders and resting my head on one. "Sorry." I muttered "For what?" "Trying to force you to talk to her." I confessed, he sighed and rested his head on mine "You're just trying to help." he muttered "But at the same time I'm making it worse." "You're only making it worse by trying to kill yourself as well." Jacob's voice was serious again, "This was why I didn't tell you lot." I grumbled "Plus it was ages ago so can we drop it." "Ages ago?" Jacob asked, the weight of his head disappeared "Yeah…" I said slowly, now being careful of what I was saying. "How long ago?" His voice was a little harsh now "Um…" I muttered "Alexis," Drat. Now I was definitely in trouble, Jake never uses my full name otherwise. "Back when Bella went to Italy…" I said quietly. I almost fell down head first as Jacob was suddenly gone from beneath me and no longer supporting my weight. "What?!" he raged standing in front of me. I felt intimidated as he was so bloody tall. "It happened, it's in the past, you can't change it, move on." I said quickly. "What are we going to do with you?" Jacob muttered "Nothing hopefully." I said, Jacob rolled his eyes. "You just keep looking for trouble." Jacob sighed "You really are just as bad as Bella." "Don't compare me to her, I'm not as clumsy and I don't attract danger and I'm not being as dangerous, those things could kill her." "And jumping from a 100 metre or more high tree could kill you too!" Jacob said "No, I'm a cat, I'm too agile for that." "We don't know if that's true." Jacob admitted "Seems to be." I grumbled. Jacob sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. "Can you at least try to be normal?" he questioned "You can talk," I grinned, Jacob rolled his eyes "But I'm not as breakable as you are." he thought "I'm strong enough to break your bones, I think I'm fine." I reminded him "That's me, us, something more dangerous such as a vampire, is different." "You can't be more breakable then they are?" I thought confused, I didn't expect they would be, sure vampires are like marble but they boys weren't exactly soft, walking into them was like walking into a brick wall. As much as they didn't want to admit it, the two sides were alike, gorgeous and indestructible, just one was hot and the other was cold. Jacob smirked at my comment and I knew I was right, he didn't think they were more breakable… then again Edward thought the opposite, he thought he was less breakable then the wolves. One day I'd like to see who'd really win out of the two of them, if it didn't end up with one of them dead afterwards. I stood up and stretched "So, shall we go back? I still haven't eaten anything." I confessed, Jacob rolled his eyes "Don't roll your eyes at me, you're hungry too!" "Not as much." Jacob shrugged, typically his stomach betrayed him by grumbling. I smirked at him and he rolled his eyes. "Come on." he grumbled and took my hand, leading me back to Emily's house. I was glad he felt better, even if it was only for a short period. Embry had told me that Jacob feels better when he's around me, not in as much pain as when he's with the pack or when he's alone. I was glad for that, it had been the same when we were kids too. I'm glad not everything's changed with all that's happened.