company but a couple of other troublemaking pack toddlers and a dog. They slowed as they approached the house. Using silent hand signals, they split and circled it, moving stealthily towards the deeply-shaded clearing in the back. The back door stood wide open. Jacob could hear the delicate snores of his pregnant wife—probably passed out from exhaustion on the couch again. But don't ever say he said that Jessica Stanley-Black snored like a logger after a night out drinkin' on payday. He'd go to his grave without admitting that truth. He felt a little guilty. Jackson could make a saint swear on a good day. Poor Jess never stood a chance. Once again, using hand signals, he waved the others back. They fell into formation, flanking him as they kept to the shadows and circled the small clearing in the Blacks' backyard. Five small dogs milled around near the rear tree line—four small wolf cubs and a tiny Golden Retriever pup. The four wolf cubs all had little swaths of fabric attached to their ankles. They may have been four concerned fathers watching, but they all had the same thought at the same time, " No shit ." Whoomph! Embry choked as he watched the fluffy, silvery-white pup with light grey spots phase out … into his precious baby girl, naked as the day she was born, with a little purple sundress wrapped around her ankle just like her Aunt Leah. "Bryanna…?" Embry murmured wonderingly. She hid behind the long black curtain of her messy hair, toeing the dirt with her bare foot, wondering when the yelling would start. She was sure there would be yelling. Or at least a lecture about … something. Whoomph! Whoomph! Whoomph! Harry, Ethan, and Jackson all phased out behind her in rapid succession, equally naked and unconcerned. When Bry saw her friends, she realized she should probably put her dress back on. It may not bother Harry, but he's a Lahote . Indeed, Harry stood proudly naked at Bry's right flank, like any good Beta would, grinning like the cat that got the canary. "Harry, put your shorts on. No need to make everyone jealous," Paul winked. Harry rolled his eyes, but complied. He hated wearing pants. "Would someone care to tell me what's going on here?" Jacob asked in his serious dad voice. All four pups began to talk at once. Bryanna was the first to stop and collect her thoughts. Turning around, hands on hips, she ordered, " Hush! Just… Just sit and hush! " Three boys and one dog all plopped their muddy rear ends on the ground at the same time. Embry wanted to be upset that his baby girl had phased, that she had led her friends all over the rez and left the yard without permission, but, in that moment, all he could feel was glowing pride. He looked at Jacob and tilted his head toward the pups, his smile spreading lazily over his features, "Guess we know who their Alpha is." Jacob struggled not to grin with pride at the pups, but he knew their mothers were going to have shit fits when they found out and—somehow—it would get blamed on him. He shook his head, hands on hips, and stared at the ground, trying desperately not to grin. This Alpha shit was for the birds. Little Bry was welcome to the job if she wanted it. He cleared his throat and, in his best disapproving dad voice, he asked, "What's going on here?" Bry held a hand up to silence her little pack as they all began speaking at once. Stepping one bare chubby little bronze foot forward and trying not to fidget, she reported to her Uncle Know-it-all like a good Know-it-all should. "I finded dis puppy in da woods. He was sad and wet and all awone. I wet him sweep in my sec-wet fort and he gived me cuddles. I fed him raviowis and pamcakes, and sometimes my vegables because he's a dog and he'll eat any-fing. Then, Hawwy comed over and met my puppy and my puppy cried. Then E-fan comed over and my puppy cried some more. Big Uncoo Biwwy said you could see the TV in the other big doggies' heads in da pack brain, so I poofed into a doggy to try to see what's in his head. I just want to help him," she said sorrowfully, pouting a little for effect. That worked on Daddy a lot of the times. She poked the little Golden's head with a stubby finger, "But dere's nuffing in dere. He just barked at me and I don't speak dog even dough I was one when I talked to 'im. It comed out all barks." She held her hands over her mouth and moved them away like she was trying to pull out the right words. Shrugging, she held her hands up in despair. "It no work." She tried out the pout again. It couldn't hurt. "So I telled Hawwy to poof into a doggy if I bark at him—before I poofed—and E-fan, too. Then they poofed into doggies, but they can't hear my puppy neither. Then we fought were missing our Know-it-all like Uncoo Jacob, so we comed here to tell Jackson because we fink he might know how Uncoo Jacob do it and he tried and poofed to help us. His red coat is so shiny…" she looked at him adoringly. "And he's so fluffy… "Then, Jackson couldn't see the TV in my puppy's brain neither, so we didn't fink it was helping to be poofed, so we poofed back. That how it happened, Uncoo Jacob, honest." She nodded her head as sincerely as she could, figuring nothing ventured, nothing gained—just like her mommy always says—so she worked up her biggest pout and saddest puppy eyes before she begged prettily with a flutter of lashes, "Can we keep 'im, Daddy? Pwease?" Leave me some love if you liked all this fluff!