no way this could end well … for her father. "Just where in Sam Hill do you think you're taking my daughter, Black?" Charlie asked as he hitched up his uniform pants, wiggling his holster a bit threateningly to terrify and intimidate. Too bad for him, werewolves weren't easily intimidated. "Home, with me," Jacob answered, wrapping an arm around Bella protectively. "If you think I'm just going to let you take off with daughter, boy, you have another think coming!" Charlie blustered. "Daddy… " Bella tried to warn him off. "Don't you ' Daddy' me you sneaky little tramp! You're no better than your no-good mother!" Bella's gasp silenced him as she squared off, stomping her dainty little foot in outrage, " Tramp?! Is that what you think of me? I am not Mama, Daddy! You drove me to this!" His eyes burned in righteous indignation and he clenched his fists, refusing to take the blame for trying to protect her, to try to keep history from repeating itself. "And yet, here you are anyway," he jabbed a finger in her direction, "just like her, sneaking off like a thief in the night with some, some-" he waved a hand in the air in wild circles, trying to come up with a word to encompass everything he despised and feared about Jacob Black. "What, Daddy? What is he that's so terrible?" she demanded, her voice hitching as she choked back her tears. "You have no idea what you're getting yourself into here Bella-" Jacob was seething. "You and I both know that kid was dead long before I ever got near him, thanks to another kind of monster altogether. All I did was keep the demon that possessed his bloodless corpse from mutilating and killing more helpless kids," Jacob hissed low, but plenty loud enough for Charlie's human ears. "Yeah? Well, from now on you just, just … keep it on the rez, like you're supposed to!" Charlie shouted, angered that Bella wasn't surprised by the boy's revelation and realizing that she must have known all along just what these boys really were under the light of the full moon. "Yeah? And if I do? You gonna kill the next one by yourself, Chief ? If that's your plan, you might as well say goodbye to Bells one last time, right here and now." "She's not going with you!" Charlie's face purpled with rage, knowing what it would mean if she left. The same had happened to his Aunt Molly when Charlie was a boy—just went out to La Push one weekend for a clam dig on the beach and never came home. The family never once spoke of her again after that, but Charlie knew. The one boy standing with Jacob—young Quil—was Charlie's own second cousin. "Well, she can't stay here . You can't protect her. She'd be dead within the week, and the pack would fold under the devastation of their Alpha's lost mate. This is how it has to be," Jacob stated with finality. "She's meant for better-" "Daddy!" Bella spoke sharply. "How dare you?! You don't get to decide what's best for me! Don't you do this. Don't you make me choose, because it'll be him. It's always been him. I will follow him to the ends of the earth, Daddy. This is meant to be. The spirits chose me for him. He is my destiny." She wrapped her arms around Jacob, murmuring quietly, "We should go. It's not any safer here than it was earlier, inside. You can lock down the rez. Forks is little better than a hunting ground for those demons now." "Alpha's mate," Jacob muttered the words with a hint of pride, but so quietly against her temple, she could hardly make them out. She smiled, realizing what he meant by his proud words—she was already putting her tribe's needs first, and thereby, her mate's. Charlie listened to the cryptic and very grown up exchange between his daughter and the b- man in whose arms she stood for protection. His shoulders sagged in defeat. Jacob took that as a sign that it was time to go. He lifted Bella up onto the seat of the bike, shielding her from view as she neatly rearranged her skirts to conceal her legs. He took off his jacket and draped it over her shoulders. She slid her arms into the sleeves as Jacob swung a leg over the seat behind her. He tucked the trailing hem of her skirts in under his legs, tugging her backwards to fit neatly against his chest, within the sheltering circle of his arms. "I've got you, but hold on tight, okay?" he warned her, placing her hands inside his on the handlebars. Charlie moved, making one last-ditch effort to stop them, but Quil barred his way, his big, beefy arms held wide to warn him off, "Chief… cousin . Don't do this. You'll drive her away forever." Jacob kick-started the bike, Embry doing the same as Quil retreated and slid into the sidecar, tucking Bella's bag between his feet securely. "Jacob!" Charlie shouted desperately over the roar of the bikes. Jacob ticked up one eyebrow and jerked his chin in response. "You take care of my girl, you hear?!" "I always do!" he yelled back, "but she's not your girl anymore!" He clasped Bella's hand in his, raising it to show Charlie his mother's ring on her third finger. "She's mine now!" Bella blushed to the roots of her hair as Embry and Quil hooted and hollered their congratulations. Charlie's eyes widened in regret and he heaved a mournful sob as he watched Jacob Black ride off down Main Street with his baby girl, cocooned in the strong, capable arms of her sweetheart, the Alpha of La Push. I'm hoping you guys are still interested enough in this little fic to read the follow-up I'm working on! Let me know what you thought in the comments. Thanks for reading!