and continued to prattle on, I just nodded at the correct moments and smiled. It seemed to work. Luckily Yorkie rescued me. Well, it was lucky until he started to prattle on. Ugh high schoolers. At the table, Eric introduced me to everyone, whose names I then completely forgot. Hey, I am bad with names, give me a break. I was listening to them prattle on when I saw them. They walked in through the door and I swear it was a scene from a movie, complete with slow mo and everything. As soon as they walked in I got my proof. I was in Twilight. You might be like, hey, Alex, how long did it take you to come to terms with the fact that you had been transported into a fictional world? Well mr/mrs/miss reader, it took me just a couple of moments actually. You might think that's pretty impressive, but you also have to realize that I also had already come to terms with time travel so travelling to a fictional realm was sort of like a shoulder shrug and a uninterested ok. Eric must have noticed me staring at the five that just walked in. "Oh, that's the Cullen's, they don't talk to anyone," he commented. I smirked internally. If they decided to join you guys it would most like be to rip all of your heads off. Lauren then proceed to give me all the scoop on the vampires but it wasn't anything that I hadn't heard before. I had already read all the books, hey, give me a break I like to read. It was at this moment I heard the little devil. Hey they can hear you from here. Yeah, what about it. Come on, do something fun. I am interested, what do you have for me. As the plan formed in my mind, my smile grew. Alright let's do this. As soon as I made the decision to do this, the small one seemed to look at me with the face of pure horror. Ah that one is Alice, right can see the future. The red-haired one head snapped up at her before looking at me with a face that matched his sisters. I'm guessing Edward on that one. Hey Eddie, if you can hear me, try to hold Rosalie so she doesn't kill me. I sighed theatrically catching the rest of the tables attention,"Man, I feel bad for the blonde." The rest of the table looked at me in shock, Eric recovered first,"WHAT?" "Well I mean look at them," they did, "Alice is adorable, the perfect combo of small and pretty. Her spiky short hair matches her perfectly. Plus she is incredibly graceful as we could all see when she walked in. I am thinking ballet or some form of gymnastics would be blessed to have her. Then we have Jasper, I am guessing strong and silent type. Perfect match to Alice's apparent bubbly attitude. They complete each other. Then we have Emmett, Emmett right?" I asked knowing the answer. They nodded and I continued, "Now I may be straight but I have no difficulty pointing out that he is a real mans man. Both attractive and muscular. Also, looking at that grin he has sporting now one can also guess that he has an extremely cheerful attitude. I am thinking most of his family sees him as the youngest brother, even if he is the oldest. A child through and through. Then we have Edward. Not as fit as Jasper or Emmett but still showing muscle. And the only single person at the table. I would wager he is waiting for the right one but would be unsure how to approach her even if he did find her though. He is definitely attractive but his face and his own upkeep seem to suggest some form of disappointment in his self-worth. He thinks something is wrong with him. I wonder…" I trailed off. The group around me stared at me in awe while the Cullen's table were trying hard not look at me at all. I sighed, "Then lastly Rosalie. There is no doubt she is beautiful. But it is not like the others whose beauty comes naturally. She must work very hard every morning, no doubt so she doesn't feel left behind by the others in their looks. Her hair is just so….poofy, so I am guessing at least four products. But it still doesn't have the natural look her siblings have. Her outfit is forced, showing too much in an effort to gain attention." I could see her scowling at the table, mostly likely imagining the many ways to kill me. Time to end this. Que evil laugh. "But honestly, the worst part. Her angry face. She could be so much more beautiful if she was smiling. But nope. In all the time I have been here she hasn't stopped scowling. So aggressive." I sighed again, "Such a pity, she could be at least a little pretty if she only smiled." I looked back at the rest of the table, they guys were staring at me like I was insane, the girls were staring at Rosalie checking for themselves. And their I sat, basking in my evilness. I took a quick peek at the Cullens to see where I stood. Edward was staring at me completely mortified, Alice and Emmett were completely confused, Jasper was staring at Rosalie no doubt trying to use his powers to reign her in. And Rosalie. Ah Rosalie. There aren't enough words in the English language to describe the look of pure contempt she was giving me. I was totally and royally screwed. Ah, what a great day. Let me know what you think in the reviews! Oh and Sual, if you are still with the reader please return, my candles for my Satanic rituals are going out and I need you to stop by Hell 'R Us and get me some more. BYE!