Jessica giggled, turning back to the table. "That's Edward and Emmett Cullen, and Jasper and Rosalie Hale! There's another Cullen, Alice, but she already left." The embarrassment fled away as she grasped the gossip; the hushed words gushed forth. "They all live with Doctor Cullen and his wife, who adopted them. They're gorgeous, obviously, but get this! They're all together. Like, together, together. Alice and Jasper, Emmett and Rosalie. And they live together!" Her voice climbed in a barely restrained squeal; her eyes were bright and joyous with condemnation. Mental note: Do not get on Jessica's bad side. Adopted children? I supposed that Doctor Cullen could be a scientist... Could robots be romantic, at least toward one another? Or they could be Aliens. Clearly, the other teenagers here translated Uncanny Valley into attractiveness. I swiftly glanced over to the table again. Okay. I can see it. "What about the other one?" I asked. " Edward? " She scoffed. "No, but there aren't any girls here good enough for him." Maybe he's only into other robots or aliens? "Have they always lived here?" I think I'd have noticed them on my visits. "No, they moved down two years ago from Alaska." I frowned, distracted from my imaginings. There was something wrong with that statement. They have lived here for a full two years. If people thought they were so pretty... "They look like they keep to themselves." I pointed out. (How did they all end up in the same lunch period, anyway?) She shrugged, "I don't know, I guess so. Besides, they're kind of... well... intimidating, I guess." Maybe their isolation was self-imposed. More likely, the other kids were either disconcerted by their too-perfect features, or simply less confident around pretty people. Most people prefer to be around those they consider to be equals. Once more I looked to the table. This time the boy with copper hair was already staring in our direction. His expression was curious. Had he realised we were speaking about him? "Who's the boy with the reddish hair?" I asked, still meeting his gaze. He'd already seen me, and it's not like he could have heard us. "Edward. The one who doesn't date, so don't get your hopes up." She rolled her eyes. The boy started to smile and turned away. Whoa. Did he hear us? Super hearing? Is it part of his robot-programming? I mentally kicked myself. I was now beyond carried away; I had already floated half-way through the stratosphere. There was no way ― well, nearly no way― that they were robots. He could just be friendly. Or, perhaps... Nervous. He may not like the attention, he may feel embarrassed. Just because he had flawless features and smiled at us, didn't mean he wasn't worried about what we were talking about. I was being rude on every level and I felt it. I could have ruined someone's day. I needed to check, needed to reassure him, just in case... "I think I'm going to go talk to them." I stated, turning back to Jessica. She gawked. " What?" I smiled brightly, stood up, and started toward the table. Edward was already facing in my direction, as were the rest of his family. They all wore the same politely puzzled expression. My shyness fought my New-Town-New-Life courage, screaming things about immanent humiliation. I ignored the feeling; I deserve a bit of humiliation or worry. Once is once, tit for tat; all transactions must be equivalent. "Hi, I'm Bella Swan, but I'm open to insulting nicknames," I smiled, mentally cringing. I really need to stop relying on bad humour for comfort. "I'm new here. I was just talking to another girl and she said you were somewhat new as well." I paused, trying to figure out how to continue without being insulting. [I noticed that you don't seem to have friends]? [Don't worry, your beauty doesn't threaten me]? [I didn't want my excessive staring to put you ill at ease. I'm sure you are very cool, and possibly robots, which would be cooler]? I simply smiled. Safe enough. Three hideous seconds ticked by. Then the honey-blonde boy stood up and offered his hand. "Ah, yes, Bella Swan? Nice to meet you, Miss. I'm Jasper Hale." The soft, melodic tone of his voice put me at ease instantly. As I shook his hand, I noticed his palm was pleasantly cool. "This is my sister, Rosalie," the blonde girl nodded once, unsmiling. "And my two foster brothers, Emmett and Edward Cullen." The bodybuilder stood up with a grin and walked around the table to shake my hand. How old were these kids, forty? My robot theory seems ― Wait, no, rude. Bad. Okay. "Emmett Cullen, nice to meet you." Before I could reply, there was a great grinding of metal on linoleum. The other boy, Edward, had pushed away from the table. His smile had been replaced with a blank, cold expression. He rose and turned in a swift motion that made me flinch. In the next breath, he made a beeline for the door, emptied his tray, and left. Uh. "Don't mind him. He's a stickler for getting to class on time," Jasper said. This was comforting; I had been worried that I'd offended Edward. "Oh, that makes sense. Is class starting soon?" I dug out my schedule. "Hey Jasper, we're taking off. Nice to meet you, Bella." Emmett pulled back the chair for the blonde girl, and they left. (No, seriously, how old are these people?) "What class do you have next?" asked Jasper. "Uh..." I glanced over my schedule. "Biology II with Banner." His smile seemed a little fixed. "Ah. Edward's there now. Too bad he left so soon. I'll walk you there. It's not far from my next class." As I followed him, I noticed Jessica and Lauren staring in my direction with wide eyes. They were whispering frantically. Ah. This was going to be a long, awkward year... entirely by my fault.