Alice is stuck so far up Jasper's ass that she doesn't know which way is up. We'll make this work, sweetheart. Trust me." Bella bit her lip and Carlisle groaned at the sight. Before she knew it, she was flat on her back and Carlisle was on top of her again, balls deep inside her wet heat, harder than before. They both groaned, a tangle of arms and legs on the disheveled bed, and forgot about everybody else but each other. *.*.* Bella lifted her backpack higher up on her shoulder as she climbed out of the cab. Looking up at the beautiful chrome and glass building, she couldn't help but smile. She was having the time of her life in Seattle. She had always enjoyed school and college was no different. She loved the freedom she had, no parents to tell her when to be home, no having to raise her hand for a hall pass to use the restroom. It was bliss. Living in the dorms was a bitch, but she couldn't get out of that situation since all freshman were required to live on campus. Alice was her roommate, and as much as she loved her friend, the chatter and constant visits by Jasper made studying difficult. Back in high school, she had breezed through her studies, but college was a bit more challenging, requiring more focus than before. Bella found herself only in her dorm to sleep now, instead spending her time outside of class in a library or a coffee shop where she could pay attention to what she was reading. She made her way into the building, nodding at the doorman as she breezed by, getting onto the elevator and choosing the top floor. She leaned against the wall, counting the floors as she moved up. Bella grinned as the doors opened and she stepped out into the hallway, reaching into the front pocket of her bag for her key. She made her way to the last door on the left, inserting the key into the lock. She never got the chance to turn the key, though. The door flew open and she was dragged into the condo and shoved up against the now closed door before she could blink. She moaned as a hot, needy mouth covered hers while hands worked in quiet desperation to remove her backpack and jacket. He didn't even bother with removing her flirty little sundress and panties. Strong arms lifted her off her feet and a hand shoved her panties aside seconds before a hard, throbbing cock invaded her in the most delicious way. Her head fell back against the door in ecstasy as Carlisle set a fast, furious pace. She clung to him tightly, bouncing up and down against the door helplessly, until her pussy clenched tightly around him and an explosion of sensation tore through her. Her scream combined with Carlisle's lusty growl filled the air as he came inside of her, biting her earlobe as he finished with a few gentle thrusts. Breathless, he pulled back to look at her, not letting her down and remaining inside of her. His beautiful smile made her smile in return and he leaned forward to kiss her with passion and adoration. "What do you think of the new place, Pretty Girl?" He asked, placing sweet, gentle kisses all over her face. "Well I love the entryway," she teased, squeezing her muscles and causing him to groan and harden inside of her again. Their affair had continued through the rest of Bella's senior year and the following summer. Carlisle had been right; Alice never noticed anything different as consumed with Jasper as she was, and Esme was none the wiser. When it was time for Bella to head to Seattle for college and unbeknownst to his wife and daughter, Carlisle had purchased a condo a few miles from campus. He had sent the key to her in a box of medical texts, claiming that if she was going into Pharmaceutical Engineering, she would need to read up. Carlisle still lived and worked in Forks, but he had started doing some consultations at UW Medical Center, which required his presence in Seattle for a few days every couple of weeks. And since Esme had turned her Interior Design firm into a full time business since Alice left the nest, she never came up with him. Bella knew she should feel guilty, but she couldn't bring herself to worry about it. Being with Carlisle made her happier than she had ever been. Besides the outstanding sex, they could sit for hours and talk about his work and her classes and it never grew old. She loved picking his brain and he was always in awe of her knowledge. Despite the 22 year age gap, they behaved as equals and Bella was going to enjoy every second of it. Like now. As she teasingly squeezed her pussy around his hard cock, Carlisle growled again and carried her away from the door to the kitchen, laying her on the kitchen table without pulling out of her. "So that was the entryway," he murmured, leaning down to brush his lips over hers. Bella giggled. "And this is the kitchen." Her giggle turned into a scream as he pulled almost all the way out before slamming back into her, pushing the table back a few feet with the force of his movement. Oh yeah, there was no room for guilt in Bella's heart. Not when it was this full of Carlisle. *O*o*O* Things to Remember: - All stories are ANONYMOUS and any reference to who the author is will result in the story being disqualified from the contest. - Feel free to pimp the contest! - Follow the contest on Twitter or join the Facebook group! - Public Voting begins February 23, 2016. Thank you for reading! Please feel free to leave a review so the author will know what you thought of their story!