– which, in turn, made Edward cringe a little himself. "The things which were done... as regrettable as they were, showed that she had to care about him…" "He didn't seem to care about her, though," Jasper countered. "He just left her to do what Victoria asked..." "Victoria didn't really come across as someone you could say 'no' to," Carlisle pointed out. "And we all saw how determined she could be if she put her mind to it. I'm not sure how much of a choice Laurent had..." "He didn't seem to have been forced to go back to Forks," Edward growled. "No, but even if he was, he wouldn't have acted that way," Carlisle said. "But Laurent would know better than anyone just how dangerous Victoria could be after however long it was that they had known each other. He probably wouldn't pose a threat to us if... if he didn't have outside influences." He said the last part gravely and was saddened that he had nothing he could say to save the others. Still, he wasn't going to let this same fate befall Laurent, too, if he could help it. "Think about this, Edward, if he really is Irina's mate and you kill him... it would be the same as if you were never able to meet Bella," Esme said. "You were happy enough before, but you can't ever be truly happy until you meet her," she smiled there and said in a softer voice as she smiled at him. "You didn't even have to meet her. Just hearing about her has changed you so much... made you come alive. "Do you really want to stop Irina from having that –" Esme asked, pleading again, " – from having a chance to be truly happy?" "When you say it like that, it's hard to argue with you," Edward sighed. Indeed his resolve on this matter was wavering. "And yet, I still don't like the idea of leaving him alive." "But is it really your, or I should say our, choice to decide who lives or dies?" Carlisle asked. Edward stared at Carlisle, thinking about his earlier days when he had hunted humans, and how killing even those monsters had weighed down heavily on him. Still, he gave Carlisle the best answer he could. "Then, I'll make it his choice. I'll let Laurent decide if he wants to side with the others or if he wants to find happiness with a mate. It's the best I can do." "I understand," Carlisle said and Esme smiled. She seemed to think that there was only one choice that Laurent would make. "When are we leaving...?" "We... as in me, Jasper, and Emmett," Edward said pointedly and heard Alice growl at him in her thoughts. "... and Alice too… are going to leave as soon as possible." "You don't want us all to come?" Carlisle said. "No," Edward said. He didn't want to put Carlisle through any more pain than he knew he was already causing him. Carlisle nodded at him, unsure if it was better that he went or didn't. Sitting at home didn't exactly feel right to him, but he wasn't going to argue. "So, I'm not allowed to come," Rosalie said, narrowing her eyes. She didn't like the thought of not being near Emmett and she wasn't opposed to helping out either. "Jasper thinks it would be better if we have smaller numbers – that way, they won't be too afraid of meeting us," Edward said. "Don't blame me," Jasper hissed, as he felt Rosalie's anger directed at both of them. "But James likes a challenge," Rosalie hissed. "I'm sure he'll love being outnumbered like this." "Yes, but Victoria might sense our intent and the fact that we pose a real danger to them and will try to avoid us," Edward replied. "Again, this is what Jasper thinks..." Jasper and Rosalie growled in answer to that, though for different reasons of course. "You had better not be gone too long," Rosalie snapped at Edward, but then looked at Emmett, sadly. "Don't worry Babe, we'll be back before you know it," Emmett said, winking at her. "Besides, you can occupy your time by thinking about the little nudger and how you're going to spoil her when you get to meet her." "Hm... I like that idea," Rosalie had to admit with a smile. "But still, hurry back." Emmett wrapped his arms around her, and even though he was excited for the coming fight – hoping that Laurent would put up some kind of struggle, whatever his choice might be – he still didn't like the thought of leaving Rosalie behind. Even for this short amount of time, it was painful to think of. But this was something that had to be done to protect his family, so he would just have to endure. A/N: Okay, first thing I have to say is that I don't know anything about Stephenie Meyer (in fact I made her letter sound mostly like myself) but I was told (and rightly so I think) that she was the only one that could have written these books so I had to use her as the author. Second, I'm not sure if everything here worked out exactly how I had envisioned this, especially the second part were they discussed going after the nomads, but it's what I came up with. And thirdly, I just want to say that it's a lot easier for me to come up with commentary for what the characters are going to say and I'm sure how good the version of things is going to be. I think I have a pretty good understanding of the characters from doing these four books, but it's still going to be harder for me to make things up. Anyways, like I said at the end of the last chapter, I'm not going to be updating this for a week, but Midnight Sun should be up soon.