have to ask, like he did in the first place, but did because it was too epic not to share anymore. And maybe too unfair after our game. "I fucked Alice," he repeats, but, just like the first time, it's to me, not them. "She was there when I came to. And you weren't. And I just... I don't know, I was still shitfaced..." " Truth or dare, Jasper." Alice still wants to play, too. And he doesn't deny her. "And that did have something to do with it... but only in the way that it gave me the courage. To do something I already wanted to do." "You acted surprised..." I start, "when she..." But then I see what the truth really is for myself. "You didn't know. And you didn't do it to get back at me." "No," he admits, "I didn't. That night or any of the others since." "You're still fucking her." I say it as a statement because there's no question in my mind. "Yes," he says, not even decorating it with an apology. But that undecorated yes isn't enough for Alice. "My curfew is later than yours. Much later. And every night, after he gets you home in gentlemanly time, he comes to pick me up. To spend not ." I'm shocked, but not sick to my stomach like I should be. And not fighting tears or feeling broken at being betrayed, even though I'm guilty of it, too... And that shock is what brings my next question. To Alice. "Why didn't you tell him?" "I didn't have to," she says simply. And smugly. " After ," I clarify. "Why not put it all out there? Don't you want him to yourself?" I know she does. "YES," she makes sure I do, "but I couldn't resist sharing him for awhile... because you not knowing that you were sharing him... well, that was EPIC." "Well, he's all yours now," I tell her, and grab my purse and leave the house. Jasper's house. Because his parents left for this weekend this morning. One my dad didn't know about... And one that I won't spend any way he wouldn't approve of. Now that I know the truth. Was dared to it by choosing it. The truth that I feel behind me now. Running after me. And pulling me... Like a magnet. "I'm sorry, Bella." And that I turn around to face. "For what?" "What they did to you." "And you?" I ask him, praying that that truth won't hurt. "No. I'm not sorry for that. For what I did... to you." "Good," I tell him. "Because I'm not, either. And I want you to do it again." He smiles...and my legs nearly buckle at the beauty of it. "I want to," he tells me. His re-hired Press Agent. And star, perhaps, at the same time, that he thinks is in need of her own. Amongst other things. And better. "But not tonight. Because when I do it again, I want to do it better. And right. And with nothing else in the way. Or leading." "There's already nothing else in the way," I tell him, trying to take that lead, because I want him to know that that's the truth I feel. "Yes there is," he pushes, pulling me closer while he does. Not in a literal sense, but... well, in a different. Because he is. Different from what everyone thinks. Everyone but me. "It's that lie I've been living. And the one I've wanted to stop living since the moment I walked you to your door. Or chased you." "How about a compromise, then?" I ask him. "Since you want to... "I'll wait for you to do it again, and you won't have to chase me to my door. To prove anything. Or show me." "Can I escort you to it now?" he asks, and not just because he knows I've been left stranded again by someone having too much fun. And also not for that reason, I say "Yes." And take his hand that doesn't reach for mine this time by accident. And get into his car so that he can take me home. And to my front door... That I'll open when we reach... To invite him inside. While I wait for him to redefine what that is. Him... And give it to me in every way he wants to. Including that better... That was the answer to that question I was asked. When I chose truth. xx So... as I said up above, this was written for the Fandom for Oklahoma. And, when I started it, was intended to be just that, and just a O/S. BUT... before I even got to the end of it, I saw, and heard (the screaming of) the potential for it to be more than that. And, though I haven't let myself write any more yet (I'm already struggling with my smaller-than-it-once-was-but-still-overflowing plate), I'm kind of dying to. This would be a little different for me, writing a Bella and Edward so young... yes, they were still teenagers in When You Close Your Eyes, but I don't think they were typical ones. And grew up pretty fast... And, though in a different way than I did with them, I think I could have a lot of fun with these two. So, I guess the point of this is, I'd like to know what you guys think? Is it something you'd want to read? Did you like this at all? Did where I left it (I think my brain made me leave it there on purpose) leave you wanting any more? Or should I just keep whatever I decide to add to myself? I have other things I've written but never shared... thinking no one else would be interested... So...? What do you think? I'm going to let you guys decide. Really I am. And, regardless of your decisions, thanks for reading this. Story, I mean. ;) xo