the same, feeling his hard muscles against my back. He was singing softly, his voice surprisingly pleasant, and I closed my eyes, wondering if I should wear a flower in my hair when we got to Haight-Ashbury. "This song is shit." Eric complained, bursting through our peaceful moment. "It's almost as bad as 'California Dreamin'." Edward laughed, his chest rising up and down against my spine, his deep chuckle resonating through my ears. I cracked open an eyelid and stared over at Eric. A scowl marred his whole face. "What sort of music do you like?" Tyler asked him. "None of that hippy crap. I prefer rock; Beatles, The Stones. That sort of thing." "I hear George Harrison is in Haight-Ashbury," Ben remarked, turning his head around. I opened my eyes fully and saw his hand holding the large steering wheel, his grip easy and relaxed. "He's brought Patti Boyd with him." "No way!" Eric leaned forward, his head almost touching the back of Angela's seat. "Do you think we'll see him?" Ben shrugged. "Maybe, I've no idea. You'll find all sorts of people playing music in the streets there. Just keep your eyes open. Right, Edward?" I turned to look at him. His face was so close to mine it was hard to focus. His breath danced softly against my skin, and I had to remind myself to exhale right along with him. "Right," he agreed, his eyes never leaving my face. "But you want to be careful, too. I know it's all about free love and happiness, but there're some assholes there who've just arrived for a fight." "Have you been staying in Frisco?" I asked him, my voice just creeping out past the nervous lump in my throat. "I helped out at the Free Clinic for a few weeks before staying at Ben's," he replied. "Edward's studying medicine," Ben added. "Although, his dad has threatened to disown him, so I hear." Edward laughed, a deep chuckle that warmed my blood. "My father's a congressman. He doesn't take too kindly to my spending time in Haight." I mouthed an "oh" and watched his eyes darken as he stared back at me. His grip around my waist tightened, and I found myself wanting to wriggle against him again. This wasn't good. "Do you want to be a doctor?" Eric asked, his attention drawn away from the music. "All that blood and guts? Man, so cool." "Eventually," Edward agreed. "I finished pre-med this year. Then once I'm back, I hope to complete my studies." "Back from where?" I questioned, finally finding my voice. "Vietnam." The car turned silent. The word was like a gag; it stopped us all from speaking. I felt the nausea rise in my stomach as I considered this beautiful boy fighting in Asia. "You're going to 'Nam?" I eventually whispered. He nodded. He wasn't the first boy I knew who went to fight. My cousin was drafted a year before, and I remembered hugging him as he walked toward the station, his hair shorn close to his scalp, his uniform strangling his hulking body like a snake wrapping around a neck. He didn't come back. "Bella's anti-Vietnam," Eric interjected, ignoring the angry glare I shot him. "She and Angela arranged a demo at our school. Bella even wrote it up in the school paper." Angela laughed. "You took the photos to accompany Bella's article, Eric, so don't play the innocent." Eric spluttered, "Only because Bella threatened to castrate me if I didn't." It was true. I'd wanted some candid photographs to accompany my words, not that we were even allowed to print it. We did manage to sneak into the school one evening and send a few copies through the press, though. I still had one at home, tucked under my mattress, ready to show to whomever ran the newspaper at Cal State. "She certainly looks like a big threat," Tyler agreed, a twinkle in his eye. He didn't speak much, but when he did, he made me smile with his deadpan wit. "No wonder you bent over and took it like a man." Edward leaned forward and whispered in my ear. "I'd like to see that article." His breath tickled my neck, and I had to hold myself very still. I had the strongest urge to lean back until his lips touched my skin. "We've all got copies." Angela turned around and looked at us, her eyes widening when she saw how close we were sitting. She cleared her throat. "So why are you going to fight, anyway? You don't look like the military type." Edward shrugged. "I'm not, but I refuse to let my father buy me out of service. If going to Vietnam is good enough for the rest of America, then I'm not running away to Canada." "When do you go?" My voice was rougher than I'd thought. "I start basic training in September." So soon. I was spending this last summer before college getting worked up about leaving home and becoming an adult. Meanwhile, Edward Cullen was about to fight a war he didn't necessarily agree with, and the thought made me feel small. "You take care out there." I twisted in his lap and touched his shoulder. His skin burned beneath the thin cotton of his t-shirt. He glanced down at my hand and then back at my eyes before nodding. It was enough. Thank you all so much for reading. This story was inspired by a photo sent to me by MidnightCougar. I started to write a one-shot and then kept on going. I plan to post once a week, but I've never been the most patient of people, so you may see faster updates! SunflowerFran betas, and Mid, Sparrow and Pates pre-read. Thank you guys for your support. Finally, the lovely SparrowNotes24 made the best banner I have ever seen for this story. I adore it and her. See you soon, and have a great week. Choc xx