as I got to the cafeteria and sat with my family. No one really said anything until Alice spoke up. "You guys, I have a really bad feeling. Like something is gonna go wrong today. I don't know… I just can't shake it…"She looked really worried. "Alice calm down. Nothings gonna go wrong." Rose said while rolling her eyes. "Seriously Rose, I'm not kidding. Remember last time I had a bad feeling? That's the day Mom and Dad said we were moving. It's like that but 10 times worse." "It's ok Alice, everything will be fine. Don't worry." Jasper tried to console her. The cafeteria was eerily quiet, and Eric Yorkie walked in. Perfect time to get Alice's mind off of her bad 'feelings'. We walked up to Yorkie, ready to break him down. As I got close to him I noticed Swan sitting at a table to my right. I didn't notice her before. Oh well, I'll get her later. I started on Eric, giving him grief for being late at 'my school' then decided to make fun of his greasy hair and pimpled face. He looked jumpy and held his backpack close to him. Something was wrong... Maybe this is what Alice as talking about. I decided to overlook it. "What's the matter Yorkie? Are you tired of hearing the truth? Have you finally had enough?" I sneered at him. Bad move. "SHUT UP! JUST SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UP !" Eric screamed. As he spoke he threw his backpack down on the ground and lifted his hand towards my face. I froze, my eyes zeroing in on the gun in his hand. I heard several screams from behind me and saw Swan jump up. The gun was pointed straight towards me as Yorkie shook with rage and fear. I stared moving backwards when Yorkie went off again. "DON'T MOVE! DON'T MOVE OR I'LL… I'LL KILL YOU!" No... This can't be happening. I wasn't ready to die. I heard a small whimper come from Alice. I brought my hands up in front of me and went completely rigid when I saw Yorkie's eyes. He was going to kill me. I could tell. I was going to die. I couldn't die! I had a family, Esme, Carlisle, my siblings. This can't be real. Yorkie slowly moved towards the cafeteria doors and shoved a table in front of them, never looking away from me. Why wasn't anyone helping us? Just as I thought that, policemen and my father came and stood outside the door. Whoever called the police must have told them that they would need an EMT and a doctor, because Carlisle had his medical bag. He also must have not been giving any details because when he looked up and saw the five of us in front of Yorkie he stopped talking to the officer and looked at us with wide, fearful eyes. I faintly remember Yorkie screaming something before lowering the gun towards my chest. My breathing hitched. No, please God, no. I closed my eyes briefly and when I opened them, I saw Swan getting up and moving towards Yorkie. Great. She was going to help him. She was probably going to take the gun and shoot me herself. Eric looked over to her, as she began to speak in a calm voice that contrasted the loud shouts of Yorkie. "Eric... Eric, what are you doing?" What was she doing? She was going to get us killed! "What does it look like I'm doing, Bella? I'm solving all our problems! He won't mess with us any more! I'll be free! I won't have to deal with this constant shit anymore! He's just getting what he deserves. WHAT THEY ALL DESERVE!" he screamed, waving the gun around and earning a few terrified screams from behind me. "Eric. Eric, please. Just put the gun down, no one has to get hurt." What? She was helping us ? "WHAT ARE YOU SAYING BELLA? YOU'RE SIDING WITH THEM ? AFTER EVERYTHING YOU'VE BEEN THROUGH? AFTER EVERYTHING THEY'VE PUT YOU THROUGH? THEY TREATED YOU WORSE THAN ME, AND YOU'RE HELPING THEM?" He was right, why she helping us? After everything she has been through because of us she should be angrier than him. "I know Eric, I know. Edward's an ass-hole," wow. I wasn't expecting that. Maybe she wasn't trying to help… Although it was true… "He should be punished, they all should, but that doesn't mean they deserve to die , Eric." I don't know if anything she was saying was registering in his head, but she was doing a hell of a lot more than any of us were. "BUT THEY DO! THEY DO BELLA DON'T YOU SEE THAT? THE ONLY WAY THEY'LL WILL STOP HURTING PEOPLE IS IF I HURT THEM!" I could see his finger on the trigger twitching. This was it. He was going to kill me. "No Eric! That's not true! Do you really want to go to jail? Or worse, as soon as you pull that trigger, the police are going to barge in her and shoot you. Do you want to die? Are they worth dying for?" she had a point. "I guess we'll have to find out." He whispered. He lowered the gun towards my chest and pulled his finger back slowly. "ERIC NO!" I saw Swan run towards Yorkie smacking his hand towards the ground. I heard the gun fire and then saw it fly across the room, the two of them falling to the ground. I heard the screams of my family and saw the policemen and my father running into the room. I saw Yorkie being ripped from the ground and handcuffed as the dragged him from the room. I looked down at my stomach. I wasn't dead. I wasn't shot I looked up with relief until I saw my father kneeling over Swan, who had blood soaking through her shirt. She was lying on the floor unconscious.