with obviously designer clothing which meant they had some serious cash. I watched in amazement as another movie-like couple followed them, a taller girl this time with long brown hair and a guy with gravity defying, spikey hair. Again, very beautiful and wearing expensive clothes. All four of them also had pale skin, probably because the lack of sun around here. "Who are they?" I couldn't help, but asked as Jessica was more than willing to spill the gossip. "Yeah, they are hard to miss. Those are the Cullens' kids, adopted by Dr. Cullen and his wife. Both of them are pretty young, but I guess they didn't mind adopting older children. Even though it's so weird that four of the five are couples." "Come on, Jessica. Don't be jealous. You're just jonesing for Edward and his hair. It's not like any of them are related to each other." Mike explained before turning to me. "The little one and the blonde are Alice Cullen and Jasper Hale. Like Jessica said, they're a couple. The other two are Edward Cullen and Emma Cullen. I admit, it's a bit weird that they both chose to take their adopted parents last name, but everyone knows they're not related." "Oh, that's cool. I agree, nothing wrong with that." So weird. "But wait, Jessica. You said five, I only see four." Jessica and the other girl sitting with us both rolled their eyes as the guys chuckled at their reaction. Jessica looked at me before motioning to the door. "Don't worry, she's coming. Much to these horn dogs appreciation, she likes to make a solo grand entrance." My eyebrows furrowed in confusion. I had no idea what she meant until the glass doors opened one more time and I found my breath stolen away from me. I could see now what Jessica meant as most guys turned to watch her enter the cafeteria. I never seen a girl like her before. Her blonde hair bounced in wave over her shoulders. Supple, pale pink lips accented her beautiful pale face and her eyes. Her golden eyes shined like gold as she walked over to her family's table, the curves of her body obvious to everyone in the large room. "I see what you mean." I finally said something after a few minutes of staring like an idiot. Jessica rolled her eyes again as she looked over to her friend. "Another one under her spell. That's Rosalie Hale, twin sister to Jasper and the Ice Queen of Forks High." the girls laughed as I watched the Cullen teenagers sit at their table, not eating their food for some reason. Suddenly, Rosalie's head whipped towards our table, staring down the girls as they quickly shut up and looked down at their food. I couldn't help, but laugh at their embarrassment as the blonde goddess silenced them with only a look. Then, for some reason...she looked at me. I was in a trance as Rosalie's icy stare pierced right through me, as if she was trying to concentrate on something. A strange look appeared on her beautiful face as her thin eyebrows rose up in what I could only say was confusion. Maybe she was trying to figure out who I was. I was the new guy after all in school. But this look, it wasn't curiosity. It was as if she were trying to understand some kind of puzzle. Her reaction got more strange as her face slowly contorted into another look. Almost like...if she was starving for something. If that made any sense, it didn't to me. Then, one of the other girls had a strange look on her face. Alice, I think it was. As if she were daydreaming or something. She quickly looked at me in surprise, similar to Rosalie's, but not as threatening. Rosalie looked over to Alice just as quick and a shocked look appeared on her face as if she saw something horrible. What in the hell was going on over there? Seriously. By now, all the Cullens were looking over at me. No one else at my table noticed, just me as I shifted nervously in my seat. Did they think I was some kind of pervert or something? Staring over there like an idiot. Great, my first day and I was about to be labeled a creep. Seriously! Suddenly, Rosalie got up and left her table and dumped her full tray of food into the trash. Instead of going to the doors that she came through earlier, she started to walk over to the other set of doors behind my table. Great, here it comes. She's going to say something to me in front of everyone about staring at her like a perverted creep. A beautiful woman about to cut my balls off. Things couldn't get any worse. She passed around our table and stopped just a foot away from me, not looking at my scared face. Rosalie just looked ahead and took in a deep breath before her body shook ever so slightly. By this time, everyone else at my table noticed the most beautiful girl in school standing near me and quickly became quiet. Watching to see what she wanted and why she was there. I was scared shitless. I didn't know what the hell was going on. I was just so confused as I watched her close her eyes as if she was focusing on something. Finally, she stopped trembling before slowly turning her head to the side and looked down at me with a blank face. Her eyes gently opened, revealing a pair of dark brown eyes that weren't there before. My new friends were deathly silent as they watched Rosalie stare at me. Her adopted brothers and sisters watching as well, tensed and looked like they were about ready to jump in a second's notice. And then much to everyone's surprise, she gave me the tiniest smirk on her supple, pale lips. "Welcome to Forks."