something the hold on to. Ugh for fucks sake what am I crazy—no, you're horny as hell—I'm a fucking pig—no you're a man, so comfort your woman—she ain't my god damned woman she is probably emotionally distraught and self conscious from her ass of an ex—she wants comfort then! The comfort of you dic—I don't want her to do this because she feels a driven lust over what's happened tonight, I don't want to take advantage of her…but my God she is something else—she is hot…damn hot. "What?" I let my hand caress the back of her head, she hummed in approval of my advances. Holy hell. Her lips traced my ear, "Kiss me? Please?" Leah's throaty voice spilled out over my entire body. I felt like I couldn't live without her in that same second. She is just…wow. The room fell to a quick silence other than the crackle of the fire as our noses touched softly, as my mind continued to combat with itself. I became hesitant and thank goodness she did not pick up on it. Instead she growled and captured my lower lip with her teeth. Impatient eh? I let out a rough sigh and sat up straight pulling her body over and down onto me. Our lips crashed against each others with such intensity and strength I thought I was hurting her so I pull back only to watch with amazement as she ground herself down onto me and groaned. Her fist was bawled up around the collar of my t-shirt and all I could do was let my jaw slack. I traced her jaw line with wet, open mouthed kisses and clutched her breast, there was such a firmness and softness to her entire body, was almost like butter. Touching her body makes my stomach tingle, my heart beat faster, it makes my mouth water... Touching Leah's body makes me feel connected to her, to her raw feelings and her thoughts. I can sense her excitement and pleasure by how her body reacts to my touch... I traced my tongue on the entrance of her mouth. She opened and granted me what I craved. I let out another strangled groan when she pressed her heat against my painfully hard erection. We moved so perfectly together, all just so perfect. "Fuck Leah," my voice was muffled by her collar bone as she nibbled on my ear lobe. This didn't even feel real. My mind was absolutely spinning, this is just bliss. All I could think about was how our bodies bumped together as we picked up the pace. I move my hands down her back and feel her take a deep breath. I thought she would stop, but she didn't. I felt her lips against mine as we grew more intense, I could hear her begin to breath heavily. She pushed her body even tighter than I thought possible. Her tongue fought my own. She won. The way her tongue moved with her lips in perfect sync made my heart race. She bit my lip then, I felt her smile as she reached between our bodies, not too fast either, she was feeling her way down entirely. I bent my head down to bite on her nipple through her shirt and bra softly, successfully getting the reaction I wanted. Leah gasps, "Oh, Edward!" She repeated over and over until her movements stopped. I looked up searching for an unspoken answer. Did I go too far? Does she no longer want to? "Oh my God!" her scratchy voice weeped. "You must think I put out so fucking easily! What am I doing?" Her soft hands ran through her hair as she looked into my eyes pleading for something. My sweet Leah, I wanted to cradle her in my arms. I knew I shouldn't have done this. I feel like I just added to her pain. I shook my head quickly, my mouth hanging open. "No! No! Of course not! Leah, it's fine really. We don't have to, you are beautiful you really are somethin' else. My God, never would I ever think that shit about ya!" She crashed into my chest, heaving. "I'm so sorry!" For what?—fucking shit I'm hard as a cucumber. "I'm such an idiot!" I shook my head and furrowed my brows. "Stop calling yourself that—" "I am!" She shouted. "I am!" Her voice cracked painfully. "Stop it," I hushed. "You are not." I held her in my arms and rocked back and forth. I hummed to her a song that we had sung for our EP it was called make me dream of you . "Leah," I whispered. "Just hold me tonight," she buried her face in my throat. I let out a throaty laugh. "I kinda have to, I don't want you to get cold." Oh sweet lord. "Is that all?" She questioned. I smiled against her hair. "I want to be able to wrap my arm around you, Leah," I whispered. "I've never found any woman so damn attractive before in my life." She raised her head to watch my eyes intently. "I kissed you because I wanted to, not because you asked—well I needed the permission but you get what I'm sayin'," I stuttered. Leah grinned and kissed the tip of my nose gently. "I want you, but I'm so scared." I hugged her tighter wanting to give her everything I had. She is so flawless to me. I want her all to myself. "I want you too, Leah. Please, let me make you feel good." She tugged on my hand. "Bring me to the bedroom, please." Sam can go wash himself in honey, let the bees get him. Okay so sorry to leave you with that cliff hanger! Review please, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this because I generally didn't think this would come out to be a good story. I'll continue with it only if you all want me to. So till next time! -A