the living room. Jacob was softly breathing, but their keen hearing could catch a hitch every now and then. Carlisle came down after a while, and he immediately took notice of the fact that Jacob was uncomfortable. The wolf had turned on his side at sometime, and was close to falling off the sofa if he shifted a little more. The doctor once again pressed against the wolf's chest, making sure that the hitching was not caused by something healed incorrectly, but rather because of being in an awkward position. "Someone raise him a little." His request was answered by Emmet, who very gently slipped his hands under Jacob's shoulders and sat him up. "Be careful, he's a light sleeper." Bella warned. "I doubt he would wake up if a canon exploded next to his head tonight." Nonetheless, Jasper moved to hold the wolf's head, keeping it from flopping back and forth "Anxiety can make an already light sleeper wake up if somebody steps on a creaky floorboard." Edward pointed out with a small smile of his own. "He's exhausted Edward, I seriously doubt he'd be able to be awake for long even if he did wake up." Alice defended her husband's earlier statement. Carlisle let them banter while he adjusted two pillows against the arm of the sofa. The position would make him more comfortable and wouldn't hinder his breathing at all. The two brothers lowered the wolf into the pillows, and everybody watched as Jake practically melted into them, a sigh escaping his lips as he slipped into a deeper sleep. Not even five minutes passed before he started to gently snore, and Bella couldn't help the huff of laughter as she noticed that Jacob was well and truly asleep. "Well, I'm off to haunt, anyone want to come with?" Alice was ever so blunt. It ended up that everyone went with her besides Edward, Bella and Rosalie. Bella stayed to keep an eye on both Renesmee and Jacob. Edward and Rosalie stayed just for Bella and Renesmee. It was almost 11pm when everybody came back in. Jacob hadn't even stirred, but startled awake when Alice bounced in, her heels clicking on the wooden floor. He was obviously still drowsy, but forced his eyes open to see what was happening. Carlisle was checking on him again, and Jacob offered a brief nod, telling the good doctor that he was okay before Alice presented the couple with a key. Huh, he wondered what that opened. When he saw them walk away, he dropped off to sleep again, still exhausted even after the long nap. The next morning he woke up early. At least early to his standards. It was only 9am. He trudged in the kitchen after having taken a shower, and was surprised to find a very delicious looking sandwich sitting innocently on the counter. It was large, and filled with everything he could think of. "It's not going to eat you, you know. It's for you to eat, there isn't anyone else who enjoys that food here." Rosalie came behind him, Renesmee sitting on her hip. "Thanks," He responded, taking the sandwich in a sure grip so that its contents wouldn't fall out. He followed the blond into the dining room, where Emmet was reading the newspaper while Carlisle poured over some papers. He leaned against the wall, practically wolfing down (no pun intended) his breakfast while watching Rosalie play with the kid outside. He was lost in his thoughts when the newlywed couple came in the room. "Wow, done already?" Emmet was clearly teasing. "Where's Renesmee?" Bella's inquiry almost caused Jacob to choke on his sandwich. "Blondie stole her." He responded with a shrug as he continued to eat. "Break a lot of stuff?" Jacob couldn't help the smile at Emmet's jab. "No." Bella shook her head with a somewhat sarcastic look on her face, and everybody laughed, before the damned phone rang. "Is that Charlie?" Did she really have to ask? "He's been calling twice a day." Edward's voice was but a murmur. "He's in a pretty rough shape." Jacob tried to edge her on, tried to make her have a little pity on her father. "Eventually we have to tell him you didn't make it." Carlisle butted in as well. "He needs to mourn Bella." Edward was trying to make her see reason, and Jacob couldn't help but nod along with him. "Okay we'll do it tomorrow." She sounded dejected, almost lost. "I'm gonna miss this place." Emmet sounded almost sad, if it wasn't for the smile on his face. "We'll come back, we always do." Carlisle's voice was heavy, and then it clicked. They were leaving. "Wait, nobody said anything about leaving." He couldn't get separated from Renesmee. He wouldn't get separated from Renesmee. "Once people believe Bella's dead, we can't risk anyone seeing her." Carlisle was trying to make him see reason now. "So you'll just, disappear?" He hated himself for how his voice broke in the middle of the question. "Jacob we don't have any other choice." Edward sounded almost sad. Jacob found himself nodding, but he didn't agree with them. He couldn't just let them go. Not after everything he'd gone through. He just had to tell Charlie. Not about vampires of course, but he could tell him about werewolves. With that thought in mind, he headed to the forest, ignoring their calls. They were doing this his way, consequences be damned. Umm, this was very random and a one time thing, so don't worry people who follow my other work, especially One Piece, I am going to write a couple of Night Shift ones then getting back to One Piece c= I hope you liked this, it was a very random musing that came to my mind when seeing the clip of Bella beating Jake. I love that scene XD So anyway, a Night Shift one coming soon! Disclaimer - I don't own Twilight, it belongs to Stephanie Meyer.