pictures of Jake, Embry, Quil, and Seth facing off against the big kids in a game of touch football at the beach before a bonfire when they were young teens. Every available surface was cluttered with newly-framed pictures. Pictures of his family, he realized, drawing up short. Bella had given him family for Christmas this year-had left pictures to show him and baked cookies to prove that there was someone who cared enough to make his house smell like a home. Everything she'd done was to remind him that he didn't need to be alone tonight-he had a family to be with. He stood there for a second in a daze, unsure of what to do. Would she really still want him to come to dinner after the way he spoke to her? ✫.¸¸ . *¨*. ¸ . *¨*.¸¸. *¨'* Bella was talking to Leah, explaining how the camera app on her phone worked and what she wanted her to do if, on the off chance, Paul actually showed up that night, when all the noise in the house suddenly ceased-everything but the tinkling background noise of A Charlie Brown Christmas playing on TV. Every human, every wolf, everyone , went completely silent. Standing just inside the front door-dressed in a pair of neat, dark-wash jeans and a charcoal grey shirt that Bella herself had bought, pressed, and left hanging on his closet door that afternoon in the hope that he would take the hint-was Paul Lahote. He wore an old, well-loved pair of motorcycle boots and looked like hot sex on a stick with the top few buttons of the shirt undone. He was the only guy she knew who somehow managed to look hotter wearing more clothes, rather than less. " Paul? " she whispered, not sure whether she could believe her eyes. He came ... He shifted to the side, shaking the fresh snow out of his hair and propping his back up against the door frame as he dropped his eyes to the floor, one booted foot kicked out against the opposite side, toes digging into the molding, "I got your note." "My note?" "The one you left under the mistletoe, by the cookies," he said as he held it up, twirling the sprig between his fingers. "Oh. Yeah, I figured," she said, stepping closer to give them the illusion of privacy in the silent room. "The house looks nice. I should have thanked you instead of snapping and trying to run you off again," he admitted quietly. "It's okay." "I didn't get you anything." "You came." "Yeah?" his eyebrows ticked up, in surprise. "Yeah," she smiled. He straightened up, clearing his throat, "Listen, if you're not doing anything-" He cleared his throat again, shifting nervously. "Fuck it," he muttered, snapping out of it and lunging for her suddenly. He pulled her into a hug. She stood awkwardly for a second, just a little terrified and not sure where to put her hands or if it was okay to hug him back. Then, relaxing minutely, she let her hands fall against his shirt, soothing up and down his lower back, mimicking his movements. "Thanks," he murmured in her ear, "For the cookies and ... everything." He leaned back and looked into her beautiful wide eyes-really looked for the first time-and reached up to tuck the sprig of mistletoe behind her ear. "You're welcome," she whispered, getting a little teary again and trying to brush it off as she pulled away, lifting her shoulder to her ear in a dismissive shrug. "It's just a few cookies. No big deal." The unshed tears in her eyes broke down that final barrier, the wall of the inner sanctum, the place he never let anyone into and he whispered apologetically, "I've been a dick." She lifted a hand cautiously, gently stroking from his temple down to his jaw as his eyelids fluttered in pleasure at her careful touch. She smiled, not the least bit surprised he hadn't actually apologized, and answered, "I know," and then she was kissing him as his lips parted on the beginning of a laugh. Then he was kissing her back. Click, Bella heard her phone and smiled at Leah's timing. This was a moment she never wanted to forget. ✫.¸¸ . *¨*. ¸ . *¨*.¸¸. *¨'* A/N: This one still makes me smile every time I read it. I hope you all still enjoy it as much I loved writing it! Got another holiday fic to recommend? Feel free to rec it with the title and author name in the reviews and share the joy of the season and fandom love with other readers. To my regular readers, my sincerest apologies for going so long between stories. I know I've fallen a bit off the radar lately. I've been writing TONS, though, including a return to writing my beloved Snowed In this month. I wrote 37 pages alone the first weekend I picked it up a few weeks ago and decided it was time to figure out what I planned to do with it and exactly where it was going. Hint: All the best, naughty places with a side-trip through some feels and angst, bad decisions, and misunderstandings that could have been avoided. I hope to get more of the other holiday one-shots I have that are mostly finished completed and posted this week, but Tricky Raven is running it's Third Annual Holiday Contest for Authors and Artists and I'm working on an Embrella story that I hope I can finish in time. Entries for that are still being accepted until December 31st, so there's time if you want to enter or you can just head over there to enjoy some new holiday feels and fluff. Thanks for reading! Coming Soon... "Quil…Honey…" she trailed off, pressing her lips together and biting down hard, trying to find a nice way to say 'your ass is going to have its own zip code soon'. -Bella, Muffin Top