one found her?" "Everything is fine bro, enough with the what ifs." The two bulky Quileute's open the door to Colt's Café and Bakery, the smell of food traveling up their nostrils. Embry's mouth waters at the scent. His inner wolf growls in hunger. The scent of the food in here smells just as, maybe a little better than Emily's "That phone call was pretty funny though—" Embry is cut off as he almost runs into Quil's back. He raises an eyebrow at his sudden stop and follows his eyes. Claire sits at a Piano with some other girl dressed in baggy clothes. "I don't know the rest of it." Claire pouts. The older girl reaches over and shows her what keys to play. "It goes like this." Her angelic voice speaks. "Now you try." She smiles slightly when Claire plays it successfully. "You got it now." "Again?" Claire grins up at the older girl. Quil finds himself smiling as well. Seeing Claire so happy makes his heart grow warm. That must be the girl he talked to on the phone. The older girl smiles and nods, the two beginning to play the Piano again. The piano produces the most relaxing and beautiful sounds they have ever heard. When the song ends, Quil and Embry clap loudly. Claire looks up and smiles, jumping off the chair and running into Quil's arms. Embry's eyes meet the other girl's gray orbs. Suddenly, time seems to slow and his world shifts. She is the most beautiful girl he has ever seen. Her pale eyes were like crystal, fanciful diamonds even, with a darker ring surrounding them. Her eyes are framed by long and dark lashes that make her already striking eyes even more so. She has the perfect nose and full pink lips. Her sandy blonde is wavy hair flows down her back like a waterfall. She's perfect. Oh how badly he wants to run his fingers through her hair. Oh how badly he wants to hold her and protect her from any harm. When Ava's eyes meet his, she can't tear them away, and strangely she doesn't want too. In her eyes, he is perfect. His sharp facial features and chocolate eyes are gorgeous. His t-shirt clings to his bulky muscles and his russet skin looks so smooth. There isn't a single flaw on him. He has to be the most attractive man she's ever seen. No, she needs to stop. She forces her eyes away and looks to the side, a small blush appearing on her cheeks out of embarrassment for staring. Quil looks back and forth between Embry and the girl. A knowing smile appears on his face. Ava's mom watches from behind the counter with interest. "I'm sorry, Quil! I won't run off again!" Claire looks up at Quil with watery eyes and he sighs, placing his hand on top of her head. "Just don't do it again." He replies with a warm smile. Claire nods and looks at Embry. "Uncle Embry!" She latches onto his leg, forcing him to look away from Ava. His imprint. "Hey Claire-bear." He replies, looking back at Ava. Claire giggles at the nickname. Ava stands up and bends down to get her skateboard. She walks over to the counter and pays for her and Claire's meal. She feels eyes on her the whole time, making her a little annoyed. "Oh, Ava you don't have to pay." Her mom insists. "It's fine." She replies and turns around only to come face to face or, face to chest with this Embry guy. He's very tall. She angles her head up to look at him blankly. Quil quickly walks over and pulls Embry back, getting him out of her personal space. Claire looks at Embry's and a sly smile appears on her face. "Hey, I'm Quil. Thank you for looking out for Claire." Quil reaches out his hand. Ava looks at his huge hand and places her much smaller one in his. She's shocked at how warm it is. After a friendly handshake she drops his hand. "No problem." "Uncle Embry do you like Ava?!" Claire jumps up and down excitedly. Ava's face morphs into disbelief and Embry looks at the young girl in shock. Quil puts a hand over Claire's mouth, silencing her. "Sorry about her." Quil smiles apologetically. Embry keeps opening and closing his mouth. He wants to speak to her so badly but he has no clue what to say. This is his soulmate for crying out loud! And not only that, he is jealous that Quil got to touch her before him. Ava shrugs. "It's fine. I gotta go, bye." She walks around the trio and heads towards the door. She is stopped by a small body tackling her from behind. "Wait! Will we hang out again?" Claire asks, tightening her grip on Ava. "Sure, we're friends now, aren't we?" Ava glances over her shoulder at the small girl, a smile playing on her lips. Embry falls in love with that smile. He wants to make her smile like that. Claire beams. Ava steps outside and drops her skateboard onto the concrete. The rain is picking up again. "Wait," Ava turns around to see this time it was Embry who spoke. "Do you need a ride home? It's pouring." Her eyes look into his again. It is like there's something trying to pull her over to him, to be close to him. She won't cave in. "No thanks." She forces herself to say. She turns away from him and steps onto her skateboard, propelling herself down the street. The cold rain pelts down on her. Embry watches Ava ride down the street. His heart clenches as his imprint grows farther and farther away. When she turned away from him, he had this feeling that she was hurting. Quil places a firm hand on his shoulder, earning himself a glare at his next words. "Congrats bro. Looks like you got a complicated one."