single emotion you could ever feel, anger, fear, happiness swirled and bubbled inside me begging for release. I could feel my body shaking, losing control to the magic that swam in my blood, even as I shouted at him. Watching his chocolate brown eyes widen in shock. He was taller than me and I was freakily tall and it felt weird to look up to someone after all the years looking down at Dan. He never went to New York. Why did that make me mad as hell? His hair falls into his eyes and he shakes his head slightly to move it out of the way but the hair remains in place. I have the urge to brush it away, to see if it feels as silky as it looks. "Never went!" I shout instead to keep my mind off thinking how unsettled I felt. "No I-" I couldn't listen to anymore. I couldn't stand here looking at my imprint. My future, my life had just been turned upside down. I run off feeling my body shaking and I make my way to the safety of the woods. Had I really felt like I wanted to imprint ever? Why? I was bound to this person now and forever in La Push. It felt too good to be home and surrounded by the guys again. But I ran away from all this, I needed to live my own life and I couldn't do it here where everything reminded me of the freedom I had when I was a wolf. I hated it, sharing thoughts and the danger of killing vampires; sure it was thrilling but who that was sane found that fun? And the control the alpha had over you! I didn't want that but I still missed the speed, the strength, the connection you had with nature. I feel the old out of control need to phase take over my body in a surge of heat. Then in explosion of clothes and fur I was four footed again. I feel myself calm slightly. Voices invade my head. " Leah?" Seth " What the hell?" Kellan one of the new wolves from the last major battle and Kim's older brother and shit Caleb's younger brother. " Caleb what about Caleb?" I hear Kellan ask distantly. I shake my head like I had first done when I heard the voices. But like then they remained. " Oh my God!" " Shit" I hear Seth and Kellan shout in surprise when I can't help but relive the last few minutes. I imprinted on Caleb Bell. I had been devastated even at 10 when he moved away and when his family moved back I had hoped he would be with them. Then maybe his smile could have found its way through my dark bitter heart and I would be happy again. But he hadn't. I thought he was in New York. I had given up hope he would return. I didn't know he had. If he didn't go to New York to study law, where had he gone then? I needed to know everything about him. The need to know everything was overwhelming. " He ended up with our grandmother; he got a job and studied art part time. He's an artist now he's doing ok, lives just on the edge of the rez" Kellan explains to me. I nod. Absorbing it all I smile. He always did like art. No wait a second…Anger takes the place of the bubbling happiness I had just experienced. Anger at him and of imprinting. Great just great I had imprinted on Caleb Bell an artist lay about. He was settled in La Push and scraped by on selling some paintings. He wouldn't want to leave and I would be stuck here. And he made me phase! Three years! Three years I remained two legged and without a muzzle but one look at him and bang I'm wolf girl again. The old familiar sour burn of bitterness fills my chest. I couldn't forgive this. " Caleb isn't a lay-" " Kellan south!" Seth suddenly interrupts. I focus automatically and my hearts almost stops. A sickly sweet scent burns my nose. Oh hell no. " Blood sucker" Kellan growls. " Kellan chase it away from the rez head north, I'll meet you there, Leah cover Kellan" I blink feeling frozen for a second till Seth snaps again. "Leah!" I start to run hoping I remembered how to kill one it would really suck if I couldn't. Actually this all sucked! I had a feeling mom had a different reason for not coming out to see me this time. Why had everything turned so complicated? Life really did hate me. Caleb's P.O.V I listen half to the rest of my family and Embry and Erin, gush over Jared and Kim. My younger sister was going to have a baby. I was going to be an uncle. I was happy for them I hadn't seen a bond and love as strong as Jared and Kim before, and they deserved this happiness the beginning of their relationship hadn't exactly been perfect. But the rest of me was thinking of earlier with Leah. What had happened? Why did she react like she had, like she was angry at me for not going to New York? I didn't even know she knew I went to New York. But then mom did boast about it. What had I said? She looked at me like she hated me but for a second I had seen something else. Something softer before it was taken over by shock then anger. She was so angry she shook. But the bigger question was why all of a sudden did the feeling of something coming just go? I felt settled, like everything in my life had fallen into place. For the first time in years I felt like everything was going to be fine. And I was scared as hell.