Glad I could show you a good time." He leaned in, whispering in her ear. "Sleep well." Jake, wait!" The moment she saw him walking towards the door, it was as if her frozen senses kicked in. Jumping to her feet, she placed herself in front of him, blocking his exit. "I'm sorry, Jake." Grabbing his arm, tears trickling down her cheeks, she whispered. "I never realized…" Unable to talk, she threw herself into his arms, crying into his chest. His large hand caressed her head, another one encircling her waist. "I know, Bells," he brushed away her tears, whispering in her ear. "Just make sure this is what you want, OK?" "No, Jake. No more waiting. When you were away, I… I've never felt so empty before. Never in my life. I felt so lost… I just…" Raising on her toes, she looked into his eyes, placing a chaste kiss on his lips. "I was a fool not to realize it sooner. I… I… I love you, Jacob Black." "Bells, don't say it if you don't mean it. I won't…" He was cut off by her lips, this time more insistent. "Is that enough proof that I actually mean it?" She asked breathlessly, her eyes begging him to give her a chance. "If you say yes, there's no going back. I won't let you go. Ever." He warned her. "I don't want you to let me go, Jake. I want to be with you." Smiling, he captured her lips again, his kisses more gentle and sweet. His wolf purred with contentment, ready to claim its mate, but the man wanted to make it special. Picking her up, Jacob gently placed Bella on her bed, never once breaking the kiss. He took his time with her, helping her shed her clothes, ghosting his fingers lightly over the exposed part, making her gasp. Grazing his nails across her peaked nipples, his fingers trailed down further to circle her navel, and further down over the smooth sensitive flesh, making her pulse quicken. "I've been waiting so long for this, Bells. To make you mine." As his fingers entered her, his lips were on hers again, swallowing her breathy moan. He continued working her over, wanting to prepare her body for the intrusion, wanting to make it less painful. "Ugh… Jake… Oh God! " Bella cried out in ecstasy, her nails digging into his arms, breathing out his name just before he caught her lips in another searing kiss. Suddenly, Jacob felt urgent fingers tug at his fly. Bella hooked her toes into the waistband of his cut-off shorts and tried to push them down eagerly. "Whoa! Take it easy, Bells. I'm not going anywhere." Jacob was amused to see how hurriedly she was working. "Uh, we have a tiny problem here. I don't have a condom." "Don't care. I'm on the pill. Need you, Jake. Now. P-please." She panted, making him chuckle. The first thrust made her gasp in a not-so-sexy way, causing Jacob to worry. Not moving, he gave Bella time to adjust. He knew he was gifted down there, and judging by the look on her face and the tears streaming past clenched eyes, it wasn't a comfortable experience for her, but the wet heat tightly encompassing him was pure heaven—good enough to drive him over the edge. It took all of his willpower to not pound into her and wait patiently, but this was his Bells, and he'd never hurt her that way. "Jake… I'm f-fine. Move." It was all he needed to hear. Placing a kiss on her forehead, he moved his hips—gentle, shallow strokes. He could smell her everywhere, her essence seeping through and setting his whole being on fire. Heaven. She was pure heaven. The ambrosia drove his wolf crazy. "More. I can handle it. Please, Jake." Soon enough, he was seated deep in her, his hips setting a hungry rhythm against hers. It was more than just sex this time, a connection running deeper than just the physical pleasure, bonding two souls together in an inseparable tie. And when they finally finished together, Jacob was sure Bella felt the shift, too. The air around them was electric, something magical. Looking into each other's eyes, he could see it, the realization that there would never be anyone else for them. It would always be Jake and Bells. "Do you feel that?" Bella smiled at him, caressing his cheek. Her fingers felt soothing against his burning flesh. "Yeah, Bells. That was something else, huh?" He smiled back. Rolling off her, Jacob pulled her close, hugging her to his side. There were still a lot of things he needed to tell her. He probably should have told her he was a wolf beforehand, but Bella was good with weird, and that gave Jake a boost of confidence. "Umm… I need to tell you something." Doe eyes hooded with pleasure peered up at him. God! If she freaked out, Jacob had no idea what he'd do. He just got her. She's his and he refused to lose her now. But she deserved to know, and it's his responsibility to tell her. "Actually, uh… Do you remember the stories?" "Not now, Jake. Whatever it is, it can wait. We'll talk tomorrow. Please, just hold me." He won't keep her in the dark long, but one more night would be okay. "As you wish, Bells." "You must be some sort of sex God. You've drained me." Bella mumbled sleepily, making him chuckle. "Good night, Bells." Placing a kiss on her head, he closed his eyes, happier than ever before. Whatever her reaction would be, Jacob decided he'd find a way to make her stay. He wasn't going to let her go. Not this time, because this was exactly how he pictured his future. Going to sleep every night with Bella in his arms. ~FIN~ A/N : Thank you for reading. Thoughts and feels? Do share them. I'd love to know! :)