turned seven loved clinging to me. She kept calling me the 'white angel', which would have been cute if she had been younger and didn't know my full name, but as she was old enough to know better it just seemed too childish. Charlie gave me one look over then sent a glare in the direction of Carlisle. "I told you to look out for her," he grumped, his grey speckled beard bristling. Bella came up to my side, "Dad, leave it. We told you about the… real werewolves." Bella's dad nodded and his brown eyes met mine before he sighed heavily. "I did hear… I was sorry to hear about your dad," Charlie awkwardly shifted. Shrugging I looked around those gathered before we sat down to the Thanksgiving dinner. All of the Quileute women and the imprints were shuffling around various dishes, the Cullen women helping out at a human pace. I sat between Seth and Charlie for the meal, and it felt nice to eat with a table full of people so full of love for one another that it reminded me of the last time I was here. The Quileute's really did know how to make someone feel at home with them. That night there was a bonfire, the vampires went off to hunt together, Ren and Jake had gone off to be with the other wolves and imprints, which left me with "the old men" as Charlie joked. Billy taught me how to play cribbage last time and had to re-teach me, so I played with them late into the night, comfortable and full. "Are you getting a cold Eva?" Billy's ancient voice broke me from my concentration. "No why?" I asked, and the urge to sniffle was brought to my notice. "You've been sniffling a lot," Charlie commented, while making his move. "I have been pretty stressed lately, it isn't unlikely that I'd get sick, but I think Alice would have seen-you know," I thumbed my cards absentmindedly. "Maybe after this game we should all turn in," Charlie suggested covering a yawn with a fist. "Losing that badly huh?" Billy joked. Charlie hurumphed and leaned forward resting his elbows on the low table we were playing at. I lost all four games we played, no real surprise there. I listened to Charlie's snores as I was in the guest bedroom at his and Sue's place on the Res. Sniffling I cursed the fact Billy was probably right about me being sick. I got out of bed and carefully shuffled down to the kitchen, poured myself a glass of orange juice and grabbed the Kleenex box off the coffee table before heading back to bed. .~. The wind was wiping and it caused chills to go up my back. It was a nice sunny day as I trudged along behind Jared and Embry. Seth was horsing around with Quil and Jake in front of us. Bella was behind me holding Edwards hand and talking quietly about god knows what. I, personally, was excited to get to try cliff jumping. From how Seth described it, it seemed like a cheap, yet fantastic thrill. It was only cold when the wind pushed at me, almost making me wish I didn't have to peel off my coat. Jake shouted as Quil surprised him and pushed him off the edge, my gasp was simply out of instinctual reaction to seeing somebody being pushed off a cliff. "Did you seriously try this Bella?" I asked her. Looking in the distance along the coast I could see waves crashing violently against the rocky wall. It looked rather like a shocking thing to willingly do, fling yourself into the ocean where so many things could go wrong. My mind was quickly changing into the "not so sure this is a good idea" category. "I did," she sighed, and scrunched up her eyes trying to find that fuzzy human memory. "According to Jake the waves the day Bella did it were much bigger," Edward added. I scoffed at him mentally, and asked him if he knew Bella was crazy when he decided to marry her. He shoved me, causing Bella to raise a perfect brow at us. "You'll be down there to catch me?" I asked unsure, carefully edging closer to where the wolves were stripping off their shirts. "Seth already is," Edward reassured me nodding to the edge. Embry startled me when he gave a loud cry and ran from the higher spot and leapt. He looked like a tanned flesh rock hurtling through the air, and he had about as much grace as one when the waves swallowed him. Instinctually I backed up, right into Edward. Looking down into the water, I couldn't see Seth or Embry, OR Jake. I saw the water rushing up to me as if I was already falling and suddenly my knees hit the ground. A buzzing noise filled my ears as I taking in deep breaths. "Alice had said she'd be okay…" I heard Bella's concerned voice murmur. "She said she thought Evangeline would be okay, she couldn't actually see around the wolves…" Edward whispered back. Shaking my head I stood up, Bella helping me. Craning my neck out, my pony tail fell in front of me. This time I could see little things bobbing in the water. I saw Jake climbing the side of the cliff as easy as if he'd been walking. A gust of wind and the sharp smell of salt water stung my nose and I sharply backed away again. "Sorry," I murmured looking up into Edward and Bella's concerned faces. "Fearless Evangeline…" Edward hummed full of humor, Bella punched his arm for me, and I gave her a crooked grin as my stomach rolled when I heard some violent waves below crash against the stone again. "An Angel that is afraid of heights," Edward mused. "It's not the height," I breathed, then closed my eyes to calm myself, "It's the falling."