not sure if he dared to trust his guesses. "What-What do you mean Bella? Did you leave your wedding?" "Yes! I left everything, I couldn't do it." "You came here instead?" Yes, I did." "Why?" "Jake, you know why." Jacob felt hope, and warmth was starting to spread across his saddned eyes. He wanted to hear Bella say it, he wanted to be sure that he was right this time. "Say it" Bella took a deep breath, wanting to say the right words in this moment. It was the least she could do to him. "Jake, it's you I want, and I'm sorry it took me almost a whole wedding and quite a few painful heartbreaks to understand it but now I know. I choose you because you are my best friend, my sun, my happiness and my lover. I'm in love with you." Jacob was now standing so close to Bella that she could feel his warmth towards her own body. "Well what about him?" "I thought he was everything I ever wanted, but I understood that that person is the one standing in front of me right now. You" He smiled a happy and careful smile, his eyes were filled with tears which he wouldn't let fall down his cheeks. "I love you Bells." "I love you too Jake" Jacob slowly took his hands on each side of Bellas head as he planned for the kiss to go slow but Bella had other things in mind and threw her arms around his neck and crushed her lips against his. The kiss was long and filled with love and happiness. Both couldn't help but laugh and finally both of them let their tears fall down on their cheeks from the relief and love that they felt. They kissed again, and again. Soon Bella couldn't feel her feet anymore and the other bodyparts also not touching Jake was cold as ice. "Let's get you inside" Jacob carefully lifted Bella from the ground and walked towards his house. Jacob hands Bella one of his T-shirts and shorts. She can finally take off the now ruined dress, she washes off the rest of the makeup and is now feeling like herself again. Together they snuggle up against the couch. Bella is flipping through the television while she is resting her head against his chest. Jacob is not watching the TV. His eyes are only on Bella. Eventually they talk. They talk about the wedding. She truly explains her thoughts and why she so abruptly changed her mind. Bella did tell Jake that she deep down knew that she was making a mistake by marrying Edward. But she did not understand it until she was standing there in front of the mirror in her wedding dress. Jacob was happy, so happy that Bella eventually understood. She was finally his and he was finally hers. So when their kissing were getting longer and hands were starting to creep around shoulders and waist. Bella whispered to Jake who was lying above her, to take her to his bedroom. He silently lifted her from the couch and took her to his small bedroom and put her gently down on his bed while he took place above her, giving her a kiss on the forehead. Maybe everyone else would have said that it was too soon. That someone who had just left their soon to be husband on the altar shouldn't end up here with another man. But Bella did not care, she was done with making mistakes because she knew that this was the beginning of her new future and forever. Jake was so careful as he moved above her, everything went slow and their first time was filled with love. Not a second went without Bella or Jake kisses the other on its lips or neck. Between the heavy breathings sweet words were shared back and forth. The pain she felt when he had pushed inside of her was long gone and the only thing she could feel and see was Jacob. Her Jake. Eventually the speed went up and Jake's dark eyes locked with chocolate brown ones before he began to kiss her collarbone. Very soon he collapsed against her body. They lay like this for what seemed like forever. Jacob above Bella, with his head nestled against her hair, both catching their breaths. Bella knew that this is what she wanted for the rest of her life. It wasn't the life of eternity with Edward, it was the life of forever with Jacob. When Jacob rolled off of her and lay beside with his arm around her waist and her head resting against his arm, he asked her a question he had died to ask Bella but had never dared to ask before. "So uh, one day. I'm not saying soon. But one day, will you actually marry me?" Bella smiled and looked up at Jake who surprisingly seemed nervous even after what they just had done together. "I will." "You won't leave me now?" "I won't." "You swear?" "I'm yours, married or not." Jake couldn't help his excitement, his eyes were warm and happy and he smiled that sweet smile. Bellas smile. "Just so you know, I want children one day though" Bella had now choosed human life and with human life she wanted the full package. She wanted Jake and one day his children. Jake only smiled, looking even happier than he did a few seconds ago. If that was even possible. "Of course, let's have four children." "Four children!? No way, two children." "Hm, let's say three?" "Deal" Bella kissed Jacob on his cheek and lay down against his arm again. She knew that she would have to apologize and talk to Edward and the rest of the Cullen family for the dramatic leaving and her reason for it. But not today. Because today was Bella and Jakes day and nothing could ruin it. Not even a glamorous vampire wedding.