you, Aro Volturi." His face was the last I saw, horror and pain etched into them, before the fire roared and the blackness engulfed me. I gasped, clutching at my vanity. My eyes were a shining blue. Normally, they were a rosy pink, and this time, they didn't fade like they usually did after visions. Charlie barged into my room, panicked and gun at the ready. After seeing me, he relaxed, yet his face still held concern and worry. "Bella, you're eyes. They're still blue." He gasped. I nodded, sighing and going to sit down on my bed and falling back on it. There was no way I was going to school like this. "Dad, is it alright if I didn't go in today? I mean, my eyes aren't, you know…" I trailed off, hoping he would understand. He just nodded, frowning. I thanked him before he left, closing the door softly behind him. A tap at my window startled me and I silently contemplated whether or not I should go to it. Deciding to abandon it, I stayed in bed, the incessant tapping putting me to sleep. I woke up again a few hours later. Something seemed…out of place. Slowly, I got out of bed, looking around. Things seemed a tad bit sharper, my being able to pick up things that I couldn't before. As I grabbed my towel and crossed the threshold, I stumbled. I guess some things never change. Turning on the shower, I sighed as the hot water hit my skin. The heat rose around me, bringing up the painful memories of the fire and Aro's tortured face. My heart clenched and I sucked in a sharp breath to dispel the pain. I switched the water off after soaping up, washing my hair and rising. Stepping out, I wrapped the towel around my body and walked into my room. I dressed at a leisurely pace, my mind going think about all that I had seen. After dressing in my usual outfit, I sat at my desk and pulled out my notebook to write down the latest vision. Something told me it would be the last. A knock sounded at the front door and I jumped. I checked the time on my phone and gasped at the time shining back at me. 3:10pm, it read. School would be over now, which means that Edward would have no doubt driven over again, assuming it was him tapping at my window earlier. I took the stairs two at a time, stumbling on the last pair before opening the door. Sure enough, there stood Edward in all his pale glory. Normally, I would have felt joy or happiness, but today I was wary and nervous. Edward must have picked up on it for he frowned before smiling and holding out his hand. "What happened to your eyes?" "I, uh, tried out contacts?" It came out more of a question than a statement. "Care to take a walk with me, Bella?" he asked, changing the subject. I looked at his hand warily before placing mine in it. He led me into the surrounding woods. In this light, early afternoon, they looked mildly intimidating. We went in deep and before long, I couldn't tell which way was back. Judging from the unfamiliar surroundings, I could tell we weren't going to our meadow. Just then, Edward stopped and turned to me. I took a step back at his expression: it was blank. Usually, it was filled with love, a scowl or protectiveness. But it was blank I didn't know what was to come. "Bella, we're leaving." I frowned. Couldn't they at least wait until graduation? "Well, that was quick. Can't we wait until graduation? And what do I tell Charlie? I don't want to hurt him again. Not after the last time…" I trailed off as I remembered my father's hurt expression the last time I left to escape James. Edward frowned but stayed silent. "When you say we…?" "I mean my family and I." My heart twisted. This was not happening. He wasn't leaving me. "Well, this changes things." I tried to stay cool and collected. "It was never going to work out, what with me being a vampire and you being my singer and all." I nodded trying to take it all in stride when it hit me. "I…if this is about my soul, don't worry. I don't want it without you!" I cried, trying to keep him with me for however long as I could. "I can't damn you to this life. Plus, I never did love you. It was-" he cut off suddenly, pain flashing before hardening again. "It was always about your blood. We never loved you. You were just a toy to pass the time until I found my real mate. But it's okay. I'll make sure we leave no reminders and I'm sure your sieve of a human mind would forget us easily. It'll be like we never existed. Just do something for me?" I struggled to breath but did nothing to show I acknowledged his question. He continued anyway. "Try not to get into any trouble. If not for my sake, then for Charlie's." With that, he kissed my head and disappeared. I screamed. "Edward!" I shouted, hoping he'd hear the desperation in my voice. Was I over-reacting? People got dumped all the time, my inner voice argued. But normal people don't get dumped by vampires. In the forest. While a bloodthirsty, vengeful mate is on the lose for their lives, argued the other side back. Then it started to rain. Quickly, I searched, stumbling, looking for my love. My unrequited love. For hours, I wondered aimlessly, the branches scratching at my skin and drawing blood, dirt getting caked into my hair and mud all over my clothes. In no time, I was soaked, lost and heartbroken. Finally giving up, I dropped to the ground, curling in a ball and crying to my hearts content.