running when she got overwhelmed by her emotions. "You watch your mouth, young lady," Quil's open hand slapped the tabletop. "If I got fucked over, as you put it, it was of my own making. My choice. I chose this family. The imprint didn't force me to adopt three kids. I'm only imprinted on one of you. I love all three of you . My life has been complicated, absolutely, but it's full and I love it and I'm not going to listen to you disparage it just because it's not your ideal." He got up to leave. She scrambled to untangle her legs. "Uncle Quil—" "Let it go for a while, Claire." He hung his head, shoving his grease-stained hands in his pockets, fisting them, the muscles in his forearms straining with his anger. "Please, just let me say this, okay?" she begged. She was doing this because she loved him. She didn't want to fight. She wanted him to be happy, dammit. He nodded sharply once, his patience at its end. She climbed out of her chair on shaky legs, crossing the kitchen to stand in front of him. Wrapping her arms around his waist, she waited until he relaxed and his arms closed around her. Working up her nerve, she murmured into his chest, "I think you should ask Aunt Leah out." He froze, drawing his head back a few inches to look into her eyes like she'd lost her mind. "I've seen you watching her when you think no one is looking. Your eyes follow her. I-" She swallowed before admitting, "I saw you kiss her that one time, like she was your whole world for that one minute and you were hers. She couldn't even walk straight after. I can tell you love her and … the thing is, I know—we know—she loves us, too, you know? All of us." Quil sighed. "Your Aunt Leah is as busy with her life as I am with mine. She works long hours at the clinic and she has tribal duties like the rest of us. Besides, if it were going to happen—" "It's not like you've ever asked her," Claire interrupted to point out. She knew she had him there. "Because she's as likely to kick me in the nuts as she is to say 'yes'," he snorted. "She wouldn't kick you." "Claire…" "She might punch you, just for fun and because you waited so long and you were stupid." She tilted her head, pretending to give it some thought. "But probably she would just punch you for fun." A reluctant laugh bubbled up that Quil couldn't choke down. "But when your nose is bleeding and she's standing there with her eyes all snappy and pissed, she'd probably call you an idiot for waiting so long to ask." He sighed deeply again, but didn't bother to correct her language. Paul would just undo all his hard work later anyway. "Christ, you're probably right, kid." He laid his head on hers, stroking the long curtain of raven's wing hair at her back and rumbling a soothing purr deep in his chest. "So you'll ask her?" She tried not to let the excitement bleed into her voice, but she was practically bouncing. "I'll think about it," he promised, the way parents do when they want to change the subject. But Claire was already ten steps ahead, her whole body thrumming with excitement. "Where will you take her? You'll go on a real date, right? Like dinner or something in Port A? Oh! You could go to Seattle for the weekend. Me and Jay and Kyle could stay with Uncle Jake and Aunt Bella. They won't mind. Oh, oh, you need a suit! You'd wear a suit, right? And shoes. You can't wear your old sneakers or work boots. What kind of date would that be? You should wear that cologne that Aunt Sue got for you for Christmas two years ago. You never wear it, but it smells so good. I mean, she probably knows what you smell like underneath it anyway, but it might be nice if you smelled different for once because it would be special just for her—" The sound of a throat clearing broke into Claire's excited babble. Quil was grateful. He loved the girl, but she could make a saint's ears bleed when she was on a roll. They looked up together, seeking out the source of the noise. Leah Clearwater stood framed in the doorway in an old T-shirt dress, leaning on the jam just inside the screen with Jake and Paul peering in over her shoulder, wearing huge grins. Leah cleared her throat again, picking the forest out from under her nails. "Maybe he should ask me first before you take him suit-shopping, kiddo." She finally looked at Quil, an amused sneer on her face. "I'm waiting." "You heard." He smirked. Leah said nothing, feigning disinterest and crossing her arms with an annoyed, "Hmph! Who didn't? You two argue loud enough to wake the dead." Quil crossed the kitchen, whisking her up with a bold flourish, dipping and trapping her in the steel cage of his arms. A laugh caught in her throat before she shut it down and put her serious face back on. His hands roamed where the kid couldn't see, trying to make her crack. "Leah Clearwater, will you go out with me?" After several humming moments of careful thought, she finally grinned. And punched him in the face. When Quil woke up on the cold kitchen floor minutes later, Leah was leaning over him as Claire looked on, blinking owlishly. She pursed her lips. "Told you." Leah patted his cheek. "That was for waiting so goddamn long without speaking up. I love your kids like they're my own, too, you idiot. Go put on a clean shirt and scrub all that shit off your hands. If your nose is healed by seven, you're taking me out for dinner."