to howl, bellowing in excruciating pain. She'd been bitten. Dozens of bites riddled her limbs, even her tail. He whimpered, snuffling over her, frantic, searching … helpless. He dropped to his haunches, choked sobs catching in his throat as his body rocked, his mind locked in a state of shock. She looked into his eyes, her body spasming in pain, the trauma spreading. Her back arched, twisting her frame in deep, pained contortions as the venom attempted to consume her incompatible blood. She begged, the words final and desperate as each one echoed in Embry's head. " Kill me! Please! " Then Quil's voice, too, weak and tormented, came into the pack mind, his body phasing back and forth from the shock of the poison pumping through his veins. He pleaded with Embry, the same request, asking his best friend to kill him, too. Embry phased out, falling to his knees as rivers of blood flowed from dozens of jagged tears in his flesh. He'd escaped the bites, but not the claws. He wavered. It was all too much, too painful. He couldn't reach them both. He wasn't sure if he could do it at all. Even if he could, he wasn't sure what to do. He was just a kid! Inside… They were all just kids. He never reached Quil's side. Time ran out. Embry's shoulders dropped, a desperate sob escaping his lips. He staggered, his strength waning under crushing grief. Lost. Alone… But he wasn't, not yet. A surge of determination, a burst of courage came from somewhere outside himself. He returned to Leah's side, ghosting one finger up her silver snout, wishing more than anything that she had the strength to phase back so he could see her face once more. Holding her pain-wracked body, listening to her whimper and howl, her shrieks escalating, he realized all he could give her was release. He could give her that … He would have given her everything, if only they had a little more time. "I loved you, you know," he told her, smiling when his eyes met hers for the last time. Tears pouring down his face, his choked final words to her were lost under the cacophony of howling. With a flick of his wrists, he ended her suffering. His misery had only just begun. He wanted to turn away. Seeing her beautiful wolf, broken like that… but he couldn't. He stayed where he was, trying to catch his breath, trying to stop the flood of tears, his fingers gently stroking the soft fur of her silky ear, the satiny spot beneath. The spot he pressed his lips to when she'd slept, sated and pleasantly exhausted, wrapped safe and sound in his arms the night before. The night she'd finally let him love her. He had to let go, and it took everything inside him to lay her lifeless body gently on the ground. Staggering to his feet on unsteady legs, he had one last duty he had to fulfill. He slipped in and out of consciousness, aware that someone … someone had come. He still was not alone. Embry used every bit of strength he had left to open his eyes. A man—tall, broad, his skin a deeper shade of bronze than any native he had ever known—knelt by his side. Embry reached for him, choking, begging for forgiveness, release, anything. Anything to take this pain, his heart… He couldn't bear this agony. "I'm so sorry," he whimpered in apology, speaking the words for himself and those who no longer could. "There were so many. We had no hope of winning. We failed. The tribe…" "Not failed," the great Alpha-Chief Taha Aki murmured to the fallen warrior held with the gentlest of touches in his arms. "It is not failure if even one of ours survives." Embry craned his neck, trying to look the chief in the eye. "Who?" he croaked, choking, tasting the blood on his tongue. "Your sisters, Rachel and Rebecca. The daughters of all the great chiefs have wandering hearts for that reason, to protect the blood and keep it safe for the next generation. We do not keep all our eggs in one basket. We are legion, Embry. More will come. More wolves who are warriors. You did not fail. Look about you. The blow eleven young people have dealt here, this day, to the demon species will be far-reaching. You wiped out nearly the entire population with little more than the teeth and claws of ten wolves and one small, brave human girl. This is a victory, one that future generations will tell. I will see to it myself. Your names will be remembered, your sacrifice will not be in vain." "Taha Aki," the boy's voice gurgled. "My pack, my brother … my girl…" The great chief nodded, smiling as he called on the Spirits to give the boy his final wish, one last surge of strength. He would not heal, but it was enough to grant this final boon. "Be at peace, young warrior." The chief stroked the boy's forehead, his shaggy bangs soaked with sweat, obscuring his view. He needed to see where he was going. "You have lived a full life, filled with love and honor, but more will come. The world is a great deal bigger than you and me." The chief pressed his lips to the boy's head and surrendered his strength. With a final monumental effort and Taha Aki's help, Embry's eyes fluttered open. He hauled himself up to his elbows and crawled, dragging himself arm-over-arm the last few feet separating him from his brothers. His brother. Jacob. Leah, the fearless girl he loved. Closing his eyes as the breath left his body, his soul slipped free and he lay with his brother, one hand buried in scorched fur, the other arm draped over a small, silvery pelt, his hand wrapped in the auburn flames of Bella's curls. He gave himself over to the fire.