her vulnerable. But this was Paul, and Paul was different. "Paul... I-I love you too." Paul kissed her. He kissed her forehead, both her cheeks, down to her neck, her nose, and she began to giggle in a very un-Leah manner. But she didn't care. "And Leah," kiss, "I've been," kiss, "holding back," kiss, "only because," kiss, "I just didn't want to push you," he finished as he pulled back to look at her. He kissed her neck again, then murmured against her neck, "You have no idea how much I've wanted you. Not fucking you has been hell, Lee." Leah smirked to herself as her eyes danced. "Then fuck me." Paul groaned. He pulled back to look at her. "You sure?" He seemed to use a superhuman amount of self-restraint to double check. Leah was impatient though. She tackled him to the forest floor. That did it. She landed straddling him, but he flipped her over, covering her with himself. His hands ran all over, grasping her thighs in his hands - he loved how thick they were, he could just sink his hands into them. He lifted her leg around his hip, she wrapped both around him high on his hips, opening herself up to him. He captured her wrists in his hands and pinned them above her head. He groaned loudly as she gasped and whimpered. He ran his nose and lips from her collar bone up to her ear. He nipped at his ear lobe, making her gasp. He buried his face in her neck under her hair, nipping, and sucking at her sensitive skin. She writhed under him. He held both her hands in his one so he could run his hands over her legs again. Good God, he loved her legs. He lifted her leg high on his hips and then moved to her shirt. He slowly pulled down the collar of her shirt so he could torturously kiss from her neck to her shoulder. She was a shuttering, gasping mess. He lowered the shirt further, kissing just above her breast. Then, suddenly, he ripped the shirt from her body. She gasped and he groaned. She wasn't wearing a bra. Still holding her hands securely above her head, he ravaged her chest. Dragging his teeth across her flesh, he raised goosebumps on her skin. He captured a nipple in his mouth and she gasped, writhing uncontrollably beneath him, unbearably turned on. She still couldn't move her hands and it just turned her on more. Paul was always dominant in bed, and oh how she had missed this. He ran his hands from her chest down her hips, to her pants. He unbuttoned her pants and pulled them down torturously slow, kissed the exposed flesh. She whimpered. "Paaaauuuul," she moaned out. He came up to her eye-level. "Yes baby?" She just moaned. He chuckled. "Don't worry, Lee, I've got you." He took his shirt off then, and his pants soon followed. He grabbed her gorgeous legs again in both hands, letting her hands finally free. She wound her hands in his hair. She grasped at his shoulders and clawed at his back. "Paul, pleaaaase?" Leah begged. Paul kissed her neck again. Leah moaned. He always knew where she was most sensitive, and it drove her wild. "Paul!" She began to whine. He still didn't respond. He teased her with his tip right at her center. Just the head entered her, and she squirmed. He held her hips tight and kissed right under her neck. Leah nearly cried in frustration. She couldn't take it anymore. "Paul!" He bit her neck at the same time that he tugged both her legs high on his hips and entered her in one thrust. She cried out. Paul didn't waste time. He was instantly pounding into her ruthlessly. Moaning and gasping, Leah was already near oblivion. "Paaaauuuul-" "Shhhh, I've got you baby." She moaned. Her stomach began to coil uncontrollably. The pitch of her whimpers and moans began to change, and Paul knew she was close. He reached down and pinched her clit. Her world burst into flashes of light behind her lids as she screamed her release. She continued to clench around him, but Paul held out. He could play Leah's body like a musician could a guitar. And he just loved to hear her scream. He flipped her around so she was on all fours. Her legs shook as she was slowly coming down from her high, but Paul didn't let her. He pistoned into her again. The change in angle made her stomach coil again in anticipation. She gasped. He reached around to play with her nipples and clit. She whimpered. She could feel herself getting closer. "Harder, Paul," she said. He obeyed. "Gah," she groaned. "Faster, uh, Paul ," she panted. He once again kissed her neck. Then, as he felt his own release approach, he bit down, sending her over the edge. She screamed his name as he came and he grunted as she milked him for everything he had. They both lay there gasping in the forest floor. There was a slight breeze, but Paul's body over hers kept Leah warm. Leah turned her heard to see Paul staring at her. He grinned at her. Leah laughed at the look on his face, and snuggled closer to him. He sighed in contentment. "My Leah," was all he said. He kissed her neck where he had bit her, and she knew everything would be alright. A/N: am I the only one who's absolutely obsessed with the Leah/Paul pairing?! Love them together. This is a little OC, as Leah isn't such a bitch, and Paul isn't such a hot-head, but I think circumstances demanded I tune that down a bit. Although I love how feisty they are. So... should I write a whole story expanding on this idea? maybe just another one-shot? love Leah and Paul together as much as I do? let me know! Cal3