his mate. So whenever you tried to look into Bella's future, you were actually looking at your decisions and plans, not hers. And now that you have met Bella after she went through the random meeting, you are able to see her future as well. But both Edward and you are only focusing on the older Bella, which is why you still have visions of both." I sat back against the chair and stared at Carlisle. It made sense and fit the situation. The only flaw could be the actual random meeting itself, which I voiced to him. "Yes, as both could plan on travelling or either could just pick a random path to trod down. It would have to take a ton of different events to cross to make the meeting of two people entirely random in your precognition. The only way I think it could work, is if both people just started walking and kept their thoughts on something irrelevant and at one point their paths crossed." I frowned, I didn't like the idea there was something that could sneak by my visions. But at least I had an explanation. "So the visions I have been having of Bella, those aren't of her but of our idea of her?" "That's my theory." I hummed thoughtfully. I was about to respond but again I was hit by the same vision of me standing alone in the forest. "Ughhhh I don't get this," I groaned coming out of the vision. Carlisle tilted his head, "What was the vision about Alice?" I quickly explained my visions to him and Carlisle placed his hands under his chin as he thought over this new dilemma. "And you say you get this one when you try to focus on Bella? And that this takes place at the front of our driveway?" he asked. "Yes on both." I replied. He nodded to himself, "Then perhaps you should seek out this scene from your visions. You may get some answers there." I thought over it before agreeing. I thanked him before blurring out of the house, hearing everyone except Edward just relaxing inside. I took me several minutes to actually find the scene from my visions. I was surprised to find that it was just inside from the turnoff from the main road and on to our driveway. After getting there I looked around and noticed…nothing. I huffed and leaned back against the tree, trying to force a vision. My face scrunched up as I concentrated. Nothing. I slammed my head against the tree, creating a small dent. I bit my lip and tried to think of what to do. I was about to take off back to the house when I heard it. An older engine was driving on the road towards our driveway. I waited for it to pass but surprisingly when it got to only several feet away from the turnoff the engine cut. I frowned as I heard the person open the door and walk over to stand in front of our driveway. "…Wow," I heard a female say, "They must REALLY hate having neighbors." I had to cover my mouth to hide my laughing as I realized that this was Bella Swan. Edward went running to her house to check on her/stalk her and she came driving over to us. Bella continued to question whether or not this was actually our house, debating that Charlie said it was an unmarked driveway against the fact that the driveway was terrifying and she was probably going to be killed. After much debate she got back in her car. Using this I took off ahead of her as she slowly pulled through the way, still mumbling how she was going to get attacked by an axe murderer. I reached the house, "Everyone! We are going to have a guest soon!" Everybody blurred to the entryway, all with varied degrees of confusion on their faces. "Who's coming Alice?" Esme asked. I giggled before skipping off, "Oh, I'm not telling, I want to see the shock on all of your faces when they get here." By now they could all hear Bella's car as it slowly rumbled up the way. I could see realization of both Rosalie and Jasper's faces along with a large smile on the former. Both Carlisle and Esme were confused, as they never heard it. Emmett just didn't stop grinning like an idiot so it was hard to tell if he actually recognized it at all. Finally Bella pulled into the meadow and parked her car. It actually took her several minutes to get out of car, no doubt in awe of the house. She finally opened the door and got out, and we could barely hear her as she now mumbled about rich axe murderers with gorgeous torture chambers. Both of our parents frowned as they tried to figure out who this was. Bella took a deep breath before walking up the porch steps and over to the door. She quickly pressed the doorbell and to restrain Esme from going to fast out of curiosity. After a short pause Esme walked over and opened the door. "Hello, I'm Isabella Swan, you must be Mrs. Cull…" she trailed off. HAHAHA BET YOU THOUGHT IT WAS GOING TO KEEP GOING. Yeah ending it there. NEXT TIME ON BELLA THE BOLD. Bella discovers an ancient treasure hidden beneath the sea using a map she found in her grandfathers attic. Joined by renowned deep-sea diver and womanizer Rosalie Hale, together they plunge to the depths of this mysterious deep-sea treasure and the curse surrounding it. Its sink or swim with this one folks! Join us NEXT TIME . … Wow I went pretty far with that…not sure how I feel about it though. Kinda feels like one of those sappy romance novels you find at Walmart doesn't it? Well regardless, please leave a review or don't or flattery or something idk. I love you. BYE!