I'm getting too personal again. Go ahead and just ignore me if you want. I should probably think about getting ready for bed now. I have to get up at about four in the morning to open my shop. If I didn't make coffee for a living, I'd probably die getting up so early for any other job. Wow, looks like I like to ramble too! Guess we have something else in common. I hope you have a good night. Your new rambling buddy, Not Jessica AKA Bella I look over what I've written and hit send before I can lose my nerve. Ben stares at me accusingly, his kitty tail swishing on the table. "What? I was just being nice," I defend myself. "He deserved to know that I forgave him." Ben continues to stare at me so I shove my computer away, cross my arms over my chest and glare back. After about thirty seconds, I can hear him purring noisily again and laugh. He squints his eyes shut and I swear he smiles. God, I must be crazy. "Come on, lazy bum," I sigh, standing up. "Let's take a bath and get to bed." Ben trots after me as I put my bowl in the sink and my empty can in the recycle bin. He rubs between my legs, almost making me trip, so I go back into the kitchen and get out his bag of treats. He meows his little kitten meow and happily follows me into the bathroom. I set his treat on the counter, out of reach, and turn on the bath. I hang my fingers under the stream of water and adjust the knobs until it's the right temperature and then add some vanilla scented bubble bath soap. Ben waits on the closed toilet seat as I go back to my purse that I left on the floor by the door and dig out my iPod. When I come back, the tub is full of sweet smelling suds. I hook up my iPod in the docking station on the back of the toilet and switch on my classical mix. I undress and set Ben's treat on the floor. He leaps off the toilet and begins munching, eating slowly to prolong his joy. Once in the tub, I feel all my troubles melt away. I sigh as I feel myself sinking into the warm, soothing bubbles and close my eyes, imagining that I don't work with a dumbass that will most likely run my business into the ground if I don't do something about him fast. Seriously, how could one guy make so many mistakes? He didn't even know what soy milk was and tried to tell a customer there was no such thing as lactose free milk when they told him about their intolerance. If Jacob hadn't been there to quickly make the drink while they were arguing, we would have lost one of our best customers. Unfortunately, we also had to comp his drink but at least Mike offered to let me take it out of his pay. At the rate he was going, he'd soon be paying me to keep him on. Ugh. I need to change my train of thought otherwise I'll be too tense to sleep. My thoughts right away go to Edward. I'm pretty sure his time-zone is two hours ahead of mine meaning it's about eleven there. How late do concerts go on for? He does own a bar and some of those can stay open all night. I wonder if they have a decent closing hour. Three in the morning maybe? And then I wonder what he's like to talk to in real life. He uses some odd terminology, making me curious where he's from. Do people in Chicago have their own lingo? I'm sure they do. And what does he look like? Is he tall? Short? He works a bar, is he a badass covered in tattoos that rides a Harley? I giggle at the thought. Judging by his rambling, he seems a bit geeky. Does he wear glasses? Like to read? It'd be nice to find a guy that likes to read for a change. My last sort of boyfriend, Paul, hated to read anything. Except Playboy, apparently. Yeah, right. Getting it for the articles, my ass. There's no way an informative article would make a guy go out and find his own Playboy Bunny, complete with fuzzy bunny ears, and fuck her in his own living room. That was a very low self-esteem type of day. Ugh. And now my relaxation is ruined. The water is running cold, too, so I give up and pull the plug. Ben runs from the room at the sound of the water being sucked down the drain. "Scaredy cat!" I call after him, rolling my eyes. I towel off before I can freeze, turn off my music and head into the bedroom. The nice thing about having an apartment to yourself above the ground floor is that you can walk by the open window naked. The building across the street is only a one story tall 24 hour laundry facility—at which I do my laundry at—so there's no chance of being spotted. I dress in cotton boy shorts and a tank top and climb under the covers where my feet encounter a big ball of fur. I wiggle my toes, causing Ben to lick them and giggle, shoving him out of the way so I can get comfortable. I reach over to my short dresser and flip on my alarm, sighing heavily when the screen flashes the wake up time of four a.m. Tomorrow is going to be a long day, I can feel it already. Let's hope that I at least didn't scare off my new email friend. I get the feeling it may be the only good part of my day. A/N: So what do you think? Would you like more? Leave me some lovin'!