her again, my arms resting by her sides. "This is going to hurt, love. Hold on to me." Her arms wrapped around my shoulders. I spread her legs wider, bending one knee. Her face held nothing but excitement and love. "I love you, Bella," I whispered to her. The tip of my length touched her warm opening, and I almost lost it when I slowly pushed. Bella gasped and closed her eyes, pain etched on her features. I paused, panting and pressing my lips to hers. "Relax, sweetheart. It will be okay, I promise." I continued, groaning deeply when I felt her hug me tightly and warmly. When I felt I could not go any deeper, I glanced at Bella's face. She was biting her lip, and I let her adjust to me, kissing her jaw, neck, and the top of her breast. Finally, she opened her eyes and indicated that she was okay. I pulled out and thrust back into her. We both moaned as I started a slow rhythm. Being with her was magical; something my mind could never conjure. Bella consumed my thoughts, my senses… everything in me. She was everything to me. And with all the pain I'd caused her, I was sure that there was nothing I could do to atone for my mistakes, even if she had forgiven me, except show her how I felt. Damn, I was sounding cheesy again. With every thrust, I gave her my love because that was the only sure thing I could give her. With every kiss, I let her feel my devotion. With every caress, I showed my gratitude. She had chosen me, after all, after everything, and I couldn't ask for more. I drank in her screams as she exploded around me, and soon I felt my release as well. I kissed her once more, and we both tried to calm ourselves as we came down from our highs. "Thank you, love," I said once my heart was at a regular pace. "Thank you for making me your firsts and for giving me that wonderful experience. You truly are exquisite." I smiled at her. Bella laughed. "You've been with… women. Surely you've had better." By the glint in her eye, I knew she was teasing. My lips descended on hers, our tongues tangling. I snuck one hand up to the nape of her neck where I massaged, delighted at the gasp of pleasure coming from her. "Never, Bella," I told her firmly. "I don't know any other way to say this. That part of my past was the biggest mistake of my life that I will regret to the grave. You are everything I've ever wanted, I'm sure of it. What happened between us tonight is… I have no words," I admitted. "But I will never compare it with another because I love you. You're not to be compared with one night stands, love. You're too precious," I murmured, kissing her shoulder. She blushed and smiled, touching my cheek. "Edward, we're humans. We err, we get over, and that's it. Please think about that. I love you," she said softly, "even if I think you're ridiculous and putting me on a pedestal." She hid a yawn behind her hand. I chuckled. "You should sleep." With a kiss on her cheek, I finally withdrew myself from her, my penis slipping out as I stood up and walked over to the bathroom. I disposed of the condom and cleaned up a bit. Then I grabbed a towel, washed it, and took it with me outside. Bella was lying on her side, eyes closed and a peaceful smile on her face. I was able to see her magnetic eyes again when I sat down on the bed. "Shhh… sleep now, my love," I said quietly, running the towel over her arms and torso. I worked quietly as I cleaned her up, and once done, I placed the towel on the table. Bella was staring at me. "I thought I told you to sleep." I smirked. She grinned. "Have I told you how lucky I am?" "No, I don't believe you have." I brushed strands of hair from her face. "Okay then. I am the luckiest woman in the world; thousands of women are sure to envy me." Her grin widened when I burst out laughing. Yes, love, they'd envy you for a moron like me. When I quieted down, she said seriously, "Thank you, Edward. I know you're not forgiving yourself yet for that little mishap, but please try. Things worked out in the end, after all." She smiled again. "And tonight was… I have no words," she mimicked me. "Hey, that's my line." It was her turn to laugh. "Come here, Mister, and sleep with me." I wasted no time getting under the covers with her. My arms circled her slim waist as she turned to face me. She kissed me quickly on the chest before her cheek rested on my shoulder, sighing in contentment. She was out like a light. My eyes stayed open, watching her serene face. It was hard for me not to think about how my life had changed in the last twenty-four hours. Life really surprised you at every turn. As I lay awake, staring at Bella, I could not recall any of my failures as the happiness consumed me. My stupidity—the real concern here—was almost forgotten. And she was right. Things did work out in the end. I had to be kinder to myself. I mentally snorted again. Suddenly, Bella's melodious voice broke the fog of my thoughts. "Edward … I love you." My heart melted, and I smiled and kissed her forehead. Yes, after everything, she still loved me. As long as that fact remained, I couldn't complain about anything. A/N: Thanks for reading! Hope you liked it. So what do you think? I'd love it if you tell me in a review, so type it down below now (yes now).