even know where she is. Oh Bella, please forgive my stupidity, I should never have left you there alone. Bella must surely hate me now. I am brought back yet again by Alice "Edward focus" she snaps at me "we have two days before he…" she can't say the word "we will find her. Don't you see? My visions are back, since we have parted company with the wolves I can finally see again." This gives me a small amount of hope, enough to pull myself from the ground and keep moving forward. "Okay" I breathe "we will keep looking, we will find her before it's too late." I try to convince myself. BPOV I'm not sure how much longer I can hang on. I am in so much pain. I have been here for such a long time, a couple of days maybe. I keep falling in and out of consciousness so I'm not sure how long it's been exactly. I think I may have a concussion. James has come in every few hours to torment me in ever more sick and twisted ways. Last time he came in with a lit cigarette. I didn't think vampires would smoke. No sooner had the thought entered my mind when he turned on the camcorder and stubbed the cigarette out on my bare thigh. I screamed and screamed. James had removed my clothes earlier and laughed when I panicked. "Don't worry" he had smirked "I won't be doing that " I felt a brief second of relief before he continued "well, not yet anyway. Maybe later, when I'm done playing with you. But it'll have to be our little secret" he had whispered conspiratorially "Victoria gets so jealous" he rolled his eyes. In that moment he reminded me of Mike Newton. I couldn't help in then. I leaned over and vomited. He made a disgusted sound and cleaned up the vomit with my discarded clothes and threw them in the trash. I was now sitting on the freezing floor in nothing but my underwear. The burn hurt so bad but he just laughed sadistically "should I put out the fire Bella?" I had no time to contemplate what he had said before he turned the shower onto me, it was freezing. I couldn't catch my breath as my body went into shock. He left me there, wet and shivering in that icy bathroom. I couldn't help my despair. Edward wasn't coming, he won't find me here. Alice can't see the future while the wolves are involved. Did he even look for me? Or did he assume James killed me straight away? I hope he isn't looking for James if he thinks I'm dead. There would be no point in them fighting if I'm already gone. It won't be long now. Every inch of my body hurts, I have a few broken bones, I can feel them. I can hardly see my skin for bruising. I think there is something wrong with my stomach too as I keep feeling the urge to vomit. But I'm hungry at the same time, it doesn't make sense. And I just feel so weak, so tired. I need this to be over. I can't stop my tears from falling. I'm never going to see Edward again. I want to tell him how much I love him, I want to hold him while he wraps his strong arms around me, making me feel so safe and cherished. But I know I'll never feel him or see him again. I don't even try to stop the anguished sob that escapes my throat. I no longer care what happens to me. The sooner James finishes me, the better. Just as I have this thought the door opens, I don't need to look up, I know it is James. I can smell him, he has a very distinct aroma, just like all vampires. James' odour isn't unpleasant but it has nothing on Edwards' mouth-watering scent. "Just do it" I mutter feebly as he flicks on the camcorder yet again "I don't care anymore." It surprises me when instead of hurting me he unhooks my chains from the radiator. He pulls me up by my still bound hands, but I am much too weak to stand on my own. He laughs as I crumple into a pathetic heap on the floor, I cry out painfully. Then he sighs "I'm getting bored with you now, Victoria should have been here yesterday. I'm going to have to go look for her and I can't exactly bring you with me, so…" This is it, he is going to kill me now. "Well at least I can have one last bit of fun with you before I go." I panic, I know what he means. "No, you can't please. Just kill me, please I'm begging you." "Oh you'll beg alright, by the time I'm done with you." He grins. I know it's pointless but I can't help myself, I try to scramble away from him. He laughs at my pathetic attempt to crawl away. Then he grabs my leg and yanks me back towards him. I fall awkwardly to the ground, hitting my head hard, causing my vision blur and the room to spin. My world starts to go dark as he looms over me on the ground, he no longer seems to notice if I am conscious or not, he has this sickening hungry look on his face. Just as I feel his disgusting hands rip at my underwear I feel myself begin to float into welcomed unconsciousness. My final thought going through my mind Edward I love you. A/N So there you have it, chapter one is complete. I know this chapter is pretty intense, I hope it wasn't too graphic for you. For all of those who choose to follow my story, thank you, and please review. I love to see your feedback so let me know what you think…don't be shy!