the small amount of joy from knowing that it wasn't that simple. That joy died though at the look in Jake's eyes and then the bitter laugh from his lips. "I'm the future chief of my tribe and my future wife's a half vamp. The thing I'm supposed to kill. The thing I'm supposed to protect people from…" He said it all in a quiet tone, his body slowly became still before his voice came out hollow and broken. "But I guess it doesn't matter. The thought of…with…I just can't…" Slowly his face became a grimace "Even if I could and we had a kid..." I tried to not look sick as he continued "Either way the option is fucked up." For once I wished I couldn't read Jake like I could because I was right there with him feeling disturbed and sick at it all. With a house full of vampires and a half vampire as a mother, he would be risking a child's death or setting them up to be a shifter. There was no if or maybes about it. I wanted to say I was sorry but where would I even start? Sorry for falling in love? I couldn't be sorry for that. I wasn't. I wasn't sorry for loving Edward. Maybe for realizing things too late, like perfect isn't always better? My mind started and all I could do was hold myself as though I was coming apart. Maybe I should go hunt. I thought to myself before getting up slowly. I wished that Jake would look at me again, but he wouldn't even turn my way. Now that he was facing the opposite direction, I felt like the wall had gotten even thicker between us. Yes, hunting had to be better than this. Sitting here and thinking only made me think of more things that I would rather push back down. Maybe it was good I couldn't sleep, I was sure after the picture Jake painted of his future that I would have a nightmare. I started moving away from him and in search of my prey. I know I should have been paying better attention, but with the war in my head I wasn't at my best. If I had been, the sudden sweet smell maybe would have made me pause a bit at how much it sung to me. Instead bloodlust took over and I let it. It was the one thing that I could do as an escape. One thing did make me stop. A sudden sound and a pain at my chest right at my heart along with the feeling of fire spreading through me as I fell to the ground. I thought changing into a vampire was an agonizing pain. It didn't compare to this, not something so consuming and brutal. I couldn't help but cry out as it felt as though I was being torn apart and burned. Even with no knowledge personally of the experience, I felt like this was what it felt like and I expected to see flames around me. Instead there was the blur of trees that came in and out of focus. If I could have looked at myself, I would have known I was writhing on the ground but all I cared about was the pain eating me alive. I actually convulsed hard enough to puke on myself. A weird mix of silver and dark crimson assaulted my eyes a moment before they rolled back, and I barely heard the footsteps that came closer to me. "He-he-help..." my voice was guttural as I pleaded to the blurry image of what I thought was a girl. Here I was an almighty vampire begging this human for help. I cared less at the moment for the irony, and would have accepted a vision of Yoda at this point. I tried to beg again as nothing came out anymore, just that liquid and my body went through more compulsions as a feeling that I never thought I would know again took over along with the pain. I felt weak. "Tsk, tsk, tsk. I'm not sure how you're still alive but give me one sec to fix that." I wasn't sure what she meant nor why the voice sounded familiar, until I heard the sound of an apparent fire that changed the priorities of my thoughts. Dear god…help me…please. I tried to scream it even as I felt myself self being dragged and it didn't take a genius to know to where I was going, but I couldn't get free. No matter how much I screamed at my body to obey as the pain went through me, I felt weaker with each passing moment. It felt like hours until I heard the howl, and the upper half of my body was unceremoniously dropped. I barely took noticed as the pain consumed me again from the inside out. I couldn't get my eyes to focus as the blurred images of what I figured was the girl and a giant wolf - who I figured to be Jake- stood near each other. At the moment I couldn't figure out why Jake couldn't pick me up and run me to Carlisle. The fact that he couldn't because of some reason was lost on me at the moment. Finally a scream did come out of me but it wasn't intentional. The pain was too much. I couldn't take this much longer. I could barely make them out anymore as darkness was coming fast. I didn't even feel myself being lifted again. Was I dying? Was I really going to die? Like this? Or did Jake finally get me? Maybe Jake was so mad that he was actually leaving me to die? As much as I couldn't see Jake doing that, only pain and hurt was going through me - helping me to think the worse or the worse. As everything went black, I finally got my apology together. Sorry Jake…for everything.