can bring up the bathroom excuse, Edward gets up. He digs in a drawer and produces a rope. Bella's brows rise. Edward smiles lovingly. "Wanna try something with me, sweetheart?" Oh, shit. Edward Cullen's into BDSM. Why didn't I find this out sooner? "Uh, sure. But first—" But Edward has already wrapped the rope around her wrists. Bella is torn, but the uneasiness she's feeling around him diminishes when Edward proceeds to roar with laughter. "Ah, sweet Isabella." He shakes his head with a smile. "You're too pliable." Edward reaches for his phone and dials. "I have her so get your asses up here." He puts the phone down and gets a gun from the drawer. He points it at her with a smug smile. "You thought you can fool me, sweetheart?" That gets him to burst into laughter again. Bella drops her disguise. She finally reveals what she's truly feeling. "So this is all a set-up? You set me up?" He grins. "Yes. I made you come here with me so I can catch you, my elusive prey." That means he is aware of the stalker-like abilities she used on him. "You knew I was in that bar with one of your sluts, Lauren?" "I pieced everything up when Lauren complained to me about her missing invitation and the report of a suspicious person following me. Thankfully, Lauren also mentioned a waitress, so I knew you're a woman." Bella nods. "Nice speech," she says, referring to his balcony confession. "Ah, thank you. I've been dreaming of doing that for a long time. It seemed fun, and it was. I successfully tricked my elusive prey." He gives Bella an uneven smile. "Now, before my men take you away, close those long legs for me, sweetheart so I can tie them, too." Bella smiles slyly before spreading her legs widely, exposing her to him. "First, give me a parting gift, Edward. Please. I know you want me, too, Mr. Cullen." His eyes darken as his gaze falls on her still-glistening skin. "You little tease. Close them up." She widens her eyes and shakes her head. When Edward closes his eyes to control himself, Bella kicks the gun out of his hand and proceeds to push him back to the bed. She is now the one holding the gun. Edward raises himself on his elbows. "Ah, ah, ah, be careful, love. There's a security camera hiding in the corner. Would you like to be caught in the act of killing the powerful Edward Cullen?" What Edward doesn't know is that … she knows. Everything. It is now Bella's turn to shake her head and smirk. "Seriously, did you fail your science class in high school? Your smart image in my mind might shatter if you did. The kid you showed me has a widow's peak while you don't. According to Mendel's genetics, a child can only have widow's peak—a recessive trait—if both parents possess widow's peaks phenotypically. So I knew there and then that you knew … that you were playing a trick on me." Her smirk turns into a wide grin. "Nice moves, Cullen, but I win." Edward looks mildly surprised but laughs hollowly. "How can you win when you're trapped in this room with your hands tied?" "I contemplated this slim possibility. I didn't like the idea of doing a job without full knowledge and, well you can say experience"—she winks—"of my target. I decided to make a back-up plan. If you happened to be as pathetic as the others, I could kill you easily using the initial plan I prepared. But you're not, and my back-up plan comes in. I found out which rooms are available tonight and prepared. I'm so grateful you chose this room with the windows facing the alley. I won't have to embarrass myself going out naked." Edward looks speechless as he listens to her and then starts to regard her with a mixture of admiration and respect. "You mean we're both pretending, Ms. Isabella?" He smirks. "Of course. Didn't see it?" She doesn't tell him that her attraction is somewhat real. Edward only chuckles. "You're very good. Do you really work for my deplorable competitors?" "Yeah. Now"—She picks her bra off the floor using her foot and pulls out her rope— "This rope was supposed to kill you, Mr. Cullen. And now, I'm going to use it to escape. What do you think?" "I think you're a hot, badass woman who's getting me more aroused than I could possibly ever imagine." Bella can't help laughing. "Thank you. Until next time, Mr. Cullen." She blows him a kiss. Bella quickly ties her rope to the middle partition of the window as she hears footsteps. After meeting Edward's eyes, she descends, using her bra as the rappelling descender. Once her feet touch the ground, she locates the bag that she stashed in the alley earlier and sets fire to the rope, also letting the fire catch the rope tied around her to cut it off. She puts on clothes from the bag and grabs all her stuff. She has twenty minutes before Edward's security catches up with her so she must hurry. As she runs away, everything that happened between her and Edward flashes in her mind. He is interesting. I hope he continues keeping me on my toes. She doesn't know Edward is thinking the same thing as he scrambles for his clothes. A/N: The widow's peak part was a little too … geeky for me; now that I read it again. LOL Okaaay, sooo what do you think of our beloved couple in here? Do you think they have a chance to become … a couple? :) Many of Chameleon's reviewers in the Bad Boys of Twilight page want a continuation. If you guys want that too, you have to convince me in your reviews (let's pretend this isn't a tactic to get your reviews). Thanks a lot! Til' the sky turns red, Cielo