the world and can easily take you and your family out without even making a ripple, so do us both a favor and bow out of the trip. We both know all about your master and that you are nothing but one of his mutts on a leash. Lycan really must be slumming to have you as one of his minions. I mean what faction are you even decedent from?" Lori wasn't that subtle and got right in his face. Her tone lethally low so that only a shining one could hear it. Dolph's face flushed with temper and his eyes flashed with leashed fury. "My lineage can be traced all the way back to the days of Camelot. My ancestor brought down the mighty Pendragon legacy…" "Aw, you must really be pissed now that they're back in full force again, you Mordred wannabe." Lori snarked, unimpressed that he was a dark fairy. "Ness and I beat you by infinity." "Two mongrel hybrids, please don't embarrass yourselves..." he laughed, clearly not getting the fact that he was in mortal peril. :Try Vampire, Were Prime, Pixie, Fairy, Elf, human… My Grandparents are Kane, Oberon, Fiona, Ian, and Kira. In case you don't know who they are let me enlighten you. They are or were all Kings and Queens of Avalon.: Nessie growled in his mind. :I haven't hunted since Easter and you are really trying on my last nerve, Blake. It is taking everything that I have. Every ounce of control not to rip your arrogant head off your shoulders, however I do not wish to do anything that will jeopardize being able to see my prince again so you get to live to breathe another day.: She showed her teeth at him again, her eyes, a deep dark chocolate, flashed with barely leashed temper. "Leave now and for your own wellbeing opt out of the trip, because I will not be held accountable for my actions. I don't like you, Blake. I loathe and despise you. Lycan's master plan was doomed to fail. Your presence repels me and the very thought of you ever being anything to me makes me physically want to vomit. Order of the Light, Blake. They don't care who your parents are if you are a threat to me or Lori, so go back to Boston and stay the hell away from any of us. You can tell Lycan that Jake is my forever and there is nothing that any of his minions can do to break us. Every challenge only makes our bond stronger." "Renesmee, is there a problem here?" Charles got up from where he was sitting with Makeena and Alistair. "No, Uncle Charles. Mr. Blake and I are finished with our chat and he is just leaving." Nessie smiled sweetly at her Uncle of sorts. "Yes, stalker boy here has a lot of packing to do. Don't you, Blake." Lori mirrored Ness's smile. "Cullen. Swan. I'll see you on the plane." Dolph threw some money on the table, got up, and got the hell out of dodge. "Tell me again why I have to take the high road…" Nessie gritted her teeth in frustration. "Switzerland. Jake. The council. We're the good guys…" Lori gave her a hug. "Join us for a bit. The café is packed it will be awhile before your food is served." Charles motioned for them to have a seat at their table. "Your bête noire can't seem to take a hint can he?" Makeena got up to give each of them a hug. "No matter. I believe that the three of us have a solution that might make your holiday more to your liking." "Call it a compromise. We know that the two of you are responsible enough to be allowed a certain amount of freedom during the trip to the UK." Alistair calmly took a drink of his wine. "Therefore, when we arrive in London the two of you will be allowed to go on your adventure, but you have to check in the morning, afternoon, and evening." "Can I drive or are we gonna have to have a driver?" Lori asked, dreading the answer. "What do you think?" Charles arched a brow. "Now, darling, I think the girls are more than able to properly operate a vehicle. This is their adventure after all." Makeena tried to mediate for them all. "This will never work. I can't withdraw a huge amount that will send a red flag back home. Daddy will know he tracks when I use my cards and we'll need them to pay for everything." Nessie grumbled. "You will have more than enough spending cash for the two of you, a suitable vehicle will be provided, and Edward will be none the wiser as long as you follow the rules. Detour from them and I will come and personally collect you. Do we have an understanding?" Charles reassured them all the while laying down the ground rules. "We just want to be able to chill and have a little fun before having to go home." Lori was all smiles now. "Yes, and we promise to be on our best behavior." Nessie was smiling too, nearly two weeks to explore the UK and she couldn't wait. "Makeena and I will be close by if you need us, but we will leave you to yourselves unless we feel that there is a threat then we will react accordingly and join the two of you on your adventure." Charles was clear that although they weren't being chaperoned they were only being given a long leash. "Don't worry about Mr. Blake. I will make certain that he leaves you alone." Alastair went back to reading his book. Next Chapter 2 –UK or bust Had to set the ground rules first for their Epic Adventure. Next the real fun begins. This is going to be a short story but a fun one. Follow, Fav, review at your leisure. Blessed be Cin