can anyone else. Just before they met, Alice had the clearest vision of her entire life. She actually saw, in detail, Jasper walk into the café where she sat. She also saw his gift and several flashes of their future together. With that and him knowing how she felt at all times, it allowed for…matters to progress between them extremely fast." By the end of his explanation, even the tips of poor Edward's ears were pink. Bella was certain that she must be as red as a tomato by now. "That strange sensitivity? When we shook hands? Was that…?" "Hypersensitivity to each other," he interrupted quickly. "Our gifts probably amplify any small attraction…shit, this is awkward." He ran his hand through his already messy hair. Bella strove frantically to corral her thoughts. Closing her eyes and taking a couple of deep breaths, she mentally chanted, It's OK, we'll work it out…we'll work it out…it's not a bad thing…we'll work it out… "Bella, please open your eyes," begged the man across the table softly. When she did, he continued, "You're right, we'll work it out. We're both highly intelligent adults, and, I think, budding friends?" Bella had to smile at the hopeful note in his voice. "Yes, we are. And as your new friend I'm going to tell you to finish that brownie." Edward laughed. Bella beamed at the sight. Edward's emotions held a perpetual melancholy undercurrent, as if he somehow felt that he couldn't be truly happy. She'd encountered the same emotion in people who had lost someone they loved dearly, or those who somehow felt undeserving of love in the first place. It saddened her to think that Edward fit into either of those categories. They chatted about lighter topics for a few minutes before Edward's cell phone vibrated. Casting Bella an apologetic look, he reached into his pocket and answered. "Hello? Yes, I'm in a café." By his increasing anxiety level, something was definitely wrong. Edward raised an index finger, meeting Bella's worried dark eyes as his listened. Then he stood up, grabbed his jacket, turned and walked a few steps away. It would be odd if she didn't know how stressed he was. Bella quickly put on her windbreaker and backpack, gathered the empty cups and plates, and placed them into the used dish tubs. She could just barely make out what he was saying. Fortunately, her hearing was exceptionally good. "What about the woman with me? Is it after her? Or is she the danger?" He faced Bella again, subtly gesturing for her to follow him. He walked confidently to the back of the store. "Good, because there's no way in hell I'm leaving her behind." Edward's velvet voice was now a growl. "Thanks, Al." He closed the phone and stuffed it into his back jeans pocket. He then cast her an oddly pleading glance, as if willing her to read his mind, before casually heading toward the employee exit at the rear. Bella didn't even hesitate. Even if she couldn't detect Edward's urgency laced with fear, she knew they had to get out of there. There was something off…heavy…approaching, and her instinct was to flee. The pair didn't speak as they moved quickly across the rear parking lot in the misty drizzle. We need to get to a busy street , she thought. Dammit, it looks so far away! Edward forced himself to calm down. There was no point in making his new friend panic. Bella had been staring determinedly at the approaching street, willing it to hurry up and get to them. Now she glanced up at the man walking next to her. "We'll make it," he assured her softly, slightly out of breath from the pace they were keeping up. Bella nodded. She could tell he was right. "Which way?" she asked when they reached the sidewalk. Edward hesitated. "I think we evaded whatever that was. I'll take you home. I've probably done enough damage for one day." "What?" What does that mean, wondered Bella . What damage? There's no way he's escaping without an explanation of what just happened. Then her insecurities took over. Stupid, she chastised herself. He had no intention of talking with you in the first place, remember? He's obviously had enough of your company. Bella's stomach twisted painfully at that last thought. "Whoa! Where are you going in such a hurry?" Edward hand on her elbow brought her to a halt. "You keep forgetting that I can read your thoughts, don't you?" Damn! Yes, I do. Edward's dazzling grin flashed briefly before he became serious again. "Bella, I'm not trying to get away from you." He blew out a tense breath. "That was my friend Alice who called. She had a vague glimpse of me having coffee with a young brunette woman, when suddenly a large dark cloud approached, threatening to engulf us." Dark cloud? That drew Bella's attention from the pleasant tingling in her arm where he still held her. "I felt it," she confirmed with a small frown. Unconsciously she stepped closer to Edward. "It was heavy, ominous. Could you hear anyone?" He shook his head slowly, replaying the scenario in his mind. "Now that you mention it, it is odd that I didn't hear anyone." "Has this happened before?" "No, not like this. What about to you?" "No." Edward released her arm and took a small step back. Bella didn't need her gift to interpret the pained expression on his handsome face. "Bella, this is wrong. I can't get you involved. I don't know what I was thinking…" He took a couple more steps back. There it was, more pronounced this time. The sense of utter loneliness and melancholy. Usually so careful to think things through, this time Bella made one of the few snap decisions of her life. You were thinking that you could finally be yourself, she thought to him. Let's go to my place, and you'll tell me about the Institute. 1