you she was leaving." "True," I mused. "It's still not fair." "Life's not fair, Ringtail. That's the point of living." "That makes no sense at all!." I snapped. His riddles got annoying sometimes. "If life were fair then there would be nothing worth living for." "Is this one of those phili-psycho talks of yours?" "It's a fact of life. Think about it." I did. "Life's not fair, but if it were Renee and Charlie would have gotten along, which means that I would have never met you or Leah, but then on the other hand I would have a better time of things. But then where does that leave you and Leah? Either way you'd still be with the Cullens and she'd still find her own way. What would be the point?" "Exactly." "Do you have to be so cryptic, Dad?" "Yes, Ringtail. How else will you learn to think?" "I get the sense that the answer I want to give you is not what you want to hear." "By all means, kid." "We learn stuff at school." "The only good thing about school is that it gives you insight to other people." "Philosophy?" "Basic psychology." "In what world?!" "You have to know what to look for." "Empathy doesn't give you all the answers." I objected. "Neither does telepathy or precognition or even plain old perception." "They're all parts of a whole." "Even that doesn't help. You can have all of those and not completely know a person because what other people see only goes so far, awesome powers or not." "Now take that and apply it to Leah." I thought about it. "It's obvious she was miserable," I mused. "And she's been hinting at leaving long before I came, hasn't she? You don't need powers to know that. That's just snooping now... Is the reason she's miserable because she hasn't found what she was looking for?" Jasper looked perturbed. "It depends on what you think she's looking for." "That Jacob boy called it an imprint. Is like those stories she told us in Phoenix?" "You think she's looking for love? Seems like there's more to it." "I think she's looking for peace." I corrected. "She was unhappy and the only reason she waited so long was because she wanted to make sure she had all her priorities straight before she left-." "Which evidently included you." "What?" "You're half the reason she stayed in the first place." "Oh… I didn't think of that. Anyway, she got all her priorities straight and now there's nothing holding her back. She's looking for something to chase out the bad. She wants to be happy, and that doesn't have to mean she imprints." "Sounds like you've got it about right." "I still want her to come back." I grumbled. "Let her find what she's looking for first." Jasper offered. "Guarantee she'll come back and tell us all about it." "Some people never find what they're looking for." "Life is not a fairy tale and love is not some victory march. If she finds it then kudos to her. If not then you can only hope the replacement is enough to be content by." "Your riddles are strange, Dad." "They're riddles, Ringtail. What did you expect? Are you hungry?" "I ate lunch." I offered promptly. "Not what I asked." "Kinda." My stomach betrayed me. "You did not eat lunch." Jasper informed me. "You should know better than to lie to me, Isabella." And… he full-named me. Not mad, but getting there. "I'll eat when I get home." "I'm going to feed you either way." Jasper snorted. "I can cook for myself!" I groused. "Not the point, Bells." Less angry than he was disappointed. He made enchiladas with creamed spinach and macaroni and cheese as sides, knowing I would eat every bite. "Where does all that food go, kid?" The big one, Emmett, wondered aloud as I, much to Jasper's chagrin, inhaled my food like there was no tomorrow. "I'm almost positive at least one of the four parents you claim to have has taught you better than that." He scowled. "Can you blame me? You haven't made this in years!" "I haven't seen you since you were six." He deadpanned. "Exactly!" I exclaimed. "Renee's not my mother. " I added as an afterthought. "Are you saying that because you actually remember her or because I hate her?" "Pick one." I offered. "You can't hate people because other people hate them." "Everyone does it somehow." I countered. "That doesn't make it right. Leah's had to have taught you better than that." "Leah's half the reason-." "Finish that sentence, I dare you." Jasper sneered. "Leah has done nothing but teach you how to live your life where others have failed. Parents or not, you will respect that!" "Yes, sir." I scowled, finishing up my snack. "Is there anything else you wanted to whine about or can I take you home?" "What was the point of sticking around if you both planned on leaving anyhow?" "People come and go, Ringtail. Most of the time there's nothing you can do about it. It's not my fault your mother could barely take care of herself and it wasn't Leah's job to baby you. That was a choice she made and the only reason I stuck around was to keep you safe, not play house." "And yet here you've been doing the exact same thing." I snorted. Hypocrite. "That was not my job." "Still haven't told me why you bothered." "That's for me to know, Ringtail. What have I told you about secrets?" "Everyone has them and they're not meant to be found out. You never said anything about lying, though, and last I figured those usually end up being the same." Jasper rolled his eyes. "Go home, then. You obviously know I'm here, so mission accomplished. Why are you still here?" Jasper snapped, clearly done with the conversation. I sure wasn't. "Hasn't anyone taught you to finish what you start?"