averted his eyes. They weren't like him at all. They were threatening and very smart. The sat near exits with view of the whole cafeteria. Jasper didn't want any problems but he'd surely give them one his instincts were right about their imposing threat to his safety. He wouldn't look over again even if he'd missed one of the girls at the table-Bella. He wanted to leave suddenly. He was aggravated and flushed. Forks hadn't been as non threatening as he'd hoped. Jasper didn't give a fuck how beautiful they were or if they were together. He didn't like them. And he wouldn't interact or engage in such unknown territories. Forks was their town. He listened to the boy further explain the Cullen story and internalized it for memory. Know your enemy- " GUYS! You won't believe this" a girl came trotting over to the table and Jasper looked up to have his blood run cold. The girl in front of him reminded him of a girl he'd taken when he was 15. The memory flashed back in his head. He stopped it and quickly removed himself from the table. The brown haired girl made him nauseous. He didn't want to relive a moment. The moment he'd become bound to hell. Jasper didn't need any of this shit added to his life here. He needed an easy-going carefree experience in Forks. After all he'd never lived a life without manipulation, loss, anger, control and punishment. Jasper entered his last class of the day and it was unfortunately a lab. He'd have to interact with someone everyday for the remaining of the first semester and have to pretend he wasn't counting the minutes that had passed. He waited for the class to enter and talked to the teacher to find the empty lab table. He was directed to a back corner table by the window and he plopped down my inside and left the aisle seat next to him empty. The seat next to him shifted and he noticed tight denim from his bowed head taking notes from the prewritten board. A woman. Good. Jasper wouldn't have to change his seat. Women could impose the greatest threat to him of all but he didn't feel his hair raise nor his heart accelerate at the potential danger. He'd gotten good at reading people, noticing, observing and most importantly strategizing. Jasper ignored the female beside him until he was interrupted. "I'm Bella. Bella Cullen. It's nice to meet you Jasper". That forced Jasper to look up and he lost his train of thought. The girl beside of him was small and very very pale. Her skin almost seemed to have the reflectiveness of snow. She needed some sun for sure. His eyes quickly asserted her arms and noticed no markings or tiger wise disturbing flaws. She was rather soft looking. He swift his eyes up to her face there was the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen. She had a small baby doll face with long hair. Brunette. Not quite the brunette he'd imaged or seen all his life. Her hair was mahogany. It almost seemed to be brick red and brown a twist of color to contrast her rather pasty skin. He didn't mind though. The paleness. She was rather striking. He liked her lips most of all. They were parted and he could see a set of straight fucking teeth. She was perfect. Jasper ignored the warmth that sweep through him at the attraction he felt for the girl. She wasn't threatening to him. "Yeah likewise." She had gold eyes like the fucker at the table. Jasper wanted to sink his fingers in the boys eyes and take them out. He didn't think the girl would approve of his thoughts. He wanted to kill her brother after all. "So... How do you like Forks?" "Too fucking small. Too fucking nosy. And definitely not quite as peaceful as I assumed". Jasper's accented fluctuated with his irritation. She was very very attractive. He hushed his pumping blood headed to a certain spot between his legs. He didn't need a raging hard on nor did he need a fantasy of any woman in his head. Not ever Her. "Oh! Where are you from?" "Texas. You?" "Phoenix Arizona. That was a long time ago. We move a lot. I find it rather refreshing the rain." "Yeah". Jasper no longer wanted to contribute conversation and focused on the teacher. Bella was a thorn in his side. She was beautiful and friendly. He felt himself feeling agitated with her amicable behavior, she was as friendly as the Angela girl. Even worst was her voice sounded like wind chimes in the distance. It was like music to his ears. Another thing for him to store into his memory for a fantasy. Why were the hot and attractive women like her in Forks any fucking way? He found the inability to escape obstacles in his life an omen from the gods. He was the forsaken one and he most definitely was the ruler of Hell after his mother. Jasper hadn't wanted attention and he didn't need it. "Hey uhhh Jasper?" "Bella?" He hadn't spoken her name out loud before but the name seemed to silence the buzzing murmur of talking students in the room. His ears seemed clogged with anything but the syllabus of her name for a moment. It rolled off his tongue with a rather thick accent form Texas and something else Jasper couldn't quite identity. His voice saying her name hadn't sounded as dry as everything else he'd said. Jasper kept a tight role on his emotions. Before he could hear he desire the bell rung and he got up quickly. She looked at him fairly surprised. He offered her a smirk and apologetic shrug. He didn't want to talk with anyone quite so closely. He'd felt rather trapped then. The other high schoolers rounded in packs. Jasper was a rather different, dark, and suffering being.