up to meet us at the coffee shop and I was sure everyone was trying not to bring to much attention to it. "I'll ask him. Not sure that he will show up though," I said not sure what else to say. "I can ask him if you want." Jasper offered with a sympathetic smile. "No, it's ok. I'll ask him later." I said slightly defeated. We finished our coffees and muffins before we headed of towards the exam halls. Only Alice and I had an exam this afternoon so we slowly walked over to the examination hall. Once we said good bye to our friends, Alice and I walked to the exam hall. Once we were walking alone the Alice inquisition started. "So how are things between you and Edward?" Alice asked softly. I mentally sighed, not sure how to answer that. "It's fine." I lied, not really in the mood to get into my problems with Edward before my exam. "Bella, I know it's not fine, we all do. Talk to me about it. We are all worried about the two of you," Alice said as she took my hand and gave it a sympathetic squeeze. "It's not fine. It's horrible Allie. He is so distant. We hardly spend any time together other than our training sessions and when we do it feels strained on his part. Kind of like he really doesn't want to be there. I can't remember the last time he kissed me and our sex life is non-excitant," I confided. I felt relieved talking to someone but my heart hurt from admitting to our problems out loud. "Oh Bella, that's awful. Do you know why he is being so distant?" Alice asked as she took my hand and gave it a sympathetic squeeze. "I thought it might be with the stress of everything that happened. Perhaps he is having a hard time dealing with it all but I feel like there is something else but I don't know what it is." I said dejectedly. "Edward loves you Bella. I know it might not seem that way but he still looks at you in that I-can't-live-without-you way he always have," Alice tried to assure me. "You think so?" I asked. "Yeah, I really do. I don't think he will ever stop loving you. Plus I saw how he reacted to that pervert Mike flirting and touching you. If that doesn't scream that he still loves you then I don't know what does," Alice said with a knowing smile. "You know something don't you?" I asked suspiciously. "Let's just say that I won't worry about you and Edward not ending up together in the end," she said vaguely. We rounded the corner to the hall and before I could question her anymore she stopped abruptly and I walked straight into her back. "Alice, what the fuck?" I hissed as I tried to regain my balance. She didn't answer me so I looked over to what she was staring at. In the hallway across from us stood Edward and Heidi, hidden from the flow of students heading to the exam hall. From what I could see Heidi was leaning against Edward's torso with her hand moving up and down his chest. She was whispering to him what looked like it was meant to be seductively. Edward on the other hand looked absolutely furious. His hands were clenched into fists and was held rigidly at his sides. I couldn't help but smile a little at the clear anger on Edward's face at Heidi's advances. I slowly walked closer as I really wanted that bitch to stop touching Edward. I was a few feet away from them when Heidi stood up on her tippy toes and tried to kiss my man. I saw red but before I could do anything Edward pushed her away from him harshly before she could get her lips near his. "What the fuck do you think you are doing?" Edward hissed at Heidi as he held her away from him. "Oh come on Eddie. I know you want me. Everyone knows you and the trollop are done for. So why are you denying yourself the touch of a real woman?" Heidi whispered seductively as she tried to kiss him again. Damn, she really can't take a hint. "Don't you dare talk about Bella like that! I don't want you! I lo.. I will always want her and that will never change! How much more clear can I make that to you?!" Edward sneered at her as he pushed her away from him again. My heart did a little jump at hearing Edward say he will always want me. However it almost sounded like he was about to tell the skanky troll that he loves me. He hasn't said that to me yet but he has assured me in many way that he does. Well he did before the werewolf attack anyway. I cleared my throat and both Edward and Heidi's heads snapped towards me in a comical way that nearly made me laugh. Before Edward could say anything, that douche nozzle Mike Newton called us into the hall as our exam is about to start. The three of us reluctantly walked into the exam hall. Before I could make my way down the aisle to my seat Edward grabbed my hand and pulled me into him. His hand slid into my hair and he crashed his lips onto mine hungrily. The kiss was filled with passion and dare I say love? He pulled away too quickly for my liking. I pouted up at him and he gave me his signature smirk. "Good luck with your exam love" Edward whispered as he let me go. "Edward…" I started but he cut me off with a quick peck to the lips. "Not here. We'll talk about it later," He said with pleading eyes. I nodded and wished him luck and made my way to my table.