His head was facing down as he focused his attention on the beat and got lost in another world that I wish I knew. Then he looked straight ahead and began to sing. "Wow they are actually pretty good" Alice whispered. I looked over and noticed her eyeing Jasper. I elbowed her "See something you like girl?" She immediately blushed and looked the other way. "I think I am gonna drink, you weirdos need anything?" Rosalie finally tore her eyes of Emmett who was having a great time bashing those drums like no tomorrow and smiled "Yea get us a round of screaming orgasms. Lord knows we could all use a few" and then started to laugh hysterically. Alice looked at her like she had lost her mind and looks at me. "You know, that actually that sounds pretty good to me" I say. Rosalie really starts to loose it and I join in with her laughter. Alice just shook her head. "Why do I even bother? You two are psycho" and walked away leaving a couple guys in her way look at her wishfully. I sigh and turn my attention back to Edward and get lost in the words he is singing. I'd like to say that he noticed me. That he pointed and sang right too me, but that is far from the truth. In reality, he just looked straight ahead. Like he was in his own little world. He didn't give me or any other girl in the room any attention. He was just focused on the music. I just enjoyed the view. Eventually Alice came back with the drinks, and us girls just sat back and enjoyed the songs. It felt great. But all good things must come to an end. "And I'll end with this song" Edwards angelic voice slurred. I soaked up every word and when the song was over, I jumped out of my chair and clapped frantically. Alice just starred up at me in shock and Rosalie ran up to the stage and Emmett pulled her up and gave her a huge kiss in front of everyone. Some girls in the front gave Rose death glares. Rose just smiled smugly and dragged him to the bar. Alice groaned. "Great those two are going to be making out for the rest of the time" and got out of her chair to join them at the bar. I look up at the stage and see Edward alone unplugging something. I see a couple girls congratulate him, and he smiles but doesn't engage too much with them. They eventually gave up and went back to wherever they were hanging out. I look the other way and see Emmett and Rosalie at the bar messing around and Alice look at Jasper in disgust as he chugged a glass of beer. I decide to make a move on Edward. The alcohol was giving me some confidence and I strutt over to him "Hello Edward" I attempted to purr and make my voice low and sexy. He looked up from whatever he was doing and raised one eyebrow. Holly shit that was hot. Would it be weird to lick him? Or maybe just pet his hair. God I have problems. "Heyyy you're one of Rosalie's friends right?" he asked "sorry I forgot your name" he looked back down at the cords and started to fittle with them. "Yes, I am. My name is Bella. I just wanted to say you guys were amazing. Fucking rocked my panties off. Oh shit I mean socks. Sorry a little drunk is all. Is your hair really that color? Can I touch it?" and then to end my embarrassing rant, I burped probably the biggest burp a girl can muster. My hands flew to my face to cover up my blush and just laughed. Edward looked at me and then just started to laugh too. He had a beautiful laugh. I wanted to record it and listen to it every day. He stood up and pried my hands from my face. Oh god, his skin was so soft. Like a blanket. I wanted his hands to stay there forever "Bella it's a pleasure to meet you. Glad you enjoyed the show. Now where did our friends run off too?" and looked around. Probably trying to escape me and my drunkenness. I looked around and saw our friends at the edge of the bar. "They are right there" I pointed. Edward narrowed his eyes and looked "Oh I see them. It looks really busy. Where was that table you girls were sitting at? Is it still open?" I looked at him in surprise. I had no idea that he had even noticed were we were sitting. This is huge. Does this mean he noticed us notice him? I pried my eyes off him and look around. Sure enough our table was occupied by another group and didn't look like they were leaving anytime soon. "Yea" I pointed to our table "that's our table and its occupied". Edward glanced and sighed "Figures" he said. "Do you wanna maybe go outside? I saw a couple of tables out there. And it's a pretty nice night. What do you say?" and looked at me with those piercing green eyes. Holy shit. How could I say no? I didn't want to say no. If he asked me to go watch paint dry, I wouldn't say no. I gave him a smile and said "I would love that. You lead the way" He smiled at me and grabbed my hand and pulled me through the crowd. Was I dreaming? Was this for real? This might be the best night of my existence. I couldn't wait for what was about to unfold And that's that! Please leave reviews! This is my first fanction! I know I want there to be a little drama, but nothing huge! Any recommendations you have for me would be great! Thank you so much!