say anything, too stunned to say anything. Bella crossed her arms tightly and her shoulders moved in a jerky shrug. "I adore you. More than I thought I was capable of. I—" "I love you," Rosalie said honestly, passionately. Maybe more than anything else she'd ever said in her entire life. In that moment, she was certain she would've heard Bella's heart even if she was still human. Then Bella's face twisted and her voice came out as a whisper. "Don't say that. Even if we do whatever this is and even if you guys decide to tag me into the vampire team? I can't do this and then when you bump into your mate—" Rosalie didn't process anything else she said because suddenly everything made sense. She wanted to slap herself. She wanted to slap Alice, to slap Bella. She wanted to slap anyone and everyone. Hell, she wanted to slap the Earth itself and change its rotation. "You idiot." The humor in her voice made Bella wipe at her eyes a little violently. "Oh, gee, thanks, Rosalie. I appreciate your concern over my feelings." "Isabella, I've already met my mate." All the anger and sadness whooshed out of Bella in something between a scoff and a huff and she suddenly looked more exasperated than anything else. She even uncrossed her arms to somewhat throw them up in the small space between them. "Then what the hell are you fucking around with me for?" A small smile pulled at Rosalie's lips. She raised her eyebrows. Shocked did not begin to describe how Rosalie felt when Bella slapped her face. "Are you fucking kidding me? I, you. Do you even know— " She cut herself off with an aggravated noise that dissolved into a wild laugh. "You slapped me." Bella glanced at her reddening palm. "A little harder than I should've, yeah." Then she met gold eyes. "Why didn't you say something?" "I didn't want you to feel as if you didn't have a choice. And," Rosalie's eyes drifted and her voice dropped, "I wanted you to choose me." "How could I not choose you? Do you know who you are?" Rosalie couldn't restrain herself any longer. She pulled Bella to her and wrapped her arms around her mate. A slow sigh left her as Bella's grip on her tightened. "Someone who belongs right here." "That was good," Bella said into her shoulder, "But I'm still pissed at you." "Oh?" Rosalie pulled away enough to glare down at her. "You think I'm not pissed at you for just avoiding me? Me, of all people. How dare you?" "Whatever. I'm sick of your bitch ass. Feed me." She left the embrace entirely, but she also laced their fingers together before walking toward the door. Leaving the diner, Rosalie looked at Bella when she suddenly apologized. "What for?" Bella grimaced and gave Rosalie's hand a light squeeze. "For snapping at you on Saturday." "I understand. It's alright." Rosalie expected a verbal response, of course. Maybe a small, physical one as well. She did not remotely expect a warm hand to come to her shoulder and support Bella as she kissed her cheek. Her wide smile made Bella's blush deepen. It was weird, to be doing this and feeling this way. Driving to a human's house while she held their hand and they idly talked. Rosalie Hale could have basically anything in the world she wanted, but there wasn't anything else she could think of that she wanted more than this. She pulled into the Swans' driveway with something dangerously close to a pout on her face. Bella noticed. "Wanna come chill in my room with me? Charlie won't mind." "I suppose," Rosalie said casually. "I should be able to postpone my plans by an hour with minimal effect." Brown eyes rolled as she got out of the car. They passed Charlie, who grinned at the sight of them. He asked about their days and how Esme and Carlisle were doing. He also asked about homework and though Bella gave a smooth answer, it almost made Rosalie raise an eyebrow. Almost. Bella whipped around upon entering her own room and glared at Rosalie's innocent expression. She snatched a dozen roses off her bed, staring at the other 48. "When did you even do this?" Rosalie smiled. In what was realistically an odd gesture, Bella shook them at the vampire. "Stop giving me these!" She sat against Bella's headboard and pulled some roses into her lap, toying with the petals. "I'm the gift that keeps on giving." Bella groaned at the pun. She shifted some of the flowers to her dresser so that she could throw herself down on the bed. "Well I'm sick of it." "You're sick of me?" She rolled onto her stomach and pulled free one rose's petals before throwing them all over Rosalie. "You're the only Rose I care about." Rosalie flashed her a dazzling smile, enjoying the increase in her heartbeat. Then, in a swift motion, she removed every petal from the dozen flowers in her lap and threw them into Bella's face. "Hey!" Bella popped off the bed, spitting a stray petal out of her mouth, and threw two dozen, intact roses at the vampire. A couple minutes later, after much yelling and the sound of a book flying, Charlie opened Bella's door to see a wild flurry of rose petals and many more littering the room. In the sudden silence, Rosalie and Bella stared at him and he decided to just close the door and walk away. The ruckus immediately continued. A/N: I could've also titled this, "In Which Rosalie Buys Every Damn Rose In Forks." But damn, that got really gay at the end. Like, hella gay. Rosalie stays theatrical, I don't care what the fuck she says lol Bitch, that was too many damn roses. Okay, okay. Taking my ass to finish chapter 20 of Black Star and work on 21. See you guys later!