twitched, but she let it go. "So, what I think you're actually supposed to say is something along the lines of 'If you're unhappy, you can talk to me.'" Bella shrugged, finally making it to their bench. "What are you—No—I—Bella, why—" She slapped at Rosalie's hands even as Rosalie did the same to her and leaned away. She stopped trying to put her jacket over Rosalie's shoulders. Once Rosalie exhaled, irritated, and looked away, Bella rushed to throw it over her shoulders. "There. Damn. You're so difficult." Rosalie adjusted the jacket, eyeing Bella as she dropped down onto the bench. "Bella, I'm a vampire." "Yeah, well, Charlie raised me better than that." She rubbed the back of her neck, huffing. "If you hate my dress that much, you only had to say so." "What!" Bella whipped around to look at her so fast her neck cracked. She waved her hands in front of her as her eyebrows rose above her sunglasses. "That's not what I'm saying, I'm saying it's cold outside! The dress is great, beautiful. Beautiful on you. Not that you need it to be beautiful! You redefine the word. Not 'redefine' like in a bad way, but. Well maybe you don't and you just personify it or something. But I'm serious, your hair looks great and that's such a nice blue and the style is nice, whatever it is. I don't speak dress. I don't know what it is when it's like, just one strap off the shoulder and it's got that triangle that shows some of your chest? Alice probably told me but I'm an idiot. And that slit up the side? Oh shit, but I don't ogle you, I don't want you to think that. I just. Oh my god you were joking. That was a joke." Rosalie kept a hand over one of the most genuine smiles she'd felt on her face in a long time. Bella shot to her feet. She got halfway to the door before she spun around and strode back, all of her movements jerky. She pointed down as if to accent what she planned to say. "I like that your eyes shift color so much with your emotions instead of just being bright-ass gold all the time because it makes me feel less like a freak." Capturing the back of Bella's silver vest before she could flee, Rosalie swallowed back a purr. She'd never even thought about it before. But now she wondered if it was one of the reasons Bella went out of her way to bother her so much. Bella sat back down when her vest was tugged, though she resolutely stared forward. It was interesting. Victoria had made Bella sputter more than once, but Rosalie never saw an actual blush on her face until tonight. So maybe Bella did…feel something for her. Rosalie's brow furrowed at a thought. If it wasn't for the fact she was a married woman, you could almost say Bella had been courting her in a weird, annoying way. Suddenly her mood soured as she thought about Emmett. She'd have to take care of that issue soon, if he didn't beat her to it. Or if he hadn't already reached that conclusion. Possible, considering he hadn't come outside after her in all this time. Rosalie pulled Bella's jacket tighter against herself and sighed. She couldn't be more than Bella's friend. Emmett loved his Boo far too much and Bella was certainly fond of him. "Do you like the ocean?" She glanced at the girl, who seemed a little less stiff. "I do." "I want to drown in it. Not, like, in a suicidal way, but, I don't know. It's just so vast and infinite. It's the closest I can get to space. It could consume me and I'd cease to exist in something bigger and darker than we could ever hope to be. How much do you like it?" "I did something like that once, actually. In the eighties." Rosalie smirked when Bella looked at her. "I just kind of went in and eventually let it take me where it wanted." Bella turned completely, crossing a leg up on the bench and over her knee. "You know you have to tell me about that now, right?" "Hmm, I don't think I will." "I don't deserve this cruelty. I'm telling Esme." Amber eyes rolled. "Go ahead. I'll cite all the times you've bothered me." "My acts of friendship can't be used against me!" " Friendship ?" "You pushed me out of a truck, remember?" "You called me 'wifey.' I don't know what you expected." Bella tilted her head as she subtly rocked back and forth with a hum. "That's fair." "Ah, so you know you're a villain." "Villain? That's going a little far, don't you think? Or maybe not far enough. How does 'enemies to wifey' sound?" "Like I'm going to push Buggy off a cliff." "You wouldn't!" Rosalie laughed at the horror on her face. It was brief, and only happened once, but Bella's heart stuttered. And then Rosalie told her about when she let the ocean take her. How it felt, where she went. The incident of a man thinking she was a siren meaning to overturn his boat and drag him to the dark depths. As Bella gave her undivided attention, bouncing in her attempt to limit her interruptions or exclamations, Rosalie reached a conclusion. Yes, she would cause ripples in the family, and maybe even a rift or two. Rosalie Hale was a selfish bitch, after all. A/N: Yeah I have a serious thing about Rosalie spending some time acting like a siren and that isn't changing. You like that parallel of Bella identifying with Rose because Rose's eyes are always flying through colors? I do. I love it. God damn I hope you guys like this mess. Remember to drop all complaints to Paige at her tumblr, thirteenohtoo, and praise at mine, which is my username. Kidding, kidding lol