and Alice's smile fell. It was ridiculous. It was unbelievably needy . But she definitely needed more conversation with Bella Swan. Apparently it took less than five minutes for her to become addicted to it. She couldn't imagine going back to making it be enough just to be next to her for one class, five days a week. Like she had for the past two months. As she ran through their conversation to find something to branch off of, one thing registered to her. "You called me your friend." The pen stopped again and Bella idly scratched her cheek as she looked at her, smearing ink there in the process and it took everything of Alice not to coo. Thank anything and everything Rosalie wasn't the one who could feel emotions because she'd probably throttle Alice and she wouldn't even blame her. "Well, yeah. Why wouldn't I?" "We've never talked before this." Bella cocked an eyebrow and pointed her pen over Alice's shoulder. "There is an empty table there I was stoked to have to myself, but I saw you smile at me before I could get to it. I could've been sitting there this whole time." Alice looked back and sure enough, it was there. Empty. She stared at it while trying to process that yes, Bella wanted and chose to be around her even when she'd been freakishly weird. Bella chose to be near her when she purposely sat alone at lunch most days, rarely humoring Angela. "I thought something happened for you to not really smile again, but I don't know you well enough to ask and I don't like being rude. Well, I do, but, anyway, your laugh sounded happy a few minutes ago. And now I'm not really making sense or saying what I wanted to." Alice turned back around and almost sprinted out the door at the adorably frustrated look on Bella's face as she tried to sort out her words. She managed to appear sane and just smiled a little. "It's okay, I get it." "Thank god. This is why no one talks to me. I'm a mess." "We can be a mess together!" Not a composed thing to say, at all. And it didn't help that she'd bounced while saying it. Was she really over a hundred years old? "Wanna be a mess at the movies tonight?" "Absolutely," Alice blurted. Where was Rosalie to throw her out the window when she needed it the most? Except Bella apparently didn't think anything of her answer and, as the bell rang, wrote her phone number in a corner of Alice's sketchbook that was untouched by the previous chaos of her mind. "Text me." She hardly refrained from texting Bella before she even left the room. A sigh dragged out of Rosalie as she pulled her head out from under the hood of Edward's Volvo for the tenth time. She didn't bother hiding the tiredness from her face or looking at the items Alice shook with a sort of desperate insistence. "I'm sure you can wear whatever to your date. All of your clothes are fantastic and you know it." "It's not a date!" Alice held the two dresses closer to herself, gaze focusing on the car. "I'm just getting to know my best friend." "You don't even know if it's a date or not?" "Is being a mess at the movies a date?" She looked at the green dress before setting it atop the Mustang's hood with half a dozen other discards. "You're not good for being a mess." Rosalie's fists settled on her hips. "What does that even mean?" "No idea. Blue?" Sighing even as Alice shook the dress, she looked at it. Didn't dip too low and she already knew it settled nicely over Alice's small shoulders. "Yes. And I'll drop you off so your girlfriend can take you home." "She's not m—" The syllable died in Alice's tongue under Rosalie's penetrating stare. "Am I so obvious?" Gold eyes looked at the evidence of Alice sweeping into the garage, desperately seeking her opinion when it was unnecessary. "Esme and Emmett haven't figured it out. I'm guessing the rest know." Alice swallowed at the unspoken question and hoped her sister wasn't hurt or offended. She fidgeted with the dress in her hands. "I didn't want you to be mad. And I certainly didn't know you'd like her. And—" "I wouldn't be mad , Alice." The blonde came over and squeezed Alice's shoulder and neither of them mentioned the fact Alice might burn the shirt for having grease on it now. "Concerned, yes. Mad, no." The hanger broke in Alice's hand, but the dress didn't fall. She looked up with shining eyes that made her sister sigh. "I don't even know if she can feel it! Carlisle's never heard of it and I can't stand someone else saying it. She's so, so, ugh! I feel like a lovestuck teenager. I feel, I, I don't know!" "Insane?" " Yes ." Rosalie laughed, patting Alice's shoulder before going back to the Volvo. "Sometimes, I am literally beyond disgusted with myself for how happy I feel just seeing Emmett's face. Let me know when you're ready to go and start wooing your mate." "Thanks, Rose." She started gathering the fifteen dresses she'd brought into the blonde's domain. "And Alice?" "Hm?" "Unheard of or not, she's doomed to you even if I have to chain her to you." Alice darted over to give an awkward hug with so many dresses on her arm and Rosalie being bent over a car. Then, hand on the door, ready to leave Rosalie to the peace she'd disrupted, she paused and halfway turned around. "Do you think I should do a shirt and skirt combo instead?" "Get the hell out." A/N: Updates are whenever and I'm halfway done with chapter four already and now I'm going to go work on finishing Black Star's 24th chapter. Hope you liked it, see ya later.