out of nowhere. I jerked in surprise, staring at her wordlessly, my mouth hanging open. My heart stuttered and I blushed bright red, as was my curse, but for the life of me, I couldn't talk. What do you say to an incredibly gorgeous girl who was caught glaring at you for no reason? Especially one who had found you later and was now staring at you? And she was. Staring at me with wide coal black eyes and a twitching perfectly formed mouth. She didn't move. She didn't even seem to breath. I swallowed painfully hard. What did she want from me? That's what I would've asked if I could. Hello, my name is Brennan. Can I do something for you? Do you have a problem with me? I felt like some kind of bird caught in a snake's snare, unable to move but frightened beyond belief. Someone else suddenly appeared behind Elise, snapping me out of the trance. I stepped back in shock and confusion. It was one of her brothers, the short, dark-haired one. How long had he been standing there? I hadn't seen him walk up. Her brother didn't make any move to touch Elise, looking between her and me several times in quick succession. He didn't talk, standing very close behind Elise as if to protect her, his face serene. His dark eyes were just as intense as hers though. Elise suddenly broke eye contact with me, bowing her head. Her shoulders were bunched, her hands clenched. She was leaning slightly forward, toward me. Her pale, dark haired brother raised a hand as if to place it on her shoulder, but she shook her head and he lowered his hand, looking to me with a curious expression. I stood there unmoving, probably looking like an idiot, while all of this went on. I probably could've said hello or something, but my brain seemed to be working on half its normal power and all I could think was "Get out of here!" I turned and practically ran away down the hall. After my initial panic attack, I remembered where it was that I wanted to go and realized that I was walking in the opposite direction. Too embarrassed and freaked out to turn around, I kept on walking, telling myself that I'd find some roundabout way to the office. Erin Yorkie soon found me and I kept a very good eye out for any of the Cullen family while she led me back to the office. I didn't see any of them, though, and the signature slip drop-off went off without a hitch. The difficulties came later when Mike Newton saw me walking out toward Main Street. She pulled up beside me in her little old Chevy Cavalier, her radio blasting pop music, shouting through the passenger window, "Hey, Brennan, do you need a ride?" "No, thanks," I answered readily, trying to subtly hint that I just wanted to be alone, rain or no rain. "You sure?" she pressed, finally turning down her radio. I nodded and adjusted my bag's strap. "Ok," she said, one of her eyebrows cricked upward. "See you tomorrow." She drove away. Four other people stopped to ask if I needed a ride and I turned down all of them, getting more frustrated every time. It may or may not have been due to my internal musings. Eventually, I got back to the house. The empty, silent, chilly house scattered with law books and file folders. I had a time getting my sneakers off, which were so wet they acted like suction cups to my feet. My clothes were completely soaked through and I could feel the cold all the way to my center, so I went straight up to the bathroom. After peeling my clothes off and draping them over the shower rod, I took the hottest, longest shower of my life. What the heck had happened today? I changed into some dry jeans and a hoodie and attempted to start my English essay for Mrs. Mason, but I found that I was too antsy to sit around for very long. I ended up calling Everett, one of my old friends in Phoenix. He wasn't able to talk for very long, but his usual banter about girls and homework served its purpose; my anxiety had calmed considerably by the time he had to go. I didn't tell him about Elise Cullen. Everett would've definitely been interested to hear about her, but I didn't tell him. I didn't understand why, though. I hadn't done anything condemnable or unusually embarrassing. Anything I would have to say would be about Elise's strange behavior, but I guess it seemed too much like gossiping. I didn't even bring it up with my mom when she came home. As I lay in bed that night, unable to sleep, I began planning what I would say to Elise Cullen in Biology class tomorrow. I wanted to demand what her problem was or even tell her diplomatically that I didn't care what she thought about me. I knew I was a lot braver in my head than I would be in actuality. I'd probably just try ignoring her. I was a paranoid wreck the entire next day. I kept thinking that Elise would turn a corner and I would be stuck under her stare again, unable to move while everyone else walked around me. When lunch rolled around, I couldn't help searching out the Cullens' table. Elise's unique coppery hair color was absent. When I'd made that realization, I couldn't help the increase of anxiety. It didn't help that her family kept glancing over at me and talking quietly together. I didn't allow myself to think too hard about her absence during lunch. She could've just forgone the cafeteria food today. I didn't know for sure that she was avoiding me. Not yet. She wasn't in Biology. I sat alone again. After a week, I didn't bother worrying anymore.