around, and a hand locked around her throat. She clawed at the hand that held her up off the ground, her feet barely scraping the floor. "Master wants her intact, Felix." The leaner and smaller one warned with a hint of a smirk, and Olivia could see 'Felix' grin playfully. "Can always be dismembered and then bodily parts stuck back together." He suggested with a playful tilt of his head as he observed her narrowed eyes. "How about I remove certain bodily parts of yours and then stick them in the wrong place, bastard?" She managed to wheeze out, and Felix's smile became flirtatious and he grinned wider, splitting his face in half. Never understood that stupid saying thing either. Hm. "I'd love for you to, but Master wishes to meet you. Best not to keep him waiting." She found herself being pulled along unwillingly, and it felt like she was walking to a certain death, or a certain doom, as the condemned prisoners had described it in books. She was so screwed. Olivia wilted under the gleeful stare she was getting from no doubt the nuttiest vampire in the history of vampires. Creep. "No, my thoughts are mine and mine alone." She grimaced painfully, a sharp wince whistling through her venom coated teeth. She glared at the vampire who'd she'd bitterly named 'blonde witch bitch' in her head. "Would you stop that?" She snapped. The crazy vampire, Aro, had used her distraction to his advantage, and when she had been snapping at the blonde bitch witch, he snatched up her hand. Her eyes widened and she pulled it away, but it had been more than enough for him to collect the information he needed. His milky red eyes widened and a bright smile appeared on his face. Rain still poured down around everyone, and she was still being restrained by whom she now knew as Demetri, the prick who'd been able to track her as she'd attempted to run, and Felix, another prick whose winking and cocky smiles were starting to officially get on her nerves. Jerks, as Penelope would have called them. "The ability ..." Aro paused as if trying to find a way to describe it. One of his 'brothers' glared at him impatiently. "The ability to manipulate darkness, but you can not make it yourself. Shame. You have to have a source of some kind, to be able to harness it from somewhere." Dread filled Olivia as the excitement she'd at first seen in Geoffrey's eyes appeared in his. " Magnifico ." He said, as in awe. Olivia glanced down sulkily. Now there was no escaping, not that she could vanish anyway with dear ol' Demetri alive and kicking so to speak. "I have an offer I'd like to make you, my dear Olivia. You'd make a perfect addition to the Volturi's guard." "I don't want to be an addition to anything that destroyed my family, the only one I'd had in my whole existence. You must be delusional." She countered and he gave a maniacal laugh, amused by her remarked comment. "They made you protect them without any regard for yourself." "No, they didn't. You think because you destroyed them you know everything? You know nothing about me, about what used to be my coven, or what their motives were." She hissed, and a sharp flash of burning pain spread across her body, vanishing as quickly as it had appeared. She scowled, glaring at the blonde bitch witch. "Stop that!" "Olivia Felton, born 2nd of February, 1901. Mother died when you were six years old, and your father tended to drown his grief in alcohol, thus resulting in the abuse of you until Geoffrey turned you. You long to be free, to have no responsibilities, and you actually think that human made explosives could of destroyed your once coven." If Olivia had been human, she would have been red. "They could of. You don't know that, unless you've done some sort of experiment regarding that subject. You might know my memories, my thoughts and even what I desire from eternity, but you don't know me. And I don't want to know the Volturi, be a part of it or have anything to do with it at all." She watched as he glanced behind him at a coaked woman, whose red eyes stared at her, unmoving. She was quite pretty too, Olivia mused subconsciously. Long brown hair was draped across her shoulders as if it had been purposely styled there. Since she'd been turned at fifteen, she'd only just began to blossom. She had a slender figure, sure enough, and her own hair was the same length as the woman's, but was a mixture of both blonde and brown, giving it a dirty blonde colour look. Her face still retained some of its child-like features, but because of her vampirism, it made her child-like features become beautiful and captivating, thus allowing her to lure prey for her once existing coven to date themselves with. Suddenly, a prickling sensation overcame her, and she frowned. She could feel herself becoming distant from her burning coven mates, even from Geoffrey, whom she'd had the strongest bond with out of all of them. When Aro took her hand again, she wanted to object but didn't, her frown becoming one of confusion. What was happening to her? "Now, shall we discuss that offer again, Olivia?" She glanced at Aro, frown smoothing out slightly. And she couldn't stop the words from tumbling out of her mouth, no matter how hard she tried. "No need." She replied, still frowning a little as to why she would say her next words, ones that would seal her fate forever. "I accept." Authors note -Now, this is the first actual fiction I have published on here so I'm a beginner at publishing on here, but I have already published this fiction on Quotev so some of you might have already read it. Take care and bye.