mad, Jared, I was upset -there's a difference. How can I deal with letting someone I love as much as my Mom and sister constantly put themselves at risk and almost getting killed in the process?" I whispered while I looked at my knotted fingers. Warm hands took mine into theirs. "You do it bravely like you did back in June, and I promise to come back to you. Hey, look at me." Shakily, I lifted my eyes to his warm brown ones. "You did it then, and you just have to do it one more time. All the rest of the imprints are going to be at Sam and Emily's tomorrow, alright? Are you gonna be with them?" I looked back at my fingers. "I don't know. I'm not that good around people other than Kay." I whispered and he nodded after tipping my head back so I was looking at him. "That's cool, Anna. Do you mind if we go inside though? I might be super hot and all, but even some chills get to me." A small smile appeared on my face and I nodded with a quiet chuckle, getting up and crunching my way through the falling snow to the front door. I held it open for him and he closed it behind us both. I'm so glad the two beloved people I live with aren't here and are at another very long physiotherapy session in Forks. Shouldn't be home for another hour. But as soon as we got away from the windows, I pulled him to me and moulded my mouth to his. I caught him by surprise but he caught up quick enough and spun me around, pressing me against the wall and returning the action with so much passion that my head spun. He pulled back quick enough though and I shook my had desperately. "Don't tell me no, please." I whispered. His brows furrowed -I felt the movement against my forehead. "Please," I repeated. "If something does happen tomorrow, if something bad happens, I don't want tonight to be spent just talking and watching some stupid movie. Please don't tell me no." That seemed to register with him as he pulled me from the wall, his mouth pressing back against mine. My hands shook as I fisted them on his t-shirt, and the next thing I knew, my head hit the pillows of my bed. And in this moment, I'd never been so glad that Kayleigh and I had separate beds. I was pulled back to the present though as he pulled his shirt off, his fingers smoothly unbuttoning my shirt. I just laid there, my head spinning and I sat up as he tossed my shirt onto the carpeted floor. I lowered myself back down though, eyes wide and breath shaking between my lips. "I haven't done this before." I whispered breathlessly and he grinned slightly. "Good. You sure you want to do this?" A minute passed before I nodded. "Yeah, I'm positive." I whispered and he nodded while leaning down again. "Good." He murmured. 31st December, 2006 Kayleigh watched as I moved, my face contorted in a painful grimace as I did. Last night was great, yes, but the horrible pain of losing my V-card, that's a different matter altogether. Yeah, it went...after a while, but still. I hope I don't have to feel that pain again. I glanced at her after she raised a brow. "What you looking at, Kay?" I questioned warily and she hummed, watching me closely. "What did you and Jared do last night?" She asked slowly and I paled. Smooth, Anna, real smooth. "Uh, I don't know what you mean." She snorted before getting off her bed and striding over to mine. I watched guiltily as she pulled back the duvet and her eyes immediately landed on the small red stain that was on the sheets underneath. Her chocolate brown eyes flickered to me. "Really? You gave up your V-card." It wasn't a question, it was a statement. My cheeks flamed and I smiled slightly. "Uh, maybe." I whispered and she grinned. "Does Mom know?" I shook my head immediately. "Absolutely not." She nodded with mischievous, glittering brown eyes. "Did you use protection? Please tell me you used something." I reached over and pulled open her draw, pulling out her little blue box that I knew she used to keep her own stash thing hidden. "I pinched one." I whispered. "I just wanted to do it before something happened if it did." She nodded. "Na, I get it. So, was it good?" "Kayleigh!" I squeaked, going red at the same time, embarrassingly red. She laughed as she plopped herself down beside me. "I'm just being the prying big twin sister. C'mon, spill, like now." I smiled tightly and she gave me a pointed, impatient look. My cheeks flamed. "It was kinda painful." I muttered and she nodded with a small smile. "Yeah, it was like that for me too. Well, at least you gave it to someone who deserves it at least." Things were quiet after that and I watched anxiously out of the window, waiting to be told that everything, including Jared, was alright and I would never have to be worried and petrified like this again. I first caught sight of him walking up the path just as I was about to come away from the window, and I all but flew out that front door and launched myself into his waiting arms. I just latched myself onto him, happy, grateful, relieved tears streaming down my face. I sniffled miserably. "You're good, right?" I whispered. "No more fighting." He pulled back before nodded and stroking his thumb over my tear stained cheek. "No more fighting, Annie, none at all." -All done for this part. It'll fast forward about a decade and then they'll be older and married -spoiler alert. The next part will be a full blown fanfiction too. Please continue to read.