have there been any deaths in the area recently?" As the others continued to stare on silently Carlisle got up and began to take down notes on the current situation. Being a man of curiosity he loved to research new things. "Well Pastor Webber did kick the can two days ago. The church burned down with him inside it and nobody has been able to figure out what caused the fire. I'm Emmett by the way." A big burly vampire got up as he spoke and walked over towards the trio on the floor, sitting down he pulled a ball out from his pocket and set it down in front of the boy. Feeling a sense of dread coming up Bella reached out and laid her hand on the spirit's head. Even though she could not touch him the memories would come just the same, she had to know what happened to the boy, and if he was the cause of the fire. Falling out of her own mind Bella felt herself drift into a memory, witnessing it as a bystander she watched. Memories flashed before her eyes. A boy, no older than five years old his bright blue eyes and shining golden hair glowed bright in the thin strip of sunlight streaming in from the boarded up room. He laid in the corner, weak and feeble, his body covered in gashes and bruises as he curled in on himself as if to decrease the pain of his wounds. The room was disgusting; coated in dirt and blood it must've been no bigger than a closet, there was a small boarded up window on the back wall. Footsteps echoed on the ceiling above and a door shut as the boots descended down, as the door slammed open the boy began to whimper, it was clear that he didn't understand what was happening but he was terrified. A man walked in; he was large, rough and cruel looking, his eyes held nothing but darkness and he looked on expressionless. Saying nothing he grabbed the boy roughly and threw him across the room, the sickening crack as his head him the cement floor echoed loudly in the room. Muttering obscenities under his breath the man began to beat the child; hands and feet were flying at him and his cries increased in volume and frequency. After a time the man pulled out a knife and began to mutilate the boy who was obviously his son; they shared the same eyes after all. After a long time he stopped; obviously growing bored with his actions and this boy in front of him barely even resembled a human being anymore. "Killing my wife when you were born sealed your fate Riley. You can burn for what you've done." Walking out of the room as he spoke he returned a minute later with a can a gasoline. Drenching the room and boy in it he left sealing the door behind him, minutes later the flames spread underneath the door and began to cloak the room. Smoke suffocating the boy he tried to cry out once more but his gasps rang silent in the room. As he tried to pull his mangled body away from the fire it crept up on him quickly, and in his last moments a tear dropped from his one remaining eye as his body was consumed by the flames. Feeling herself resurface from the brutal memory she saw Esme, Alice, and Emmett surrounding her and looking on in concern. "You drifted off there for a couple minutes. What happened?" Gasping slowly and trying to adjust herself back to reality she looked down at the boy as a tear slowly fell from her eye, feeling his agony and seeing his pain was heartbreaking especially for a boy so young. "I was watching his last memories and seeing how he died. Was Angela abused by her father?" Reaching forward Alice grabbed onto Bella's hand, seeing her cry she did not want to push her but the support was still there. "From what she was thinking at school I would say yes she was and it was rather brutal." A bronze haired boy spoke up from the group that still had not moved or said anything. "My name is Edward and if you were wondering I can read minds. Well not yours apparently but still." Turning around again to Riley, Bella watched as Emmett and Esme kept playing around with the ball and wrappers for him. "It makes sense then. This little guys name is Riley; he was brutally abused by his father for what I'd assume was a majority of his life. His father burned him to death after mangling his body. If Angela was abused I can only assume that Riley had come across Pastor Webber and decided to end his life in a similar way as both fathers had committed the same acts. Good riddance to the man." Standing up Bella walked over to Carlisle and shook his hand, striding away quickly she grabbed her jacket and turned back around. "Well as enlightening as this has been I need to get home. I'll drop by tomorrow so that we can keep going with this conversation as I'm sure you all have plenty of questions. In the mean time take care of that little guy for me okay?" Waving behind her and walking out she winked at Alice as she shut the door behind her. Getting in her car she drove away as the tears started to fall; remembering every second of Riley's last moments broke down her barriers and she couldn't' hold it in anymore. Driving home she tried to prep herself for the nightmares that were bound to come. AN: Thanks for reading! If you're interested in some of the concepts behind the Japanese/Spirit theme I'd suggest checking out the movie that inspired this. It's called Rigor Mortis. Or if you have any questions just PM me. Until next time!