you," she said softly. "What about the other things? I can't really see you doing them. You're too good, Embry." Embry blushed under her compliment, "I, uh, put the spoon back when they weren't looking and paid for lunch. I also snuck back out of the theater and paid for our tickets." He said absently picking at his jeans. Bella let out a small giggle that made Embry's eyes snap up to her face. "What did I say? You're just too good Emb, there should be more boys like you." She said almost sadly. Embry picked up on her tone and was upset. If that Cullen dick did something to hurt her... "Are you- has Cul- Edward hurt you?" Embry choked out. Bella's eyes bulged. "Oh! No! I just meant- I'm not with Edward, um, sorry; it's refreshing that even though your friends were doing those things you made up for it. That's all," she said blushing. "So is that it then? Public embarrassment and thievery?" She jokingly asked trying to lighten the mood. "There was one more, but it doesn't matter now, times up." He said not meeting her questioning gaze. "It can't be that bad, what is it?" Embry sighed, he wasn't sure he wanted to tell her, but looking at her now, with her biting her bottom lip, her eyes wide with curiosity he felt the words tumble out of his lips without permission. "The last one was we had to kiss you," Bella blushed and Embry saw a hint of a smile on her lips before she turned her head away. "It was Quil's idea, I swear I wasn't going to try anything. Not uh, without your permission, um, uh, never mind." He was rambling, and it frustrated him. His nerves were getting the best of him. This was the longest he and Bella had ever conversed and the lip biting thing was clouding his mind. He needed to get away. "Do you not want to kiss me, Embry?" She questioned keeping her eyes on her feet. Embry cleared his throat. "I didn't say that," Bella turned her head up to look at him for a moment. She sat up straighter and turned her body more to him. He was frozen in place as her tiny hands slowly cupped his cheeks, she leaned forward slightly, never breaking eye contact. And then after a moment, she closed her eyes and her lips were on his. It was short and so heartbreakingly tender it made Embry want to cry. For 5 seconds he was in heaven and Bella Swan was his. She pulled away and touched her forehead to his. Some how during their short embrace, Embry had rested his hands on her hips. "I like you a lot, Embry- I'm sorry I just pushed myself on you." " You like me?" Embryquestioned pulling his head back to look in her eyes. "Why? I'm so quiet and shy, and this is the longest conversation we've had." Bella smiled at him, "Sometimes our best conversations are when we don't speak; Hanging out in Jake's garage watching him and Quil wrestle. Sitting on the beach watching Quil and Jake wrestle," she said with a laugh. "We don't have to talk, it's nice. I feel better just knowing you're there." She smiled at him. He stared at her, he must have taken too long to respond because she was pulling away with a pained expression on her face. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that. Can we just forget about that?" She asked with a forced smile, her face getting redder by the second. "No! Uh, no, please don't be sorry. My, uh, mind was taking longer to load for a second... I like you too, Bella. I always have." Bella smiled at him before taking his hand. "Do you think we could try that again? You know, without me springing that on you?" She blushed. Embry decided that she was even more beautiful when she was blushing. "I would really like to, but I- I'm not sure if you know this or not, but Jake has a huge crush on you and I-" "Do you like me Embry?" Bella asked interrupting him. Embry, not trusting his voice, simply nodded at her. "Then can we please enjoy tonight before we worry about how us liking each other is going to affect anyone else?" It was a reasonable request, and Embry's mother did raise him to respect women. And if his- his- woman want to kiss him again then who was he to deny her? He slowly dipped his head and captured her lips once more, this time the kiss was a little more... more. Her hands fisted into his shirt and his hands weaved into her hair. Their lips moved together in a perfect rhythm and Embry pulled away first, breathing heavily. "I'll talk to Jake tomorrow if you want, I'd really like to take you out soon. If that's ok?" Embry asked brushing his thumb on the back of her hand that was still clutched to his shirt. Bella nodded her head. "Ok, that might be better." Embry wrapped his arms around her and kissed the top of her head. He was excited for what was hopefully the beginning of something with Bella. And absolutely terrified it was the end of his friendship with Jake. ... Leaving this as "in progress" in case I decide to write the Embry telling Jake bit. Odd or Even is a real game from my childhood my friends. Being a young girl with hairy arms and two step brothers that still lived at home had its downsides. And can I get an "aww" for how Adorable Embry is? Righting all of their childish wrongs. What a sweetie. I don't know about you but I love Bella/Embry (any wolf ) pairings. Even though he was human in this, I love them together. I hope I did them justice. Let me know what you guys think!