back. "Are you going to keep it?" I nodded numbly. "Giving the baby up for adoption would be letting her win, and she's already taken so much from me. I'm not letting her take yet another thing from me. She already took the person I loved." I whispered and he nodded yet again. "Good. You don't have to be here with me forever, and if you want to go back when you're eighteen and fight this fight, I'll retain some of the best lawyers she could only hope of hiring to defend you. This isn't right, Marianne, and you know it. Are you going to fight back one day?" Tears that I had thought long gone started anew and I glared at the back leather seat, imagining I was burning her face. "You bet I will." Seven months later Chocolate brown eyes that reminded me of the very man I'd lost stared back at me and I looked from them, not wanting to hold the little boy in my arms but not wanting to put him down either for fear that someone would rip him away from me. I don't think I'll ever lose that fear as long as I live. "Little man, hm? Where is he?" Dad said as he came in and Chloe looked up from where she was watching me worriedly. She stood as gracefully as she ever did and beckoned him out of the room. They're the worst whispers ever and I heard everything. " She's hardly looked at him, Jason. Yes, once or twice, but never more than that. This isn't right. Most mothers can't tear their eyes away from their newborn babies and they look at them out of reflex every time they so much as make a noise. She hasn't done that once. " "I can hear you, you know." I murmured and Dad came ambling back in with a worried smile. "Aren't you going to look at him, Marianne? He's one fine looking little boy." I swallowed back the tears that threatened to spill over if I didn't contain them fast. "He looks like his Dad, that's why." I whimpered and he gave a soft sigh in response, taking a seat on the edge of the hospital bed beside me. My stomach ached miserably. Placental abruption was cause for an emergency caesarean and before I had time to react, I was being wheeled down the corridor and being sliced open. "You knew it might happen, Mari girl, but that doesn't mean he has to suffer too, does it? He has slight curls in his hair just like you do too so he gets that from you, not his Dad. Look at him sweetheart. He just wants you to love him." I snorted bitterly. "Love? Look where that got me. I'm seventeen, heartbroken, devastated and now I have an infant to take care of when I can't even take care of myself." I looked at him with disbelieving eyes. "What did love give me other than a ruined life?" I hissed. He nodded in that passively understanding way he does. "It gave you the best gift in the world -a son to love and a son to teach to be different than his paternal grandmother would have raised him to be had you of stayed. Like I said months ago, if you want to go back when he's older, then we'll both help and support you in every which way we can, whether it be from funds to retaining our lawyers for you for however long you need them. As far as both Chloe and I are concerned, yes, you mightn't be her biological daughter, but she'll love you and care for you far better than that witch ever did in La Push. Speaking of which, you need to give your one chance at life a name." I swallowed thickly before summoning all the courage in the entire universe and glancing at the little man swaddled in my arms. He was ever so small, but Dad was right -he was one fine looking boy, and that made the tears advance again. He looked so much like Jared it was unreal. "How will I ever cope with seeing a reminder of what I left behind right in front of me every morning I wake up and every night I go to sleep?" Chloe smiled slightly. "Because he'll remind of you and what you're fighting for, Mari girl. Now, think of a name he really deserves from the bottom of your heart of hearts and you give that name to him like you're praying for the best hope in the world. He's yours, and that's all that matters, alright?" And so I stared at the littlest faces of all faces and I spoke that first name that popped into my wounded heart of all hearts like she'd said. " Jameson ." I whispered, the name just seeming to fit so perfectly and so rightly even though I had no idea why. I saw the tiniest smile cross Dad's face and he stroked his thumbs under my eyes, brushing away those tears that were starting to spill down my red cheeks. "A fitting name I think. And whose last name is he going to have?" "Mine." I whispered and he smiled slightly, although this time it seemed sadder. "Very well. Do you want to call and tell Danielle? I know you don't want her to know everything in case she becomes a victim too, but she does need to know about her nephew, don't you agree? She knows to keep it a secret so no worrying about that." I nodded shakily and took the phone he held out, the number already dialling. It didn't even ring once before it was answered. " Hello ? Marianne, is that you ?" Taking a deep, calming but not so effective breath, I spoke as steadily, but not so steadily, as I could. "I did it, Dani, I did it."