shook her hand then turned back to his friends. "Who's the kid?" "A guest she was out in the cold with her sister." At those words I entered the sitting room again. My eyes were still glued onto Jacob, he looked up hearing me enter and our gazes locked. Something sparkled in his eyes and I could really feel my knees turn to jelly. His mouth opened in shock and then he closed it and that's when it happened. He smiled and I tripped. It didn't knock me out but I ended up falling flat on my face. Great one Adella. "Oh, shit." Embry whispered behind me. Jacob came rushing over to me, helping me up as I hid the blush from my cheeks. "Did he just?" Paul asked. "He did. The boy freaking did." Quil replied. "Quick get those party poppers we've saved for this day!" Jared called and all the boy's laughed. "Are you alright?" Jacob asked panic clearly in his eyes. "I'm fine? What are they going on about?" I questioned looking over at my shoulder to them. "Smile." Emily called taking a picture. "What?" I questioned again. "Sorry. Are you alright?" Emily asked she was concerned but she was still smiling like someone had just won the Olympics. "I'm fine. I just need to get going." Jacob was still holding me. It was hard to breathe while this gorgeous man was holding me and it was hard to breathe in this temperature. "Going?" Jacob seemed confused making me even more confused. "Yes. Home. Isla?" I called for her and she appeared. "Why are you on his lap?" Isla asked and I blushed realising I was indeed on Jacob's lap. I stood up, with Jacob helping, and winced at the temperature of his skin. That was why it was so hot. He was boiling. How in the world was that possible? "Get your shoes on." I told her and she disappeared. "I'll go get your crossbow." Emily smiled patting my hand lightly. "Crossbow?" Jacob seemed confused now. "Yes. A crossbow." I told him not wanting to have this whole conversation again. Specially not with him. He smiled a little, finding me having a crossbow amusing, I had no idea why. I winced touching my head. "What a way to start my time here." I was definitely going to have a headache later. "Are you sure you're alright? You don't need a doctor? I could take you to the hospital." I bit my lip. "Jake, chill out." Embry told him but they were all finding it amusing. "Shut up." Jacob told him. He still had a hand touching me, why was he still touching me? I didn't want him to ever stop. What is wrong with me? "I have my shoes on!" Isla called from the doorway. "I'm coming!" I called back to her. Emily returned handing me my crossbow as I ignored Jacob's amused, shocked and impressed facial expressions. "Thank you." I told her. "How comes Emily got to touch it?" Embry whined. "Because you have a penis and Emily doesn't." I told Embry and they all started laughing and shoving Embry. "Thank you for having us." I told Emily and Sam. Emily gave me a hug goodbye. My first friend in years. Dad would be proud. "I have one question for the lot of you and then I'm gone." I smiled. "What?" They all questioned. "Do you guys have something against shirts or is this the look around here for the guys?" They all smiled at my question. In the background I could hear Isla singing as she waited for me. "We only wear shirts for special occasions." Jared said giving me a wink. "And school." Embry said in disgust. "School?" I questioned. They all looked way too old for school. "Yes. You know that place most kids go to?" Jared said and I poked my tongue out at him. "I know what a school is. You all look older than your age." I shrugged like it was no big deal, but I was secretly hoping they went to the school I was starting. "Me, Jake, Quil and Jared are all still in school." Embry frowned like the place was a living hell to him. "What school do you go to?" Jacob asked. He was watching me in that weird kind of way, something is funny about him. How can someone suddenly go from a really bad mood to a really really good mood like that? "La Push high. I'm starting tomorrow." It was the closest one and it was close to Isla's school making it easier for me to take and pick her up. "Really?" Jacob seemed really excited and happy about this. His smile was making me weak. It was like an explosion of white pearls in his mouth. He even had small dimples. He is killing me. "Yeah what about all you?" I asked hoping they all went there. "Same for us." Embry said looking between me and Jacob. "That's cool." I tried to sound casual but inside I was screaming with happiness. Jacob will be at the same school as me. "I could give you a ride tomorrow. Show you the way there." The boys snickered behind me as I watched Jacob's embarrassed but hopeful face. "I can't. I have to take Isla to school." I gave him a small smile. "Oh. I'll see you in school then." I smiled. "I'll be there." "Adella!" Isla called getting impatient. The mention of my name seemed to send an electric shock through Jacob's body. His smile got even bigger which didn't seem possible until now. "I'll see you tomorrow then, Adella." (a/n): That's the first chapter. Sorry it was really long, I couldn't stop writing. I think it ended perfectly. So of course the next chapter will be the first day of school. This was set when Jacob came back from giving Bella her motorbike. Hopefully I'll have the next one for you soon:)!