questions. Would she explain and would I believe her if she did? Ask me no questions and I'll tell you no lies. The door chain jingled and she seemed to struggle to unfasten it, her fingers fumbling with the metal slider. Was she nervous or was it the excitement of welcoming back her lost love? I was panting, head bowed as I watched the door creak open an inch and stop. What, she wasn't going to open up for me? And there I was wanting to make a grand entrance. I tilted my head and frowned, the hairs on my spine rising slightly. Was this a trap? No. More likely, she wasn't dressed. Yes, that must've been why. My tongue lolled over my lips and to the side as I took a tentative step forward, anticipating the sight of my girl wearing nothing but the moonlight against her pale, perfect skin. Through the inch wide gap, I could see the inner hallway was dark. No matter, my eyesight was excellent. I pressed the door with the top of my head and it easily gave way, swinging open to a wall of her scent. With closed eyes, I sucked in a lungful and felt myself becoming high on her essence before opening them to scan the hall. I saw her then, shaking with fear, her back pressed against the closed kitchen door. Disappointingly, she wasn't naked but wore a dark red hoodie and jeans. She was maybe twelve feet away, at the opposite end of the hallway. In a leap and a bound, I could be there, my muzzle pressed against her throat. She whimpered, eyes as wide as saucers, and I couldn't stop the howl that escaped my lips. All the better to see you with, my dear. "Please, please don't do this." She was begging me. My girl was begging. I threw my head back and howled at full volume, rattling the windows, watching with pride as she slapped her hands over her ears and screamed. All the better to hear you with, my dear. Her fear was driving me on. Mixed together with the perfume of her blood, it was one hell of a potent combination, making me giddy. Soon, my love. It will all be over soon. I could've closed the gap in a heartbeat but where was the fun in that? After all, I was still a predator at heart…the thrill of the chase was an important part of the ritual. I bared my canines and snarled as I took my first step and her jaw fell open in response. All the better to eat you up with. She pressed herself closer to the wooden door, her heart beating erratically. I shook my massive head. This was going to be more enjoyable than I'd hoped. Another step and she was sliding down the door. I think I would have preferred her to run. It would have been pointless but thrilling all the same. Closer still I came snarling and snapping my teeth. "Please. No." She was crying. Her arms wrapped tightly around her ribs as she huddled on the floor. Two more steps and she'd be feeling my hot breath on her skin. Time to crank up the fear. I settled back on my haunches, preparing to spring forward and pin her down. My muscles coiled in readiness for the leap and… "I love you, Jake" It stalled me. For a second, I relaxed, eyes closed, letting her declaration of love sink into my consciousness. I always knew she was my girl and, for her, I would be a generous lover and make this quick. But then she had to go and spoil it by calling out. "Edward, now!" Before I could react, Cullen was blocking my path as he stood in the hallway, legs astride, both arms slung over his right shoulder. The bastard had tricked me! No fucking heartbeat. Well, there's always a silver lining. This was my chance to kill two birds with one stone. Bella was no threat. Besides, it would do her good to see me dispatch her stalker first. I leaped forward and was already in the air when he swung the axe around. The force was so great, I didn't even feel it. All that playing baseball had given him a wicked batting arm. I saw my headless body drop to the floor, paws still twitching. My head landed close by and, in the last few seconds of awareness, I had no choice but to watch as my Bella rushed into his embrace. He comforted her with one arm, slid a small, silver cell phone from his jeans pocket and dialed a number. Damned mind reader. I barely heard his conversation with Sam. I was too busy dying. Bella crouched low to my cooling body and, after tenderly brushing my fur, whispered how sorry she was. I was slipping away, blackness crowding my vision, but it was enough to show me that, in the end, she truly did love me. A/N - OMG! Did she just kill Jake? Blinks in astonishment! A bold move I know, but I bet your emotions are all over the place, which was the whole point of reading a dark and twisted tale. I'll be honest this wasn't the ending I envisioned when I started writing. Jake was originally going to kill Bella, but the more I thought, the more I realized Sam would have contacted the Cullens when they found the body by the river, and Edward would have been monitoring his thoughts, so there was no other way for this to go without him having a miracle cure, which felt like selling the story short. Send reviews and please, no death threats or angry mobs with pitchforks and burning torches. I'll be going into hiding, just in case. P.S. If you like em scary, check out my other story, Compulsion. That one features a twisted, killer Edward. Til next time, Claire x