gloves, used condom and the plastic cups. Nothing would be left behind to connect me to the woman next door. While I cleaned up the bath and shower cubicle, Edward slipped into the clothes I'd previously worn. He pulled on the wig and fake tattoos before applying fresh glue to make the false beard stick in place. I watched him transform into James Hunter and a wave of pure love crashed over me. This was my brother…the thunder to my rain. The one person in this world I couldn't bear to lose, ever. Reading my expression he stalked over and placed a single kiss on my forehead before slipping out through the window and crawling back into her room. I lay in bed listening for the click of the window closing and the sound of Edward leaving through her door. The cameras in the hallway would identify him up as the same man who had followed her into the room earlier and he would be the one the cops would be searching for but never find. Mr. Hunter, a man who would disappear like smoke in the wind, was nothing more than a figment of our debauched imaginations. My sleep was deep and satisfying that night. Being able to lie on the scene of the act was particularly pleasing. The six am wake-up call came too quickly, jolting me back to reality. I stretched in the sheets, replaying last night's events through my mind for the umpteenth time. Edward would be home by now, burning any evidence that Mr. Hunter had ever existed. I planned to meet with him tonight to dispose of the plastic and run through our stories. I would need descriptions of the drink he'd bought in the theater, the person he spilled it over and the name of the bar where he'd waited for my call. I checked out at seven am after cleaning the bathtub and shower with bleach and a scrubbing brush for the second time. I was willing to bet this fucking place had never been so clean. But this was the one place where our game could be discovered. The body had to congeal in situ. We couldn't risk a drop of blood landing on the window ledge or the balcony when we carried her back. It would give our game away. Instead, I left the cold tap running all night, just to make sure any trace of her blood was rinsed clear through the plumbing. Keeping a tight hold of my overnight bag, I collected my car from the lot. Last night had been amazing. I loved watching Edward loosen the grip on his sanity almost as much as I reveled in the fountains of blood. It would give me what I needed to keep going until we could start planning for the next time. I stopped off at a service station and grabbed some lunch. Switching off my unregistered cell phone, I removed the chip, tucked it inside the sandwich wrapper and dropped it into one of the trash cans. Apart from the contents of my bag, it was the only thing that could possibly tie me to the crime. Home. The curtains of depravity swung open to reveal signs of normalcy the instant I pulled onto the driveway. Here was quiet, safe and boring. I ditched my bag in the trunk and painted a neutral expression on my face as I slid the key into the lock. "Daddy!" my three-year-old squealed as he came bounding into the hallway before crashing into my legs. "Hey, Jasper. Miss me much?" I inquired, trying not to sound robotic as I peeled his arms away to let me walk. "We both did. Was the conference worth the trip?" Bella…my wife. She's the person who keeps my life on an even keel by lending me a much needed veneer of respectability. "Hey, honey. I missed you, too," I lied, pulling her in and kissing her greedily. She melted in my arms, delighted to have found such a loving and devoted husband. With my eyes closed, I pictured Edward swinging the blood-soaked knife and pressed my growing erection into her hip. She gasps softly, believing she does this to me. I don't correct her. It's far easier that way. "So," she croons, her voice becoming heavy with lust as she strokes her hand along my forearm. I try not to flinch at the contact. It doesn't fit with the images of Edward's actions in my mind and sets my teeth on edge. "Did you learn how to catch bad guys?" "Yeah, but…what if I'm the bad guy?" I growl, bending down to nip at the tender flesh of her neck. If Jasper weren't around, I might accidentally bite a little too hard just to see if I could draw blood. She gasps before dismissing my comment as nothing more than playful banter, but I saw the fleeting spark of uncertainty in her eyes. Jasper has disappeared, gone back to watching cartoons, no doubt. I think of the dark, red liquid pulsing beneath the surface of her alabaster skin and can't help imagining how erotic it would be to release it. Wishing for a chance to watch as it flows and spreads across her breasts and belly, the vision has my erection throbbing painfully. I give a low hiss and clutch her forearm as I pull her towards the bedroom. Her eyes widen and she giggles, thinking the glint in my eye is nothing more than animal lust. She has no idea the true nature of the beast contained within my soul. My wife doesn't know about Edward; no one does. He's my deepest, darkest secret and the only person in this whole twisted world I truly care about; the one person I would kill to protect. A/N Peeps out from behind sofa. So, what do you think of serial killerward? Still hot? Part two is coming in a couple of days, have a Happy Halloween.