and went straight to the bathroom. I pulled the beautiful dress out of the box and held it up. The dress was a black satin strapless dress. The top part was form fitting and had a wavy look to it. At the hips, it had three layers of ruffles that hit about mid thigh. It was absolutely gorgeous and I couldn't wait to put it on. It would be nice to wear something that elegant again. Also, inside was a little bag that contained the accessories to go with it. There was a pair of diamond dangle earrings with disco balls on the ends and a diamond bracelet. There was also a pair of shiny black stiletto heels with an open toe to go with it. It was beautiful. I used the make up Alice had put in with the dress; smokey eye shadow, a touch of blush, a bit of mascara, a sweep of eyeliner, and a dab of lip gloss and I was finished. I walked out and got into the car. I'm ready to live life again, I thought as I smiled to myself. "Wow Bells you look as beautiful as ever." Em smiled and kissed my cheek as he started the car. "Thanks. I feel so much better." I smiled. "I'm curious though, why did she get me a dress this fancy instead of just pants and a T-shirt?" "You'll have to ask her that when we get home." He's hiding something, I just know it! An hour later we pulled up into the drive of what I assumed was Emmett's house. The nerves began to kick in. "You have nothing to be nervous about, Bells. You're home now," Em smirked. "I know but it just hit me that I'm 'home' finally and, even though I'm happy to be home, I'm not used to being around anyone outside of the bars," I whispered. "Everything will be ok I promise," Em whispered back as he wrapped his arms around me. "Now lets get you in the house and settled in your room." A short while later we had my things, the little I did have, in my room and into some drawers. "We're going shopping tomorrow. Tonight is about you!" Em demanded as the doorbell rang. I heard the footsteps five seconds before I'm engulfed in two big arms and losing my breath. "Can't. Breath," I panted. "Sorry Bells. I've just missed you," Jacob's voice cracked. "I've missed you too Jake!" I replied. "I see you got the letter," Alice smiled and pulled me into a hug. "I've missed you Bells. I'm sorry for not writing until now. I've just been so upset over Edward." "You have every right to feel that way, Alice. I'm surprise you don't hate me," I chuckled. "I've missed you too." "I could never hate you," she whispered as we heard more footsteps. Jasper pulled me into a tight hug as did Angela "We missed you so much Bella!" they both said. "I missed you all as well," I whispered as the tears spilled out and down my face. "You don't know how much I've missed you all." "Everyone vacate this room please," Em ushered everyone out, the ever protective brother. As he closed the door, he pulled me into a hug, "I can't imagine what you are feeling, Bells but I do know it has to be overwhelming. Just say the word and I'll have them all leave until you're ready." "No it's fine, Em. It's just all the things I've missed over the years because of my actions. I've missed everyone so much," I whispered. "And we've missed you! Now are you ready to see everyone?" Emmett asked. "Let's go!" I declared. We left the room arm in arm like we used to when we were kids and headed for the living room. As we entered, everyone looked at us expectantly. It was Rose who spoke first. "Are you ok?" "Yeah, I'm fine. I just got a bit overwhelmed," I replied. "We shouldn't have showed up today," Jake whispered as he and Alice got up and headed for the door. "Where the hell do you think you're going? I'm glad you all showed up. I've missed you so much, just didn't think you all missed me," I said, frowning. "How could you…" they all started at once. "How could you even think that Bells? Yes I know we haven't written you but that's because you told us not to. I don't know about everyone else, but I have written you just never sent the letters, respecting your wishes." By the time Jake finished speaking, he was in tears. "The only letters I've gotten were from Emmett because he refused to listen to me," I huffed then took Jake in my arms. "I'm sorry. I don't know why I said that. I know you missed me. Emmett and Rose have told me over the years about everyone," I whispered. "Enough with the sad shit. My baby sister is finally home. It's time to celebrate!" Em demanded. The kids took that moment to walk in. I froze then fainted at the realization. "Bella? Bella wake up, please," panic was clouding Emmett's voice. "What happened?" I asked when I came to. "When you saw Daisy and Peter, you fainted," he replied. I sat up as Peter came over and gave me a hug. Daisy was being a bit timid. "Daisy go on over and give your mother a hug." Emmett nudged her. I gave both of my kids a hug and told them how much I'd missed them. Emmett was right. I was finally home. If I could make a statement to all the woman out there that are in an abusive relationship: Listen to your family and friends as they care about YOU. Don't be like me and ignore them. Get out before it's too late. You could end up losing the people you love the most, or worse, your own life.