he did? "Edward... you are a disrespectful prick." I began. "You never cared about what I wanted. You had to have it your way, you were controlling and down right abusive towards me. If I was your mate, as you claimed, you wouldn't of been able to do that. You wouldn't of been able to leave me in the middle of the woods by myself to be found by a pack of mongrels. You wanted me to be human but it was in my fate to become a vampire. At the time I would of done ANYTHING to be with you, I would of bent over backwards and gotten on my knees to have you with me. But you fucked it up. You're not my mate, you never were, and I am soooo very fucking thankful for that. I couldn't handle having a little boy as my mate. I need a man and you are faaaar from that." I shifted than said, "Now I'm done... any questions?" Carlisle cleared his throat than said, "Who changed you?" I looked at him and said, "James mate and Laurent. Both of whom are deader than a door nail." "Why didn't you find us sooner?" asked Esme. I looked from Carlisle to Esme and I said, "Because, despite me not trusting you, I didn't want you guys to feel like you owed it to me to make up for him leaving me the way he did. I figured I could do this shit on my own and lookie lookie... I have." Rosalie shifted than said, "Can you ever forgive me for being so cold?" I rolled my eyes than said, "Psssh cracka please. I never hated you girl. Sistas from other mistahs and all that shit." which caused the blonde haired vampire to smile wide at me. "Can I be in your life again?" asked Emmett. I shrugged and said, "Sure but I'm not sticking around here... I just stopped by to tell y'all how I felt. I got my own clan to get back to." "How many are in your group?" asked Jasper before he added on, "And why can't I feel your emotions anymore?" I grinned wide and said, "Two. You know them though... Peter and Charlotte." I than shifted and said, "It's also the reason that you, assward, and alice couldn't use your gifts on me... I've always been a mental and physical shield... I've been working on it for a long while now and I'm able to push both shields out, about, 400 miles give or take..." The vampires were shocked but, hey, I didn't care. I was fine with where I was living, and where my life had gone. "What do you do for a living?" asked Alice. I shrugged and said, "I write novels, I draw, and I work at the local auto body shop. That Harley outside? I rebuilt it from the ground up." Alice hummed than said, "Quick question... why do you still dress the way you do?" I eyed her before I said, "Because I don't think inhumanly beautiful vampires should draw attention to themselves. I've got money, yes, but why use it for fancy clothes and shit when I can donate it to charity and shit like that?" Alice nodded and I nodded back. "Are we really not mates?" Edward said. I looked at him and I said, "Correct. I figured out that we were never mates because I've seen how mates act with each other. I've been around a mated pair for, like, 65 years now and I couldn't understand why you and I weren't like that. I loved you but it wasn't enough and some part of you loved me but, again, it wasn't enough. You aren't my mate, and I'm not yours. I'm not sorry for revealing this to you Edward because, maybe now, you can find her or him whoever is your true mate. And hey we can always be friends but no touchy. Cause I ain't like that. I'm a good girl... well... I'm 25 percent good girl..." and I grinned when Emmett let out his booming laugh. "Do you know who your mate is?" asked Alice. I shook my head no and said, "Nope and I'm okay with that. If I ever find him or her I will be happy but until than I'm just happy being single." ~~ Hours later, after getting better acquainted with the Cullens, I hugged them all because I felt better about how things had gone. I shifted than said, "Maybe we'll see each other again... who knows... I'm returning to my own territory. You ever catch wind of me you can come and spend time at my farm." I than climbed onto my bike, put my helmet on and I was off. Yeah sure I wasn't expecting to depart from the Cullens, feeling as if I had made friends again, nor that Edward and I had parted properly this time. I was expecting the questions and I happily answered them all. I know that I will be seeing them all again, but only because of the knowing look Alice had given me at the end of the visit, and I hoped I did. As I sped off I grinned softly. My life wasn't perfect, hell no ones life is perfect, but I felt like it was amazing despite what my clan mates thought. When I got to my home, my Harley was a beast with speed, I climbed off and went inside. Charlotte and Peter weren't home and I was surprised at that but, hey, I could do what I wanted until they did return and so I chose to read. Halfway through my book I heard a knock and slowly I stood up and walked to it, smelling who it was before I opened the door. "Hello Darlin'." he said with a Southern Drawl before he swooped down and kissed me. A kiss I definitely returned. My mate had finally come.