how to sew?" I sigh. "Only clothes. I've never sewed up a living thing before!" Yup, the panic was settling in. "We can't call anyone. It's the middle of the night," Rosalie says shakily. I square my shoulders. "No, but we can do it. He's not going to die on our hands tonight. Quick, get me a razor from the cabinet and my sewing needles are in my closet – the first door on your right." "Okay!" Time to go on beast mode. /-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/ "I'll be the first to admit it, but damn, I don't think a vet could have done it any better." I grin. "Thanks. It seems okay, for now. But I'm worried." Rosalie and I were now situated in my room. Jenny had called and stated she would be spending the night at David's. I had fought the urge to scoff. The dog was resting on a makeshift bed in the living room. "About?" I fidget on the bed. "Rosalie, those weren't just any bite marks. They weren't big, like a bear's, but almost like…multiple dogs attacked it at once. And, it wasn't just bite marks. There were cuts, like…as if…someone tried cutting it with a knife or something." "There are wolves around the woods, but I don't know about the cuts…maybe it cut itself trying to escape them? There are a lot of fallen branches and sticks it could have stumbled upon. The woods aren't exactly the safest place to be for a domesticated animal." What she did say was definitely plausible. But I couldn't help but feel like something wasn't right. Why did the dog run away from its owners? And to the woods of all places? I couldn't help but feel a little disturbed. No more shortcuts for me. "We should take it to the vet's first thing in the morning." I yawn. "Yeah. Let's get to bed. It's way past my bedtime." "Well, it's a surprise that it survived this attack," Dr. Mitchell says, inspecting the dog the next morning. "It looked like it lost a lot of blood. If you hadn't stitched it up, it well could have died through the night." Oh, God. I wouldn't have been able to live with myself if it had died. "Will he be okay?" "He should be. I prescribed him some antibiotics that you need to buy for him. Just so he stays free of getting these bites infected, or him getting rabies. I'd also like to keep him here, just until he gets his strength back." I cringe. How was I going to afford these prescriptions? And this doctor's visit? "Anyhow, all he needs is rest, and to take these antibiotics every day, to make sure he didn't get an infection from whatever bit him." "Oh, I'm so glad!" Rosalie hugs me while in we exit the animal hospital. I start to wonder how she gets this excited at 9:00 am in the morning. I shrug out of her embrace, uncomfortable with her need for affection. "The next thing is to find his owner." I muse. She frowns. "What if he's a stray?" "He did come with a blue collar. It has no name, but strays can't put collars on themselves. We should put flyers around town." "Good idea. What are we going to do with him in the meantime? He can't stay at my house, my mom's allergic." I sigh. "I guess he could stay at my place. Jenny will bitch, but she'll get over it." "Oh, that's good. And hey, I want to pay for the prescription and maintenance." I shake my head. "No, it's okay. I'll take care of it." She frowns. "Bella, please let me help. If anything, this will prepare me for my baby. Learning to take care of a dog and provide for it will be a good start." That actually sounded logical, and I was a bit surprised when it came from Rosalie. "All right, fine. Whatever floats your boat." She beams. "Were going to be parents!" Cue eye roll. /-/-/-/-/-/ The whole plan about telling Jenny we were housing a dog didn't actually fall through. When she asked me what was up this weekend – and how my Friday night went(which I glared at her for) I merely shrugged and stayed in my room all day. It seemed like the only place in the world I was comfortable in. On that note… I could draw my room for my project! I want to slap myself for not considering it sooner. Excited that I can now finish my project, I take out my canvas and lay it on the holder. Taking out my watercolors, I set to paint the room I've had since I was little. My finished painting is marvelous. I'm excited to present this to Ms. Laney tomorrow. For now, however, I keep it on the stand to let it dry. It's one in the afternoon, and Jenny still isn't home yet. I get started on chores, and am almost finished tidying up the house when she gets home, in her dress clothes from yesterday. "Where have you been?" I say, taking a sip of soda. She giggles. "I was at David's house. I had the greatest time. Oh, Bella, I think I'm in love." I choke. "What?" She frowns. "Oh for heaven's sake, Bella, don't look at me like that." "Like a rational sibling who is only looking out for your well-being?" "He's not a bad guy. He's sweet, and kind, and honest…" I scoff. "Until he gets into your pants," I mumble. "ENOUGH!" she shouts, startling me. "I have had it with you telling me what is right and what is wrong. You are not the boss of me, understand? I love him, and I don't need someone like you bringing me down! Just because you like being alone, doesn't mean everyone else like to be!" With that, she storms out of the living room. I'm stunned. Did Jenny just get some backbone?