His touch as he traces the letters on my skin is light, teasing. "Changed my mind." "Holy goddamn hell. It's perfect. Mise en place," he says, reading the culinary words scrawled above my heart. After placing a kiss on the tattoo, he tongues my nipple, breathing hotly against me. I try to pull his mouth back to mine, but he rears up and looks at me. "It's gonna have to be hard and fast, baby. I can't fucking control it now." Before I can answer, he's pulled the shirt off me. He sits back to lower his jeans and I lift my legs up to slide my underwear down. He practically rips them from my hand, tossing them carelessly to the side. Back between my legs, he doesn't hesitate, thrusting forward powerfully until he's buried deep. We move together wildly, exchanging no words. No promises. In his eyes, I recognize the hunger, the intensity that he always had for things he wanted. Knowing what he likes, I dig my nails into his back and trail them down to his ass, holding him tightly to me. He smirks conceitedly at me and angles his hips to hit my clit on each stroke. "Oh, my God, Edward." Squeezing my eyes shut, I explode around him again, and then I feel him release inside me. "Fuck, Bella," he groans into my neck, letting his weight collapse on me. Hearts still hammering, we hold still, catching our breath. When he finally moves to lie on his stomach next to me, I immediately miss his warmth. Rolling to face him, I study his body in the faint light. In addition to the new tattoos on his arms, he has a random pattern of large and small inked stars on his side. My fingers itch to trace them, to try and make sense of the design. It feels too intimate, though. Too much like something a lover would do. That's not us anymore. Several minutes pass in silence before he speaks. "I wasn't sure you'd come back from Paris." My orgasmic high deflates like a leaky balloon, and I sigh quietly. This conversation is long overdue. I just don't know if either of us is prepared for it. "It was a three-month stage, Edward," I answer, trying hard to keep the blame out of my voice. "I was always coming home at the end." "How was it?" "Incredible." It's true; I fell in love with the city, the food, the people. And the long, busy workdays helped keep my mind off my broken heart. "I learned a lot." "You didn't learn not to work for assholes." "Working for James is good for my career," I assert. "He's the best chef in Seattle." "Second best, now that I'm back in town." He chuckles like it's a joke, but I know his ego. He's serious. And he's probably right. "Are you back for good?" I wait, breathless, not sure if I really want to know the answer. "Yeah. I'm opening a restaurant. The Webers are the main investors." Understanding, cold and callous, washes over me, and I bolt upright in bed. Feeling every bit as naked as I am, I grab the blanket on the end of the bed and pull it over myself. "You had me cooking tonight for a rival restaurant ownership group?" "I was supposed to have James cooking tonight, but the chickenshit bastard sent you instead." "Because I'm better at working those events than he is." "I know that, baby." "Don't call me that," I demand angrily. "You came back to town, fucked my career and then fucked me." Realizing how upset I am, he sits up and eyes me cautiously. "It's not like that, Bella. I didn't know you were in Seattle. And I never imagined you'd still be working for him." "At least he showed me that he had faith in me." "Is that what you think he was doing by sending you to Paris?" Now he's pissed, too. "He did that to drive a wedge between us – you and me." "And it worked. Because you didn't support me." "You chose him over me!" His voice is loud, and he stands up, plucking his clothes from the floor where they've fallen. "You fucking left." "You left first," I accuse, feeling tears threaten the back of my eyes. "Only so I didn't have to watch you fucking walk away," he replies flatly, sliding his jeans up his legs and buttoning them. "You need to go," I whisper, looking down so he can't see that I'm crying. "On my way," he spits. At the bedroom doorway, he pauses. "In spite of it all, how we hurt each other, we're both here. And we both know there's something between us that pulls us back together, even when we push each other away." The words are spoken softly, but the impact on me is deafening. Still, I don't look up… and I don't reply. My right hand absently traces the letters printed on my chest. Mise en place. Everything in its place. My heart belongs right here where it's protected – not in the hands of someone I don't know if I can trust. I hear him leave the room, and a minute later leave my apartment. This time I'm the one who can't stand to watch the other walk away. Grabbing the Guinness t-shirt, I put it on and lie back. The t-shirt still doesn't smell like him. But the bed does. Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by leaving a review. If you happen to know the author's identity or "think" you do, please do not hint to this in your review, as this can compromise the author's anonymity and lead to disqualification. Add us to author alert to be notified of new stories. Want more info? Find us on Twitter at CPSffContest or visit our Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Facebook page. Public voting: February 21 2016 to March 6 2016.