feeling proud that I was able to hold on when I was so close to the edge for so long. He stills and grips my hips, holding me as he empties himself inside of me. I latch onto his shoulder while I ride out the violent pulsations firing off all over my body. He buries his face in my neck as he twitches. "Bella" he groans. We lay like that with him still inside of me and after a while his breathing evens out and I know he's asleep. I stroke his hair until thoughts overwhelm me and I begin to cry. I let stream after stream of heavy tears flow down my face, until my eyes grow heavy and sleepy. I blink rapidly against the burn, trying to stay awake...trying to remember. The last thing I mutter before sleep overtakes me is the affirmation of my love for this man. Then with my last tear, I mumble, "I don't want to forget you." Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change. Thomas Hardy She cannot change her circumstance, her major flaw, her disaster which has become her way of life. She cannot help that those dearest to her find solace and comfort in her prescence, whereas many of their faces she does not recognize. She cannot say that their faces bring her comfort. Not when time is constantly racing on and she is at a stand still. Not when her past is her constant and the future is unforeseeable. Not when her present is watered down by routine where plants of worry lie dormat until she is shaken by a reality too great to comprehend. She was in an accident but she is no accident. Her accident was no accident. Everything happens for a reason. I am forced to believe this. And she is forced to believe what she is told, what she has written down, what she feels in her gut. All signs point to me; a man that willingly put his future on hold to care for a woman living the same day on repeat. She asks, "Where is the future in that reality? I cannot see it because it simply does not exist. Beyond today life does not exist for me. Beyond today you do not exist to me." Beyond today I fight for her surrender and gain it by no hint of subtlety. The lengths I'd travel to make her mine and keep her that way are endless. Beyond today she is my love. She is in every nightly dream; every vision I see. Beyond today she is my life. Even if she never remembers me. This feels nice. A smile makes its way to my face as I grip the soft sheets beneath my fingertips. Did Alice buy new sheets for me? Thank you Alice! I turn in my bed and a beam of light strikes my closed lids. I squint, pissed by the intrusion. The light signifies morning and today is not a day to sleep in. If I'm late, Tanya will kill me. Yawning brings tears to my eyes. I blink them away and turn away from the blinding light. I guess I didn't close the curtains last night. My eyes rapidly blink and I become aware that I am not in my own bedroom. I jackknife up in the bed and rub my eyes, trying to get them to focus. I am completely awake now and physically shaken as my mind blanks with no recollection of how I got into this strange place. Weariness, followed by fear creeps up my spine, chilling me to the bone. How the hell did I get here? Wherever here is? Then I feel the bed move, and realize that I am not alone. There's a body next to me. I lift the comforter and my eyes widen. He's-oh god! He's naked. I had sex last night with a stranger. I can't see the man's face, only his shoulder blades because his face is turned away from me. Oh god! Oh god! Oh god! I broke my six- month dry spell and had a one-night stand with a complete stranger. From the looks of it, he's a very, very good looking stranger, but a stranger none the less. I slowly slide out of bed, careful not to stir him, but I fail. He turns in the bed and I get a good look at his face. He is...delicious. I get a better look and realize that I do know this man. I gasp loudly, and fall backward, gripping the covers in an attempt to break my fall. It only serves to prolong my fall and I tumble down the platform his bed is on and hit my head on the corner of his nightstand. "Bella-" I frantically call her name, grabbing her into my arms. She is stretched out...her eyes closed, her body rigid and still. Fuck! I startled her! This is my fucking fault. I never show her my face. Now I'm paying the price for my impatience. "Bella baby, wake up!" I shout over and over before laying her in the bed. There's no blood, but she appears to have been knocked out by her fall. I see her eyes flutter and her brows bunch up just as her hand flies up to touch her head where she is in pain. Her lips move a few times before she speaks, capturing my heart all over again. "Edward?" Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by leaving a review. If you happen to know the author's identity or "think" you do, please do not hint to this in your review, as this can compromise the author's anonymity and lead to disqualification. Add us to author alert to be notified of new stories. Want more info? Find us on Twitter at CPSffContest or visit our Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Facebook page. Public voting: February 21 2016 to March 6 2016.