didn't give me a chance to tell you I'm on the pill." He grinned widely, "You don't know how happy you've just made me." "Maybe you could show me? Repeatedly and at length?" "There's nothing I'd like more, Sweetheart." And Edward reached out and pulled a giggling Bella under the bed covers. -ooo- Bella woke up just before the alarm went off and knowing they were booked onto an early flight, she decided it wasn't worth trying to get back to sleep. Being careful not to disturb Edward, she slipped out of bed and crept over to the fridge. She didn't want to waste the carton of chocolate ice-cream she'd bought the day before and after searching for a spoon, she took the tub over to the window to watch the sun come up. After prolonging their stay in Cologne for a week, during which they'd barely left their hotel room, they'd reluctantly decided it was time to go back to London, and Bella was feeling slightly anxious about having to find a new job while she decided what to do next. She'd have to wait another year to start, but perhaps she'd take a degree in a subject she really wanted to study this time, or perhaps she'd try to become a writer, which had been her secret childhood dream. She was sad when she thought about all the years she'd wasted, trying to make the most of what her mother and then Mike had expected of her, years she could have spent with Edward, if only she'd been brave enough. But at least, miraculously, they were together now and she felt so relieved he'd found her again that her eyes filled with tears. She loved him so much, and she was never going to let go of him now. Already thinking about which items of furniture she would get rid of and which would fit into Edward's thankfully very large house, she couldn't help a quick shimmy as she quietly hummed a happy tune to herself. Then, remembering the ice cream, she ate another spoonful, while she watched the sun turn the river and the sky from grey to pink and then to gold. Hearing a slight noise, she turned away from the window and saw Edward was awake and smiling at her. "Is that chocolate ice cream you're eating?" "Mmmh, this Italian ice cream is heavenly. I could eat it all day. Is it true you've got a place in Italy? I'd love to go there. For the ice cream mainly, obviously." "I'd gladly take you anywhere you want, My Love. And that reminds me, could you just come back to bed for a second? There's something which needs your urgent attention." Laughing at his corny line and bringing the last of the ice-cream with her, because she rather liked the thought of making Edward lick it off her naked body, Bella decided to do as she was told. -ooo- One Year Later… Shielding her eyes from the sun with her arm, Bella looked up into a cloudless blue sky and yawned as she lazily reached for her sunglasses, realising lunch would be ready soon and Edward would be wondering where she was. Bored with watching him work on his laptop, she'd wandered out into the garden with a book and fallen asleep in the shade of the lemon trees, which had scattered her with leaves as she slept. Despite the shade, Bella felt slightly hot and sticky and she idly wondered if there was time for a quick dip in the pool before lunch. But deciding a swim could wait, she smiled at how lazy she had become and shut her eyes again, making herself more comfortable in the long grass and luxuriating in the breeze which had sprung up to cool her face. Suddenly hearing a low chuckle, she opened one eye and saw that, dressed only in his swimming shorts, Edward had silently crept up on her and was kneeling at her side, fanning her face with the straw hat she'd discarded halfway across the lawn. Grinning up at him but still too lazy to move, Bella teasingly ran one finger across his hip and over the hearts and flowers which covered her name, admiring the way her engagement and wedding rings sparkled in the sunlight, and wondering what she'd ever done to deserve to be this happy. Returning her smile, Edward bent and placed a gentle kiss on her lips and reached out to caress her rounded belly before taking her hand in his. With her free hand, Bella patted the grass beside her and watched as he lay down at her side, feeling the slight tingle of electricity she always felt at his merest touch, as he put a protective arm around her and she rested her head on his chest. After a few minutes, they resumed the conversation they'd been having earlier about baby names, but it seemed too much of an effort in the heat, and after all, there was still plenty of time to decide. Bella remembered again that lunch was waiting, but she felt too comfortable lying there peacefully with Edward's arms wrapped around her and as she moved slightly to look up into his eyes, a random question occurred to her, "What would you have done if I hadn't accepted your job offer last summer?" He laughed and squeezed her more tightly for a second. "Sweetheart, you were mine from the moment I saw you." Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by leaving a review. If you happen to know the author's identity or "think" you do, please do not hint to this in your review, as this can compromise the author's anonymity and lead to disqualification. Add us to author alert to be notified of new stories. Want more info? Find us on Twitter at CPSffContest or visit our Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Facebook page. Public voting: February 21 2016 to March 6 2016.