to change your mind. Fuck. I still love the way it feels when your pussy pulses around my fingers. I can't wait any longer. I have to be inside you. After stripping out of my clothes, I give my dick a squeeze to relieve some of the pressure. Thankfully, you left the lamp on and are lying in the middle of the bed, leaving me room to climb in next to you. "Baby, I'm home," I whisper in your ear. Your body jumps, and I feel bad for startling you, but when you turn to look at me and smile, I have zero regrets. Your hands cradle my face. "I've missed you so much." "Me too," I assure you. I take one of your hands and kiss it, noticing a familiar, delicious flavor. "Bella, did you touch yourself tonight?" Your cheeks redden slightly, and you pull your hand away. "I couldn't help it. I was watching you on the livestream, and you know how turned on I get when I see you on stage." I grab your hand again and suck three fingers into my mouth. We both moan as I lick your orgasm off your skin. "How many?" My voice is low and needy. "How many times did you make yourself come tonight?" "Two," you breathe out. Your fingers are toying with your nipples, twisting and pulling them through that thin tank top you're wearing. Saucy minx. "That means I'm going to give you three before we're done tonight." I have no doubt I could give you more. You've always been sensitive to my touch and even more so these past few months, but I don't want to completely wear you out. You need your rest, and we have plenty of time to catch up. "I don't care how many times I come, Edward. I just want to feel you. I need you so bad." I brush the hair away from your face and kiss you. I'm trying to be sweet… gentle, but my restraint is like a rubber band being pulled too tight. One more tug and all hell will break loose. Your hand grabs my dick, but I stop you from pumping it. "Baby, please. Not yet." "You've been hard all night," you tell me. "Hard for you. Only you." "Let me take care of you, baby. You'll bounce back quick. You always do." Damn fucking right. You push me onto my back and start working my cock. I love it when you take charge like this. You don't tease. You devour, and I'm completely at your mercy. I reach down and pull your hair into a ponytail with my fingers so I can watch you. You give me a wink before taking all of me down your throat, humming the entire time. There goes that rubber band. Bright lights and white noise consume me as I explode inside your mouth. I don't think I've ever come this hard. When my breathing regulates and I can finally open my eyes, I see that smug grin on your face before you lick your lips. And guess fucking what. I'm still mostly hard. "Ride me," I command. You waste no time and quickly straddle my hips, rubbing my tip through your wet folds before sinking down on my dick. This is heaven. Being surrounded by your tight heat as your walls grip my cock is the best thing in the world. Scratch that. It's the second best. Second only to the look you're giving me right now. Hooded eyes gazing down on me and a swollen mouth that gasps, then smiles when I hit that special spot. Using my hands to hold on to for leverage, you bounce up and down on my cock until you scream my name. That's one orgasm. The great thing about that blow job you gave me is that now, I can last longer and focus more on you. I put you on your hands and knees and fuck orgasm number two out of you. Saving the best for last, I lay you down and slide a pillow under your hips before entering you again. I hope you're not too sore tomorrow. I love this position because I can watch you play with your pussy as I pump into you. Beads of sweat roll down my spine as I feel the pressure build up in my balls. "I need you to come, Bella. Tell me you're close." "So close," you murmur. I tilt your hips up more, hitting that spot again, and your pussy squeezes around me. "Yes, like that!" you yell, and I slam into you over and over until we're both overcome with ecstasy and screaming out our orgasms. I gently pull out and kiss you, telling you I love you before focusing my attention on your belly. It was torture not paying attention to it when I got home, but I wanted to take care of your needs first. Caressing it, I marvel at how round it is while planting soft kisses over your warm skin. "Is he okay? I wasn't too rough, was I?" "He's perfect, Edward, just like you." Your fingers in my hair cause me to hum contently. I close my eyes and revel in this moment of perfect peace. I'm a possessive bastard when it comes to you and my son, but when all is said and done, I'm the one who's completely owned by you both, and I wouldn't want it any other way. Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by leaving a review. If you happen to know the author's identity or "think" you do, please do not hint to this in your review, as this can compromise the author's anonymity and lead to disqualification. Add us to author alert to be notified of new stories. Want more info? Find us on Twitter at CPSffContest or visit our Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Facebook page. Public voting: February 21 2016 to March 6 2016.