was during these sessions I learned he had no problem with recovery, as well as stamina. It would seem that almost as soon as he'd finished with me, he was ready to go again. Not that I'm complaining. Then we had the week where he had to go away on business. God, that nearly killed me. I still worked late that Thursday, and I emailed him saying I had the biggest problem on the project to date, and it was a real shame he wasn't there to help me solve it. My phone rang almost instantly, and without even checking I was alone in the office, he was telling me to undo my blouse and take of my knickers. I, of course, followed his instructions to the letter. He proceeded to tell me exactly how to touch myself. I found relief with my own fingers for the first time since we'd started this thing with him whispering in my ear exactly what he'd do to me if he were there in person. I showed him my appreciation when he got back in our only other get together during office hours. I rode straight up to his office with him that Monday morning, neither of us saying a word the whole way. His PA wasn't in yet, and I followed him into his office, and after he'd kissed me stupid, I sank down onto my knees in front of him as he sat behind his desk in his big leather chair. He proceeded to fire up his laptop as I set about showing him exactly what he'd been missing. I was just taking him into my mouth fully for the first time, having teased him with licks and kisses up to that point, when there was a knock on his door. To my surprise he called out for the person to enter. I went to pull away, but his hand came to rest on the back of my head, holding me firmly in place. It was his PA, bringing him his morning coffee and his post. He spoke to her politely before requesting she go down to the sixth floor to get some report from some department. I don't remember too many details as all the while they were talking, he was gently encouraging me, with his hand on the back of my head, to continue what I was doing under the table. I was embarrassed and surprised to find that the elicit nature of doing this to a man, this man, in secret while he talked to someone else was making me feel extremely turned on. I sucked him harder, swirling my tongue over his head and bringing my hand up to fondle his balls. I was determined to make him loose control while she was there. But he didn't. I knew he was close though because, as soon as the door shut behind her, he shot his load right down my throat with muttered curses about me being the death of him. I got out of there before his PA came back from her errand to the sixth floor. An errand that he admitted was totally made up. But not before he returned the favor and made me see stars bent over his desk. But now the data had been gathered, and the evidence correlated and checked. Tomorrow, he was going to hand over the three offenders to the police, after firing their asses. He was looking forward to it. Personally, I wasn't looking forward to it. It meant the end of the project and, therefore, the end of us. We had no further need to meet up. It had been clear all along that what we were doing had to end. It was only sex after all. Great, mind-blowing sex, the best sex I'd ever had, but still only sex. There was no relationship. I'd also received a job offer from a rival firm. It was a step up the ladder and promised great things. As fantastic as fucking Mr. Cullen was, my integrity was starting to raise its annoying head. How could I have a career in a firm where I was screwing the boss? How would I ever know I'd achieved things on my own? It was going to kill me to walk away from him, but I knew things couldn't continue. In fact, I knew things weren't going to continue even if I stayed. I also knew, in the long run, I needed more than just great, mind-blowing sex. I dreamed of a man that I could spend my holidays with, of marriage and babies, and growing old in each other's embrace. All the things that were not offered by Mr. Cullen. So, as he had his meeting and handed our evidence over to the authorities, along with the three guilty parties, I made my call to McCarty Construction to let them know I'd be taking up their offer and could start the next week. I was sure with the department in disarray following the loss of three key players, no one would question me leaving so suddenly. Technically, I should give two-weeks' notice, but I knew I could get that waived. See, I was fucking the boss. Later that afternoon, I sent him an email explaining all. I said my goodbyes to Angela, who promised she'd keep in touch, packed up my personal items from my desk, and took elevator three down to the lobby before leaving CWH for the last time. Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by leaving a review. If you happen to know the author's identity or "think" you do, please do not hint to this in your review, as this can compromise the author's anonymity and lead to disqualification. Add us to author alert to be notified of new stories. Want more info? Find us on Twitter at CPSffContest or visit our Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Facebook page. Public voting: February 21 2016 to March 6 2016.