I had to grow immune to the shock of finding pages of bad love poetry (written by my father), or even worse, bad nude sketches (made by my mother, of my father I presume since they were in his books but you really couldn't tell by the subject's facial features) used as impromptu bookmarks. Even better, my parents are still truly and wholly in love, and I am beginning to understand from observation of the lives of my peers how rare and valuable this state of affairs may be. Indeed, apart from Emmett's episode of unsanctioned hell-raising, our entire family does a pretty thorough representation of wholesome American happiness, with beautiful, privileged people leading beautiful, privileged lives and—this is the shocker—actually being satisfied with the lives they lead. At least the rest of them are. Emmett, for his part, has been ecstatic with Forks ever since he met his girlfriend Rosalie. And since that happened the first time he hit the pool at the golf course the day after we arrived, he's been happy as the proverbial clam our whole time here. My little sister Alice, too, has adjusted to the exile much better than I. Though not twins, we are in the same grade at school. This is because she was only born 11 months after me and, when it was time for kindergarten, my parents used my summer birthday and male gender as an excuse to hold me back a year. That decision would have been laughable, seeing as I was already reading my mother's novels and begging my dad to write out math problems for me to solve, but both my mom and Alice hated to see me go on without them, and my Dad figured it wouldn't hurt me any to wait a year. As for me, I was just happy to have another year of unfettered access to the piano and the Nintendo, the joys of both of which I'd discovered the year I turned four. Initially distraught over leaving behind her friends and the theater program she was so active in, my sister quickly learned to love Forks for the lack of competition for leading roles and the existence of Jasper, Rosalie's brother. The path to true love was a little bumpier for the two of them, seeing as Jasper was clueless at the start and also is a twin to Rosalie, meaning he's got a good two years on Alice. This is true despite the fact that he's only a year ahead of us in school, same as Emmett and Rosalie. Emmet had to repeat the 10th grade when we moved to Forks due to failing most of his classes the previous year in Chicago, and Rosalie and Jasper were together held back one year in elementary school due to being moved around the country so much by their desperate, alcoholic mother. If Emmett hadn't been so enthralled by Rosalie, and Rosalie hadn't put in so many good words for her brother (who may be the only person on earth she truly loves besides my own brother and herself), he wouldn't have stood a chance against Emmett, who tends to be bossy when it comes to Alice's well-being. Even I was skeptical at first that Jasper could be good enough for my sister, especially after meeting Rosalie who I am not nor ever have been on friendly terms with, but time spent in his company changed my opinion on the matter. It also made him my closest friend, which causes a little awkwardness at times. But overall the friendship is worth it, as is Alice's happiness, and I'm glad the two of them have found each other so soon. If maybe I'm a little jealous at times too, well—that's to be expected, right? As for me, at least I'm not miserable like I was when we first moved here. I still miss the culture of a bigger city, though now that I have a driver's license and my own car, I solve that with near-weekly road trips to Port Angeles and, much preferably, Seattle. I've also driven down the coast to San Francisco twice with Jazz and Emmett, the summers before my sophomore and junior years. Those were good times; but that's another story. So what else is missing? Besides having to suffer through what passes as a high-school education in this academic backwater, I'm sure you can guess the source of my discontent. I mean, I'm surrounded by true love, and despite all my hard-as-nails posturing, I'd like a little taste of it myself. Or a lot. I even think, after months of alternately fantasizing in explicit detail about getting to know Bella, well, better, then second-guessing my insanely strong reactions to her as mere evidence of something f'd-up going on in my head, no doubt the result of unwilling rural living, that I have a candidate right in front of me… but I've been so uncertain about both of our possible reactions to initiating something formal that I've just sat and watched her instead. The excruciating part is seeing ever more clearly how much Bella might benefit from having me around; but that's also the part that keeps me from acting on my feelings, because what happens to her if I screw up, or screw her over? I'm not known for being the most sensitive person, and the idea of causing her pain is itself too painful to contemplate. So I don't, dancing around it in my head, and in the end leaving her more or less alone. And that's how the object of both my ever-increasing desire and my active fantasy life remained, to any outside observer, merely the little-girl-looking lab partner I left sitting at our table as I started off to meet with the asshole (so I'm presuming—sue me) researcher who's going to spend the next few months analyzing the sex lives of the Forks High junior class. I don't know who I'm sorrier for: him, or me.