get rid of them and we'll meet you around the block. You got a car?" He could hardly keep up. "How old are you?" he asked again. She stared at him. "I told you already." "Give me the number," he said. They weren't going forward if she couldn't answer a simple question. "Eighteen," she said. "We're all eighteen." "You really work for Ma Bell?" "Yeah," she said. "We're operators." "Okay…operator. Get your girls. We'll pick you up. Green Buick." He walked her back to the theater. Emmie had his eyes on her. Jasper was preoccupied with the two broads. It would be this way. Jasper had been lacing their Cokes from his flask. He stayed pickled as a rule. Em eyed Isbe and whistled. Eddie pretended he wasn't annoyed. But the girl didn't scare easy, and if she did, it was over. Isbe looked at them boldy and waved her fingers before going inside. "C'mon," he said to Em. "Give me your keys." "What? I'm driving." "Give 'em to me." Em dug in his pocket. "Where is it?" Eddie asked. "Around the corner," Em slurred. Eddie ran lightly to the vehicle, the green beast that belonged to Em's uncle. He got in and started it up and drove it around to the front of the show. The four of them piled in the backseat and he hadn't even taken off before they were lip locked with those broads. "Hey no fuckin' in here," he laughed, but they didn't hear or care. Normally he'd crank the radio and flip the mirror up, but he didn't do that now. He circled the block and those girls were just coming out of the theatre. Isbe must have had to twist their arms to get them to agree. Well it would be over soon. Even as he'd spied her, just a flash of her coming out of that theatre it was like she was burned on the backs of his eyelids. If he had a girl…like one you died for…lived for…she might be it. If such a thing…. Em was getting crazy, kicking the seat like he was raising over that broad. "No fuckin'," he yelled. Not yet anyway. Second time around those girls were coming around the corner. He pulled to the curb and barely hit the horn. He heard Rose say, "That's a green Buick." "Hey, hey," Eddie said, letting his arm fly as he whacked anyone he could reach. "Cut it out. There's some nice girls here want a ride." He knew that blondie had figured it out. She was talking a mile a minute to the other two. He saw Isbe's face, that beautiful face looking in the car now, seeing the pile in the backseat, and looking to him and he shrugged. "Get in," he called to the girls, but he meant her…Isbe. They were arguing, and he saw Isbe's face, he was bent low so he could see her. "Come on." "Not with them," Rose said. "Get out of here." "Who's that?" Em said, finally coming up for air. "These girls want to go with us," Eddie said. "That's your broad," Jasper slurred. He was never so drunk he couldn't keep the chicks straight. "What the hell's going on?" Blondie one said. "Get rid of those sluts and we can take these," Eddie said. "Not anymore," Jasper sang while Blondie two kept trying to turn his face toward hers so they could keep smooching. Jasper cranked he door. Em yelled, "Hey, shut that door. We got pussy here…." "Pussy?" Blondie two said. "Don't be crude." "Hey," Jasper yelled toward Isbe's gang. Eddie had his hand over his mouth. Was he going to let her get away like this? He thought he would, leave it play out. But she was going to round that corner and then he'd lose her. Jasper was out going after them, and Blondie two was out calling after him. "Hey you in those jeans," Jasper called. Alice wore rolled up jeans. With his long legs Jasper caught up to them easy. Eddie moved the car slowly forward. He didn't think Isbe would retreat so quickly. She was disappointing him. She stared at him while Jasper talked to the one called Alice, but that big one, Rose was yakking at him. She was pissed. "What's going on?" Blondie one kept saying. "Get in the car," she was telling her friend. "No. No. I ain't doing this. That guy had his hand up my dress and now he'd going after that broomstick?" "We're gonna have steak," Blondie one said. Em lunged for her again. "Drive," he said to Eddie, his hand between Blondie's legs. She shoved him off. "You guys…you promised," she screeched at Emmie. He put his hands up like she'd pulled a gun. "Calm down." Blondie one wasn't calming. "We gonna have dinner and go dancing like you said?" Em leaned back and closed his eyes. "Yes." Eddie was trying not to laugh. He watched in the mirror and Blondie tried to push Em forward so she could dig out his wallet. Em heaved a sigh and pushed her hand out of the way and went for it himself. He threw ten dollars on her lap. "Ten lousy dollars!" she screeched. "I didn't have change," Em said. She hit on him for that and he covered his head and laughed. Then she was pulled out of the car by her friend and they yelled their ways down the street. Eddie put on some gas and the car moved, the back door still open wide. He pulled next to the girls where Jasper was still negotiating their surrender. Em had stayed quiet until they got close. "I'll take that one you had." "The fuck you will," Eddie whispered. She was staring at him, and he saw her make up her mind. She hit Alice on the arm. "Come on," she said. Then she walked towards the car and he leaned over and opened the door.