I'm sure the faculty would love to hear about how you assaulted Bella." "But I didn't! We were just talking." "Yes, you were. I saw it all, and I stepped in to avoid it escalating into rape. Who do you think they'll believe?" Mike stares at Edward with pure hatred written across his features. "Fuck you, Masen." Edward doesn't reply. "So, what? You're fucking your teacher, Bella? Is that what it's about?" Mike sneers at me. I turn my head and don't reply. Mike laughs, an ugly sound filled with anger. "You won't get away with this." He turns and leaves then, still rubbing his arm. Even though my whole being cries out for him, Edward doesn't touch me at all. I know someone may be watching, so I stay where I am instead of wrapping my arms around his body and laying my head on his chest. "Are you okay, Bella?" he asks, his fists clenching at his sides with the effort it takes to not touch me. I nod, tears welling in my eyes, annoying me. I hate to cry because it makes me feel like I'm weak, but Mike genuinely scared me. "I'm fine., Edward. But Mike… He's getting worse. He just won't take no for an answer." "This has happened before? Why didn't you tell me?" Full of guilt, I look up at him. "I didn't think it was anything serious. I kept telling him no, and he kept coming back and insisting I go to prom with him. I can't tell him I'm taken. I wish I could..." Edward steps closer to me, his warm breath teasing the tiny hairs along my forehead. I feel that tightening in the pit of my stomach as my heart does a lovely flip in my chest. "You're mine, Bella. Maybe one day soon, we'll be able to tell everyone..." Astonished, I stare at him. "Edward, you're married." "Maybe that will change," he replies, his eyes intense. My heart pounds with excitement and fear as endless possibilities go through my head. His words are so simple yet dangerously loaded. He told me divorce isn't a possibility for him, as Rosalie's parents had insisted on a prenuptial agreement that stated Edward would be left penniless if he ever left her. "I'll protect you, Bella. Tell me if that kid bothers you again." It's not a request. I nod. We go our separate ways after that, and I'm aware Mike is watching me wherever I go as I attend all of my classes. My spine crawls with fear as he grins at me quite openly when I catch him. He doesn't look scared, just determined. . . . A few more months pass, and the flame between me and Edward has only grown. I love him with every fiber of my being, and although he's yet to say those words, I know he's utterly addicted to me, my body, and my presence in his life. Every spare moment is spent together, and we drink each other in. Sex is a massive part of our relationship, but lately, we've begun to dream about things that can't happen. On my eighteenth birthday, Edward gave me an unusual bracelet. It's gold and wraps around my arm several times. It looks to be of Aztec origin, but it could just be fake. I don't care if it is, though. I love it and wear it constantly. Mike still watches me, and that shiver of fear will always accompany his stare. It's as if my sixth sense is warning me to be careful, so I am. I avoid him at all cost. Things between Edward and Rosalie aren't good, and I can't say I'm unhappy about this. . . . It's a Tuesday night, and I'm riding Edward's cock in the back seat of his Jaguar. He unexpectedly asked me to meet him an hour ago, and I agreed. I never say no to him. There's no reason to; we both want the same thing. I felt his body harden inside me, and I rock against him as the spiral inside me shatters, sending me free falling into outer space. Edward fiercely grips me to him as he comes and his teeth mark my neck, reaffirming our bond. I hold him tighter as the pain from the bite mingles with the unadulterated bliss rippling through my body. "Mine," Edward growls against my skin, and I glow with the knowledge I belong to him on a level no one else ever could. "Yes. Yours," I whimper as I move with him, still restless and seeking. "All yours." After our bodies and hearts have calmed, we lie together on the seat. Edward's body is bent to accommodate the tiny space, and mine is lying along his effortlessly. His fingers dance along my spine as I listen to the sound of air filling and leaving his lungs. "Bella?" he says softly. I raise my head to look at him. "Yes?" He stares at me intently for a few moments, as if he's memorizing my face. "We have to get rid of Rosalie." "Get rid of her?" I freeze, though a part of me has always known this day would come. Edward nods. "We have to kill her." My heart races as repulsion mixes with elation. I don't reply at first, but I know in my heart that there's nothing I won't do for Edward Masen. He owns me. He controls me. And I live to please him. Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by leaving a review. If you happen to know the author's identity or "think" you do, please do not hint to this in your review, as this can compromise the author's anonymity and lead to disqualification. Add us to author alert to be notified of new stories. Want more info? Find us on Twitter at CPSffContest or visit our Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Facebook page. Public voting: February 21 2016 to March 6 2016.