many nightly walks to try to get out of my head. I was rounding a corner when I heard a man shouting from behind his house. When I went to investigate to make sure everyone was okay I witnessed him yelling at his son that looked to be five years of age. He was screaming at him to pull down his pants, a belt swinging from his fist. He forced the boys clothes off to stand naked in the yard while he beat him with the buckle end of his belt. The child's painful cries forced the faces of every hurting child I saw back in Iraq to my memory and before I knew it the man's throat was held tight in my grip. He tried to fight back but he was no match for my trained skills. I ripped his belt out of his hand and threw him against the side of the house with my other hand still on his throat and elbow firmly against his chest. "Do you have a neighbor you trust?" I said to the little boy, turning my head to him. "Somewhere close and safe you can go to?" His back already had huge, welts turning purple with blood starting to trickle out of them. He nodded his head and started running. I dragged his father back into the house and slammed the door behind me. He was screaming obscenities at me, struggling beneath my grasp. I kicked his feet out from under him and let him fall hard to the floor before I started treating him the same way he did to his son. "How do you like it now, you cock sucking asshole? Doesn't feel so good to become somebody's bitch does it? So little of a person you have to beat on a small child because you're not man enough to take on someone stronger?" His cries echoed off the walls as I beat him in his face and all over his torso, while visions of Iraq flashed through my clouded vision of rage. I don't know how long it took until his body finally gave out and he died. That began the serial killing of my life that I quickly adapted to. Anytime I saw a child being beaten, abused or neglected I would end up paying a visit to their home later that night. It was almost like a vindication for every wrong thing I felt I did before. Like these deaths didn't make up for the other ones, but it sure did help me feel like I was righting a wrong in their names. I looked in the eyes of the man sitting before me, lunch forgotten and unwanted, and nodded my head at him. "Thanks," was all I could reply. FWAR The next day at my court date I was told what I already knew was going to happen. Sentenced to lethal injection. But I was okay with it. Because death seemed like a fitting thing by this point for me. It meant I no longer had to live tortured by these images of senseless deaths. Looking around the courtroom as they ushered me away I became even more okay with it. Because looking back at me were the eyes of what our society calls victims but to me were only the eyes of soulless people who mourned the deaths of others who mistreated children. Kids that they should have been so grateful to have. Kids that should have been raised with love, to become adults they could be proud of. Adults that could pass on all of that unconditional love and support to their own children. Instead they took for granted what they had and abused it and marred the possibility of them having a normal life. So despite the cheers to my death, I walked out of that court room with my head held high. FWAR Laying on this table, my wrists, ankles and head strapped down, I feel cold chills spread up my body at what is about to become. If there is a hell, I feel as if I would be joined by every other military man who faced the same as I did. When I was younger I thought that when I died it would be at an old age, not the thirty-two year old man I am now. That I would have an epitaph proudly stating that I was a beloved and loving husband and father. That this tombstone with loving thoughts etched into it would be placed in a military grave with an American flag placed in my coffin. Not the ashes that I would become to sit on a shelf somewhere in this jail. An epitaph that strangers would walk by and see and think that I must have been a good man, loved by many. But now I just feel as if I was nothing. Even though I affected so many people's lives, I was still nothing. And I hoped that that's all that would follow after the needles were placed in my arm. Nothingness afterwards so that I could no longer remember those faces and their pain. Just like how I would have nothing written on a tombstone. Just a name on an urn. As I felt the pull of death drown me under I prayed for the first time in my life. I prayed that every child who died by a senseless act or had to live through too much pain in their short lives were given a wonderful epitaph in my place. Written full of the love and innocence that they were forced to lose. That somewhere after their horrible deaths they were shown kindness and could learn what it meant to feel happiness and no longer witness the horror that they were forced into. A/N: I just wanted to say that most of these stories were based on true stories. Also, that I would like to expand on this past the word count later.