a good berating of his brother for touching his baby brother. "Well...he's cute." Bella supported her husband as she could in this situation. Carlisle nodded. "I somewhat wish that he wasn't your first in a sense, but experimenting is experimenting, and all boys do it. Vampires or not." He assured his son who slunk down in his seat from embarrassment. Emmett nodded, still in shock. "I guess I wish he wasn't your first either, but it's already done with. So, Bella, your next. Please." He begged her to move on with this thing to get it over with. Bella shrugged. "What do I confess? I've never had sex other than my and Edward's consummation, and I was never into partying or anything like that. I never had sexual neighbors or anything, and Edward was my first kiss." She told them. Rosalie thought about it. Bella was the real Saint Cullen this time around. "Well, have you ever touched a girl?" "No." Bella told her truthfully. "Uh, thought about touching a guy?" Alice asked as well. Bella shook her head. "Touching yourself?" Emmett asked her at last. "No." Jasper blinked. "Really? You've never touched yourself?" He sounded shocked. Bella shook her head. "No. It never occurred to me to try it either. Edward took my first orgasm." She admitted. "I did?" He sounded smug, a grin accompanying his smugness. She nodded, letting her husband have his gloating moment. Rosalie was shocked as well, but moved on. "Well, I guess I can confess that me and Alice did it a few times." She said honestly. Both of the husbands looked to their wives, and Alice nodded in agreement to what Rosalie said. "Wow, moving on. Let's get this done." Emmett begged everyone. "I'll go, then you can go, Emmett." Alice told him, breaking the cycle. Emmett waved her. "Sure, why not?" He muttered. "Please let this be over." Bella begged in a prayer. Alice ignored Bella. "Okay. In 2000, I wandered off of my hunting path and spotted two humans having sex, and I watched then went to Jasper to try out what they had done." "Was that where that move came in?" Jasper asked her curiously. Alice nodded. "Yep. I saw them and wanted to try it." "You didn't do very terrible. It was very nicely done." Jasper commended her once more on the position they had done for the first time in 2000. Alice smiled brightly. "Thank you, Jazz." "Oh god let this end!" Emmett begged the ceiling, not wanting to hear anything more. "Please, Emmett! Just tell them what they want to know and let's leave for ice cream!" Bella begged her brother to end this sex secret confession group. Emmett looked confused. "Confess what? I've certainly never done a guy, or been blown by anyone but Rose, and I certainly never had sex with neighbors or my brothers, or did drugs! What do I have to confess?!" He demanded them "That you're gay!" Rosalie finally bursted out. "I'M WHAT?" Emmett stood up quickly in outrage. "Emmett, it's fine. We don't care about it either. We fully support you." Edward calmed the situation down. Emmett turned to Rosalie. "What the hell, Rose? Why do you think I'm gay all of a sudden?" He asked his wife with big gold eyes. Rosalie sighed. "I guess it's not all of a sudden. I mean...just think! You love pink." Rosalie told him. "Because you like it." Emmett interrupted quickly. "And you love reading Pride and Prejudice on Sunday." "What else can we do? Everything's always closed, and Bella likes to sleep in on Sundays because of her back!" Emmett defended himself again. "You like shopping for clothes with Alice and Esme," Rosalie started to glare. "Because they're fun to shop for! Alice likes all these punk shirts and I think they're really cute!" "And you're going crazy for Bella and the baby!" "WHO ISN'T?" Emmett explained loudly. Carlisle stood up. "Alright, both of you relax. Emmett, this is an honest family time. We're aren't judging or trying to upset you in anyway." He insisted to his horrified son. Emmett gaped. "guys, I'm not gay! So I like some pink in my life, and I love to shop with the girls, so what? And everyone is going crazy for the baby okay, so don't use that against me! I'm totally straight, I'm just really comfortable with my sexuality okay?" He told his wife firmly. Rosalie crossed her arms. "Emmett, I already know you're gay. Just tell me and we can work this out." She demanded. "I'M NOT GAY." Emmett insisted loudly. Bella sighed. "I'm going out for ice cream. Emmett' come take me." She kissed Edward's cheek and gave him a look that said she would get it out of him. Edward smiled back. "Alright, maybe a good calming session is needed." He said to everyone who agreed. Emmett snatched his keys off the coffee table as Bella followed with her jacket that was bigger than last month's due to her growing child. "What assholes; telling me I'm gay cause I shop. What assholes." Emmett muttered to himself. Bella rolled her eyes and was helped into the jeep carefully before Emmett sped to his side and started the jeep, and tore out the drive and down the road in silence. After two minutes in silence, Emmett stopped at a red light and turned to Bella. "Do you think they bought it?" He grinned widely. Bella laughed and bumped knuckles with him. "You'll never hear the end of this for a century, dude." She swore. Emmett laughed with her. "Worth it. Number 1 on the bucket list: Make family believe I'm gay and lying about being straight – completed." Emmett laughed with Bella. The light turned green and Emmett and Bella sped down the road in glee of actually making the family believe Emmett was gay. What a start of the new Cullen's life this was going to be. Another one-shot for 'Cullens What'!