from him. Often we acted as a couple to avoid lust struck humans trying to gain our attention and while I did love him deeply, it wasn't passion and lust. It wasn't the sort of love that made you want to give yourself to someone mind, body and soul. "Whatever it is your waiting for, good luck." His arms drew me into a hug and he winked before sauntering off. I watched him go shaking my head in amusement. A boy punched the shoulder of another human "Good to see you again man. You have a good summer? I can't believe we're back in this hell hole already." It was happening, it was really happening, anticipation ran through me like blood. I turned away and the wind brought the scent of heaven to my nose. I closed my eyes and inhaled deeply trying to fill myself with the delicious fragrance. Opening my eyes I found the source of the scent staring back at me. A blush swept across her face and joy exploded inside of me. I had found her, at last I had found my mate. She looked even better in person than she had in my vision. Rich brown hair shifted in the breeze bringing me more of her scent – vitality and summer. I could feel my chest vibrating as I began to purr loudly. "Bella…" my voice was a whisper but she took a step towards me as if she had heard. Mike Newton step into her path breaking our eye contact. ' Kill him. He's talking to our mate. Kill him and we can see her again'. I struggled for control of myself. 'No, no killing, it would scare her.' ' We don't want to scare mate.' She settled back and watched Mike resentfully. I exhaled gratefully. I should go to class. I paused searching the future for the consequences of that decision. I wouldn't see Bella again until lunch, and then she would have biology with Edward. He would struggle to control himself and being a bastard would promptly try to ban the rest of us going near her. Well that was one future I didn't want to happen. A quick scan of my decision to walk her to the office to collect her schedule resulted in nothing more than seeing her let me. Which meant there were too many unknown decisions for me to see further. Still it was better than the alternative. "Are you sure you don't want me to show you the way to the office?" Mike was doing his best impression of a puppy dog. I slipped my arm around Bella's waist and moved her away from him, starting to walk her towards the office. "Sorry Mike, I need to borrow Bella." "Err sure." I giggled at his expression. I took a moment to enjoy the feel of her, she was amazingly warm and soft. Despite the fact she was taller than me she seemed to fit perfectly against me. I started to pull my arm back, ' No our mate.' My hand squeezed Bella's waist instead of letting go and I fought a brief, silent battle to regain control. Slowly I pulled away ignoring my monsters inner growls. "Sorry about that but you looked like you needed rescuing ." "I did. Thanks." She sounded breathless but there was no hint of distress. "You're welcome" I grinned like an idiot and without meaning to I hugged her. "I'm Alice by the way." She laughed in my ear hugging me back. "I'm Bella but you already knew that." The words tickled my ear sending shivers down my spine. Letting go of her was so much harder this time, even though Mon (short for monster) didn't try to fight me. "It's nice to meet you Bella. So is there any chance you'll allow me to walk you to the office?" She gave me a cheeky smile blushing slightly "sure after all you did rescue me." The blood rushing to the surface made her scent even stronger. She smelled so, good and so tasty. ' Not tasty. She's our mate, bad Alice bad.' Oh lord I was being told off by my inner monster now. "Good because we're here." I grinned at her stepping back and sweeping out my hand to indicate the stone building in front of us. The building was the original school and made from solid stone. It was totally out of keeping with the rest of the single story school which could have been mistaken for any school in the country. She laughed again and ascended the half dozen steps. Her hand on the door, she turned back to me, her teeth worrying her bottom lip. I barely managed to contain my groan of want. I could fly up the steps and take that lip between my own teeth. Except my vision informed me that would result in her screaming and the school calling Carlisle. Who would suggest I took a few weeks of to work on my self-control. "Would you mind, err, waiting and showing me the way to my first lesson?" I beamed up at her bouncing happily. "Sure." She ducked her head and smiled shyly before heading into the reception. She was so cute. I listened to her conversation with woman behind the desk, as I ran through possible futures. I snarled in frustration. Nothing had changed other than now Bella would smile at me during lunch and decided to try and sit at our table. Only to end up on sitting with Jessica and Mike Newton. I couldn't see a way to spend more time with Bella, unless…. Yep that would work. I bounced up and down and clapped my hands. I was going to cheat. After all what's the point in seeing the future if you can't cheat every now and then? So you reached the end :-) if you have a minute i would love to know what you thought of it. Thanks