should answer him truthfully, and then notice another comment that cracks me up so I nod while trying to contain myself. "Can I read it when it's finished?" I don't have to answer with words when my face automatically screws up. "Or not." He shuts down the computer and goes back to his office. I feel bad. It was nice having him there next to me even for a little while and I already miss him. He busies himself with his usual end of day routine and I lose interest in Facebook and in the story. I realize what a fool I've been, thinking I could bring that world into the office without someone finding out and it's already hurting my friendship with Masen. He's very attractive, intelligent, helpful, good at his job, and if he worked anywhere else, I would be definitely encouraging him but since he works under the same roof, I have to keep this professional. I can go home early from now on and put on extra sweaters and socks when it's only for one more month. By the end of December, I will be out of here. "What do you think?" Masen walks towards me with a wide screen monitor and a grin on his face. "This should stop her complaining when she realizes she has to personalize everything again." I nod and laugh because he's right. She's been lobbying for a wide screen for a while now but her supervisor won't sign off on it. "Isn't that…?" "Yeah, it's your old one. I cleaned it up. Do you think she'll notice?" I shake my head, chuckling, thinking about her reaction in the morning and the big deal I'll make of it. He swaps the monitor and boots the computer up, adjusting the resolution to get the maximum out of it. As he shuts it down, he asks, "Are you going soon? I'm finished." "Sure," I say, feeling our friendship might not have taken a hit after all and feeling delighted about it. "Do you want to get something to eat?" Hell, I was feeling so optimistic and he just ruined everything. "Uh, thank you Masen but I… I don't get involved with guys from work." He frowns and says, "It was just a meal. Don't worry about it." He goes and gets his laptop bag, locks his office and waits for me before he follows me out to the lot. I open my car door to get in, drop my purse on the seat and I'm suddenly overwhelmed with the need to explain why I'm pushing him away. "Masen, I'm sorry." "There's nothing to be sorry for, so please just do me a favor and get in your car. It's freezing out here." I look down at my arms wrapped around my waist and see white vapor coming out of my mouth, knowing he's right. Standing outside in this weather at night is no place for me to start opening up about my past. For a second I weaken, asking myself who it would hurt if I shared a meal with this lovely man, and I know the answer is me - I'm the one who would get hurt. I know how quickly I'd fall in love with someone like him and suddenly the need to flee is so strong that I get in my car and don't look back as I drive off. The first thing I do when I get home is change into thermals, sweats, two pairs of socks and slippers. Then I check out the realtor site for apartments nearby. The plan was to sign a three-month lease on this flea trap and wait until my probation period was over before committing to something more permanent, and it was a good plan until the weather turned on me. I had what I needed to sustain me and for a while it felt like penance for having the stupidity to get involved with an arrogant prick who fed lies to my colleagues about why we split up. I will never understand why he turned on me like that. Tonight I have to get a scene done where Edward wants to know why Bella can't make a commitment to him. I'm trying not to let it get too heavy but it's hard when you're feeling melancholy and when I read back the last few paragraphs I've written, I realize it's reminiscent of what happened just after six o'clock. I can't write any more. My eyes well up with tears as I see the comedy I'm supposed to be writing turn into the truth about my relationship with Masen. In the story, Bella and Edward will get past this stage and go on to fall deeply in love but we won't. I think about rewriting it but decide to leave a little part of me in there that no one will recognize anyway. The poignancy of the moment will be lost in the overall humor of the story. I make a cup of tea and get into bed with my electric blanket on high and my spirits at an all time low. -The IT Guy- I tell Angie how hard Masen worked to make sure her computer was ready and I say she's not to draw attention to the fact that he's given her a new monitor. She mimics a zipper running across her lips and winks, pleased with both the monitor and the secret. There is a flurry of activity and some loud words as one of the PA's rushes out of the office and someone sticks the foil 'Happy Birthday' sign that gets reused constantly across Masen's door. We've never mentioned birthdays, so I'm not surprised I didn't know today was the day. However, when the same person comes back and sticks a page underneath it, my heart feels like it just turned sour in my chest. The sign reads – FOR YESTERDAY. ... Hope you like it Missy. Happy Birthday.