my body trying to reassure me. "Shh… baby it gets better I promise" Edward says He slowly pulls out, and enters me again, but this time it hurts less than the first time, Edward starts thrusting into me, faster and faster, I begin to feel something else than pain, pleasure. Quickly,it replaces the pain entirely, as Edward thrusts into me with a wild abandon. I scream and whimper, the pleasure too intense, then, my world is turned up upside down as my high reaches it's peak. Edward follows quickly, and I feel a hot liquid spill inside of me. Edward slowly pulls out, and before I can recover, Jasper has taken his place, he is less than gentle as he enters me, and he stretches me even more than Edward did. His thrusts match his personality, rough and wild. Then, it's Emmett's turn, and he is the most gentle of the three, as soon as Emmett finishes an pulls out of me, I fall into oblivion, exhausted. I am awakened in the morning by noise outside my door. It takes some time for the events of the night before to resurface, and for a moment I think it was all a dream. The soreness in between my legs, and the blood stain on my bed sheets tell me otherwise. I painfully sit up, suddenly, I realize what woke me, as I hear voices. I know I shouldn't be listening but my curiosity gets the better of me.I get up, putting a robe on, before walking to the door as silently as I can. "Fine! But you'll have her last" I hear Emmett say "Fine" It's Edward who says this I wonder if they are talking about me, after what happened last night anything is possible. Suddenly the door opens, revealing my three tormentors, they are all looking at me with a different expression. Emmett is wearing his usual amused expression, Edward looks guilty while Jasper just glares at me. "Didn't your mother teach you that it's rude to listen behind doors little girl?" Jasper says It's the first time I've heard him speak, and his booming voice gives me chills. If I wasn't scared of him before, I definitely am now, but this fright is mixed with something I can't quite understand, desire. "I think you need a lesson" He says taking a strand of my hair in his hands, rolling it between his fingers "Jasper, now is not the time, I think we need to talk" "I don't know why you insist on saying the word talk when it's really just going to be a monologue" "I mean it's not like she's going to respond" Emmett says, and I can't help but agree. "I think she needs to know Emmett, especially after last night" Edward answers and I blush remembering what took place the night before. "But first you should probably get dressed…it's kind of distracting" Emmett says and I realize that my robe has untied and that I am flashing them, I promptly close it, which is pretty dumb, they have seen all they could see last night. When I finally enter the office, 30 minutes later, they are all already there waiting for me. The three of them look up at me as I enter the room, but I can see something has changed about the way they do. They all have some kind of hunger, and the way they look at me, it's giving me chills. "Bella , take a seat sweety, I think you'll need to be comfortable to hear this" Emmett says "Bella, what happened last night shouldn't have and we are all very sorry, but the truth is even if we had wanted to, we couldn't have stopped it, Bella, you are our mate" Edward says, and I knit my eyebrows together Their mate? What the heck is that supposed to mean? "I know it sounds crazy and I won't blame you if you don't believe me, but Jasper, Emmett and I are all part of very ancient and very powerful clans of what you humans call 'werewolves', and a long time ago, a prophecy was predicted, this prophecy says that the three most powerful clans would be merged because of a girl. That girl would be mate to all three alphas, and the first baby created by their union would be the ultimate alpha, merging the three clans together and creating the ultimate clan. That clan would become unbeatable and would rule the world. Bella, you are that girl, you are going to bear the most powerful alpha of all time, but for that, we need to get you pregnant first" I can't believe my ears and I don't know whether I should burst out laughing or crying. If they are serious, it means that I am some kind of incubus they will have to breed. All three of them. "Obviously, for you own good, we can't all have you every night, so we've decided to share you, each one of us has one night with you, then the fourth, we have to share you" Edward says I feel like an object, they are going to share, it's a bad feeling. "But, we have decided to leave you alone for one week since you must be really sore from last night" Emmett says and I realize that's what they must have been talking about "Your first night will be with Emmett , then me, and Edward gets you last" Jasper says pointedly looking at Logan I want to scream at them, I want to tell them I am no object, they can't use me the way they do. I want to tell them I don't want their stupid baby, that I am a human being, I have feelings. I want to tell them that I don't care if they are werewolves or Greek gods, I just want them to leave me alone. But I can't, so I just stay quiet, always quiet.