are his slacks. No hesitation as he pops the button and unzips them, letting them fall to his feet. Unashamedly, he sheds his boxers, and his cock bounces as he frees it from its confines. Holy. Fuck. To say it's been a while is an understatement, and I feel moisture seep onto my thighs at just the sight of him. "Off," he says, pointing to my shirt and pants like they're offending him. "I want to see you." I do as I'm told by quickly pulling the shirt over my head and shimmying out of the pants. They're so loose it's easy work, and since I didn't put any panties on after my shower, I'm completely naked… bare, exposed, vulnerable… and somehow it's okay. "So perfect," he mutters before climbing over me, his arms caging me in. Instead of feeling trapped, I feel free. Being with Edward makes me feel safe and wanted. "Just to be clear," he says, his voice smooth and low. "I plan on fucking you." My eyes grow wide at his candor, and the wetness between my thighs multiplies. I don't reply, because I don't know how to. "Spread your legs for me, Bella. Let me make you feel good." My knees fall to the sides as he leans back and kneels between them. I watch as he sticks two fingers in his mouth and then runs them down my slit , circling my entrance. After a few more passes without penetration, I'm practically begging for it. My hips arch off the bed, and I grip the soft blanket beneath me in both hands. Closing my eyes, I let myself just feel. When two fingers slip inside and something hot touches my clit, I practically jump off the bed. I open my eyes to see Edward's gorgeous head is between my legs, and I nearly come right then. It only takes a few more minutes before his talented tongue and fingers coax an orgasm out of me… and then another. "That's perfect," Edward's voice soothes from down below. "So fucking perfect." I can't stand it any longer. I need him. I need to feel his weight, and I want him inside of me. I want to know what it's like. I want to be his, even if it's just for tonight. "Please… I—I need you… To feel you," I plead. Crawling up the bed and over me, he settles himself against the headboard. "Come here." He crooks a finger in my direction, inviting me over. I never feel sexy. That's just not me. But in this instant, with him looking at me with hooded eyes and a cockiness that stirs something deep inside me, I do. Rolling over onto my stomach, I crawl toward him, kneeling beside him. He reaches into his nightstand and pulls out a condom. The thought had crossed my mind, but after the mind-blowing series of orgasms, I'd kinda forgotten. I'm glad he's on his game. I watch intently as he opens the package and unrolls the condom down his length, the need I've felt since he said he was going to fuck me beginning to build. I want him. More than I've ever wanted anything in my life. "Come here," he instructs, gripping my hips and guiding me into place. The second his cock is at my entrance, I freeze. What if it hurts? What if I'm not what he wants? Self-doubt is a bitch. "Look at me, Bella," he demands. "Keep your eyes on me." I lock eyes with him, the tension increasing. His teeth come down on his bottom lip as I allow the tip of his erection inside. It feels good. So damn good. "More," I pant, breaking our gaze to look down between us as his length slides in another inch. "So fucking tight," Edward says with a moan. "So. Fucking. Perfect." Each word is emphasized as his hands grip tighter on my hips, like he's holding on for his life. After a few seconds, I slide down until our hips meet. His pelvis rubs perfectly against my clit, making me moan in approval. "Does it feel good?" he asks. I nod, my breath catching in my throat. "Tell me. Tell me how good I make you feel." "So fucking good," I cry as he forces my hips up and down, faster and faster. "Who does this ass belong to?" "You." "Tell me," he demands, gripping my backside, his fingers digging into my flesh, causing it to sting in the most delicious way. "It's yours." I let out a deep breath, resting my lips on the skin of his neck. With each intake, his scent washes over me, infiltrating my senses—spices, woods, clean cotton, and something singularly him. He owns me, making me want things I never dreamed of before—this, him. . . . In the darkness, I forget where I am. Panic rises up inside until I feel strong arms wrap around my torso and hug me close. Edward. Flashes of last night play like an old home movie in my mind, his words coming back to me. " I don't share." Owning. Belonging. I never saw myself as someone who needed someone else. I made it fine on my own. I wasn't looking for anyone when Edward happened to cross my path. But now, lying here in his arms, I can't imagine wanting anything less. It feels good to be wanted. Needed. To belong to someone… and to own him just the same. Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by leaving a review. If you happen to know the author's identity or "think" you do, please do not hint to this in your review, as this can compromise the author's anonymity and lead to disqualification. Add us to author alert to be notified of new stories. Want more info? Find us on Twitter at CPSffContest or visit our Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Facebook page. Public voting: February 21 2016 to March 6 2016.