toned legs are gorgeous. " Hi , You must Bella. i am Leah . Let me get one of those off from you. " She took heavy bag from me. " Thank you. Yes i am your new roommate. " i replied. She is friendly i thought. And she is carrying my bag like she used to heavy lifting with ease. " So what would be this hostel like ? " i asked while carrying my remaining boxes from my truck to room. The chat is fun, Leah is not like anything i expected. I can tell she is physically strong girl and very attractive too. After unpacking things i went to bathroom to shower. i removed my dress and I am shampooing my head. Entire day is strange and my body started relaxing under warm shower. Then I heard Leah is talking on phone and some curses. Then I heard knocking on bathroom. " Bella. i am sorry to disturb you. But I need bath. i have a party to attend. " " I am currently doing shampoo. Wait for a minute. i wash it off. " i replied her. Leah didn't reply instant but after a moment i heard her. " If you don't mind, can we share ? " She is really asking me this. " You mean shower? " i am not sure I heard correctly. " Yes." " It is weird but if you really sure I guess it's okay. " i unlocked the door. " Thank you. " she entered and removed her top. Her breasts are firm and really little more than handful. Her torso is toned . She removed her bottom too. Her legs are long and toned. In fact her entire body is toned and gorgeous. i saw her pussy and I can feel tingles in my body. " I need quick shower Bella. " i nodded and moved from showerhead. She moved to my position. There is not that much space in bathroom so our naked bodies touched. i felt like shocked by electricity. Under water her beauty became ten fold. She took soap and quickly rubbing all over her body while I am watching her naked back especially her ass. i really want to touch them or give little squeeze. She is looking like not affected by any of this. " Bella . Can you rub my back. " she handed me soap. i absent mindedly took soap from hand and started applying all the back. " Thank you Bella. You are really life saver. " and she is saying something more but I am in trance . i am touching her smooth skin and it is really affecting me. After i apply all her back, i lowered my hands to her ass. As soon as I touched her ass she jerked and moved. " Bella ! That won't be necessary. " She turned toward me , i saw her beautiful breasts again. She rinses all the soap then clean herself. " Bye Bella. " she left the bathroom. Once again i left horny by girl. i know what to do. After quick finger fucking , my body started to cool down. Warm shower made me relax and l mind went to think what a crazy day this was. I thought I loved Alice but I am horny by another beautiful woman. May be it is not love or i am not capable of resisting beautiful woman especially when she is naked and wet. But I know what I feel about Alice is different than what I feel about Leah. i didn't feel lust until I saw her naked but with Alice only her look is enough to make me weak in knees. Now I am clear i know what I feel about Alice is deeper than anything. Maybe it is love, if it is love then all romance novels are wrong, if it is not love then it is different and primitive and raw . i finished my bath and dried with towel then wore white pajamas. I buttoned single near my breasts , leaving lower three buttons. My bottom has elastic thread to tie and came to mid thigh. i felt like suffocating so I left the thread without tiding. If anyone see me i will give hell of show, if I stand my bottom will drop. i increased air conditioner, cool air tickled my body. Now I am alone and nothing to do so i opened the book. Even though book is mainly smut, i am always interested in how it is gonna end . This book is relationship between two women, one is teacher and other is student. Student has crush on teacher but teacher is not interested in conventional relationship. She likes to dominate and one of the reason she took the job. Anyhow student agreed to become submissive to her teacher. That is first chapter, now I am proceeding to another. Teacher took student to her house and showed her the room where most of her activities happened. First thing she done is spanking her with paddle. The writer explained the scene so beautiful , how dominant thinks and how does submissive is feeling. Even though dominant is inflicting pain still she cares and how much trust it is involved to become fully submit to other. After finishing the chapter i felt like my body is in fire. And I imagined Alice is spanking me then Leah. I am wondering can i spank someone else. That thought also amused me. I am about to close the book and call Charlie i saw something at bottom of page. " You are lucky fan. This is my number . " then below there is a number. i thought this is hoax but if is true i don't want to miss the chance. So I dialed the number. It started ringing for my surprise. Then someone lifted the phone and I heard voice. " Hello "