and reminded her of every fifties crooner she'd ever swooned over growing up. He had her full attention. "Yeah," she slurred, placing her palms on the bricks. She smirked, but the expression faded quickly when she remembered exactly why she'd left the cozy venue. "I'm just looking for a buddy of mine. He has black hair and-" she hiccuped. "I think I might, uh, I'm crazy," Bella lamented, finally recognizing the pity and curiosity in his jade colored eyes. "I didn't see anyone, but I'd be happy to bring you back inside. I only stepped out for a smoke. I can help you find him. What's your name?" He removed his hand from her shoulder to see if she could stand on her own. Bella wobbled twice, but regained her balance very quickly. "Bella," she hiccuped again. "I'm Bella, I play in that band." The young man smiled and motioned toward the bar door, hoping she'd follow. "I noticed. My sister dragged me out this evening, but I'm quite thrilled she did. She loves your band." Bella attempted a few clumsy steps, her bare knees colliding with the pavement seconds later. She felt the skin there split open on the gravel. "Do you need to sit down for a minute? Should I be locating someone?" he asked, awkwardly fidgeting with his gloves. "No, no. I'm so sorry. I never get like this." She felt a familiar tickle in her sinuses and inwardly groaned. The kind of tickle that usually resulted in tremendous, unrelenting bloodshed. She raised a trembling hand to her nostril and quickly pulled it away. A single drop of blood had transferred to her index finger. She raised her bloody hand to the man, wordlessly explaining her predicament; hoping he'd have a handkerchief or at the very least, a bandana. Bella's gesture was childlike, her eyes wide and clearly terrified that her life had spiraled so low, but mostly embarrassed that this altruistic stranger was privy to a drug fueled episode. Was she dying? Alone in an alley with a genuine Greek god of a man? It dawned on her that this man was more than likely another figment of her coked out subconscious, just like Jacob had been minutes ago. "Bella you-" he started to say. His eyes turned pitch black, a feral edge hijacking his once soft features. She blinked rapidly, trying to understand what sort of parlor trick would account for the disappearance of his pupils. She heard an animalistic growl building in his chest. Why would her brain portray this weird delusion? To scare her off the white stuff for good? Paranoia and strangely specific hallucinations of her imminent death would certainly do the trick. Her heart rate doubled, no tripled, involuntary screams bubbled in her throat when the rabid stranger took a step closer. Danger was near, goosebumps appeared across her flesh. "Forgive me." His eyes were tender; however, not matching the ravenous look marring his beautiful face. She stared into the abyss that his pupils had become. For hours or seconds, she wasn't sure. When his gaze became too much, Bella's closed her eyes, preparing for an aneurysm or heart attack. Whatever was forcing her to trip was obviously biological in nature. A lack of oxygen to the brain, DMT, whatever happened before death. She prayed it would all be over soon. She squeezed her eyes shut once more, but instead of her head hitting the ground as she'd suspected and braced for, something cold and sharp and seriously painful sliced through the soft skin of her neck. Within seconds a slow burning sensation spread throughout her chest, fading out to her fingertips. Her screams became audible, piercing the stillness of the late hour. An hour prior she had begun the first song of the most fruitful musical tour of the last five years. Fast forward to now and she was beginning what were surely the last moments of her shitty life. Poor Isabella Swan, left to die alone with her psychosis & drug addiction in an alleyway. Age 23. Eric & Mike would mourn her the longest, but she could see them moving on with their lives seamlessly, the way they'd always envisioned. Mike would probably have a beautiful blonde haired, blue eyed baby with Jessica, a commitment that would fill the gap the band would leave behind. Eric would most likely propose to Angela within a few months of Bella's death, free to do as he wished without the band to consider. Bella, who poured one hundred percent of her heart and soul into Paper Dolls had always been the one to pull the boys together for band related endeavors. She knew they were committed, enough to follow her to California and back again when her life proved too chaotic and unstable to function away from the only home she'd flourished in. She knew Mike and Eric had more than earned their right to personal lives. Homemaker Jessica, deserved the white wedding of her dreams. Angela; her sweet, sweet ex-roommate deserved a present boyfriend, not a series of heart emoticons and a dim phone screen as an unsatisfactory replacement. Everything seemed to click into place as this beautiful delusion sucked the life from her body. She no longer hated Jacob, nor longed for his presence. She pitied his shallow, near sighted way of life. She pitied his inability to care for someone who thought the world of him, she hated his tendency to use and abuse every substance in sight. She maybe resented him for formally introducing her to Los Angeles's dangerously drugged out garage rock scene a year ago, but even that was water under the bridge. Bella understood she'd rightfully earned her place on death row and now Mike and Eric and Jacob would all be able to move on absolutely scot free. Her screams quieted as two chocolate brown eyes rolled back. Her limp body hit the gravel once more just as the venue door swung open.