"Emmett had to physically restrain you when you started to tear at yourself. You attempted to tear yourself apart after your assurance didn't work, Edward. Do you remember that?" he asked me softly, tilting his head to the side a bit. Brief moments of pain on my sides and arms came to mind. "I tried to kill myself...?" I asked myself quietly, suddenly remembering why Carlisle asked me how long I had felt suicidal. "Your suicidal tendencies don't come from leaving Bella, or even having a half-life, Edward. Your pain is from James, and the memories you refuse to remember." Carlisle told me, standing away from us as if Jasper was the leader of the coven. "25 years ago, you remembered a piece; You remembered watching Bella be raped, and you blamed Alice for the false vision. You tried to attack her and blame her for the memory, and Jasper and Emmett had to hold you back so you wouldn't hurt her." "I would never hurt Alice. I love her..." I denied that quickly, shaking my head as I still held it, curled up into a ball on the filthy floor of the bloody-snow covered forest. "We know, but you'd do anything to not remember; even try and harm your sister." Jasper murmured to me. I stopped fully. I would hurt Alice? Sweet little Alice? That ball of sunshine and pixie dust I called a true sister? "I tried to hurt Alice..." It was a statement, not a question. "She forgives you, Edward. Now the question stands," Jasper set a hand on mine, both were still attached to my head to fend off the viso – memories. "Will you forgive yourself? Not just for Alice...but for Bella?" *Two years past* I walked hand in hand with Alice into the grave yard that was covered in a blanket of footprint covered snow. The tombstones of loved ones had fresh flowers on them; the tombs themselves were brushed off of snow, and were each given a small wreath of Christmas decorated spirits of the towns people in remembrance. Two years past filled with Alice and I becoming closer than ever; apologies didn't seem to be enough to make up for attempting to hurt her. I couldn't understand why she didn't blame for it, but I was still thankful she didn't. Carlisle and I had talked night and day over the three days 49 years ago; it didn't seem to make me feel better talking about it like I was told it did. It only made it worse due to having to relive it all. It was a beginning healing process, and it hurt, but now I can talk about it without waning to rip my head off to fend off the memories that weren't visions. Jasper had helped me more than enough times during those sessions, and Emmett was one heck of a strong vampire. Eventually, it wasn't the end of the world. I missed my Bella everyday, I didn't see her in the house anymore; not since I and Carlisle were talking it through in more details. As saddened as I was for her leaving me: I still had her sweet memories. I didn't have to hallucinate her to remember her as Jasper said constantly. I just needed to think over her greatest moments. Alice led me to the fourteenth row, and the tenth column where a statue of an angel stood; the wings were opened wide and the arms were folded under the marble cheek as the angel smiled down on us. "We've taken care of her. We made sure she had a good resting place." Alice claimed softly, using her gloved hand to brush off the plaque that was turned upwards. 'Isabella Marie Swan. 1987-2005 Beloved daughter of Charles Swan and Renee Dwyer Beloved friend to every living soul Beloved girlfriend to Edward Cullen 1987 -2005 Rest in peace, my love' I had to fend off the venom pooling in my eyes. "You really outdid yourself again, Alice." I commented with a nod. It was all beautiful, even if Bella would think it was over-done. She smiled at me, "I couldn't let her just have a headstone and nothing else. She was too special for that." I nodded again. "She was." I agreed fully. I and Alice stayed there for a while, not really moving for talking, but just standing there. I was hesitant to leave Bella here all alone, and Alice sensed that. "She's not alone, Edward. Look," Alice pointed to another plaque. I narrowed my eyes at it. I wiped off the bits of snow to become very shocked. 'Elizabeth Ann Mason 1877-1918 Beloved wife to Patrick Mason Beloved mother of Edward Mason 1901-1918 This guardian angel protects all; enemy beware.' "You...put a plot for my mother next to Bella?" I was very surprised. "We didn't just put a plot, silly. We had to fill it as well." Alice informed me softly. I looked at her with complete shock. "You guys moved my mother to be with Bella?" She nodded. "And your father. He's right there." She pointed to a third plaque that belonged to my father who died before my mother and I did. "it didn't seem right to leave them all alone, so Carlisle had them moved here to be with Bella." I didn't know what to say, so I hugged Alice tightly to my useless jacket covered body. "Thank you for taking care of them, Alice." "It was for you, Edward. You would have done the same for me if it was Jazz or I in your shoes." "You're the greatest sister I could ever ask for." I kissed the top of her head. "You're the best brother I would ever want, too, Edward." Sergeant KittyCullens stories are all on my page now! This is one of hers :) Hope you enjoy her story. No new ones have popped up yet, so al of these are the ones that are on her page already.