was trying not to smile. "Um… hi," he said, like he was confused. "Hi," I said again. He was looking at me expectantly, and I realized I was supposed to be making a fool of myself. "So, I hear your name is Ryan. Nice to meet you." I held out my hand for him to shake. He looked down at me like I was crazy. "Um, my name is Edward, actually," he corrected. He was so much more composed than I was. I heard snickering from the table behind me, and I shot Brienna a glance. She mouthed the words, 'oops, sorry,' and put on an apologetic face that was almost a little believable. I turned back to Edward. "Oh. Okay. Sorry." I looked at my feet, pretending to be embarrassed. "Yeah, no problem," he said dismissively. He made like he was going to leave again, and I tried to remember what sport he was supposed to have played. I finally understood how actors could forget their lines so thoroughly once they got on stage. This was hard! I gave up on trying to remember the sport and tried to think of something quick to say to keep him from walking away. "I'm Bella!" I blurted out, too rushed and too excited. Thank God I was already dating Edward, or he'd write me off as some infatuated idiot and never speak to me. "Hello, Bella. Well, it was nice to meet you," he said in the way people say goodbye. Soccer! Soccer was the sport. I grabbed his arm again before he could leave and said, "So you play soccer, right?" "Well, um, no. I don't," he said. Okay, two out of three things I was supposed to get wrong, excluding Alice's name, but I thought I could get away with that because I wasn't really talking to Alice (who was pretending to read the P.F. Chang's fast food menu and not care about our interaction) and I could easily be assuming that if Ryan's name was wrong then May's name would be wrong too. And what was the third thing… "Oh! Books! You like books, right?" I felt bad. I wasn't doing Edward any favors in the acting department and he was really carrying this charade along. "Yeah, I guess. Where are you going with this?" he asked. Where was I going with this? I hadn't actually thought this joke through very much. Step 1: Pretend to fall for it and look like an idiot. Step 3: Make Brienna and her friends feel like idiots. Somehow, I'd missed Step 2… Suddenly, and idea came to me. "Well Edward," I said, trying to turn on the charm. I tried to lean against the table behind me seductively, but it was further than I thought and I stumbled a step back before bumping into it. The girls laughed, and Edward was trying very hard not to and I could feel a blush coming on, so I tried to pretend it didn't happen and get back to flirting. "I think you're, um, handsome, and stuff." Now Edward was really fighting to keep back the laughter. "Oh yeah?" he asked. "Yeah," I said. The entire table behind me was choked sounds and sputtered laughs. If there was ever a time to smack this all back in their faces, it was now. "How about you kiss me?" I asked. I actually heard Brienna laugh out loud for a quick second before she caught herself. Edward half-smiled at me, he'd been waiting for the punch line. He grabbed me by the shoulders, whipped me around so that the whole table could see us from the side, and very forcefully kissed me. He wrapped his arms around me and pulled me to him and absolutely devoured my mouth or at least ten seconds before letting me go. He was smiling and I was dizzy, but I looked back over to the table and every single girl was staring, jaw dropped. Alice was laughing quietly behind us. The one nice girl at the table, the dark-haired one who smiled at me earlier, was the first to regain herself, and she smiled and gave me a thumbs-up under the table. Edward broke the silence. He was still smiling at me, and he said, "Well, that was fun." I smiled back up at him. "Right?" I agreed. "What?" Mila finally choked out. "What just happened?" "I like books, too!" Sophie said. Edward and I laughed, and Alice joined us, turning her attention back from where she had pretended to be looking. "I'd like you all to meet Edward." I laced my fingers into his. "My boyfriend." One of the other girls muttered, "No fucking way." Edward smiled at me and tugged on our hands. "Do you want a ride home? Alice and I were just leaving. Maybe you could come over to my place for a while." "Sure," I said, smiling up at him. I grabbed my Barnes and Noble bag off the bench next to Brienna and said, "Tell Jess and Lauren I got a ride home and I'll see them on Monday, will you?" Still somewhat in shock, and red in the face, Brienna said, "Uh, sure, I guess." We started to walk away from them, and Alice said low enough that they couldn't hear, "If you really want to shock them, we should invite them all to the parking lot to watch you drive off in a Porsche!" and we all laughed. I wondered if they were trying to figure out what we had whispered about them to make us laugh while we're walking away. So that's that. Feel free to review if you want to, especially if you see any spelling/grammar issues! I didn't actually proofread this because it's 4am where I am right now and I just wanted to get it done and posted. Maybe I'll try to proofread it later– Sorry, my fellow grammar-nazis! I've let you down! Anyway, thanks for reading! ~Covee