sure. They'll kill me for this because they know I could run to my father at any time, but I'm a girl that loves to live. I can't risk being dead. And listen to me, Edward. I don't hate what you do. I hate what it makes you feel and I hate that you're stuck and don't want to be. I hate it so much, it's made me cold. Colder than you. Cold enough to do this." "You're a fucking lunatic." "Yes. Don't you find it wild?" she asked, lifting her skirt slowly, to show my gun strapped to her pale thigh. And there I was, unstrapped and half naked. I shook my head slowly, rolling my eyes at her. So fucking predictable. So cliché, my little grasshopper. My student became the teacher as she pointed it at me and I laughed at her. She smiled and shrugged; her soft doe-eyed gaze was begging me to concede and love her. That pretty pink skirt shivered and I knew she was shaking. "You wouldn't do it," I said. "You wouldn't make me." "I could just take the gun away from you," I said. "Probably. But people do insane things for love and Edward, I'm crazy for you. I'm answering your prayers and I'm granting your wishes here, so help me out a little," she said, the tip of her nose turned pink and her eyes watered. "Please." I did something I once swore I'd never do, I turned my back to someone I had no reason to trust. I felt her kiss on my shoulder blade at the same time the cool metal from the gun pressed into the back of my neck. It was, perhaps, the most liberating moment of my fucked life. It's extraordinary, how sometimes you gain so much the moment you give up control. "Okay," she whispered and she walked me up the stairs, weapon to my neck. Upstairs, that great old building was empty aside from all of our secrets, hanging around like oppressive fog. She leaned to grab my jacket from the post where I'd slung it on the way in the night before. Just then, Emmett appeared from around the corner, across the vast room. "Where the hell do you think you're going, Bella?" he asked, but his eyes were on mine. "I think it's clear I can't stay," she said. It was wistful and I do believe she was sad to leave him. "No, what's clear is you can't walk out of here knowing what you know, either," Emmett said. She moved the gun to the side of my neck so he could see it and let out a long, slow breath. "Jesus, Bella. Knock it off," he told her. "I'm taking him. If you follow us or come after us, ever, I'm going to call my father and tell them everything I know. And I love you and I don't want to do that. So please." Emmett gaped at her, his eyes wide before he slipped them back over to me. "What'd you want me to do?" he asked. "I don't make the decisions anymore. It's yours now," I told him, "Go through the desk. Do the thing, take my place—" "Fuck you," he said, but he didn't mean it. He meant " don't leave." "He doesn't have a choice," Bella said. "Neither do you." God. I was sorry. I was so sorry. But he could do it. They all could. They'd all be okay or they wouldn't. I'd never know either way, which was just as well because knowing might kill me. But staying would kill me, too, because not for a second did I doubt she'd actually shoot that gun. She hates what I cannot; she hates my sadness and hate kills. Ironically, her hate was going to save me from this caged and damned life. By that time the next day, we were far away from the A and free. I had no skill, no money, no direction. But I had hope and a wide open world full of possibilities, I had clean hands for the first time in so long and I had Bella. She's too reckless and I'm too cold, she dreams and I scheme. We're some kind of dark and destined, but it's love. Not the standard love, not the love we're taught is good. But then, how can anyone attempt to define love when it's so personal, when it's so dependent on the uniqueness of life and circumstance? It was fucked, it was the type of love others warn against and deny is love at all. It wasn't patient, it wasn't kind. It was selfish and it was possessive, but it was our own, and we'd never been the type to follow the rules. We don't fit on any list of healthy and functioning but I know this: When we stab each other through the heart and double cross, when we trap and tangle the other just to keep them near; just when you think ' My God, these are sordid, despicable people' , remember that there is nothing softer or more sensitive than those who love. There's nothing we won't do for love. While this may mean the actions of a monster it doesn't for a second make us evil; we're simply more desperate than the cowards who wouldn't go to such lengths for love. Our destruction caused along the way was simply the bloody means to the angel-soft end: Always love. Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by leaving a review. If you happen to know the author's identity or "think" you do, please do not hint to this in your review, as this can compromise the author's anonymity and lead to disqualification. Add us to author alert to be notified of new stories. Want more info? Find us on Twitter at CPSffContest or visit our Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Facebook page. Public voting: February 21 2016 to March 6 2016.