of the alleyway. "Are you okay?" I ask as I approach, unsure of what else to do as I take in the girl on the floor. She is curled in on herself, her legs bleached white in contrast to the gritty black ground and her silver dress torn up the side to the extent I can see a whisper of black lace at her hip and the edge of a birthmark at her thigh. At the sound of my voice, the girl whimpers again and wraps her arms around her narrow frame, defending herself from me. My heart twists in my chest, making my next comment come out without me actually deciding to say anything. "I'm not going to hurt you." The promise is delivered in a low voice accompanied by me squatting down to her level, placing a gentle hand at her cheek. I expect resistance, a cry, or just some kind of fight to get me off her but she just seems to deflate under my touch and she blinks up at me between damp lashes as her entire body trembles. I am reminded, hopelessly, of Rose and I in my car earlier and I find myself wishing for her ability to handle people right now because I want nothing more than to wrap this girl in my arms and make her feel better and take away her pain even if I don't know where this feeling has come from. Surprise curls around me as I look down at the figure in front of me with more focus and recognise her as the pretty, elfin girl from the party, the one who had unflinchingly met my gaze from across the room. She had been on the arm of the boy with the bronze hair and green eyes, I remember, the one who had been playing the piano at some point during the course of the long evening. More snapshots are returning now, the alcohol fading fast from my blood and so I can remember these two with more clarity, a little like I have seen them and not just an image. The boy had played well, I remember; his fingers had danced across the keys as he coaxed music from the instrument with so little effort and I had wondered where he had learnt and if it were possible to achieve that without spending every daylight moment hunched over the piano. Even then, as I remember him sitting before the instrument, I can remember this girl in the background, standing to his left with one hand resting lightly on his shoulder. Why had he suddenly left her, when he had kept her so close all evening? Why had he not protected her from the underworld of the city? The girl lets out another mumble, her eyes fluttering closed whilst one small hand presses to her ribs, and I find myself leaning in further to examine the damage. Her face has escaped untouched—if I hadn't seen her dramatic collapse, I would have never guessed there was something wrong from the way her china-doll face is still so delicately made up using pale pinks and shimmering hues of gold. Even her short hair is still artistically styled and her dusty lavender nail polish un-chipped. She seems so out of place in this alley, so perfectly formed with her expensive dress glowing dimly beneath the harsh artificial light from the bulb in the streetlamp and, as she regains some kind of awareness, I can practically feel the fear rolling off her in thicker waves than before. When her eyes open once more and she blinks up at me, I know that I can't leave her alone. I can't even walk her back to the hotel and drop her off because she's just held one hand out to me, grappling for my touch, and I have taken it, wrapping my rough palm around her smoother, undamaged one. I feel her relax at the warmth of me and I can see the relief play across her face; she's as easy to read as an open book. "You've kept me waiting a long time," she mutters in a voice that is as sweet and delicate as cherry blossom as I push myself to my feet and bend to lift her, my mind already made up to save her from whatever danger that lurks in the night. She moves slightly in the cradle of my arms, her head dipping so that she is pressed against my chest and, for the first time, I realise that the touch of someone else hasn't brought a wave of pain. For a moment I remain immobile with shock but then I look down at her, her coal black lashes brushing her high cheekbones as she closes her eyes against the world. I can't blame her for not wanting to see any more of this night and I know I need to get her out of here. "I'm sorry, Ma'am," I reply automatically in my gentlest tone, shifting her none-existent weight as I move purposefully towards the end of the alley and the road that will lead me home whilst I grapple desperately for something reassuring to say. "But I'm here now." "I know," comes her weak answer, her voice muffled by my dress shirt as she grips the lapels of my jacket with her free hand. She lifts her head just slightly, opening her eyes once again so that I am met with her wide eyed stare. "Thank you." She leans back into me, hopefully finding some kind of soothing rhythm to lull her into sleep from the steady gait of my steps. I speed up as my building comes into sight, the warmth beckoning me with the uncertainty of what to do next braided to it. The girl in my arms whimpers. Thank you for reading! I'd be ever so touched if you liked it enough to favourite/follow, but please leave me a review if you're going to!