California." Alec suggested. "Or come back here," Demetri suggested. "Felix has his orders." Anthendora saidasshe turned to me. "Anyhow, I knit you a new pair of socks, and I believe Aro and Sulpicia are waiting to take you to the airport. I suggest you get going." Anthendora tagged each of my suitcases. "Good luck with the humans." She thankissed my head. "Yeah, considering getting lucky with one of them is your main mission." Alec laughed again, Anthendora then slapped him on the back of the head. "This is serious! Now,be nice- allof you- andhelp Felix with his suitcases. I can see why you weren't chosen." Alec just kept chuckling to himself as they all grabbed suitcases and we went downstairs. On the way out, thenew secretary-Gina had had an untimely paper cut about five months back-gave me my plane ticket, my newly fakedpassport and a large brown envelope that appeared to be addressed to Carlisle. "He told me to make sure that goes in your suitcase." She explained as I took it. I didn't know her name, it didn't really matter. Anyway, I went down stairs where Sulpicia and Aro where both waiting for me. They dressed in their more...modern... clothes. I've seen Aro dress as a modern day human, but never Sulpicia. It was obvious Chelsea dressed her up. She had a bright orange tang top that was on backwards, a yellow jacket that looked like something from the seventies. Herlong, waist lengthhair was tucked inside the jacket, and a pair of white bell pants topped off the whole retro mess. Why she went to Chelsea was beyond me. Wouldn'tHeidihave been a better choice? No- Jane would be wouldn't want every male human in the next one-hundred Kilometer radius to be eyeing her up. A few others followed me into the streets- I suppose because of the oddity of someone leaving on such a mission. "Sulpicia," Marcus came out. "Can I have a word with Felix alone beforehe leaves?" Sulpicia nodded, andMarcus took me to the side. "Yes, Marcus?" I asked him. "Remember when the other hybrid came out to witness?" Marcus then asked me. "What did he say about the mothers of these beings?" "They die in child birth most of the time." I answered. "Yes…" He said slowly. "You might fall for a human, if you go searching for one." He explained, when I didn't seem to understand his point. "You mean fall in love with her?" I asked, wondering what would give him the idea that I would fall in love with a human. After all, I had so many immortal women adoring me. "Yes, and if she dies, you never get another one. You'realone from then on, which brings me to this task you have been given. You are to finda human, and create a child. Felix, only one mother has survived birthing these hybrids, andthat's not a good statistic. You don't have the control like the Cullens, what if you kill her? This is why Iinsisted you have a choice. No one should end up in my state. That is why that Irina girldeservedto die, she was too sweet to end up like me. You don't deserve to end up like me, which iswhy you should stay here." "What are you getting at?" I asked him. "This is your last chance. Do you want to risk falling in love with a human, and watch her die?" Marcus asked me. "If I were you, I would go up and unpack right now. But the choice is still yours." "Sulpicia," I stated slowly. "Sulpicia needs to learn that she can't have everything she wants." Marcus pointed out. "This is your life, and this task is crossing the line. I will talk to Aro. Shecan just create a newborn." "I'll be fine," I assured him. He gave me a doubtful look. "I am protective, that is what I brought with me. If I want to save the mother, I will find a way to do it." "Guess you'll learn from your own mistakes," Marcus sighed as Demetri came in. "We have a parade leading to Aro's car waiting to say good bye." Demetri said. "You better get going." "I guessI should." I said, leavingMarcus. "Don't get too attached to them- the humans or the vampires. Remember, you are Volturi." Demetri said strongly. "I will," I responded. "I had the sectary set up an email account," Demetri whispered. "Here it is," He gave me a piece of paper. "You have the top, and the entire Volturi have the bottom. Remember, you'll always be my best friend." "I will," I said as I gave him a hug. "Have fun with the humans?" Renata hugged meas Santiago let out a little chuckle. "What?" Renata asked. "I was going to say the same thing, I just need to add- don't come back until you do."Santiago answered. I couldn't help but let out a little laugh. Chelsea told me to be on my best behavior, Afton told me to make life interesting. They are both way too well behaved. It was only after about a thousand more goodbyes that I finally got to the car where Aro and Sulpicia waited for me. "Ready to go?" Aro asked. "Yes" Ianswered. "Aro, help him with the bags, he is doing this for you too." Sulpicia ordered, butI went ahead and placed my suitcases in the trunk of the car anyway. You do not make your creator carry your suitcases. We were silent the whole way to the airport. "You have the three am flight," Aro explained when we parked the car letting me out. "Most humans will sleep on the plane, sojust take a magazine and read it. If that gets boring, just act tired. Keep safe, and don't make a scene." "Goodbye, Felix, I'll miss you," Sulpicia said, softly. "Goodbye," I answered as Aro drove off. I took one last look at the starsof the Tuscan night sky, and went into the airport.