a smile at BJ who peeped from behind her small hands. "Come here, BJ, I want you meet someone very special." I held out my arms for her. BJ ran to me and I picked her up easily with my youthful body. "BJ, I want you to meet Edward." I looked at Edward, ready to make him faint. "Edward, meet BJ, your daughter." His eyes went wide as he darted them to me, BJ, and Carlisle. "My what?" he asked quickly. I just smirked. "When I jumped off the cliff, Edward? I was pregnant. Remember when we had made love the very first time?" I asked him slowly. He nodded, most likely remembering it like I did for the wonderful thing it had been. "Well, magic happened and then she was conceived. I wanted to tell you before you left me, but I wasn't given the chance. You never let me open my mouth, and when you left I was so depressed, I didn't even think of BJ inside me when I jumped from the cliff that day. I was dead for five minutes, like I said, but BJ started my heart again." "How?" Carlisle asked me, sounding amazed as he came closer to look at BJ who was investigating Edward and the doctor together. I shrugged. "I guess her magic. Her venom is what Sam thinks, since she has venom in her veins and no blood. She isn't venomous, but she woke me up and Sam found me. The story goes on, and when I was In La Push, before Victoria attacked, I had given birth to her, and made Seth swear to hide her and protect her. He did, and when he asked if she was alive and Brady said yes, he knew he followed through in my begging and he died more peacefully. He hid her...under my bed. She was silent the entire time as she watched Victoria kill Emily, me screaming, and Seth tackling her into defeat. She was found by Quil who went looking for her when Jake took me away to Jared's house to go through my change. Quil took care of her for me and after my change until I knew I was in control, and then he gave her back to me and Sam. I saw her throughout the two years I was away, but through video camera and pictures. I didn't want to hurt her, and Quil knew that, BJ here grew slow over the years, and I didn't miss much but her learning to wobble in air plane mode." Edward looked to BJ again after staring at me. "She's...mine?" "Yep. She looks a little like you. She has your cheeks and some red in her hair, but the rest is me. I win!" I sang happily. Edward chocked out a laugh, and I knew he wanted to hold her before he even asked. I handed him BJ silently, and he took her carefully. "What's her middle name?" He asked me in wonder, looking over our daughter like she was doing him with a smile. Her full name is Esabella Emily Swan. I didn't know if I could give her your guys' name, so I had to give her Charlie's." I told him, smiling as I moved a piece of BJ's hair out the way of her brown eyes. "Of course you can, Bella! She can carry our name!" Esme claimed quickly. I smiled. "I figured, along the way of growing up and thinking of ways to get you all here to punish your for leaving me without a goodbye, that I could just hyphenate her name; Swan-Cullen. I want a piece of Charlie in her." "This was punishment? Making us think you were old and dying?" Alice looked at me with a glare. I nodded. "I think you all learned something today." "Yeah. Don't fuck with an age-changing vampire named Bella." Emmett laughed loudly. I nodded. "Yep. Now give me a hug and stop glaring, Alice." I rolled my eyes. Alice engulfed me with her two strong small arms and I hugged her right back just as tight while Edward bonded with BJ and Carlisle and Esme joining him. "God I missed you, Alice!" I told her. "I missed you, too! Oh, Bella, I'm so sorry for leaving you and making you go through all that!" She sobbed lightly. "Don't think of it. It was a long time ago, and I'm starting to heal from Emily. Just know I'll make sure your good clothes burn for leaving me." I warned her and released her at last. She nodded quickly. "I'll light the match myself for doing that to you." She promised. "Good. Jacobi! Stop eavesdroppin' on your momma!" I called out with a glare to the closed door. "...yes, ma'am." "That'll change." Rosalie swore to me. "Can you train them to be good? Only Cathy and BJ are the good ones!" I begged her, needing my kids disciplined right away. She nodded. "Of course. Excuse me." She walked out of the room and a slap was heard. "OUCH! MOMMA!" Jacobi yelled for me. "next time don't eavesdrop on your mother and your ass won't be red." Rosalie informed him calmly as she walked back inside calmly. "My idle." Sam's voice trailed through the house such relief, and the laughter rose from this room and his room. I turned back to Edward who handed off BJ to Carlisle who wanted to meet his first grandchild in a sense, and BJ was lapping up the attention from her grandparent she never knew until now. "Bella, I'm so sorry. I deserved every bit of that act you put on." Edward shook his head in despair. "Shut up and kiss me." I ordered him softly. Edward complied easily, and our lips joined together for the fourth time in a real kiss. When we separated, Jasper had chuckled in high spirits and simply said, "then they lived happily ever after. The End." Another one-shot! Enjoy!