My god, you don't even know what you want." I groaned in frustration and turned to leave. I couldn't deal with this now, I had to think. Before I could fully open the door his hand slammed it shut and he spun me around. His mouth meeting mine in a hard, unforgiving kiss. " Your mine Bella, I can't fight it any longer." I kissed him back, putting all my anger into it. His arm comes around the small of my back, crushing me to his chest. I don't understand what changed. " Stop overthinking it, just feel." He pulls me to his desk. Both of our hands working on each others clothes. I had his shirt off and my blouse had been ripped open in his frustration. He sat down on his desk, pulling me to him. My hands worked his zipper down, pushing his pants to his knees. My skirt was hitched up to my waist, his hand pulling at my underwear, snapping my panties in half at the crotch. " Stop destroying my clothes," I mumbled between kisses. " Shut up, I will buy you new ones." He reaches down and pulls his wallet from his desk drawer, removing a condom and rolling it on. He grasped my legs, pulling them up around his waist, he leaned back so I was straddling his lap, leaning up on his elbows. " Put me inside Bella," I grabbed him, placing him at my entrance, "Lower yourself slowly, Miss Swan." My eyes flicked to his, his smile was wicked. " Yes, Mr. Cullen," my eyes close as I sink down onto him. " Ohhhhh," I groan, feeling each and every inch of him inside me, "So deep." I lower myself slowly, pausing a little halfway down. He lies back, his legs hanging over the edge and grabs my breast. His thumb circles my nipple and my legs begin to shake as I struggle to keep my position. "Come on Miss Swan, take all of me." He pinches my nipple making me moan. I lower myself all the way, my head falling back. One hand leaves my breast and slides up my body and onto my throat, his whole palm covering it. Grasping gently, he pulls me down, kissing my lips as my hands find his shoulders, giving me more leverage. " Now fuck me, Miss Swan." I kiss him back, pushing up with my knees a little before dropping back down. It was a lot clumsier than I planned, but it had been a while. I continued to move slowly at first, but soon got into a steady rhythm, he starts to rotate his hips in time with my movements. " Does it feel good, Miss Swan?" he groans, flexing his hips. " Yes," I pant, "so good." My legs and arms are visibly shaking now and I was finding it hard to keep the rhythm. Sensing my growing tiredness, he pulls himself up grasping my bottom, he plants his feet on the floor, his legs firmly apart and starts to move fully with me. My arms wrap around his neck as he takes complete control of my body, moving it as he wants. " So fucking good, never knew," He mumbles between kisses. " Oh, god," I feel the pleasure build as his hips loose rhythm, he's close. " Come, Bella," My breath stutters out, I need to come, so bad. " Now, Miss Swan. Come now," and that was all it took to bring us both over the edge. ~~CC~~ We lay in a sweaty heap on his bed, our breathing was the only sound in the room, I lay staring at the ceiling a huge smile on my face. "What are you thinking about?" I turned and looked into his beautiful green eyes. "How we met and last week when you finally pulled your head out of your ass." His laugh echoes through the room and he leans over to kiss my lips gently. "I will be sad to see you go to Accounting. I will miss seeing your gorgeous face in my office, but I guess I will have to make do with seeing you at lunch and after work." I smile, happy that a suitable replacement had been found. "Don't worry, there are still places we need to christen, I promise to bring you lunch whenever I can." I wink at him. "Mmmm… elevator sex." His smile is full of promise. "Yeah," I shiver at the thought of him pinning me to the wall of the elevator. "Let me take you to dinner." I look at him puzzled, he looked panicked. "I haven't even taken you on a date," he sat up looking at me wide-eyed. "We've been fucking for a week and we haven't had a date." I laugh, "You act like we've never been out together. We've been to lunch and dinner many times Edward." I lean up and kiss his lips. "Don't worry, I'm fine." "I'm not. I'm not fine Bella. We need to go on a date. I want you to get dressed up. I want you to feel special." "Okay, so what time are you picking me up?" I smiled at him and pulled the sheet down showing my breasts, "And you always make me feel special." My fingers plucked at my nipple. His eyes never left my hand, "Is seven good?" He gulped when I palmed them, his gaze completely focused on my movements. "Seven's good handsome." Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by leaving a review. If you happen to know the author's identity or "think" you do, please do not hint to this in your review, as this can compromise the author's anonymity and lead to disqualification. Add us to author alert to be notified of new stories. Want more info? Find us on Twitter at CPSffContest or visit our Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Facebook page. Public voting: February 21 2016 to March 6 2016.