other people and I've finally found someone I want, no need, to pursue. There are just too many things to like about her to ignore it, especially since she seems to be single – speaking of which, I had better clear that up. I have no idea how long ago she got cleaned out by the ex. She could have been with someone else since, someone who could be there tonight. I decide there's only one way to find out. The dinner is excellent and everyone is relaxed. We've all decided to give the party a go and I see a moment of vulnerability in Rosalie when she asks Emmett if he'll make sure he arrives with her so she doesn't have to go in alone. I never think of arriving at a party from the perspective of a beautiful woman when every schmuck in the room eyes her up, thinking he has a chance with her. It must be daunting. It's nice to see a different side of Rosalie, one where she has blood in her veins. Emmett doesn't hesitate either so he must have had some interaction with her that I didn't see because all I heard was a lot of snoring this afternoon. I offer to take everyone in my car. It's a squeeze but the party's not far. "No, I have to take my car," Bella answers, and I momentarily look at her, wondering why she's suddenly creating distance when the group thing was just starting to become friendly. She shrugs at me and says, "I don't have a bed here. They're not delivering it until Monday, so I'll probably stay at Heather's." It wouldn't be appropriate at this point to blurt out that she could stay with me so I look down at my empty plate and when I look up at her again, she's smiling at me, turning her head slightly. I smile back and start collecting plates. My brother turns out to be a genius. "Edward, you go with Bella. I'll take the two gorgeous blondes with me," he says wiggling his eyebrows. The two blondes in question start to giggle and both nod. That's twenty-fucking-million I owe you big brother. This is the point where things get awkward. The girls have a bathroom each and there's a spare in the hallway that Emmett's already parked himself in. I guess I'm expected to go with Tanya and get dressed, especially since my spare clothes are packed in one of the boxes in her bedroom. She's sensing the change as much as I am, like she doesn't want me to get too comfortable in the new place. She hands me a box with my name on it, half-full of my clothes, while she steps into her bathroom. It's like she's saying, "See ya later." That's how I take it anyway. I'm so ready to embrace the idea of a break. I grab a beer from the fridge and check the view from the front door when I hear the click of shoes on the tiles. I turn round to see Bella, coming up the hallway, ready to go. She's looks incredible in a sexy black dress that clings to every curve on her body. Her legs are long, shapely and fantastic, especially in heels. Her hair is down, smooth and glossy, the kind of hair you could lose yourself in. Her eyes are subtly smoky and her full lips greet me by turning up in a smile. I feel myself sigh. As if I'm not already blown away, she walks right up to me and kisses me on the cheek, thanking me for helping today. My hands touch her silky hair and suddenly I'm lost for words. What eventually spews out of my mouth is, "You look… beautiful, especially the backpack. Glad it's the same color as the dress." She looks down and then I hear that belly laugh again. I resist the urge to grab her and hug her. "It's my overnight bag. Are you looking for a bathroom? Mine's free." I thank her and take my box up to the end on the left. Thank God, it's not next to Tanya's room because I already want to keep my distance from her. I pull off my t-shirt and look around for something to use to shave with when I hear Bella's voice calling my name. For a moment she stands there like she's stunned, then she crouches on the floor at one of those huge suitcases, pulls out a towel and a large cosmetic bag, finds me a razor, stands and looks over my face. "You're going to shave aren't you?" she asks innocently. It comes out sounding more like a request than a question - it's a very personal thing to say to me if she's not interested. If I just read that right, she just told me she likes smooth shaven men and there's a good chance she'll let me get close enough for her to touch my face tonight. Then she smiles at me as if she's waiting for me to say something. I look down at the razor and realize she's still expecting an answer. Nervously, I chuckle and nod, then head for the bathroom and just as I go through the door I chance a last glimpse of her. She's leaning back, holding onto the door frame and when she realizes I've caught her, she raises a foot behind her, rolls her eyes and says, "Damn shoe." She gives me a slightly embarrassed smile before heading down the hallway and I'm sure I hear her whisper, "Fuck," through a big puff of air. I'm grinning as I close the door of the bathroom, ready to do the best damn shave job I can. ... A/N Maybe one or two more chapters, Heather, just so you know we didn't forget you. This fluff was beta'd by Edwards Beachlover who knocked it into shape at the very last minute.