her suitor mindlessly paid no attention to her at all. "Yes…perhaps a little tour would take some time off of my hands." And with that, she followed him back into the crafting room. In the corner there stood a hot coal furnace fueled by bellows. Jacob grinned and slipped on his gloves. She watched him with interest as he unbuttoned his tunic, a flash of copper skin lingering before her eyes. "Alright, milady. The real sweat comes when you ready yourself to work this metal," he pointed to the pot of ore in the other corner. "Into a blade. I have to shape and mix metals of different known qualities, some softer for the core of the sword or sides of the blade. You must do this carefully, for the forging of a blade can be sometimes quite tricky." He pulled out a sword that he'd been previously working on and showed it to her. "I must layer harder metal over the softer metal so that the blade can flex under any sudden impact, but still resist deformation." Jacob grabbed one of the metal hammers from the table and presented it to her before he laid the sword down on an anvil and pounded it down upon it. It was loud, and Isabella was unprepared for the shock of it all. She jumped a little. After shaping the sword a little more, Jacob transferred the sword back to the hot coal furnace. "I need the right color of heat to keep the metal at just the right malleability. I'd say a little bit of orange and lots of red is good." He removed the sword from the hot coal furnace. Isabella watched as he laid it back on the anvil and pounded it again with the hammer while it was red-hot. She could see that it was shaping well. He transported the sword from the anvil to the furnace, constantly re-heating and re-shaping. He wiped the sweat off of his forehead. "We're far from finished," he commented. "You've got to do some heat treatment to give the sword its strength and durability. Then there's the handle and what design you're going to give it…" "That is quite a lot of work," she replied with widened eyes. Jacob grinned and quenched the hot sword in a tub of water. She watched as it sizzled and smoke rose up from the air. "It's all worth it though," he told her, licking his lips. He was muscular and his body was attractive—she suspected that it was from hours of laboring on the block of hot metal. Overall, he was a beautiful man and she didn't feel shamed to say it. Edward was not very muscular due to his lack of manual labor. He ordered servants to do his work for him. For some reason she admired this man for that trait. "Isabella?" Lord Edward's voice could be heard from the other room. She picked up her skirts and followed the voice. She saw him waiting for her with the blacksmith. She joined him by his side and gave him a sweet smile. "Where were you?" Jacob waltzed out of the back room, wiping his dirty hands on a wet rag. "With me," he replied matter-of-factly. "I showed her how I made swords since she showed a particular interest in one that I made." "Jacob!" hissed Burl. "I told you before that the crafting room was private." Isabella shamefully lowered her eyes to the ground as Lord Edward grumbled next to her. She failed her father. She would never be married to Lord Edward now. "I thought I'd entertain her, since her suitor wasn't doing much for her." Jacob grinned in a cocky sort of way. He knew he was testing his limits, but he didn't care. He chuckled to himself, reminiscing about the time where he spit on a noble's shoes. When Edward's face flamed bright red, Isabella felt like she was going to faint. Who was this lowly blacksmith to try and come to blows with a noble? Though what he says is exact, it is discourteous nonetheless. Bella thought to herself. Edward turned on his heel and dragged Isabella along with him. "You shouldn't have gone with him," he hissed to her on the way out the door. In the background she heard Burl scolding his son. "Did you not think, or are you merely a fool? He could have killed you!" 0o0o0o0o "You silly little girl," Renee's face turned bright red. "Why would you go into a crafting room alone with the son of a blacksmith? How improper!" "I was not thinking," Isabella replied, tears sparkling at her eyes. "The scandal, Isabella. Edward would have been the perfect husband for you to have, but you have now ruined it by toying with a commoner!" Renee stormed around the room. "All he did was show me how to create a sword," she protested. "It was nothing scandalous at all!" "I do not know if you are telling the truth. He does not know!" Renee gripped her child's shoulders. "And the rudeness, and the bluntness that man showed Lord Edward was simply ridiculous. What will your father say?" "Mother please," Isabella quietly sobbed. "I will try again, I promise!" "Hold your tears, daughter." Renee approached her youngest daughter and wrapped her in her arms. "You will try again later. And let us pray to God that Lord Edward shall take you to be his wife." Though her mother's concern was on Lord Edward, Isabella's mind was elsewhere. Jacob. He was so kind to her…but she had to push these feelings away. They weren't right. 0o0o0o0o Thanks for reading! I am pretty unsure about this story, so if you want me to continue I'll need some encouragement. I have many more tricks up my sleeves (we haven't even gotten to the good part yet), so please review and tell me if you'd be interested in reading more of this. Hugs and Smooches Courtney