to dump his trash. He comes back and says, "You took some great photos, Bella." "Yeah," I agree, tidying up the half eaten food on my tray. "We did take so many great photos, and you two were a big help." Out of the hundreds of images, my favorite is still Edward kissing me with the Missouri River in the background. No one else will ever see it, but I'll have it forever. I stand with my tray and announce I want to drive. After they look at each other, they agree without protest. At least it will take my mind of that beautiful, exasperating man. It's not until I clear customs at Cancun Airport that I finally relax. When they pulled me aside to search my bag, I was sure they were going to find something. I imagined it was just his style to let me get this far and then have me detained. Now I'm on the shuttle to Tulum, I can read the brochures I picked up at the airport. They show a paradise, every bit as good as the one I researched. I'm staying right on the beach, in the best bungalow, at the place with the best restaurant. Jake said I was crazy when I proposed this second anniversary vacation, and now with the weight of Edward's threat lifted, I can savor the power of making my own choices and answering to no one. It's still a shame that Angela couldn't come in his place when the room was paid for, but I will eat glorious seafood, swim and walk on the powder white sand, when and if I feel like it. Then there are the caves, the cenotes or sinkholes made from limestone, with their eroded ceilings that allow the sky and the jungle in. The fresh water is supposed to be incredibly clear and I am going to learn to snorkel. I may even do a scuba dive course and take a cruise on a boat. Ten days to do whatever I want! The Mayan ruins overlooking the beach are just a bonus. That's where it looks like someone poured milk into the blue ocean, and it's only ten minutes from my hotel. After an hour and a half, we drive into Tulum's town center, and my eyes feast on the colors of the stalls and souvenir shops in the street. Just being able to wander and browse at my own pace will be fantastic. Jake would have hindered that indulgence, wanting to find the bar and stay there. No, he and I would have hated taking vacations together. He never had an ounce of Edward's spontaneity. It's funny now I'm here that I can look back fondly on the day of the harvest, and those days afterwards, when I thought every phone message, every email was going to spell a cancellation, some reason preventing me from leaving. Edward never followed through on the threat. In fact, he has been completely silent, so it must have taken our separation for him to accept, like I did, that we had no future. The shuttle drops me off right outside and I'm grinning from ear to ear as I look around the high thatched ceilings. I can see the restaurant on the beach and smell fragrant barbeque. I want to jump up and down and announce my freedom, my escape from a marriage that would have stifled me. A man carries my bag not far to the most enchanting room, complete with huge bed and mosquito net. The beach is right in front of me and there are two big timber chairs on a deeply shaded patio where I will relax and enjoy this view of the sea. I slip out of my sandals, longing for the feel of that white sand on my feet, and I notice someone floating on their back in the ocean. The sight feeds right into my soul. I should get my camera to record this. I'll pin the picture up on my board and call it happiness or some other word that's going to become part of me while I'm here. Whoever is floating out there decides it's time to come in. It's a man, slim and athletic, who makes a striking silhouette against the sparkling ocean. Maybe he's here for his sanity. He could even be single and rich. I watch him pick up his towel, and glance at me before walking further up the sand. Taking a few more steps toward the water, I want to see how far he goes, but he's already disappeared into one of these tiny hotels, where the roofs of bungalows are the only thing seen above the vegetation. One of the reasons I chose Tulum was because there are no high-rise hotels here to ruin the natural beauty of the beach. Sighing, I turn around and it feels like the wind is knocked out of me. The man standing on my patio is wearing board shorts and nothing else. By nothing else I mean no shoes, no shirt and I can tell he's wearing nothing underneath. Edward smiles when he sees me checking him out. "I said you weren't coming here on your own," he says as I walk up to him. He's so cocky he pulled off the surprise that I grin right back at him. I can't be angry or annoyed, because he's here, sharing this with me. And he's the one begging for more this time. Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by leaving a review. If you happen to know the author's identity or "think" you do, please do not hint to this in your review, as this can compromise the author's anonymity and lead to disqualification. Add us to author alert to be notified of new stories. Want more info? Find us on Twitter at CPSffContest or visit our Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Facebook page. Public voting: February 21 2016 to March 6 2016.