Bella had already impaled herself on his oh so willing cock, and all thoughts left him. All he could feel was the heat and impending explosion between his thighs. There was only a moment's resistance, a slight wince from her, and then she was moving under him in mind bending ways. He knew he wouldn't last long so he made the best of it, pounding into her, trying to hit her sweet spot, trying to overwhelm her with the sheer force of his desire. He held her hands in his, her gaze in his, trying to communicate what this meant to him. She gave as good as she got, clawing and panting and bucking against him, her eyes flashing with wicked lust and maybe something more. Finally, it was too much and he felt all of his muscles lock as white light exploded behind his eyes. "God, I love you..." he moaned out, not even aware of the words. He might have been embarrassed by the cliché of choosing that particular time to share his feelings, but they weren't just a lust induced lie. They were the gods' honest truth. Bella pushed to roll them again, so that she was on top. Edward was vaguely aware, through the hormone haze numbing his brain, that she had not cum. He planned to make it up to her as soon as his body changed from jello back to solid again. It turned out he didn't need to worry, though. Bella was riding his semi hard erection, keeping him going, twisting and slipping on him, her tight peaked nipples burning trails across his chest. Nothing like a woman who could take care of herself, he thought with a grin, stroking her back and ass and trying not to interfere with her rhythm. He could tell when she hit it, when she started to clench around him. It was enough to make him fully hard again and he grabbed her tightly, forcing himself as deep as he could go into her core. His mouth locked to hers, absorbing her cries. The tremors shook through her and pushed him over, unbelievably, into what might have been a second orgasm if only his body had not already been spent. "Oh, my god," Edward gasped, sure that no feeling on earth would ever come close to this again. "Mmm, Edward," she said, snuggling into him. She mumbled something sleepily, and he wasn't sure if it was a "Thank you," or maybe possibly even a "Love you." He'd take what he could get. He clamped Bella tightly to his chest, still joined, flipping the blanket over them. He wouldn't let them fall asleep, they had to return to the real world soon. But for a few more precious moments, they could pretend. He could pretend. *.*.*.*.* "Ah, so you're back," Edward said, trying to hide his disappointment to see that Jessica had reclaimed her costume. He knew it was inevitable, but he ached for the fantasy anyway. For an hour or so, he had felt the world turn upside down, and the imaginary had been more real than the truth. "Did you miss me, babe?" she asked, with a seductive flutter of her eyelashes. She leaned in for a kiss, he gave her a light peck and pulled away. "Oh, dreadfully," he said wryly, even as his heart shattered in his chest. Marie Antoinette was watching him from across the room, looking as if she waited in line for the attention of Madame Guillotine. He knew in that moment that he needed Bella, couldn't live without her. He was going to have to break up with Jessica and destroy the best friendship he had ever had. Mike would never speak to him again, would probably beat the living shit out of him. Edward knew if positions were reversed, he would probably kill the fucker who tried to take Bella from him. Edward would endure whatever punishment Mike dished out and consider it just. It would be worth it if he had Bella by his side. His ears rang and he was dizzy with the decision, but he knew it was the only one he could live with. Jessica's arm was around him and she whispered in his ear. "I knew it wouldn't fool you for a second." Her proximity made his stomach heave and he wanted to throw up all of the poison of this situation, but he swallowed the bile down and smiled at her instead. Time enough for D-Day tomorrow. The appropriateness of her costume made him want to laugh. She had always been poison to his soul, and it was only now that he realized it. She would become his enemy — she would try to either destroy him or make him crawl back, probably both. "Don't tell me Mike bought into the disguise." "Totally," she chuckled. "Though I think he was surprised that Bella was using a little more tongue than usual." "You are a sick woman, Jessica Stanley." Bella would lose her best friend, too, he realized. And Jessica Stanley was not a good enemy to have. He could handle it, but would Bella? Would it destroy her to have her best friend turn on her? He almost wavered in his decision, but then he looked up and caught Bella's eye. He had gotten too deep inside her and there was no way to separate them now. He nodded at her and he was sure she understood. They would face the apocalypse together and walk hand in hand through the fire as the world burned down around them. Tomorrow. Oh, what the hell? No time like the present. "Let's get out of here, Jessica. I need to talk to you about something." As he and Jessica left, he resisted the urge to look over his shoulder at Bella. He wouldn't make Orpheus' mistake. He'd trust her to follow him out of the underworld. They'd walk in the sunlight together in the new day.