myself wanting to pull her into my arms and keeping her there; whispering promises in her ear that everything will be ok. I think better of myself and take a step back – giving Bella a little space. She just stands there looking past me and staring at the door. "Bella! Did you hear me?" She shows no indication that she's heard me and I'm about to lose my fucking patience with this shit. I want some fucking answers and I want them now. I'm pissed but I'm able to resist the urge I have to fucking shake the answers out of her. Dazed, she walks past me and reaches out to lock the door. Turning away from the window she rests her back against the door, and sinks to the floor with her face buried in her hands. Her whole body shakes with the violent sobs erupting from her chest. I'm tempted to get Jake's ass in here. Let him deal with the fucking tears while I keep the car running. He has two fucking sisters – so he's got to be used to this crying bull shit. I'm really fucking clueless when it comes to this emotional bull shit. I'm grasping at fucking straws when I kneel next to her and begin rubbing circles on her back. I lean in to her ear and whisper, "Bella, its ok now. I'm here." I try to get her off the fucking floor by guiding her elbow. "Come on. Up." She pulls her arm out of my grip, and wraps her arms around her knees. She brings her head down, her hair falling forward and covering her face. "Bella, I need to know what the fuck happened. I can't help if you won't talk to me. Come on, I need you to get up for me." She visibly flinches at the sharpness in my tone but slowly, she gets up on her knees and reaches up, wrapping her arms around my neck and hiding her tear stained face in my shoulder. Instinctively I wrap my arms around her small waist and I have no choice but to hold her trembling form to me. I pull her closer and lean in burying my face in her hair. And Jesus fuck if she doesn't smell like honeyed vanilla. I hold back a groan and remind myself that now is not the time. She still hasn't said shit. I have no idea how badly she's hurt or if she needs a fucking doctor. I tried to pull back to further assess her injuries but she fists my shirt refusing the separation. Gently I try to loosen the death grip she has on my shirt and soften my voice to give her some assurance. "It's ok. I'm not going anywhere, Bella." Kneeling here on the hardwood floors is uncomfortable as fuck. Slowly I shift to sit on the ground, and easily pull her limp body onto my lap. Seriously I'm at a loss with this crying shit. I try to be soothing and offer some comfort so I continue rubbing circles on her back. I have no idea if it's helping. It's just something I remember my mom doing for me when I was little and had a bad dream. It always seemed to work – so fuck maybe it'll help Bella too. I don't know – but it's all I got. I tuck a piece of her hair behind her ear and trace the outline of the darkening bruise with my thumb. The sight of that fucking bruise makes me want to punch something. I can feel my grip on Bella tighten. Breathing deeply for my own fucking sanity, I close my eyes to block out the sight of the offending bruises. I can't fucking look at that shit anymore. Yet, there really is no escape as my mind races with the possibilities I don't want to be fucking true. I need to distract myself so I try focusing on the small circles I continue to rub on Bella's back and I briefly wonder if I'm calming her or myself with this shit. I turn my head to Bella and whisper. "Shh, it's ok. I'm here, baby. I'm here." Then pulling Bella a little closer, I close my eyes and rest my head back against the locked door cuz there isn't anything more to do. I can't force her to fucking talk. It would just scare her more than she already is. She'll talk when she's ready. And I can respect that. I didn't fucking like it – but I could respect it. So for now I'll just let her cry and get it all out. Well – In a quiet little neighborhood on the north side of Chicago The Dolce Casa Café really does exist and they really do have fuck-awesome coffee – sadly no Edward though This is how I like Edward best – rough, wild and breaking all the rules….YuMmY! Ready for your Italian-Slang lesson of the day? Never say you didn't learn something today! Jamook – idiot; looser; lamebrained Fanook - derogatory for homosexual Mezza fanook – derogatory for half of a homosexual Top earner – one who generates a large income for the mafia family Empty suit - someone with nothing to offer that hangs around with mobsters Fanabala – Go to hell Strunz – piece of shit Eat alone – to keep for one's self; be greedy Put to sleep with a serious headache – murder Give everyone a taste – give a percentage of the take Pay our respects – give a percentage of the take Gavone – someone who eats a lot Cacasenno – know it all; smart ass Marron – refers to the mother of Christ Keeping the house clean – covering your tracks Puttanas – whores Goomah – mafia mistress Swag – stolen goods … .I think that pretty much covers it for this chappy…if I left something out just shoot me a line.