Jasper asked in sympathy. It wasn't so different from his own emotions of being ousted of role playing that everyone knew now. Carlisle cleared his throat as his wife ripped the paper up after she read it and was horrified now. "Bella has discovered my and Esme's intimacy drawer." Carlisle admitted. "You poor thing." Alice pitied her mother who sat next to her in embarrassment and wondered how Bella knew of all this. "She has dirt on all of us but Edward and Rosalie. It's up to you two or I must break the door and sedate her quicker than I anticipated." Carlisle cleared his throat. Edward and Rosalie shrugged before Rosalie walked over to the closet and sat on her knees before writing something down. She slid it under the door for Bella and waited for ten seconds. Edward hummed curiously. "Perhaps she's reliving a bad memory?" He asked Rosalie who nodded. "I have this." She grinned in victory and wrote something down and slid it under. "What?" Emmett asked her. "Why is she not embarrassing you guys?" He asked with a huff. Edward rolled his eyes. "Bella literally won't mess with Rosalie from all the dirt Rose knows on her and reversed. They have a truce between each other and won't dare break it." Edward grinned as the pad came back. "She's unlocking the door. Be prepared for flight." Rosalie muttered to Carlisle who stood in her path out of sight like Edward did. The family was already out of line of her flight. The door made snick and two brown eyes peered out cautiously. "Come on out, Bella." Edward encouraged. "It's just the family. The paper has been shredded, and nothing else remains." He promised. Bella poked her head out completely to look at him. "Where is it?" She whispered. "Not here." Edward promised and took her hand to get her out of the closet and close the door and stand in front of it. "You never told me you had a deathly fear, love." "It's irrational, but I can't get it out of my head." Bella whispered. "It's not irrational, Bella. This can be treated with therapy and no letters from your mother." Carlisle soothed the flighty look in her eyes. "My mother sent that?" Bella whispered. "Yes." Edward nodded softly. Bella sighed in defeat. "She got me again." Bella calmed herself completely. Charlie sighed as he came over. "Bella, don't open anything else from your mother at all. I'm taking Billy and Jake home." He walked off. Billy glared at her as he wheeled by with Jacob who was officially happy again as he easily lifted his father's chair down the steps. "I feel stupid." Bella muttered sadly. Alice quickly forgave her in that moment of seeing that shame in poor Bella's eyes for her fear. "Oh no! Don't feel stupid. We all have fears!" She reassured. "Yes, like the denim wrangler." Jasper broke out laughing and received slap from Emmett who easily forgave Bella as well. "The what?" Bella asked curiously and in a lost fashion. "Your little note of my secret, Bella. He got a hold of it." Emmett muttered. Bella froze. "What note?" She whispered, looking ready to flee again. Edward frowned. "The note you gave us, love. We've been passing notes for a good twenty minutes now." Bella lost color. "Bella, do you remember?" Carlisle asked worriedly. Bella swallowed. "I didn't send you guys notes." She whispered in fear, her small voice cracking a bit. "Yes, Bella, you did." Esme told her, instantly worried for the lack of color in Bella's face. Bella shook her head. "I didn't send the notes. I pushed them away from me and into the other corner." She whispered, looking ready to cry. Carlisle opened the closet quickly. The pile of notes was there. "Is this a joke?" Bella swallowed back her oncoming tears. "This is a terrible joke." She pleaded. Emmett laughed shortly. "We're moving." He declared firmly to them all. Bella looked so ready to cry as Edward closed the closet door and received nails from somewhere and nailed it shut with speed. "You guys are just…trying to cheer me up right? It's a joke?" Bella whispered to Edward who dropped the hammer. "Bella, I love you with all my heart. Let's got to Alaska for a little while alright? We'll go see Eleazar." Edward soothed. Bella nodded and walked with him to the garage, but stopping when a shift was heard. Every eye, human and vampire, shifted to the floor where a note was. Bella let out a few fearful tears as Carlisle picked it up and read it before frowning. "What is it?" Rosalie dared asking, looking a lot like Bella and ready to leave without any possessions. Carlisle showed the note to them all. " It was fun seeing you, Bella." Bella screamed and ran off into the garage to hide, her fear now replaced with ghosts and hauntings. Edward took the note in horror and fear. "Who is this?" Edward dared asking Carlisle. Another note came. Jasper took it this time but moved away from the nailed shut door. Jasper showed the note, looking quite white for a vampire. " Bip." Emmett laughed shortly again. "To Alaska!" He laughed hysterically and sped off to find Bella and flee with her to safety in the jeep. Alice looked horrified. "Wait a minute. This is red pen." She swallowed. "Stop worrying about the pen color!" Rosalie hissed in fear. "We have a…thing after Bella and her sanity!" Alice shook her head. "There's only one red pen in this house." She implored. "What about it?" Edward dared to ask. Alice held up a red pen, making them all widen their eyes and go white; whiter than they were already. "I have the red pen." She whispered. Silence. "To Italy!" Rosalie laughed hysterically and sped away as well to get Bella into the jeep and leave this house. First of the series! Enjoy it!