looked at Jasper and he had the decency to look ashamed. He should be! I thought testily to myself. I turned to face Emmet and Rosalie. " Emmet, you were like my big brother. Weren't you meant to protect my by staying by me? I actually thought you cared about me but I guess you didn't care enough, seeing as you left as well. What sort of big brother are you? And Rosalie, I'm actually the least mad at you because you never pretended to care about me anyway. You never liked me, so why should be angry at someone who's been truthful to me since the beginning." By the end of this speech Emmet looked remorseful and shamed. Rosalie's face displayed an emotion that I didn't understand so I didn't think too much of it. "I'm sorry, Bells, I really am," said Emmet, sounding close to tears. I nodded my acknowledgement but otherwise said nothing. I then turned to Carlisle and Esme. Carlisle had his arm around Esme, who looked as if she didn't want to hear what I wanted to say. I scoffed in my head at the sight. "I thought of you guys as my parents. Esme, you were so motherly and loving and I would've thought you of all people would stand by me. But you didn't. You abandoned me just like they did. What kind of mother abondones her child? And Carlisle. The father of the family, the one who always listens to reason, the head of this family. How could you have agreed to leaving me? I thought you had more sense than that, I really did. I honestly don't know how I could've thought of you guys as my parents," Esme was dry sobbing onto Carlisle shoulder and clutching his chest. I would be lying if I said that the sight of Esme crying didn't hurt me; because it did. Carlisle looked sorrowful and deep in thought. As if he was contemplating what I said. " And last but not least Alice and Edward. The main offenders," my tone turning cynical and mocking," I'll start with you Alice, seeing as this little rendezvous was probably all your idea. I thought of you as my sister AND my best friend. My equal in every way. But you, being the controlling pixy you are, decided to make decision about how MY life should turn out. As if I was some sort of baby that didn't know how to make decisions for myself. You left me without even saying goodbye. My sister, Alice! How could you do that Alice! You knew how much this family meant to me but you still went along with it," I turned to Edward, "And YOU! Do you know how long it took for me to be able to say your name! I was absolutely heart broken. It was your idea to leave me!" " I thought that it was for the best!" he interrupted, shouting back at me. "I wasn't your decision to make! It was MINE. Quit acting like my father, Edward! You should have treated me like your girlfriend, not your daughter! You had NO right to make such a huge decision for me!" I finally looked at all of them," I was planning my whole life with you guys! I was willing to give up anything to be part of your family! " I stopped ranting, my voice threatening to break. "Please just go," I turned my back to them, hiding the tears that were threatening to fall," I'm tired and I need to sleep," I didn't turn back around because if I did I knew then the mask that I had put it on would fall. And I couldn't let that happen. I heard the door swing shut and I let out an unnecessary breath. I threw myself onto my bed and sobbed myself to sleep. How am I going to be able to face them now was my last thought before I succumbed to the darkness. EPOV (Edward) After walking out of the room, My family and I walked to our rooms. I closed my door in shock of what Bella had said to me. She was right, I shouldn't have left. I should of stayed by her side and not acted like her father. Since my room was the closest to Bella's I could hear her sobbing. I walked to Alice's room and knocked. I could faintly hear her footsteps, she opened the door letting me in. Jasper was sitting there with a look of shock as he felt my emotions….of hope. I started walking back in forth. Alice was bouncing up and down waiting for me to say it. "I have decided I am going to win bella back." I said. "I want to make her feel again, help her pick up the pieces and if I have to stay here in Volterra I will." Right when I said that I heard footsteps. BPOV After crying for what seems like hours. I got the courage to talk to Alice and Jasper and the rest of the Cullens. Saying that name sent the feeling of regret as to what I had said to them earlier. So I walked out of my room down to Alice's room and knocked. I was shocked to see Edward open the door. "May I please come in, I need to speak to you guys." I said with a sad look on my face. "Can one of you guys please get the rest of your family?" Alice was the one to get up with that graceful bounce of hers when she gets excited. . "Sure thing Izzy." I grabbed her hand "Did you just call me Izzy?" Alice had a surprised look on her face. "Yes?" I hugged her "I am so sorry for what I said earlier, Please forgive me." "You don't need to apologize, You were right, I was your best friend and sister, I shouldn't of left."