course not! ... "No, I didn't." Carlisle nodded. "But you will! Alright?" I closed my eyes for a brief moment, considering my options here as my father put his hand down and swatted me one time hard on my sore backside. I immediately hissed in pain, opened my eyes again and gulped hard. Okay, he is serious ... "Do not think about it, Edward, answer me and answer me correctly!" I cleared my throat as the throbbing pain in my behind shot through my body. "Yes ... Sir! I will apologize asap!" He placed his right hand on my shoulder, squeezing it softly and nodded. "Very well! I don't want any more trouble with the two of you, but if-" "D-dad! I understood ..." I interjected. "I know. I got it. Really! I Promise!" "Good! I think he is outside with Bella and Renesmee now!" I inhaled deeply and turned around. I pulled my denim up and closed it, again trying to ignore the pain that would not be letting up today or tomorrow. Dad certainly knew how to make an impression! My coven leader went to his side of the desk, opened the top-drawer and put the leather belt away out of sight. I put my clothes back on and straightened them. Carlisle went out of his study in search for Esme, who would be arriving home with the rest of our family in a couple of seconds. I followed him outside to find Bella and our little daughter walking around in our garden, accompanied by Jacob. Bella held Nessi close in her arms, stroking her smiling little face, looking into her big eyes. I had expected that Rose would be babysitting, but Bella was probably missing Nessie, and had told my possessive blonde sister to take a hike. I stepped onto our porch. Bella looked back at me, smiling and rocking our little sunshine back and forth in her arms. I moved closer, taking two steps at a time and reached them in one second with vampire-speed. Renesmee giggled. I gave Jacob a quick look, then turned my attention to Bella. "Do you think it is okay that you are so close to her already? ... And for that long?" "Edward, relax!" She told me, and smiled down at our daughter. "She is fine!" I cleared my throat to get her attention! "We should go on a hunt in a few minutes, love! Rose can babysit her while we are trying to find a delicious meal for you ..." I cannot wait for her to go on her first hunt with me! She will be the perfect predator ... "Okay!" Bella lightly shrugged her shoulders at that option, placing her index-finger in our daughters light hair and stroking her again. Nessi pulled her little hand out to touch her Mommy ... What a sweet picture! Sadly I had to break up that moment between daughter and mother ... "Bella? ... Would you take her inside for a moment? I have to talk to Jacob." She looked at me, at him and me again but nodded her agreement. "Yes, sure! But don't hurt him, Edward!" I snorted. "No, I won't, love! Promise!" We kissed, I stroked Nessi's hair and Bella took her through the front yard and upstairs. As I looked back at Jacob, I could hear and feel another presence on the porch. Carlisle... I took a quick look at him, reading his mind. I gave him an understanding and innocent smirk. "I was just going to do it, okay?" I told him with an irritated voice, holding my hands in defiance. "You can go back inside, Dad!" He gave me a quick nod. "Yes, I knew you would, son!" He vanished into the house again, expecting me to follow his orders and apologize to Jacob properly. The low sound of Renesmee making noises to my father as he took her from Bella and held her in his arms, made me smile. I knew he would be a great grandfather to my little one - as he is a great Dad to me! A voice in front of me wiped these thoughts away. "Here I am! What did you want to talk about?!" I looked him in the eye, sort of... "Look, Jacob! I am sorry that I ... lost it. That I pushed you into the wall. Really I am! It's good to have you - and your pack - in this family. We know we can count on you if needed!" " We know?" He asked and raised an eye-brow, crossing his arms over his muscular chest. He was not happy with my apology it seemed. Jacob moved a step forward and continued. "The question is, Edward ... Do you know that I would never harm Bella or Nessi? Or anybody else in your coven?" I smirked. "I know that! But if you ever entertained the thought for even a second ... your wolf behind would be mine!" Somebody cleared his throat inside our home in warning. I looked to the house, opened my mouth again and looked back at Jacob. "But on the other hand ... my Dad wouldn't be very pleased with me that he had to treat your wounds, again! So let us-" "Be friendly and like brothers?" He asked. I shook my head. "We never will be brothers , not in a hundred plus years, Jacob!" "We are too different, blood sucker!" "Yeah, dog ..." I smirked at him. "You got that right!" We stood in silence for a few seconds and then I turned to go. I needed to get on with business, to take Bella on her first hunt. I heard Jacob's voice again. "What exactly did Carlisle do to you when he sent us away?! ... And why are you walking so funny?" Huh? I froze. "Mind your own business, Jacob Black!" I strode forward and muttered under my breath, "Asking for permission to KILL him, Dad!" The End