itched to lift her up into the comfort of the bed, but fear that he might wake her up and disturb her slumber stopped him. There was only one thing he could do then. Loosening his tie and removing his belt, he slipped in beside Bella and despite the impossibility of the situation, a sigh of contentment left him. Edward did not remember the last time he had felt so peaceful. Never surrounded by pillows stuffed with softest down, covered by sheets of pure silk, had he felt so comfortable as he felt now, curled up under the blanket with Bella in his arms. He did not allow himself to think about what he was doing, or why he was doing it. All he knew was that he would do anything for every minute he could spend with Bella with her back softly pressed against him, drowning in her sweet, addictive fragrance that sent him in a trance. Gently so as to not disturb her, Edward slid closer to her, tightening his arm around her tentatively. He had never understood how much he had wanted to hold her, to feel her warmth, until this moment, when that unspoken, ignored and suppressed desire was fulfilled. It was as though he had been walking around with half his heart, and only now, having found the other half, was it beating properly. He breathed in her familiar soothing smell deeply, knowing that the road ahead of him was going to be difficult. He knew he was in for a lot of anguish and grief- that he would have to struggle to win her trust back, to erase the memory of the abominable manner in which he had treated her. He would have to heal every wound he had inflicted on her. It would indeed be difficult. But, Edward Anthony Masen was no stranger to challenges and difficulties; he always achieved what he desired, be it on personal or professional front. And what he wanted this time, for the rest of his life, was too important for him to lose. The hurdles he would have to unequivocally face mattered not for him if, no , when they would lead him to Bella, for losing her was not an option. Thus, filled with determination to painstakingly undo his wrongdoings, Edward snuggled against Bella as if it was the most natural thing to do. He would win her trust and love even if it was the last thing he would ever do. There were simply no two ways about it. Bella felt something hot against the skin of her neck, and awoke with a start, jerking out of her makeshift bed. Senses clouded over, she turned around to find herself enclosed in the arms of a sleeping Edward. To say that this development had shocked her would have been the understatement of the century. Bella felt the ground give way beneath her. Her stomach twisted uncomfortably and she had to fight the temptation to succumb to a fainting spell. Without wasting a minute for the sake of her sanity, Bella had bravely warded off the blackness threatening to overtake her and nimbly extricated herself from Edward's embrace. She, then, made a mad dash out of the room as though she was on fire, only to tiptoe back a few minutes later to take a shower. And, now, after nearly two hours, as she watched the vignettes of Seattle flash by on her way to her workplace (away from Edward and the confines of his home), she took a deep, tremulous breath of relief. Trying valiantly to ignore the frenzied palpitations of her heart, she attempted to focus logically on what on earth could possibly have happened last night for him to end up with her, fast asleep on the floor. Holding me. Bella shirked away from that thought mentally as though it had burned her. Inadvertently, she began contemplating a more unpleasant matter- the repercussion of the last night's events. What would Edward do when he woke up to find himself on the floor? Bella took a shuddering breath as she thought of the inevitable confrontation. She was sure he would hunt her down at the first possible chance. And with that fiendish gleam in his eyes, he would inform her, in no uncertain terms, that it meant nothing...that she meant nothing to him. He would remind her of her lack of money, of how characterless she was, of how he wanted nothing more than to shred her world apart, piece by piece. She gulped as the memories of his words reopened the half healed wounds of her heart, stinging, making breathing difficult. She vainly tried to not to succumb to tears. She should be impervious by now...after months of residing under the same roof with Edward. But her heart, already battered and broken, refused to listen, and continued to beat painfully in her chest. And she was again on square one as her befuddlement once again pushed to the forefront of her mind. What legitimate reason could there be for this situation? Bella had gone to bed long before he had returned, feeling extremely unwell- the lack of sleep had finally caught up with her. Suggestions popped up in her head. Maybe he was drunk. Bella did not consider, or rather, refused to let herself consider the possibility that maybe he had slipped into her bed of his own free will. She would not let herself think that at any cost. Maybe he did drink too much and didn't realise what he was doing afterwards. He must have just gotten into the blanket in his stupor. Tersely nodding her head, she allowed her heart to slow down a moment. Yes, that's what happened last night. She thought approvingly. Now, she just had to strengthen herself up for another round of bitter jibes of Edward. At least, she had avoided the trap of hope, for it was useless. There was no hope. Not for her. Reviews?