enjoying nothing at the moment, however, standing lost in the middle of the parking lot, trying to think what to do. She didn't drive there, and doesn't have her purse, and most of the people she could conceivably call for a ride are back in the church, no doubt hating her for running out on the most wonderful man on the planet (or so she chastises herself—in fact, most of those who don't already know perfectly well why she ran away are thinking she finally saw Edward for the pain in the ass he is, and the few who aren't are those who never dated him, or watched him date someone else, which mostly just means Jessica, who is all too happy to imagine maybe she's finally going to get a chance at him herself). Edward spots her right away and calls out, "Bella!" He realizes his mistake immediately, so he's yelling again before she has the chance to run farther in her terrified reaction to his arrival. "Isabella Swan, sit down right now!" he tries again, and Bella freezes mid-stride, turning to look at him over her shoulder, a little incredulous at his instruction but extremely relieved he is still speaking to her and, even better, is sounding like he intends to take back control of the situation. And of her. Which he does by scooping her up, and throwing her bodily over his shoulder, as if she were a bag of flour and he was the careless peasant tasked with carrying it into the church. The peasant takes his time, frequently adjusting his load as he goes, gently slapping it or swinging the front or the back of it this way and that or inching the burden back up his shoulder with little heaves. Bella's face is red with embarrassment and pleasure as well as from her upside-down position when they arrive back at her starting position, more or less. Refusing to set her down yet, Edward gives her a particularly loud and heavy slap on the rear as he yells, "Alice! We need to talk." Alice had already been on her way over, having been in urgent consultation with the hired wedding planner as soon as Bella made good her escape. She has plan B in motion already, evidenced by Charlie's absence at the back of the church and red-eared presence in the front row, having retreated there only after watching Edward's capture of Bella from the church doors and then being instructed to his new spot by Alice. Now, Alice starts in before Edward gets a chance to make demands she doesn't want to meet. "Edward, put Bella down!" she shrills from ten feet away, garnering several snickers and a snort from the rapt audience of family and friends. "Not until we're clear that I'm her aisle escort," Edward responds, giving Bella another pat on the behind for good measure. "Of course you are, you Neanderthal, now stop slapping her on the ass and put her down before she breaks blood vessels in her face and impossibly complicates her make-up design for tomorrow." Edward immediately sets Bella carefully down on her feet in front of him, more for the fear of causing her injury than for the sake of pleasing Alice, and says, "Make-up design, Alice? Tell me you're not planning on caking her gorgeous face with that crap. She's perfect the way she is." If Bella hadn't already been impossibly red-faced from recent effects of gravity, she would have been then, hearing Edward's matter-of-fact assertion. She tries to turn to look up at him, but finds she can't move because he has one hand locked on her shoulder and the other clamped on her hip. His hold is so tight it's almost painful, but not quite, and that means it's heavenly because it is tight enough to send the clear message to her psyche that she's not getting out of Edward's grasp again that night. Relieved that all choices have been taken away from her by the person she trusts most to take care of her, Bella relaxes in his hold. He feels this and looks down at her and smiles, pulling her even closer to him as he half-listens to Alice demur that she is only going to accentuate Bella's beauty and not cover it. Edward interrupts Alice then, saying, "All right, all right, Allie; I trust you, more or less. Now let's get this over with so the wedding girl can get some rest," and as he says the last part, his thumbs are stroking Bella, back and forth in little loving lines, and then he leans in and kisses her on the back of her neck, just below her hairline. Bella whimpers, and another chorus of onlooker giggles and guffaws breaks out, luckily drowned out for Bella by Alice's new instructions. Edward is to walk Bella down the aisle with one arm around her waist. Alice tells Bella to hold her bouquet with two hands now, and to keep her eyes on the carpet 15 feet in front of her. Bella does as she is told, holding on to the artificial flower practice bouquet Alice has thrust in her hands and remaining still while Edward adjusts his position, coming around to stand at her side and removing his hand from her shoulder, circling his arm closest to her around her back and grabbing tightly once more onto her opposite hip. Alice, satisfied after a couple of tugs and shoves on Edward's arm and shoulders, is shouting up to the organist to start at the bridge when Edward leans down and whispers in Bella's ear, "See? I told you I had you. This isn't so bad, is it?" And Bella has to agree, shaking her head gently side to side to indicate that it isn't so bad at all. "That's my good girl," Edward says in return, meaning every word and looking forward with elation to tomorrow, and all the tomorrows after that.