that I kept the phone at my side, just in case things took a downward spiral and I needed them. We sat in an oversized chair before the fireplace, our feet warming to the blaze. He'd turned on the radio and sat running his fingers through my silver hair. "I have had the most amazing life, Bella. You, the kids, my career . . . everything. I don't know what I did to be so incredibly blessed, but days like today just put it in perspective. My love, tell me about your heart. I know you've probably told me a hundred times over the past few years, but humor me today." "My heart is full of love for you, Edward. The same as it has always been." "That bad, huh?" he asked, arching an eyebrow. I decided to be transparent with him. "The doctor told me that I have maybe months at the best, Edward. I can't take any more medications, and what I'm already taking is losing its effectiveness. The stress was just too great during the pregnancy and birth. I've been blessed to have this many years. You know that wasn't expected. Even then, the doctors told us that my life expectancy would be shortened without a transplant. You've kept me alive this long . . . you and your love for me. I just hope I don't leave you. That's my greatest fear, that you will wake up and not find me here." He wrapped his arms around me and pulled me tightly to his chest. We remained in that embrace for hours. Night began to fall and he moved softly against me. "I wonder what the meadow looks like tonight. I bet it's excruciatingly beautiful. It's been too long." His voice sounded wistful, but there was a strange quality to it. I finally realized it was a resolved tone. I glanced to the window and saw a snowflake hit the pane. We would freeze to death out there. My eyes jerked to him. I knew him better than I knew myself. He couldn't mean . . . "Would you like to go to the meadow tonight, Bella?" he asked softly against my hair. Peace settled within me. "Yes, yes I would." I slowly rose from the chair and went to the hallway closet, bringing out the ancient picnic basket that Esme had packed for us over sixty years ago. It had been repaired many times, but it held too many memories to get rid of. I passed the mantle as I came back in the room and as I did so, I looked to each picture there. Carlisle and Esme. Emmett and his family in the formal affair that Rosalie had orchestrated. Alice, Jasper, Charlotte, and Peter in a whimsical Christmas picture. Jacob, Nessie, Seth, and Jessica at an event on the reservation. These were all favored pictures of our family. Edward came to stand behind me and ran his fingertip across each of their faces. "We're so lucky," he murmured against me. "Yes, we are. I need to do one thing, Edward, before we go," I said softly. I quickly penned a message and left the folded letter against my and Edward's picture. The cold air took my breath away when we stepped out to begin the short walk to the meadow we now owned. He grabbed my hand, and we walked slowly, our footsteps unsure. For now, the night sky was crystal clear and the moonlight shone brightly, lighting the way. I could see the snow clouds on the horizon; it would be snowing in earnest soon. He'd carried the basket and sat it on one of the reclining chaise lounges, we'd placed in the meadow years earlier, to pull the blankets out. He placed one on the chair and pulled the other to place around us. He helped me sit, then did the same. Taking out a small container, he poured a multitude of pills out, giving me half. After drinking from a shared bottle of water, we reclined against the back of the lounge, and I snuggled into his side placing my head against his shoulder. "Beautiful," he said. "I know, isn't it," I responded looking up into the sky as a single snowflake floated down. "I meant you," he snickered. "Now my life is complete." "How so?" "My last wish is fulfilled." "I don't understand." "When we first came here do you remember my words?" I shook my head, not sure of what he was specifically referring to. " One day, when we're old and grey, I want to be able to lie in this exact spot and look up at the sky with you. I want to always remember everything of our time together. And when we die and go to heaven…I want us to go together. I can't imagine a world without you in it." I smiled at the memory of that moment so long ago and with delight that Edward's memory was so sharp at the moment. With one last kiss, I settled into the arms of my love, my soul mate. Already his skin felt cold against mine, but I wasn't afraid. I knew the end was near, but I was facing it with him. I laced my fingers with his and closed my eyes, a smile on my face. Many thanks to crmneill my former beta, who loves me so much that he successfully quashed his nausea and disgust at the thought of reading an AH story and edited this for me so long ago. This story is extremely personal for us both. Dedicated to Edward H: Charles' grandfather, who held on while Alzheimers took almost everything and waited to go until his family came for him one last time. Dedicated to Kathleen B: My mom, who suffered from dementia as well. She too was able to leave this world on her own terms, grateful to do so when she still remembered her grandbabies as well.