you where the school and grocery store are located. Also, the ocean side of La Push, where First Beach is, isn't too far from her house." Of course she'd use a line with a sinker like that one. I nod. "Cool." It's probably for the best that I go since I'm starting to see things that aren't there. I swallow the remainder of my milk. Aunt Maggie stands from her seat and I mimic her by pushing in my chair. I start to pick up our dishes from the table when says, "Leave the dishes where they are, honey. I need to show you some things." My eyes narrow as I did what she requested and watched her curiously as she walks over to the sliding glass door. I make my way to stand next to her. She points at a white wicker table that has two wicker rockers on either side of it. A clear glass ash tray sat on top of the table. "You can smoke out there if it's not raining." She laments. I know another lecture is not far off in the future. Then she turns and starts walking around the dining room table towards the small hallway that leads to the garage. "Come on Sammie." My aunt pauses in between the doors of the half bathroom and garage. She turns around, smiling, as I halt a few feet away. "Just in case you forgot the tour from last night, there's a bathroom right here." She gestures towards said room then reaches for a set of keys by the garage door. The tour ended here so when she opens the garage, I'm shocked to find that the space where a parked car should be is practically bursting with overflowing boxes, boxes that touch the ceiling and crammed against the fore wall. All this time, I assumed she had OCD, wanted everything to be perfect. It seems she's a closet pack rat. Who would've ever thought otherwise? "Here's the other ashtray when it's raining." Aunt Maggie said as she points to a little ceramic dish on a small plank table. Rain. It is the only thing I'm going to appreciate being here, I thought. I look further into the garage. That's when I notice another parking space behind her and it isn't empty. I was too distracted by the mountain of boxes looming over me to pay attention to anything else. I peek past Aunt Maggie at the glossy black car. "Wow!" I comment loudly. "It was your mother's." She holds out the keys for me to take from her spot by the passenger's door. "It's rightfully yours now." I walk over to her and give her a snug hug. "Thank you, Aunt Maggie." I whisper lovingly in her ear before pulling away from the embrace. "Well, you do need transportation, after all. So this is appropriate. It's a 1977 Trans-Am. Besides, your mother would want you to have it." Her voice cracks a bit and her eyes become misty. Before she could say anything else to turn me into a babbling mess, I take the keys and head over to the driver's side enthusiastically. Upon unlocking and opening the car door, I sit inside and reach over to unlock the passenger door for Aunt Maggie to get in. There is something familiar about the smell inside the car. At first I couldn't distinguish what it was but then after a moment of inhaling in the scent, it saturates deeply into my nostrils. It smells like the flavor of grape bubble gum, exactly how my mother's breathe used to be when she was alive. I remind myself not to let go of the memories but for now I wouldn't dwell on the fact my mother is gone. I have to before tears begin to flow. I breathe and inspect the inside. Aunt Maggie pushes a button on the sun visor above me. Light from the outside pours into the garage as the noisy metal door opened. The inside, as well as the outside, of my mom's car, is in mint condition. My aunt clears her throat loudly to get my attention. "Well, I got to put frosting on the cake and wrap Allison's present." She says as she opens her door. I nod, but a thought came to mind almost immediately. "Wait. Do you mind if you showed me the way to the store first? I'd like to pick up some green tomatoes and fry them for Allison's birthday." I remember yesterday at the terminal she said she'd love to try them when my aunt told her how great I am at cooking southern foods. A guilty look flashes across her features before she spoke. "Well about that. I already bought some from a friend this morning. You cannot get green tomatoes in our one grocery store and I thought you'd like to cook some soon." She explains. I smile. "Well then I say let's get this party started, Aunt Maggie." We both laugh while getting out of the car. She puts her arm over my shoulder as we head inside. "You're such a good hearted girl, Sammie." ~o ~ O ~C ~ O ~ o~ ***************Please don't forget to leave a review************ ATTENTION: Each revised chapter will say "Revised" at top of the page! Dedication to Momma Love; I want to take the time to appreciate a lovely lady for revising this chapter. She is an awesome editor and a wonderful person. She accepted to work with me & "AGITS" with much enthusiasm and has dedicated herself in bringing out the best in me and the story. She's working hard behind the scenes to get all grammar errors corrected throughout the 24 chapters already posted. So thank you so much (Momma Love) for saving the "Glitches"! xx Her review is below; Corineabella, I'm really liking Sammie's story! And I'm digging the mystery girl! Just the right amount of ominous without suffocating us! Brava! xoxo, Momma Love