or someone taught you how to add one to all the big numbers?" "Very funny." "Answer the question, bub." He slides his arm away and looks at me crossly. "I detest that nickname." "You're stalling. How many times?" "Counting this time?" "Yes." Several seconds pass, and I rethink the wisdom of asking. Can I really handle hearing this number? "Once." " Once?" "Hey, I'm working as fast as I can here, but I've only been human for twenty-four hours"—he pauses briefly to let me absorb what he's saying—"but if you're ready to go again, we could double my record." "Wait, you've never been human before?" "Nope." I pop up onto one elbow. "You're a virgin ?" Mace laughs so hard the bed shakes. "Not anymore." I can't decide if I'm more surprised, awed, or annoyed. "You sold me this whole 'I need to show you' routine when you've never done it before?" "Yeah . . . there's this thing called 'research.'" The smug smile has returned. "Was that a porn move you just did on me?" Mace rolls his eyes. "Bella, I live in people's heads. Some people are quite proficient at sex, and I happen to have an excellent memory. Also, it doesn't hurt that I'm intimately familiar with every sexual fantasy you've had for the last fourteen years." "Ugh!" I flop away from him onto my back and pull the pillow over my face. Mace climbs on top of me, straddling my waist. The pillow is lifted and flung away. "I'm ready to whisper in your ear now." I glance down to the penis resting on my belly, not hard yet, but I don't doubt his potential. "Already?" Mace tweaks my nipples. "Ouch!" "Do you want Elizabeth to let down her guard or not?" "Oh! Yes !" Head out of the gutter, Bella. This is a big moment for Elizabeth and Mace. I close my eyes for the beat it takes me to switch into character. "Okay, I'm ready." "All right. So . . . I haven't been one hundred percent truthful with you." Was that a quake in his voice? Damn, he's good. "Oh?" Elizabeth answers with my mouth. "Not that I lied. I didn't lie . . . I just, maybe, omitted a little detail." The author in me nods encouragingly. Yes, this is good. This sounds like Mace. Elizabeth answers again. "What little detail might that be?" "So . . . the gods don't exactly grant exclusives to muses just so an author can finish a story. Even if it is a bestselling series." "Huh?" Mace bites his lip and studies a spot on the ceiling before turning back. "Bella." Gulp. He's not my character talking to my other character. He's Mace, talking to me. "What are you saying, Mace? Why did they let you come here?" "Because . . . I'm in love with you." I'm not sure I have the tools to process this. We've just crossed lines and worlds and Mace loves me ! "But you're . . . and I'm . . . can this happen ?" He shrugs. "It happened." "Has this ever happened before?" "Not to me," he answers with a rueful smile. Poor Mace; I've never seen him so insecure. Oh wait, I have. Book five. Right before Elizabeth shuts him out, and Mace turns into a giant dick. "Why didn't you tell me this at the book store? Or in the car? Or at the restaurant? Or before we . . . did that !" "That would've been a dick move. I needed you to accept my offer because it was the best move for your career. And I definitely needed you to have sex with me for the right reasons." "Love isn't a good reason to have sex? "I couldn't let you base your decision on my feelings." "So you blackmailed me instead?" "It killed me to have to do that to you." His mouth twists into a terrible scowl. "For the record, I didn't make up the part about the cover. That is how it works." "But why?" "I guess if Apollo made it too easy, all the muses would've defected by now." I can't begin to separate all the pieces right now. My heart's in a freefall, and my head is in no position to catch it. "I'm sorry, I have no idea what I'm supposed to say." "I don't know, Bella. You're the writer." A dark chuckle leaves him, and I understand I've already hurt him. "I am, however, starting to understand why Mace hasn't opened up to Elizabeth." Crap . "I'm really sorry I suck at this." He frowns at me because now we're both sad. He does that sweet gesture he knows I love, tucking my hair behind my ear. "Bella, there's nothing to be good at. Just say what's in your heart. It doesn't have to be Pulitzer-worthy." He blinks too fast, staving off tears. "Just tell me you love me back—if you do, that is." "Oh, Mace. Of course I love you." The storm brewing behind his eyes clears out as quickly as it arrived, and a bright smile takes its place. Yes, Mace owns me, but I own him right back. I may not have created Mace Cullen without divine inspiration, but if the price is loving and being loved by the man of my dreams till death do us part, that is a deal I will take any day of the week. THE END Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by leaving a review. If you happen to kno w the author's identity or "think" you do, please do not hint to this in your review, as this can compromise the author's anonymity and lead to disqualification. Add us to author alert to be notified of new stories. Want more info? Find us on Twitter at CPSffContest or visit our Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Facebook page. Public voting: February 21 2016 to March 6 2016.