a black and white lace bra and panty set. It's expensively soft and the panties are crotchless. I've never worn them before and they feel weird and good at the same time. I check out myself in the mirror and think I'm not bad for the mother of four. I hear familiar music, and now it's hard not to rush out and throw my arms around him. He's remembered the song I played, Paula Cole's "Feeling Love," all those years ago. I get the girls nice and cozy in the bra, mess my hair up and practice dancing seductively for another minute before I come out. He's dimmed the lights and he's sitting there naked, no toga tonight, but he's got his whiskey and he looks me up and down, smiling. He says only, "It's on loop." "Good choice." I smile back and dance around for a while, running my hands over my body, feeling sexier by the minute, closing my eyes and enjoying my song. Now it's really our song forever. I wonder what he thinks he's going to do to me. I think I'll surprise him. I turn away and bend over so he gets a full view of the panties with the opening stretched. I turn and see him touch his dick, getting harder by the minute. I sway my hips to the beat with my legs wide open and I see his hips rise off the couch. He's thinking about fucking me. I walk towards him and instead of straddling him like he expects, I kiss him once with my tongue, then drop to my knees and run my hands slowly up his thighs, opening them wide. I look up with my sexiest smile and without giving him the chance to say anything; I lean over and lick his sack. He groans and closes his eyes and, when he opens them, they're black again, like his pupils have consumed his irises. I run both hands over his cock, up his chest and back down again, watching as his breathing becomes forced. I know he wants to direct me, but he also wants to watch, so I don't disappoint him. I lick him from his sack up to the tip, and suck him into my mouth as hard as I can. "Ahh, fuck, you're good at that!" he calls out, so I circle the head with my tongue, making sure my tits rub on his legs. I let my hand do the work at the base and see how that goes, alternating between sucking him hard and swirling my tongue around him. He swallows the last of the whiskey before the glass goes bouncing on the floor and his fingers gently touch my hair. His hips can't help the way they want to drive him deep into my mouth, so I take him in all the way, but I don't stay there. I want to draw this out as long as I can. I keep licking and add the occasional deep throat to the mix every now and then. It's killing him and it makes me feel powerful. "Do you want me to keep doing this or do you still want the lap dance," I ask, rubbing a thumb hard over the head as I move his skin up and down with my other hand. He's watching, struggling to keep his eyes focused. "I… I…fuuuck." I didn't think I had a hope in hell of getting a clear response, so I go back to sucking and licking, adding a little teeth, while I cradle his sack and very gently squeeze. He's soon gone. His hips lift so I suck down as hard as I can. He makes a sound like he's going to take off and then stills, rocks back and forth, shooting streams of cum down the back of my throat. If I learned a lesson from our college days, it was to keep him in as deep as possible when he ejaculates. Jizz in your eye isn't fun. His head falls back and he pants uncontrollably. I can't honestly remember the last time I made him come that hard, but he's still beautiful when it happens and I stay on my knees, admiring his balls that are so plump and huge. As he calms, I get us each a bottle of water. It's more polite for me than rinsing in the bathroom. It's still jizz. It's magical jizz that created our four magnificent, maddening children but, in my mouth, it's still jizz. "I thought you were going to stop and give me a lap dance." "You should have said something." "I'm so glad you didn't stop. You were amazing." "Are you breaking character, Cullen?" "Just give me a minute, you vixen. Better still, come up here and lap dance me back to hard. I want a scorching hot kiss and then we'll start with those tits in my mouth if you're not doing anything with 'em. We'll eat the oysters after, say…two orgasms each." I giggle and say, "Sounds like a plan." I climb on to kiss him, but he holds my jaw, then smooths my hair back, looking at me with the sweetest green eyes. "You know I'm crazy about you." "And I love you Edward, so much." I kiss him with everything I have. He starts to moan right away, hugging me, touching me all over, and I know we're back. The old Bella and Edward have resurrected themselves. We still have years to go before things will be easy again, but I know now we'll make it. We may have had our time torn from us by family and responsibility, but our love for each other has never changed. We'll find the right balance between being friends and parents and lovers and, with a lifetime of date nights to look forward to, I can't wait to find out what it will be. ... Happy Birthday, Lay, and thank you for everything. xoxo