lips, pooling on the surface underneath her. I watched it's path, transfixed, then picked up the pot and poured even more onto her. "Mine." I hadn't meant to say that word but that is what came out between my lips as I bent forward and took the large slice of mango dripping in chocolate out of her pussy. I bent my head back and let it slide into my mouth. Fuck, I thought, that tastes delicious. What is it about her that takes all these flavours to another level? It made me smile to think of diners eating mango flavoured with her pussy juices. Then only a second after that another, stronger, sensation hit me. I didn't want anyone else to taste this. I looked down at her again as she lay just as I had told her too, the small metal pan on her hand and the residue of the fondue all over her lower stomach and pussy. An unusual possessive feeling washed over me. I picked up a clean cloth and tenderly started to wipe up some of the fondue now that I realised I couldn't possibly lick it all up. I hoped the sensation of the rough kitchen cloth would be almost as welcoming as my tongue was going to be. I opened her legs a little wider and cleaned up some of the spilt chocolate, the sight that met me would supply material for my early morning shower sessions for years to come. The glistening chocolate had mixed with the juices from the mango and left an almost shiny, thin glaze on her lips. I needed her in a different position. I needed to be able to get to her body without having to lean over her so I picked her up in my arms and carried her back to the chef's table, sitting her on the edge of it and pushing open her thighs. Kneeling down before her the aroma hit me instantly, her arousal, chocolate and mango, it was too much to resist. I placed my hands on her breasts and pushed her backwards so she was laid back on the table with her thighs stretched as wide as they would go. I wanted to start with a single finger but I needed to clean up all the chocolate first. I couldn't risk getting too much inside in case it caused her a problem later, so I lapped and licked to clean her up. I lapped at her outer lips, between them and moved up to pull back the hood of her clit and clean all around the little bundle of nerves. I knew as she got wetter she would clean herself internally and then I would really be able to enjoy her. As I worked my way down her opening I put my hands under her buttocks and lifted her slightly so that I could clean past her pussy and right round to her other hole. There was chocolate on her buttocks but I could get to that later, for now I needed to make sure everything was gone. When the taste on my tongue changed from the chocolate creation to just Bella I knew I could move forward and take her. We were both so worked up now it wasn't going to take much for either of us to come. I knew Bella was close, I could feel her squirming and the flow of her pussy juices had increased tremendously. I couldn't wait any longer so I quickly unzipped my chef pants and lowered them along with my boxers and finally let my swollen dick spring free. Without a moment's hesitation I pushed into her until I felt my balls push up against her. We were totally unaware of our surroundings as I continued to thrust into Bella until my balls were screaming, they were so full and heavy it was causing me actual pain each time they slapped against her. I knew I should have a condom on, that I should have at least asked her if she was clean and protected but in that moment I didn't care about the consequences. She screamed her climax, her body contracting around my cock, the little silver bowl finally crashing to the ground. My own orgasm was triggered almost immediately, a release so intense that it was actually painful. Any thought of a good review was completely forgotten. All I could think as I poured myself into her was "mine". Second Review of L'expérience by I.M.S. Now, any of you that follow this blog regularly, know that I very rarely give second chances. However, I have to admit that I have done exactly that with Chef Cullen's establishment. My wife was adamant that this was where she wanted to go to celebrate her 60 th birthday recently. So, it was with a heavy heart that I booked a table for last Friday night. That special something that was missing the night of my visit, Chef Cullen has certainly put it right. The food was amazing, the atmosphere electric and it was obvious that every diner was having an amazing evening. It was as though the whole establishment had been given a lift of some sort. Whatever has happened let's hope it continues. Also, I must take a minute to recommend you try the chocolate fondue. It is so very eighties I know, but it is one of the most delicious deserts I have ever eaten. Perhaps there is a secret ingredient? Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by leaving a review. If you happen to know the author's identity or "think" you do, please do not hint to this in your review, as this can compromise the author's anonymity and lead to disqualification. Add us to author alert to be notified of new stories. Want more info? Find us on Twitter at CPSffContest or visit our Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Facebook page. Public voting: February 21 2016 to March 6 2016.