her thighs to kiss her mouth once more. Bella shifted, pushing Edward off of her before turning on her stomach. She wiggled her ass before looking over her shoulder, lips shifting in a sly grin. Edward's fingers cradled the cheeks of her ass, parting them he trailed his fingers to her wet center, drawing the moisture back. Probing, he leaned forward, stomach pressing against her back as he whispered lewdly in her ear. "How long have you wanted me to fuck you here? Do you get wet for it when we fuck? Tell me what you want, Bella, tell me." "Kiss me," she ordered breathlessly. "Kiss me...there." Edward's naughty grin lifted any remaining worry from her heart. He sank into position and pressed her forward, parting the cheeks of her ass to expose her to him completely. Her fingers dug into the cushions of the couch as his tongue probed the rosette of her ass. Gasping at the sensation, she threw back her head, moaning Edward's name. He pushed forward, and was rewarded with the sound of her heady moan. "I've been dreaming about this for so long," she admitted, rendered breathless when he slid his finger into her body. The pleasure was almost too much to bear. He placed a nipping kiss at the small of her back. She grappled for the side table, for the bottle of lube she'd brought with her, ready for more. "Do it, Edward, please," she demanded, handing him the bottle. He growled urgently as he took it from her, flipping the cap open with his thumb, cupping his hand to accept the drizzle of oil from the bottle. He slicked his hand over his dick, jerking lightly to make sure he had coated his cock completely. He carefully, tenderly spread her cheeks apart and inserted his lubed finger, delighting in her pleasured moan, the arching of her slender neck. "Fuck, Bella," he swore, capping the bottle and tossing it to the floor at his knees. He continued to tease her with his finger, before adding another and kissing a languid trail up her spine. "I'm ready," she insisted, turning her face to accept his kiss, and then playfully nipping his bottom lip. Her eyes met his and there was no mistaking her desire. He removed his fingers, slowly nudging the head of his cock against the tiny rosebud. "Go slow," she entreated, as if he would ever do anything else. He pushed gently, felt resistance, and then pushed again, feeling the tight heat of her ass snugly envelop the head of his cock. "Fuuuuck," Edward groaned, stilling. Bella was panting beneath him, her fingers curled around the edge of the leather cushion. He leaned forward just a bit, intending to cup her breasts in his hands. His cock slid in another inch, and she hissed in pleasure-pain-pleasure. He opened his mouth to apologize, to offer to withdraw, when she interrupted him, no-nonsense. "Don't you dare," she threatened in a low growl. He chuckled as his hands found their original target, and he palmed her small breasts. He nipped a path across her shoulder blades, pausing at the nape of her neck, before giving her another tiny thrust, another inch of cock. "That's enough," she informed him in a breathless murmur. "That's as much as I can take this time." "Whatever you want," Edward whispered, kissing her jaw. She turned her face just enough to accept a deeper kiss, his mouth caressing hers. "I love you, Bella." "I love you," she answered, and a moment later, dropped down to her forearms in a more comfortable position. "Slow, baby. Slow." He moaned in agreement as he slowly began to pump those first four inches out of her ass, and then back in again. She buried her face in the leather of the couch as the sensations he tortured out of her body became more and more pleasurable. She muttered what could have been curse words, could have been nonsense, her back bowing slightly with every smooth thrust. Edward knew he wasn't going to make it much longer, and so he slipped his hand around Bella's slender hips and unerringly found her clit with his long, nimble fingers. "Cum, honey. Cum on my fingers, hurry," he whispered, frantically rubbing at her clit as he spiraled towards orgasm. "You've dreamed about my cock in your ass and now it's finally there and you love it, don't you?" "Yes," she panted. "You love me, don't you?" "God, yes, Edward," she swore, bucking against him now, her movements fast and frenzied. "Can I cum inside?" he asked, his breath coming in hot pants against the back of her neck. "Fuck, yes," Bella bit out. The combination of the pressure of his steady, rhythmic fucking and the small, tight circles he was rubbing against her clit had her tensing in orgasm. She was shuddering in pleasure, crying out his name again as he pulled her to his body, close, mouthing kisses on the silky skin of her back. The pulses around his cock were intense, and Edward was unable to hold back any longer. With a primal roar, he plunged into her ass one final time before erupting, the white light behind his eyes nearly blinding him as he came hard. He collapsed against her back, panting, his cock slipping from her body. She found his hand and entwined their fingers, and together, they breathed. Minutes later, when Edward felt like he could stand without collapsing, he gathered his disheveled and utterly gorgeous wife into his arms and carried her upstairs to their bedroom. He drew her a hot bath, slipping behind her into the garden tub, gently washing away the evidence of their passion with slow swipes of a washrag. Afterwards, he wrapped her in a towel—drying her off before leading her to their bed, where he spooned in behind her naked body, and got what he'd been waiting weeks for. A nice, long, hard cuddle. Happy Holidays! xx