her face. Catching her around the wrist and halting her turn, I said, "Rose, I'm counting on you to help me with her. There's a lot she doesn't know that you could teach her. I would like that." Then, for an instant, I saw the wounded girl behind the angry façade that Rosalie Hale Cullen had perfected, and saw too that wounded girl's face light up in response to my trust in her, and my affection. It was a reminder of how much I had hurt Rosalie when I had been immune to her romantic advances; she had admitted later she hadn't truly been attracted to me either, but she had been used to feigning affection without ever knowing before the stinging rejection of someone not wishing to play along. Even her genuine love for my brother, and his passionate and loyal return of love for her, had failed to completely erase the pain of my not-wanting her, and I knew I owed her some extra careful attention to her feelings now in exchange for the trauma of that experience, and my subsequent brusqueness. I smiled at Rose, true fondness in it, and was rewarded with a shy smile in return before the door slammed down again over her vulnerability and Rosalie turned on her heels, pulling out of my grasp (which I allowed her to do), and flounced out of the room announcing, "I don't have all day to watch someone sleep. I'm going to go get ready; some of us have to worry about this family's reputation." I laughed as I called after her, "Good-bye Rose," and was happy to see my aunt's worried expression as she watched Rosalie exit fade into good humor as she saw that her daughter-in-law's snarkiness wasn't bothering me in the least. I reached out the hand Rosalie had pulled away from and let it rest gently on Esme's forearm, saying, "Don't worry, Esme; I can handle Rosalie." She smiled back and leaned in to peck me on the cheek, not needing to respond with words. Leaning back, she sighed and said, "Well, we should probably talk about the logistics of the holiday." Then, turning her warning gaze on me once more, she added, "And how to manage the arrival of your unexpected house guest, Edward." I nodded, and gestured to the armchair behind Alice's perch. Choosing to pick off the easy topic first, I said "Lay it on me. How many functions this year?" "A little more than usual, I'm afraid, my dear." Esme needed only an interested quirk of my eyebrow to continue. "The hurricane last year destroyed the elementary school's playground in town; I promised the school board building and grounds committee that the Cullens would send a delegation to the ribbon-cutting for the new playground we funded that is scheduled for the morning of the 4th. Right in between the American Legion's annual pancake breakfast and the DNC picnic." Now it was my turn to sigh. "Well, it could be worse. At least we'll have the evening to ourselves. Do Carlisle and Emmett have their fireworks display planning finished yet?" "But that's the worst of it, dear. We may have inadvertently been promised to attend Victoria Martin's Independence Day party that night." I could do nothing but glare at poor Esme upon hearing this unwelcome news; Victoria Martin was one of the worst of the up-and-coming rich hangers-on in our small and previously exclusive community, and if she had really managed to carve this in-road into my family's social calendar, then I would be paying the price of her unwanted flirtations for an indefinite period of time to come. I was not happy. Before I could comment, however, Esme went on: "Carlisle and Emmett were pretty upset with Rosalie at first, although I had to commend Rose for her kindness to Mrs. Martin. And really, on such an important national holiday, it's been a little selfish of the Cullens to keep to themselves the way we have. So we're going to save our private fireworks display for the night after, and go to the Martins' ball with positive attitudes, all of us." I wasn't sure how this conversation had deteriorated into a warning lecture worthy of any reluctant 6th-grader, but there it was. And then it got worse. "Of course, it would appear the phrase 'all of us' requires some elucidation and fine-tuning, now." Esme turned her eyes to rest significantly on Isabella, still curled up and unmoving in my lap. I stared at Esme, authority in my bearing. She may be, for all intents and purposes, my de facto mother and the spiritual head of my family, but I was the one responsible for my own life, and now for Isabella's life too. I wasn't being dramatic, I knew full well I had set in play actions that would permanently impact Isabella Swan, and I didn't regret a bit of it, except perhaps the embarrassment and discomfort she would inevitably suffer as she learned to adjust to life in the public eye the way the rest of us had. "Aunt Esme, there's no elucidation necessary here, and the only fine-tuning needed will be in the wardrobe and security departments." "And for the wedding," Alice inserted, completely matter-of-fact, not bothering to turn her head from her continued study of my…girl. Esme and I both turned our own heads to stare at Alice for a moment, which fact she ignored, and then mutually returned to studying each other. My aunt's gaze was questioning, speculative; mine continued to be assertive with an undertone of warning, albeit mixed with due respect and love. Finally, Esme smiled, and the warmth of it was breathtaking. "I'm so happy for you, Edward, love," she said, as she leaned forward and kissed me again, holding my head to her own for a moment before lowering her head to Isabella's still up against my shoulder and resting there long enough to whisper, "Welcome to the family, Isabella."