society. Shifting slightly in the seat, I adjusted my dick that had perked up and was straining against my pants at the memory of Isabella's hot, wet pussy wrapped around it. The plan had been just to have Newton find us together. The rest… well, I'd gotten a bit carried away at the sight of her. The impending success of my revenge had given me an unprecedented high. Plus, we had some time to kill (pun intended) until the poison reached his system, so that the time of his attack would correspond with the shock of seeing us together. As it was, I knew Isabella didn't mind. I could still taste the sweet musk of her arousal on my tongue. All in all, it was an easy explanation. Even if the police somehow suspected foul play, the crystals would have disappeared from his blood stream long before they even thought of performing an autopsy. The final item I pulled out of the clutch was the only one I was going to save. I twirled the flash drive in my palm, just the thought of its contents satiating the fire of revenge that'd burned in my heart since the day my father had committed suicide. Every bit of proof against Newton Corporation that had eluded my father now lay in the palm of my hand and would make its way to the authorities in due time. Anonymously, of course. Michael Newton had already lost his life. Soon, his entire family would lose their reputation. I would make sure of it. I placed everything back inside the little purse and tucked it back into the breast pocket of my jacket. My phone chimed with a message, and the ringtone indicated that it was from one of the burner phones I'd bought with this very night in mind. Done with the questioning. See you at home! Love you. With a peaceful smile, I let my eyes drift close and relaxed for the rest of the ride home. I couldn't wait to finally be able to sleep while holding her in my arms. It had been one very long month. ~*O*O*O*O*~ With the tears came the harsh realization that I would never get the chance to talk to my father. I had lost the opportunity to apologize to him or mend fences. He would not be there for any of the future milestones in my life. He would never know that despite our contrasting ideals, I loved him with all my heart. A strangled scream escaped my lips as I clawed at my hair, welcoming the pain that, for just a second, distracted me from the horrible reality I now faced. It was only when I felt someone's presence behind me that I raised my tear-streaked face from my hands and looked up. My fiancée placed a hand on my shoulder while tears trickled down her face. I stood up and quickly pulled her into my arms, letting my head fall into the crook of her neck as I mourned the loss of my father. Her soft hands caressed the back of my neck and threaded through my hair, murmuring words of comfort, even as her own voice shuddered with tears. We stayed there for a few minutes, locked in a tight embrace while we waited for the ambulance and the police to arrive. Finally, she whispered my name with a shocked note in her voice. When I pulled back, I found her haunted eyes fixed on a letter placed on Dad's table. Reaching out to grab it, I gasped when I saw that it was addressed to me. She held my trembling form as I tore open the envelope and glanced at the letter. Reading through the paragraphs, unbridled rage rose within my mind and soaked every pore of my body as I realized the awful fate my father had to face in return for his honesty. I'd wanted to announce my engagement to him today… tell him that I'd finally met the love of my life and that she was the one who encouraged me to mend fences with him… that I regretted all the time we'd lost in our petty fights, and wanted to make sure that we didn't lose any more. Now I'd lost that chance forever. It had been stolen from me… from us. In his last letter, Dad had given me the name of the man who was responsible for it. " Michael Newton," I spat wildly. "He ruined Dad's reputation. He destroyed everything that Dad held close to his heart, and weakened him to the point that he felt that this was his only way out. Damn it!" I roared. "The police can't see this… Not right now. I'm going to finish what Dad started. I don't know how, but I'm going to make sure that Newton meets the miserable end that he deserves. I will ruin him!" She took my shaking hand in hers, opened up my clenched fist, and entwined our fingers together. It was such a simple act, but the warmth of her touch emboldened me like nothing else could. The sight of our fingers meshed together as one unit was enough to reassure me. My anguished heart grew a tad lighter, and I knew I wasn't alone in this. My Isabella, my love, gently wiped away my tears, as her chocolate eyes blazed boldly and decisively into mine. " We will, Edward. You and me, together… Always. We will ruin him." Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by leaving a review. If you happen to know the author's identity or "think" you do, please do not hint to this in your review, as this can compromise the author's anonymity and lead to disqualification. Add us to author alert to be notified of new stories. Want more info? Find us on Twitter at CPSffContest or visit our Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Facebook page. Public voting: February 21 2016 to March 6 2016.