be watching the guys play all period. After gym, I rushed to my locker to get out of school as soon as possible and get to Alice's house. Luckily, I didn't see Locker Boy at all. Being around him was...I don't know. It just made me feel weird. I met Alice at her locker, and we made our way outside. I looked up at the sky and spread my arms. "Ah...freedom." "Today wasn't THAT bad, Bells." "No, it wasn't. It was worse." I was just glad school was over. "Do you wanna get Starbucks before we go to my house?" "Of course." Starbucks was my drug. And I guess sex could be added onto that list, too. But when we walked into the cafe, I didn't want to be there anymore. "Ohmigod." I froze dead in my tracks. "What?" "Locker Boy." Alice followed my gaze to where the baristas were making drinks. "Ohhh...you mean Lover Boy." "Stop! How would you feel if I said stuff like that about Jasper?" "You do say stuff like that...and I love it!" She beamed at me as she made her way over to the register. I followed reluctantly. Alice got a coffee and I got my regular - a peppermint white mocha. I looked everywhere but at Locker Boy as I waited for my drink. How did he get hear so quickly, anyway? And then I remembered - he's a year older than us, which means he drives. I wonder what kind of care he has... And then I realized that Alice was talking to me. "...and he'll be there tomorrow with Victoria, so be prepared. Stay strong and don't let him get to you. Okay?" I'm guessing she's talking about Jacob. "Okay," I nodded. Suddenly, I felt like crying, so I turned away from Alice. But that meant I had to face Locker Boy. After a few more minutes, I reached for my drink as he was passing it over, and gasped at the small shock I felt when our fingers touched. He pulled his hand away quickly, and when I looked up at him, he looked mad. What a dick. how could he be mad at me? I looked over at Alice, whose face fell when she saw my eyes wet with tears. Locker Boy gave us a quick, "Bye, ladies," and as soon as we turned around, Alice started her rant about what an asshole Jacob was. But I wasn't listening to her. I saw something written on my cup, and quickly read what it was. SEE YOU TOMORROW. -E I checked Alice's and saw nothing written on it. And then I got mad at myself for feeling happy about that. Ugh, you don't want Locker Boy Cullen! He's fucking annoying! You want Jacob Black. He's the one that's perfect for you. Except I haven't thought too much about Jacob today, compared to the past few months. Maybe I was getting over him! Except I still wanted him...and it still broke my heart to think of him and Victoria together. I turned to look at Locker Boy before I followed Alice out the door, and couldn't help but smile at him when he waved goodbye. Then I grimaced at the middle-aged guy waiting for his drink, waving at me. Ew, not you . Hanging out at Alice's house was always the same, and always perfect. We sat around and watched TV, ate food, listened to music, and talked about people and current events and everything in between. I tried to keep the conversation on Jasper today, because for one, I loved seeing Alice happy when she talked about him, and two, whenever we didn't talk about Jasper, she brought up Locker Boy. I was glad that my dad was asleep by the time I got home, and my mind wandered as always when I tried to go to sleep. I couldn't wait for Jake and Victoria to break up. I mean, they couldn't stay together forever, right? Right. I know people tell me to just move on, but I can't. This can't be the end. I've already built a connection with him, and aside from the small bump we had in the cafeteria, I know he still wants me. And he didn't actually talk to me during gym, but I didn't feel like talking anyway. It's weird. When I'm with him, it's easy to act like I don't want him, or to act mean toward him. But when I'm not with him...I literally feel a clawing at my heart when I think of him doing cute things with Victoria. Things we did together, and all the firsts we had together. I couldn't control the tears that flowed from my eyes this time, and I turned onto my side to keep the bruises on my back from hurting. I was full on sobbing at this point, and it felt good. But when would my pain end? If I wasn't hurting emotionally, I was in physical pain. I felt so drained, and I cried even harder when I realized that the only nice thing that had happened to me today was a note on my Starbucks cup. I wish it was always day time, and that I never had to go to sleep. Even though I got to escape my life when I slept, I could never escape my thoughts when I lay in bed to go to sleep. I didn't know why this whole Jacob situation bothered me so much. People have been in worse situations, and I'm sure they're not sitting there crying their eyes out five months later. And I hate that my mood changes so suddenly. I was fucking fine this morning. And now…I can't even control myself. I'm such a weak person. I wish I could end all this pain. I wish, I wish, I wish… Please review and let me know what you think! I know this chapter seemed a bit boring. The party is next :)