a twisted sort indeed to want to take any liberties whatsoever with the emaciated bundle in his arms. What Edward did feel, to an extent that kept surprising him, was not desire of a carnal sort, but rather a really strong protectiveness; an animal sort of willingness to bare his teeth and defend the girl he was holding against any threat-even herself; especially herself. At that moment, the girl in question raised her head and shyly said, her eyes kept carefully on the view of the room beyond his shoulder, "I feel much better now, thank you. I can get down." Edward laughed out loud at how accurately he had assessed the danger. For certain, this girl was her own worst enemy, and up until now, it appeared she had been given free rein to terrorize herself. He stared down at her for a lingering moment, summoning her eyes with the weight of his own gaze, then letting her know with the crook of his brow and the sparkle in his eye, not to mention the grin on his lips, that her reign of terror was officially over. After letting the nonverbals sink in, he added, "I don't think so." Isabella seemed nonplussed; confused. Edward relished the confusion, thinking about how much fun it was going to be to prove to her over and over again that she no longer had any control over her life whatsoever. He waited for the protest. He was not disappointed. "But, I don't need you to carry me," she asserted, trying to sit up in his arms. He didn't let her, and he noted the first little shading of panic in the warm brown of her intelligent eyes. Looking around to find the most comfortable place for him to ride out the upcoming hissy fit, Edward chose the leather sofa that he would be calling a bed that evening. Sitting down on it, and settling Isabella's tense body on his lap again, one side of his hold of her supported by the sofa's arm rest so that he could redirect more muscle power to restraining her, Edward then said, completely calm and matter-of-fact, "You don't get to decide what you need anymore, little girl." The first exclamation was merely surprised. A little faint, hesitant, as if she wasn't sure she had heard correctly, Isabella said, "What? I'm sorry, but, um, what did you say?" Edward laughed again, more deeply. "Oh, you heard me, little girl. I said exactly what you thought I did. And I promise you, I meant every word." Not a second passed before the freak-out happened. First came the attempted roll-and-stand, then when that was thwarted by his iron grip around her, the desperate flailing against his hold. She was so weak that it felt more like the beating of butterfly wings against his arms, and Edward told her so. "You're going to need to fatten up a little, sweetheart, before you'll be able to even move my arm an inch, let alone break out. I recommend you give it up for now before your heart rate gets so high you pass out and I have to hospitalize you." She'd been fighting all through the little speech, until he got to the word, "hospitalize," when she went rigidly still once more. "Please," she whispered, "please don't send me away." Risking the removal of one of his arms because he knew it wasn't that much of a risk, Edward used one hand to stroke down her head and hair again, speaking gently, "I don't want to hospitalize you, Isabella, and even if I have to in order to stabilize you medically, I promise I won't abandon you there, and I know Charlie and the rest of my family won't either." There was silence in response, but Edward felt her body start to relax a little and rewarded her with a quiet, "That's my girl," after which Isabella began to sob. It was silent at first, just a shaking of her body and tears coursing down her face, but soon noises began to escape, little gasps followed by small cries followed by loud cries that broke Edward's heart. Gathering her to his chest, he held her tightly there with one arm while the other hand continued its path, down her head, hair and back, over and over, sometimes lingering against her back and rubbing circles there with the palm of his hand, sometimes breaking a moment to tuck loose hair behind her ear, or wipe tears away. When there was a pause in the crying, Edward looked around for something with which to wipe her face. Coming up empty—the Kleenex box on the bedside table was too far away to be reached, and he didn't judge her ready yet to be moved—he yanked the front of his button-down shirt out from his jeans and unbuttoned from the bottom until he was able to bring one end of it up to reach Isabella's face, which he gently rubbed clean with the material. She startled and then froze at this action, wondering what she should do. He told her. "I know it's asking a lot of you to put your trust in someone you probably don't even remember, Isabella, but that's what I'm asking you to do." He laughed lightly, remembering the sweet and shy six-year-old that his mother had adored, and seeing how little the six-year-old had changed despite the intervening years. "I remember you, though," he said affectionately, giving her hair a small tug at the end of her ponytail. Bella blushed madly at this drug-like attention from a powerful male, the very thing she had been desperately seeking since the start of adolescence without admitting it to herself or anyone else. Her eyes closed tightly in current embarrassment and future fear of the inevitable ending to this unexpected interlude, Bella whispered, "I remember you too," before turning her head and hiding her face once more in the welcoming warmth of Edward's embrace.