wasn't completely new, but it was a feeling that wasn't common. She could only whimper. He leaned close. "Bella, I asked if you liked it," Edward said. "Yes," she whispered. He pushed a finger in softly and slowly. He never stopped the steady motion of his hips. She felt like she was on sensory overload. She gasped. "Does it hurt?" he asked. He was sliding the finger in and out so carefully. Slower than the rhythm of his cock but just as fluidly. "Yes….but its ok," she choked out. "Good." Her body opened to him as he moved. It felt good and forbidden, and she didn't want him to stop. Then he slid out. Completely. She felt the head of his dick nudge the hole where his finger had left. She whimpered. He laid his chest against her back. His cock was nudging at her tight hole ever so slightly. "Is it ok?" he asked softly. "Yes," she panted, both scared and exhilarated. -YNGIMP- Edward's heart pounded in his chest when he heard that affirmation come from her mouth. He nearly finished at just the thought of sliding himself into that tight hole. He moved in slowly, stopping every time her soft cries grew sharper. With one hand, he was guiding himself in. With the other, he softly stoked her clit and occasionally slid a finger in and out of her entrance. She was still dripping wet. She wanted this as much as he did, and that made it that much harder to hold off his release. He worked himself all the way into her and stilled the movement of his cock. He groaned into the soft skin of her neck, and for a couple of moments, he laid there feeling the insane tightness wrapped around him. He didn't stop the motion of his hand. She was whimpering again. And eventually, she was the one who goaded him into sliding in and out so slowly by bucking her hips. Then he was falling over the edge of his control. He was cumming and it felt like an explosion. He couldn't rein in the growling groan that ripped out of his throat. He collapsed on top of her and found himself listening to both of their breaths and hearts slow. "Fucking wow," he muttered. "Umm," was the only response from under him. He took that as seconding his "fucking wow". He pulled out, and she yelped. "Fuck, I'm so sorry!" he cried, dropping back down next to her. He pulled her close and kissed her forehead as she looked at him. "So sorry." She gave him a small smile. "It's ok. Just wasn't expecting," she replied. She was quiet for a moment. It occurred to him this was the moment when he'd typically ease the night's conquest out the door. This was different. He just wanted to sleep. And he wanted to wake up with her next to him. He wanted in her again. "Bathroom?" she asked, pulling him from his thoughts. "Huh?" It was his turn to be startled. "Oh, yeah." -YNGIMP- When Bella came back from the bathroom, she set about finding her clothes. She had sobered up considerably and was quite aware of her nakedness. "Need these?" He was lounging on the bed, wearing his boxer briefs. Her underwear dangled from his index finger. He was smirking again. "Yes, please," she said, walking over to grab them. When she reached for them, he caught her wrist and drew her to him to kiss her. She didn't resist. His mouth felt too good. She figured he would send her on her way soon, but she didn't think just a few more minutes of pretend could hurt. He tossed her skimpy underwear back to the floor and walked over to his dresser. He pulled out a pair of shorts and tossed them to her. "I imagine those'll be more comfortable." He turned to root out a wife beater. "You're not going to take me home?" she asked softly. "Nope." He turned and tossed the shirt to her. She pulled the clothes on without taking her eyes off him. Her head was spinning. "I want you to stay," he said, walking back to the bed and dropping down. "I mean, if you want to." For just a moment, he looked vulnerable. "Um, sure," she agreed. "I want you to stay for a while," he said. She looked at him curiously. "Look, I know you're expecting some bullshit from me. And bullshit is usually what I do, but … God this sounds trite… it's different this time." He was bumbling. He ran his hand through his hair distractedly. "Fuck. I don't know how to say this shit…" "More than sex?" she asked, arching an eyebrow. It was an interesting thought. Having more than sex with Edward sounded very enticing. He smiled. "Yeah, more than sex. I don't know what else, though." He looked a bit sheepish. "Have you ever… more than sex?" Bella asked. He shook his head. "Never wanted to before." She studied him. He really was amazing looking. She thought briefly about everything that led up to that night. He really had been determined to be with her. "Ok, then we'll try more than sex," she said with a smile. She dropped back and snuggled into his pillows. "But let's try sleep now." He smiled as he laid down beside her. He brushed her nipple through the thin cotton of the shirt. "But in the morning, more sex." Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by leaving a review. If you happen to know the author's identity or "think" you do, please do not hint to this in your review, as this can compromise the author's anonymity and lead to disqualification. Add us to author alert to be notified of new stories. Want more info? Find us on Twitter at CPSffContest or visit our Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Facebook page. Public voting: February 21 2016 to March 6 2016.