kill me if she has even a mark on her!" He glared at Edward before standing up all the way and setting the empty glass on the table. The rest flew to the floor. Esme helped Bella stand and the human waved off any concerns from Carlisle and Esme. "I'm fine. He has good aim, and I knew I wouldn't be hurt." She assured them brushing down the wet spot on her jeans from her water before turning to Edward with a look. "I thought baths calmed you?" "It did." Edward sat down in the chair. "So giving me a face full of encyclopedia was calm?" Jacob asked sarcastically. "I saw your face in my house and I lost all calm." "Makes since. He is an asshole." Bella glared at her bestfriend. "Why are you blaming me?" Jacob whined. "Because it's your fault!" Edward hissed. "Alright, both of you." Carlisle stepped between them, giving a look at his son to calm down. "Now, we called you, Jacob, because we need to know why you're making him do this alone." He turned to the young wolf who blinked. "Do what alone?" He asked curiously. "yeah...do what?" Bella asked in a lost fashion. Rosalie rolled her eyes at them. "Raise the baby obviously." She claimed. All three blinked before Jacob turned on Edward. "how could you tell them that?! Now Paul's gonna find out!" He threw the glass at the vampire who sped away from it. "Relax! I don't think they mean Bella...I think they mean me." Edward slowly. Bella blinked. "You're pregnant? Congratulations!" She said happily. Jacob rolled his eyes. She was really an air-head at times. "Bella, he's not pregnant." He told her simply. "Oh. I like babies." She sounded so sad. " You're pregnant, Bella. You're having the baby." Edward informed her helpfully. "Oh...right." Bella remembered. Edward turned to his father with an incredulous look. "Why do you think I'm pregnant, Carlisle?" He asked firmly. "The tests you gave me, son. You barged into my office this morning and told me so." Carlisle informed him. Edward made an 'oh' sound. "You must have misheard me, Carlisle. Bella's pregnant with my child, and Paul wanted to know the second we conceived." He explained. "Hold on a second...a mutt wants you to impregnate his mate?" Emmett asked, jumping into the odd conversation. Edward and Bella nodded. "I'm so confused. So...is Edward pregnant himself or not?" Alice asked sweetly. "I'm not pregnant physically. I said 'I'm' because I consider Bella and myself temporary partners due to the pregnancy." Edward claimed. "Vampires can't get pregnant anyways." He told them with a straight face. All the Cullens didn't tell him that it was definitely possible. Esme jumped in. "but why let you impregnate her, Edward? Why won't he do it himself?" She looked between the human and her son. Bella looked sheepish. "We've tried already, a dozen times even, but I just can't get pregnant with him. He's really fertile, but it was all me. Edward said something about venom and sperm being mixed into a powerful fertilizer, and Paul and I agreed to have Edward get me pregnant so we can have a baby. I'm not very fertile, but I really wanted a baby. Edward was just helping me and Paul get what we wanted." She took blame for the whole shabam. Jacob patted her back. "it's not your fault, Bells. I guess I should take the blame for making Edward tell Carlisle the way he did." "Wait..then why did you text him telling him he was an ass?" Jasper asked Edward who glared at him. "You read my texts?" He hissed. Jasper pointed to Emmett immediately who toed the ground meekly. "Sorry I thought you were pregnant and was looking out for you the way brother does." Emmett apologized. "Apology not accepted; Jacob and I had a fight, and we solved it yesterday when he claimed that Bella was most certainly pregnant." Edward said bluntly. Carlisle intervened, looking so much more relieved and understanding. "I understand now. Were you fearful of the joining not working?" He asked Bella. She nodded. "Yeah. Paul literally threatened his life if I didn't get pregnant the first time, and we had gotten really stressed out when the results came back positive. We thought Paul would carry out his threat if we didn't tell him together tonight." "Then why the hell are you both here?" Rosalie asked them shortly. "You called us." Jacob glared at her. She remembered that but said, "get out! Tell him your pregnant already!" She ordered the human and her brother. Edward rolled his eyes. "Come on, Bella. Let's go tell Paul the good news." he said. Jacob and Bella followed to the car and Bella sat up front while Edward quickly reversed the car and sped away from the house. Jacob looked at Edward. "Dd they buy it?" He asked hopefully. He nodded, and the other two sighed in relief. "They bought it." Bella turned her eyes to him and asked, "what happens when they see you grow and I don't?" She sounded very curious. He shrugged. "I make Jacob flee the country, and away from Emmett's and Jasper's hands for lying to their faces. Jacob hummed. "Should we tell Paul about this?" He turned his eyes to Bella and referred to using her as a pregnancy saver, and using Edward as the father, "Probably not." Bella giggled. "He hates Edward as is. He would kill him if he played along to my saying I'm worthless in making children when I have one at home already." Edward and Jacob bursted out laughing and continued driving down the road to speed to the La Push boarder and get the human and the wolf back to safety and away from vampires before they discovered that they didn't hear a heartbeat from Bella's womb, but instead from Edward's newly grown womb. Just to remind people: These stories are on Col. Rage's profile now! Enjoy 'em!