him going from almost crying to wanting to tell me a joke. I could only shrug my shoulders. "Do you know what legends say the jack-o'-lantern symbolizes?" "No." My voice was but a whisper, my throat tight with tears. "A lost soul." His lips quirked. "Children carried them on All Hallow's Eve to represent the souls of their lost loved ones." The pumpkin grinned at both of us. "I can relate to this guy. Because I feel like the day you ran from me, the day I betrayed you, mine was ripped from me." I gasped, because I understood exactly what he meant. There had been a hole in my chest ever since. "I can't breathe without you, Bella. It's like I've barely existed, just doing what it took to get through." His eyes wandered over my face. "Is there any hope, that sometime in the future, possibly, you might give us another chance?" A tear ran down my cheek, followed by another and another. "Oh, God. I'm sorry." He began moving toward the door. "I've asked for too much. Baby, please, don't cry. I'll leave." One thing he'd said stood out above it all. I did know him, like I knew myself. His awkwardness—I'd always known it was just the outer expression of his insecurities. But had I really considered what it meant for him to be so shy? What it had taken for him to go to college and be surrounded by people he didn't know? No, it didn't excuse what had happened, but did I really believe Edward was a serial cheater like my mom? Did I really think that, at his core, he was insincere in his affections for me, like my mom had been to all the men she'd been involved with? The answer lay in the way he was trying to leave, to stop the hurt he thought his request had brought me. It was in the way he'd designed the home I would live in, having spent many hours paying attention to what I wanted and making sure it would work with the existing structure. The way he volunteered to do stuff at the main house, and the way he shuffled uncomfortably as the guys made derogatory jokes. Was I going to let one bad decision ruin it all, contrary to all I knew about him? His hand was on the door knob before I could speak. "Edward, wait." He froze, and it took a moment for him to turn back. "Would you like to stay for a piece of pie and coffee?" To say he looked stunned would be an understatement. Moving slowly back, Edward pulled out one of the chairs, placing his long hands together on top of the table when he sat. "I'd love to." I put on the coffee before I pulled the pie out of the refrigerator. Before I lost my nerve, I approached him, upending it all over his head. Shocked, his eyes looked like saucers as the pumpkin filling dripped down his face. Pointing to the grinning jack-o'-lantern, I said, "Lost soul." To the pumpkin dripping down his face like homage to our battles in the past, I shrugged and said, "Humble pie. Maybe it'll wash away your cooties." The green of his eyes twinkled even as a particularly large piece of filling fell from his hair to his shoulders. "Don't ever do that to me again, Edward Cullen. I wouldn't survive." He gently reached over to where my fingers gripped the table tightly. Brushing only the pad of this thumb across the back of my hand, he solemnly swore, "I promise." One year later … The unofficial opening of the new bed and breakfast had gone amazingly. With Edward's help, I'd been able to decorate for the company's annual Halloween Bash. Across the lawn, tents spread out over the grass, heaters making the cool air under them bearable. Men and women in outlandish costumes littered the area, and laughter sounded from every angle. We were dressed as Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy from Pride and Prejudice , much to Edward's chagrin. I'd initially threatened him with a pumpkin costume, so he'd finally caved. It was nearing midnight, and my part was finally done. The catering crew would ensure the rest of the food was put out, and security was in charge of getting all the partiers safely home. Leaning against one of the bannisters of my new home and looking out toward Lake Washington, I marveled at how much my life had changed in the last year. Edward had left me to sort out a problem with one of the displays earlier, so I jumped a mile when his arm wrapped around my waist. "You know, I just realized this is the first year we've been together that we almost let our tradition slip." "Huh?" I asked, fatigue making me slow to understand. He stepped closer, hugging me so my back rested against his chest. "It would be bad luck for us to miss our pumpkin time," he said, slipping one of the cupcakes I'd decorated before me. I fully expected him to smash it in my face. When he held so very still, my attention was caught by a sparkle. Shoved into the orange and green icing was a small marquise-cut diamond ring. "It's not much, and certainly not what I would've liked to give you, but I couldn't wait any longer." He took a deep breath against my back. "Be my partner in crime forever. Marry me." Turning slowly in his arms, I gazed up into his soft green eyes before nodding. The noises of the couples, servers, and even the lake faded into the background as he kissed me. Something shifted inside my chest, like that hole I'd always envisioned was being healed. But no. It wasn't my heart that had been missing; it was my soul. And Edward had finally returned it to me. ~Lost Souls~ Would love to know your thoughts!