the little oval kitchen window. I didn't even care about my half-frosted cake, probably melting off onto the counter by now. Didn't care that my miniature strawberry pies would probably burn in the oven in about two and half minutes. Didn't care that the panna cottas I'd put in the blast chiller to set would be frozen solid by now. I untied my apron and threw it on an empty chair as Edward opened the front doors for me, the dim light of evening wrenching through the darkened interior. I stepped outside into the cool, evening air of Paris and felt another fresh wave of despair. I wondered where we were going, but didn't care much about the destination as long as I spent the journey with him. I hoped he would take me to the Eiffel Tower. To the Arc de Triomphe. To the Louvre. I hoped he'd take me to the Luxembourg Gardens, or to Versailles, or back to the Les Deux Magot, anywhere but here. I'd been in Paris for six months and still hadn't found the time to be a proper tourist, to see the things every person was required to witness when they visited. I'd failed this city, made a mockery of its highlights, all because I was chasing dreams of almonds and butter and confectioners' sugar. Edward brought me to a halt as the doors closed behind us, the sky darkening as the streetlights started to come on. He pulled me close, my fingers finding the lapels of his suit, and our toes kissing behind our shoes. "If you could stay here, would you?" he asked, hopeful. "If you had a job that made you happy, would you stay?" "In a heartbeat," I answered truthfully, gripping him tighter. Maybe, if I held on tight enough, I could take him with me. Maybe, if I didn't let go, I could convince him to follow me home. "Well," he spoke, soft but pointed, reaching out an arm to shove that stupid, boring, silver, nothing-special key smoothly into the slot in the double red doors at the front of the building, "now you can." I stared at the lock, the key sprouting out of the flat panel. Blinked at it. Blinked again. "What is happening?" I whispered. "I signed the paperwork this morning. Everything is final." "It was you? You bought it?" When I finally wrenched my eyes off that now very special key still in the lock, Edward was in full-on smile mode. That grin I loved, devious as if he'd done something on purpose just to surprise me, spread thick and full across his mouth. His eyes were sparkling and his hands were tight around my waist, and I was shifting slowly from full-on despair to outright joy. The sour stomach was lifting, my heart started to beat a little faster, and my head was spinning like a million mile an hour carousel. "In a way. I only eat food; I have no interest in making it." He winked at me. "I'm technically the owner; provider of financials, if you will. However, I am gifting it to someone who can take care of it. Properly." "Bélissent will be pleased." I smiled up at him, ready to cry all over again. Edward only shook his head at me. "You truly are one of the most naive people I have ever met." "Please don't tell me you're giving it to Marcel." Edward laughed out loud, still shaking his head in amazement. " You . I'm signing it over to you." All of the air drained out of my body. My heart stopped beating entirely for three seconds. My lips trembled and my heart was fluttery and my stomach was full of birds. There were white spots in my vision and my feet had gone strangely numb. I was fairly certain I was going to faint. I grasped the lapels of his suit harder with both hands and gulped at the air as if I was just pulled from the middle of the ocean without a life vest. "Breathe, Lolita," Edward chided, pulling me closer. "This can't be happening." "It can, actually. I'm making it happen." Edward bent to look me directly in the face, his eyes meeting mine, intense and solemn as he spoke. "I want you to stay. I need you to stay." I wanted to kiss him forever. Wanted to drag him home right here and now, thank him with my mouth and my hands and my eyes. I wanted to tell him that I might love him, that I probably did love him, that he made me do exactly what he said he would when he told me I would fall over him. I wanted to let him kiss my mouth and adore my body and groan over my desserts every single day for the rest of my life. "You just want me to make you cakes every day," I whispered, eyes welling up again. "Although that will be a small side benefit, that's not what I want," he declared with a chuckle. "What do you want?" "Simple things, really. You. In Paris. In my bed. The windows open. The stars. No clothes." Edward shrugged. "But you only have to promise me one thing." "What is that?" "To never love anyone else but me." His serious face broke back into that devious, knowing grin once more. "And that you'll let me fuck you in the back office anytime I want you." FINI Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by leaving a review. If you happen to know the author's identity or "think" you do, please do not hint to this in your review, as this can compromise the author's anonymity and lead to disqualification. Add us to author alert to be notified of new stories. Want more info? Find us on Twitter at CPSffContest or visit our Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Facebook page. Public voting: February 21 2016 to March 6 2016.