long and arduous kiss from him, I realize that in my lust induced haze, he has somehow moved me to the bed so that now I'm lying on my back without a stitch of cloth on me. He doesn't look away from me as he undresses himself, letting me revel at the sight of him. Once all of his clothes are in a heap next to mine, he crawls up my body ... dropping kisses as he goes. He stops in his ascend when he reaches my stomach. As if on a whim, he drops a kiss on my left hipbone and then one on my right. Before I can realize where he's headed, his lips press just above my clit, making me gasp in surprise. That's when he looks up at me; lying between my legs with his face pressed to the most intimate part of my body, he looks at me with questioning eyes. "Haven't been touched here for some time, have you?" Closing my eyes, I shake my head. "No," I answer. "It's been quite some time." "Don't worry, sweetheart, I'm here now. I always take care of what's mine." I don't get to respond to his words though because the next thing I know, his mouth is on me—kissing me, sucking me, licking me in all the ways he used to before he left me. He makes me climax with his fingers and mouth—the earth shattering, toe curling type of climax. Before I can fully come back down from my high, I feel him hot and hard at my entrance, stroking me with his cock, but never entering. "Please," the word comes out of my mouth in a plea. Looking down, I see him running it along my pussy lips. Just a little bit more, I implore him in my mind. "What, Bella?" he asks me, his eyes on my face. "What do you want?" "You." My answer is effortless, almost like a reflexive action. "Me?" he scoffs. "You had me, Bella, and then you didn't want me." "No ..." He starts to shake his head, cutting me off yet again. "Wrong answer, Ms. Swan. Try again." I can't take it anymore and the words burst out of me. "It's Cullen." His eyebrows pull together in a frown. "What?" "My name," I say, pulling on the bedsheets to cover myself as I sit up. "It's not Swan. It's Cullen now." "What are you saying?" "What I'm saying is," I pause to take a deep breath and then utter the words I have dreamt of saying to him. "I'm Isabella Cullen now. These last two years, I've lived as Isabella Cullen, widow of Captain Edward Cullen of the U.S. Navy." "You mean that …?" A deep frown takes over his full lips then. "Yes." I respond with a nod. "I'm yours, Edward. Always." My whispered words seem to make him wake up from a haze, and suddenly, he's kissing me, pulling me to his chest and touching me wherever he can. My arms and legs lock around him as if trying to hold him to where he rightfully belongs—in my arms. He doesn't taunt me this time though. In a smooth stroke he enters me making me feel complete after two years of loneliness. As he moves in and out of me, our hands reach for each other, desperate to familiarize ourselves with our perfect counterparts. He buries his face in my hair and with each thrust murmurs something unintelligible. First, I think it's a groan of satisfaction, but then, as his breath quickens, the sound becomes louder, and I feel my heart clench at his words. He keeps up a string of murmurs of "You're mine. My Bella. My wife. Mine. Mine. Mine," as he moves inside me, making love to me like a starving man has been served a banquet. Once we're spent and lying in each other's arms, he slowly pulls me away from his chest to look at me. "Why did you leave our home, Bella?" "Because I thought you were dead." Bitterness leaches out of my heart as I recall those horrible days of confusion and heartbreak. "What could I do, Edward? Dad showed me a letter from the Navy saying that you ..." I stop and shake my head, not wanting to utter those dreadful words ever again. "... that you were MIA, and I couldn't live in that house without you. Everything in that place reminded me of you, Edward. So, tell me what did I do wrong?" "Why did you react that way when you saw me today?" His question makes me look away from him, afraid that he'll think of me as a silly girl. "Because it felt a lot like one of my usual nightmares," I mumble. "I still dreamed about you every night." The corners of his mouth pull down at my confession. "You thought I was a nightmare?" Shaking my head, I correct him. "Not you, our circumstances. When I wake up every morning to find that you're gone, the dreams turn into nightmares." He pulls me back to his chest, kissing me hard before saying, "I'm not going anywhere, baby. I'll be right here with you. You're mine." "Forever," I promise. ~.~.~ Just before falling asleep in his arms, I feel Edward drop a kiss to my forehead, and he whispers, "Charlie Swan, you tried to take away the girl I love. You better watch your back. Edward Cullen doesn't forgive easily." Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by leaving a review. If you happen to know the author's identity or "think" you do, please do not hint to this in your review, as this can compromise the author's anonymity and lead to disqualification. Add us to author alert to be notified of new stories. Want more info? Find us on Twitter at CPSffContest or visit our Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Facebook page. Public voting: February 21 2016 to March 6 2016.