that was building, but it seemed like the baby couldn't. I raised my hand for the teacher, and he saw. ''Yes, Bella?'' He asked with some worry. ''Can I be excused, please?'' I pleaded and held back that sick feeling from escaping. Mr. Banner nodded quickly, and I didn't wait for an answer as I fled the room without my back pack for the bathroom to be sick in. I left the bathroom after like ten minutes or so. The sick feeling was gone, but I still felt queasy in a sense. When I came out of the bathroom I saw Edward Cullen leaning against the lockers with my back pack in his hands. ''You left your back pack, and you're excused from class for the nurse to look you over.'' Edward said smoothly and half-hypnotically. ''It-it's just sickness from the baby. It's expected.'' I stuttered out in a not-so-me fashion. Edward smirked crookedly, and it almost stopped my heart. ''We're not expected back in class, so you might as well go to the nurse anyway. He has some medication for sickness I'm sure, and it should be safe for your baby.'' Edward told me and pushed himself off the lockers to lead the way to the nurse's office. I noticed he didn't give me my bag, and it didn't look like he was giving me a choice in this matter. ''I can carry my bag.'' I told him. I looked over to the smirking face of the Cullen. ''It's fine. Your back hurts, doesn't it? You don't want to strain yourself or the baby.'' I wondered how he knew my back hurt, but then again; his father was Carlisle Cullen right? ''Your dad is Carlisle Cullen right?'' I asked from my thoughts. Edward nodded with a raised eyebrow. I nodded. ''He's supposed to be my new primary doctor for my pregnancy.'' I said to myself mainly. ''Aah. He's a fantastic doctor, and will care wonderfully for you and your baby, I'm positive.'' ''I'm sure he will.'' I said honestly and we made it to the nurse. He held the door open for me, and the nurse took one look at me and forced me to sit on the bed so she could take my blood pressure. ''How far along are you?'' The nurse asked as he took my pulse. ''About twelve weeks.'' I said. He hummed to himself as he looked to the machine for my blood pressure. ''Alright. Your blood pressures a little high. ''Should she go to the hospital?'' Edward asked from his corner of the room. He was standing with his arms folded as he looked on to me and the nurse. The nurse hummed again as he re-did the test. ''I think she can avoid going in. Do you have blood pressure machine at home, Bella?'' He asked me and turned to me. I nodded. ''My dad bought it when I came down a few days ago as a 'just in case'.'' He nodded and took. ''Well, I want you to take your pressure later today as I'm sending you home to rest. If it gets higher than it is now; go into the hospital for a check-up.'' I grew worried. ''is she okay?'' I asked softly. The nurse smiled softly. ''She's just fine. I think she's just upset right now, and I don't want her too upset. The baby will effect you a whole lot due to your small size.'' I let out a breath of relief and nodded. I agreed to everything. Edward had helped me down off the bed and out of the room after the nurse gave me a note to go home on bed rest. I had stopped by the gym to tell the coach that I was leaving, and he signed the slip for me so I didn't have to have it done tomorrow. I had given the notes to Mrs. Cope who had said she was calling dad to let him know. Edward had followed me the whole time contently. He seemed to just enjoy following me around. I didn't complain. It felt nice to be near him for some reason. In the parking lot, Edward walked me over to my van and handed me a paper with a number on it. ''This is Alice's number. I know she'll want to talk to you sometime. She's quite taken to you already.'' Edward said with a crooked grin. I pocketed the paper and took one from my van and wrote my number on it for Edward. ''She can text whenever she wants. I always answer my phone. You can give it to Emmett as well. I had fun talking to him as well.'' I said truthfully. Edward looked at the number and put it in his own pocket. ''Do you mind if I save it in my phone as well?'' He smirked. ''Not at all.'' I told him honestly and a little too quickly. ''Wonderful. Drive safe, and relax for the baby's sake.'' I said goodbye and climbed in my van to drive away back home. I had every intention of sleeping when I entered the quiet house and I plopped myself on my soft bed carefully. The baby was doing flips inside my belly, and it felt terrible. I took off my shoes and dresses in my pajamas to be comfortable under the blankets. I dozed off pretty quick and the baby relaxed with me; thankful for the rest I was providing her. Hope everyone enjoys it! Remember that there is a REVISED This Little Love, but it isn't on this page currently. So far we're transitioning completed stories onto the page, but I will post the chapters for you of the revised TLL when we have a chapter coming soon. Sadly, it isn't yet. So far we're trying to get GATS updated next. A lot of people have been waiting for that one, and right now, the new chapter is almost done. Anyway, hope you enjoy. Review!