eyes around the others before I have to start. "You were so deeply asleep, when I kissed you goodbye…" The song does need a female voice since most of the lyrics are based on Bella's words, but the chorus should be mine. I can't look at Bella because she is the only one who will know and, when the chorus starts, I join Rose, singing a harmony. She looks over and we connect as we sing together, something we haven't done for many years. When I do look at Bella, she's wiping her eyes and I wonder how she feels about this. Rose and I sing the final chorus and smile at each other as the audience erupts. As we leave the stage, Rose puts her arm around me and kisses my cheek, saying we have to record the song. "Settle down," I tell her, still reeling. "So, good surprise?" Carlisle asks as he hands me a whiskey. Esme joins him and hugs him tight. I nod my head, struggling with an answer. The others all seem to have something to contribute to the explanation. At Garrett's suggestion, they practiced while I was away performing and, when Rose dropped in one day, she and Emmett hit it off. It was Carlisle's idea to perform the song, saying he liked it right from the start. Bella is quiet, listening to everything intently, just as I am. "Is she a real girl?" Esme enquires, not knowing she's putting me on the spot. "Yeah," I answer, without even glancing at Bella. "A girlfriend? I don't think so," Alice adds, cracking up. She's had a little too much champagne as well. "Who'd have him?" "I'd have him." We all turn to Bella who's looking directly at me. "Bella?" Garrett chastises her, trying to rein her in. "I think he's amazing." There's no doubt in her eyes that she means it. "Stop it Bella." Just as this is getting interesting, we get the call to go back on stage. She runs her hand from my shoulder to my neck. "Maybe it would good for his career to have a young girlfriend," and then she leaves, heading for the back of the room. "I'm sorry, Edward. She's very headstrong," Garrett apologizes, charging off after her. Yeah, and she's good at manipulating, so watch out. During the set, Bella and Garrett are arguing at the bar. I want to scream at him to leave her alone, or at least take their fight elsewhere, because it's effecting my concentration. Kate fetches him back to his seat but he starts up with her again as we're finishing. Jasper gets in before me, leaving the stage and storming up to them. "Did you have to do that while we were playing?" I follow, never having seen his angry side before. "Bella has a little crush on Edward," I hear Garrett offer, as if it somehow excuses his behavior, and she is fuming. "He's too old for you," he adds, and starts to walk away as if he's had the final say. "Hey, your father is more than ten years older than your mother." He swings around, defiantly. "That's different. His first wife died." "Well my dad is seven years older than Mom, and do we want to discuss how come she had me when she was twenty-one? Kate is five years younger than you, or is it six? So what is the correct number? Which is the one that adds up for you?" Rose steps in between them, holding her hands up in a cease-fire gesture, but they both glare at her, ready to continue. "Brad and Angelina are eleven years apart. JFK and Jackie were twelve years. Elvis and Priscilla ten. Humphrey Bogart was twenty-five years older than Lauren Bacall. JayZ and Beyoncé have a twelve-year difference. Who else? George Clooney just got married finally and his wife is 17 years younger. It means nothing. They're all just more numbers." "You've been researching this little speech, Isabella." He looks at her smugly, foolishly believing he is about to win the argument. "Maybe I have," she seethes. "But you knew I had a teenage crush on him when you gave me all those tickets to his shows. How many times did you come to our house and talk about nothing else but Edward's standing ovations and sellout concerts. You showed me photos of him in nothing but boxers!" When I look at Rose, she shrugs in confirmation. I shake my head, but I can't miss a second of this. "Why wouldn't I show him off? I'm his agent and I'm proud of him." "So let me get this straight, Uncle Garrett. The man you've represented for the last ten years, the one you're so proud of, the one you always encourage all the family to come and see perform, is not… actually good enough for your family." Her eyes narrow as if she's ready for him, diabolically brilliant. God help me if I ever cross her. "I'm not saying that at all, and you know it. He's just too old for you." She looks down and nods, letting out a big sigh of defeat, but no one notices the way her eyes flash at me before she speaks again. "Well would it be okay if I ask Edward to take me on one date, just to get him out of my system?" She looks at me sweetly, and then back at Garrett. "You know I've nearly finished my exams and I'm moving away in a couple of weeks, so it's not like we'd ever meet again." Garrett wavers with his response and his brother intervenes. "Come on Bella, we have to leave." I can't stand it any longer. "For Christ sake, Garrett! Of course I'll take you on a date, Bella. It would be my pleasure." When Garrett shrugs, she squeals, throwing her arms around my neck, and whispers in my ear, "Mmm, definitely." Oh my God, this girl …