work, wondering if I can shock him into losing the cockiness. "Fifteen hundred." "Done." He looks at me seriously. Maybe he's testing me. "I'll transfer it now if you have a laptop, or you could deliver it to me…personally." Now I'm intrigued. I've met his breed many times before, but he doesn't realize the world I've lived in. I could put him in his place before he can ooze another drop of arrogance. "Where would I be delivering it to?" I ask casually. "New York." I cock up an eyebrow. "Oh, that's where I come from." For a moment, I wonder what I've let into my house and then decide I'm being paranoid. He's no reporter. "Really? My place is in Brooklyn." "Your parents' place?" He smirks at me and then narrows his eyes. "No. How old do you think I am?" Looking him over, enjoying the freedom to do so, I make him wait for my answer. "You haven't had your cookie, yet." "I got side-tracked. How old?" He leans forward, melting me with those incredible eyes. They're slightly green inside my house. Tilting my head, I look at him closely. He's got vacation scruff but it's not what I'd call a full beard. "Twenty-four?" "Terrible, try harder." He's fixing his lips in place, trying to stop a laugh from bursting forth. Giggling, I make another wild guess. "Twenty-five?" "Twenty-eight. I know absolutely I don't look that young." This is good information. He's not that young after all and suddenly I feel terrible for the "your parents' place" comment. "And you?" "Your turn to guess." He scratches through his scruff, making me wait for his answer this time. "Do I need to know? No matter what I say will be wrong." He's right because if he says thirty-five or older I'll be mortified when I'm only thirty-one. I shake my head and smile at him, offering him a cookie from the plate, which he finally takes and bites into. There's something about him that cuts through my bullshit bitchiness, like it would be impossible to intimidate him. I like him already. "Well I guess we should be going. I really didn't mean to wake you up," he says, picking up the two mugs. I put my hand out to take them and stop him from leaving. "You don't have to go. Another coffee?" "Don't you have to paint or something?" "Oh God, I have this painting that's killing me. I never want to start something new until I sort it out, but I'm blocked." "Do you want to show it to me?" Even the thought of bringing it out is horrendous. It looks more like the underworld every day. "Um… Yeah, why not." Retrieving it, I lean it against the wall and wait for his reaction. He doesn't seem horrified. He carefully looks at it and says matter-of-factly, "It needs light." I look at the painting and then at him. "That's the problem. Every time I start to paint the sunrise into it, something holds me back." "I didn't mean that sort of light. I should have said lights. It's a nighttime scene to me. It needs the moon or a fishing boat on the horizon to shine over the ocean. Then you could bring more detail into the waves and even the sand. What about stars?" It's so obvious I missed it. Of course, it's still nighttime. I can see exactly what he sees. It's story would emerge without a hint of a sunrise. "How did you do that when you only looked at it for a minute? I've literally been staring at it for months." He shrugs and doesn't answer, not knowing what an inspiration he is, and I feel the excitement growing. I throw my arms around his neck, hug him without thinking, and then step back, shocked at my startling behavior. He smiles and asks, "You got anything else you need an opinion on?" and we both burst into laughter. "No, but now I'm itching to get started. Would you… Would you like to come back later, for dinner? I'll cook." He smiles and answers, "Sure," like the sound of a home cooked meal is very appealing. As soon as he leaves, I give Tiger his chicken wing and unlatch the doggie door. I'm ready to tackle my nemesis with new-found enthusiasm. Two hours later, I look critically at what I've done. It did come to life easily with highlights of gold and gray, hinting at shadows beneath. As I pinpoint the canvas with bright white sparkles, I see I've achieved it by thinking about him, the color of his eyes and his hair. For this particular piece, he's my muse, in every way. At six, classical music is softly playing, the house is immaculate and the dinner warming when I hear his voice out the front. A quick glance at the finished painting makes me smile, and it's all meant for him. "Hey," I say, trying to hide the excitement in my voice as I see him. "Ahh, my kids want to know if your kid wants to play," he says casually, looking down at his two dogs who are sitting at attention for once. Very impressed, I laugh, pointing him towards the back gate again. "I'll see you round the back." "Behave." The sound of him chastising the dogs in frustration makes me giggle. I don't think either of them are much past the puppy stage. I'm still laughing when I open the back door and let him in. He hands me a bag with two bottles of wine, and then leans down to latch the doggie door. "I wasn't sure if you wanted red or white." "Thank you." I say, taking them from him. "I'm Bella, by the way." "Yeah?" he asks, looking over my face. "I'm Edward." ~ xxx ~ Three dogs - a chapter for each, Blue. I know you don't like to WIP, so here are the next two.