fate had not allowed it. That she was here now could only be a miracle. Edward felt her tremble and realized she mostly likely couldn't stand. Looking to the chair and the arched brows of her friend, he couldn't fathom letting go of her or confining her to the metal after her show of strength. Still holding her, he took the steps to the altar, catching the pleased look in the Native American man's eyes. "What are you doing?" Bella whispered, her arms going around Edward's neck. He smiled, gleefully when he heard her catch her breath. A second later, the microphone had been turned sideways, and Edward shifted the tiny woman in his arms, nodding toward the electronic device. "Tell them what you came to say," he said softly. "I forgot my speech when I had to sneak out." A blush stained her cheeks. "Then speak from your heart." Bella's eye widened before Edward saw the steel reserve inside her take control. Here was Major Swan, leader of a group and men and women who'd no doubt seen more horror than Edward could imagine. She appeared to draw from that strength, and those who had stood sat as Bella collected her thoughts. Edward didn't imagine she'd last long, her honoring of Jamie taking its toll. "We are here today to celebrate the life of Jamie Cullen." She grinned as a shout of joy went up from all over, men and women pounding their feet on the floor in agreement. The noise was thunderous, filling the room with energy. Laughter shook Bella's frail body. "Jamie was a rascal." Emmett hooted on that one, sending out a "Preach it, sister." "He was a daredevil." Edward's mother's face cracked, a large smile smoothing her grief-stricken features as Carlisle hugged her. "He was a man." Jasper snickered even as Edward stiffened. Bella glanced up to Edward softly shaking her head. He relaxed only when she winked at him. "But most of all, he was my friend and an airman." Chants of "Huh, huh, huh, huh" resounded at her words. "I'd never met a cockier son of a . . ." she paused, looking over to the priest as another delicate blush graced her cheeks " . . . gun in my life." The priest's lips twitched. Edward grinned, as well. That was his brother Jamie. Assured of his place in life. "But what I quickly learned, as I helped smooth some of those edges . . ." laughter broke out " . . . was that he was a man with a heart of gold." Bella looked to Carlisle and Esme. "He loved his family with a grace beyond compare. He loved his job like a crazy person, and he loved his country and the ideals under which he served." The atmosphere had grown quiet. Not silent – not somber –as if it was the lull before the explosion. "Much of what I knew about Jamie I can never share, not because of any need for secrecy, but because it would be difficult honor such a man with mere words. I spent months in hell with him. Months in which we shared our lives with one another in hopes that if one of us survived, we would remember, and by doing so become a part of each other. Jamie would say I saved his life, but I would disagree. He saved mine." Bella's eyes darkened, making Edward freeze in fear of what had happened. Her limbs stiffened slightly before she took a deep breath in a way Edward recognized as a coached relaxation technique. "Honor does not call for you to be the cockiest. It does not call for you to be the strongest. If wise, it feeds on fear, because fear is sometimes all you have left. Sometimes, honor is when all you can do is hold someone's hand." Tears began rolling down her face, her breath becoming labored. "It isn't about being the best man or woman. It is about being the best man or woman you can be with what you have." Major Swan rested for a moment then attempted to speak several times only to stop. Edward was ready to step down, to give her a break, but something inside him told him to stay put. Weakness was not something Isabella "Bella" Swan appeared to entertain. "There is no way to truly capture the essence of a man like Jamie. In conclusion, I guess there is only one thing to say that would honor him." Her voice had grown tired, and she lay in Edward's arms as fragile as a china doll. A gentle smile curved her lips before she weakly shouted, "Aim High!" Pandemonium echoed through the cathedral as service men and women rose, shouts of "Ooh Rah!" and "Hoorah!" joining her battle cry. Firefighters from across the city stood, adding their company's chants, and even the police officers shouted out words that Edward couldn't decipher. His family had joined the revelers, chanting God only knows what. The sounds bounced along the high ceilings and walls, merging into a melody that gave life to the human spirit and banished the grief that had tried to destroy them. This spirit, this human spirit, was something no evil could ever defeat. Aim High, Edward thought, ignoring everyone and everything to satisfy his soul's craving. He leaned down to connect his lips to the woman's in his arms. Reality froze him just before they connected, fearful of the dark shadows he'd seen and what they could mean. Bella gasped. Eyes wide, a glimmer of hope shimmering there, she brought her fingertips to Edward's lips, connecting them. Jamie, did you know what you were doing? Edward wondered then smirked against Bella's fingers as he found the answer. Aim High indeed. ~Honor~ AN – I originally wrote this as a true one-shot. Not really sure if there is any interest in it continuing, so I'll guess I'll let any reviews give me guidance.