got me when I was nine is gone. The vase Anthony was enamored with earlier this afternoon is gone. We came home in just enough time to see FBI agents taking pictures of the gigantic painting on our wall. "Alright," the woman says, putting the camera back in its bag. "Take it down," she orders. I watch as five men take the portrait from the wall and carry out into the hall. Mom and I sit on the couch as I sit and wonder what the fuck is going on. "Do you know what a fencer is?" Mom asks. "No," I shake my head. "It's okay," she sighs. "I didn't until last week." "Mom," I feel my chest tightening up. "Let's say someone steal something…something important," she starts. "They can't sell it by normal means because they'll get caught. So, they hire a fence. The fence buys the stolen good at a low price from the thieves and sells it on the black market for a profit." "They think Daddy is a fence?" I ask. They were wrong. My father wasn't a common criminal. "Your father was a thief and a fence," she starts giggling, as tears roll out of her eyes. "You know him. He was always trying to cut out the middle man." "You believe them?" "That painting was a Jackson Pollock that was worth 15 million dollars," she points to the empty spot on the wall. "The vase I put my flowers in belonged to the last Czar of Russia," she laughs. "No," I shake my head profusely. I refuse to believe that about him. "I love your father," she takes my head in her hands. "He's a great husband and an outstanding father but he's a criminal," she cries with me. "He needs to pay for what he did." "I don't believe it," I get up. "I can't believe you sold him out without even talking to him." "I did what I had to do," her voice cracks. "It kills me…" "Whatever," I run to my room. I shut the door behind me to find the latest Bella Bee creation sitting on my desk. In anger, I grab it and throw it against the rest of the books my father drew for me. I was angry. I wanted to scream, shout, and break things. Worst of all, I wanted my Daddy. "You can stay at my house," I hear Kate from the other side of my door. "My parents won't mind. It has to be a little weird." "Bella, honey, talk to me." "Go away," I struggle. "I want to be alone." "I get it," Kate sighs. "The offer still stands," she says. I just stare at the ceiling and cry in peace. It wasn't until I heard a faint tapping on my window that I acknowledged the outside world. I wipe my eyes to see my father. His outfit is in disarray and his shoes are missing. He's carrying a briefcase. He looks ten years older. How can a man age so much in a matter of hours? "Bella?" he whispers, tapping the door. "D…" "Shhh," he puts his hand over his mouth. "Come outside," I see him mouth. "Da…" "I don't have a lot of time," he says softly through the door. "Okay," I grab my jacket and follow him onto the terrace. We're in the penthouse of the building so we don't have to climb far to get to the roof top. "Dad, what's going on?" I ask. He's the only person I trust to tell me the truth. "I'm so sorry, kiddo," he hugs me close. "This is all my fault." "They're saying horrible things about you," I say in his hear. "I don't believe them." He doesn't say anything. He just stares at me. For the first time in my life I saw my father cry. "Tell me it's not true." Tell me you're not a criminal. Tell me you don't steal for a living. Be the man I thought you were. "I can't," he shakes his head. "No," I back away. "No. No. No." "Bella, listen to me. I don't have a lot of time," he starts. "I know you're pissed. You have every right to be. You have every right to be pissed. You have every right to be ashamed of me because I'm ashamed of me," he pauses. I hear the sound of police sirens. "You are the best part of me. I meant what I said today. You're going to do great things. Promise me something," he looks me in the eye. I nod. "Promise that you'll reach your full potential. Don't let anyone lead you astray. Don't let anyone tell you that you aren't worthy of what you want. Please…please don't screw your life up trying to get back at me. Be better than me. Okay." "Uh huh," I promise, my eyes filling up with tears. "Don't settle. Never settle…not in life…never ever in love. You deserve the world. Got that?" "Uh huh." "Tell your mother that I'm not mad at her," he stuffs stacks of money from the suitcase in his jacket and pockets. "I'll always love her no matter what," I see him strap something around his body. "Uh huh," I nod again, tears streaming down my face. "Bella?" "Yeah?" "When you think about me, don't think of this," he motions to the scenario happening around us. "Think of Fenway. Okay? We'll always have that. I want you to go every year. Have a beer for me," tears fall, as he tries to laugh. The sound of the sirens is getting closer. The dark night is quickly becoming illuminated with red and blue police lights. "Right behind home plate," I nod my head. "Save me a seat," he kisses my forehead, before falling off the roof. "Daaaaaad!" my heart stops, just before he starts flying through the Boston skyline and I see a parachute open. That was the last time I saw my father.