got me twisted up inside and it's fucking with my head." He laughed, looking over to where Crimson sat. "The best one's always do, son." I nodded, bringing the bottle to my mouth again before speaking. "I was right, the leak was in Garrett's crew, he had no clue who it was, but with the right incentives he was easily found and dealt with." I waved the bottle around. "Fucker was a low level gofer, pissed that he hadn't ranked up. He thought he'd chance it with the feds, apparently they were investigating him for a robbery. He made a deal and the rest is history." I leaned back and grabbed a smoke, lighting it up and taking a deep pull. "Where is he now?" My father asked. "Buried in the desert," I laughed. "You should have heard the rat bastard cry when I removed his tongue, music to my ears." I grinned at him and he shook his head. "Sometimes your thirst for blood scares me son." I nodded. I knew that, but I am what I am. Just as I opened my mouth to speak, he cursed, looking behind me. I turned to see what had his attention and saw red. Some fucker was was grabbing at my Crimson. She was shaking her head, trying to move away, but was stuck between the wall and the dead motherfucker. I was up out of my seat in a flash, I didn't hear or see anything, I had tunnel vision on the fucker. I punched him, knocking him to the floor, but before he had a chance to get a word out my foot made contact with his body. "She's mine, you slack-assed, motherfucker." I kicked him in the head. "Bitch-ass, punk thinks he can touch what's mine." Another kick and I heard him groan from the pain. Hands grabbed me, pulling me away, the red haze lifting. I saw Crimson stood still against the wall. I broke free from whoever was holding me back and held my hand out towards her. "Come on baby." She grabbed my hand and I dragged her back to my office. Once inside I pulled her to me ripping her blouse open. "You're mine Crimson, say it, tell me you're mine. Tell me who owns you." I demanded while working my mouth down her chest sucking and biting along the way. "I'm yours Clover, just yours." She moaned and pulled at my hair. "I have to have you, I have to show you. YOU ARE MINE!" I spun her around, bending her over the pool table. "Tell me you want me, tell me I can baby." I kissed up her back, taking her ponytail into my hand, wrapping it around my fist. I pulled her head back and looked at her. "You know you're safe, don't you Crimson?" I leaned forward so I could see her eyes, my lips at her temple, there was no fear in them, all I could see was lust. She nodded and moaned. "Do it Clover, make me yours." "Undo your jeans, baby." She did as I asked and I pushed them down to her knees, forcing her legs apart I used my free hand to pull my dick free from my jeans. Keeping my hand wrapped around her hair I entered her in one fast thrust. She yelped and moaned as I pounded into her, fast and steady, not giving her time to adjust. "Mine baby, you're mine. Mine to touch, mine to taste, mine to fuck." I growled at her, my hand tugging at her hair. "Yes," she groaned. "Shhh… don't talk, just feel, feel my cock claiming you." The anger from earlier was slowly leaving my body as the pleasure took over. "Mine, mine, mine, mine, mine." I chanted with each thrust. She moaned and panted as I thrust deep and hard, I pulled her hair, bringing her head back so I could gain better access to her neck, the action made her back arch more and I slid even deeper inside her. "I'm going to come, come for me baby." She moaned and I felt her squeeze me, my free hand reached around and rubbed at her clit sending her over the edge quickly, with me following right behind her. I lay over her back, panting for breath. Crimson had her head on the table while I was draped over her, her body slick with sweat. I pulled out and turned her around, pulling her jeans off, I massaged her legs and arms kissing every inch I could reach. I looked at her face and smiled at the huge fucking grin she was sporting. She looked cute as fuck, her hair stuck to the side of her head with sweat. "You okay Crimson, baby?" she nodded and blew out a deep breath. "Yeah, I'm good," she laughed. "So fucking good." Her arms stretched over her head and came down to rest over my shoulders, she kissed me softly and looked into my eyes. "I just have one question Clover?" She raised her eyebrow at me. "Shoot baby." I'd answer anything she asked. "You know you're mine too, right?" I laughed and nodded. "Too right I'm yours baby. Crimson and Clover." I kissed her again. I couldn't wait to see what life had in store for us. There were things we still needed to learn about each other, but no matter what, we would deal with it together. Crimson and clover… over and over. Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by leaving a review. If you happen to know the author's identity or "think" you do, please do not hint to this in your review, as this can compromise the author's anonymity and lead to disqualification. Add us to author alert to be notified of new stories. Want more info? Find us on Twitter at CPSffContest or visit our Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Facebook group Public voting: February 21 2016 to March 6 2016.