"So…?" Tanya questioned incredulously. "It has to go." "She's not gonna shit on the table," Tanya waved the server off. "It's fine." "I could get in…" "Listen," Heidi interrupted smiling, "You look the other way and I'll give you a really big tip," she finished before Tanya turned around and put some water in a bowl for Diva to poke her head out and drink. "But…" "A really, really big tip," she said raising her brow. After that, we finally got to order. Dinner was a pretty quiet affair. No one really felt like talking after the food came. Once we were finished, mom ordered me away from the table so they could get my surprise in order. I took the time to run to my car and get the ring from the glove compartment. I walked back up to the building to see Tanya standing outside talking on her phone. "I'm almost finished. We're gonna cut the cake, then I'm outtie," she said, turning around to see me. "I'll pick you up later," she said awkwardly before hanging up. "Who was that?" I asked, hugging her from behind and kissing her. "Stop it, I just got my hair done today," she said, straightening her hair. "That was...um…my friend, Lauren. Yeah, she wants to hang later." "Oh," I said, "Although, I'm not sure if you're gonna want to hang out after." "Oh, I'm sure," she giggled, rolling her eyes. "Okay," I held out my arm for her to take. "Fine," she huffed, linking her arm through mine. "Are you okay?" I asked her. "You aren't acting like yourself." "I'm fine," she said as I begin to walk her to the door. "Actually…" she started again, separating herself from me, "I'm not fine." "What's wrong?" I asked touching her head. "Are you sick? We can leave if you want, I don't really like parties. This was more for my mom, anyway," I offered. "It's not that," she said, covering her eyes with her hands. "I just…I can't do this anymore," she groaned. "Do what?" My fear increased with every second she didn't answer me. "This…us," she said, waving her hand between us. "We need to see other people, Edward," she finished, looking away from me. "Huh?" "I'm breaking up with you, Edward." What? I couldn't be hearing this right. She wouldn't do this to me…not to me . I was her best friend. I loved her. She loved me. We were meant to be together. "B-but…I-I love you…" "I know," she interrupted. "That's what sucks about it." "I d-don't understand, Tanya." At this point, I saw that my glasses were fogging up and I felt the tears starting to run down my face. "Fuck, don't cry," she reached a hand to pat my shoulder. "You're gonna make me feel bad." "I-I-I c-c-can't help it," I whispered, willing the tears back. I didn't want everyone to see me cry. I'd do that in the privacy of my apartment. "We're Edward and Tanya. We've always been together." "That's why," she told me, slowly backing away. "We've always been together. I want to experience different things…different people. Maybe after…" "I don't want anyone else. I want you," I whimpered, walking forward. "Tell me what to do. I can make it better. I can be better," I tried to convince her. "Please, Tanya." "Edward, don't beg," she backed away further. "I'm…I'm sorry," she said before turning and walking away, getting in her car and driving off…leaving me in the parking lot, heartbroken with a useless engagement ring in my pocket. I leaned against the car nearest to me for God only knew how long and processed what had just happened. Tanya had dumped me. She didn't want me. I was not good enough. I would be alone forever. "Edward?" I heard Alice come outside, looking for me. I must have been out here for a long time. "What are you doing out here? We're waiting on you guys. Emmett's gonna have the first cut of the cake if you don't come back soon," she added, walking to the parking lot and waving me over. "Where's the lovely Tanya?" she asked, her voice dripping with sarcasm. At the mention of her name, I lost what resolve I had left and my shoulders began to shake with the sobs I'd been holding back for the past thirty minutes. "Alice," I whimpered, covering my face with my hands to hide the shame and abandonment I was feeling. "Edward?" she asked, coming closer. She came to stand in front of me. "That bitch" she said, reaching her arms out for a hug. "Don't pretend like you aren't happy," I said as I shrugged my arms away from her. I didn't want her pity. She didn't even like Tanya, anyway. "I just…" "Edward?" I saw my mom come out to look at us. "What's wrong?" she asked frantically, moving faster to see what was bothering me. "Sweetie, what happened?" Before anyone else could see the mess I'd become, I ran to my car, climbed in still sobbing, and drove away into the night. It sucked getting dumped, didn't it? One time, an ex-boyfriend gave me a Kit Kat after he dumped me. It used to be my favorite candy bar. Now, I can't look at one without getting pissed off. I hope you guys liked it. I'm not really good at writing sad stuff so I normally keep it to a minimum. Did I capture the pain of the breakup good enough? I wanted to set a little backstory about Edward, his family, and Tanya before I introduce Bella. We'll meet her next chapter. She's a little…different. I hope you like it. It's always hard starting something new. *I promise I haven't forgotten how to be funny. I've been thinking of stuff for this for the past six months. I'll bring it* What's the worst time you've been dumped…or dumped someone? ****Pics regarding this story are featured on my profile****