wrote the check? They weren't happy tears." "This is a nice house. How much did it cost?" "Three point fucking five million dollars," I said bitterly. I still thought I got fucked on that deal. "You have money now. I won't make you spend too much. I promise." "I think you're full of shit, but thanks for trying to make me feel better." "You're welcome." "Shit, I'm tired," I groaned. "I know. I know. It's 4:45pm now. If you go to sleep now, you can get around forty-five minutes." "Yay!" I screamed, channeling my inner preschooler. I ran to my room, took my pants off, and literally dove into the bed. As soon as I closed my eyelids, I felt myself drift to sleep. Sooner rather than later, I felt a presence in my room which forced me to wake up. I did my usual, with the usual results. "Ahhh!" Alice screamed. "What the Hell? I just walked in here to wake you up and you shot out of the bed like you were going to kill me." I started to laugh. It had been a long time since I'd had this conversation. "Sorry. I can't sleep with other people in the room. I know it's weird. I grew up with two older brothers who loved to pull pranks. Most of them were played on me when I was asleep. Now, I'm a very light sleeper. If a pen drops, I'll wake up. Sorry if I scared you. You said it yourself. I'm weird." After shaking her head and laughing profusely, she told me that I needed to start getting ready. I got out of the bed to start my shower. "Bella! Where are your pajama pants?" "They're in the drawer. I can't sleep with pants on." "Well, get in the shower and wash your hair. It's almost five thirty now and I've got to get you ready. You're wearing some of the clothes I got you today." I took a shower for the second time today and tried my best to compose myself. This was going to be an important show for me. I needed to do promotions for my comedy special on HBO next week, my new movie, Time , as well as Halfsies . The arena was sold out, but I needed people to watch it from home as well. I was excited, but I was also scared shitless. I stepped out of the shower and Alice threw me into the chair and began to work on my hair. I told her that I would be cool with just wearing my hair down and going with no makeup and she looked at me like I had slapped her. She told me she'd be "fashionably remiss" if she allowed me to do that. After about an hour, she had given me natural makeup and had my hair in loose curls. I looked pretty. For my outfit, she had me wearing light grey skinny jeans with a white t-shirt and a dark grey leather jacket. To top it all off, she forced me to wear a pair of death traps she called shoes. They were grey high-heeled boots with studs on the front. They were cute. They were just dangerous. I looked…hot. Turned out I didn't need that pedicure after all. "Damn, Alice. You're a good assistant, expert shopper, AND you do hair and makeup. Is there anything you can't do?" "I couldn't reach the bag of sugar in your cabinet when we were making cupcakes," she said aloof as she inspected my outfit. "You do look good. You're welcome." "I think we're ready to go. Usually, they want us an hour early." I got Captain from his room while Alice got in the car and together we made our way to the Jay Leno set. "Are you bringing Captain with you?" she asked as she ruffled his fur. I knew they'd start to get along. "Yeah. Normally, they have someone watch the pets. I know. I'm one of those people, but I can't leave him inside alone. He'll trash the whole house looking for food." We talked for most of the car ride until Alice got a text on the Blackberry. "Bella, I just got a text from someone named Rosalie. She said she'd meet us at the studio." Ah, Rosalie Hale. Protector. Friend. Agent. These words and more described this lovely lady. She was with me when I was only a writer in an office at NBC and she had stuck with me ever since. She was the kind of girl that all the girls, and some boys, wanted to be. She was beautiful with a kick-ass body that lowered your self-esteem just by looking at her. She was twice as smart as she was pretty, too. The bitch had a heart of gold…once you got to know her at least. "Oh, she's my agent. You'll love her. I didn't think she'd be able to make it." "I'm excited. I've never been backstage at a talk show before. But I'd never been inside NBC Studios or a photo shoot before today, either. I'm just a small-town girl from Biloxi, Mississippi. I didn't really fit in anywhere. This whole thing is kind of surreal for me. Thanks for this opportunity." "You earned your job, Alice, and you're doing great. You should be proud of yourself. I'm small town, too, if you haven't noticed. This is America. If you're driven and talented enough, you'll succeed." Like I was expecting, Alice jumped over the console of the car and hugged me. "Thanks for the pep talk. You're a really cool boss. Not many celebrity assistants can say that." "Well, you're welcome, and thanks for the compliment. Do you know who else is going to be on the show tonight?" "Tanya Denali is the musical guest…oh, and Edward Cullen is the other guest. I understand you went to high school with him, is that right?" "Yeah, I did," I sighed. Shit.