Edward chuckled. 'Yes, lovely Bella. But it's not by chance. They're oh so good at making women swoon, and tasting the sweetness when I kiss then is so fucking good.' He replied, gathering me into his arms and kissing me to prove his point. The strawberry juice was indeed heavenly as his lips moved against mine, nipping and teasing as his tongue explored my mouth. I barely even noticed he had pushed me down to the bed, his hard body covering mine. It wasn't until his hands grabbed my dress and started tugging that I realized what he was doing, and we broke apart so that he could pull it the rest of the way over my head. Then he quickly shucked his own shirt off before his mouth started moving over my skin. He trailed kisses across my jaw, down my neck, along my collar bone, as his hands traced patterns across my stomach. Soon his lips were trailing across the tops of my breasts, as one of his hands deftly unhooked my bra and tossed it across the room. I moaned as his mouth immediately latched onto my right nipple, sending spikes of pleasure through me and making my inner walls clench. His fingers swirled and teased my other breast as he licked my pink flesh, making me squirm with desire. Then his hands were shifting and he was gently pushing me to roll onto my stomach. 'Roll, sweetheart.' He whispered as he moved me. I couldn't help but protest, wanting him back where he was. 'Why?' I asked breathlessly. I couldn't see Edward's face, but imagined him grinning at the word. 'Because I want to taste your smooth back, Bella. And because you'll feel everything so much better when you can't see what I'm doing.' He replied, his lips kissing the back of my neck as he brushed my hair aside. His hands rubbed up and down my sides as he kissed and licked his way down my back, making me tremble. Edward was right. Not being able to see, only feeling his touch made my senses heighten. My nerves were buzzing with anticipation. He was getting lower, lower, close to where I wanted him. His fingers hooked into the sides of my underwear and slid them quickly down my legs as he kissed the end of my spine. Then he was quickly pulling me upwards, my back against his chest and my ass against his hips. I gasped at the sudden movement, my breaths turning into desperate pants. I could feel his hard erection pressing against my ass, his strong thighs beneath my own. We were completely pressed together, one of his hands cupping my breasts as his other hand trailed down my stomach to lightly circle my clit. I moaned loudly as he thumbed my g-spot, leaning heavily against his bare body as he sent desire radiating through every fiber of my being. Furious heat was building in my lower stomach, wetness pooling between my legs. I sighed in relief as two of his fingers dipped between my folds and pushed into me, finally going where I wanted him most. Unlike in the taxi, where we had been restricted by clothes and positions, Edward wasn't holding back this time. He was exploring every inch of me, moving deep, stretching me wide and making me quiver. Soon he added a third finger, relentlessly teasing my clit and rapidly bringing me to my climax. I cried out and shook in his tight grip, the orgasm he had built up overwhelming. But still, I wanted more. I needed more than his hand, I needed his thick cock. And he knew it. He had done this to me. He had well and truly seduced me. He could control me. And now he was about to possess me. I hadn't even finished calming down and he was already sliding his hard length through my slick folds, teasing me, tempting me, torturing me. It wasn't until I whimpered with need that he finally grabbed my hips and lifted me so that he could slide firmly in, impaling me on his erection. He was all the way in, as deep as he could go, his head pressing against the end of me and letting me know I was totally at his mercy. That I belonged to him. Unlike the furious sex against the wall we had had earlier, his movements now were achingly slow. With every roll of his hips he slid all the way out and all the way in, claiming every part of me. He grinded and thrust at every angle, hitting the best spots inside of me until I was on the edge of my climax and then slowing again, refusing to let me shatter. His hand was still playing with my clit, bringing me high when he wanted to and leaving me gasping when I got to close to orgasm. It was ecstasy, the most extreme pleasure, the most overwhelming elation. Eventually not even Edward could stop me from succumbing to the blissful euphoria, my climax wracking through my body so fiercely I thought my heart would fail beneath the onslaught. Only it didn't. It kept beating, as Edward and I fell to the bed, his cock still buried inside of me. It was then that I knew there was no longer any question. Edward was just as good as he thought he was. Better even. He had controlled me. Possessed me. Seduced me. The End Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by leaving a review. If you happen to know the author's identity or "think" you do, please do not hint to this in your review, as this can compromise the author's anonymity and lead to disqualification. Add us to author alert to be notified of new stories. Want more info? Find us on Twitter at CPSffContest or visit our Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Facebook page. Public voting: February 21 2016 to March 6 2016.