that I'm alone... I can do anything. Run around naked. Eat as much chocolate. Rock out to some tunes. Yeah. I'll write in you sometime soon. Until then, bye. Renesmee. x' I quickly tossed the book back onto the shelf and began to explore my home. A house was always the same, but when you're in it alone for the first time; it's a whole new place. It's like... yours. It made me want my own place a whole lot more. A place to call my own. Hell, I was only sixteen though. Well, a few days away from sixteen. I stilled classed myself as a sixteen year old anyway. Mentally, I was like... Forty five? Give or take a few? I lurked about in the living room, turning on 'Liz Phair — Why can't I?' that was one of my favorite songs and tossing my checkered hoodie onto the sofa leaving me in my white tank top and black jeans. I was at home. I could glow as much as I wanted or not. No one would see me. I eventually found the kitchen where I raided the fridge. I was starving. Although I knew what exactly I was starving for, I liked to have a healthy diet. I only drank blood on a Friday, depending on my mood. Yes, I've cheated a few times. But hasn't everyone cheated on their diet at some point? Humming with the lyrics while scanning the shelves within the fridge, I decided to pull out a carton of orange juice. Nothing better than OJ and a bit of popcorn. I had no intentions on watching a movie, I just wanted to munch the night away. "Whhhhhy can't I breathe whenever I think about yoou Whhhhhhy can't I speak whenever I talk about yooou It's inevitable, it's a fact that we're gonna get down to it" I sang along while crossing the kitchen towards the cupboard holding the popcorn. Pulling it out and putting it within microwave. I set it for two minutes. There, I turned and went to walk into the living room. "So tell meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee Why can't I breathe whenever I think about you." "Perhaps maybe it's a thing I have against women?" I froze and looked up instantly. There, my eyes met one of the most dangerous scarlet reds I'd ever seen before. Sure, I knew of vampires who ate humans and I knew their eyes were red; but this red was so intense, it reminded me more of a demon than a vampire. But... It, no, he was too beautiful to be a demon, if they even existed. His brown hair flicked over his brow, his smooth looking, really pale milky like skin, those full luscious lips. The only thing about him that didn't shout angel was those eyes, and even those were perfect. Perfectly scary, but perfect. He stood tall and proud. His hands behind his back like a soldier would. His eyes glued to my own. I could feel my heart racing a thousand times a second. Compared to any of the guys at school... No, it would be a sin to compare this... god to any guy at school. Wait, he's a god now? You don't even know who he is Renesmee! Wait.. What the hell is he doing in your house? I opened my mouth; about to speak but the stranger put a hand up very quickly indicating me to be quiet. Slowly, he turned his head towards the C.D player and walked towards it. With a sensual move, he gently pressed the 'off' button, creating silence. That is when he turned around to face me again; bowing his head. "You may speak now," "Oh, I may, may I?" I replied sarcastically. "Who the hell are you?" His brow lifted from what I could tell. "Well, I have to say I am slightly offended. The great Renesmee Carlie Cullen doesn't remember me. Excuse me while I go shed a few tears." Okay, I had to give it to him. He was good at this whole sarcastic game. He was obviously a old vampire. The way he talked gave that away. "Who are you?" I said through clenched teeth. He began to move once again, putting his hands behind his back once again. "Alec," he said. Alec... Didn't ring any bells. He looked at me continuing to pace back and forth, it was making me feel sick for some strange reason. "... Of the Volturi. " I froze in that moment. The Volturi. The vampires who came to destroy me as a child. He , the angel, who had come to destroy me as a child. I could feel the world beginning to spin, while he continued to walk back and forth. "What... what do you want?" "What I want and why I am here are two different things, my dear." I blinked. If I didn't know any better, that was either a flirt... or a threat. I didn't quite know. All I knew that was I was terrified. This is where everyone was. They were fighting off the Volturi; but this one had gotten past and had come to kill me. "W...why are you here?" "Ah, there we go. I'm here... to watch over you." Wait... What? A/N: Productive start, me thinks. So, read and review? I enjoyed writing this; those three girls. Mercedes, Amber and Brittany? Yeah... I know those girls. Reflecting off my high school days. Ah, well. At least they made some influence in my life. Being able to write about evil, vindictive girlies. You'll see what I mean about 'evil' as the chapters progress. As will you see more of Alec. Review, please. It gives me the inspiration and muse to continue to write. They mean a lot to me! It doesn't matter if it's good or bad. I take criticism and am open for pointers to improve. Thank you for reading! Chapter two has already began to be written. - C.H