the dining room to the living room, where I find the image of utter devastation and lies. My mother stands in the corner, her hands over her mouth in shock while my father stands beside her, his scotch swishing in his glass. Ever the picture of ease. Carlisle is in the middle of the room, trying to restrain a hysterical Esme. She screams and yells, punching his chest, yelling obscenities at him. Until her eyes land on me. "You little whore!" She charges at me, only to be yanked back by Carlisle. "You've ruined my entire life!" "No need for dramatics, Esme," my father sighs, sipping on his beverage. "You're a slut!" Esme wails at me, ignoring him. "Couldn't find a boy your own age, so you had to go after a married man? You're sick!" I stare at her, not feeling an ounce of remorse for her fake tears. Not when my dad's eyes are focused on her ass and Carlisle is staring at my tits. The fucking hypocrisy. "You've ripped my family apart! We treated you like our own." She points a finger in my face. "You were like a sister to my Rosalie, and now she's left home because of you! You're a disgrace!" I scoff. "That's it? You're not even going to explain yourself?" she yells. I snap. "Explain myself? Okay, how's this? It was Carlisle that started it. He grabbed my ass. He made advances. He lured me to a fucking motel. And as for decency? I have none. I learned how to cheat and lie from the best of them. You. All of you." I glance around them as they fall silent. "After all, Esme, you've been fucking around with my dad for nearly twelve years now, right?" Her eyes widen, and the façade of the poor, heartbroken wife drops. She turns to Carlisle, who stares at her with disbelief and fury. Behind them, my mom places a hand dramatically on her chest, but her reaction falls flat and stale. "Don't look so shocked, Mom," I call to her. "They were at it while you were with Mr. Banner. And then Mr. Weber." My father still looks uninterested. "I'm the result of your fucking actions. Me? Rose? We're your Goddamn collateral damage. It falls on you, the way we grew up. The lifestyle you got us caught up in. You're the failures, not us." They still stand, staring. "I may be a royal fuck up, but it's all of you that are the disgraceful ones." I don't say anything else. I just leave them there, the ugly truth laid out before them as I slam my bedroom door closed. . . . . It's late in the night, but I'm still wide awake. After the spat downstairs, the house had promptly emptied. My dad left for London. Esme and Carlisle went home, I'm assuming. And my mom disappeared. She'd tried to come in and have a chat, but words had failed her. She simply kissed my cheek and told me she'd be back in the morning. There was no need to lie when we knew the truth. I think she gets that now. Two taps on the window make me jump, but I smile when I see Edward dangling outside on the lattice. I let him in, watching as he folds himself through the window. "You could've used the door," I point out. "Felt better this way." He smirks, shrugging. "Like old times." I smile a real smile for the first time in God knows how long. "I'm heading back tonight." My smile drops. "Oh." "Emmett already left." He rubs the back of his neck. "Rosalie's with him." My eyes widen. "Really? Wow." "I know." He nods. "Are you… I mean, are you staying?" "I'm leaving." I point to the suitcase by the door, freshly packed an hour ago. I revel in the fact he looks disappointed. "Oh, that's…. that's great. Where you headed?" "I actually don't know." I tell him the truth. "It's just time to leave, you know?" He nods, hesitating for a second before lacing one finger with mine. "You could come with me." My heart thumps. "If you want, I mean," he backtracks. "Like…" I trail off. "Like we could try again," he says softly, pulling me closer. "Fresh start, away from here." "But… we're a disaster." I chuckle without humor. There's nothing funny here. "True." He nods. "But I'm not over this. Over you." He looks up at me. "Just come. No promises. No plans. Just get in the car, and let's take it as it comes." I breathe. I nod. And I smile. "Okay." He kisses me tenderly, and I wrap my arms around him, anchoring him to me. Where he's always belonged. It may not work. I may fall back into bad habits contained at the bottom of a bag. He may get sick of me or cheat on me. I may end up hating him. Or we could end up blissfully happy. Who knows? But in the darkness of my bedroom, with his arms around me, I feel loved and protected. I feel the truth of the boy who sent me on the wrong path, then put me back on the right one when I strayed too far. The boy who made a mistake, nothing compared to mine, yet still stands here asking me to take a chance with him. In the thick of it all, there only is one choice. And it's him. Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by leaving a review. If you happen to know the author's identity or "think" you do, please do not hint to this in your review, as this can compromise the author's anonymity and lead to disqualification. Add us to author alert to be notified of new stories. Want more info? Find us on Twitter at CPSffContest or visit our Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Facebook page. Public voting: February 21 2016 to March 6 2016.