she's a fool to pick you over a normal life; she has no idea the value of what she's throwing away." Rose juts her chin out then and puts on her everyday mask as she adds archly, "But then, neither did you, so I guess it just shows you two were made for each other." Edward laughs, just a little, and Alice claps her hands. But Rose turns on Alice. "You, on the other hand, are being unforgivably selfish, Mary Alice Brandon. What, am I not sister enough for you?" "Rose, you know it's not like that—" "I know nothing of the sort! You just like the idea of having someone around to do your bidding, and to humor you in your crazy notions. I certainly don't do that, but you'd think having Jasper following you around like a puppy would be enough to satisfy any woman." "Rose! He does not follow me around like a puppy!" Rosalie responds with an airy, "Whatever you say, Alice" at the same time Esme tries to assert some maternal discipline with a reluctantly-scolding, "Girls!" Alice doesn't listen though; she's riled up already and Rosalie just hit on a private source of hurt for Alice: Rosalie's less-than-enthusiastic embrace of her as a sister. "You're one to talk about rejection, Rosalie Hale!" Rose just looks placidly at Alice, enjoying the power of getting Alice worked up and relieved to have the spotlight off her insecurities with Edward. Rosalie's placid look starts to fade however and some defensiveness creeps in as Alice continues, "Ever since the day Jasper and I showed up on your doorstep, you have looked down on me like I'm less than you, not just shorter than you. Oh yes, when you want to talk fashion or complain about Emmett ("Hey!" Emmett says, a little surprised and hurt, not realizing Rosie every complained about him, nor that there was anything to complain about) or get me to read tea leaves for your honeymoon plans, you're friendly enough, but as soon as you have what you want, it's Bang! Don't let the door hit you on your way out, Alice!" Rose is taken aback, reviewing Alice's words in her mind and feeling a beginning sort of fear that maybe, just maybe, there's some truth to them. As she sits there, Alice closes her eyes, seeing the future in which Rosalie will come to her to make amends. Her outrage gone as quickly as it descended, Alice sighs and says, "I forgive you, Rosalie. I know you don't mean to be cold to me sometimes; you're just not the sort of person to be very interested in other people's lives. But you are loyal, and funny when you feel like it, and you are the best shopping partner a girl could ask for—Bella isn't going to change that. It's just, when you're in your own world with Emmett, and Esme's busy with her designs, and Jasper's off being Jasper, I get lonely sometimes. And you're right, it is selfish, but I swear I wouldn't interfere if I saw Bella being happier without Edward than she is with him. Truly I wouldn't," she says earnestly, looking away from Rose and at Edward as she does so. Edward grimaces, and taking another unnecessary deep breath starts in, "I know you wouldn't, Allie, but I don't think you're trying hard enough to see a path for Bella without me, and—" the next two words are said more quietly, gently even, but they still land on Alice with the force of a physical blow, "without you." Alice sniffs back a sob, and Jasper puts his arm around her. For a few seconds, Alice cries quietly, then, like a prisoner to the guillotine, or more relevant to her former life, like an enforced patient to the electroshock room, Alice pulls back her shoulders and closes her eyes, deciding to leave Bella the way Edward wants her to. Because the decision is clear and heartfelt, borne of Alice's deep need and love for Bella and her abiding love and respect for Edward, even though she thinks he behaves like an ass at times, the future spills forth with voluminous rapidity. Both she and Edward gasp at Bella's pale and emaciated appearance; at the lack of expression in her slack face and the lack of life in her eyes; at the motorcycle gang she approaches and finally at the cliff she clearly intends to jump off when Edward yells, "Enough!" Alice had been so caught up in the onslaught she hadn't been able to turn the tide of her own decision-making, but the agony in Edward's voice frees her to revert back to her original position. But she's not the only one changing her mind. Despite himself, despite all the hard-and-fast arguments he's made in support of leaving the woman he loves as soon as possible, Edward is caving. Where his sisters and brothers and parents could not move him, the picture of a devastated Bella does. He cannot bear to think of her hurting like that, and even as he remonstrates with himself, "But it will get better, eventually," he knows that he is incapable of standing by and letting her suffer so profoundly for any length of time. Sighing like an exhausted human, his shoulders sagging as all the fight goes out of his bearing and attitude, Edward collapses on what remains of the chair, resting his head in his hands, his elbows propped up on the table. "What do I do?" he asks everyone, and no one in particular. There is another silence, more peaceful this time, as all those that love him (including Bella in her dreams) wonder what words he needs to hear to forgive himself for loving a human, and inevitably consigning her to the life that most of them, Emmett excepted, feel some degree of regret in having as an exchange for a normal, happy human life—as time-limited as those happy human lives must be.