the flames devour the blackened logs. "My mother and father died when I was very young, so my aunt and uncle were forced to take me in. They didn't want me, and they made it apparent. My aunt Constance would make me clean and cook and take care of all of the household chores while her two daughters would be spoiled. Everything they needed or wanted was in their hands at their beckon call." I look back at the princess, finished with my story. She shakes her head. "More," she says. "There's more, and you're not telling me that." "I do not—" She cuts me off. "Tell me about the forest. Why hadn't you been there in a very long time?" I pause and then look down at my feet, my face paling. She can see my obvious discomfort. "You can tell me, Isabella. We'll be spending a lot of time together so I suppose it's better to get this over with now." "I was attacked," I finally say. Emiline opens her mouth to say something, but she stops. "In the Black Forest?" I nod my head. She seems like she's pondering something but doesn't want to say anything. I don't even have to say anything for her to know that I'd survived an immortal attack. She just nods her head and looks out the window. "I saw you looking at my scars," she whispers. Three pink, fleshy scars run across the right side of her face, pulling at the corner of her eye and mouth. "Oh no, Emiline, I…" "No, it's alright. The only reason why I'm pointing that out is that…I too, was attacked. As if it wasn't already plain as day. But the point is, I understand." Emiline explains. "I know everyone stares at me like I've three heads, but I'm used to it now." The stars were already shining in the sky. I don't bother asking her how. She seems somewhat distressed by it all, so I don't push the subject. I gape at the time. Gods above, how the time has passed. She looks at me with a softened look in her eyes. "Help me change, will you?" I stand from my seat and follow her. Here I am, I think. A slave in a house to a slave in a castle. What an improvement in life I've made. I help Emiline out of her dress and untie her corset for her until she's in her small clothes. She points to the white silk nightdress hanging in her closet. I take the beautiful material into my hands and help her slip it on. She pulls her gorgeous long hair out of the collar and lets it flow down her back. "Ah. Thank you," she says. I blink. Thank you? No one has ever said thank you to me before. I grant her with a small smile. She looks to the door. "I suppose I should show you to your chambers. They are right next to mine, and I am sure you have had a long day. A well deserved rest to you, Isabella." She leads me out of the door and points directly in front of her to a slender white door with a golden handle. I open it, amazed at what I see—a nice, warm bed with golden sheets and a large window with moonlight filtering through it. Golden curtains, and wooden tables crafted beautifully by hand. Even my very own hearth and soft chair. "Oh, thank you!" I whisper to her. She nods her head. Emiline stares at me and purses her lips. "I think I shall call you Bella. It is more fitting for you," she declares. I nod my head. My parents used to call me Bella. It was the only thing that I remembered of them. Their sweet voices in my head, calling me that nickname. I nod my head. "I like that." "Get some rest," she whispers. "And do wake me tomorrow at sunup." I nod again. I was already up early in the mornings anyways. She bids me goodnight one more time before closing the door. I pounce on my bed, stripping out of my dress. I can't believe what's happened today. I was captured by a band of huge, intimidating men and brought to a large castle in the kingdom of Canavar, hidden in the Black Forest. Then I was threatened by a beautiful mysterious man before I was made personal servant to the princess. I smile at the thought over never having to go back to aunt Constance. Even though my role of servant didn't change, I knew things here would be better. I roll off of the bed and bounce over to the window. The moon was so large tonight and shining. So many things were racing through my head at that moment in time. But mostly, the eyes of that mysterious man lingered there. He seemed so mysterious to me, and dangerous. I'd never felt such strong emotion channeled towards me. His interest piqued as well and those dark eyes seemed to stare directly through me. I shake the thought away. He probably despises me. He probably thinks that I have come to kill them or pass along secrets that are unknown to me. I sigh and collapse on my bed. Tomorrow, I think. Tomorrow I'll think this over. 0o0o0o0o Ahh, how was it? I feel like I've kind of put a Cinderella feel onto it, but it's not the sappy lovestory that we all know and love. Jacob will eventually come in, even though he wasn't really in this chapter all too much. Expect him to make his way into the next chapter. Also, please review . I feel that reviews are really essential for the first chapter to let me know how I've done and if I want to decide to continue this journey. Also, one question…are you excited for dark, dangerous and lustful Jacob? I know I am. (: Courtney xx