could fathom. I'd never promised them anything, but that hadn't been a successful plan as many had done highly visible things to ensnare me. I'd embarrassed my family immeasurable times. Nothing had worked. Redheads blended into brunettes, and blue eyes faded to brown as I used them. Nothing filled the void her loss had created in my heart. My hand clutched at my chest at the throbbing hole there. I leaned my head against the cool pane of glass before me. Somewhere out in that world breathed my other half. A stirring at the door brought me back from my memories, and I turned to see my father. I couldn't help but smile at him. Sleek and fit, he looked more like my and Emmett's brother than our dad. He and Esme were enjoying the high life, loving the opportunities to play with their grandchildren. He adored Alice and Jasper, and Emmett and Rosalie's babies. Beautiful bouncing babies who were secure in the love that surrounded them. There's that pain again… I looked back out the window attempting to realign my facial features, but I hadn't done it quick enough. "Edward?" he said just to my side. "What's wrong?" I shook my head and attempted to brush it off. "Is everyone ready?" I asked, attempting to distract him. It didn't work, but he respected me enough to not push me. He was exasperated though. It was apparent in his voice, "Yes, we were waiting on you. I came to see what had delayed you." "Very well, I'm sorry to keep you waiting." We entered the plush conference room and the eyes of my two siblings, their mates, and mother zeroed in on me. I saw Carlisle shrug from the corner of my eye. It was a clear message to leave me alone. We all listened as the many charities came in petitioning for our support. It was one of the things we all did together – and if I surreptitiously arranged it for this day every year, no one knew the better. It was when one of the women mentioned the date that I heard Alice gasp. I knew she'd finally determined the reason for my morose behavior. She attempted to catch my eyes, but I ignored her. Finally she stretched out under the table and kicked me…hard. I cursed out loud, embarrassing myself before the woman presenting on behalf of one of the children's hospitals. My mother's horrified face filled my view. I was going to pay Alice back if it was the last thing I did. I got myself into enough trouble, I didn't need her help. "I apologize," I said to the stuttering blond. She was pretty, and I turned on my charm. It had never let me down. "Thinking of the kids that go without medical care, because of the lack of funding, upsets me. I will personally bank roll your request," I said, smiling. It worked. She sputtered the whole way out the door. "Edward…" Alice started but then her words were interrupted by a noise outside the room. Mrs. Brown, our receptionist, was arguing with someone. "Miss, miss…you can't go in there." We heard a soft voice muttering at her. The door then shut, but we could hear the arguing escalate. We were expecting the next person, but instead Mrs. Brown stepped in and looked directly at me. "Mr. Cullen, I apologize, but there is a young lady here, and she insists on seeing you." Emmett snorted something like "take a number" under his breath with disgust. He didn't appreciate my haphazard approach to sex. He thought I needed to find someone to settle down with. He, of course, knew why that was impossible for me. Her face remained professional. "She indicates that she is your daughter." That brought another round of comments from the table. I'd had numerous "children" show up over the years, egged on by the stupid mistakes in women I'd indulged in and their greed. After the first years, I'd been smart enough to use condoms, buying only the best ones, hoping that I'd never have the whole "broken one" episode. Luckily, all the imposters had turned out not to be mine. At least the latest episode attached to my indulgences had my mom glaring at me for something other than the outburst with the hospital administrator. She loved me, there was no doubt, but my refusal to speak about the things that haunted me worried her. She knew my sexual liaisons were just one of the ways I buried the pain. She groaned every time the newspaper featured a picture of me with someone new…which was often. "I'll have security escort her out, and tell her to contact our lawyers," Mrs. Brown said softly. It wasn't the first one she'd had to do that with. "Thank you," I said softly. The door closed and then a ruckus occurred. "I don't care what he said; I'm here to see him!" You had to give this one credit, she had balls. There was the sound of a struggle, and I assumed security had arrived. But what happened next surprised us all. The door swung opened bouncing back against the wall and in stepped a ghost from my past. I lurched to my feet as I heard Alice gasp from across the table. Bella stood in front of me, her chest heaving and a flush blossoming across her pale cheeks. Her dark chocolate hair swirled around her slim body. She was dressed in the jeans she so often wore, and the deep green of her long sleeved shirt emphasized her wide green eyes. GREEN EYES! My green eyes… So, I'm wondering what you think? Tomorrow is my birthday (NO! I won't share how many, because I'd be embarrassed to tell you). Best birthday present? Leave me a review! I would love to know what you think! Reviews will get a sneak peek into next chapter and a brief view of Carlisle's thoughts…