have a way with men," Edward kisses my neck as the last of the visitors leave. "Welll…" I pause, grinding my ass into his groin. "Hey, mom," Nate comes in the hallway. "Yeah?" I try not to roll my eyes in frustration. "Do you have that new episode of Pests ?" he asks. "We want to watch it." "In my purse," I tell him. "Give me a critique, when you're done," I order. I love those kids. They do my work for me. "Cassy," Edward calls, picking the girl up and kissing her cheek. "It's time for bed." "But I want to watch cartoons with them," she says, yawning. "That's a cartoon for grownups sweetie," I tell her, as I run my fingers through her soft hair. "Come on," I smile. "Let's get you ready for bed." After she washes up, we brush our teeth and put our pajamas on for bed. Then, it's Edward's turn to read her a story and tuck her in. I'm not welcome in that department. Apparently, I don't do the voices right. I know it's a Cassy/Daddy thing. I look at the clock and start to yawn. I'd been up since 6 this morning to get the kids ready for school. Plus, I've been running around all day and finishing details for tomorrow's show. It's been a long day. Before the show, I have to go to the studio for a voice over. I got cast in a Disney/Pixar movie called Alex in Outer Space . It's about a little boy who stows away on a space shuttle by accident. It's hilarious. I have to be there at 6. I need sleep. Normally, I would head to bed. Not tonight. Edward owes me some peen. I intend to collect. I step into the kitchen to grab a Red Bull. "Heading for a long night?" Andrew arches his eyebrow, as I open the can. "I don't know what you're talking about." "Mom," he rolls his eyes. "You and Dad…" he shivers. "Hey," I warn, pointing to him. "Shouldn't I be interrogating you?" I ask. His smile drops. "You have a girlfriend," I remind him. When you're that young, I use the term girlfriend loosely. It's not like they can drive anywhere together. "Yeah," he sits down on a chair. "Are you mad?" he asks. "Mad?" I question, confused. "Why would I be mad?" "I didn't tell you," he says. "Mad isn't the right word," I sit beside him. "It's more like puzzled. Why would you keep that from us?" "It's just…" he starts, like he's searching for a way to express his feelings. "It's hard being your son." What does he mean? I've always been there for my kids. I pride myself on it. Yeah. There has been a few times when I had to work and not be home but I like to think Edward and I are present in our kids' lives. "Why?" I ask, hugging him. "Do you feel like we aren't…" "You aren't doing anything wrong," he shakes his head. "It's everyone else," he points out. "As soon as they find out I'm a Cullen it's weird," he shrugs. "That's why I was glad when Ian and I went to a different school than Nate and Kennedy." Andrew and Ian go to a high school that is geared more toward the arts. Ian goes because he's great with technology and the school has an amazing program for that. Andrew goes for culinary and literature. "I imagine the artistic types wouldn't be into names anyway," I nod. "She's just…cool," he confides. "What's her name?" I ask. "Where is she from?" I want details. I wonder if Dad still has clearance to get information. I'll ask him. "Her name is DeeDee," he smiles off into the distance. "Well, it's really Wadricka but she hates that name." Wadricka? "She lets me call her DeeDee," she sighs. "She's from Harlem. She's studying at music and dance and Pulllam." He beams. "She's beautiful…and…great." "Oh," I smile at his obvious joy. "I want to meet her," I tell him. "Mom," he gasps in horror. "Yes," I affirm. "I want to meet this girl who makes you come out of this shell," I poke him. "Tomorrow." "Tomorrow?" "Or Friday," I give him an option. "I'm pretty sure your father wants to meet her too." "But…" "What do you think we'll do? Scare her away?" I ask." I'll make an excellent wingman," I wink at him. "Mom…" "Tomorrow," I order. "Or Friday," I finish, going upstairs. I reach the steps and hear Cassidy giggling and Edward making funny noises. I admit. He's good at that. Suddenly, I feel my phone vibrating. I pick it up, knowing that people know better not to call past 10 unless it's important. "Bella!" I hear Leah Clearwater shout. "You're up." "Yeah," I look at the clock. "Why are you calling?" "I got a brilliant as fuck idea," she rushes. "I was taking a shit and it came to me," I hear the sound of papers ruffling. "I want you on my team, bitch!" she shouts. "Can we talk about this tomorrow?" "No!" she refuses. "Now! I'm hype now." "Well…" I start as Edward walks back in the room giving me the 'I'm gonna fuck you until you can't walk' look (my favorite). "See you later," I hang up and throw the phone across the room. "Where were we?" he asks, locking the door and stalking towards me. "Here," I palm his crotch and unbuckle his pants. It's gonna be a long night. Life is good. Thanks for the continued love for this story. Don't forget to hop over to my blog Krys Loves Movies. Like. Subscribe. My latest blog is called *spoilers* RIP Jon Snow? 3 Reasons Why I REFUSE To Believe Jon Snow Is Dead. The next entry will be called Franchise Bait: 3 Movies Ruined By A Studio's Desperation To Start A Franchise. This one's title is a work in progress.