poorest of the poor fall in love and marry. What say you? Not even in Andapor?" "No. Not even in Andapor." I bite my lip and play at my dress with my fingers. "Men are always falling at my feet," I whisper to him. He makes a noise and then looks down at the grass and flowers under our feet. "I'm sure they are." My face burns right red. "I...I've been courted multiple times." I splutter, the words just falling from my mouth. He nods his head and his lips twitch a little. "I bet you have." Jacob lifts his eyes and stares at me with a certain sort of intensity that makes me squirm. The way he looks at me makes me feel uncomfortable. "What is that supposed to mean?" I ask. He jumps at my tone. "No, it's just…" I soften my tone, realizing that I sounded a bit harsh. "Just what?" I start to smile a little at his obvious discomfort. I hadn't meant for him to become squeamish, but now it was amusing. "You are beautiful. Really...beautiful," he blurts. Silence hits us both for a few moments. I tilt my head and stare at him blindly through the blazing, golden beams of sunlight. "Thank you, Jacob Black." I tell him. We continue to walk through the flowers. "Does your parched throat desire a drink to quench your thirst? There's a freshwater stream in the woods over there." I point towards the wood, which is slowly darkening by the minute. His face is red and I can tell that he's uncomfortable. But I can also tell that he meant what he said. I like Jacob Black. I really do. He nods his head and follows me through the flowers to the tall trees that mark the edge of the forest. He follows me in to the forest a little until we reach the cool stream bubbling over smooth rocks. I bend down and cup my hands to trap some water. Jacob does the same. I can see our reflections in the water when I pull back. I nudge him to get his attention. "Look into the water at our reflections," I tell him. "Have you ever heard the story of Narcissus?" "If I did, I can't say that I remember…" he mumbles quietly. A petal from a blossoming tree falls into the water, rippling our reflections. I lick my lips. "Narcissus was a man who fell in love with his own reflection." I say to him, scrunching my nose up. He gives me a funny look. "How is it possible for someone to fall in love with their own reflection?" I gaze at myself through the water. "Narcissus was very vain." Wisps of my hair are falling out of my snood. I bend down and place my lips to the water, watching our reflections tremble from my touch. I look back at him in amusement. But I'm surprised to see something different. He looks at me with deep interest and intrigue. And dare I say it? Strong attraction. I scrunch my eyebrows together in confusion. He shakes his head, casting his eyes away from me. He bends down and takes another drink from the stream. "Shall we return?" I ask him. He doesn't say anything. He only gives a curt nod. He proceeds to follow me out of the forest and back into the meadow. The horses are fine. They continue to graze on the vegetation there. I feel so free in my meadow. My secret little haven, my queendom. I dart forth into the flowers and leave him there at the forest's edge. I encourage him to come after me, to play with me. But no. To him I must be like a ticking bomb. He must believe that if he should hold me the wrong way, our friendship, our trust could blow up in his face. He stands there and stares. I'm not a bomb. Just a neglected doll, perhaps. So I stop running and wait for him in the middle of the meadow, the wind blowing through my hair, swirling the sweet aromas of wildflowers through the air. I wonder why he doesn't come when I welcome him with such open-armed generosity. I stare at him, waiting for him to do something. A few moments tick by. Slowly, he begins moving towards me. He makes his way through tall daisies and orange tiger lilies and yellow daffodils. He stops in front of me and wraps his long, nimble fingers around a tall stem, plucking a particularly beautiful flower out from the ground. It's a pale violet, one of my most favorite colors. He chews his lip. I watch him intently, my eyes sparkling with interest. He offers the flower to me hesitantly, twirling the stem in his fingertips. I accept the flower. I'm surprised at first but then I see how his face turns red underneath the sunlight and how his hands twitch at his sides. "It's beautiful." I tell him, clutching the flower in my hand. "Thank you." He swallows a lump in his throat and sheepishly nods his head. I tuck the flower into my hair and secure it behind my ear. I show off to him, making a funny face to encourage playfulness. He chuckles softly. I stand up straight. I end up giggling like a little girl, something I'd not done in a very long time. My reactions to him were even surprising me. I don't know what it is about Jacob Black that has me so intrigued...or the fact that the gift of a simple wildflower meant so much to me. But this moment would undoubtedly be one I'd remember for a long time. 0o0o0o0o And this marks the end of the first chapter. I hope you guys liked it, I really do. This is only a little parcel of what I have in store. Please review . They really do matter. Hopefully more very soon! :) Courtney xx