"He's cute" I admit. "Okay he's hot. But, he seems a little too pretty for my taste." I add.. "Suit yourself" Rose adds as she continues her notes. "I gotta start hanging out with more guys. I'm gonna start my period if I keep hanging around you three" Jasper laughs. Eventually, we take all the notes we need and it's 10 o'clock. Rose and Jasper leave to go back home. My parents aren't home yet. They must have gone out after they got off of work. After Angela goes to bed, I walk back up to my attic and get back to my guitar. I clear my mind and stare out of my window into the night sky and strum my guitar, turning notes into chords and just enjoying the sounds that resonate throughout my room. I hear a knock on my door. I turn around to see my parents coming into my room. "Hey" I say as I walk to meet them halfway and hug them. "How was work? Catch any bad guys? Sue any eco-terrorists into the poorhouse?" I ask playfully. "All in a day's work" dad laughs as he ruffles my hair. "Thanks for watching your sister. It meant a lot." Mom says. "You're welcome. It wasn't that bad." "We know that you had to miss your little practice and we're sorry." She adds. The comment about my "little practice" doesn't escape me. My parents and I can't seem to see eye to eye on my musical aspirations. Mom wants me to have "a real major" in college. They just don't get how much I crave it. They want me to major in Literature. I don't see that happening. "Well, there is always Friday's practice. Plus, we have that gig next Friday so we really need the practice." "Okay" dad says. "Actually, that's what we came up here to talk to you about." Mom starts. "About what?" "Your band" "What about it?" "We think that you can channel your… aspirations in a different way." "How?" I hope she's doesn't want me to quit. "You're a junior" I nod my head. "You're going to be applying to colleges before you know it." "I get good grades" I have a 3.8 GPA. I could have a 4.0, I just hate History so I always get Bs. "We know, honey" dad includes. "But you have no extracurricular activities. The colleges you're looking at- Georgetown- will need a lot more than a stellar GPA to catch their eye. "I have the band" "No activities that colleges will recognize" mom adds. "What are you trying to say? Do you want me to quit Social Siberia? Because I won't do it. I started that band." I tell them defensively. "We're not saying quit" dad tells, me calmly as he touches my hand to try to sooth me. "We just want you to channel your passion in another way" "How?" "We signed you up for this Musical History & Fusion class." My mom gushes. "It's taught by this British woman… Ms. Parker. She's worked with several famous bands and other artists over the years. It's about the history of music and how every genre is connected. It's a very prestigious program. Only 50 spots were available. I've been talking to her about you for the past couple of weeks. She's willing to add a spot for you as number 51. This actually seems okay. I don't understand why they're approaching me like I'm a time bomb. "It sounds cool" I say. I see their faces light up. "When is the class?" I see their faces fall. "Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays… from 5 to 7" "What?" I yell. " I have band practice those days!" "You're gonna wake your sister" my mom warns. "What's so bad about it?" "Your practically asking me to quit the band that I helped start. That's what's wrong" "We feel that it's best" "How?" "Let me see" mom starts. "You're out until at least 11 on those days practicing. Hell, even on other days. That's what making you late to school on the time because you keep oversleeping. Honey, you have to start thinking long term. I understand that you love your music. But, I can't… I won't let you mortgage your future on a band that probably won't be together in the next 2 years." "How can you say that?" I ask. " I go to school. I get good grades. I run your errands. I've never been in any serious trouble. I've never given you a reason to worry. What more do you want?" "Are you serious? You think we don't know the character of those bars and clubs you guys play at. Those are not safe places, Bella. We worry sick every time you play anywhere. You can still be involved with music-" "But I want my music mom. Christ, this is so fucking unfair!" I say. "Watch your mouth!" dad says to me. I can't believe that this is happening. I'm so mad I can't see straight. "You're going." "But mom-" "You. Are. Going." She enunciates. "Look." Dad interrupts. "If you can get your band to move practice times, fine. Have at it. But… you are going to those classes. Your mother pulled all sorts of strings to get you into that class. Not to mention the $15,000 price tag. I understand that this may come as a shock, but we're doing this for your own good." "Sure. Whatever" I say, as I put my guitar down and get under the covers of my bed. My parents talk some more, but I tune them out. I'm too tired. I find myself angry at the tears of anger that are spilling out of my eyes. This sucks Author's Note: I know that there wasn't any Edward in this chapter. However, you will get him soon. I got this idea from the plot line of Meg Cabot's book, All American Girl. I've changed a lot of stuff though.