that I have the same effect on her. There's an inch of skin where her shoulder meets her neck that had my attention all evening. Pale. Smooth. Begging to be licked. So I do. She tilts her head to the side, breathing my name as she does. I undo the buttons on the back of her dress, going much faster than she did with my shirt. As soon as they're free, she wiggles a little, the dress pooling at her feet. "You were naked? This whole time?" She turns, wrapping her arms around me as she faces me. "Did I forget to mention that?" "Must've slipped your mind," I mumble against her lips. She smiles before giving in to the kiss. Gone are the tentative kisses from earlier. Need consumes us both, as hands wander, teeth nip, and tongues soothe. We tumble onto the bed in a tangle of limbs, and I end up beneath her, totally at her mercy as she straddles me. "Bella—" "How about you let me lead for a while?" Like she hasn't been in control since day one. She reaches between us, wrapping her hand around my cock. I sigh, closing my eyes as she strokes me slowly, knowing how to bring me to the edge without falling over it. She begins to rock over me, the movements in sync with her hand. I bite back a groan when I feel her pussy over me, already so wet. So ready. When my stomach begins to clench, my cock throbbing almost painfully with the need to come, I wrap my hand over hers, stopping her movements. She looks confused but only for a second. She smiles softly, licking her lips. She lifts her hips, and I love that we're thinking the same thing. More. As she takes me in inch by hard inch, she leans forward and holds out her hands. No words are needed; I know what she wants: our complete connection everywhere. I raise my hands, and she slowly threads our fingers together, squeezing gently as they completely connect with mine. We are now one — body and soul. We both know it. There's no going back. A vision above me, Bella moves with the confidence of a woman who knows what she likes and knows how to get it. The way she works me, uses my body for her needs, makes her even more beautiful to me. She leans back, and her chest thrusts out. Her mouth is slightly open as she breathes through her pleasure. Shadows dance across her body, making me want to follow them with my tongue. I can't take my eyes off her. Her hips quicken, the slow pace forgotten as the need to come takes over. She rests her hands on my legs and lets me take over. Lets me take control. I can feel every exquisite inch and the way she trembles; she's as close as I am. My hand slips between us, finding her clit with ease. She hisses, her thrusts turning into sharp movements. My hips meet hers — as she moves down, I thrust up — and her answering moan echoes throughout the suite. Whispered pleas and words of encouragement — harder, faster — fill the air. When it becomes too much for her, she flops forward, her chest against mine. Slick skin against slick skin, we move faster and faster until I feel her clenching tight around me. Everything becomes too much; her whimpers as I continue to move against her, the way she nips at my collarbone, and the slight tug of my hair have me coming hard only moments after her. We remain joined together until I can feel her shivering. I kiss her forehead softly. "Get under the covers with me. Let's sleep." We're apart for only the seconds it takes to surround ourselves with the duvet. As soon as we do, she's back in my arms, her leg thrown over mine. She looks up at me with a lazy smile, and I know this is it. She's it. *Number 12* The following morning, we sleep late. When I wake, Bella's already awake and facing me. Last night's makeup is smudged under her eyes, and her hair's styled in a mess that can only be described as sex hair, but she still manages to look gorgeous. "We're going to miss afternoon tea if we don't leave soon." I roll on my side, mirroring her position. "About that." "What about it?" "What do you say to leaving early?" She leans up on her elbows, hovering over me slightly. "You want to leave?" She frowns, and it occurs to me she thinks I want this weekend to be over, that I want what we've had this weekend to come to an end. The uncertainty is clear on her face, the silence awkward between us as we try to figure out where to go from here. "I'm ready to leave my reunion, Bella. That's it. These people are my past. I thought I had something to prove to them." I close the gap between us and place my hand on her hips. I'm distracted by her smooth skin but only for a moment. "But you've shown me I don't." I cup her face gently in my hands, kissing from her chin to her mouth. She remains still, but I can feel the beginning of a smile. "You're my future, Bella. My Number 12 , and we're only getting started…" *Number 12* Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by leaving a review. If you happen to know the author's identity or "think" you do, please do not hint to this in your review, as this can compromise the author's anonymity and lead to disqualification. Add us to author alert to be notified of new stories. Want more info? Find us on Twitter at CPSffContest or visit our Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Facebook page. Public voting: February 21 2016 to March 6 2016.