notoriety. I would just put you in danger if I stayed with you." He gripped her hand tight and the tears that had pooled in the bottom of her eyes spilled over. The naive child fought within her, urging this man to stay, to fill her with his love and his soul despite the danger. The sensible part of her, the hard part that had hidden Jasper's body in a place that would buy her enough time to get Renee and her badly hurt infant child out of the state, the part that had thought to take enough valuables to trade for a new identity, took control. A strong sense of self-preservation had kept her from the gallows this long and just as she had learned to trust it in the past she knew to listen to it now. "Help me onto the horse then, the bay's a little bigger than I'm used to." He nodded and she could see the lump in this throat, the way that his lips trembled as he fought back his emotions. Without words he got to his feet and helped her up. He embraced her briefly, more businesslike than the hold of a lover. She tried to remember that moment, the way that he smelled, the way that he held her to him, the knotted scar on his shoulder, his slim waist, but there was too many details, too much of this man to take in. She deliberately avoided his eyes as he boosted her into the saddle then held onto the reins as she adjusted the stirrups and tucked her hair into the wide brimmed hat. "Goodbye Edward," she tried to be strong but the tears flowed again and this time she didn't try to wipe them away. "Goodbye Bella," his voice cracked and the tears that he had been holding back made his eyes wild and glassy. She didn't ask him exactly where he was going because that sort of knowledge was the kind of thing that could get them both strung up. His admission of his real name had already brought her further into his web of duplicity yet she appreciated the fact that he trusted her with that information. It gave her something real to remember him by, a name that she could roll over her tongue like a bitter-sweet sugary treat. He let go of the reins and she kicked the bay into a walk, then a trot. His hooves raised little plumes of dust with each step and she pulled up the bandana to protect her nose and mouth. The tears didn't stop but she made herself look forward, not back. In the cold light of day the decision was the correct one but she didn't think that her resolve would hold if she looked back and saw him watching her leave. "Bella, you're back!" Jake, standing on the wooden verandah of the saloon to case out the stranger riding up the street was clearly pleased to see that it was her. "I am," said Bella, sliding off of the horse. It was only grabbing onto the saddle bag as she hit the ground that stopped her exhausted legs crumpling underneath her. She had ridden for twenty four hours straight to get back to Rhyolite, stopping only for the most urgent calls of nature. "Could you put the contents of the saddlebags into the safe and ask Renee to heat the water for a bath?" "I surely can," he said, helping her wobbly form up the stairs with a strong arm. The girls fussed and flapped around her, oohing and aahing at the her strange attire and then the sight of the loot. She let them fuss, answering their questions with brief, non-committal answers but when the copper bath was full she shooed them out of the room and locked the door. The breath rushed out of her chest in a half sigh, half groan as she eased her aching muscles into the hot water, little scratches and raw patches on her lower back and bottom reminding her of the rough ground scraping against them in delicious pain but two nights previously. Yet with stillness came sadness. Her share of the proceeds would secure the future of the saloon, giving the girls a future beyond whoring and moving her into a whole new, legitimate business sphere. So why did the tears flow down her cheek unchecked? Why did her whole body rack with sobs so visceral that they seemed to rip into her soul as well as her body? Why did giving up Edward Cullen feel like the hardest thing that she had ever had to do in a life already dogged by hardship? She let the sorrow possess her, working through her until the water was cold and the girls knocked at the door in concern. As the sun went down and the room fell into darkness she rose from the cold water, drying herself briefly and getting back into a silk gown of gay red silk. It felt strange after her masculine attire of the last few days. She called Renee in to help her with the final fastenings then put the little Derringer into the skirt pocket, the knife back into the bodice and the larger knife into her boot. Smoothing her skirts she painted on a smile and opened the door to the bustling saloon just as Renee turned the handle to bring the hurdy gurdy organ burst back into jangling life. Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by leaving a review. If you happen to know the author's identity or "think" you do, please do not hint to this in your review, as this can compromise the author's anonymity and lead to disqualification. Add us to author alert to be notified of new stories. Want more info? Find us on Twitter at CPSffContest or visit our Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Facebook page. Public voting: February 21 2016 to March 6 2016.