hand now as Mikey flicked food at Emmett to entertain himself for the lunch period. "Disorders that make them love each other? They're twins though." Bella grumbled, obviously not liking the small fact. Charley nodded. "Yeah. I think the doctor knows, which is why Liccy is dating Edward, her foster brother. I think it's like an experiment or something to see if its biological links that make them love each other, or if it's like…something else. Apparently Edward wasn't against it though, considering everyone catches them in the bleachers doing something or another together." Edward's lips twitched in amusement as Liccy was glared at by Mikey as she giggled musically with Alice. Rosalie was glaring at Edward while the other two boys chuckled. "Why would he let them be together though? That's pretty disgusting…" Bella admitted. Charley shrugged. "I don't know. I think he's testing them or something on their disorder. It's not diagnosed, which is why nothing is being done. Everyone else says that they're just close, being two premature babies anyway that Mrs. Cullen almost lost." She said. "Why is Edward dating her though? Who is Mikey dating?" "No one. Mikey is single, but no girl is good enough besides his dear twin and Alice." Charley rolled her blue jealous eyes. Mikey gave a glare at the impish looking Alice who had a new plan from what Mikey's feelings were telling him. "Edward is in love with Liccy though. That's no lie. He's with her as the experiment I think, and because he loves her. She has a kid, too." Charley whispered. Bella's eyes widened. "What? Whose is it?" She whispered and took a peek at the Cullens who were together at their table. "It's her twins' kid! It looks exactly like him. I know their twins, but it looks like him, well, besides his eyes at least." "What about his eyes? Are they not gold?" "No, they're blue, and he's mentally retarded or something. That's how we think it's' Mikey's. From the incest." Charley whispered. Bella looked back at the blonde girl who was fiddling with her fork as she held onto Edward's hand. Bella felt a spike of jealousy in her for the movement of Edward putting his arm around Liccy's shoulder's in an intimate way. "How old is the baby?" Bella asked. "He's five. He stays home with their mom." Charley claimed. Liccy clenched her teeth together to fight off the urge of growling at the two girls that she could hear clearly. Only Edward's arm on her shoulders were keeping her from jumping up and attacking the two girls who claimed her child was disgusting. Liccy, instead, turned around to let her gold eyes glare at the brown-haired girl who turned back to Charley who was wide-eyed as she turned away as well. "Is she pregnant again?" Bella asked quietly. Charley shook her head. "No, but there's one other baby in the house, it's Liccy's other child." "Who's the father?" Bella grumbled. "Edward Cullen." Charley grinned and nodded over to the bronze-haired man. Bella went wide eyed again before looking back to the Cullens who were grinning now. "She has two kids already? How old is she?" "She's seventeen. She had her first kid when she was like...thirteen." "How old is this one?" Charley grinned. "She just had it, like…last weekend. It's a girl and looks a lot like Edward and her mixed, but the eyes…they're blue." She said confusedly. Bella thought that was weird. "Is that the disorder thing?" She asked. Charley nodded. "I think so. The baby is completely healthy, unlike her other one, so this one is definitely Edward's. It looks like him, so I know it's' his." She said surely. Liccy was smiling happily as she held Edward's proud hand. It wasn't a big mystery that she had a baby. She was abnormally gifted like her twin was. "That's weird. Why have both her twin and Edward in bed?" Bella asked Charley. The blue-eyed girl shrugged. "She's sick or something. Her twin is the disorder, but Edward is the experiment." She reminded. Liccy leaned into Edward's ear. "You're a nice experiment." Liccy whispered in humor. Edward grinned and chuckled. "Connor and Macy think so as well." He teased. "Have they forgotten that you had twins?" Rosalie huffed in amusement as she tore off her bread and threw it at Emmett for threatening Mikey who stood up. "Let's go, bro!" Mikey claimed. "You're on, little newborn." Emmett chuckled and stood up. Mikey just grinned and dashed away humanly, away from Emmett who was chasing him as well with Rosalie trying to call him back but failing. Jasper just chuckled as Alice and Rosalie sighed and followed after the two tumbling boys in the picnic area in a play fight with Mikey winning with his strength. "Men." Liccy rolled her eyes. Edward chuckled and pecked her marble cheek. "You know we love you." He teased. Liccy giggled musically. "I think it's still weird how I can give children as a gift." She mused over her and Edward's children that were human somehow. Jasper hummed. "Perhaps it's your disorder." He grew a glint in his eyes. Liccy grinned at that. "I suppose it is. Has Alice done her test yet?" She asked suddenly and excitedly. Jasper nodded with excitement evident in his gold eyes as he leaned back on two legs of his chair. "She's pregnant. Mikey is rather fertile." He chuckled. Liccy nodded and took out a note book to write something down. "So…Mikey can give girls babies, and I give men babies. I wonder if this one will look like you and Alice, and not Mikey and me. Rose's baby looks somewhat like Emmett, considering I carried her, but she looks somewhat of a mix between Emmett, Rosie, and me." She hummed. Edward chuckled. "This is just you running wild." He said fondly. Liccy grinned sweetly. "I'm only young, my second mate." She claimed. A little weird but kinda cute! Enjoy!