for their thirtieth wedding anniversary, and how his mother had hinted at wanting a more modern diamond ring. He said Carlisle had no idea and he sent me the link to the Tiffany's website so I could help them pick one. There really were only two rings that I fell in love with and, when he pressed me for an answer, I chose the round diamond." "Yeah, she chose the two carat round one. I had it made up and flew to Seattle three weeks later to propose. I think she got the shock of her life." "I could hardly speak to even answer him…but I managed to say yes." I put my head on his shoulder. "That's when she got cold feet," he says, rubbing my back. "He met my parents and they liked him. They seemed supportive but, after he went back, they told me they were worried, that he was English and that I'd be moving to join him. It was horrible, with him being so far away, and I started doubting whether it was the right decision. I thought it may be a rebound thing." "My fault. I shouldn't have overwhelmed her and rushed her." "Anyway, I needed to step back from everything and find out what I wanted. It seemed wrong to go from one serious relationship into another. I just needed to have a little time as Bella Swan, not somebody's girlfriend or fiancée. That's what this trip was all about." "I wasn't worried about it until I found out that Jasper was going. I knew he was up to something, so I thought I'd better get over here." "You know, I don't think he was, Edward. I think he needed to spread his wings like I did. You overreacted." "Maybe. I'm sorry you two had to see us airing our dirty laundry like that, but it's all cleared up now." "You're actually engaged?" Emmett is still not coping with the shock. "Yeah, she's going to come to New York to live with me soon," he says, screwing his finger into my ribs. "Probably," I say, giggling, knowing I'm going to, and watching his smile erupt as his arms come around me and he squeezes. Charlie's arms surround us in one huge heartfelt embrace. "So, have you met Carlisle and Esme?" she asks, completely on board with this. "Uh, Bella, I was going to talk to you about that. They're arriving in London in a few days. Could we visit on the way back and tell them in person?" Wow, that's a nerve-wracking thought, but I have to get this over with, and it would really be better to meet them before I move in with their son. We are flying home from London, albeit to two different destinations, so I nod and he looks at me for a moment. "I really do love you," he says with feeling, then buries his face in my neck. I hold his head, kiss his hair and whisper it back in his ear. Charlie looks at us admiringly. "You two are incredibly cute together. I'm very happy for you." "What's going on?" Jasper has appeared, looking worse for wear. He has several love bites on his neck – charming. "These two are engaged." Emmett answers him in a monotone, still getting his head around it. "Awesome," he says and then rushes out, throwing up over the side of the boat. At this point, I honestly think it's from the booze he consumed last night, rather than from our news. When I don't follow him, Charlie races to his aid and they stay out there talking while I clean up the kitchen. Edward helps me tidy while I wash up. "I think we'll get moving. Any objections?" "None at all. Congratulations, Edward." Emmett must have finally accepted the idea and they embrace. He leans over while I'm wiping up and kisses my cheek, speaking into my ear. "He's a good man, Bella." "I do know how lucky I am, Emmett." "Have you thought about where you'll get married?" Edward and I look at each other nervously, knowing that's going to be the next hurdle. Edward puts his arms around me. I giggle and say, "Let's see, it will either be in Forks, Seattle, New York or London." … We head out from Cassis, and I feel a little more confident with the boat. The wind is stronger today and less gusty as we head further east so, once the sails are set, we can relax for a while. It's fabulous. Charlie is playing DJ again, cranking it right up today, and only some of the songs are familiar to me. When I ask her, she comes up with names like "The Kooks," "The Wombats," and "The Verve." Edward and Emmett know them all well, though, moving their hips and their heads, smiling at her selections. She throws in some classic Brit rock like the Rolling Stones and The Beatles and it makes this voyage feel like a real party. Edward and I spend much of the time at the steering wheel, me holding on to it, and him holding me as we dance. I'm happy as my head swims with thoughts of my future: meeting his parents, getting my ring back and wearing it proudly, convincing my parents that I've finally made up my mind, leaving my job and moving to New York to seek a better one, getting married, maybe sailing past the Statue of Liberty together one day. There are so many unknowns, but I do know that, with Edward's love, anything is possible. When The Beatles' "Birthday" starts to play, we all know the lyrics and we sing at the top of our voices. I would like you to dance (birthday), Take a cha-cha-cha chance (birthday), I would like you to dance (birthday), Daaaaaance! I'm glad it's your birthday, Happy birthday to you! ... Have a wonderful birthday, Maple. Love and kisses and (((BIG HUGS))).