is what we are. No longer living, yet no longer dead. They despised that place, and all that is to go about it because of the sentence of me being forced there every day of eternity. Involuntarily, I gulped down a small lump within my throat. Edward glanced up from his cup as he took a small drink, his eyes connecting with mine. He was listening to me, as always. His eyes danced with concern and hidden comfort in me not to worry. There was no rush in telling them yet. If it came back that I was not to go, then was there need to tell them at all? The phone rang, and my heart stopped. "I'll get it." Rosalie stood from her seat before I could follow. In the other room, I listened while my family continued with their conversation. Edward didn't take his eyes off me, while I didn't take my eyes off my plate. ' Might I have a word with the hybrid of the house?' a female voice asked. My stomach twisted. " My niece?" Rosalie clearly sounded confused. I never received phone calls. If I hadn't been expecting a call, I might've been confused and surprised also. " Might I ask who's calling?" ' 031103.' The voice replied. Rosalie laughed. " I don't understand your number system. A name, if you please?" ' Amelia. Please, do hurry. I have important calls to make other than this.' With a scoff and a grumble, Rosalie agreed. " Give me a moment..." There was a sound of something being placed down, and then Rosalie entered the room. She smiled happily towards us all, and then let her bright topaz eyes land on me. "You have a call, Renesmee. An Amelia?" I'd be lying if I said I knew who Amelia was, for I'd never met one before in my life knowingly. So the look of confusion written on my face was genuine. I couldn't say it wasn't from the Hellix, for I'd heard the number identity; but I had been expecting Leopold to call with the news himself. Perhaps it is bad news after all? The recommendation had come back as a decline, and he could not bare to tell me himself? Despite this, I nodded my head and stood from the table. Squeezing past my aunt, I entered the next room and picked up the phone laying on the table; wired to the wall. On the other end, I could hear typing. She was still on the line. Sucking in a breath, I put on the kindest sounding voice I could muster. "Hello?" " 031095?" The stern sounding voice on the other end spoke. " Am I speaking to a miss Renesmee Cullen?" I nodded. Oh, wait... "Y-yes. This is she. Who's calling?" " This is 031103, receptionist from the red zone in Romania." My heart was beating in surreal tempo. This... This was the red zone on the line. Literally. It was them, or one of them. I didn't know what to think, do or say. Thankfully, she continued so words did not have to leave my lips. " I'm calling as a regard to 031928, a mister Leopold Hering. You recall of this man?" "I do. I met with him earlier today." " Indeed. He put forward your name as a recommendation in working here within the capital of Hellix. Our superiors read over this recommendation and took it to Vladimir and Stefan for further opinion. Your idea's, and your record in working with us appears to be spectacular, and they wish for you to join us here after all." I feared that my heart would stop at any moment. I feared that my tongue had ran off and refused to come back. I could not breathe, I could not think, I couldn't do anything other than stand there, mouth agape as to what I was hearing. " If you are open to it, you are to depart for Bucharest as soon as possible, where one of our employees will come and meet you to bring you to us. There, you will meet with your future superiors and fellow co-workers, be given a tour of our facility and brief introduction to our residents. Now, as for your departure; would tomorrow suit you at eight o'clock in the morning?" I glanced towards the clock above our fireplace. It was only seven at night now. Thirteen hours... " Miss Cullen? I must insist you give me an answer now so I can finalize it." "... Eight o'clock is fine." " Excellent. Well, I look forward to seeing you on your arrival, 031095. Until then, La Revedere." The line went dead, and I was left with the small beeping of the telephone and my heart hammering violently in my chest. I had done it... Despite the odds being against me, I had been accepted to one of the most highly restricted facilities within all of the world. I had been good enough, and now I was one step closer to my dream of being free... I set the phone back up, and turned to find my family all standing there. Their mouths closed and in thin lines, and their eyes portraying sadness. They had heard everything. Despite them having heard, I said the only thing I could. "I'm going to Romania." A/N: Hey there. Thanks for taking the time to read through this! This is just a little something I came up with after asking myself 'what would it be like if the Romanian coven were in rein rather than the Volturi?' In Twilight, the Volturi did defeat the Romanian's, taking their throne. So I just... Wondered what it would be like if the Volturi hadn't of defeated the Romanian's? I have a small idea as to where I'm going with this. Hopefully it takes your liking, and you can follow me on this new journey of Reneslec. Leave a review with your thoughts? Thanks guys. -C.H