walls, allowing me to see the cobwebs and blood splatters on the brick. This place is my worst nightmare, this place is my Hell. There's a big room across the hall, guarded by two grand doors. From under the doors I can see the faint flickering light of a fire and hear the soft clank of wine glasses and jewels. Three Horses knocks on the door and mumbles something else in their language to whoever was inside. A deep, smooth bass voice rumbles from inside. Three Horses pushes open the door and throws me on the ground. I gasp, bringing my hands out before me to break my fall. A huge animal skin chair sits before the fire. I cannot see my new master's face. I can only see his giant, bronzed arm, tattooed and muscled. Three Horses walks around front and begins to speak with his master. "I 'tought she might please you," he says. They laugh, and Three Horses shows the superior the bag of items they had collected from my house. Intricate china plates, pots, jewels, gold, and fine silver cups. I growl in disgust. "Out wit' you," the one in the chair says, and Three Horses is already on his way out of the door. I am still laying on the floor. I have not the strength to scramble away, but my eyes and heart are still those of a tiger and they still rage with fire. He stands up from his chair to his towering height of almost seven feet tall and looks down at me. It's dark and I can't see his face, or how disgusted he might be with me. I push myself up to my knees and look away from him. "'Dey call you Tiger Claw," he whispers. "You know why?" I shake my head, still refusing to look at him. "'Dey t'ink you strong." The barbarian finishes. "Strong man need strong woman." I hear his thundering footsteps near me. He fists his hand into my hair, and I wince, waiting for the painful yank. But it never comes. He gently turns my head towards his. My eyes widen and I gasp. He's the most beautiful specimen of man I've ever seen. His long hair is thickly braided and hangs down to his hips. His eyes are black and his eyelashes are thick black as well, making his face look darker. He has full russet lips, a cleft in his prominent chin, and defined cheekbones that make his manly face look perfectly contoured in the firelight. His huge finger finds my lip and touches the blood there. "How you do 'dis?" he asks me. I'm so startled that I can't find my words. I glance towards the door. "Three Horses?" I nod, and he grits his teeth. "Bastard should beat his own whores," he grumbles, and yanks me up by my arm. I stand in front of him weakly, uncomfortable in my dirty red dress. He stands back and looks at me. He slips off his fur vest, revealing a huge muscled chest and abs so prominent that they looked like they could grate cheese. I refrain myself from fainting at this man's sheer beauty. Suddenly, he raises his hand and tears off a strip of my red silk dress. I shriek and back away from him. "What do you think you are doing?" I hiss at him horror. He cocks his head, not quite understanding. His hands go around to his waist to untie the breechcloth that hid his manhood from her eyes. "No!" she put her hands up to cease his movement. She stumbled back to where the barbarian's bed was and gripped the fur covers. He looks at me like I have three heads growing out of my neck. "No?" he asks in confusion. " No ?" His hands fall away from his breechcloth as he narrows his eyes and sucks his lip into his mouth. My heart is pounding. He comes at me quickly and I scream, trying to jump away, but I am too slow. He wrestles me to the bed, lifting my skirts and struggling his way through my undergarments. "Be still!" he booms. There are tears in my eyes as he inserts a finger inside of me. He makes a noise, like he had contemplating something for days and just now found the answer to his question. He takes his finger out of me and pops it into his mouth, separating those sweet russet lips and swirling his juice-coated finger into his mouth. I stay still and silent, completely taken aback by what he is doing. Flames spark down near my groin as I watch as he looks into my eyes and greedily sucks my nectar off of his finger like it was some sort of fine wine. It was the most erotic thing I had ever experienced in my entire life. He took his finger out of his mouth and rested his hand next to my head. "Virgin," he whispers before laughing deeply. He steps away from me, still laughing. He throws a pile of furs in her direction, taking a sip of his wine glass. "Dress yourself, budurwa. I shall not bed you tonight." He sits back down in his chair. My heart pounds faster and faster. This was reality. Here I was in a barbarian castle, sitting indecently in the corner of a barbarian's room in a torn red dress as his whore. I can't do this. I won't do this. 0o0o0o0o Hausa Dictionary: (it gets a little nasty down here!) Ku zo nan: Come here. Wannan mutum yanã son ya kwanta ka dab da Emilia : This man wishes to bed you alongside Emilia. Farar fata karuwa: White slut/whore Kariya: Bitch Budurwa: Virgin Thanks for reading you guys! Review if you liked it. No one's ever written anything like this in the J/B fandom, so I'm really looking for thoughts and opinions and if I should go on. Thanks! Courtney xx