and my parents laughed. "I told you she'd love it." My dad said nudging my mom's arm. "Oh hush." She walked up to me "Hold out your hands, and close your eyes." She said, and I did what she asked. I held out both my hands, and felt something small get placed into my right hand. "Open your eyes." My dad said, and I did looking at my hands were a pair of keys. "I was only kidding you know." I said smiling more, than ever before. "But how can we afford this?" I asked, because I really wanted to know. "I was an only child, and before you were born my mother passed. Everything she owned went to me, fixing up the house I was able to sell it. The house helped me buy this property, and I may have won the lottery. Not the big thing, but $500,000 lottery. That helped pay to get this built by some folks in La Push, and the rest went to buy your car. Now since you don't want to move back to Key West, can we sell that house?" Dad asked me, and I nodded slowly. "I can just get a hotel room." "I'm glad you're happy here, please go look at the car." My mom said ushering me towards the gurage. I opened the door and turned the lights on, inside was a teal Volkswagon Jetta. "It's the newer model, so bluetooth everything, sunroof, heated seats, and you should see how big the trunk is. It could have held all your things for the camping trip." My mom said, I gave her a sideways hug. I couldn't think of the words to say. "So this is why you worked so much too, because you and dad had this planned." "We had the move planned, but unsure of where we wanted to move to. But yeah this was planned." "You guys are amazing." Moving on with the story, I'm skipping ahead about 2 weeks. So more characters get into this story before I head to chapter 2. Thanks for staying with me if you're still reading! It had been two weeks since I moved to Forks, Washington with my parents. I may have hated the constant rain, but I could live with it. I had an amazing few of the woods, and I was able to hike all I wanted. Today I wanted to go into town and head to some local stores. I don't own any jeans, long sleeve shirts, sweaters, boots, or a winter jacket. I could wait a bit longer for the jacket, but I knew I'd need everything else since I couldn't really leave the house in my "super summer" clothes. I walked into my closet and grabbed a pair of capris, and a dark green tight fitting shirt. I pulled on a pair of black vans, fluffed up my hair, and put in my green contact. I still wasn't ready for people to see my true eye colors yet. I walked into my bathroom washed my face and brushed my teeth before grabbing my purse and heading downstairs. "Mom, I'm going shopping." I said entering the kitchen, she sat at the kitchen table reading the paper. "Okay, can you pick up some chicken as well? I want to make chicken alfredo for dinner." She said looking up at me with a smile. I nodded and headed to my car. I drove to the local outlet mall, and parked far from others. I didn't want my car to be dented or scratched. Grabbing my purse I exited the car, and quickly walked to a clothing store. I entered and quickly grabbed different styles of jeans to try on. Then I grabbed a nice red fitted sweater to try on as well. I tried on all the jeans, most were super skinny jeans and I was in love with them. Some had a few tears in them, I guess that's the new style. The red fitted top would work for a nice date or just if I ever wanted to dress nice. I bought everything I tried on, and if my parents didn't like it I'd return them. I left the store carried two large bags, I didn't feel like carrying the bags for the rest of my trip so I made my way to my car. On my way back to the stores I was stopped by what I assume was an overly friendly guy, "Hi." He said, I gave him the once over. Blonde hair, blue eyes, about 5'9'', not so built, and he wasn't my type. "Hi." I replied back, I saw him slowly drag his eyes over me. "Take a picture it might last longer." I snapped trying to walk around him. "I'm sorry, I'm Mike Newton. Are you new? I mean you have to be new, I've never seen you around here before." "Yeah I moved here a few weeks ago, I'm Anastasia." I said, and he smiled I noted he had dimples and it added to his cute factor, but he still wasn't my type. "So you're going to Forks High School? What grade will you be in?" "Yeah, and I'll be a junior. Can I finish my shopping? I'm not looking for some guy to hit on me yet, or try to be my friend. I can wait till September for that." I managed to get around him, and quickly took of to finish my shopping. "Yeah ok, I'll see you…" I heard him call, and I couldn't help but smile. I had made his day, and the ruined it in five minutes. A/N: So this was a bit lengthy sorry, but next chapter will be better. More people, and yes I'm skipping the summer break since nothing happens. I hope you can wait till I get this next chapter out. I've been thinking about this story for a while, so please favorite and review tell me how I did. xo