loud moans falling from her lips. She'd never felt something quite so exotic or amazing. She'd never moaned so loud. He had only fucked her. He had never kissed her like this, or touched her in such a way down there. Jacob grabbed her thighs in his hands and wrapped her legs around his head, pressing down a little harder on her sweet spot with his lips. She gasped loudly, cradling his head in her hands and tugging at his hair with her fingers. She didn't know what to make of the strange feeling that was bubbling up inside of her. She didn't know what it was, but it felt so good. She never wanted him to stop. Jacob forced his tongue against her, licking at her furiously. He made jelly of her with the way he kissed her womanhood so passionately. She shuddered and arched her back into him as something powerful washed over, making her vision starry and her muscles to convulse around his tongue. He lapped up every drop that came from her body and smacked one kiss to her thigh before sitting back, pleased with himself. And she looked at him through her hooded eyelids. He smiled, his lips glistening with her juices. It was the most erotic thing she'd ever seen in her entire life. She leaned her head back and rubbed her hands over her face with a moan. "What was that...that feeling?" she asked him. He furrowed his brows together. "You never...?" She shook her head and turned red in the cheeks. "I suppose he was never very good at it." Jacob laughed and sat back on his haunches. And she turned even redder when she saw his tall, erect member standing tall against his stomach. "That is s'posed to be the outcome of lovemaking," he explained to her with a chuckle. "For both man and woman." "I have much to learn," she whispered to herself. "And I have much to teach," he responded. She blushed bright red, not realizing that he had heard her. She opened her legs and layed back against the furs, inviting him to come and have his way with her. After all, it was the duty of a wife to do so, especially after her new husband pleased her so well. He did crawl through her legs, but not to fuck her. He picked her up into his arms and placed her on the pillows gently. "Sleep," he said. "You do not want to fuck me?" she asked him, feeling most confused. "I do not fuck ," he made a face, like the word was pure poison. "I make love only. And while I would love to have my way with your beautiful body, which entices me so, tonight will be for your pleasure and yours alone." He covered her with the heavy fur blankets and settled down next to her, blowing out the candles on the endtable. Outside, the wind screamed and the walls of the tent shook violently. She looked over at him in the dark, but he was already looking at her. "Your kindness is like a gift I do not deserve," she whispered. "I know why your people hate me, and they have the utmost right to. I know the war everyone speaks of...where the blood of the deceased turned the Astian River red...and your lands were burnt and barren as far as the eye could see. But I feel for you, Jacob. I despise the Forksians...perhaps even more than you do." "Truly impossible," he chuckled humorlessly. "My hatred for the Forksians runs deeper than the oceans. They killed everyone I cared for." Tears bubbled at her eyes. "I'm so sorry." "You are the only exception," he told her with a gentle smile. He squeezed her hand underneath the covers. "It is not your fault. I will not hold you responsible for something that was not your doing-you are merely from the kingdom." Then he laughed. "It is not like you were a general, commanding the armies." She closed her eyes and nestled against the pillow, trying to push away the bad memories. He didn't know. He didn't know anything . She sighed, feeling the bad memories starting to resurface. In an effort to push them away, she turned to him quickly. "Do men here kiss their ladies down there often?" she questioned rather bluntly, willing to change the topic. "Yes," he replied rather proudly, turning to his back and staring up at the ceiling. "Not in Forks?" "Not in Forks, no," she responded. "Forks is not as good in lovemaking, then. Another win of the wild, it seems," he said plainly. She laughed, actually laughed , and settled back against the pillows. "I suppose you're right, then. It's virtually unheard of in the kingdom. Does the taste...not repulse you?" "No, never. It tastes good," he told her with a sly smile. " Very good." Her face flushed and she could feel the heat in the pit of her stomach bubbling up. He rolled over onto his side and threw an arm over, pulling her back against his stomach. He cuddled into her and sighed. Bella was astounded. Her late husband had never wanted to embrace. He hated the very idea of it. But here was Jacob, holding her in his arms without shame and falling asleep with his nose in her hair. She snuggled back against him, thankful for the added warmth. It was a very cold night, after all. Sometimes, it took her years for her to trust people. But in this case, it only took a night to convince her of him. 0o0o0o0o End Note : Thanks for reading! Tell me if you enjoyed it and leave a review if you would like me to continue this. I'm a little unsure of this one, but if enough of you feel strongly about it, I'll continue for you all. I have a plot and everything in mind. Again, thank you. Courtney xx