offered. It was purely Edward, and again it invaded all my senses reminding me of how much I had missed him, but I can't let him do this to me. His eyes bore into mine for the longest time, he was searching for something, what I don't know, but I don't think he found it. "How can you even think of doing something like this?" There was no hiding the pain in his voice, and his eyes became red almost as if he were about to cry. "I don't want this thing in me," I said through gritted teeth. Damn him for making me feel sorry for him. "This is my child, our child," he said stretching his palm over my stomach. The hurt in his eyes was replaced with his stone cold look. "And in half an hours' time your child will be nothing more than medical waste," I said with a proud smile on my face. The door burst open, my head turned to see Ronnie. Edward never took his eyes off me. "Hey there, sweet cheeks, long time no see," he said with a fucking smile that I wanted to wipe right of his face. "Fuck you," I said. He held his hand over his heart, pretending to be hurt by my words. "Ed, we gotta go, security is on its way up." "Oh, would you listen to that, well you better run along then," I said. Edward growled, he picked me up and threw me over his shoulder. "Ronnie, grab her clothes and the cousin from the waiting room," Edward ordered. I pounded my fists on his back screaming for him to put me down, but it was no use. Ronnie grabbed my clothes and then Gina too as we passed through the waiting room. People were staring at us as we passed in horror, yet none of them made a move to stop this and help me, stupid morons. Edward put me in the backseat of a car, he climbed in next to me, and Gina was on the other side effectively trapping me between the two of them, Ronnie climbed in the driver's seat. "Did you tell him I was here?" I asked Gina. "No, come on Bella, you know I wouldn't do that," she said, grabbing my hand. "Sweet cheeks, your phone has a GPS locator on it," Ronnie said. "My phone has been turned off ever since I left Chicago," I said. "I may have opened it," Gina said. "YOU WHAT." "I wanted to know if you were really okay. I called John and Mary from your phone told them that you were okay and you were with me. They wanted to come down, but I told them not that you needed some time to yourself, they're really worried about you. You just up and disappeared, Bella." "We didn't need the phone to be on. Bella. The tracker works if the phone is powered or not," Ronnie said. "So, if you knew where I was this whole time, why didn't you come earlier, why now?" "The thing about that, sweet cheeks, I knew where you were but that fucker back there didn't. I figured you needed your space." "So why did you decide to tell him now, why are you two here now?" "I called you yesterday and your cousin answered, she told me what was going on," Ronnie said, looking at me the rear-view. "You told you me you didn't say anything," I said to Gina. "I had to do something, you were about to make a big mistake, Bella," she said. "I don't believe this, I trusted you." "Don't be mad at her, sweet cheeks, she's only looking out for you and the baby." "There will be no fucking baby, do you all understand that. I am going to get rid of this thing, and then I am going to rid myself of all of you." Besides me, Edward gripped my hand to the point of pain, it took everything in me not to cry out. "Drop Gina home, and then were going to home." Edward said. "I am not going anywhere with you," I spat at him. "Don't fucking push your luck with me, kitten. I'm controlling my temper, but I swear to God I'm about to fucking lose it, and you're going to be on the receiving end," he said. "Fuck you," I said. He grabbed my jaw roughly, making me stare into his blazing green eyes filled with rage. "Watch your fucking mouth." Two hours later, Gina was dropped off home. Edward and Ronnie came up to make sure I packed my things. I did not, Edward did it for me. I have not said a word to him since the car ride, and I don't plan to. He cannot do this to me, he cannot control every aspect of my life, and what goes on inside my body. He lost all right to do that the moment I found out the truth. The truth still hurt, and it stung to think about it. It made a gaping hole in my heart knowing I had betrayed my parents, my brother, by not only sleeping with, but also marrying the man that killed them, and now I'm carrying his monster inside of me. When Edward announced we were headed to the airport, I was excited, because airport security is so tight, now all I have to do is scream help, and I know I'll be taken away from him. My excitement was short lived when Ronnie pulled onto the tarmac alongside a private jet. I sighed, frustrated. Damn it, there goes my escape plan. "What's the matter, kitten, you thought I would take you through the main terminals, you thought you would have a chance to escape," there was no hiding the smugness in his voice. I stayed silent, knowing I did not have a way out of this. "You left once, but you will never leave again."