me… she's a federal marshal. I reach inside her purse and pull out a gun. Motherfucking fuck duck is right. She played me. I fell right into her hands, and now she had me by the balls. I put the badge and gun back in the purse and hide it under the cushion on the couch. I walk over to the closet and find my shoulder holster with my gun. I stand next to the bed with my gun in my hand and wait for the bathroom door to open. If it's true and she played me, Isabella Swan will rue the day she fucked with Edward Cullen. ~Bella~ I step out of the shower with a smile. The butterflies in my stomach feeling hasn't worn off yet. I wipe the fog from the mirror and start to dry my hair. I reach down and open the drawers to see if there is a brush. The smile wipes from my face when I don't find a brush… but a gun. I pick it up and examine it. The initials E.C. were on the bottom… Edward Cullen. Now I know where I've heard that name before. Edward Cullen is a notorious Italian mob boss in Chicago. There was a pending investigation on him and his family, but there wasn't any concrete evidence to convict them. My eyes start to water. Damnit Edward… the one time I finally find someone to connect with, and he has to be a motherfucking crime lord. I bang my head against the wall. Unfortunately, I know what I have to do, and I don't want to do it. I took an oath, it's my job to stop people like Edward. My grip tightens on the gun before I put it down. I grab a robe and put it on. I pick the gun back up and take a deep breath. I look in the mirror. I tell myself I can do this. He's not worth it. Not worth it… I cock the gun and aim it low in front of me and slowly open the bathroom door. ~Edward~ I hide around the corner with my gun pointed to the ground. I take a deep breath through my nose. I wasn't going to back down. She's a fucking federal marshal for Christ sake. I'm a killer, I kill in cold blood. I bring my gun up to my chest and cock it quietly. I wait silently for her to round the corner. ~Bella~ I walk out of the bathroom slowly and hold the gun out if front of me. I don't see Edward in the room. I quietly creep up against the wall and slowly walk along it. I stop when I reach the edge of the kitchen. It was quiet through the suite…too quiet. I hold my breath and stare at the entry way to the kitchen. Here goes nothing. I jump out the same time Edward does, both of us point our guns at each other. ~Edward~ We glare at each other. Our expressions are identical, determined to end each other's lives. Unspoken questions flow in between us as well as mixed emotions. I have my finger on the trigger, but hesitate to pull it when I stare into her beautiful brown eyes. Fuck me, but I can't do it. Memories of last night start to flood back to me. I slowly lower my gun, but Bella doesn't. If she killed me it would be fine, as long as I didn't have to kill her. "I won't do it baby," I whisper. ~Bella~ I held my gun where it was. When Edward lowered his gun my expression hardened. Crime lords weren't supposed to back down. They were ruthless, cold blooded killers. He's a monster... "Come on!" I cry out and jab my gun in his direction. He only continued to stare at me. He shakes his head. "No," he whispers. He takes apart his gun and throws the pieces on the floor. He holds his hands out in front of him. "Edward, no!" I cry out again but this time it sounds more like a sob. I can feel tears run down my face. He continues to stare at me. "You do what you need to do, baby." What a fucking prick. He knows I have to do this, it's my job. I can't believe he just stands there with his hands up in surrender. It would be easier if he had his gun pointed at me, but this is much worse. He makes me feel things I shouldn't. We could never be together in the real world. Both of our worlds are too chaotic… but when I look into his green eyes… I see the man who makes me laugh, who's touch sets me on fire, and who makes me feel safe in his arms… I let out a whimper and that was all Edward needed. He knocks the gun from my hand and closes the space between us, takes my face in his hands and captures my lips with his own. I cry into that kiss and let out all my anger, sorrow, and happiness. He swallows it down with ease. He pushes me up against the wall and rips the robe from my body all the while frees himself of his jeans. He enters me in one thrust and we both cry out. We don't speak, no words could describe this moment. He takes me roughly against the wall and I'm loving every second of it. My orgasm comes quickly, as does his. He holds me tightly and I feel utterly shattered. We still don't speak when he carries me to the bed. He lays me down and settles in next to me. We gaze at each other silently. He smiles and caresses my cheek with his hand. I smile back and place my hand on his. Despite our differences, we still managed to have something perfect in our world of chaos.