I look like a dick?" I gave him a thorough observation. His button down shirt was a crisp, clean sage green that made his eyes look like the perfect accessory for his outfit. His black slacks looked custom tailored, though I knew it was off the rack. But apparently, Mr. Klein made them with Edward in mind. Edward was, in every sense of the word, gorgeous. From the top of his perfectly tussled hair to the heel of his Italian loafer was sheer perfection. "Edward," I sighed again. "Honestly, you look good. She'll be impressed," I assured him. "Would you be impressed?" he asked shyly, nervously. Why did it even matter? "I guess." I shrugged. "But you don't need to impress me and even if you did, labels don't do it for me." He looked at me strangely before nodding. "Gotcha. Gimmie a minute to change." "Why?" I yelled toward the closet. "I thought she was going to be here soon." He didn't respond, but instead emerged a minute later wearing jeans and an old high school t-shirt and bare feet. That was the Edward that I adored. That I knew. "Better?" he joked. "Much." I was serious." I hopped off the bed. "I should get going. It would be awkward if I was still here when she gets here." "Yeah, okay. I'll walk you out." We reached the bottom of the stairs. "One quick question before you go. Jasper and I were having an argument – don't ask me why – but he said that hot dogs were you're favorite food. I said sloppy joes. Who's right?" "What?" I laughed. "It's sloppy joes," I confirmed. "If that's what you guys talk about then I'm seriously worried about all the money you're wasting on a college education." "Har har." He rolled his eyes. "One more thing." "Shoot." "If I asked you out on a date, would you have accepted?" he asked seriously, taking a step closer. What? I wanted to call him out for being stupid and for not realizing the heaviness of such a loaded question. "Funny, Cullen," I deadpanned. "I'm gonna go." "No," he replied seriously grabbing a hold of my wrist. "If I asked you out, would you say yes?" The look in his eyes told me he wasn't joking. "Why does it even matter?" I asked angrily, yanking my wrist out of his grasp. "You have a girlfriend." "Bella," he breathed. He was inches in front of me; my face was in his hands. "If I asked you out, would you say yes?" he asked slowly – almost a whisper. "Yes," I finally answered as I fought to control my emotions and tears. In a motion too quick for human eyes, his lips were on mine. A light pressure turned heavy, turned desperate. In return, I was grasping on to the moment, the feeling of his smooth, full lips. When he pulled away, I wanted to protest but knew that I had no right. He kissed me in a moment of weakness. A moment of fear and confusion. "I have to tell you something," he whispered. "There is no internet girl." I pushed back to look at him fully on. "I described her like you because she is you." "What?" I cried. "I was hoping you'd catch on; call me on my bullshit. Why didn't you?" he asked sadly. "Be…because, it didn't make sense for you to like me. It doesn't make sense now." "It makes perfect sense, Bella," he countered, holding my face tenderly. "You're my best friend and the most generous person I know. You don't take my shit and you give as good as you get. You're…perfect." I scoffed and pulled away. "I'm perfect because I play sports and take a joke as good as the next guy. Thanks, Edward." I threw my hands up and interlocked my fingers on top of my head. I felt a headache of epic proportions coming on. "Do you want me to tell you that you're pretty?" His voice was coated with irritation. When he said it, it sounded dumb and I felt dumb for wanting such petty validation. "The makeup and skirt," he scoffed. "You're not going to get that from me." It was if I had been slapped. What did I really expect to happen? Edward to compare me to a supermodel? "I know," I whispered. I turned to leave. Again, Edward grasped my wrist before I could get to the door. "The makeup and skirt was nice," he began softly, "but not necessary. You don't need it, Bella. You're not pretty because you're breathtaking." He leaned in and kissed me gently. "You're a great competitor, but you're so much more than that. And," he hesitated, "I want to be more with you." Wrapping my arms around his neck, I allowed myself to cry into his shirt. Never had I thought I could be so happy. Things like this – almost like a fairy tale – didn't happen to me. I was the princess' friend who was forgotten as the story progressed and she found her prince. I was girl that guys felt no qualms about giving noogies. I was the good buddy. "Ask me again," I asked, my breath wafted over the soft skin of his neck. "Will you go out with me, Bella?" "Yes." He hugged me tight and whispered in my ear. "I have a surprise for you." I pulled back and looked at him quizzically. "I made sloppy joes for you," he chuckled. I pulled him by his collar and as his mouth found mine again I finally knew what it felt like to be out of the friend zone. AN : Deonne, I hope you enjoyed this little story! If you would like to see all the stories that are a part of this exchange visit the facebook group: Fanficaholics Anon: Where Obsession Never Sleeps, or add the C2 to get all the stories direct to your inbox. community/FAGE-8-Soul-Mates /93625/