dating Bella. Two birds with one stone and all that. I was still trying to get my hearing back from the loud shriek that had erupted through the tinny earpiece of my cell phone. I knew she was going to be excited, but I'd never expected to go partially deaf because of it. And I'd paced the length of the airport as I listened to her go on and on about how she was so happy and about how perfect the two of us must look together and about how she couldn't wait to tell my grandmother about all of it. I'd just rolled my eyes and let her talk, thinking that Alice was more like my mother than I'd originally thought she was. I'd been forced to tell her that I needed to go and had quickly hung up when she finally let me, all but sprinting out to the car and getting in as quickly as possible. After all of that, I wanted to see Bella. No, want wasn't a strong enough word. I needed to see Bella. I needed to get home to Bella. Because Bella was home to me and I didn't want to waste anymore time than I had to being without her. I had four more days until her vacation finally started. Four more days and I was spending the rest of my last week in this town with her. There wouldn't be any interruptions like her having to go to work or my sister interrupting us; an entire week completely to ourselves. She could get the sleep she desperately needed and I could… just be with her. There wouldn't be an alarm clock to wake either of us up at an ungodly hour and I'd already planned on unplugging my damn phone. I wasn't going to check my email and I wasn't going to turn on my cell phone if we ventured out of the house. But I didn't see that happening, either. I had more than enough supplies to keep the both of us comfortable for the rest of the week. There was absolutely no need to leave the house and I planned on keeping it that way. Pulling into the bookstore driveway, I looked around, surprised when I saw all the cars in the parking lot. It was busy. It hadn't been busy since I'd gotten there. I sighed, happy that she was getting the business she obviously needed but a little disappointed that I wouldn't be able to have her entirely to myself for at least a few minutes during the day. Fixing the hat back onto my head, I got out of the car and quickly walked to the door, pushing through it and meeting a solid wall of people who appeared to be waiting in line to check out. "Sorry," I mumbled, skirting around people as I made my way to the front counter. I expected to see a stressed out Bella, ready to tear her hair out as she sat behind the counter, ringing people out as they bitched and complained about the long wait. Instead, I saw Angela standing there, a bright smile on her face as she happily rang out books and chatted away with the group of customers closer to her. I blinked, tipping my head up to look around the crowded front room for any sign of Bella. And why in the hell was Angela here? Did I miss something? Hadn't Bella said that she was a photographer? Hadn't Alice and I just discussed setting up an appointment with her this morning? "Angela?" I asked softly, stepping up to the side of the counter. "I'm sorry, sir," she said cheerfully, looking over to smile at me even as she continued to ring up the books sitting in front of her. "I'll be with you in just a moment." I blinked at her. I did meet her and her husband last night, right? And I was actually dating Bella, wasn't I? I hadn't fallen asleep and dreamed that all of this had happened, had I? "Angela," I tried again. "Sir," she said again, her previously cheerful smile now completely forced as she looked over at me. "I'll be happy to help you in just a minute." "I'm looking for Bella," I finally sighed out, a little flustered and very confused about this whole thing. I couldn't have possibly dreamed all of this. I mean, it was all too real; I knew how Bella felt in my arms, I knew how her lips felt against mine, and dammit, I know that Rosalie threatened me before they all left last night so why in the hell was Angela acting like she didn't know me? "She's helping someone. I'm sure that as soon as she's done, she'll be able to deal with you. Until then, cowboy, please wait," she said under her breath, smiling brightly as she handed the customer her shopping bag. My eyes widened and I licked my lips, quickly remembering that I had the hat on my head. How I'd forgotten about it was a completely different story, but now at least it all made sense. I relaxed, nodding at her as I stepped away from the counter and took a deep breath. I hadn't been dreaming. I wasn't losing my mind and most importantly, I was with Bella. That's all that really mattered. I walked around the front room, my hands behind my back as I stared hard at the doorway leading into the book room. I could go in there. Nothing was stopping me. I didn't have to wait out here and watch Angela send me curious glances whenever I wandered a little too close to the front counter. Things would've been so much easier if there weren't so many people around. And why were there so many people around? I sighed, my fingers twitching with the urge to run them through my hair as I continued to pace around the room.