sold sign in the foyer… Suddenly everything clicked into place as the door to the lift pinged open. "No…" she screamed. Rose and Edward looked at her as if she had gone mad. She went running back... "Edward the key..." she yelled, Edward stumblingly pulled the key out of his pocket confused. Bella couldn't get the lock open fast enough. Everything was like in slow motion. She kicked the door open and ran to the terrace. There Emm stood on the other side of the railing looking down the 20 floors to the street. "Emm." She yelled. "Holy shit." Yelled Rose coming in. "Fuck." Yelled Edward. "Emm, come off the ledge." Bella said quietly but firmly. "I told you to wait till you got home." Emm said not looking at them. "This isn't going to solve anything Emm." She continued. "Looks like a pretty good solution to me." Said Emm. Bella was wracking her brain for what to say. Tears started to flow down her face. Then Edward spoke up. "Emm. Don't… please… I don't know what I'd do if you were gone…" said Edward inching closer to Emm. Emm gave a hollow laugh. "Seriously… these few weeks without you. I haven't been able to think straight. I need you." "Like a glutton needs his lunch." Said Emm bitterly. "OK I deserved that… I deserve a lot more. Help me Emm." Emm turned to look at Edward a questioning look on his face. "I want to be a better person, really… if you jump now you'll never know if I am… you'll die hating me and I don't want that… please let me make it up to you." Emm looked away. "All the whoring around I've done… it's because I'm frightened." "Lie I give a shit." Said Emm. "I'm frightened because I'm in love with someone and they aren't my type… and there too good for me. Always will be. There smart and funny and have everything going for them. People like being around him. All I am is a face and a cock. People don't want to know what I think or feel. Not like him. I could jump off that ledge and everyone would have a party… he's going to be missed. I'm going to miss him." Said Edward. Emm was looking at Edward puzzled. "I've been bad to him. Worst of all I deliberately lied to him to kill his relationship…. Just because I selfishly wanted him alone with me again." "What?" asked Emm. "I never slept with Jasper Emm… you were right, I'm a top… there is only one guy I've ever wanted to give myself too, but I've ruined it with him and that's never going to happen." "What are you talking about." Said Emm. "When I found out about Alice and Jasper…. I couldn't tell you. I knew you would find out and be hurt. But I knew you too well. I knew that unless you really hated Jasper then you would go back to him crawling, begging for him back… and maybe Jasper would be enough of an ass hole to string you along... I couldn't see that happen. I didn't know that you would go this far... I thought we could get back to the way we were. But maybe this time you wouldn't put up with my shit. I thought maybe we could be friends again. I thought maybe…" his voice died off. "But what about all the tricks…" "I did that because I wanted you… I was just a dumb kid. I kinda thought that maybe if I got you jealous enough you'd come storming in and kick them out and take what you wanted all along. I guess I really still am a dumb kid." "But you talked to me like shit?" "Only at the end... when I thought you didn't give a shit what I did. I thought I'd lost you. You were disgusted in me by then. I've fucked it all up haven't I." said Edward tears streaming down his face. "I'm sorry… I'm sorry… I'm sorry." "Oh boy are you dumb." Said Rose bitchily. "Edward… No more tricks…" "No." Emm stood there thinking. He looked down at the pavement far below. A bunch of school kids walked past skipping on their way home from school. Emm let out a breath… he couldn't. Not like this. He climbed over the balcony and Edward and Bella ran over to help him. Edward hugged Emm and kissed him all over his face. Emm pushed him back and held him at arms distance. He looked closely into his green eyes and saw no deception there… He then planted his lips firmly on Edward's. Finally, they broke apart. "Thank god no one saw that." Said Emm. "Phtt… get real, first thing I did was call the TV stations." Said Rose and pointed up, a helicopter with a camera man dangling out of it was hovering overhead. "Like I was going to pass up this opportunity." Said Rose. "I wonder if they got what you said Edward…" asked Emm. "I don't care… you did that's all that matters. Let me make it up to you. Please." "Ok… I guess some of the best things in life are hidden in plain sight… I think we'll start with a holiday. I think you away from the temptation of 'Gomorrah' would help things." "Where?" "I was thinking maybe a skiing trip. I hear the Yukon is beautiful and hasn't got one gay club…" Edward nodded. The armpit of the frozen north it was; he'd at least have a big bear to keep him warm. End Notes Well this is the first story I have ever completed… I hope you all liked it. There was going to be more scenes but I cut them out to speed up the story, particularly the 'Emm telling Edward about Jasper' scene and 'Emm and Jasper out on the town'. I might post them as outtakes if anyone requests them.