had never experienced anything like this. He didn't know if he could take any more. He just wanted Luke to cum in him so it would stop. "Please cum, please cum." He began to beg in a chant. But his cock was still rock hard and soon he was heading for orgasm number three. He stopped his chanting and just held on. His cock was sandwiched between their bodies slicked with both cum and sweat and the friction of their body hair felt amazing. Soon orgasm three ripped from him and Luke kept up the pace changing angle occasionally, sometimes shallow strokes, sometimes deep. Sometimes he would deliberately avoid his gland to tease him then just when Edward least expect it he would hit it and Edward would see stars again. Edward was panting like pig on heat now. He was sweating hard. His hands explored along the planes of Luke's back, greased by Luke's copious sweat. Finally, after orgasm? Edward had lost count, Luke finally muttered the fatal words. " 'fraid I can't hold on any longer, your too hot… gotta cum. Is that OK?" "Please cum in me. Cum for me baby." Edward moaned and this turned on Luke immensely and his hard cock became even harder, like a rock with the proximity of climax. He picked up the pace pumping fast and deep into Edward. Deeper than before. He was stretching Edward to the brink; grinding past his gland. Edward knew he would have another orgasm even though he was sure he had no more cum to shoot. "Oh God Luke, your making me cum again." He shouted as his body was taken over by waves of pleasure emanating deep within him. Yet again his hole closed like a vice on Luke's now rock hard cock and he rammed into Edward nearing climax. His cock getting harder and harder and his head got even larger. Edward was beside himself. "So hard, so big." He was mumbling incoherently. Finally, this smut talk was too much and with a deep groan Luke shot his load into the sheath deep inside Edward. He pumped and pumped like a mad man as he milked his manhood into Edward, pushing deeper and still deeper, spreading Edwards cheeks with his hands to achieve even greater depth. Edward cried out at the increased ferocity, the burn of Luke's cock at maximum size, hardness and penetration. Finally, Luke slowed and stopped, still buried deep in Edward. They lay panting, stroking each other. kissing passionately. Their kisses slowly subsided to gentle reaffirmations of their bond. Luke finally began to soften and he reluctantly pulled out, Edward letting out a whimper at the loss after being so completely filled for so long… longer than ever in his life. Luke kissed Edward chastely then pulled away to pull the rubber off and throw it in the bin. Wrapped thoughtfully in a dozen tissue so Alice wouldn't get a surprise, though God knows how she could have slept through the noise Edward was making. Luke went to the bathroom and got a washcloth to clean Edward, which he did tenderly, like a mother with a newborn. He then cleaned himself and took it back and putt in the laundry basket, wrapped up in a pair of Edward's used boxers, yet again so Alice would find no evidence. Not that he was embarrassed of what they did, on the contrary, but he thought it rude to display their enjoyment when Alice had nothing but a pillow to comfort her. Luke came back to bed; Edward was still lying there so blissed out he couldn't move. Luke helped him up the bed further so his head was on the pillows, he then dragged the covers out from under him and climbed in with Edward, holding him tight. "That was the best night I have ever had." Said Luke. "Really?" asked Edward in a far off voice. "It certainly was for me." Finally pulling himself together He glanced at the bedside clock. And chuckled. "We've been fucking for over two hours." Said Edward. "Told you I could go that long." Said Luke sounding please with himself. Edward thought he had every right to be. "I thought it would hurt… you know doing it that long." "Not if the guy knows what he's doing." Said Luke "You OK down there, I was a bit too ruff at the end… I'm sorry if your sore." "No, only in a completely fucked and feeling great way… I mightn't be able to sit properly tomorrow, but that's good, it will remind me of tonight." "Maybe you could come with me tomorrow to my country place… we could have some alone time." "Yeah that would be great." Said Edward dreamily. "Though the sex was unbelievable… I think this is the best part… the closeness." Said Luke. "Mmmm." hummed Edward in agreement but slightly questioningly. "I've never slept with a guy like this before." Edward looked puzzled at this. "They never bother to stay the night…. This is special, I'll never forget this night as long as I live." "Me either." Said Edward. Luke kissed Edward passionately, then snugged up beside him holding him close. Edward rolled over and lay with his head on Luke's broad chest. He was amazed. Luke was about 4 inches shorter than him, but his chest was a big as his big brother Emmett's; if not bigger. It was so strong and secure. Lying there he ran his fingers through Luke's chest hair. And listened to his heart slowdown from their exertions and his breathing even out as Luke drifted off to sleep. The sound was mesmerizing and soon Edward had drifted off too. ~xxXxx~ Through the night Alice snuck out and by the light glowing form her bedroom she saw the two naked bodies lying interlocked on the bed. She smiled. 'Mission accomplished' she said to herself and fist pumped the air, before returning to her bedroom and quietly closing the door.