my heart beat picking up. The pain of my spanking is suddenly forgotten as i nod my understanding. 'Y-e-s." I said, my voice cracking. "Yes you understand what i'm telling you? Or yes, you'll let me claim you?" She asks, her smile no longer hiding itself. I feel my arousal start to grow heavy between my legs and she smiles bigger because she can smell it. "Both." I say. "Lovely." She says, quickly she's unbuttoning her dress. She takes it off and throws it to floor when she has just enough room to squeeze out of it. "You'll have to excuse my eagerness. It's not everyday you have someone as beautiful as you laying on your bed, aroused and ready to bed yours." She take my lips in hers gently. Her lips were soft and molded to mine easily, like they were somehow made just for me. She took my legs and wrapped them around her waist laying down on top of me. My slick wetness meeting her the waist band of her underwear. "You realize you may never belong to another." She asks pulling away to trail my neck. "That you will be mine and only mine? You may only lay with me. In MY bed." I shutter. "Yes. Yes i understand." "And you are ok with it? That i'm marking you?" She sucks on my skin causing me to moan. I nod. "Yes. Please..." I rub my core against her for some kind of friction something to make my heat feel better. She understands and lays me flat against her bed then unwraps my legs to remove her underwear. "Be still, My Alice. I'll please you soon enough." Imprinting. It's very rare and uncommon. It's when you find her. When suddenly she's all you need to be alright. All you need to breathe and strive on. She's what you kill for and what you'd die for. She becomes your life and you'd do anything she asks without a second thought. The universe made her your perfect kryptonite and you fall weak to her will. Mating. It's more common. Lycans were so desperately afraid of being alone. They'd mate. It had the same effects as imprinting only you got to choose who you wanted to be with, not the universe. Once you were mated that's it. You've chosen that person walk side forever. If you're mate died, then it feels like a connect has been lost. You feel it, deep inside you. It's a pain worse than anything you could imagine. It burns like hell Most Lycans are to brokenhearted to mate again. Usually the make it another year or so before they kill themselves. Then there are the others who take a dagger to their heart right there, just a moment after the connect has been lost. Is it possible to mate and then imprint? Very possible. In that case the mated and imprintee usually have it out to the death, neither of them wanting to share what should be theirs forever. After a victor has one the prize is torn between hating them and loving them. I was panting like bitch in heat. She worked wonders with her tongue. "OH! HELL!" i cursed grabbing the sheets. She grinned up at me. "Do you enjoy that? My Alice?" She replaced her tongue for fingers. Rubbing away at my heated core. "Answer me dear." "Yessssss!" I hiss out. "Please don't stop." I dipped back down and sucked on my pussy until she thought i was ready. "Do you want to try me now? Would you? I fear i'll cum before you even get a chance to taste me." She smiled quickly rubbing her fingers in circular motions. I push myself against her harder begging for more. She supplies me greatly. She pushes a finger in my causing me to cry out in both pain and ecstasy for a minute. I arch my back as she pumps in and out of me. "Fuck, Yes, Please. Ugh! Right there." i call out. She bares no mercy on my virginity and brutally shoves another two in my pussy. "OH!" I call. "Harder...Faster."I pant. Our bodies were covered in a thin layer of sweat each, then there was the smell of sex in the air. As i neared my peak as drew my body closer to her. "I'm trying my hardest, my dear. Please cum for me. Please let me be covered in your juices." I nodded and threw my head back crying out in pleasure. "Focus on me dear, Only me. Let me make you cum." She thrust brutally in my pussy. By the third time, my walls clench around her fingers. My orgasm starts deep within my stomach and works it way all over my body. I felt it then. The connection. My mind, my soul, my body all screamed out to her. She let me hug her close to me as i came. My body shook and trembled. She hushed me. "There there my Alice." She kissed my lips gently. "Was it good?" I nod against her. "Good, there are many more to come." She slid out of me carefully because i was still tender. Her fingers lightly coated in virgin blood. I blushed deeply. "Not to worry. It's nothing unnatural, come we'll clean you up and you can work on me in the shower. Sound nice?" I nod my head. "Yes." She smiles and lifts me with ease. "Good because my pussy aches for you." I giggle and wrap my legs around her waist letting her carry me to her shower. In that moment the love began to set in. I loved her and i didn't even know her name. Yes? No? Good? bad? horrible? Should i stop? Ok lets be honest. That sex scene was poo. That was the first sex scene i've ever written so go easy on me i can only get better! Let me know if you want more. Review review review. Please and thanks.