they were finished with her dress and making it the perfect size and length, they sat her back into the chair and started on her hair and make-up. They finished with 30 minutes to spare and stepped back to admire their handiwork. They all smiled brightly at each other, happy with what they had accomplished. Bella stood up and looked into the mirror. "Wow," she breathed as she looked at her reflection. She was wearing silver eye shadow, black eyeliner that curved at the edges of her eyes, and pale pink lipstick. It matched her strapless silver dress that went just to her knees with matching silver flats covering her feet. They had straightened her hair and let her bangs hang but put a silver flower on the right side that pinned the other hair from her face. She smiled, she looked as beautiful as a runway model and she turned around and gently hugged Alice and Esme trying not to damage their work. She even hugged Rosalie, much to the vampire's surprise. She said, "Thank you so much guys." A knock sounded on the door and she looked up to see Carlisle entering. He smiled as he said "You look very beautiful Bella." She smiled and noticed a box in his hand. She wondered what was in it and hoped that he hadn't spent any money on a spontaneous gift for her. He walked over to her and pressed a kiss to her forehead. He handed her the box and said "I was going to wait, but I decided I didn't want to anymore." She opened the box and gasped when she saw what was inside. She swallowed her tears back as she looked at the silver chain that held a pendant with the Cullen crest on it. She asked "Carlisle?" He answered "All of us consider you a part of the family, and it was time to make it official." She hugged him tightly and whispered "Thank you so much. I can't express my feelings in words about this." He kissed her head and answered "I can't express how grateful I am to have you as a daughter in my life, just as beautiful and perfect as Rose and Alice." He put the pendant on her and she grabbed his arm as he led her from his study and towards the garage. All the Cullens watched with smiles, they were glad to have Bella in their lives, their family felt more complete somehow. Carlisle helped Bella into his Mercedes before getting in himself and driving to the high school. He squeezed Bella's hand and said "You know Bella, Esme isn't going to care if you start calling her mom." Bella looked at him in shock and he chuckled "I've gotten good at reading your eyes." She smiled and answered "I didn't want to offend her or anything." Carlisle reassured her "You are every bit of a daughter to her as you are to me. She wouldn't mind a bit." Bella smiled as Carlisle gave her hand another squeeze. They pulled into the parking lot and Bella blinked at all the cars there. She didn't know that the Senior class had that many girls in it. She fidgeted with her pendant a little as Carlisle parked the car. He got out of the car and took her arm in his as he escorted her into the entrance by the gym. They walked down the hallway towards the gym and paid their entrance. Carlisle asked "You ready?" She took a breath and nodded before he pulled open the door for her and they entered the gym. Bella saw Lauren and her group freeze as she entered with Carlisle and she had to hold back a smirk at their mouths hanging open in shock. Angela smiled and waved at her from the corner and Carlisle smiled at her before the pair headed over to the girl and her father. Angela hugged her and said "I am so glad you could make it Bella. You look gorgeous." Bella smiled "Thanks. You look beautiful yourself." And she did in her emerald green dress, and matching make-up/shoes. Angela said "It's nice to see you Dr. Cullen." He smiled at her and answered "It's nice to see you too Angela." Carlisle introduced himself to her father as Angela and Bella chatted for a couple of minutes. When a slow song started, Angela dragged her dad onto the dance floor and Bella looked a little hesitant. Carlisle grabbed her hand with a smile and led her onto the floor. He led her into a dance and she apologized and blushed when she accidentally stepped on his foot. He smiled fondly at her before placing her onto his feet like Edward had done at prom. He danced with her and she smiled, she was glad that Carlisle had asked her to go with him; she was actually having fun. Time seemed to fly as Bella danced with Carlisle and Angela and her dad. Finally they were starting to play the last slow song of the night and Carlisle led Bella into a dance and she had started to get the hang of it without stepping on his feet. She said "Thank you for taking me Carlisle." He smiled and answered "Not a problem Bella, it was an honor." She hugged him and leaned her head against his shoulder, she said "You and Esme feel like my real parents and I am grateful for that. I like being taken care of and not the other way around for once." Carlisle kissed her forehead answered "I will always take care of you and my other kids. That's what parents are for Bells." She smiled and whispered "I love you dad." He swayed her side to side as he kissed her forehead and answered "I love you too la mia bellissima figlia." She smiled as she danced with her father figure, her Cullen Crest Pendant laying against her heart meaningfully.