I jumped back almost losing my balance as I checked my watch. Isabella should have been back by now. " Renee," I yelled out. A moment later she came running into the room, panicked. " What? What is it?" " Bella should have been back by now. Where is she?" I asked, frantic. " Oh my goodness, you almost gave me a heart attack, I thought God knows what was happening," she said, with her hand over her heart. "She'll be here soon." The doorbell rang and my heart dropped to my feet. " Who could that be?" Renee wondered. I ran to the front door, every bad scenario playing out in my head as I did. But when I opened the door, everything left me. There was my baby girl, standing right there. " What are you doing ringing the doorbell?" I said, pulling her inside. " I was in a rush this morning. I woke up late and I forgot my keys," she said. "What's wrong dad?" " Nothing, nothing's wrong, just happy to see you and you're late. It's nine-thirty," I said, shaking my finger, but she didn't fall for that. She laughed at me, hanging up her coat in the closet. " I have to finish this assignment for tomorrow, so I'm going to call it a night," she said. " Hey honey," Renee said. " Mommy," Bella said, kissing her mother on the cheek. "Chinese?" She questioned, as she looked past her mother at the burned pan on the stove. "At least you didn't burn down the kitchen this time." " Don't make fun of your mother," Renee pouted. "Aren't you hungry?" " No, I ate at Charlotte's." She skipped out of the kitchen carrying her backpack, I followed after her. " Bella," I called out. She stopped halfway up the stairs. Dropping her bag, she came back down to me. " What is it dad? What's bothering you?" She asked. " Nothing's bothering me," I defended. " You're a horrible liar dad." Everything was bothering me. Carlisle. Anthony's threat. My own mind that refused to shut down. Even though detective Uley said he would have a patrol around my house, at least for the next few months, an uneasy feeling settled into the pit of my stomach. " I feel like we haven't spent any time together. I miss you, kiddo," I said. " Hmm, are you free tomorrow morning? I don't have any classes until after lunch. You can be my breakfast date and we can gossip about all the weird people that walk by us?" She laughed. " It's a date," I said. "I love you kiddo." My little ballerina, she wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me on the cheek. "I love you too, dad." I don't know if it was the loud banging of the front door that woke Renee and I up or if it was the sound of the screeching tires outside. I ran down the stairs, trying the light switch, but the power was out. The front door was wide open. Stepping out on the stoop, the entire street was blacked out. " Renee, check on Bella," I called out. The power outage didn't last long, a few seconds later the lights came back on and Renee's echoing scream traveled down the stairs. DINY I stared at the TV. It was all I could do, all I was capable of doing. It was the only thing that the news talked about now. Her picture was everywhere. " It has been one week since the disappearance of eighteen year old Isabella Swan. Isabella, daughter of Charles Swan the state's district attorney, was taken from her home in the early hours of Thursday morning last week. Police still have no leads on the whereabouts of Miss Swan and are urging the public for help. NYPD Detective Uley, released this statement earlier." " I regret to say that at this time we have no leads. We have not ruled out Charles Swan's connection with the Carlisle Cullen conviction, but we do not have any evidence to suggest that the family is connected in any way to Isabella Swan's disappearance," Uley said. " Martha, the Swan home still remains a crime scene here. Just to recap our top story. It has been one week since the disappearance of Isabella Swan. Police are urging anyone with any information about Isabella's whereabouts to come forward and as a reminder a reward is offered." I threw the remote at the screen, the glass shattered from the screen. I fell to my knees with my head in my hands. The pain too much, too raw. One week, one week and nothing, no leads, no sign of her. There was a hole in my heart that grew bigger each day she was away. I knew Carlisle had to be behind this. This was his revenge. Anthony had made a promise for his father. This was their revenge to take my little girl, to use her in their game as if she were an object, as if this was a damn game. Uley, he was doing his best, but right now his best was not enough. My house was full of detectives, FBI and not one of them could find my Bella. Not one of them could connect Anthony to her. They said there was no evidence. They said, everyone they looked into had an alibi for their whereabouts that night. But I knew it, I knew deep in the pit of my stomach that Anthony had her. I knew they had her. Renee was holding herself better than me, she could walk, she could talk. I was a mess. My life, gone, lost. The one thing that was most precious to me was now...I couldn't think about it, I didn't dare. I knew if I thought of the worst, I would sink into a black hole, one that I would not come out of.