my mind had that sliver of doubt. Only time would tell. "Welcome back, Amelia. My name is Dr Joanne Anderson. Do you know where you are?" a cheerful voice interrupted my stare-a-thon with the wall that I had been partaking in since waking up a few hours ago. I groaned internally, before turning to face the very tall woman standing at the foot of my bed. Be nice, Amelia. She's just doing her job. "ICU?" I guessed. It didn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out. Too much machinery, heavy glass windows and total silence aside from medical equipment? If this was not ICU, then I was a Jackass Penguin and Bree was still alive. She'd never returned from that fight. I knew in my heart that she was gone, but part of my always hoped that she would return. "Correct. Do you know which city you are in?" I stare at her stupidly. Enough already. I might be sick, but I am not dense. "Seattle." "Not actually. You were airlifted to Central Rochester Hospital ten days ago," she replied. Huh. "Rochester, as in Washington?" I was surprised. It was a small town, less than 2000 people. "No, in New York." "Oh," was all I managed. It clicked, it was home to one of the best experts in CF. I guessed this enthusiastic giant of a woman was said expert. "Welcome. You've been out of it for the past few days. Your lungs are not too happy right now," she trilled. "I know. I feel like I've been hit by the Titanic. Or a Boeing at the very least," I muttered sarcastically. "You're going to be here for a while I'm afraid. Your old doctor in Washington didn't know what else to do with you." "Where's my violin?" I asked. I hated leaving it at the home when I was in hospital. Dr Anderson paused from her paperwork and looked up at me, confusion clouding her features. "I'll phone your social worker and ask her," she stated, "do you play?" "Yes I do. My mother was a violinist." "That is so cool. Have you ever been to Carnegie Hall?" she queried, having stopped looking through the paperwork that I assumed was my hospital file. "No," I replied quietly, before looking out of the window. I hated discussing my parents. She must have sensed this, and quickly moved on. She promised to have me out of ICU within the next five weeks. I resisted the urge to roll my eyes. Promises, shmomises. She was the first adult, after Mrs Miller, to have kept her word. I was out three and a half weeks later, having spent a total of five weeks in that place. I developed ICU psychosis, which probably spurred things on a bit. "I just want to go outside for a few minutes. Five minutes tops. I need some fresh air. I'm going crazy in here," I pleaded. I was desperate to get out for a bit. Cabin fever was starting to beat me. Dr Anderson looked at me pityingly, before denying me the only thing I have every asked for. I'd been here for four months, why was it so difficult to let me go? "Amelia, you are too sick to go outside. You will get worse. You're one cough away from landing up in ICU," replied Dr Anderson, as gently as she could. I wanted to scream, but sadly she was actually right. I was sick again. I hated this stupid disease. I tried again for extra benefit. "Dr Anderson, I have not left this ward in nearly four months. It's visiting hours now, no one will notice that I'm gone. I've had my physio for today. All I am asking is to go on the balcony for a little while. I'm not asking to go to the shop down the road, although I desperately need to get some things, I'm not even asking to sit in the hospital garden, I'm just asking for you to give me my balcony key so that I can open the door and breathe some fresh air, not stale hospital air," I was nearly in tears by now. Do not break down in tears, Amelia. Tears are for the weak. Don't you dare let anyone see you cry. "It is out of the question, Amelia. Your lungs are unhappy," the good doctor states with finality. There was no point in arguing further. I sighed and coughed loudly, turning my head away so that no one would see me cry. Dammit Amelia, pull yourself together! You are not a wimp! Someone knocked on my door and a whole group of people accompanied Dr Sanders into my room after Dr Anderson told them that no one will visit me. Gee thanks Dr A, way to make a girl feel great about herself. This stupid conference meant that people would be barging in and out of my room for the rest of the week, asking questions about me, about which gene mutation I had, asking about my family history. I knew nothing. My parents were dead. My best friend was dead. I was soon to be dead. What did it matter? An extremely gorgeous couple caught my eye. He was obviously the doctor, she was his wife because it was clear that she didn't know what was potting, if the confused expression on her face was anything to go by. She was trying to be subtle about staring around my room, and failing miserably. They were pale, but I didn't want to stare too long. I stifled a grin as I recalled last seeing that kind of paleness on Bree. A vampire working in health care? Please. What a ridiculous notion. The people eventually left my room. Thank heavens. I needed my space. I also needed a bath. I just wished that Dr Anderson would come clean and tell me when I could expect to die, this was starting to get very annoying.