down to Edward's armpit and he took a deep breath and let out a groan. "So hot." he said and quickly removed Edward's pants, impressed that Edward was going commando… it was so uncharacteristic for him. Luke wasted no time tearing open the packet and rolling it on. By now Edward was sweating like a pig. Both from the heat of the garage, the fiery heat of Luke's body pressed up against his and his own internal heat fueled by lust and want. Sweat ran down his spine and into his crack. Luke made use of this free lubricant and rubbed his sheathed cock over Edwards puckered entrance, eliciting a long groan from Edward. Luke then placed the fingers of his right hand to Edwards's lips. Edward sucked them in delightedly. When they were slick Luke removed them and replaced his cock head with his now slick index finger. He began to massage Edwards pucker. "Please" Edward begged and Luke put him out of his misery… slowly entering him. He built up pace and he finger fucked him, occasionally playing with his gland. Then his second finger was added, he began to scissor Edward, stretching him. "Hurry." Edward gasped. "I can't take muck more of this" Edward's hand deliberately stopped touching himself, he was so close to climax it would have been embarrassing, and though Luke could usually make him come several times in one session, this time he wanted to have one massive orgasm at the end. Luke added a third finger and when he thought Edward was ready he removed them. Edward let out an involuntary whimper at the loss of contact, which changed to a satisfied groan as the fingers were replaced by the head of Luke's cock. Edward couldn't help himself. He was like a pig on heat. All his buttons were being pressed. He couldn't wait for Luke to slowly press into him, he needed this NOW so he pushed back onto Luke and impaled himself on his manhood. Luke was momentarily surprised by the ferocity of Edwards need. No slow supplication. Just slamming hip deep onto Luke till his hardness was buried inside. Edward let out a deep moan of satisfaction as the familiar burning of being stretched engulfed him, spreading from his entrance to his groin and then up his spine and down his legs. They stood there like that for what seemed like an eternity. Luke deep in Edward's tight heat. Edward bent over the still warm handlebar gripping it firmly trying to stop himself cuming. Luke's lips ghosted Edwards left ear and his hot breath caressed it. "Eager much" he said in a deep sexy voice. Edward took his left arm off the handlebar and wrapped it round Luke, clasping his left buttock and pushing him even deeper into Edward. Luke swiveled his hips causing a wave of pleasure up Edward spine. "'Fraid I'm not going to last long" Luke breathed into Edward. "So hot." "Me neither... fuck me big boy." And with that Edward pulled his hips forward then slammed back down onto Luke with a satisfying slapping sound of skin against skin. This startled Luke out of his lust filled haze and he planted both hands on Edward's narrow hips. He got the message loud and clear and began pumping into Edward. Groans and expletives left Edwards lips in a blistering wave, to mix with Luke's deep grunts and moans. Luke picked up the pace and began angling towards Edward's gland, hitting it with every stroke. Edward's legs began to tremble and he had to hold onto the handles to stop himself falling. Luke got the message and placed his right arm around Edward's waist to support him, not slowing up on his ponding though. They were both slick with sweat and Luke was driven made by Edward's sent. "Gonna cum." Edward groaned as without even touching it, his cock exploded coating the well-used (in more ways then one) mower with his creamy white seed that hissed when it hit the hot metal of the engine plate. A scream leaving Edward's lips as a mighty orgasm wracked his body. Edward's entrance tightened around Luke's cock like a vice and this plus one deep lungful of sweat scented air was all it needed for Luke to cum, pushing as far as he could get into Edward and blowing his load into the sheath deep inside him. A deep loud groan leaving his lips... If Luke wasn't so totally preoccupied with his orgasm then he might have ruefully thought he could hear his cum sizzling inside Edward he was so hot, in more ways than one. Luke kept thrusting as he milked his cock in Edward's tight entrance. The constant pressure on his prostate made Edward keep shooting cum that was now running down his legs mingled with sweat groaning "Fuck you're so hard." Finally, Luke was replete and he collapsed on top of Edward who again collapsed on top of the now slightly traumatized lawnmower's handle. Luke held Edward tight to steady them, lest they topple the mower and all end up in a heap. They eventually climbed down from their blissed out state and Edward craned his neck around to kiss Luke who eagerly enjoined. The kiss was tender but full of passion. When they broke it Edward exclaimed between heavy breaths "That. Was. hot... the best. ever." Luke groaned in agreement. Luke pulled his softening cock from Edward and Edward let out a sigh of disappointment. Edward turned and pressed his full body against Luke and they kissed again for what seemed like forever. Finally, they broke apart. They both realized that this elicit moment was unfortunately over and they would need to get cleaned up because tomorrow was a work day and they would need to be up early. "Can I do your lawns again?" asked Edward with a devious smile. Luke winked at him and a filthy smile crossed his slips. "Definitely…" ~ The End ~