through Wednesday. I made sure to take the long way to the soup kitchen in order to pass the post office. I deposited the money-less wallet into the mailbox and kept on walking. When I finally arrived at the soup kitchen, I saw the line of people waiting outside begin to walk through the now open doors. Reaching the very back, I fell in line with the rest and slowly marched along. It was a lot quieter than usual, but it was also a Sunday which funny enough was a "slow day" for the soup kitchen - as if there were a sudden influx of well-off people on Sunday suddenly having compassion for us homeless, taking them of the street and feeding them. When I was closer to where the food was stationed, I grabbed a tray and began following my fellow starving comrades. One of the items on the menu today was soup, probably to help against fight against the blistering weather and the colds and flues that were sure to follow. If it was five years ago, I would have groaned. I hated canned soup, and I was positive that what looked to be chicken noodle soup was from a can. However, after spending almost three years on the street, I quickly learned to eat whatever deemed edible, and even things that could be considered questionable. Canned soup was an extravagant luxury when you lived off of browning lettuce and rock hard bread. I grabbed my soup, an open-faced roast beef sandwich, and luke warm water with a tea bag swimming inside. When I entered the cafeteria, I had spotted Old Man Marcus, so I headed in his direction. He was sitting alone and I couldn't be more grateful. I wasn't in the mood to have to make nice with a lot of people. "Bad day?" he asked in greeting. I had only known him for about a year, but he was able to read me so well. "You could say that," I answered as I began ripping open a sugar packet I found on the table. "It could always be worse." I looked at him incredulously; although I can't say that I was surprised to hear him say that. He was a glass-half-full kind of guy. I wouldn't say we were exactly close, as I never allowed myself to get close to anyone, learning my lesson after what happened with Jane, but I was closest to him than I was to anyone else. He flashed me a big, innocent smile and I couldn't help but chuckle. He was right – things could be worse, I could be sitting here right now with Aro, the slimy old man who constantly tried to become my pimp. "Eat your food, old man," I giggled. He looked at me with mock offense, but turned to eat anyway. We sat in silence and ate our only meal of the day. When I was cleaning up my area, Marcus turned to me with his own tray in hand. "So this is good-bye, kid." I looked at him questioningly, not at all knowing what he was talking about. "Remember what I talked your ear off about? California?" I nodded my head in remembrance. He told me that he had gotten in contact with some grandchildren that lived in California. They told him that if he found a way over there, they were willing to put him up – get him back on his feet. "Well, I leave tonight. I have a buddy that's willing to drive me to Portland. From there I'm going to try hitchhiking. Either way, I'm hoping to be in California in about two weeks." He was smiling ear to ear. As much as I would miss him, as was still so happy for him. He was doing what I dreamt of doing for the past six months already. Without thinking carefully, I dug into my pants and grabbed the cash that was hidden in my underwear. I counted out some money and handed it over to Marcus. "What's this?" he looked at the cash he held in his hand as if it was pure gold. "I want to help you get there. I might be leaving soon and hopefully I'll find someone to help me out. I just want you to get there – be happy, you deserve it." In a surprising move, Marcus dropped his try on the table and scooped me up in a hug. After getting over the initial shock, I hugged him back with as much strength that I had. "Thank you," he whispered, tears in his eyes. "Just go. I don't want to see your wrinkling face in Washington anymore," I laughed, trying to lighten the heavy mood that surrounded us. With one more parting hug, he grabbed his try and walked past me. I stood in the same place and watched the only person I could probably consider a friend walk out of my life forever. AN: Thanks for reading. So this one chapter is un-beta'd, but will be getting beta'd. I want to see what kind of reaction I got from this story to see if I continue it or not. For those of you who are reading either of my other two stories, Silent Sufferer or Fighting Our Fate, this story is one of the reasons why I haven't updated as fast or frequently. It won't leave me alone. BUT…there will be a lemon in the next chapter of FOF. Lastly, none of my stories will have posting schedules. I wish I was one of those authors who could pump out chapter after chapter, but I can't. With working full-time and taking care of my family, I don't have a lot of extra time on my hands. Leave me a review and tell me what you thought of this chapter. I'll take anything you'll offer. Follow me on Twitter and Tumblr : cruiz107. Send me a friend request on FB: Cruiz FanFiction.