he remembered his efforts last night, making use of being home alone where no one could overhear him. His mind filled with his not inconsiderable manhood in his hand while imagining it to be the hand, mouth, ass of Ronaldo… He then thought about it being me… Whoa! Time to stop paying attention. How come my pants are feeling tighter? I know Alice said they are supposed to be skin tight but this is uncomfortable. Oh No, No No NO! I am not getting a boner thinking about Riley jerking off, it's just not going to happen, no way… Oh fuck it has. God what would Freud say about this one… Fuck I can't let Riley come out and find me with a hard on, he's horny enough, that could lead to some serious overstepping. Mr Mason naked, Mr Mason naked, Mr Mason naked… there that did it. I returned my attention to collecting dishes… but my mind couldn't help wandering to what was going on in the next room. Riley then picked up his worn sleeping attire, boxers and an old t-shirt, he smelled them then threw them on the floor and went over to get a new pair out of his draws. His draws were scantily packed. Now I knew what to get him for Christmas… a new wardrobe. I was startled to think that I had subconsciously been thinking about Christmas presents for him all afternoon. As I scrubbed dirty pans I began thinking of Christmas, not that long away. The Cullen's had never really celebrated it. There seemed little point for the already dammed to celebrate the birthdate of the savior of man-kind. And when you don't eat, and already pretty much have everything you wanted through the year there is little reason to celebrate. I remember once after Alice and Jasper joined us. The Christmas of `50 we had a tree and tried to get festive, but in spite of Alice's pixie like glee it all seemed rather forced and we dropped it as an idea, instead going on a hunting party. I was knocked out of my thoughts by Riley's return to the living area to find me just about finished. "Wow you were fast." Riley exclaimed. I hadn't realized that I had been working at vampire speed. I lied "Oh I've been on K.P. duty many times. Carlisle likes to have things organised." "Oh" was all Riley said. "Do you want to start on the lounge?" I asked. And we began putting books away. Every wall of the small house was covered in book shelves. Their library rivaled our own in a much larger house. But where ours were all in immaculate condition, these had dog ears with torn covers, stains where a coffee mug had been placed inadvertently "Wow, you have some books." "Yeah, Mum always encouraged me to read. I mainly like history." Riley replied. Not surprising, I had rarely seen a library with as many history books which I noticed were arranged not alphabetically but by subject, country and era. "There all pretty worn, some of them came from seconds shops, but I give them a pretty hard time. Some of them have been out in the woods, all over the place. Mum always told me an unused book is an unread book. We only have a couple of expensive ones that we treat with kid gloves." It was a completely different philosophy to the one I had been brought up with, I cast my mind back to my birth parents sizable library in Chicago and wondered how many books had actually been read. This would explain Riley being in class a veritable encyclopaedia of information. There were hand drawn maps scattered all over tables. Sketched battle plans similar to what Jasper liked doing in his spare time. No wonder the two of them got along so well. Then we picked up Riley s dirty clothes. "Do you want Mom to do your laundry while you're with us?" I offered. He seemed horrified. "No, I couldn't…" "Well why don't you bring some and we can do it ourselves. I do my own laundry most of the time." He still looked hesitant. "Come on or you'll have nothing to wear to school on Monday." Riley acquiesced. An image ran through his head of me in a pink apron with marigold gloves on and curlers in my hair, a smirk graced his face. Even though it was scarcely a flattering image I couldn't help smirking at it as well. This kid had an odd sense of humor. I looked forward to exploring it more with him. We bundled up clothes into garbage bags and Riley kept protesting I was taking too many, that he would have nothing to do in the evenings while his mother was in hospital and he could do them then; but I persevered. The house could do with a good vacuum but I thought I better not push it. Maybe when we dropped Riley off on Sunday night I could give him a hand to hoover. A honk outside denoted Esme had returned, and we piled the bags of laundry into the back. I could tell Riley was really embarrassed so I stuck up for him. "I told Riley to bring some of his laundry for us to do so his mother wouldn't have to worry about it when she got home." Riley let out a relieved sigh and a smile graced his mouth and his eyes as he sheepishly glanced at me, that was reward enough... I can't believe I just thought that. "That was thoughtful dear." Esme said with all the grace that characterized her. We sped off on the long trip back to our house… This was going to be a memorable weekend. End notes So what did you think? Let me know if there are any scenes you would like me to explore in the next chapters. So say tuned… And tell your friends!