daggers at him until he turned his back while sitting down. "Back to business, you will live forever, or until you get killed. You won't be able to go into the sun in public, and you cannot slay any humans, even though you will want one thing and one thing only when you awake." I observed that Vena's voice had dropped lower by a great amount. "Blood." She whispered. I shivered, not being able to imagine killing people. "Ask your questions." Vena instructed me in her normal, slightly high pitched voice. "What will you tell Charlie?" I frowned, knowing I would miss my father. "That you fell off the cliffs at La Push on accident." Alice answered me sadly. Edward looked sad too. I just ignored him. I wanted this. He couldn't stop Vena, judging by the looks of the slowly sealing cracks all over his body from their fight. "Okay, Bella. Close your eyes, dear." Alice cooed softly. I oddly wasn't surprised that I hadn't heard her come over. "Vena is going to make sure your soul is strong enough for our lifestyle." I opened my eyes a peek to see Vena looking at me with glowing eyes. I quickly closed my eyes. "Bella, I'm an aurora reader. I determine many things. Such as virtue, purity, and mental strength. And you have plenty of everything I survey. Those are just a few. You've passed the entire test. Good luck." "Why do I need good luck?" "Because you're afraid of needles!" Vena giggled while jamming a needle containing a medication. "AH!" I cried out, shocked. "The real pain hasn't even started yet, sweetheart." Alexander muttered just loud enough for me to hear. For once, no one called him out on his, umm, "creative" nicknames. "Are you ready?" Alice asked softly. I nodded once, stupidly hitting my head on the ground while doing so. "Alright then. This is gonna burn. A LOT. " Edward approached me slowly. "Bella, I just want you to know I love you." "I love you t- AHHHHHH!" I screamed and closed my eyes as suddenly he bit me. I writhed in pain, screaming. I felt like I was thrown into a burning building, straight into the flames. "Bella! Bella! Are you alright!" Edward cried. I opened my eyes to see Alex and Vena holding him back while Alice attempted to calm him. I opened my mouth to say something, but I felt my whole body go numb. I ceased my trashing and lay perfectly still. "WHAT'S WRONG WITH HER?" Edward yelled, still being restrained. "It's just the sedative, Edward! Get a grip!" Alexander sighed at him. I once again tried to open my mouth, but a wave of drowsiness crashed over me. "Don't worry. She'll be fine…" I couldn't tell whose voice it was, for I was rapidly losing consciousness. For once, I welcomed the wave of darkness with open arms. Day One Vena Pov I sure hope Bella will be alright... I hope she'll have a good grip on her thirst… Edward Pov If she dies I will KILL them for this… I don't know why I let Vena talk me into this… Alexander Pov What happens if Bella needs to pee? Alice Pov I know she'll be fine. I know she'll pull through. I love being able to see the future… Day Two No Pov It was a real pretty sight to see… Four apparently soul less creatures in a circle around their friend. Vena, Alice, Edward, and Alex all sat around her listless body. Bella was aging, the life slowly draining from her paling body, as the venom traveled through her body. "Give her another injection of the tranquilizer." Alice muttered to Edward. He wasted no time in grabbing the needle and slightly stabbing Bella in his distress. Edward felt a cold hand on his shoulder. He turned to see Alice. She nodded in understanding. He simply nodded back to the pixie-like girl and turned his back to her, facing Bella again. The End of Day Three Bella Pov I could sense them. I heard their hushed voices. "Guys?" I let out softly. Instantly the murmuring froze, except for Alexander's. How could I pick out his almost silent voice? "Alex, shut it! She's waking up!" Vena hissed at him. I opened my eyes to see them towering over me. I sat up gracefully, unusual for my normally clumsy self. I stood just as gracefully. Wow, I didn't trip. I thought to myself. I ran at an inhuman speed to a puddle at the edge of the meadow. I looked at my reflection. My eyes were red. I was unnaturally perfect. I sparkled when the sun hit my skin. I whipped around to face the mythical creatures behind me. "What am I?" I asked quietly. "One of us!" Vena shrieked! My winced at the loud noise, my enhanced hear making the notion seem louder than it was. "Infinite time to P-A-R-T-Y!" Vena yelled, doing a small jig. Edward shot her a fierce look, which she returned, before walking over to me. "Bella, I…" He began. "I, I'm sorry if this, isn't what you really wanted," He started again, but I quickly cut him off with a light kiss. "This is what I wanted. To spend forever with you." I whispered to him, before kissing him again. Edward chuckled, and suddenly, Alice wasn't there smiling widely at us, Alexander wasn't there smirking at us, and Vena wasn't there cheering for us. It was just us as he whispered, "I just wish that'd be enough time." I threw my arms around his neck kissing him in happiness. This was a kiss out of pure love. This kiss softly repeated, "I love you." Over and over again. The End ME: What did you guys think? You can let me know by typing your opinions in that cute little review box! Just want to know how my first Twilight fanfic went. I put in work. Ta-Ta for now!