a few rings, I heard Jacob on the other end of the line. "Bella, is it you? Gosh, I thought you never got my messages and –" I tried to imitate the deadly tone of Edward's voice whenever he got angry. "Listen, you obnoxious, moronic dog ." Jacob merely chuckled and I had to stop myself from yelling at him. "What you did to me was inexcusable. Edward expected me to stay away from you, but since he finally let me see you, you had to pull a stunt like this!" "What do you mean, Bells? C'mon, it was just a kiss." "Let me speak, Jacob Black." I interrupted him, fuming. "According to the state law of Washington, forced physical contact is considered sexual assault. I could have Charlie put you in jail." "You just won't admit you love me instead of him. I was just reminding you of your choices." Jacob muttered, and I could tell he was smirking from his arrogant attitude. "There's no options for me, Jake!" I bit my lip, pacing back and forth. "I love Edward, ok? Deal with it." I was so frustrated that I found bizarre tears slipping down my face. A sigh came from Jacob. "Well then, I guess this is it." "What?" My breath caught in my throat. What was he trying to do, just cut off our friendship like it was no big deal? "I get it, you love your bloodsuckers." I detected a note of bitterness from what he was saying. "But you can't just keep me on the sidelines while I'm fighting for you, Bella. Fighting for you until your last heartbeat." "It's going to happen, Jake, whether you understand it or not. It's my choice to become a vampire." Jacob's cruel accusation cut at me like a knife. "Then I'd rather wish you were dead instead of becoming one of them." The phone was taken out of my hands in the next second. Edward held it up to his ear, looking dangerous and furious at the same time. He started speaking quietly, but the line was dead, and then he appeared to be in agony at seeing the torrent of tears on my face. "Bella, love, are you all right?" He placed my phone on the bed and stood in front of me, gently caressing the sides of my face with his icy fingers. Apparently still in shock, I numbly nodded my head. I tried to keep the pain at bay; tried to not let the wound in my heart re-open and bleed. This wasn't the same mark that was caused by Edward's absence. Rather, it was the disappointment of being let down time and time again of trying to be friends with a werewolf. But I had to wise up and let go of Jacob. I couldn't keep forgiving him for attacking me with his hurtful words. If he loved me like he claimed, then why would he wish me dead? Why did his prejudice and hatred for the Cullens get between us? Edward continued to hold me in his arms. I clung to him like he was my lifeline. "I love you, Edward." "You're my life, Bella." He said, pulling away to look into my eyes. His expression was pained, and seeing him hurting because of my actions left an echo of the ache in my heart. I vowed to never cry for Jacob anymore. "I'm sorry I hurt you all this time. You only wanted to protect me. No matter what happens, I will always choose you." I whispered, leaning up on my tiptoes to press my lips to his. Edward carefully kissed back, placing his hands on my hips. Our kiss expressed the passion and love we felt for each other, but as usual, Edward broke the kiss to let me breathe. "I understand this totally ruins the mood, but do you want to finish the quiz?" He gestured to the idling computer. I nodded, smiling, suddenly giddy and lightheaded from the breathtaking kiss. "I want to love you right." Edward just grinned at me, giving me my favorite crooked smile. When I finished the quiz, Edward stared at me for a long moment. "So, let's see the results…" Your scores 4 - Words of Affirmation 11 - Quality Time 2 - Receiving Gifts 4 - Acts of Service 9 - Physical Touch We read through my two primary love languages. Quality Time In the vernacular of Quality Time, nothing says, "I love you," like full, undivided attention. Being there for this type of person is critical, but really being there – with the TV off, fork and knife down, and all chores and tasks on standby – makes your significant other feel truly special and loved. Distractions, postponed dates, or the failure to listen can be especially hurtful. Quality time also means sharing quality conversation and quality activities. Physical Touch This language isn't all about the bedroom. A person whose primary language is Physical Touch is, not surprisingly, very touchy. Hugs, pats on the back, holding hands, and thoughtful touches on the arm, shoulder, or face – they can all be ways to show excitement, concern, care, and love. Physical presence and accessibility are crucial, while neglect or abuse can be unforgivable and destructive. Physical touch fosters a sense of security and belonging in any relationship. "Wow." I stared at the screen, dumbfounded. "I actually have redeeming characteristics." Edward laughed quietly as he kissed my hair. "Now I understand why your body reacts so much." He said, trailing his hand along my shoulder down my arm. I shivered involuntarily at his touch and felt the heat rush to my face. "No matter what happens, Bella, know that I'm always here for you." "Well, you'd better get used to me being around you all the time." I joked halfheartedly, nudging him in the ribs with the slightest pressure. He continued to grin and kiss me again. "I certainly wouldn't mind that at all."