keep them company. There is no established relationship in the house." She said. "I know... It's weird as hell. Trust me, I've tried to stop it. But everyone is comfortable with it. It's something that you would have to get used to." "Alright. So you're telling me, that the girls are randomly going to come up to my room and want to sleep with me?" "Yes." She said. "But you don't have to have sex with them Emmett. Let them sleep in the bed, fine. But you don't have to have sex with them." "Okay, I'll be honest with you." I said. "Until I can get used to this place, I won't be sleeping with anyone. I'm alright with them sleeping in my bed, but I won't actually have sex with them... not yet." "It's fine. Most guys who come here for the first time will do the same exact thing you do." She said. "Yes, you will probably sleep with all the girls here, ask Dominic. He has. Except for me. I don't sleep with anyone. But at times, I will push the girls to find a mate, but it's not all the time." I nodded, understanding. Then I thought back to the first time I saw the other guys. One of them had two girls sitting with him. "As for Abby..." Isabella began. "She's different. Try to get her to talk to people. She's quiet, too quiet. I worry about her. Everyone here is trying their best to talk to her, but she just pushes away. The guys and I are trying to get into her mind, see what's wrong with her. Do you think you can help with that also?" "Yeah." I said. Isabella thanked me and I walked out of the room. It was 7 o'clock now. I decided to check around the house, to make sure everyone was alright. I walked down to the bottom floor and walked into the girls' bedroom. One of them was sitting on the bed, listening to her ipod, while the other was painting her nails. They both looked at me and smiled. I asked them if they were alright and asked their names. I did that with every girl I saw. I asked if they were alright and their name. By the time I got through the entire house, I knew everyone's names. It was a lot of names. The guys' names was something I needed to focus on the most, mainly because we were going to be fighting side by side. There was Dominic, Stephen, Axel, Quentin, Chandler, William, and Hollow (that was his nickname). Then there was Santiago for the werewolves' alpha. Around 10 at night, Abby ended up waking up and shadowed me. I was starting to think she felt comfortable around me. Maybe it would be easier to get into her head. Then I thought of Edward and frowned. The bastard never left my head alone. I chuckled at a thought when he ruined one of Rosalie's surprises because he read my thoughts. I had to beat him up for that. Jasper was laughing the entire time and Rosalie was actually happy to hear what her present was going to be. But that was years ago. I walked Abby back to her room, where she shared it with Annabelle. Annabelle was small also, but she knew how to keep a conversation going. I told the girls goodnight and started walking to my room, until a girl stopped me. It was Roxy. She had on a black, lacy night gown with her black hair curling down her back. She looked at little hesitant. "Are you alright?" I asked. "I'm... okay." She said. I knew what she was going to ask... I knew exactly what she was going to ask. "Do you want to sleep in my room tonight?" I asked. I asked her only because I remembered I was a single man now and it was time that I stopped floating around Rosalie. She opened her mouth to speak, but nodded instead. I smiled at her and let her get on my back. She laughed the entire way up, since I was running. It was nice to hear her laugh, since she was one of the girls who had been abused. When we reached my door, I carried her bridal style to my bed. She whispered a thanks and I nodded. I switched into some black silk pajama pants. I never wore shirts to bed, it was uncomfortable for me, so I didn't wear one. Roxy was tucking herself in bed and I told her that I had to check around the house. One of the things that the guys had to do was make sure the house was secure. So the eight of us were, right now, walking around the house, making sure the girls were alright, locking the house, setting alarms... Yes, Isabella had alarms made the way she wanted them. And they actually worked. You'd be surprised how loud vampires are during the night. Once we were done, we all headed off to bed. I checked in on Isabella before I went to bed. She was already sleeping. Finally, I was able to go to bed. Roxy was still awake, waiting for me. When I laid down, she immediately laid her head on my chest. I didn't stop her, since I was comfortable. I laid my hand on the lower part of her back and closed my eyes. This was the life that I would be living... And there was... without a doubt, that I would be changing. And that concludes the first chapter. There will be an update soon... don't worry, just like there will be for A New World. REVIEW! Here are all the names of Isabella's and Dominic's Mansion Women- Zila, Lori, Abby, Makenzie, Scarlett, Eliza, Annabelle, Roxy, Crystal, Isabella, Roxanne, Juliet, Maya, Fay, Phoebe, Harmony, Baylee, Trinity, Amber, Mia, Desiree Men- Emmett, Dominic, Stephen, Axel, Quentin, Chandler, William, Hollow