this stage... though he had only seen a couple. But Edward's was almost 8 inches long, straight and a decent, almost uniform girth from the slightly thicker base to the tip that was crowned by a large head. Edward kicked his pants off and returned the compliment for Riley, pulling his pajama pants down. They returned to rubbing against each other, kissing passionately. With surprising strength Riley flipped Edward onto his back and began making his imagination real. This time, before he took his head into his mouth he thought… 'this is another Christmas present for you.' Edward's chuckle turned into a groan as Riley took Edward as deep as he could, gaging slightly. Riley was still practicing taking Edward's full 8 inches all the way without gaging. Edward said it didn't matter, but Riley had seen porn stars do it and he refused to be bettered in anything he did; he was determined to give Edward the best he could give… but for now it would be only 6 inches and a hand around the base. Riley tried every trick he had seen in the porn films that he had watched courtesy of Emmett's lack of imagination on computer pass words "boobsrfun101" and the Cullen's superfast, super expensive broadband. When Emm finally got round to checked his browsing history the explosion would be herd in Russia. Soon Edward was grasping Riley's hair and silently groaning. Riley knew it wasn't going to be long so he picked up the pace to Edwards favorite 3/4 rhythm when coming. Neither was disappointed. Edward quietly groaned "Gonna' cum"; warning Riley as he thought was gentlemanly, rather than taking it for granted he would receive his seed in his mouth. Riley kept going and he was soon rewarded by a mighty explosion of man juice in his mouth and down his throat that made him almost choke, but he swallowed it down and sucked harder to Edward's ecstasy. Vampires, or at least Edward had a mighty force when he came, before they moved to bow jobs and just wanked, Edward sitting on the sofa in the middle of the room could shoot over his shoulder and hit the wall a couple of meters behind, not to mention the volume of cum they produced; no matter how many times they ejaculated per day. When Edward had been sucked dry, Riley worked his way up his stomach kissing all the way and then gave him a lazy kiss. Edward was still climbing down from his orgasm. He could never get enough of Riley skillful mouth. Finally, when the stars disappeared from his vision he responded to Riley and gently rolled Riley onto his back. He wanted to repay his mate. Being a mind reader had its advantages at times… he knew exactly what turned Riley on the most. Edward gently worked down Riley's body until he was hovering over his erection, which looked like a smaller version of Edwards. straight and a proportionately decent, almost uniform girth from the slightly thicker base to the tip that was crowned by a large head. The only difference was where Edwards was pale white Riley's was a rich tanned color. Up until meeting Edward, Riley thought his 6.5 inches was respectable thought not huge (that damned Kinsey report). He was bigger than Jacob and Paul… but they were two years younger than him… He knew the average was 5.5 inches, but that didn't change how he felt. He sort of hoped that he would get that last mythical growth spurt at 17 and hit 6 feet tall and get an 8-inch cock… Edward told him it didn't matter but Riley wished he had more to offer Edward. "I love your penis." Edward whispered hearing what was running through Riley's mind. Riley knew Edward was the best person in the world, he would never say if he was disappointed… He also knew that when the time came he would be bottoming so it really didn't matter anyway. He guessed given the difference in their endowment he would be bottoming for the rest of his life… but he preferred to bottom anyway so what was to complain about. Edward smiled. He hoped Riley would grow out of this… He guessed only being able to see the pleasure he gave Edward with his cock would solve it… but Edward wasn't ready for that yet. He set to work on Riley's cock. He liked the head of it eliciting a groan from Riley. Riley hardly ever produced precum, which he was worried about, as all teenage boys are about being different. Edward had assured him that medically it didn't matter and certainly it didn't effect sexual performance. Edward had never known someone to worry so much about these things, but then again he had never been near a teenage boy in these kind of circumstances. Edward decided to wipe all such thoughts out of Riley's head and so in one quick movement he took Riley's shaft into his mouth right to the base. Vampires had no gag reflex so it was no problem. Riley bit his fist to stop himself crying out… from now on all he thought about was how Edward made him feel; which was more than amazing. Edward then started sucking and licking. One of the benefits of being a vampire was the amazing speed he could give head at. He always started off slow and gentle then worked up till Riley was a quivering mass on the bed. Riley hand's knotted into Edward's disheveled hair. He had to bite his lip so he didn't cry out. Finally, he thought 'Gonna cum' and Edward moved even faster. Riley exploded in Edward's mouth. Edward sucked him dry then came up and kissed the blissed out Riley. They then snuggled together and Riley said "Happy Christmas Edward." Edward responded to the Francophile in Riley "Joyeux Noel Riley" then Riley fell asleep dreaming of Edward with a contented smile on his face... ….