to what she should say, would say. What the hell did one say in a situation like this? Alice swallowed past the lump in her throat and blinked back the tears welling up in her eyes, before glancing down at his hand, still clasped firmly in her own. She lightly ran her thumb over the faded scar. There'd been a reason she started with that particular scar. It was the smallest one on him; she'd foolishly assumed it would be the least traumatizing story. Judging by the scars that littered his body she doubted that was the worst of it. She had wanted to start off slow, ease them both into it, start off in the shallow end of the murky pool, but after the story she knew there wasn't going to be any shallow end, just one deep fucked up pool. She wasn't entirely sure she was ready for it. She remained silent, unable to come up with a response. Alice moved her eyes onto a white circular scar just below his shoulder. She touched it, feeling the bump under her fingertips. "Cigarette." Jasper said quietly. "I was ten. I spilled my drink on the carpet. I was glad when he quit smoking." Alice leaned forward and kissed the scar lightly. Next her fingers found a long white gash on his shoulder. She stroked it softly, following the contours of the raised flesh. "Leather belt. I was fourteen. I ditched school and he found out." Alice followed her fingers with soft butterfly kisses, trying to remove the pain. Jasper's breath hitched with each touch of her lips. She pulled back and looked at him, absorbing the pain in his eyes. Then she grabbed the hem of her own shirt and quickly pulled it over her head. She reached around her back and unclasped her bra, pulling it off and letting it fall to floor. She wanted to stand in front of him, naked, bared and vulnerable. Maybe this way he might see that she had scars too. Scars that weren't as visible as his but still ached deep inside her. She stepped forward again and pressed her breasts against his chest, enjoying the way his skin felt hot against hers. Her hands slipped around his rib cage and skimmed up his back until they found another long ridge of scar tissue she traced with her fingertips. "Lamp cord." Jasper murmured as he stared down at her, attempting to look at her eyes which she pointedly avoided. Her eyes stung with tears as she wrapped her arms around Jasper and held him tightly against her. She wanted to find the words to tell him she was sorry. Even if it didn't mean anything, she was so very sorry. She wanted to find every single person who had ever ignored the marks on his back, the sunglasses to hide black eyes and scream at them. She wanted to go find that bastard and hurt him in the same way he'd hurt his son. "Alice?" Jasper's voice finally broke the silence, sounding strained, nervous. Fighting back a fresh wave of tears Alice pulled his hand up to her lips and laid a gentle kiss over his scar, before she resumed tracing it with her thumb. "You didn't deserve that Jasper. You didn't deserve any of it." Jasper didn't respond, just released a shaky breath and pulled her close, resting his chin on the top of her head. Once again they lapsed into silence, though this one not nearly as tense as the first. Alice laid still as Jasper stroked her hair, her back, her arms, slowly easing the tension from her body. "We can't choose our family." Alice whispered into Jasper's chest. His arms squeezed her against his chest, so hard she was surprised she could still breathe. Then his fingers were on her face, stroking down her cheek, tipping her chin up. His lips were on hers, and his kiss was bittersweet and gentle. She tasted her tears on his lips. "Can I ask you something?" Jasper said after a few minutes, stroking her forearm. "Go ahead." Jasper lightly tapped her arm with his pointer finger. "How did you get this scar?" Alice released a sound caught between a laugh and a sigh. "You're kidding?" "Nope," Jasper replied. Sitting up, Alice met Jasper's gaze. She searched his eyes, trying to figure out where he was going with that question. He raised his eyebrows mockingly at her, fixing his face with an expression that would usually inspire a laugh, but he couldn't hide sadness in his eyes, not entirely. He was trying to ease the tension, make her feel more comfortable, give her an out, and she loved him for it. Ignoring the tears pooling in her eyes, Alice leaned down and placed a kiss on his lips. "The scar?" Jasper questioned when she pulled back. "First grade," Alice replied, blinking back her tears and clearing her throat. "Emmett McCarty. He wanted to use my sparkle crayons and I said no." "So what you're saying is you never knew how to share." Alice rolled her eyes. "He had a reputation. He was a crayon eater. Anyway, when I said no he got mad and cut me with a pair of scissors." "Jesus," Jasper cringed. "It's okay," Alice assured him, lying down to face him, tucking some stray hair behind her ear. "In the fourth grade, at recess he pinched my butt while I was on the monkey bars. I chased him across the play ground, cornered him by the fences and kneed him in the balls." Jasper released a bark of laughter. "That's my girl." Alice joined in his laughter, but she was already preparing herself to ask about another scar. ••• "It has been said, 'time heals all wounds.' I do not agree. The wounds remain. In time, the mind, protecting its sanity, covers them with scar tissue and the pain lessens, but it is never gone." Rose F. Kennedy •••