was like I could feel him in my abdomen. "I love you too Bells." He whispered in my ear as his body shook and I felt his fluids gush into me. Relief washed over me at the sound of his words and I rested my head on his shoulder as we came down from our high. We were both sweaty and panting but I couldn't have been more content. He placed me back on the floor and I wobbled a little bit because my legs were weak and flimsy. He laughed a little but helped me regain my balance. I was amazed by the effect he had on my body. He was too good at this. "You're incredible Jake. How are you so good at this?" I asked while we laid in his bed just holding each other. "Have you done this before?" We never talked about this specifically it was just implied. But he had the ability to make me orgasm so easily it seemed like he knew exactly what he was doing. "No." "Why not?" I knew I wasn't the only girl who wanted him and with me being so caught up in Edward back then I couldn't blame him even if it made me insanely jealous. "I'm just as horny as any other teenage boy but I couldn't see myself doing this with anyone but you." I wanted to jump for joy but I contained myself, I didn't want him to think I was a complete dork. "I'm probably going to regret asking this but what about you? Did you and Cullen ever have sex?" "No, we never got that far. He thought it would be too dangerous for me." Enough said I thought to myself. I didn't want to think about Edward while I was in bed with Jacob. The hole that was ripped in my heart when he left was almost healed and some days I didn't think of him at all and I wanted to keep it that way. Jacob could tell I didn't want to talk about that anymore and changed the subject. We talked for a while and when I glanced over at the clock it was after eight. I wanted nothing more than to stay with Jacob but we both knew Billy would be home soon and neither of us wanted him to catch us naked together. So we reluctantly got up and dressed. It was a shame to see his perfect body covered up no matter how necessary. I thought of the words we shared tonight and I didn't know when it happened but I was definitely in love with him. And I was ecstatic that he loved me too, my heart almost broke at the thought of him not saying it back. "My dad's close I'm going to help him out his truck." I was sad our time together was already coming to an end. "Yeah and I should get going." I suddenly remembered I'd forgotten to check in with Charlie. "Come here." He pulled me into his embrace and I melted into him. He lowered his lips onto mine and we savored the taste of each other. "I love you." He told me again staring into my eyes. He could say it a million times and I knew I would never get tired of hearing it come off his lips. "I love you too." "I know. I knew it even before you did." "Am I going to see you tomorrow?" I couldn't wait until Victoria was out the picture so he wouldn't have to spend so much time patrolling. "I'll stop by tomorrow night, leave your window open." I agreed and realized my window hasn't been closed since I'd moved to Forks. We shared one more lingering kiss before I headed to my truck and drove home. When I got there Charlie was on the couch as usual but he called out to me and I could tell he was going to say something I didn't want to hear. "Sit down honey." "What is it Dad?" I asked nervously sitting down next to him. "Now that you and Jake are together I don't think it's a good for you two to spend so much time alone." "Don't you trust me?" "Of course I do and you know I love Jake like he was my own son but he is a hormonal teenage boy-" "You don't have to worry about that Dad. We're not closed up in his garage all the time anymore, we hang out with his friends too." "Regardless after that hickey you had I'm pretty sure you two would be all over each other the first chance you got." He had no idea how right he was. "I know you're going to be alone sometimes but I don't want him in the house if I'm not here." "Sure Dad." I rolled my eyes but I knew he was serious. I should've known he wasn't going to let me off the hook for the hickey. I went upstairs after making something to eat and emailed Renee. I knew she was anxious to hear from me. Charlie informed her I'd finally come out of my depression but she was still worried about me. I told her about my relationship with Jacob and how happy he made me. I ended the email telling her I loved her and wished I could see her. I cleaned up for bed and changed into my pajamas. I curled up with my pillow wishing it was Jacob. The dream I had that night was a very good one. It was me and Jake on our wedding day and he was so handsome in his tuxedo it brought tears to my eyes. We had the perfect honeymoon with me screaming his name the whole time. It was so vivid that I woke up very aroused. It was a pleasant change from the nightmares I was used to and I didn't want it to end.