except for his off and on relationship with Jessica. Eric on the other hand just came off as a creep. I didn't think either of them realized I was younger than them. I never really understood how some guys noticed me. I had wavy mahogany hair with dark brown eyes and pale skin. In away I knew I was pretty, but I wasn't someone who wanted attention. I wanted to stick to shadows and stay in there. When lunch time arrived had only been introduced to people in the popular crowd. I felt like everyone else was forbidden to talk to me. Taking a coke and pizza on my tray I looked around the lunch room. My gaze fell on two girls on the far back, they seemed to want to hide in the shadows just like me. And well, I rather hang with them than with Lauren Mallory I had the pleasure to meet. "Bella," Jessica had a nasally voice that at the moment really irritated me, when she suddenly appeared beside me, "You sit with us right?" She looked quickly to the place I had gazed about, zeroing her eyes on the two girls. "You didn't think to sit with them? They're like so not in the season anymore." She rolled her eyes for greater effect, turning her gaze back to me. "What?" I asked, little dumbfounded by the fact her voice held envy and smugness at the same time. Jessica looked at me baffled. "No one told you about Rosalie and Alice?" When I shook my head she continued, "They were very popular last year and the year before, but something happened last summer I guess. They both just disappeared kinda. I think it's because Rosalie's boyfriend went to prison or something and now they're so ashamed they just don't like to be on the spotlight." Her explanation told me a lot. All she knew was that something had happened, everything else was just guesses and gossip. "So you coming?" I looked at the girls again, knowing now their names Rosalie and Alice, I decided to do the right thing for myself. Turning to look at Jessica, "Sorry, I think I'm better fit with those two. Bye." I walked away quickly not wanting to look back at the fuming Jessica that everyone else in the room was busy watching. "Excuse me," I watched as the black haired girl raised her gaze to meet mine, she had beautiful dark blue eyes, "Can I sit with you guys?" She looked at me confused and quickly checked if her friend approved. "Yeah, sure, I guess. Are you sure you want to?" She had a lilting voice that fit her petite frame and long black hair that was cut to frame her face. I looked at her questioningly. "She means it would be a social death." The blonde haired girl looked at me with her clear violet eyes that looked so sad and closed up. I wondered briefly what had happened to make her that sad. Her voice had a menacing tone in it, telling me to back off if I was here for the wrong reason. I put my tray down on the table and sat down. "It's lucky I don't care about my social standing here." I laughed, showing them I wasn't a threat. "I'm Isabella, but please call me Bella." I offered my hand to shake. "Nice to meet you Bella, I'm Alice and this is Rosalie," Alice's tiny hand was soft but firm and the smile she offered lighted up her face. The sadness that was there before was now gone. Rosalie on the other hand offered me a small smile and nod. She accepted me sitting here but wouldn't let me get too close now. Alice asked me questions and I asked some back, trying to stay clear from any question that would make them feel I was digging information about them for others. Alice asked if I wanted to join them for a coffee after school, but I had to deny unfortunately. I had a date with 3 idiots in another world. Which off course I didn't tell them, who wanted be friends with idiot who played games? I was lucky to have an art class with Alice after lunch, the teacher giving us a assignment of doing a portrait of someone that meant something to us, it could be anything. Alice told me the teacher wouldn't even look at the works we'd do and only wanted to retire as soon as possible. The last class was gym, which I hated even if I was good at it, and I had it with Rosalie and Jessica. The latter thinking I was actually only showing Rosalie and Alice sympathy and pity parties tried to make me see reason by how these two didn't deserve it. After telling her to mind her own business and not putting words in mine or others mouths, she was shocked. I finished my little rant by telling her that not all people were like her and some of us actually wanted to get to know people without other motives than getting friends. Jessica showed her true side by slapping me, I only walked away knowing her kinda people only grew up in college if even there. Rosalie who heard the whole thing helped me some ice for my cheek. She was as sweet as her voice was, even when she said that Jessica had always been a bitch. She apologized if she came on as a big bitch and said I should really come for the coffee if I wanted. Because I still said no, we agreed that I would come to Alice house tomorrow after school. All in all, school went better than I expected and I now had two new friends I actually liked. And now I was to go practice my imperfect stealth skill in game and get ready for another round of exploring with the three idiots.