with my one duffel bag, and IPod still plugged in. I felt a hand on my shoulder, and jumped about fifty feet in the air, as I turned around. It was him. Some girl was with Samuel, but I didn't even notice her, as I flung myself toward him, and began crying. He hugged me back, laughing. I had a brother. We were finally reunited, and Joshua was no where to be found. I soon blushed, and got off him. "I'm Bella Uley." I stuck out my hand. He laughed, and pulled me into a short hug. He eyed my bandage, but I tried not to feel self conscious. I did anyway. He quickly looked back up at my eyes, "And I'm Sam Uley. It's a pleasure to meet you." I blushed furiously, and he laughed at my expense. "Whatchya listening to?" The woman asked. she had three jagged scars running down her face too. That made me feel a little less self-conscious. We would be scar sisters . Wow...This is actually hilarious. I'm listening to the song "Soul Sister"... I giggled. "I'm Emily by the way, Sam's fiance" Aw...I have a sister too. "Soul sister by Train." I responded. She squealed. I looked at her, raising an eyebrow. "ILOVETHATSONG!" She giggled. Sam looked at her, a certain glow in his eyes. she looked back at him, and smiled lopsidedly like I do. I felt like I was intruding on a personal moment almost, they were in so much love..."May I have the other ear bud Bell?" She asked politely, after their little exchange. I wished I could be in love...but then again, love doesn't truthfully exist in my universe. In theirs, yes, but mine can't afford love. I'm only thirteen too, but I have been told that I am very mature for my young age. "Course." I grinned. I handed her the hot pink bud, and she put it in her ear. She was only about five inches taller...that's nice. Maybe I'm not going to be short compared to the rest... (I just had to put that in! poor Bella is in for a surprise...) We finished singing the rest. "Hey soul sister, ain't that Mr. Mister on the radio, stereo, the way you move ain't fair, you know! Hey soul sister, I don't want to miss a single thing you do...tonight The way you can't cut a rug, watching you's the only drug I need You're so gangsta, I'm so thug, you're the only one I'm dreaming of You see, I can be myself now finally, in fact there's nothing I can't be I want the world to see you be with me Hey soul sister, ain't that Mr. Mister on the radio, stereo, the way you move ain't fair, you know! Hey soul sister, I don't want to miss a single thing you do tonight, Hey soul sister, I don't want to miss a single thing you do...tonight Hey, hey Tonight Hey, hey Tonight" Me and Emily sang the whole way to the car. Which was a ford truck, the kind I was used to. "Here, Plug it in! Sam won't mind!" She plugged my IPod into the stereo, I laughed, as she told me to pick a song. I flipped through, until I found the perfect song, Otherside, by the red hot chili peppers. Sam slid into the car, and nodded in approval of the song. He only hummed though, as Emily and I blurted the lyrics out, laughing and arm flailing all over the place. By this time, I could tell even though Emily was probably about seven years older then me, we were going to be friends. We kept singing as we drove, and soon enough Sam was even singing along. We eventually got on the road that lead into La Push then. The sign simply said, "LA PUSH RESERVATION WELCOMES YOU! population-2,526 Make that 2,527 now. We drove down the road I believed was his, since we began slowing down in front of one that had two boys wrestling on the front lawn...shirtless. SWOON! Ew, i just said swoon. I sound like an idiot... As we got out of his truck, only one of the heads turned and smiled at me. He was huge like Sam was. But then again, they all were. When the guy's eyes landed on me, he looked like he pitied me. Stupid scars. I smiled lopsidedly anyway, and he smiled warmly. I looked at the rest, who all looked exactly alike, until I spotted a certain someone- "BRADY CONWELLER! COME THE FUCK HERE!" I screamed, laughing. Brady's head perked up, and he looked confused, as did everyone else, who's eyes were all on me. I blushed furiously, and that reminded Brady of who I was. "BELLA BEAN!" He scooped me up in his arms and hugged me tightly. "I missed you! You little slut! Why didn't you call me?" -and there's the playful banter. "Shut up fagot I didn't even, nor do I now have a cell phone! so shut your fat ass up!" I kissed his cheek, and demanded to be put down. He laughed, and set me back on my feet. I then, eyed him up. "DAYUMM!" I went wide eyed. "Look at your fine self! You defiantly are not the scrawny nerd I remember." Everyone laughed at him, and I laughed too as he glared at me playfully. "Still the slut I remember.." I hit him on the arm. "Well, you do look hot." he paused, looking awkward. "In a totally, I'm pretty much your big brother kind of way." I laughed, which was strange, since I really hadn't been this happy in years. Ever since I left Joshua, my life has been amazing. A smile began playing at my lips as I continued to survey the area, and the people in it. I turned my head towards the house- and thats when I saw him . Ohhh! Stay tuned for the net chapter of...SL!