front of him. She seems to read his mind easily. He has very bright blue eyes, and he have mid-length blond hair, he can see some cuts on his face and a bandage on his temple left. And he looks as scared as he feels. Jay looks up at Bella and she put the mirror on the bedside table. He can't stop wonder why she staid, he knows, she found him, she saved him, she reassures him, she examined him, she took care of him but he can't help to wonder why. "Did you know me before the accident?" Jay asks curious "No" she said simply. "Then why did you stay?" Jay said. "I mean I am nothing to you." "You were scared" she just said as it explained everything. He was going to answer when he heard a knock on the door. He looks up at Bella and she just shrugs her shoulders, and he realizes he is the one who's supposed to answer. "Yes" he said loudly. A doctor with the Asian looks and very handsome enters, he smiles at Bella and she just smiles back at him. Apparently she knows him. He enters letting the door open. "I am glad to see you up, I mean sort of." He said holding his hand waiting for Jay to shake it. "I am Daniel Henney." When he sees Jay makes no moves to shake his hand, Daniel just took back his hand not hurt, apparently he is very comprehensive like all the doctors here. "Carlisle informed me of your retrograde amnesia and I called a friend of mine, she is a cop and I thought she could may be draw your portrait and ask around the precinct if you're reported missing by someone." Daniel said. Jay knew he is going to like this man. He is very thoughtful, and it's very nice of him. He can understand that Bella and him are close. They are both very thoughtful and kind. Bella just smiles knowing Jay appreciate the gesture of Daniel. "This is very nice of you" Jay said. "Very nice." "Are you going to be ok, can she enters the room?" Daniel asks cautiously. Jay looks up at Bella and grab her hand and she just sit on the chair next to him and smiles again to reassure him. Jay nods his head and Daniel eyes travel from Jay to Bella. "Emily" Daniel asks and an Indian type girl enters. He can feel Bella tense up but she smiles at him but he can see she's not really happy with who is here. The girl is very beautiful, she has a dark complexion and long black hair up in a ponytail. She is very tall and he can't help wonder if she is dating Daniel. The girl stops in her tracks when she sees Bella but she just smiles, the same fake smile Bella has on her face and walks up to be on the edge of his bed, face to him. "Bella" she spats calmly. "Emily" Bella answers the same way. Jay smile at the way Bella doesn't let herself be bullied. "You go girl" he thinks and he can see the amused look of Daniel and he knows he is used to this mutual between the two girls. "Can I let you girls alone with Jay, or should I prepare my shovel?" he asks jokingly. "Very funny" Emily spats. "The question is who would you help cover the murder." Bella asks jokingly. "That's my cue to leave." He said before turning to Jay. "Good luck". And with that Daniel flees the room and Jay would like to do the same, there is too much tension, anger and unsaid things in this room. "I think he should be best, if you leave too" Emily said to Bella "Hell, no" screams Jay before backing off, noticing he screams, he should not scream, he doesn't know why but he knows he shouldn't. "It's okay" soothes Bella brushing softly his hairs with her hands and he can feel himself relax, he can't help thinking every time Bella touches him he relaxes immediately. "You are fine. No one is going to hurt you." "You're staying, right?" he asks shyly and scared. Emily face soften to his terrified tone and she has to admit Bella has a way to enters people's heart so easily that she is jealous of it. "Damn right, I am staying." She said in an amused tone to reassure him. Jay sigh of relief once more and looks up to see Emily writing some stuff on her note book. He can see she is in cop mode. "Medically speaking, what age would you give him?" Emily ask to Bella. "I would say between 25 and 30 years old" Bella answers sweetly. "Danny told me that you don't remember anything" Emily ask to be sure. "Anything except Bella face telling me hold on." Jay said smiling to Bella. "She tends to do that" Emily mutters glaring at Bella. Bella just focus on Jay, she didn't sleep enough, she just took shit with Carlisle, she isn't in the mood to take shit from Emily so she just ignores the girl. "I am going to take a picture of you and give it to several precinct and if someone report you missing, they are going to let me know." "Sure" said Jay. With that said, Emily takes a picture of Jay with her phone. She puts her phone back in her pocket with her note book. "If you remember anything calls me. Danny has my number." Emily said simply. "I wish you a full recovery." Then Emily left the room without a word for Bella. Jay lets out another sigh of relief, happy that all this tension is now gone. "I might be wrong" Jay said jokingly. "But I think she doesn't like you much." Bella burst into laughter for the first time in a long time. "You think?!" she said laughing.