remember waking up from the transition? The pain, the need for blood. I would have slaughtered you and Charlie." I leaned in to kiss him. He looked like he needed the reassurance more than I did. "I'm assuming you've heard of the Southern Wars?" I asked. He rolled his eyes in mirth. "Extensively." He maneuvered me so that I was straddling his back. I placed another very wet kiss to his shoulder. "Jasper was a Corporal in that war. I was trained as a fighter." I chose to ignore that piece of information. "I was changed at the starting of it. I think I was supposed to serve as a meal because I was left alone – no one around when I woke up. Anyway, I got news that a vampire was trying to round up another squad. I didn't want to be recruited so I fled to prevent crossing paths with the vampire in question." Emmett didn't say anything, but he began swimming with me still on his back. He dived into the water, turning up upside down and sideways. I laughed while holding on tight. He even went as far as doing a hand stand with me on his back. I felt like I was riding a dolphin. Maybe a shark was more fitting. The size, brute, and danger more apt. When we finally came back up to the surface, he refused to let me go. As if I would let go. As if I could. "How did you know we were mates? In this life I mean," he asked. "I can't explain it. When we were human I loved you. So much it hurt to be apart. It hurt during the time when we hide to hide from Charlie. There was always this pull to you. It's said that when we turn into vampires a lot of our human relationships just…diminish. Like they never existed or mattered. It wasn't like that for me when I changed. I can tell you, truthfully, that you were the first person I thought of when I awoke. I needed to find you - to make sure you were okay." I suddenly had this need to be even closer than I was to him despite hanging off his back. I positioned myself to his front, wrapping my legs around his waist. He began swimming lazily while I tried to stay afloat, spitting water in his face every time he sent me under water. His laugh was loud and boisterous. "Go on." "Anyway," I exaggerated, "it was physically painful to be so close, yet so far. I couldn't touch you, talk to you, tell you that in some form I was still alive." I brought my face closer and whispered in his ear. "This always drove you nuts." I took his earlobe in my mouth, sucking lightly and biting gently before letting go. To my satisfaction, he still reacted the same way. "Shit," he groaned and began adjusting himself under water. "I do like that. We need to do that again, but I want to know more." I laughed. "What else do you want to know? A lot has happened since we've been apart. Over a hundred years of events. I think you've led a more exciting life than I have, though. You're a Volturi guard for crying out loud. A good part of my vampire life was spent trying to find you." I sobered quickly. "For fifty-three years I thought you were dead. I couldn't…couldn't…" If vampires could hyperventilate than that's what I would have been doing. "Shhh. I'm here, Bella. We're here together. Through everything – the Southern War, the Volturi recruitment, printing books," he dipped his head to smile at me, "we found each other. If we're not mates, if we weren't meant to be together than who is?" "Will you come home with me then? Back to Washington?" I asked, hope coating every word. Emmett began laughing incredibly hard. Hard enough to let me slip into the water. The surprise of being dropped had me sputtering. "Were you this funny when we were humans?" he asked between guffaws. I stood in my spot, arms folded. I'm pretty sure with my hair in my face I looked like a drowned cat. "I find nothing funny about this, Emmett Paul McCarty!" "I know, I know. I'm sorry." He tried containing his laughter. "But really, B, to ask such a silly question. It's funny." Finally he stopped laughing. " You are my home. If you want to go back to Washington, I'm there. If you want to go to Italy, I'll buy the plane tickets once we dry off. I just started loving you…again." "Do you really…love me, I mean? I know how I feel about you, but our situations are different. If you don't feel it, I'll understand." It would destroy me, but I'd respect his feelings. "How can I not feel it? Whatever it is." He grabbed my face again, with so much tenderness, I could have cried if that was an option. "I can tell you the moment when you walked into that club tonight. I could feel your eyes on me. I just didn't know who you were. I didn't want to assume you were the person Alice told me to watch out for. It was like I was…tethered to you the whole night. It feels wonderful, by the way," she said cheekily. "So…you're mine? I can keep you past the weekend?" I asked nervously. "You can keep me for eternity." AN: Mama4dukes, I hope you enjoyed it and I did your prompt some justice. If you would like to see all the stories that are a part of this exchange visit the facebook group: Fanficaholics Anon: Where Obsession Never Sleeps, or add the C2 to get all the stories direct to your inbox. (remove the spaces…you know how FF deals with links. www . fanfiction community /FAGE-007/93625/ Thanks about for reading my attempt at romance and playfulness.