began stroking the most prized possession that didn't belong to me. Nothing in the world could be described as perfect…expect for this. It was a flawless beige color with a pinkish cut tip. Just the slightest hint of blue vein could be seen running along the length. "Bella," he panted against my neck. "Faster," he demanded harshly. I pumped faster, gripped tighter. I felt his cock jump and took it as a sign that he was almost there. "I want to feel you inside me, Edward." I unwrapped the towel, exposing myself to him. I spread my legs wider hoping to entice him. "It's glistening," he rasped. Two fingers ran across my soaked entrance. I bucked my hips as the same two fingers entered me and pumped agonizingly slow. "Edward, please," I begged when it seemed like he would do nothing else with anything but his fingers. He smirked quickly before dipping his head and licking my nipple. He bit lightly, making me shudder in absolute bliss. He pulled back but continued to tease my nipples. I watched as he removed his hand from between my legs and used the moisture to rub himself. I watched in rapt attention as he moved to finally enter me, but there was also a moment of hesitation. In a panic, I grabbed him and guided him inside before he could back out. The feeling of him inside me was nothing I could ever describe. It was perfect without him even having to move. "Bella," he moaned when he was completely sheathed. He was still, but his breathing was erratic. We both needed a moment just to feel. It was overwhelming for the both of us. I wanted this man, loved him, and being with him like this was something I was sure would only happen in my dreams. "Move, Edward," I instructed him softly when my need for friction become priority over anything else. He started slowly. Holding on to my hips, he pulled out and pushed back in before he was completely out. While it felt amazing, I needed more, but didn't want to seem too demanding as a lover. Leaning back a little more, I used one hand to grope my breast and the other to rub my clit. This spurred him on to move faster. "Oh God, Edward! Just like that." He pumped faster, pumped harder. "I'm sorry, baby, I'm not going to last longer." In my emotional, aroused state, the term of endearment had tears burning my eyes in an effort to keep from falling. This moment, no matter how short and hurried, would be what I held on to. To be called 'baby' by the man I could never obtain would be the moment I would look back and smile at. Embarrassed by my crying, I lifted myself up, wrapping my body around Edward. With ease, he held on to ass, taking me against the door. He pumped furiously while I sucked and licked, switching between his earlobe and neck. Edward stilled underneath me while his grip only tightened. I hadn't gotten off, but I had gained so much more. I was pretty sure that his drunkenness and more emotional instability had played a part in my lack of orgasm. I slide down the door slowly. He held my hand while I steadied myself on wobbly legs. I smiled gratefully when I felt a bit sturdier and lowered to clean myself up. I couldn't find it in me to do anything but watch when he began moving around the small bathroom. "Do you want to lay down with me in the room?" he asked, his words still slurred. "Yeah," I answered shyly. I had basically seduced this man and now I couldn't look him in the eyes. "I just need to take a shower first. I'm kinda gross from work." Among other things. "I'll be in my room when you're ready then." I watched his naked ass walk back into his room, closing the door behind him. Almost too giddy too function, I took a shower and processed what just happened. I just had sex with Edward Cullen! I should feel bad, and on some deep rooted level, I did, but not enough to regret it. Would it have been better if he was sober? Of course, but I wasn't Edward's type, so getting him drunk was the only way we could ever happened. I couldn't wipe the smile off my face as I dried off quickly. The topping on this drunken sundae would be spending the night with Edward even if all we would be doing was sleeping. I knocked lightly, letting him know I was coming in. It was dark inside, but by memory I knew exactly where his bed was. "Edward?" I whispered. I saw his toned body on the bed laying face down. As gingerly as I could I sat on his bed and rubbed his back with a feathered touch. "Edward?" I heard his soft snores. I didn't immediately leave. I considered staying anyway and gluing myself to his side, but my Edward high was wearing down. If I stayed the night, and he woke up wondering what the hell I was doing in his bed it would break my heart. It was better if I separated myself now; start preparing early for the regret and maybe disgust I would see in his eyes the next morning. With a gentle kiss to his shoulder blade and a quiet thank you for the best night of my life, I walked out of Edward's bedroom. AN: Thanks to Chandrakanta D'Aman to beta'ing this chapter. I bit the bullet and posted this story. I wanted to wait until it was finished before posting, but without the urgency of updating, I wasn't writing anything at all. With that being said, there won't be a schedule for this story, but I promise to try my hardest to update somewhat regularly. Please review if you feel so inclined. Thanks!