back on top of me, his hands pressed into the mattress next to my head. "Condom?" "Pill." "Perfect." He quickly thrust inside me and I arched back into him, one of my legs wrapping around his waist as I moaned loudly. I thought the sparks I'd felt when we kissed had been shocking – it was absolutely nothing compared to the electricity flowing through me now. Every single nerve ending was alive, every little movement was noticeable, every breath hurt in the most glorious fucking way and I never wanted to live without this feeling. "Shit," he breathed, dropping his forehead onto my chest. "Fuck. You feel fucking incredible." "You're not so bad yourself," I panted, sliding my arms around his back. He grunted, his mouth opening over my skin and his tongue sliding out as he slowly pulled out of me. I dug my fingernails into his back, my hips meeting his as he pushed back in. He moaned and my breath caught in my throat, the electricity spiking between us. "Do you… do you feel this?" he moaned, his mouth at my ear as I clawed at his back. "Yes." "I've never had this… fuck ." I wrapped my other leg around his waist, hooking my ankles and throwing my head back as we moved together. The sound of his moans in my ear and the way he felt was something I'd never experienced before. I'd never had this feeling with any of my previous boyfriends, had never thought something like this could even exist with someone. "Bella," he whispered into my ear before his lips were on mine. I moaned into his mouth, moving my fingernails from his back to place my hands on his cheeks. I sucked his bottom lip into my mouth, my tongue flicking over his hoop before his tongue melded with mine. I moved my hands from his cheeks, sliding my hands down his neck and onto his chest. I dropped my legs from around his waist, placing my feet flat on the mattress and sliding my hands around to his back once more. He pulled away from me, his breathing heavier than it had been as he buried his face in my neck and started moving his hips faster against mine. I immediately responded to him, my hands trailing farther down his back to rest on his ass. Fuck, it felt even better than it looked. He growled into my ear and I felt his teeth nipping at the juncture of my neck and shoulder, sending shivers down my spine and causing me to squeeze a little harder. His hips started moving even faster and I met his pace, moving my hands from his ass to grab onto his shoulders. "Fuck," he panted, moving his head from my neck and looking into my eyes. "You're so… fuck ." I felt my stomach tighten as I stared back at him, my entire body shaking as he leaned back a little and hit a spot I wasn't even aware fucking existed in my body. I arched up off the bed, my nails digging into his shoulders and my mouth dropping open as I damn near screamed. "So fucking close," he moaned, one of his hands moving in between us and finding my clit. I did scream then, my vision blurring and the edges turning a slight shade of white as I fell off the edge, my hips still moving against his. "Yes," he hissed, a guttural moan making its way out of his mouth as he continued to move with me. "Fuck, yes, shit, Bella ." He stilled on top of me and I collapsed back onto the mattress, looking up in enough time to see him throw his head back, the cords in his neck standing out in the light from the streetlamp outside. He thrust into me once more before he fell on top of me, our chests working together as we attempted to catch our breath. I swallowed hard and raised my limp arms to tangle my fingers in his hair, looking up at my ceiling as he buried his face in my shoulder. I felt him pressing small kisses against my skin after a few minutes and closed my eyes when I felt him pull out of me. He rolled off me and onto the other side of the bed, one of his hands resting on my stomach. "For once in my life," he started, still panting slightly, "I am fucking speechless." I opened my eyes and looked over at him, chuckling and shaking my head. He rolled his head to look over at me and smirked, turning on his side and propping himself up on his elbow. "Mind if I stay here tonight?" "Well, I'm sure as hell not getting dressed to drive you back to your car, that's for sure." He laughed and leaned over me, his lips gentle against mine as he splayed his fingers out on my stomach, trailing his hand over to my side and pulling me against him. I rolled onto my side, draping a still-limp arm over his waist as he pulled back from me. I caught the glow of my alarm clock behind his head as he rested completely and smirked to myself, grabbing the extra blanket I kept at the foot of my bed and pulling it over us. I snuggled into his chest and buried my nose in his chest, breathing him in. "Merry Christmas, Edward," I sighed out. He wrapped his arms around me, throwing one of his legs over top of mine and resting his chin on the top of my head. "Merry Christmas, Bella." ~*~ Yes, I do plan on continuing this when I've got some free time. It's gonna be a while, but I promise that there will be more of a story attached to it once I can breathe a little more. Thanks again for reading and voting and being awesome! I love you all.