into her car seat as she pouted. "You in there nice and snug?" I asked her. She nodded and I kissed her forehead. I closed her door before getting in and buckling my seat belt. I started the car and pulled away from the curb. "The song, the song!" she happily reminded me. I smiled and turned it on for her. It warmed my heart to hear her voice singing along. About fifteen minutes later, we pulled up to the Rising Star Daycare Center. I quickly grabbed a parking space and got Cassie out of the car. I knew she excited to get in to see her friends. I picked her up and grinned when she kissed my cheek. I walked in to see the center as busy as it usually is with parents rushing to get to work. I put Cassie down and she instantly ran to her cubbie to put her stuff away, laughing with a friend already. After two minutes, the pen to sign in became free. I grabbed it only to have a soft hand reach for it at the same time. I looked up to see brown hair blocking a woman's face. "I'm terribly sorry," I apologized smoothly. She ran a hand through her hair and moved it over her shoulder. The smile that stretched over my face when I saw who it was nearly broke my face. She looked up at me with the same brown eyes I'd fantisized about earlier today. An adorable shocked look crossed her face before she blushed and smiled back at me, just as bright as I had at her. We quickly signed in and moved out of the way for the other parents. We stood to the side and I couldn't stop the surprised laugh that left me. "Bella Swan," I said in amazement. She smiled and tucked her hair behind her ear. "Edward Cullen, I must say I'm surprised to see you. But pleasently so," she said, her voice sounding better than my imagination could ever make her. "Me as well. How are you?" I replied happily. She smiled and looked past me. "Ever since my little angel came into my life, I've been just fine." I nodded in agreement with her. "I'd like to talk more with you. If you'll just hold on one second while I saw goodbye to my daughter," I said and she nodded. I called Cassie and she walked over to me. "Daddy has to leave now, and I just wanted a great big hug from you before I go." She pouted and her eyes began to glisten. I pulled her into a hug and heard someone saw 'aww'. When I pulled back. I wiped her eyes and kissed her cheeks before saying what I normally said. "Daddy will always come back for you. I may run late sometimes but always know that I'm coming back for you." As she heard my words, she felt reassured. "Now, I need you to go play and have a fun day. Can you do that for me?" I asked her, already knowing the answer as her group of friends gathered around her. She nodded and smiled at me, and it made my heart swell with love for her. She ran over to her friends but there was one child in particular who stood out to me. I instantly knew he was Bella's. His hair ws the same brown as her. He had the sides and back of his head shaved low but the top was full of curls. His skin was the same shade as his mother's and he had her smile. But was shocked me were his eyes. His eyes were a very light green, and they seemed to pop combined with his hair. He was talking to her and they were laughing. They started walking to the play area when he stumbled, but Cassie steaded him and grabbed his hand to keep him steady. "You have a beautiful son," I murmed to Bella. She smiled at me and said the same of Cassie. I felt my phone vibrate in my pocket. I walked out with Bella and my phone started vibrating. I looked over at Bella to see her looking at me. She blushed and grinned. "Bella, it was great to see you. I'd really like to catch up but I've gotta run," I said apologetically. She nodded and asked, "May I have your number then?" I grinned at her and she blushed before saying, "So we can meet up again!" Ichuckled. "I know Bella. Of course you can have my number. You beat me to the punch actually," I said. She gave me her phone and I proceeded to put in my number and call myself so I could have hers. "So, I'll text or call you sometime today?" Bella said, her voice filled with hope. I smiled at her and nooded. As if I could say no. She blushed and I realized I'd said that out loud. I shrugged my shoulders and smiled as she giggled. "So, I'll hear from you today?" I said to make sure. She nodded. Without thinking I leaned in and hugger her gently. "Talk to you soon then. I hope you have a good day," I said before walking towards my car. I got into my car and saw Bella go to her car. As I pulled out of the lot and began driving. And as I looked in my mirror, I saw Bella do a little dance which made me laugh. I connected my phone to the car and not two minutes later, it rang. It was my father telling me to meet him at his house. After hanging up, I sighed and turned on some music. I guess it was a great day afterall. Soo here's my new story! I hope you like it! Comment's would be most apperciated here, as I'm not very confident with this story. I'm sure you know why lol.