has for a," Edward paused, "a woman" Skye looked at me. "Do you understand what I'm telling you?" Did he think I was stupid? "Yes. I understand. " I didn't know how I felt about this information. "I'll give you some time to think" Edward mumbled before walking away. "Wait!" I tried to shout after him, but my voice wouldn't come up above a whisper. For the next seven days I thought about what Edward said. I realized that he was the one I wanted to spend most of my time with. I talked to him when I was upset for, whatever reason. His silly jokes always made me laugh and he always knew what to say in order to cheer me up. The only issue is that we have been at war for two and a half months, and I had only known him for three. However I felt as though I've known him for my entire life. Did I feel for Edward? Would I want to have a life with him? Yes I think so. We had two days before we would reach home. By the time we reached our castle walls I had made my decision. I wasn't sure how to handle it from that point, because Father won't approve. We got home just as the sun was rising in the sky. Everyone was outside waiting to congratulate us. After burring the fallen we spent the day reliving and retelling the past three months. In the evening, of course, there was a feast. Again we spent our time telling battle stories full of reenactments and praises. The next morning I went to fetch Edward from the training field. I did not fail to notice that none of my brothers were here, with the exception of the twins, Apinn and Orinn, who were always out here climbing things that they shouldn't be climbing and doing things that they should not be doing. I assumed that my brothers wanted to spend some time with their families, as everyone older than me was married. Insert mumbled grumbles here. Well it was about to change. Once I found Edward, I took him inside the castle. He was in awe of the inside. I guess he had never been inside. It was truly beautiful and another one of the things that I have taken for granted for most of my life. After explaining my epiphany to him, Edward and I went to speak with Father. I was not looking forward to it. Let's just say that Father was unhappy. "What?" Father shouted. Edward and I held our ground. "We want to marry." I said, for the seventh time, might I add, in a loud and clear voice. Father was getting old, and so I was just trying to help him. Of course I would never say that to him. "Are you mad, woman?" Father shouted, exasperated. "We care for each other, Father please. You must understand love. Didn't you love Mother once?" I was grasping at straws. "First of all, do not bring your mother up. Second of all do not tell me what I must and mustn't do. Third, I did love your mother, but we were both from good blood lines. Your children will be half breeds, they will never be accepted. Your children will just be ridiculed. Is that what you want? No, you cannot marry a nobody. I refuse." Father continued to shake his head from side to side even after he stopped talking. "Edward is not a 'nobody'" I insisted. "Oh really? What's your surname boy?" My father had a look in his eyes that was not much different, I was told, than the one I get when I'm scheming. "Cullen" Edward said in a strong, proud voice. "I have heard that name before. Ah, yes. Was your father's name Carlisle?" Father seemed deep in thought. Good that means he was considering it. "Yes it was. Did you know him?" Edward responded. He was a lot braver than I would have thought he be. I was defiantly impressed. "Yes, we fought together. He saved my life countless times. He was one of my most trusted" Father mused. "See? Edward is someone! His father saved you!" I encouraged. "None the less, he is not from a blood line like ours. Yes I know him, but no one else does." Father looked like he was at his breaking point. "Then he will be known as my husband." I concluded. "I don't know…" He is almost there just a bit more pushing and convincing. "Please?" Thankfully I was very good at faking my emotions and so I could cry on command. This was a goodtime to use those skills. When he saw me start to cry Father finally broke. I'm not saying that I had to fake my tears because I didn't feel for Skye, they would have just taken much, much longer to appear. This was just me speeding up the process. "Alright, alright. You can marry." Father smiled as he accepted my future husband. "Thank you Father!" I almost screamed. I was so overcome with emotion. I have never in my life felt this happy, not even when winning a battle, or spending time with Edward. I guess I'll be spending a lot of time with him. Edward then pulled me outside, to the gardens. It was my favorite place and he knew it. "Some one is very eager." I laughed. "I just didn't want to give your father time to change his mind." Edward informed me. I jumped up and hugged Edward. "Were getting married!" Edward laughed. "I love you," I whispered to Edward. I looked into his eyes and all I could see was happiness. "I love you too." Edward whispered before he kissed me. My first kiss with my future Husband. Things could not get any better. I have a wonderful future to look forward to, with my fantastic family, and my great future husband.