Bella said. "Thank you," I replied with a slight laugh. Yes, she was definitely drunk. "He said thank you," the other friend who remained nameless said. The waiter came back with a bottle of wine and three shot glasses. "Goodie!" all three shouted. They toasted and I watched Bella toss back the shot. I watched as she wrapped her lips around the rim of the glass. I watched as she tilted her head back, and I watched as she swallowed the liquid. I found myself instantly hard. What the fuck is wrong with me? There was nothing slightly erotic about that, in fact it was the opposite. Yet, I could not help my reaction. What the fuck was it about this tiny little thing that made me leave an easy lay just to introduce myself to her? As the night went on, the drinks kept flowing. My guys had taken their girls and left, and Bella's friends had left us too. How fucking nice of them leaving their incredibly drunk friend alone with a stranger. We were the only ones left in the bar. It was almost closing time. Bella and I moved to the back, where there was a row of couches all facing down onto the Las Vegas Strip. Bella surprised the fuck out of me when out of the blue she straddled my lap and started kissing the side of my face. Hey, don't get me fucking wrong, I'm not complaining. She just took me by surprise. "You're so fucking beautiful, it's not fair," she said in between kisses. "How the fuck am I beautiful?" I asked. I had given my hands free reign and they were everywhere, exploring her every curve through her black cocktail dress. "Edward, shut the fuck up and kiss me!" She said. I grabbed the back of her head roughly and bought her mouth down to mine. I devoured her lips, swallowed her moans, and still wanted more. The taste, her taste, fuck! Nothing could compare to it. I could taste the alcohol on her, but I could taste her sweetness too. It was far more potent and far more addictive than any drug out there. I had to have her, I had to make her mine. "You wanna get out of here?" I whispered to her. "Are you gonna fuck me, Edward?" she asked, with lust filled eyes. "Oh, baby, I am going to do so much more than fuck you." Fuck, why the fuck is it so bright in here? I groan as I roll over, only for my hand to encounter a body. I open my eyes. Bella. Ahh yes, it is all coming back to me now. I married her last night, or this morning, or whatever. I was not as drunk as she was. I asked, she said yes and then boom we have a marriage certificate. Okay. Okay, it was an asshole move on my part to take advantage of her like that, but I did say I had to have her and so I took her. She groaned and slowly opened her eyes. I was leaning over her, she jumped up when she saw me. A move which she instantly regretted as she was now holding onto her head. "That was not very smart on your part, baby. Why don't you get back in bed?" I question. "What the hell? How..who…Edward…what?" She was so cute right now, looking all confused. "Get back in bed, Bella. You have to have a killer headache." "I don't want to get back in bed. I want my clothes. I want to get out of here," she said, gripping the sheet to her body tightly as she scanned the room for her clothing. "I said get back in bed, Bella." Why can't she just listen? Can't she see that I want what's best for her, and I know she has to have a killer headache. She chose to ignore me, which made me fucking mad. Who the fuck does she think she is? Am I talking to the fucking walls here? "I am fucking talking to you!" I say a little louder. "I know, and I told you, I want my clothes and I want…" she stopped mid-sentence when her eyes landed on her left hand, and the rock that sat on her ring finger caught the sun coming in through the large window. "Now, as I was saying, why don't you be a good little wifey and listen to your husband and get back in bed," I said with a triumphant smile. "We are…we…you…and me…we…are married?" Like I said, fucking adorable when she's confused. "Yeah, baby, or should I say, Mrs. Mason." "Mason?" "Bella Mason, it has a nice ring to it. Don't you think?" I asked, picking up a pair of shorts and throwing them on. "We can't do this. I can't do this, we have to get this annulled right now. Get dressed, come on," she said frantically. I pinched the bridge of my nose and chuckled without humor. I think I liked her better when she was drunk and not whining so much. "Can't do that." "What the hell do you mean you can't do that?" she asked, stopping her movements. By now she had found her clothes and was putting them back on. "I don't believe in divorce," I said with a shrug. "Well I do." "Tough, it ain't gonna happen." "We are going to get this taken care of. We can't do this. We don't even know each other!" she shouted. That was my fucking last straw. I charged at her, tackled and threw her on the bed. I pinned her down. Our faces were only a few inches apart. "You better get used to the idea of us, Mrs. Mason, because I will never give you a fucking divorce." "Don't make me call my daddy, Edward. He carries a badge and a gun, I'm sure he can convince you," she warns. A cop...fuck!