you." His voice was low and husky, wrapping around my body like a fine silk. "How?" I muttered, still embarrassed but turned on beyond belief. "Let me show you how much I want you." With his fingers under my chin, he raised my head and forced me to look into his eyes. He was waiting for my consent – my decision that I wanted this, too. I nodded. Embarrassment aside, I wanted Jasper. I wanted to feel all of him all over me. I closed my eyes and just felt as he ran a single digit across my collarbone and down between my breasts. "Jasper," I called out, grabbing his hand and halting him from going lower. An errant thought floated across my mind. "I…I just want you to know that I don't usually do this – hook up with strangers when I'm alone." He smiled sweetly at me. "Do you believe that I don't hook up with groupies?" "Of course," I said confidently. I never thought it was something he lied about. "Thank you." He kissed me gently. "And I know you don't." He kissed down my neck and collarbone, making his way down to my already exposed breast. He bit down lightly, immediately taking it into his mouth. One hand massaged the neglected breast while the other grabbed my hair, forcing my head back and my chest out. His hips pinned me in place as if I would actually try to escape. "Jasper," I moaned wantonly. His hot breath felt cool against my wet nipple. "Say it again," he demanded. "Fuck. Jasper," I whimpered. "Touch me. Please," I begged. My bottoms were wet and it had nothing to do with the ocean. "That's it baby." One hand was still in my hair, yanking my head back and exposing my neck. With one long lick, my ear lobe was suddenly in his mouth. "I can smell you, Bella. Nothing smells better. Can I feel you?" "Oh, God, please," I cried loudly. There could have been a whole audience with their ears pressed against the door right now and I couldn't care less. I needed Jasper right now. He pushed the fabric aside and let his thumb glide against my slick folds. "Oh, fuck, Bella," he groaned, almost sounding like a sob. "You're so wet. Bella, baby. I can't wait much longer. I'm just a man." "Don't. Don't wait. I need you inside me." Never in my life had I needed a man as much as I needed Jasper right now. This feeling was beyond attraction and lust. I knew that and I hoped to Jesus that Jasper felt it, too. "Wrap your legs around me," he instructed as he helped lift me off the ground. I almost swallowed him whole when I was finally able to kiss him again. Very few things felt better than Jasper's kisses. He wasted little time aligning himself and actually entering me. His deep groan of pleasure matched my own. He was slow, drawing out mutual pleasure. The thought was appreciated but I didn't need slow right now. "Faster, baby. Harder," I panted out. With a grunt and shift, he picked up his pace. I braced myself with my hands on his shoulders and his hands on my hips. "Uh…Jasper…God." My thoughts were incoherent and jumbled. The only thing I could think clearly about was how good he felt inside me. His neck pulsed with each thrust and grunt making it look so inviting. Taking a page out of his book, I licked along the most prominent vein in his neck and sucked his ear lobe into my mouth. "Shit…shit…shit." His thrust became erratic and he pumped harder and mumbled nonsense. "Fuck," I screamed out when he hit just the right spot. If there wasn't an audience before, there had to be one now. "Right there. Right there." I brought my mouth back down to his neck to keep from screaming out again. I could feel my legs began to quake as I teetered on the edge. Two more powerful thrusts and I bit down hard on his shoulder as an orgasm possessed my body. "Bella," Jasper roared in the small room as he let his own orgasm claim him. My legs were weak and staggering as I tried to right my bottoms and pull his shirt over my head. He held me while I got my bearings. I guess leg days at the gym shouldn't be skipped. "You okay?" "Yeah," I laughed, still trying to steady my breathing. "It's just been awhile, ya know." "Oh, I know," he chuckled darkly. "I'll give you some room to get yourself together." "Thanks." I knotted his shirt in the back. "Oh! Jasper," I called before he left the stall. "Rose said she and Emmett can keep Charlotte tonight." "Oh, really?" he sauntered back over to me and pulling me to him. "I'll have to call my sister and thank her then." "Mhmm," I moaned as his breath caressed my neck. "Do you want to come home with me tonight?" "Are you trying to pick me up?" I nodded coyly. "Will you wear those glasses that I like?" "Only if you promise not to wear anything at all," I compromised. "You got yourself a deal, Mrs. Whitlock." If you would like to see all the stories that are a part of this exchange visit the facebook group: Fanficaholics Anon: Where Obsession Never Sleeps, or add the C2 to get all the stories direct to your inbox. www. / community/ FAGE-9-The-Last-Ride/93625/ (remove the spaces) Lastly, I want to send a HUGE thank you to Readingmama (Tiffany Vee on FB) for hosting the previous FAGEs and Speklez (Elizabeth Kloos on FB) for hosting this year – the final year – of FAGE. Two of my favorite stories that I have written were from a FAGE. There were a lot of great stories that were written as an exchange. It was stressful, but it was fun. Thanks for everything ladies.