caught. He stopped walking, looking at her intently. The small interaction lasted a couple of seconds, ending with a shake of her head before she walked past him without a backward glance. Both of their faces had instantly fallen. She was discreet, keeping the right attitude that society expected; he turned and followed her with his eyes, until she disappeared around the corner, and continued his chores as if nothing happened. I don´t have a doubt in my mind that in that moment they were both heartbroken. A few months later the terrible news hit our house; Anna died. There were different rumors regarding her passing, one was that Anna was caught trying to leave her husband, and who obviously wouldn't allow it, so instead she took her own life. The second rumor was that her husband found out about Anna having a lover and took matters into his own hand, killing both of them. Everybody believed the first rumor; it was more likely considering the change everybody observed in her. Somehow, I believed more in the second one. "Shhh! Niña, not everybody has a tragic ending. Just look at your parents," she says, putting the final touches on the corset. I look at her full of disbelief, which makes her bite her lower lip nervously. The fact that they had made it work by practically ignoring each other doesn't mean they are happy. I knew Papa´s heart has and will always belong to my mother, but Papa needed a wife to help raise his daughters, and Mama wanted a husband to raise her position in her society. It seemed like the perfect arrangement. "We should stop with the chit-chat and finish preparing you," she ends the conversation, probably afraid of being caught gossiping. She quickly pulls the dress from the hanger and helps me put it on. She closes the dress not looking too happy at it, as she pulls the laces as much as she can. "You have lost weight, Niña." She sounds worried. I ignore her comment and walk slowly to the dresser; I feel relieved when I sit down, happy to finally rest the weight of my body in the chair. Jacinta works swiftly on my hair. If there is one thing I know my sisters envy, it's my hair. It doesn´t have the curls of Marian, or the beautiful chestnut color of Marissa, but it is long, thick and as dark as night, with its own shine. Jacinta starts putting it up, as the misses are expected. I know Mama instructed her on how to do it, considering the hairdo doesn´t complement my features. Mama wants to make sure the attention goes to Marissa and not me. Why does she even bother? Honestly, nobody in his right mind is going to pay any attention to the sick little one. Jacinta helps me stand up and we both walk to where the mirror is located at one end of the room, next to the overloaded bookcase. I enjoy seeing her angry look at the books almost falling from it; she likes everything in perfect order, and the bookcase gets on her nerves. There isn´t much she can do about it; I know she has tried, but having this many is hard to store in a proper order. I adore my books, the variety of them, from languages, science, and math; however, the ones I love the most are stories and novels. Marian and Marissa spend their time sewing, painting or doing social gossiping—something Mama considers is worth for a future Mrs. No-man-likes-his-women-to-be-smarter-than-him , so she discourages them from reading. When night falls they like coming to my bedroom and lay in my bed next to me while I tell them a bedtime story. This activity brought us together and made us tight. I could hardly join them outside or in dances, but at the end of the day, they will always seek me out—or at least they used to. Now it's only Marissa; the other side of the bed is cold from the lack of Marian's presence. I divert my attention from the bookcase and see my reflection on the mirror. I like the color of the dress; it's a light pink that manages to bring some color to my pale complexion, and a perfect contrast to my black hair. I like the ruffles on the sleeves with small rose embroidery on them. At my chest there is a beautiful ribbon that criss-crosses from my chest to my stomach area. It usually fits perfectly, but Jacinta is right, I´ve lost weight, and it's no longer providing the right form to the area. Mama is not going to be happy about it. I hear the creaking of the wood outside of my room. Somebody is coming. I turn my head to see our newcomer. "Amalia?" Mama enters my room without bothering to knock and makes a quick inspection of my dress. One of her eyebrows goes up, joining her frown. It seems she is not happy with the result, but keeps the comment to herself. "Yes, Mama," I answer back with some attitude. "It's almost time." She signals to Jacinta to leave the room. She follows the order without uttering a word, closing the door behind her. "You know what you need to do?" The only reason I am allow to attend is because she wants me to analyze this new suitor, and make sure he's not another charlatan. With all the Spanish and creole that are in town trying to rise the social ladder, it's becoming harder to tell apart the charlatans from the ones that Mama is interested in. "Yes, Mama." I close my eyes and get a hold of the bookcase as another dizzy spell forms. I should have eaten something. By the time I open my eyes again Mama is leaving the room, not concerned for my wellbeing. She has higher priorities; to make sure her daughter, Marissa, is ready for this stranger.