means. Slowly, in case he's misread her, he pushes forward at the same time as he pulls her closer. She hums around him, tongue swirling, rubbing the underside of his cock as he begins to fuck her face, pushing just a little deeper each time. Her pretty lips are tight on his length, and she applies suction each time he pulls back, as if fighting the ebb of his stroke. He reaches the back of her throat, feeling the obstruction, but she doesn't pull away. Instead, she adjusts the angle of her neck, takes a deep breath through her nose, and holds still. He presses forward experimentally. She doesn't move as he pushes deeper, her throat closing around him. Her eyes are closed, her face a mask of concentration. He withdraws, but not much. Losing that wet heat hurts too much; he can't do it. He wants to keep this feeling forever. When he pushes forward again, it's not so slow, not so gentle. She takes it, takes him, her hands holding his hips, her mouth now moving with him, throat swallowing him down. It's too much, too much at once, and he can't take it. With a sharp little grunt he comes, holding her still as he empties down her throat. They're both panting when he finally slips from her mouth, and he jerks when she gives his head one last little lick with that pink tongue. She raises up, nibbling along one side of the defined V of his pelvis. "You crazy girl." He still needs her—fuck yes, he does. He's not nearly finished with her yet. He grabs her hands and hauls her to her feet, then turns her toward the shower and smacks her ass. "Get in there." She yelps, grabbing at the warm mark he's left on her butt, and scowls over her shoulder as she steps into the tub. Edward follows her, adjusting the showerhead so it won't spray on either of them until the water heats. Now that he's better able to really appreciate her naked body, Edward takes the opportunity to stare. Her skin is peaches and cream, flushed with warmth where the water hits her, her cheeks pink and her eyes bright. Her breasts are small and round, with sweet little pink nipples that harden when he puts his hands on her, bringing her back to his front, cupping them in his hands. She lets him bite and lick his way down her wet neck and across her shoulder as he squeezes her breasts and pinches the nipples, working her slowly, learning the sound of her sighs. He's a little calmer now, where before he might have eaten her alive. He cups between her legs, feeling the silky brush of hair, then smooth, bare skin as his fingers find her lips and dip between them. She exhales slowly, her body going limp against him. Edward's hard again, and he presses his cock against her ass as his fingers slip deeper, finding her swollen clit and circling it lightly. The whimper she gives him is electric, and he pushes against her again, his cock slipping between her legs as she widens her stance, letting him rub against her. He won't enter her bare, he tells himself firmly, but god, this feels good. He thrusts from behind, the head of his long cock meeting his fingers as he pushes against her, parting her folds, rubbing along her dripping slit. She's moving, too, pressing rhythmically against his fingers as he circles her clit. He can feel how much she wants this, and he's not gonna deny her. "Kitten," he breathes against her wet shoulder. "Pretty little kitten. You've been driving me crazy all night, and now you're mine to return the favor. You have a fucking naughty little mouth. Maybe you'd like to see what I can do with mine?" The pleading noise she rewards him with and the way she pushes harder against his fingers tells him that yes, she definitely does. His mouth waters at the thought, but not here. Going down on a girl in a shower is just awkward. Instead he moves his fingers faster on her clit, pinching and rolling a nipple with his other hand, locking her against him as he thrusts. A high-pitched whine leaves her mouth and she jerks in his arms. He holds her tighter, keeps her still, making her take what he's giving her as her body spasms and her cries get louder until she spills over the edge, coming against him, her tight little body struggling with the instinct to move, to curl with the sensation that floods her. He's still hard; the need to be inside her is overwhelming. "Please," she says. Fuck, he loves that. Her little ass pushes back against him, and he feels her arch, trying to get his cock exactly where she wants it. "Not here, baby," he groans, even though it's exactly what he wants, too. "Can't give a kitten like you a kit of your own." A whine of complaint leaves her mouth, but she stops wiggling and arching against him. "Good girl," Edward croons. He rubs her breast slowly, teeth grazing the wet skin of her shoulder. She feels too good in his arms; he's not sure he can let her go. She's panting, chest heaving under his hand as he holds her close. He hasn't been inside her yet, and he already knows this is different—different than any hookup he's ever had. After a minute, she turns in his arms. Her eyes are wide and dark—hazy, replete. She raises one hand and cups his cheek, rolling up on her toes to brush her lips against his. "You are going to fuck me though, right?" "Till you scream, baby." He nips her lip as she pulls away. She reaches for the bar of soap in the soap dish, that sweet, mocking smile flashing again. "Good. But don't call me kitten." A/N: Mwah! Loves you, duckies!