her mom replied in concern. "Well Peter beaten me up pretty," Skylar said. "Oh my god," her mom replied in fear. "We will be there soon," Skylar said. "Ok we will be ready," her mom replied. "Bye mom," Skylar said. "Bye," her mom replied. Skylar hung up her phone. "Carlisle," her mom said. Carlisle came into the kitchen in no time. He saw the horror in her face. "I heard everything," Carlisle replied. Skylar's mom could do is dit down while she waited for her. Jade pulled up to Skylar's home. As Jade got out of the car and went to help Skylar, the front door opened. Carlisle came out to help her with Skylar. "You must be her uncle," Jade said. "Yeah I am," Carlisle replied. "Crap," Skylar said. They walked slow as they could as they made their way into the home. They took Skylar into the kitchen. Carlisle helped her into a chair. "Ouch that hurts," Skylar said. "Skylar looks like she's in excruciating pain," her mom replied while freaking out. Carlisle examined Skylar while she was sitting in the chair. "Jade will you get me some clean rags and bowl of water," Carlisle said in a calm voice. Jade did what Carlisle had asked of her. "Here you go," Jade replied. "Is Skylar going to be ok?" her mom asked. "She will be ok she just have a couple of bruised ribs and nothing is broken. Her face is going to be swollen for a while. Skylar is going to be very sore while recovering," Carlisle replied while cleaning the dried blood away. "I'm going to be fine," Skylar said. "Yeah you will be fine its going to be a couple of weeks till you are complety healed," Carlisle replied. "It's going to be painful to move around. Hey Jade thanks for getting me," Skylar said. "No problem what friends are for. I hate to leave you the way you are in now but I have to get home and give Josh and update," Jade replied. "It's fine thanks again. I'll see you later," Skylar said. Skylar watched Jade leave. "Ok what are y'all not telling me. I can tell y'all didn't want to say in front of Jade," Skylar demand. "Well Alice called me earlier. She told me everything she saw what was going to happen to you tonight. She also had another vision of you getting attacked by Peter again but he was a newborn vampire," Jasper replied. "That's not good," Skylar said. Skylar could tell that her parents where concerned about her. For her own safety Skylar made up her own mind that she would be safer with her aunt and uncle. "Can you give me a few minutes with my parents," Skylar said. Carlisle and her cousins left the kitchen. "Mom, dad I think its the best if I move in with Uncle Carlisle and Aunt Esme," Skylar said. "Are you sure," her mom said. "You postive," her dad added in. "Yeah I'm sure cause Peter won't stop till I'm dead," Skylar replied. "It's final you are going to live with them. I'm going to miss you being here," her mom said while crying. "I know me too. I wouldn't leave if my life wasn't in danger," Skylar replid while giving her parents a hug. Just that moment Skylar forgot she was in pain. "Y'all guys can come back in now," Skylar said. Carlisle and her cousins came back in the kitchen with 5 travel bags in tow with them. "Alice saw you coming for a while now," Carlisle said. "Got to love Alice. I'm guessing I'm leaving tonight," Skylar said. "Yeah it would be safer if you did," Emmett replied. "Hey its not going to be forever mom, dad. We can skype, text, facebook, and we can call each other," Skylar said. "I know it won't be the same," her mom replied still crying. "I know it will do for now," Skylar said. They took her stuff to the car and came back in the house. "Before I leave I have to write Jade and Josh a letter. Dad will you get me paper and a pen please," Skylar said. "Ok will be right back," her dad replied. It didn't take him long to get back with paper and a pen. "Here you go," her dad said. They gave her some privacy to write the letter. "Dear Jade and Josh, I hate to tell y'all this but I fear for my life. I'm going to live with my aunt and uncle for awhile. I fear that Peter will come after me again and kill me this time. The distance I get from him the better chance I will survive. Hey don't be sad we will still talk to each other. I promise to call, text, skype, and facebook with y'all. And maybe even y'all can visit me in Forks, Washington when I get settled. I might have to get a new phone and new number cause Peter knows the number. I'm going to miss y'all a lot. See y'all later. Hugs and kisses, Skylar." Skylar folded up the letter. "I'm ready to leave. Mom will you give the letter to Jade," Skylar said. "I will make sure she gets it promise," her mom replied. Jasper held a bag that had her laptop and charger, cellphone, ipod, and a book. Carlisle helped her up from the chair. "Bye mom, dad," Skylar said. "Bye," her mom replied. "Bye honey," her dad replied. Skylar gave her parents a hug before leaving. Carlisle helped her to the car. Carlisle made sure she got in safe and unpainful. Jasper handed her bag. Carlisle and her cousins got into the car. Skylar gave her parents one last look and wave goodbye before they took off to Forks, Washington. Here it is like I promised. Hope that you enjoy my first chapter. Pictures on profile look for the name of this story. Please review if you like too.