really did love Leah. Internally Paul shuttered to think of not having freedom on who to love. Freedom of choice and freedom to be himself were Paul's greatest needs as both a man and a wolf. Rachel shared the need for freedom and told Paul on more than one occasion that it was OK that he's an asshole because he's her asshole. She didn't want him to be anything but himself. From the fabulous wolf bod to the bad temper to the primitive side of his personality that embraced his wolf to his manly funk after a long patrol. She loved the whole man and the whole wolf. Shit, she loved for him to phase in the living room and have a nice long cuddle with the wolf while she brushed his silver fur. Paul loved that Rachel loved his wolf. "As I said before, the imprint and the imprint experience are totally different for each wolf due to the various emotions, needs and desires of both the wolf and the imprint. And example would be the contrast between the incredibly, um . . . lusty drive of Jared and Kim's imprint versus the home centric imprint that you and Emily share." The entire pack, most of the rez, a good portion of the population of Forks and more than a few school children on class trips to First Beach had seen the hormone and PDA driven needs of Jared and Kim's imprint. Rachel had commented to Paul when first witnessing the live porno during a bon fire that she thought she had just been blinded by the money shot. Paul spit beer out of his nose. "The imprint as a test for pack placement is fairly straightforward. Jared is a dominate male and conceivably in the running for Alpha. By not fighting the imprint, despite the fact that he and Kim barely knew each other before the imprint, Jared established himself as a non-Alpha dominate. It would be unlikely that Paul would imprint as a test since he doesn't care about the pack hierarchy so long as he has access to fighting, fucking, and food. My husband is a simple wolf." She kissed Paul's cheek and continued, "A wolf who wouldn't fight the imprint isn't likely to be the true leader." Although Rachel didn't use Sam as an example, the weight of the omission was felt around the kitchen table. Jake was the true Alpha by birth and when Sam didn't fight an imprint on a woman he hadn't seen before, he may have provided unwitting confirmation of Jake's true Alpha status. "This will be the hardest part for you to hear. And imprint can be avoided through marking. When a wolf and his, or her, mate mark each other they are bound in a way that is stronger than an imprint and will prevent the wolf from binding himself to another. Ever. Paul and I marked each other after my two-week 'research exile'. I didn't worry about Paul imprinting on someone but his wolf demanded that he mark me. We marked each other the night I moved in. His wolf is a possessive ass." Rachel took her husband's huge warm hand between her two small cool hands. He smirked. He and his wolf practically preened when she recognized his possession of his wife. Rachel looked Sam in the eye and continued, "Finally, aside from the imprint deciding not to have a romantic relationship with the wolf, an imprint that is sexual and romantic can be broken with a simple ceremony performed by the wolf with the assistance of two fellow wolves. The specifics of the ceremony can be found here." Rachel pulled a paper out of her pocket and slid it over the table surface towards Sam's hands The three old friends sat in silence. Paul and Rachel looked at Sam and Sam looked at the table while wiping his hands through his hair. Observing the Alpha it seemed to Rachel that the wolf in the man had diminished just a little and that Sam looked more purely human than he had looked since his transformation. She'd have to ask Paul when they got home. "One more thing that I have to say to you as your friend. This is an observation and not based on my research. You have to ask yourself what kind of a woman would shit on her family, her best friend and the love of her life by accepting an imprint that would bring the kind of pain that Emily imposed on Harry, Sue, Seth, Leah and you. Emily had the power in the imprint and she chose to disregard what was best for everyone else. She only cared about what she wanted." Sam laid his head on his arms. Paul and Rachel saw his shoulders shake with dry sobs. Paul put his hand on Sam's shoulder and squeezed. Rachel began to cry watching her friend fall apart. All she could hope was for her friend to find the strength to end this heartache by confronting the nature of his imprint and having the courage to choose Leah. Rachel rose from her chair and took her coffee mug into the kitchen. After washing the mug and putting it in the dish drainer she turned around and looked at her phone to read any texts. The door had been delivered to the council offices and was ready to be picked up. "We're going to leave now and let you absorb what I've told you. There's a new front door waiting for you at the council office. Please call us if you need anything." In a quieter voice she couldn't help adding, "We love you Uley." Paul took Rachel's hand and led her from the house. Helping her into the truck, Rachel slumped against the passenger door and closed her eyes. It had been a tough day and it was only beginning. Please review and let me know if you want the story to continue.