blew it. Everyone stopped to turn and look at me. "Hello, I'm the new substitute teacher." I smiled. "What happened to the other one?" someone called. "Oh he got called into his actual job. He's a doctor, huge car crash just on the outside of town it was terrible. Anyway I'm here to teach you and teach you right. Obviously my husband didn't do a good enough job. So be prepared because this isn't going to be easy on you." As I said all of this I walked to the desk, read what the teacher wanted me to teach, set my bag down, taken my coat off and was sitting in the chair behind the desk. Everyone just stared back in awe. "So what have you been doing since you were left here?" "Waiting to get out to lunch." A girl said looking at her watch. "Oh well then go, you need to eat." I shooed them all out of the classroom and sat down again. Then something clicked. Carlisle had said that the kids had decided to ditch – with Bella. And it was lunch time. My husband was so stupid. They obviously went somewhere to lunch. Or at least they better have or I would hunt them down personally and they would be living in hell. Unless you're Edward who is always living in hell because he's such an emo. No offence to my son or anything but he really is a downer which is why I'm glad we have Jasper. At least that way he isn't as doom and gloom. I took my phone out and dialled Emmett's number. He always picked up his phone for me, unlike the rest of the ungrateful, I buy them everything and yet they refuse to take my calls. "Hello mommy," Emmett said. I smiled he was the kind of son I was proud of. "Hey sweetie, just calling to see where you are." "Oh we're at a café with Bella. It was Edward's idea, he got uncomfortable in Carlisle's class and so he just ditched, grabbing everyone on the way. Not that any of us are complaining." "Alright, well that's fine as long as nothing bad has happened." "Nope everything's fine. So mom, is Carlisle gonna send the FBI for us again?" "Hopefully not I was just going to call him after I was sure you lot hadn't gone AWOL." "Well we promise to be back at school on time and so you don't have to worry. And I hope that Carlisle knows we would never just leave you. You guys gave us immortality we can't thank you enough for that." "Aw Em, you're such a suck up! Anyway have fun at lunch and I'll see you when you get back." "Okay mom. Bye," "Bye bye honey." I hung up the phone and sat a while. I knew it was best if I called Carlisle rather than him call me. I remembered the last time this happened. Honey I've hired the FBI, maybe they can find the kids. It still brings me fits of laughter every time. They're vampires I knew they could fend for themselves. Although I was a little worried about Bella going with them but it sounded fine. So I picked up the phone again to call my stupid husband. Carlisle's POV I was losing my mind. I was so close to ringing the FBI again when I got a phone call. "Hey honey, still haven't found the kids and I've been in the forest, the house, around the zoo, anywhere where they might be, I have the wolf pack out looking for them too just, you know, because they are extra help. I haven't heard anything and I called Charlie he said he'd ask around town because he's mad that Bella has run off with Edward and left him. Oh my God Esme what if that did happen? We'd be the worst parents ever!" I said in a rush. "Okay Carlisle please stop. I just wanted to tell you to call off the search parties and don't even think about touching the FBI button on your cell. Just come back to school, the kids are safe and will come back." Esme interrupted me. "How do you know?" "Because I called Emmett and he told me they were at lunch." " Lunch ?" "Yep," " Oh, " She burst out laughing and hung up the phone. Nice one Carlisle. Normally I'm not as uptight about the whereabouts of our kids but there are times when I get over protective. I may not seem like the perfect dad but I am when the time is right. I look around and smile at myself before running back to the school. As I entered through the foyer I saw my children walking down the hall and laughing. Oh thank God they really were safe. As I followed them down the hallway they all suddenly stopped and turned around. Alice walked forward and hugged me and then pulled me down so she could whisper in my ear: "If it's okay with you we're going to go home for the day, we just came back for our stuff. We thought maybe you'd had enough fun for one day and well we want to go home. Also we're sorry we worried you and it won't happen again." "So we're going home?" I repeated. They all nodded and I smiled. "Good because I've had enough of this place!" They all laughed at me as we walked out of the school again. They will be glad to know that I won't be going back to teaching for a VERY long time. Probably not ever. Alice's POV *The Next Day* "NO!" I yelled and my siblings looked at me. We were standing in the parking lot of the school waiting for Bella to come to school when I had yelled. "What is it Alice?" Jasper asked worriedly. "E-Esme...coming...here..." "OH NO!" Everyone yelled. Here we go again...