"Ya I really don't care what we watch." Bella said paying attention to the movie that was starting on the flatscreen. You and I go hard at each other like we're going to war. You and I go rough, we keep throwing things and slamming the door. You and I get so damn dysfunctional, we stopped keeping score. You and I get sick, yeah, I know that we can't do this no more. Yeah, but baby there you go again, there you go again, making me love you. Yeah, I stopped using my head, using my head, let it all go. Got you stuck on my body, on my body, like a tattoo. And now I'm feeling stupid, feeling stupid, crawling back to you. So I cross my heart and I hope to die That I'll only stay with you one more night And I know I said it a million times But I'll only stay with you one more night Try to tell you "no" but my body keeps on telling you "yes". Try to tell you "stop", but your lipstick got me so out of breath. I'll be waking up in the morning, probably hating myself. And I'll be waking up, feeling satisfied but guilty as hell. Yeah, but baby there you go again, there you go again, making me love you. (Making me love you) Yeah, I stopped using my head, using my head, let it all go. (I let it all go) Got you stuck on my body, on my body, like a tattoo. (Like a tattoo, yeah) And now I'm feeling stupid, feeling stupid, crawling back to you. So I cross my heart and I hope to die (Yeah) That I'll only stay with you one more night (Oh) And I know I said it a million times (Yeah) But I'll only stay with you one more night (Yeah) Yeah, baby, give me one more night Yeah, baby, give me one more night (whoa, yeah) Yeah, baby, give me one more night (oh, yeah, yeah) Yeah, but baby there you go again, there you go again making me love you. Yeah, I stopped using my head, using my head, let it all go. Got you stuck on my body, on my body like a tattoo. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah So I cross my heart and I hope to die (Oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh) That I'll only stay with you one more night (Oh oh oh oh oh oh) And I know I said it a million times (Oh, I said it a million times) But I'll only stay with you one more night (Yeah, baby give me one more night) So I cross my heart and I hope to die (yeah, yeah) That I'll only stay with you one more night (yeah, yeah) And I know I said it a million times (yeah, yeah) But I'll only stay with you one more night (yeah, yeah) I don't know, whatever. Bella couldn't believe that they played 'One More Night' by Maroon5 at the winter formal since usually it was a bunch of old songs that no one would even dance to but apparently this winter formal was going to be a much better one. The dance committee must have some new students on it because they've never played any of the songs that are in this time generation. "Bella you look amazing" Jessica Stanley told her with a smile. "Thank you." Bella had been getting compliments all night about her dress which pleased her very much since it took her 5 different shopping trips with Alice to finally find the dress that was perfect. Bella returned to her and Edwards table because her feet were killing her since Alice forced her to wear heels that were 4 inches high. Which Bella did not enjoy wearing. When Bella got back to the table Edward and Jasper was sitting there laughing at something Emmett had said. "What's so funny guys?" Bella asked when she sat down. "Emmett's joke" Jasper said "Can I hear it?" Bella asked "Sure. What's the similarity between penises and fish?" Emmett asked "I don't know what?" Bella said "You throw back the small ones, you keep the medium ones, and you mount the large ones." Emmett replied "So Edward must have a big one since you've definitely mounted him since I heard you guys last night and the parents were in Seattle for dad's conference which was convenient for you two." Bella blushed with the reminder of what happened last night in Edward's bedroom he had told her that his parents were in Seattle for a conference and that the others were out hunting since they were going to be spending quite a bit of time with humans tonight. "Sorry Bella I didn't think he would bring up that last part with you being around." Edward said. "Edward don't worry about it I'm fine it just proves that he didn't have anything better to do than to listen in on our private moment." Bella said, "Emmett at least Edward was able to get some since you obviously aren't or you wouldn't have been listening in on me and Edward. Maybe you and Rosalie should talk about how you both like each other but won't tell each other." Emmett looked down at the mention of Rosalie and how he is in love with her but she doesn't know it. "Hey Edward do you want to dance?" Bella asked "Sure let's go" Edward said When Edward got up from the table he put his hand out for Bella to go out onto the dance floor for the last dance of the night. The last song of the night was 'Little Things' by One Direction. And everyone was out on the dance floor having a great time. "I LOVE YOU BELLA" "AND ME YOU EDWARD" THE END THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR READING. THIS WAS MY FIRST STORY AND I HOPE YOU ENJOYED IT.