I spent with you will never be enough for me. You quickly became so much to me and I need to see you again. There are things that need to be said. But I will never be sorry for what we shared, because it was so right." I sat there stunned. Edward was talking directly to the camera. He was talking to me. My heart was in my throat as I digested what he had said. I was more than a one night stand. He hadn't been able to forget me. I hadn't forgotten him either. Suddenly it was clear. I needed to get to Edward. I needed to get to him now. I packed up my work and threw it in my briefcase. After locking up my office, I ran to my truck and drove as fast as I could to Edward's hotel. I didn't know if he'd be there but I was going to check his room first. I had to know how he felt. When I arrived at his hotel room I briefly wondered if I should be here. But I know I felt something for Edward and it seemed like he felt something for me too. Before I could chicken out, I knocked on the door. It only took a couple seconds for him to answer. The door swung open and there was my cowboy, wearing plaid sleep pants and nothing else. "Bella? Baby?" He stood staring at me as if he wasn't sure I was real. "Hi Edward. Can I come in?" He looked stunned but nodded his head and stepped aside for me to enter. The room was so familiar, like I had never left. It smelled like Edward, his cologne, and soap. Apparently he had just taken a shower. "I can't believe you're really here." He tentatively reached out to touch my cheek but put his hand back by his side. No sir, that will not do. I reached for his hand and pulled him toward the bed to sit down. "Can we talk a bit Edward? I think we have some things that need to be said." He sat down quickly and took my hands in his. "First, congratulations! I saw your interview while I was at work. What you said, about me, about us, it was really sweet." "Bella, why did you leave? God, baby I wanted to wake up with you in my arms. We shared an amazing night and when I woke up, you were gone. There was no note, nothing. Please tell me it meant something to you, because it meant more to me than I can say." He reached up and stroked my cheek and I could feel the energy between us that I felt the first night. "I panicked. I didn't think there was any way we could make something between us work. I started imagining you had a girl in every city. I didn't want to be a one night stand to you Edward. Mostly, I was afraid of what I was feeling for you. I never act the way I acted with you. It's not me. But things with you just felt so.." "Right. They just felt fucking right Bella. Nothing has ever felt so right in my life." And just like that, he was kissing me. I melted into his embrace. Before I knew it, we were lying in bed curled up around each other, Edward gently rubbing lazy circles on my arm while I laid against his chest. "Where have you been Bella? I've asked about you, but nobody would tell me anything. I couldn't make it back to The Hideout to see you because of my schedule. Baby, I felt so fucking lost." "I was working. It's tax season and I've been working every night until midnight at least. Oh hell, I guess I never told you what my real job was huh? I'm a CPA Edward. This is my busiest time of the year. Between that and performing, I haven't had time to do anything." I looked up into his relieved eyes. "I wasn't purposely ignoring you." "Fuck. You don't know how that makes me feel. But baby, I have to ask. Would you be willing to give this, us, a try? I mean, I'm heading home tomorrow morning. I live seven hours away from you. It could be worse you know? I think we could make it work." "I'm willing to give it a try Edward. We can meet in the middle somewhere, one of us can fly to the other. We can see what happens. I know that if I don't give this relationship a good try I'll always wonder why I let my cowboy ride away." "Oh I assure you Miss Bella, this cowboy will never ride away from his brown eyed, sexy as hell cowgirl. Especially now that I have you back. I'm afraid you're stuck with me baby." He winked at me and squeezed me tighter. I wasn't sure where we would end up. Hell, I wasn't even sure we would survive the distance and keep a relationship intact. But what I did know was that this sexy, green eyed, gorgeous cowboy had ridden in and stolen my heart in a matter of one night, and I wasn't about to let him ride away. A/N: Thank you so very much for making The Cowboy Rides Away the 3 rd Place Public Vote Winner in the Deep South Contest! It also won the 2 nd Place Judge's Choice Award, so my heartfelt thanks to the Judges as well. My plan is to turn this into a multi-chapter story. I'm not sure yet when the next chapter will post but hopefully I can establish a timely schedule. Remember to add it to your story alert! Also, many thanks to the incredible Mina Rivera for the beautiful banner she made. There will be a link to the banner on my FF profile. Smooches to all! XOXO - Shannon