to the restaurant was quiet. Music was playing in the background and as hard as I tried, I couldn't think of anything to say. I had about a million questions to ask her, yet at that moment nothing came to mind. I rested a hand on her lower back, guiding her to our table. Everything about her felt right. She smelled nice, too. I wanted nothing more than to run my nose up her neck and...I had to stop myself from thinking like that. I was already feeling like an old dirty pervert just sitting there with her, let alone having all those dirty thoughts running through my head. I concentrated on her; on listening to the things she was sharing with me. Really listening. My mind wandered once in a while, of course. Part of me wondered what her breasts would feel like in my palm, while other parts of me wondered what she would taste like. I was a man, after all. A dirty old man. Thank goodness the questions she asked kept my mind out of the gutter. She was sweet and flirtatious, which meant she was probably interested in me, too. It had been twenty years, but I was still able to read women, and this one was definitely attracted to me, which was good because I wanted her all to myself. When dinner was done and the bill was paid, I led her outside as we walked toward my truck. The sidewalk was empty and I had this nagging feeling at the pit of my stomach that I needed to say something. We were talking and laughing and having a good time. I tickled her and pulled her to me. I just wanted her to stop walking so we could talk, but the way she looked up at me with those big brown eyes did me in. I wanted to kiss her. I told her as much and without hesitation, she met me halfway. Her mouth was warm against mine and I nearly lost it when she groaned into my mouth. I felt her twist the back of my shirt in her hand. She moulded herself against my body, her heat enveloping me completely. I was surrounded by her; her taste, her smell, everything around me was her. She invaded my senses like nothing in my forty years ever had. She pulled her lips away from mine and looked up at me, her eyes full of lust. "Come home with me." I inhaled sharply before her lips were on mine again. I had no time to think. I couldn't concentrate. Everything around me was her. Then it finally sunk in. She was inviting me over to her house. I pulled away from her. "Bella." Her name fell off my lips and then we were kissing again. I pulled her against me and threaded my fingers in her hair. It felt soft against my hand and her body felt right against mine. There was no way I would refuse her. What followed was the two of us running for my truck. I was fuelled with the knowledge that we would be alone. She'd told me we didn't have to do anything. I was glad she was open to taking things slower, although part of me, mainly my dick, felt otherwise. I let her lead us out of the truck and to her front door, but I couldn't keep my hands off of her. I felt this strange, inexplicable pull to her. I couldn't stop kissing her. Her hair, her neck, that little freckle under her ear. She shivered in my arms and I couldn't help pulling her closer. I couldn't remember the last time my kisses had this much effect on someone. Not going to lie, it made me feel desired, something I hadn't felt in years. Once inside her house, I froze. This was real; I was here with her. She said she wanted me and it was obvious by the way my body reacted to her that I wanted her, too. But I was leaving the ball in her court. I was older and wiser, and while I absolutely wanted to give into my lust, no way did I want to carry the guilt of knowing she had any regrets about tonight. I stood there motionless while she unbuttoned my shirt. My hands shook, the need to touch her overwhelmed my senses. Even though she wanted me to touch her, it took me a few moments to let it sink in. I was going to sleep with a woman that was not my wife. Ex-wife, I corrected in my head. I trailed a hand up her arm and cupped her face. "I'm not sure what to do here," I said honestly. She was so sexy, it was nearly impossible for me not to have her naked and bent over the kitchen table that was only a few feet from us. She pulled my palm to her lips, kissing it softly. "Just go with your instinct." Every part of my body perked up, her words igniting something deep within me. I kissed her, pulling her against me, my hands grabbing at the thin cotton dress and trying to pull it over her head. Soon, I was on my knees and had her in only her underwear. She was beautiful; curvy and flawless, and all woman. I kissed the pendant hanging from her belly button, while I willed my dick to slow down. I almost came in my pants as soon as I laid my eyes on her. I didn't want to disappoint her and I was desperate to hear her come undone. I looked up at her while I slipped my thumbs in the elastic waist of her delicate panties. As sweet as she looked in them, I wanted to see all of her without the flimsy material in the way. ….and I think we all know where it goes after this, yeah? THE END