class lately, and completely avoiding me. It was common knowledge to me that in the Cullen household, there was a large problem of spouse avoidance going on, and it was unfortunate that it had struck my husband as well. "Jasper, don't you want to spend some quality time together?" I said, widening my eyes and cocking my head in a way I knew drove him mad. Let it be said that my reserved husband had quite a few kinks, more so than any other in the Cullen residence, and I was not afraid to use them against him- even in public. He huffed again and looked away. "Of course I do, Alice. But I also don't want to be late. So let's get what you need and head for the hills." Huh. Maybe I'm losing my puppy-eyes touch. "Okay, Jazz. Whatever makes you happy." I quickly bought the shirt and a few other garments for my sweet niece and slowly left the mall. Jasper muttered impatiently as I as slow as vampire possible trudged to the car. He opened my door and shut it, and I winced at the force he used on my precious Porsche. "Jasper, calm down. We'll be there in three minutes. I'm psychic, remember?" I said. This comforted him some—imagine that, the psychic also being the calmer, a backwards situation in our dynamic. I confidently pulled out to take him to class, then my smile faded. A snippet of a vision appeared to me, and I hadn't been able to get this vision fast enough. Traffic jam. Bad one. Jasper's leg was anxiously going up and down, and I eyed the clock saying that I had ten minutes to get him to his designation in a soon-to-be ten minute worth traffic jam. With a small sense of dread, I approached the long line of cars in front of me, all halted in progress, and resisted the urge to turn up the music at the overwhelming silence. "Psychic, huh?" He finally snapped out, his southern drawl that usually was like honey and milk sounding like a whip. "Jasper Whitlock, you watch your mouth." I said, tight lipped. He managed to look slightly shame-faced. If this was how he was going to react, he could walk to class. I didn't mean to say that aloud, but I did. Face of stone, he unlocked the door and grabbed his backpack to get out. I was awarded with a glimpse of his face as he opened the door, and tried to convince him to come back inside. That was his determined look. He was going to walk to class. "Jasper Whitlock Cullen, you better get back into this car!" I called, wishing traffic would suddenly disappear so I could prove him wrong and drive past his stubborn ass. I must have been extra good lately, because he turned to get back into the car as traffic suddenly moved, and he went so fast we were there in 4 minutes and 21 seconds. He opened the door to the driver's side for me, closed it, said goodbye and hurried to class. He was early. I'm sure he could feel my anger. I wanted him to. As soon as I got home, I purposely walked into the living room and knew what I was going to find. A group of disgruntled women lounging on couches, and one sleeping girl in her mother's lap. Dropping my bags onto the floor, they stopped talking and turned to get another scoop of 'I-Can't-Believe-Him' ice cream. "Can you believe him?" I asked in outrage, after telling Esme, Rose and Bella everything. Taking their cues, they nodded in solidarity and in agreement of the cruelty of it all. What was wrong with our men these days? Was it because we've been married for so long? Renesmee sleepily opened one eye and started talking. "I read this magazine that said something about how men get interested into hobbies when they find life boring or something." We all went silent as we thought about this. Were we boring? We were vampires, for God's sake! How more interesting can it get? "What the hell do they want? We glitter , dammit!" Rosalie seethed. "I bet Hannah is even more boring than me." I muttered. Bella raised an eyebrow and I saw her resist the urge to smile. "Are you still jealous over her, Al'?" Bella teased, grinning. I stared at her open mouthed from my place on the couch and scoffed. "Jealous? For what? Jasper won't leave me for her. If anything, he needs to be worried about me leaving him." I was only half-kidding. I wouldn't ever leave him, but I was maybe slightly jealous over Hannah. She was his type… all southern, all cutesy-daisy. "We should make them jealous. See how they like that." Rose agreed. Esme shook her head in disagreement, but it was hesitant. "I'm in." Bella said, picking up a the book beside her. "How are we doing this?" "With male attention, of course. Pick a few humans, act like we're somewhat interested, it'll wake the guys up alright. Let them see what they're missing." Rose replied, twirling her hair. "Could work." Esme gave in, which was when I knew that we were in some alternate universe. When Mama Esme agrees to diabolical female group plans, something is off. "At least we have school." Nessie sleepily added. Bingo. And it was then and there that the Cullen women decided on a Wednesday summer afternoon to make their spouses jealous. After all, they were grown men. They could be responsible, and realize the errors of their ways and give the girls attention. Deep down, we knew that frustrated women made a much stronger combatant than bored men, and that we needed a little fun too. I tried to see the outcome of everything, but the future was quiet for once. Well, won't this be fun, I thought with mirth. REVIEWS MAKE ME UPDATE FASTER. JUST FYI.