being there come morning was slim,and even if it was, the youth knew that penance had to be served along with the making of restitution if he was to be forgiven. Even though his father had strictly forbidden him from entering the ale houses and coffee rooms, the lad found himself wandering down the back alleys that led to those houses of ill repute. Ducking into one after another, he searched the crowds of patrons for a familiar face while praying for a miracle. At the Lion's Roar, Carlisle's prayer was finally answered. At a table near the fire sat a distinguished gentlemen sipping ale while engaging in some learned discussion. With his heart beating like a bird's, Carlisle picked his way across the crowded main room towards the warming fire. "Excuse me, sir," his voice squeaked so quietly that it was quickly lost in the noise of the room. Wiping his hands clean on the front of his trousers, he tapped the man on the shoulder. "Sir? Pardon me, please, but I believe this belongs to you." Carlisle began to tremble as he held the walking stick out for the man to take. The gentleman looked surprised to see the ruffian from this afternoon standing at his side, then narrowed his eyes and scowled at the boy. "What trick is this?" "No trick, sir. Please take it. It was never mine to own. You bought it. It belongs to you." Gently, but with a note of disdain for the youngster, the man accepted the item that the boy had relieved him of earlier. "Am I to believe that you think this voids your responsibility for your actions? You expect me to forgive and forget?" Carlisle shook his lowered head. "Speak up, boy," the man growled, causing Carlisle to stiffen as he glanced up at the patron. "No, sir, I do not expect forgiveness, but I wanted you to know that I really am truly sorry for having offended you." Continuing to study the grim child before him, the gentleman felt his anger lessen. "What's your name, boy?" "Carlisle Cullen, sir." "Cullen? The vicar's son?" the man inquired with a raised brow. Swallowing hard, Carlisle nodded. "Yes, sir." "I should think that he would have taught you better. You realize that you have committed a crime that I could have you imprisoned for?" "I know that I have committed a sin and God is not pleased with me." The youth's head fell and his shoulders sagged while a heavy sigh forced the air from his lungs. "That's correct as well." The man cocked his head to the side. "And what do you think we should do with you?" "I have confessed, so now I must atone before I can be forgiven." Every hair on the boy's body stood erect as he struggled to control his trembling. "You must beat me, sir, so that I may learn not to repeat my sinful acts." The man was taken back by Carlisle's declaration. Blinking back his shock, he thought for a moment before shaking his head. "I think a better idea would be to see you home. I wanted to talk to your father about hosting a Christmas mass in my home anyway. You can confess your misdeed to him and he will decide on a fitting punishment." The child's bright blue eyes opened wide with fear. "Please, sir, can't you do it yourself? I promise not to run or make too much of a fuss. You can even beat me with your walking stick if you like. I'm sure that is appropriate." The gentleman looked shocked at the lad's suggestion and shook his head. "No, boy. There will be none of that. This is a matter best left to your father." "But, I don't want him to know. I never meant... It was to be his Christmas gift and now I've ruined everything." With tears flooding his eyes, the youth glanced down at the tavern floor in shame until a light touch beneath his jaw brought his head back up. "You have made a childish error and nothing more. Moreover, you caught that error yourself and have sought me out to try to rectify the damage. Nothing is ruined, lad, but it is plain to see that your spirit is burdened and there is only one cure for that." Placing some coins on the table, the man wished his companion a good night as he stood and put a hand on the boy's shoulder. "Come now, let's get you home." Sniffling and swallowing hard at the lump in his throat, Carlisle shook his head again while keeping his eyes downcast. The man softened his tone as he called the boy's name. "Carlisle, listen to me. Whatever you fear right now, I can promise you that it is worse in the mind than in reality. The sooner we get you home, the sooner your fear can be laid to rest." "Father will be mad. He won't want me anymore." "That shall hardly be the case. Any man would be proud to claim you as a son. A single error in judgment does not define a person. Your Father in heaven forgives us all of our sins. Your earthly father will do the same by you, but just as you must ask for forgiveness from God, so must you ask this of your father. There is a good man slumbering inside the scamp of a boy I see before me, Carlisle Cullen. He just needs time and guidance to come about." Brushing a dirty blond lock out of the youth's face, the gentleman gave him a reassuring smile. "The hour is becoming late and surely your father will have begun to wonder where you are. Let's not keep him worrying any longer." Applying gentle pressure to the child's shoulder, the man turned him towards the door and guided him out into the street where he slowly but steadily began to lead the way home.