modesty. "My name is Michael, and I just stopped by to offer some advice since you appear to need it." "What the... Hey!" Michael stepped past Carlisle, his attention transfixed by the large wooden 'X' that securely held Esme. Tilting his head to the side like a bird, the stranger ran his hand along the heavy angled crossbeam, causing Esme to shuffle as far from him as her chains would allow. "The apostle Andrew inspired this." "Yes." "It's very well made." "Thank you. Now please back away. Your presence is making my wife uncomfortable." Michael looked fully at Esme for the first time, then dipped his head ever so slightly. "My apologies." Backing out of the couple's personal space, he continued to access the situation. "You'll find that these punishing attempts will fail," he commented in a smooth, fluid voice. Carlisle, who had been in the process of unlocking one of his mate's cuffs, stopped and stared at the man with an incredulous expression. "It's true. Punishment should be distasteful, but by your female's reaction to your administrations, your technique was to her liking. By rewarding her bad behavior, you are encouraging future misconduct." Carlisle bowed his head and closed his eyes as he worried the pressure point at the bridge of his nose. "And your chains are too long." The Cullen patriarch's hand dropped while he lifted his head to stare dumbfounded at the interloper. "It's true," the man insisted again. "You've made it too easy for her to move around, thus avoiding the whip. You could, of course, teach her to stand without restraint, as I do my subordinates, but at this time you could do with a review of how restraints function." "Your subordinates?" "Yes. I'm well skilled at keeping order in my ranks. When I must apply the whip, the miscreant is required to stand on their own for as long as they are able. It's a matter of honor that I have instilled in each and every one of them." Esme narrowed her eyes as she glared at the intruder then gave the chain a sharp pull. The heavy timber splintered while the chain's attachment broke free. Closing her robe, the spitfire of a woman turned her glare upon the man and held up her chained wrist for his inspection. Michael had the good taste to look mildly astonished. "I see." "Do you even belong here?" Carlisle finally inquired, his tone losing a bit more of its patented patience. "Pardon?" "Do you? Belong? Here?" "Are you part of Stephenie Meyer's world?" Esme helpfully clarified. "Did she create you?" "Why, no. I was originally created by Peter Schink and Scott Stewart, but now Vaun Wilmott has given me a new lease on life." "Then you need to go back to this Wilmott fellow," Carlisle instructed. "There is no place for you here. Go back to your own world, and I'm sure someone will be with you shortly." "But..." "GO!" Michael was shocked by the blond's aggressively dismissive tone. A slightly hurt expression shone briefly in his eyes before his usual impassive demeanor returned. "Fine. I was just offering my assistance, but since my presence is not desired in this world, I'll leave." Before either vampire could move or speak, massive midnight black feathered wings erupted from the stranger's back. With a single powerful flap, Michael shot up through the air like a arrow, crashed through the roof, and was gone. Carlisle followed his exit, then looked up into the empty sky and sighed. "That's not something you see everyday." "What do you think he was?" Esme inquired as she mentally cringed at the damage done to the house. Well, she had always wanted a skylight. This finally gave her a good excuse to have one installed. "Angel would be my guess. Guardian, I suppose." "I hope he gets back to where he needs to be. It must be terrible getting lost like that," Esme commented as her motherly instincts began to take hold. "Do you think he's okay? Maybe we should have been more understanding." Carlisle wrapped a protective arm around his wife before placing a soft kiss on her forehead. "He'll be fine. How much trouble can an angel get into, after all?" "I wish you hadn't put it that way. I mean, Emmy is an angel and look at all he gets into." Esme snuggled against her mate and sighed softly. "I'll just have to hope for the best." "That's all we can do." The doctor nodded, then caught the end of the chain that still dangled from his wife's wrist and cocked a brow. "I thought I told you not to break this?" "Technically, it was the cross that broke," she replied with a playful batting of her eyes. "Uh huh. You still need to learn to be more careful with your toys, missy." The doctor growled against Esme's neck as he planted a firm swat to her backside, causing her to jump and giggle. Leading her back over towards the cross, he turned her to face the wall and pressed his body hard against hers. "Now you are honor bound to stay where I put you." He snarled in her ear before giving her a sharp nip. "Stay there, girl. We have unfinished business." Esme shuddered as Carlisle's hand trailed down her body and slid between her legs. "Almost, but not quite ready. Let me see if I can correct that." With a light kissed to the hollow behind her ear, Carlisle stepped away to reclaim the discarded floggers. Drawing back the multi-tailed whip, he paused for a second to glance up through the hole in the roof. Doing it wrong, eh, Michael? If I'm doing it wrong, then why does it feel so right? With a flick of his wrist, Carlisle brought the flogger in contact with a quickly dampening part of his mate's anatomy. Esme wiggled and moan, bringing a smile of satisfaction to the doctor's face. Very right, indeed.