Obviously trying to remain serious. "I have to bite you and ingest your blood right as you climax and you have to drink mine." I blanch at the thought. "Like a vampire? I don't know if I can drink blood." "Where did you think the books and films got the idea from." His voice lowers. "Did you know that vampires sparkle like disco balls? It's very entertaining to see." I look at him a little shocked. Vampires? Witches? What next, Bigfoot? He laughs. "Don't be ridiculous. Bigfoot isn't real. Now back to the important stuff. You will be so completely lost to all the sensations going on around you that you won't feel the bite. Trust me." He leans forward and starts to kiss me. "We don't have long before the interfering Angels figure out that they can't find either of us." "What did you do?" "That's why I was a little late. I needed a diversion. Emmett has currently got them on a wild goose chase, but it's only a matter of time before they figure it out." I allow him to take over. I stop overthinking and just let myself go. It's what I want and we both know it. I figured out a few months ago that he is my future and I don't think I can fight it. I don't want to fight it. Lowering me onto my bed, he makes quick work of our clothes. His lips move down my neck and all that can be heard in the dark, quiet room is our combined heavy breaths. His weight on top of me is comforting and when he enters me, I see his wings release behind him. He truly is magnificent . Strong, passionate and handsome. A little dark, but I know I could be happy with him. His mouth will take a bit of getting used to but I feel it will be worth putting up with his humor if I get to spend forever with this amazing man. He suddenly stops moving and looks at me intently. "Should I be offended that you seem to be thinking about something intently instead of enjoying what my body is doing to yours?" He looks slightly amused. I can't stop the blush from making its way up my face. "Sorry." I can't help but giggle at his face and lean up to kiss him. Things quickly get heated between us. He moves with forceful thrusts into me and I soon forget everything but him. That's when the chanting starts. I can't fully hear what he says, but as the pleasure builds all my senses start to become heightened. I can hear everything, see every drop of sweat that appears on his body, feel every touch tenfold. He bites his wrist and places it to my lips, allowing the blood to drip into my open mouth. Then his face is over my collarbone and he bites down hard. There's no pain just pure pleasure. Moments later I hear him groan and everything goes black. I don't know how long I was out, but when I come to, Edward is standing in the middle of my bedroom, completely naked, wings spread and a wide wicked smile painted on his face. "Welcome back, little Blackbird. You're just as stunning as the vision I was shown." He leans forward and touches something besides me and I look down. Black feathers? With a gasp, I jump to my feet completely ignoring Edward's eyes that are currently moving up and down my body. I have wings. I look at Edward. "I have wings." He steps forward and kisses me quickly. "Of course you do. Now how about we go have some fun." He waggles his eyebrows. "Let's go find some angels? I can't wait to see their faces." His laugh is wicked and I can't stop the smile that pulls at my lips. He leans in and kisses me again. "My little Blackbird, so beautiful." I think I'm going to like being his little Blackbird. October 31st 2016 "And the Devil and his Blackbird lived happily ever after." I tuck the covers around my little Abigail and kiss her forehead. She yawns big and snuggles deeper between the covers. "So the Devil did love the woman, Mommy. They are together forever now." "That's right. He loved her and she loved him." I smile. "They are together forever now and he is allowed to walk on earth whenever he wants." This was my daughter's favorite story. Maybe when she's older I will tell her the unedited version but for now, she is content to hear about the beautiful woman and her Devil. "Angela." I turn to see my husband standing in the doorway. I was lucky that he came back to me after years of pushing him away. "Do you want a drink?" He holds the bottle of wine up and I nod. He smiles at our daughter. "Night little princess." "Daddy, I don't wanna be a princess, I wanna be a Blackbird." He rolls his eyes and leaves, not really understanding the importance to the story. I left the magical world behind when I fell in love with Ben. To him, this was just some made up story I used to help our daughter sleep. Abby turns her full puppy dog eyes on me "When I grow up I wanna marry the Devil, mommy." Her voice is firm. I laugh lightly. "He's already taken, sweetie." She pouts but doesn't comment any further. "Happy Halloween, Abigail. Goodnight." I flick the switch, leaving her room in darkness. "Happy Halloween, Mommy. Happy Halloween, little Blackbird and Mr. Devil." Her sleepy reply makes me smile. Happy Halloween Isabella and Edward. Thank you. For her. My little gift. . Thank you in advance for any reviews. I have no idea if I'm going to continue with this story. For now it is complete but I won't rule out writing any further chapters. If it happens it happens.