remark while he began to make his way towards the garage without acknowledging the tiny metallic item in his son's hand. "Everyone, with me, please. We have a bit of work to do before we can leave." "She's clean, Pops. I had just washed her." "We're not cleaning your Jeep, Emmy. We're going to load her up." At the door, the teens stared past their father to take in the sight of the mountain of boxes that lined the far wall. "How did they get here?" Jasper asked as he rubbed his temple. "It took most of the early morning hours, but your mother and I finally found your hideout and brought the loot home. You really shouldn't leave your things in an unsecured location like that." "Why, Papa?" Instead of answering the soldier boy, the elder glanced over his shoulder to catch his pixie's eye. "Alice, princess, I don't know what mid-size country you were providing toys for, but some of these really must be returned. Preferably before my credit card bills out." "Yes, Daddy. I just didn't want us to come up short." "There was no chance of that happening, sweetie." "Papa, I hate to state the obvious, but we will never make it to the hospital today if you are expecting us to separate that out first. Not to mention the stores are closed so we can't return them today. Can't this wait until tomorrow?" "The returns? Yes, but you need to gather up a decent selection to load into the Jeep." Turning around to look upon his children, Carlisle folded his arms over his chest and leaned against the door frame. "Your mother and I have decided to have you visit the children's ward to continue what you started yesterday." The doctor's proclamation was met with an excited squeak from Alice. "Unlike your illegal method, delivering presents to the children at the hospital will offer you the chance to see their excitement first hand. I also suggest that you hook up one or two of those gaming systems in the children's wing waiting area. Maybe the little ones won't be as anxious when they finally get to me if they have something to divert their attention while they wait." "Wow, Pops. Really?" Emmett stared at the older vampire in utter shock. "Really, Em. I told you that the idea was a good one. While I can't condone your hijinks, I know that they came straight from your heart. You, Rose, and your siblings only wanted to make some less fortunate children happy. I'm very proud of you for wanting to make a difference and bring happiness to others, but you have to go about that the right way. The next time you want to contribute to others in some way, talk to me first. Let me help you find the best method to accomplish what you want to do. Okay?" "It's a deal!" Emmett suddenly grabbed Carlisle in a bear hug and lifted him off his feet like a rag doll while giggling madly. After giving his father a good shake and a final squeeze, the muscle bound boy gently placed the elder back down on his feet. Wheezing harshly as he fought to draw air back into his collapsed lungs, Carlisle finally regained enough breath to speak. "Good. Now...please load..toys." He shuddered as he coughed violently to dislodge the healing venom that flooded his chest. "Have to get to work soon." Carlisle just managed to step out of the way before the teens rushed by to tackle the tower of toys with the exuberance of any child at Christmas. Esme gave her husband a worried look while coming up along side of him and gently rubbed his back, but the doctor waved away the attention and coughed again before managing to smile. "You did good, sweetheart," Esme praised as she gently snaked an arm around his waist. "They did good, and they deserve the reward of seeing the happiness that they'll be bringing those children." Esme muttered her agreement before reaching up to kiss her husband and whispered in his ear, "And they would have missed out on that if you hadn't stepped in to show them the way. That's an excellent use of discipline, Doctor Cullen. Your skills are improving nicely." "I should hope so, Mrs. Cullen. I obviously had a superb teacher, after all." Carlisle's eyes glittered while he passionately returned his lover's kiss, before a low snarl from near the Jeep broke the mood. "What the hell, Emmett?" Edward bore a disgusted look as he frantically wiped at his mouth with the back of his hand. "Why did you kiss me?" "Mistletoe, bro." The bruin grinned as he pointed at the ball of greenery dangling from the ceiling. "God's sake. When can we take that crap down?" "Not until the sixth of January, son," Carlisle answered with a grin. "You'll just have to be more careful until the end of Christmas." "And it looks like he hasn't learned his lesson yet since he's still standing under it," Jasper added with a smirk while advancing on his younger brother. "Get back, Jasper! I mean it!" "Or what?" "I'll.. I'll.." The boy snatched a plastic sword from the open window of the Jeep and brandished it boldly. "I'll challenge you to a dual. I will have satisfaction." "Oh, you are so on. Bring it," answered the soldier with a wide grin as he secured his own light saber and swung at his brother moments before a bright purple projectile of paint exploded on the back of his head. "Who did...?" He spun around in time to see his giggling mate drop down behind a box with a paintball gun in her hand. "You are going to pay for that one, hummingbird." Alice squealed as mayhem broke out among the toys, turning the family garage into a playground and creating memories of a Cullen Christmas and an Emmett adventure that the family would never forget.