at all, I would like to think that I would choose to love her. ~E~ Leaving my office, I speak to Mrs. Cope, my receptionist. "I'm off to lunch, Shelly. You can take yours now if you want." She offers me a motherly smile. I appreciate Mrs. Cope; she's discrete doesn't gossip, and doesn't take offense when I'm not particularly friendly. "You got a date, Dr. Cullen?" She leans in and smirks. "No, I'm meeting Emmett for lunch. I should be back in an hour." "You should find yourself a pretty girl, Dr. Cullen." "I found you," I wink at her, feeling ridiculous with the act and turn to leave. "I'll bring you some dessert." "A man after my own heart!" Sending her a fake chuckle I make my way out of the hospital. Entering the small, back alley restaurant I stand back and watch Emmett laugh with the waitress. He's always so happy. Always has been, even when we were children. " It's okay, son." Carlisle is giving me his full attention and I don't like it. " Well,… I kinda, you know feel something, like inside, watching me…" He leans forward, looking at me intently. His eyes alight. "Do you hear voices?" " No,… it's not really a voice… it's something… something different." I look away from him, embarrassed and focus my attention on Emmett playing in the yard. " And this something… it makes you want to kill?" Emmett kicks a ball with a huge smile on his face. I shake my head, "It doesn't really make me. It just makes it seem like a really good idea." " Do you ever want to kill something bigger? Like a human?" I nod. My eyes still watching Emmett. He's always smiling. I don't get it. " And why don't you?" " You and mom would be upset. I don't want to make you mad at me." I look at him. "Are you, pops? Are you mad? I didn't want to disappoint you." "Yo, Edward." I look towards Emmett and make my way over to our usual table, sitting down. I smile and he frowns. "You okay? You just stood there staring." "Just thinking." He nods but says nothing, he's always found me strange but has learned to accept it for the most part. "I already ordered your usual… Hey, do you want to come for dinner this week? I was thinking of asking Alice and Jasper, maybe Mom and Dad." I stared at him. No, that sounds like hell to me. "Sure," I smile at him and I know he can see its fake. "Come on, Ed. It will be good to get us all together." Sure. It would also be good if I could kill your wife, but you don't see me doing that. Do you? "Okay, Emmett," The waitress arrives with our food and Emmett wastes no time digging in. It really is disgusting. He looks down at the table and laughs. I follow his eyes to see a note placed beside my plate. It seems the waitress has left her cell number. Call me… Not likely. I screw the paper up and place it in the middle of the table. "Oh come on, man. She was hot!" He looks at me seriously. "You do know you don't have to marry them… Just hookup. One night of wild, dirty sex. Nothing more. It might do you some good." I don't understand sex. It's not in my nature. I don't have anything against women, but when it comes to the actual act of sex, it just seems so undignified. That's not to say I have never participated in the act. But the four times I did wasn't really anything to write home about. There were no emotions involved and I think I may have actually scared a couple of the women. I had decided to try and be normal while I attended college. Carlisle even thought it might help curb my cravings for blood if I started to use the other appendage men were often so fond of using. It didn't and it just proved to me that I wasn't capable of that kind of emotion. Sex was empty. Meaningless, and overall unfulfilling. I was quite capable of getting myself off, why use someone else to do it. "I'm not interested Emmett." He accepted that answer, just like always. I'm sure he wanted to ask questions. I could see the curiosity burning in his eyes. Eating with Emmett was preferable than eating in the hospital cafeteria. There was no need for small talk or polite conversation, mainly because he didn't stop eating long enough to start a conversation. After lunch, while I was waiting for Mrs. Cope's chocolate cake. Emmett pushed a file towards me, "Everything went okay last night?" I nod, grabbing the file and placing it in my jacket. "Everything went great." As the waitress brings Mrs. Cope's cake, I stand. "I need to get back to work. See you soon." Without waiting for his reply I leave the restaurant and head back to the hospital. Leaving Mrs. Cope's dessert on her desk, I head back to the Emergency Room. ~E~ The rest of the day is filled with minor cuts and ailments; nothing I could sink my teeth into and it sets me on edge. I start to become restless and my mind wanders to the file in my office. The file that no doubt contains my next victim. Looking at my watch I note that I have one hour of my shift left and then I can head home. Picking up the file for my next patient, I walk into room 3, head down as I read the information. "Isabella Swan." Twenty-five years old. Deep laceration to the right arm. I look up and find myself looking into big, brown eyes framed with thick, black lashes. Wow… Thank you for reading and thank you in advance for any reviews. Have a killer day.