lightly over the fabric of my dress and bra, I fall apart clinging to him and bury my face in the crook of his neck. Holy crap... "That was awesome..." Breathless, I pepper kisses over Edward's throat as my labored breathing calms a bit. That was by far... "The best orgasm, ever." My words come out choppy and half assed, but fuck, he's just really that good. I feel him smile against my skin as he removes his hand from my clothed pussy and wraps me in a warm hug. "I'm glad to hear that, but I'm not done with you yet." I clench at the sound of his voice, all raspy and yummy. My lips refuse to leave him though so as he's pressing himself - all of himself - against me, I undo the belt that's sitting over his top and not-so-subtly rub his cock at the same time. Groaning, Edward finds the zipper to my dress and keeps eye contact with me as he slowly, torturously brings it down my back, caressing my skin as he goes. Shivers run through me as the cool air hits my warmed, freshly orgasmed skin and I let him remove the dress, slipping it off as it pools around my feet. I kick off my heels as Edward takes his top off by flinging it over his head. He licks his lips, eyes taking me in, as I squirm and rub my thighs together. The coolness of the air in the room makes my wet, silk underwear feel weird against my bare pussy; I can't wait to take them off. "You're beautiful, you know that?" Edward says reverently, taking my hand in his and leading me to his bed. His. Bed. Where we've sat and watched movies, but not this time. No, this time, he'll be touching me and loving me. Jesus... We start kissing again and I soon find myself on my back, with Edward over me, cradled between my thighs, thrusting and pressing deliciously into me. He unclasps the front of my bra letting my boobs free from the damn thing, and moans as he motorboats my C cups while mumbling, "I've always wanted to do this." I giggle and run my fingers through his hair, which in turn makes him groan more because my tits are like jelly and are moving around his face. "I'm in heaven right here," he groans and kisses my skin and nipples until I'm panting and clawing at his pants. They need to come off and he needs to be inside me, like now. "These...need...off." Kneeling at my command, he doesn't waste any time and slips off my underwear, licking his lips and making me feel like he wants me more than air. Which would be ridiculous 'cause you sort of need air, ya know? Anyway ... We're both naked and he's...yeah, not a candy cane... Licking my lips, I ask, "Is that what was poking me earlier, Santa?" If I'm supposed to be Mrs. Claus... Chuckling, he runs a finger up and down my soaked pussy and replies, "Maybe." It's playful, and really, I have no funny or flirty quips to come back with because he's got a couple of fingers going in and out of me and holy... "Fuck, please, Edward." I reach for him and rub my thumb over his slit, gathering some of the wetness there before giving him a few strokes. He's hard as steel, but soft as silk. I love it. I love everything about him. Each muscle that flexes when he moves and every crease in his face, as I give him pleasure. He leans on his elbow positioned beside my head and kisses me while slowly teasing my opening with his sizable cock. And when he pushes into me, I gasp at the sensation, knowing there'll never be anyone else able to fill me like he does. It's all too much, sensory overload, as he shows me exactly how he feels. He loves me. With every stroke - he loves me. While kissing me and with our lips merely millimetres apart as we move and breathe each other in - he loves me. With every grunt, every kiss, every nibble - he loves me. When he presses his thumb in small circles near where we're joined and makes me come - he loves me. When he finds his own release, he says, "I love you so much, Bella." And grunts; pushing deeper and deeper for a few more thrusts. Breathless, I hold him against me, on top of me and stroke the hair at the base of his neck. "Do you have a date to Rose's wedding?" He kisses my collarbone and rolls off of me, taking me with him, tucking me in the crook of his arm. "I was planning on asking you, but then you asked Santa for a Christmas present, I couldn't disappoint." Running my hand up his chest and around his pecs and nipples, I reply, "Santa certainly didn't disappoint, and I'll definitely go to the wedding with you." "Good, 'cause Rose will kick my ass if I don't bring you." Giggling, I say, "She'd kick my ass too if I brought anyone else." We're quiet for a few moments, just relaxing and I can't help feeling like a weight has been lifted and all is right in the world. "I do love you, you know," Edward declares, breaking the silence. I look up into his eyes and drop a kiss to his cheek. "I know; you did a damn good job showing me. I love you, too. I always have." With a smile on our faces and some loud music blaring from the other room, we manage to fall asleep knowing that whatever happens, he's my Santa, and I'll be his Mrs. Claus. And with candy canes and sugar plums, we're sure to live happily ever after. Well, right after we go to that wedding... But, I digress... THE END