the Peace. "By the powers vested in me by the state of Nevada, I now pronounce you husband and wife," the gentleman announced. "You may kiss the bride." Edward wasted no time closing the distance between us, his mouth hungrily seeking out mine. And now you're married, you idiot! That damn voice screamed, again. I, again, paid her no mind. I'm not sure how he did it, maybe it was part of the package, but there was a limo waiting for us when we exited the chapel. I looked at Edward in surprise, but he just smiled and led me to the limo. Once in, Edward pulled me onto his lap and crashed his lips against mine. The kiss was so raw and full of passion, that we were both pulling away, gasping for air, by the time we returned to the hotel. Edward had me pushed up against the door to our suite, his mouth gently nipping and sucking at mine, as he struggled to get the key-card in. Finally, he managed the door, and his mouth never left mine as he backed me into the suite. He didn't even wait to see if the door closed behind us before he started guiding me to the bedroom. I gasped when I felt the bed hitting the back of my knees, only to be immediately lowered to the bed by Edward. Hovering over me, he rested on his elbow, taking my chin in his right hand while his lips sought mine out again. It didn't take long for the kiss to become heated, and before I knew it, his hand began trailing from my chin down my neck to my breast. I moaned when he began kneading it, occasionally rolling my nipple between his fingers. Suddenly, desperate for more contact, I arched my back and thrust my hips against his groin, inciting a hiss from Edward. He pushed his lower body against mine while his hand made its way up my dress to my breast. I whimpered when he pulled my cup to the side, his thumbing lightly brushing against my nipple. "Baby," he whispered, breaking the fevered kiss. "I've gotta feel you …. Fuck!" I pressed my hips against his rock hard cock again. His lips began grazing down my neck, and before I knew what was happening, he had my dress over my head and discarded on the floor. I whimpered when he began trailing kisses down my chest, his hands wrapping around to unclasp my bra before removing it from my body altogether. Desperate for some skin-on-skin contact, I made quick work of removing his shirt, adding it to the growing pile next to the bed. Bringing his lips back to mine, he lay flush against me, roughly groping my breast in his hand while his extremely hard cock rubbed against my wet core. Breaking the kiss, he got up to remove his jeans and boxers, and then pulled my thong down my legs. He hovered over me again, his chest flush against mine as he positioned himself between my legs, placing opened-mouthed kisses on my lips. He ran his tongue over my lip and I gladly opened for him. Edward quickly deepened the kiss as he slowly pushed into me. I whimpered in his mouth as he pushed forward, stretching me, almost uncomfortably so. "So fucking tight," he grunted, thrusting forward and burying himself completely inside of me. "Fuck!" "Oh … ooh … fuck," I groaned when his lips attached to my neck, gently nipping and sucking, his cock moving slowly in and out of me. "God, baby," he murmured in my ear. "I love you." "I love … oh, Edward … you … oh, God … too!" I turned my face in search of his mouth. "So beautiful," he whispered against my lips, increasing his pace, while my whimpers and moans quickly filled the room around us. When he pulled back to look at me, I hummed. He brought his lips back to mine, and I couldn't help the content sigh that escaped. Edwards pace quickened, and when I started lifting my hips to meet his thrusts, he growled. "Fuck, baby, I'm not going to make it …." "Oohhh," I moaned as he thrust harder, hitting my sweet spot. "Oh … God, Edward!" "Come with me, baby," he whispered, taking my nipple in his mouth. "O-oh … GOD!" I screamed, just as my orgasm shot through me. "Fuck!" Edward grunted, finding his own release just before collapsing to my side. "Come here, wife," he whispered, pulling me into his arms. I snuggled in closer to him and listened as our breathing returned to normal. "Edward?" I whispered into the quiet space surrounding us, my thumb slowly circling the cold metal on my ring finger. "Hmm?" he responded groggily. "You're not going to regret this, are you?" I asked, my eyes never leaving my ring. "Bella," he whispered, lifting my head to look at him. He rubbed my bottom lip with his thumb. "I love you. I have since the first time I saw you in the club … you're my girl, Isabella Marie Cullen ." "I hope so," I responded, though mostly to myself. "Hey," he soothed. "I love you, okay? Only you." I nodded, tears filling my eyes. "I mean it, Bella. I love you, and I refuse to spend any more time away from you then I have to." I let out a long, loud yawn, making Edward chuckle at me. "How about we get a few hours of sleep now? Because I plan to ravish you again in the morning before we face real life." I sighed, snuggling in closer. It didn't take me long to fall asleep wrapped in Edward's— my husband's —arms. I always slept better, when he was with me, and I desperately hoped that the events of the day meant I'd be sleeping a whole lot better each and every night to come. **Author's Note** Please review :)