tears were coming but she would not let him see them. "Bells, I'm going to break up with her, I just can't right now." He said hoping she would listen. "Edward, I don't want to hear it, just leave." Bella hung her head and closed her eyes. She felt his eyes on the back of her head. She felt him get up. She heard the rustle of his clothes as he put them on. Her eyes opened, and she stared at her hands as they held the sheet to her chest. Out of the corner of her eye she saw him pause in the doorway, turning to look at her. "I know you don't believe me, but I do love you Bells," he said before walking out the door. Bella didn't move until she heard the front door open and then close. Then she fell backwards and let the tears come. She lay in bed; her sobs filled the small house, as her heart broke. He loved her; he finally admitted it, so why didn't he see that being together was inevitable. ~Present~ It had been a day. One day since the disastrous meeting at the cafe and nothing. No phone call, no text message, no telegraph or smoke signal. Bella sat in her oversized armchair wrapped in her favorite blanket; she checked her phone periodically out of habit. He always tried calling after a fight. Maybe she had gone to far this time. She knew she had a tendency to freak out but he had always laughed it off before. The previously day had been spent soul searching. She realized that if it came to it, she could survive with Edward being in her life in a non-romantic capacity. It would hurt like hell, but she could do it. What she couldn't do was live without him in her life at all. She needed him in her life. They had been best friends for so long that even the thought of him not being there made her heart clench painfully. Glancing at her phone, she willed it to light up, to signal a text message or a phone call. It sat, the screen remaining black. An hour later, Bella was still staring at her phone, realizing she didn't have a future in mind control or telepathy or whatever it is when you can speak to people through your mind; she picked up the phone preparing to call Edward. Her fingered hovered over the "send" key when there was a knock on the door. Making her way to the door, she peered out the front window noticing the black car. No sooner had she unlocked the door and turned the handle than Edward was barreling through the front door. She opened her mouth to speak but he beat her to it. "Don't say anything. I'm going to talk and dammit, you are going to listen," he said loudly. His back was to her; she shut the door still looking at his heaving shoulders. Edward turned around, a hard, determined look on his face. "You know me, you've always known me. For some reason you have always had this sixth sense when it comes to what I'm thinking or feeling," He said. She noticed his hands where clenched into fists at his side. "I've never had to explain myself to you because you just knew. Whenever I was confused about something you trusted me to make the right decision and if I needed to talk it out, you would listen to me." He paused looking into her eyes. His tone and gaze softened as he continued. "And I know you, I always have. I know that you never do anything halfway, that you wear your heart on your sleeve. If you love something you go all in, you love things with your whole heart. You can be irrational, pig headed and your freak outs piss me off almost all the time. So I give you time and when I call you are fine and we move on. But there's always been this nagging feeling in the back of my mind. This feeling that one day I would piss you off, you would freak out on me and that would be it, you'd be done." He took a deep breath and slowly moved closer to her. "When you walked out that door yesterday, I had this feeling that maybe it had finally happened. Maybe this was the one time you would forget that you knew me, that you were done." Edward moved close enough to bring his hand to her cheek. "I sat there and waited. I wondered if you would ever talk to me again. I left the café, went home and wondered. " Bella looked into his eyes and was surprised to see tears falling from them. "I thought about whom I couldn't live without, you or Tanya. I thought about what my life would be like without her in it. I realized that there are shit tons of girls like her in the world. Then I thought about what my life would be without you and it made me sick. There is only one Bells in the world. There is only one Bells that I love with my entire being. So I told Tanya that it was over, and then I drove over here, hoping that you would listen to me, tell me that I was an asshole and then let me kiss you senseless." He smiled a little as he looked at her. Her mouth hung open as her brain worked to process his confession. Bells. Love. Tanya. Over. Kiss. Senseless. She shut her mouth as she looked up at him. "You were an asshole," She said before smiling through the tears. "And I love you too." She reached her arm out grabbing some of his shirt and pulling him to her. His eyes lit up as he wrapped his arms around her waist. "Now kiss me senseless."