"Alright then." He laughed pressing his lips to my forehead, "We can have a movie evening and snuggle then." "Sounds perfect. I'll see you later." I said pressing my lips to his one last time before unlocking the door and going inside. I kicked my heels off as soon as I walked inside and headed for the kitchen. Once I had all my ingredients ready I threw them into the pan with a splash of white wine. I made sure the pan was on medium heat, gave it a twirl, covered it, and left it to simmer for a bit before I came back. I put my dishes in the dishwasher and headed toward my office. I worked on the plans for the next thirty minutes, occasionally getting up to stir the sauce, and I had up until Christmas done. I put the plans in their assigned places and run up the stairs to change into my jammies. I wasn't joking when I said wear your jammies. I put on my cream leg warmers with my peach shorts and its matching vest top. I brushed my hair into a ponytail, removed my makeup and hurried toward the kitchen to put on the pasta. I had just draped a blanket over the back of the couch when there was a knock at the door. I skipped to the door and threw it open, before throwing myself into Edward's arms. He laughed as he scooped me up into a hug, with my face buried into his neck as his hands ran up and down my back. "Hi." I said pulling back before pressing my lips to his. "Hi baby." He replied against my lips. "Come in." I said tugging him over the threshold. "I like the jammies." He said appreciatively. "Well thank you, dinner shouldn't be long." I said. "That's fine." He said as we got to the kitchen. He settled at the breakfast bar while I mixed the pasta in with the sauce. Once I had it all plated we walked over to the dining room table. "So I was thinking earlier, you know a lot about my family, you've met my sister but I don't know much about yours." He mentioned while we were eating. "Well my parents divorced when I was two. I moved with my mother to Phoenix and my dad stayed in Washington. I went to visit him for two weeks over the summer and either thanksgiving or Christmas every year. When I was fourteen my mother met Phil Dwyer, he was a local mechanic who helped her when her car broke down. They married when I was sixteen and I decided to move back with my dad to give them some space and lived with him until I went to college. I stayed in Washington for college and went to U-dub which was three hours away from Forks where my father still lived. He was the chief of police there, when I was nineteen he was killed on the job. He had responded to a report of a robbery and the guy shot him. The doctors believed he died quickly which is something I guess." Edwards hand grasped mine tightly. "My mother didn't come back for the funeral, we drifted apart after I moved out. She had never really been a mother to me in the first place; she was more of a close friend or big sister as opposed to a mother. I took care of everything for her once I was old enough and it seemed like she adopted an out of sight, out of mind approach to me once I was gone. She recently had another child. Mia is almost 6 months now and I've only seen her a handful of times." "Wow. So you're not close to your mother?" "No we email twice a week and generally they surround Mia but that's it." I said as I cleared our now empty plates away. "I'm sorry about your father." He said as he came up behind me at the sink. His arms wrapped round me and his lips pressed to my shoulder. "Thanks. It's been a long time now and I've dealt with it." I said turning in his arms. He smiled sadly at me before gently kissing me. "Come on. I want to make you watch a chick flick with me." I said pulling away. He groaned and buried his face in my neck making me giggle. "Come on it won't be that bad." I told him, pulling out of his embrace and going to the living room. I grabbed 'A Walk to Remember' and put it in the player before joining Edward on the sofa. He opened his arms to me and we snuggled in the dark room. I grabbed the blanket and covered us before grabbing the ice cream and two spoons from the table handing one to Edward. We ate ice cream for a little while before we decided we had had enough and discarded it to snuggle. We ended up lying on the sofa with my head on Edward's chest under the blanket my hand was on his tummy under his shirt while his was on my back under my vest. I cried at the end and Edward gently swiped the tears away before pressing his lips gently to mine. We ended up making out gently on the sofa for a while before we both started yawning into each other's mouths. "I should go." He said into my neck. "Mmk." I said sleepily. "Come on. I'll help you to bed then I'll go." He laughed standing. He pulled me to my feet and wrapped an arm around my waist and helped me up the stairs. He got me into my bed and under the covers. "Goodnight beautiful. I'll see you tomorrow." He whispered, gently kissing my forehead. I think I mumbled back some form of response and then he was gone. Let me know what you think! :)