smile. "One day millions of people will love your music and you, but no one will love you as much as me." I smiled as she closed her eyes and lifted her head back to face the sky, soaking up the sun. I'm torn and it's tearing me apart I want to go but I don't want to break her heart Like a sword with a double edge blade It's gonna cut deep either way This little town, that big old world Chase my dream and keep the girl I want it all, keep the girl, hey The band played out the rest of the song as I looked where I hoped she was sitting. I needed to see her, I needed her to understand, I just needed her. The crowd went crazy as I waved, smiled and walked off the stage. Hoping that I would have the chance to explain to her. My stomach was in knots as I paced in my dressing room. I had walked past Seth as soon as I left the stage, I heard him call my name but ignored it. My hat lay on the floor where I had thrown it. Sitting down, I dropped my head and tugged relentlessly on my hair as I waited. And waited. I waited for the knock on the door, but it never came. Looking at the clock on the wall I realized that it was time to go to the bus. My heart felt heavy as I picked up my hat and my guitar case before opening the door and stopped dead in my tracks. Bella sat across the hall with her knees pulled to her chest, her eyes red from crying. I didn't move as she got up and crossed her arms. "I sat in my room for days crying, I stared at my phone waiting for you to call. I eventually stopped crying but I still waited. Waiting for you to call and tell me you made a mistake, that you made the wrong choice." She took a deep breath before she continued, her eyes tearing up. "It was a month after you left before I realized that you weren't going to call." "Bella, I…" "No, I'm going to talk," She glared at me, causing me to shut my mouth immediately. "Alice and Jasper had to drag me out of the house and make me start living again. I was so angry with you and it hurt so much, but then I heard your first single on the radio." Pausing, a small smile appeared before she continued. "You were doing it, you were making your dreams come true. I started to accept that maybe I wasn't supposed to be part of your dream. As much as it hurt, I began to let you go. I moved to Indy with Alice and I was starting to let myself be happy." Her eyes filled with tears and I wanted nothing more than to wipe them away. "Then I come here, and you sing that song and I realize that I don't want to let you go. That I want to be part of your dream, I want to be there with you on tour, in the studio, at award shows. I want to be the one waiting for you when you come home. I miss you so much Edward." As the tears fell from her eyes I took the two steps to her and pulled her into my arms. "Bella, I love you." I felt my own tears as I held her tight. "I never stopped loving you and I'm so sorry that it took me this long to realize how wrong I was. Every day I realized that I should have been over the moon with all of it, but I wanted you there. Please forgive me." "I love you too, so much." She looked up at me and smiled. "Besides, you wrote me a song, told thousands of women you were unavailable and sang said song in front of said thousands of women. Face it buddy, you're prime real estate. You're mine. I laughed before kissing her forehead. "I've only ever been yours baby," I said before leaning down to kiss her. "Hey lovebirds, sorry to interrupt but Edward needs to have his ass on the bus 10 minutes ago," Seth yelled from down the hallway, Blackberry in hand. "Seriously Seth?" I shouted back while Bella laughed. "Kiss the girl and get a move on," he said before turning around. "Oh, by the way, the evil little pixie and the blonde surfer dude said to tell you that Esme has you're girl's suitcase and to call when you have time." "What?" Bella said confused. "Looks like you're going on tour with us chica," Seth said with a smile before turning around and walking away. "Huh, guess it's a good thing you forgave me, otherwise that would have been really awkward," I said with a smile. "Guess so, now you heard your manager," she said looking at me with a serious expression. "Kiss the girl." "With pleasure." I said before leaning down and kissing her. Choices. Most of the time you get one chance. You make a choice and it changes your life. The consequences have to play out and you realize that what you chose was wrong. But what's done is done and you have to live with that choice. Choices. There is the chance that you could have that choice in front of you again one day. Once in a great while you are lucky enough to fix your mistake, to sing her a different song, to tell her you love her, to propose at the right time, to tell her that you never even had to chose between her and your dream. Choices. When you get that chance, you have to wait. You have to wait while she makes her choices, to love you back, to say yes and to forgive you. Choices.