Bella really didn't care for Newton at all. "Hi Mike. I'm good. You?" She continued to lean against me. "I'd be better if you'd finally agree to go out with me." Was this guy for real? Now, normally I wouldn't say anything. I'd let Bella handle him. But this time, Cocky Cullen was here and Bella was obviously uncomfortable. That would not do. "Hey Newton, why don't you step back a little. Can't you tell when you're making someone feel uncomfortable?" I put my hand in the crook of Bella's hip and pulled her slightly closer, just to let her know that I had this. "Why don't you mind your business Fat Ass? You don't have any claim on Bella. Hell you probably can't even find your dick under all that nasty shit." Before I could register what he actually said, Bella answered for me. "Fuck you Newton. God, do you have any consideration for anyone but yourself?" "Bella, it's fine. Don't worry about Newton. He knows he's an asshole." I smirked up at him and he rolled his eyes at me. "No Edward, he can't talk to you like that. It's rude." She looked like an angry kitten and I would be lying if I said seeing her come to my defense wasn't a turn on. It totally was. Luckily, Newton got lost. Yeah, what he said bothered me a bit, but after all was said and done, I was the one sitting here beside Bella. That's all that mattered. "I'm gonna run to the bathroom Bella. Did you need another drink or anything?" "No Edward thanks. I'm good." She smiled up at me as I stood to go. Once I got finished doing my business, I was walking back to the table but stopped short when I heard Kate's voice. Apparently she and Bella had gone to the bathroom as well. I didn't mean to eavesdrop but when I heard my name, I couldn't help it. "Bella, I have to know. Are you and Edward sleeping together?" What the fuck? "Kate, it's not like that. Edward is my best friend." "I'm sorry, I just had to ask. I mean, without sounding like a total bitch, he's really cute and all, but Bella, the guy is huge. I wasn't sure how you would be able to, you know, get excited by him being so, I don't know, bulky? Could you even find his dick?" Ouch. "Really Kate? I can't believe you said that. You know, I don't even see Edward's size. What you weigh doesn't define you as a person at all. Weight is just a number on the scale. Edward is my best friend and I love him. He's the sweetest, most caring man I know. And Kate, if I was sleeping with him, I'm sure it would be fucking amazing." Say what now? I heard movement so I quickly ducked back into the bathroom. So Bella thinks it would be amazing to have sex with me huh? Calm down Cullen, I'm sure she was just saying that for Kate's benefit. Wow, Kate really slammed me. Hmmm, that shit kinda hurt to hear though, I can't even lie. As much as I tried to act like Kate's words didn't cut me to the bone, they did. After that I wasn't really in the mood to bowl anymore. I decided to ask Bella if she was ready to leave. "Hey Bella, do you mind if we call it a night? I'm kinda tired." I tried not to let the hurt in my voice come through, but I knew she could tell something was wrong. That fucking traitor, Cocky Cullen, was nowhere to be found. Maybe he was looking for his dick since Kate was sure he'd never find it. "Sure Edward. We can go. Hey, are you ok?" She reached up and touched my cheek. Before I could help myself, I leaned into her touch. "I'm fine sweetie. Let's go." We said goodbye to Kate and Garrett and made our way back to Bella's apartment. I had left my car there earlier in the evening. When we walked in to her living room she turned to face me. "Edward, listen, I'm sorry about Newton. I know he hurt your feelings. Is that what's wrong?" "Nah, Newton's a dick. I'm used to him and Crowley teasing me all the time. In case you haven't noticed Bella, I weigh 305 pounds. I'm kinda gross." "Edward Anthony Cullen, I never want to hear shit like that from you again. Do you hear me?" She put her hands on her hips and cocked a perfectly plucked eyebrow at me. I wanted to fucking kiss her. Badly. "Ok ok, sorry. Calm down there Rocky. Come here, gimme a hug. I need to get home." She came willingly right into my arms and I hugged her tighter than I probably should have. I never wanted to let her go. "Be careful Edward. Text me ok?" "I will. See you soon Bell." I reached up and kissed her gently on the tip of the nose. She giggled and I fell more in love with her. While I drove home I thought back over the last year. God, I was so fucking in love with Bella Swan. I loved that woman with all my heart and soul. Have you ever loved someone so very much and while they make you so happy, you can't fully appreciate it because you know in your heart that you can't have them? It's miserable and amazing at the same time. If Bella's friendship was all I could ever have, then I would take it. At least I'd have her in my life in some capacity. A/N: So there we have our first chapter. Edward is so in love with Bella, but Bella thinks of him as her best friend. Or does she? Ally is up next with Bella's thoughts. Please review and let us know what you think! XOXO Shannon XOXO