"Don't worry, brother, I got your back." Edward glanced at Bella and rubbed his sore wrists. The only thing stopping him from sprinting away from this scene was her. Sure, Jasper would happily fight Mike for her honor but he didn't stand a chance. Although he did deserve a thrashing. Mike pointed at her, grabbed his crotch and said. "Today is your lucky day, honey." "Ew!" She began clicking her heels like she was Dorothy and they were in Oz. No such luck. "I am not a possession for you cavemen to fight over." "My pleasure." Mike said. They all filed outside. Bella watched Edward doing some pre-bar-fight stretches in the cold alley as big, white flakes began falling from the night sky. He danced around on the balls of his feet, his hands up, guarding his symmetrical face. Hopefully his face would stay as God intended. It was a nice face. "Ready?" Mike asked. Edward cleared his throat. "Ready." "Wait!" Alice shouted. "Let me give you each a kiss for luck." She sauntered over toward them in their imaginary boxing ring. Bella pinched her thigh, hoping she'd wake up from this nightmare. Nope. "Stop!" She held her hand up. "In the interest of saving time and the fact that you kissing each fighter for good luck is redundant, I'll kiss Edward." "Okey-dokey." Bella clasped her hands to his cheeks. "Are you insane?" "A little." he admitted. "I am a Cullen, after all." She touched her lips to his in a tender, concise kiss. "Don't lose." Bella wasn't entirely clear on what might happen if he did lose. They weren't living in the middle ages. The guy couldn't actually win her in a fight. Could he? "Don't let me lose." he said. "Hey!" Mike protested. "That's my property." "In your dreams." Bella taunted him. Alice clamped her hand down on the back of Mike's neck. "Ready." She drew her knee up slowly. "Set." She plunged the heel of her spiked boot down hard on his foot. "Go." Mike howled, hopping around on one foot. While he was incapacitated, Edward kicked him in the groin. More howling. Edward raised his arms in victory but Mike must also have had an extremely great pain efficiency, because he threw an upper cut to Edward's jaw, sending him crashing to the ground. Edward shook his head back and forth as the small crowd cheered and jeered. "Stay down!" Bella clamped her bound hands over her mouth to keep from yelling or crying further. Mike motioned for Edward to get off the ground so he could pummel him again. While he waited, he cracked his knuckles. Slowly, Edward staggered to his feet, still hunched over. He threw himself full-force at Mike, taking his opponent by surprise. Off balance for only a second, Mike jabbed him in the eye with his fist. Edward kicked him in the knee, sending him falling into the crowd. Jasper extended a helping hand to Mike, only to clutch his head instead of his hand. Like a bear being hit with a BB pellet, Mike Newton only got angrier. Without thinking, Bella jumped on his back, looping her zip-tied hands around his throat. He twirled her around one direction, and then the other, trying to be rid of her. She dug her spike heels into his thighs. "I give up." he finally said. "She's yours. I don't want her. Edward grabbed Bella around the waist, lifting her off the ape-man. He spun her around before setting her down. She staggered and laughed from dizziness. While he had her at a disadvantage, Edward pulled her close and kissed her hard. Everyone clapped and whistled except Mike, who limped away in defeat. When they broke apart, she asked. "What was that for?" "I won you, right?" She laughed. "You cheated." The crowd broke up, some folks patting him on the back before going back to their Christmas Eve business. Emmett fished his pocketknife out of his pocket and tossed it through the air to Edward, who caught it. "Hey, Bella. You fight like a Cullen." Jasper slung his arm around Alice and followed everyone else back into the bar. Once alone, Edward pointed out. "You helped me cheat." He cut her free. "That's because you didn't stand a chance." He snaked his hand around her waist. "Do I now?" "What?" "Have a chance." Without waiting for an answer, Edward dove in for a kiss. She parted her lips, giving him her answer. With his hands finally free, he kneaded and caressed her form. "Bella?" He said against her lips. "Yes?" She replied breathlessly. "I know my family is crazy and a little bit trailer park, but…" Bella scoffed. "You met my sister, right?" "I'm forever in her debt for having me abducted and forcing me to be held hostage with you in order for us to realize we're good together." Edward grinned. "Will you go out with me sometime?" She bit at her lip. "But that would make my sister right." "That is the downside." He said. Neither Emmett nor Alice would ever let them forget it. It might actually encourage them to abduct others for the sake of matchmaking. She looked into his eyes. "New Year's Eve is right around the corner." "Sounds good but I don't want to wait that long," he admitted. "What did you have in mind?" He pecked at her lips. "Christmas dinner." "We just had Christmas dinner." "That was Christmas Eve dinner. Emmett fries a mean Butterball in boiling oil out in the backyard. Sometimes nothing catches on fire. And if it does, sometimes we put it out before we resort to calling the fire department." "That sounds like fun." She cuddled closer. "It will definitely be hard to forget." Suppressing a smile, she said. "That's what I'm afraid of." THE END I'd really appreciate a comment... or maybe even two ;) Special thanks to Morgan, for coming up with the title of the story. You rock!