she got dressed. "I didn't hear you get up." I ran a hand through the mess on my head. A t-shirt and jean-covered Bella crawled over to me and settled on top of my legs. "That's because you were out like a light, and I didn't want to wake you." She pecked the corner of my mouth and jumped off the bed. "Now, let's go. We have to get you into a Santa suit and see some kids about some gifts." It seemed that Bella had thought of everything, as I noticed the clothes I'd worn yesterday, and had left strewn about the living room, were now neatly folded and sitting on the bed. I stretched and slowly got dressed, looking around Bella's room. In the light of day, I noticed a few items that seemed to have this quirky side of her personality written all over them. None of the furniture matched, but it felt more comfortable than the contrived perfectly matched catalogue I had going on in my own house. An antique frame with a young Bella and an older couple sat on her nightstand and, for some reason, it made me feel almost jealous of the kind of personal relationships she had with her family. "Those are my grandparents." I heard from behind me, a pair of arms wrapping around my middle. "They were wonderful." "I bet they were." I turned and hugged her. "Your whole family sounds wonderful, Bella." "They were." She took my hand in hers, pulling me toward the door. "Now, I'm hungry. Come feed me, Edward." I laughed and followed her throughout the house as she turned off Christmas lights. Before I knew it, we were in her car and headed downtown. "I didn't know you drove," I told her, perplexed. There were still a lot of things I had no idea about, but I wanted to know it all. "My employer provides a driver for his employees to run errands. Who am I to refuse such luxury?" She smirked, side eyeing me. "Duly noted, Miss Swan." I chuckled. I loved the way she pushed my buttons and knew exactly what to say at exactly the right moment. "That's Mrs. Claus to you, sir." We ended up at an IHOP, where we talked about nothing and everything while loading up on enough carbs and sweets to last a lifetime. Once we were done, Bella assured me I didn't need to get changed and drove us to the shelter. "It'll be fine, Edward. You'll make a great Santa," she reassured me once I had the suit on. I wasn't one hundred percent serious about doing it, but I didn't have it in me to tell her that. Instead, I sucked it up and put on the beard. "You look so handsome, Santa. Give me a few minutes and my outfit will match yours." I watched her walk away and adjusted my beard and wig, penning white eyebrow pencil through my bushy eyebrows. My belly was huge and once I looked at the whole package, it wasn't half bad. "My, my, Santa. Wanna come down my chimney later?" Bella asked from behind me. I turned around, my mouth falling open as I took in what she was wearing. "When you said Mrs. Claus, I thought you meant a long skirt and a white bun, not ... this ... holy ho, ho, ho!" I walked over to her and kissed her ruby-red lips. "I believe Santa is a cradle robber." She patted my belly and pulled away. "Let's go give those kids a Christmas, husband of mine." And we did. For the next five hours, we gave away present after present to all the underprivileged kids who dropped into the shelter. I did my best to listen while they told me what they wanted, and tried to watch as much as I could while some of them opened their gifts. The light in their eyes and bright smiles were the best gift I could ever receive. "It's great, isn't it?" Bella asked when we took a little break to drink some coffee and have cookies alongside the other workers. "Thank you for encouraging me to do this today. Charlie had asked, and I wanted to pull out, but actually going through with it … I can't tell you, Bella." Emotions were high, and I smiled, watching the warmth and emotion show on her face. "I know." She leaned her head against my shoulder while we both watched the kids flutter around the room, most playing with their toys while others ate cookies and drank hot chocolate. "Most of them probably won't have anything else. Dad usually plays Santa, you know. He loves this; says it's the best part of his Christmas." My eyes landed on Charlie. His smile was a mile wide while he sat with a little boy and played with the Matchbox cars the boy had just received. "He's great with them; with everyone, actually." "He is," Bella agreed. "We were wondering if you wanted to come have dinner with us tomorrow?" I turned to her. "Are you sure?" "Edward, there's not much I can give you, but I'm pretty sure you got all my heart." She reached up and kissed me chastely. "And I don't plan on waking up alone tomorrow morning, so you may as well come with me." I wanted to. I wanted to be with her all the time. I wanted to wake up next to her and know what cereal she ate for breakfast. I wanted to know what else lurked in her grandma's old house. I wanted to see Bella for everything she was and love her for everything she wasn't. "I never imagined Christmas could feel like this, Bella." I took her face between my palms and pressed my forehead to hers. "I think you had all my heart the moment I laid my eyes on you." I kissed her lips. "Merry Christmas, Mrs. Claus." -THE END-