Bella. "Hello Bella," I said. "Hey Edward," she replied. "Couldn't you sleep either?" I asked. "No, I am so excited that we are going to spend time together," she answered. "I know, me too," I said. "I wanted to ask you something?" "What is it?" I asked. "I know, we hardly know each other, but I was wondering if we could be an item?" she asked. "You mean being boyfriend and girlfriend?" I clarified. "Yes dummy!" she said. "Yeah, I don't see why not," I replied. "Well, I guess I should let you go now so you and me get some sleep. See you tomorrow," she said. "Okay, later," I responded. "Bye, bye," she said. I hung up the phone and I finally was able to sleep. It was nearly midnight. But it was better than falling asleep around 4 or 6 in the morning. It was a good night after all. Bella and I are now I couple. And that made my night even better. The Next Morning In the morning, I woke up at 9:00. I rose from the bed and walked downstairs to the kitchen. when I went into the kitchen, there was a note on the counter for me. It read: Edward, Sorry I couldn't stay later, I didn't want to be late for work, there's some coffee in the coffee maker, and cereal in the pantry. Sorry, we normally don't breakfast at home. Enjoy your morning and we will see you later,Mike I threw the note away and went to get some coffee. I really wasn't hungry for cereal, so I went back to the guest room. I got washed and dress; then I called Bella to see if she wanted to go for breakfast. To my surprise, she agreed with me, so I drank my coffee and walked out of their house. I took their guest car and went to pick Bella up. She had on a black denim mini skirt and red lip stick. That's probably all she owned. We talked on the way to the restaurant. It was nice to get to know her better, since I hardly knew her. She looked beautiful as always. She looked me in the eyes and smiled at me. I gave her my crooked smile in return. I took her hand and kissed it as I drove to the restaurant. She laid her head on my shoulder as I drove to the restaurant. I kissed the top of her forehead. She seemed happy that I said yes, and I was happy, too. I wouldn't have thought that she was interested in me, but I was glad she was. A few minutes later, we arrived at the restaurant; I looked for a space, pulled into that spot and turned off the car. I undid her belt; then I undid my belt, opened the door and got out. I walked over to the passenger side and opened the door for her and helped her out. Then, we took each others hands and walked into the restaurant. We waited to be seated. Once we were at our table the hostess handed us the menus and walked away. I just sat there starring into her eyes for a few minutes, before I even looked at the menu. I pulled my chair over next to her. I wanted to ask if she wanted to take off to the shore, but I was afraid to ask her. "Edward, this something wrong?" she ask. "No, I was going to ask you a question, but I am afraid," I answered. "You can ask me anything, it doesn't matter," she said. "Here goes nothing. I was wondering if you would like to go to the shore with me today?" I asked. "I would love to," she answered. "Is after breakfast fine with you?" I asked. "It's fine with me," she answered. After we had breakfast ,we went back to her friend's house to get her things; then we went back to Mike and Jessica's house to get my bag. Then we were off to the beach, instead of going to Mardi Gras, which was in a few days. Once we were on our way to the shore, my cell phone rang. I didn't even bother answering it .This is going to be an awesome trip! I took her hand and put it up to my mouth and kissed it. I just realized how much I wanted to stay with her. I know she wasn't really sleeping; she was just resting her eyes. I just can't believe she's mine. Once I reached the landmark, I would get to wake her up so she can see the water. She told me that she had never been to the shore. I thought that was strange that she never been to the shore. When we finally got to the shore, I was looking for a parking space to park my car. As soon I found one I just pulled in and turned off the car and undid her belt. I walked over to her side and help her out. Then, we walked to the boardwalk and went to the beach. I thought, this will be a lot more fun than going to Mardi Gras. I took her hand and we walked around the beach for awhile. We spent most of the day on the beach. I didn't want this time to fly, but I knew we had a few more days together. We laid the sheet down and sat down on it until we felt like going to the boardwalk again. When I asked her if she'd like to go back up, she said she just wanted to stay on the beach until the sun set. I liked spending time with her. We stayed until the sunset. We decided to stay overnight. When the time is near for us to go back to our hometowns, I know I will miss her dearly; but I know now that she's mine.