quiet anymore. In the next room I could hear Jake and Alice having sex. They both were loud I started to laugh uncontrollably. I didn't even realize how loud I was being until Victoria woke up. "Sam, why aren't you sleeping?" she asked. "I just couldn't sleep, but, shh listen Jake and Alice are at it," I answered, snickering. We lay there together, not talking, just listening to Jacob and Alice for a moment, then we both started cracking up. The rest of the night neither of us could sleep so we were talking and making out. I just hoped they didn't know that we were awake and making fun of them. Victoria pulled me down to her level so she could kiss me. I pulled away and stared at her beautiful eyes. I could tell her that she was tired and I felt bad for having woken her up. Her lips were moving down to my chest it felt amazing. Then she moved up to my neck and sucked it for a while. We spent most of the night that way, fooling around; we even had sex twice more, and damn if it wasn't even better than the first time. The following morning, Victoria and I were up before everyone so we made breakfast for everyone. Victoria and I both laughed when Jake and Alice entered the kitchen, but they seemed oblivious to us; they were in their own little bubble. Today we were suppose to go swimming but since Victoria and I hadn't slept, we just stayed in the cabin instead. I am so in love with Victoria , and I know she's in love with me too. "Sam, I love you!" "I love you to Victoria." I just looked at her. This was the best time I had, being alone with her. A little later, we got into the shower and I couldn't help myself; I had her naked body in the shower with me. I couldn't keep my hands off of her, but I also didn't have a condom with me considering this was the shower, after all, and I didn't think Alice would have thought to put some in the bathroom. So instead, we gave each other hand jobs. Then we washed. I don't know what gotten into me but I couldn't resist her. It seemed as though she couldn't resist me either. She got out before me so I could finish rinsing off. Then she handed me a towel so I could get dried off and dressed. So after we got dressed and instead of going out with the group we decided to go for a hike and hope to get lost. I know it's not a good think but I was starting to enjoy our time alone. I took the key and we both walked to the front door and out then we were off on our little adventure. She took my hand and we walked. If she gets tired I could carry her. But I know she won't get tired. I pulled her closer to me and wrapped my arm around her and whispered that I love her. She stopped me and planted a passionate kiss. So I wrapped my other arm around her and I planted a deeper kiss on her big red lips. "Sam, you are a nice and sexy man," she said. "And you are the most beautiful woman I've ever seen and I love you," I replied. After our little romantic moment we started to walk again. As we walked up a little further on the hiking trail we took a rest. Nothing happen this time we talked and stared at each other. Which it was fine with me; because it had been so long since I'd been with Emily—or anyone else—frankly, little Sam was a little tired after this weekend. I had never met anyone like Victoria; she is different in every way. I think she would say the same about me. I just love having her near me and touching her face and her hair. As we reached the top of the mountain a little more, we seen Embry and Angela there, they were little making out .We just stood there for a moment before anyone of us said a word. We were laughing. As soon as they heard us laughing they pulled away from each other. "How long have you two been here watching us?" Embry asked. "A really long time," I mocked him, throwing his words from the day before back at him. Angela and Victoria were exchanging glances, much like Embry and I were. We all were cracking up now. I was going to tell them something about last night but it was between Alice and Jake. I know I wouldn't want anyone know what we do in a room together but, like Alice again knew since she seen in standing in Victoria's room. All of us, Angela, Embry, Victoria and me just sat there talking about stuff, all kinds of stuff, none if it particularly important. Embry looked at me and mouthed do you know what's up with Jake and Alice? I just shrugged my shoulders like I don't know. Well, I did know but I didn't want Jake to get embarrassed. Embry had his arms around Angela and she kissed Embry so passionately that I had to look away; I felt like I was intruding. I looked at Victoria and nodded. The only thing I did was touched her leg with my hand as we sat there. She kissed my neck and whispered, I love you baby. I whispered that I love her as well. Before I knew it, it was time to go home. I was disappointed that the weekend was over already, but it had been a good weekend. I didn't regret anything that had happened, quite the opposite, really. I knew that Victoria and I would last, and it just felt good knowing that I wasn't alone anymore