placed in this position. Now that it loomed ahead, Carlisle wasn't sure how to approach it. Enforcing the consequences of breaking the rules was never easy for the soft hearted physician, and each of his fledglings had brought their own challenges which he had to overcome. Edward's sensitivity had been his first challenge. Carlisle had mucked that up, but eventually he figured out how best to handle his first born, and they managed to survive that rocky start. His mate's indiscretions as a newborn were blessedly few. With her history of abuse, the physician constantly worried about touching on some deeply embedded emotional scarring that would spark issues. When she was first adjusting, a stern voice was enough to cause her to tremble, but with gently encouragement over time, Esme had finally over come her fears. Rosalie. Over indulged with material things while being emotionally abandoned by her parents. She had been used and abused from the moment of her birth, until her untimely death. This had caused her to form a protective shield built of harsh words and aloofness to keep others at bay, but Carlisle had seen through her hard shell. It would have been easy to use too much force with his kitten, but he had learned to control his temper when met with her bullishness. By the time Emmett came along, Carlisle imagined himself some sort of pro at rearing teenage vampires, but the size and strength of this boy had concerned him. Happily, the patriarch quickly discovered that even though young Mr. McCarty had been a hell raiser, he proved to be a gentle giant when it came to his family. While he was the most prone to cause trouble, these instances were rarely malicious, and he yielded readily to Carlisle's authority. Each had come with their challenges, but none quite prepared him for his latest additions. Alice's visons seemed to keep her out of trouble, which he was thankful for. With her background a totally mystery, Carlisle felt at a complete loss should he be required to correct her. While he felt sure that time would eventually come, he prayed to be spared it a good while longer. The pixie was a shot of brightness and joy that they all welcomed. He could stand the idea of having to dim her light in anyway. Then there was Jasper. Quite the opposite of his mate. He was prone to isolation and broodiness. He had been created to be a warrior and had survived by becoming harder and colder than those who opposed him. His battle scarred body spoke volumes. The youth had suffered unimaginable pain and inflicted the same and worse on his enemies. Jasper had been treated with brutality since his birth into this world. His creator had teased him with promised of love, but only used him as a means to an end. The fact that the boy was still capable of forming bonds of loyalty and love was a true testament to his character. Trust was hard for Jasper to give, and Carlisle was still struggling to earn it. He couldn't help but notice how the soldier kept a close eye on him whenever they were in the same room. The patriarch felt like Jasper was just waiting for him to 'show his real colors' and become the violent dictator he expected. If for no other reason, this fact only made even the notion of having to physically discipline the soldier seem ludicrous. "I'm sure he had a good reason for breaking the rules," Esme said, dragging him back to the present. The elder raised a brow and shook his head. "For fighting, Esme? I can't imagine there will ever be a good reason. Unless Jasper or Alice were in some sort of immediate danger, a rather unlikely situation, I don't believe a good excuse exists." Carlisle ranked his hand through his hair as he tried to shake off the disappointment and dread that had already begun to lay heavily upon him. He would have to make sure to suppress these feelings to prevent upsetting the boy any more than necessary. "One thing is for sure. Standing here and speculating isn't getting us anywhere. All we're doing is putting off the inevitable," he said as he released a held breath. "Let's go have a chat with our rebel and find out exactly where we stand." The physician had taken a single step towards the hall when his wife's hand closed gently on his arm. "Please try to be patient with him, Carlisle. He's already suffered so much." The blond smiled softly as he placed his hand on top of his mate's and gave it a gentle squeeze. "I plan to be, A Mhuirnín. I always try my best. The last thing I wish to do is to feed Jasper's anxiety at being part of our family, but I have to be fair. I can't allow him to get away with misbehavior that would earn punishment for the rest." "I know, but he's just..." Esme stopped and heaved a sigh. "Your newest baby boy," Carlisle said with a mild chuckle as he pulled her closer and kissed her forehead. "I understand, sweetheart. I don't want to push him away either. I promise to be a patient as I can. If I could, I'd be gentle as well, but I'm not sure that's possible." "I know. I'm just overreacting, but I can't help it." "Of course you can't, a Ghrá mo Chroi. You're his mother, and you will always protect him," the elder replied as he caressed his mate's cheek. "While it puts us at odds on occasion, I would never want you to change in anyway." "Good, Carlisle, because I'm afraid you're stuck with me just as I am." "And I thank God everyday for it." Claiming her lips, he kissed her deeply, allowing their shared passion to eclipse all the negative emotions troubling his soul, and enjoyed a last moment of peace.