me. "You look cute today." I feel heat travel to my cheeks. Dammit. He's smooth. "Oh really?" He cages me in, his long arms on either side of my head. "I want to ask you out, but I don't want you running away." "I wouldn't—" "We both know that's a lie," he interjects. "How do you—?" He leans in, his mouth next to my ear. "The break room is near the back, sweetheart." He takes a step back, dropping his arms. I look up at him, realizing he's probably heard a lot of the conversations that have gone on in that break room, including the one where I told Jessica about my Saturday morning and how I was afraid of pretty boys like him. "Oh." I cross my arms over my chest and look away. "Go out with me. Just once. I promise it'll be painless." I nod. "Okay." He grins widely and backs away. "I'll pick you up Saturday, Bella." . . . Wednesday when we go back to the office, there is a big hole blocked off with two-by-fours and clear plastic, and as promised, the noise level isn't so bad. The hammering has been replaced by drills, but it all feels muffled, whereas the noise before felt like it went straight through me—from my brain to my toes. I catch a glimpse of Edward in our office for the first time since the project has started. He looks good with his fitted jeans and white V-neck T-shirt. Sadly, there is no glitter today, but I smile at the thought of Jessica's euphemism. He's speaking to Dr. Cullen, and the two look like old chums as they chat and share some sort of a joke that has them both laughing. I take my file and resume my task, trying to ignore the fact he's standing right there, looking like sin incarnate. Later, I'm walking down the corridor toward the back break room when a strong hand grips my arm and pulls me into the supply closet. I'm momentarily startled, until I realize the hand is attached to none other than Edward. "What the—?" I look up at him, startled. "This isn't high school." I take a deep breath to steady myself. "And I sure as hell am not a teenager." His smile is worth every bad decision I never made. "Live a little, Bella." I grin slightly, my stomach doing strange things. "I just wanted to say hi." He leans in and fingers a strand of my hair, touching my shoulder in the process. The simple touch causes my entire body to flush and my breathing to falter. "Hi," I whisper, my eyes meeting his. Without warning, he leans in and his lips are on mine. I don't push back and I don't even panic. Instead, I get up on my toes and grab a fistful of his hair to steady myself as I kiss him back. His tongue meets mine with a groan and we're both fueled by whatever this is between us as we kiss passionately in the broom closet of my office. Now normally there would be a little part of me that would tell me to stop; that this is not right; and that I should push him away, but in the moment, that part of me doesn't exist. Edward surrounds me. He smells of sawdust and man; the scent consumes me. His large, calloused hands grab my ass and he lifts me up, pinning me against the closed door. I wrap my legs around him and groan when I feel him between my thighs. My pussy aches as I grind against him and he pushes himself closer to me, his hard length rubbing right where I need it. His lips descend down my throat, burning a delicious path along with his soft bearded cheek. I move my neck to the side and my eyes roll to the back of my head as he kisses my neck, his breath tickling my skin. I'm lost in a war within myself. I need to get out of this closet and go see if Mrs. Miller had gotten dressed after her exam, but then I also need an orgasm and my body is really close to accomplishing only one of those things right about now. "Oh God, I'm so sorry," a voice I barely recognize says, startling me out of my euphoric state. My eyes pop open in time to see a not-so-sorry looking Dr. Brandon staring back at us. "Shit," I mumble and slowly bring my legs down with Edward's help. "I'm so sorry, Dr. Brandon," I apologize, stepping in front of Edward. The last thing I want is for him to get fired over this; I mean, it was his fault, but still. "It was my fault." Edward comes to my defense. Alice smiles. "I'm going to pretend I didn't see this if we double with that curly, blond-haired brother of yours." Edward puts his hand out. "It's a deal." They shake on it, while I stand there stuck like a deer in headlights. "What the heck was that?" I ask Edward, once Dr. Brandon has gone on her merry way. Edward runs his thumb over my bottom lip and smirks. "That was me getting a second date." I scoff. "This was not a date, buddy." "Don't think they're coming with us on Saturday, Bella." I nod. "Got it." "And, can I be honest here?" He eyes me from head to toe again, so I know this is going to be good. "Sure." He licks his lips. "I've always had a thing for Tinkerbell…her and that glitter she uses." I start laughing, looking down at my scrubs, and smack his arm. "I can't believe you heard that." "Paper thin walls, Bella." He winks. I open the door to the closet. "I guess I'll see you Saturday, then." He leans in and kisses my cheek. "Not if I see you first." . . . THE END...maybe.