town and it sucks that everyone thinks I'm made of glass now. I have lived that way for eleven years. As sad as it sounds, I kinda got used to it." Thing was, if she was made of glass she would have shattered by now. She didn't like being treated like a leper. She wanted to be respected and treated like everyone else. "Yeah, you know, I kinda know how you feel." Hearing this caused Eva to put her bowl of ice cream down in worry. What? Was Bella going through the same thing she was? Surely Charlie wouldn't… "You do?" "Yeah, I've been pretty depressed lately myself. It's a long complicated story but…basically I found the man I was meant to be with and now he's gone. I haven't been able to pick myself up since then." Eva could only gap at her. Well…not what she was expecting to say the least. It was good in a way, she didn't want Bella to be abused like she was but it seemed rather odd to compare her suffering to hers. Unless… "God, I am so sorry, Bella. How did he die?" "Not dead. He and his family moved away and I have no way of contacting him." Okay…still seemed a little off but she supposed she didn't know what Bella was going through. She had only had one or two boyfriends in high school and she had always ended up dumping them in case they got too close. That and well, black and blue skin wasn't exactly common so it's not like she could ever have been intimate with any of them, even if she wanted. No, they deserved to be with someone unlike her. Someone they could do all that fun dating stuff with. "Sorry to hear that. I've never been in love, honestly." "You're lucky. I wouldn't wish this kind of heartache on anyone." Okay…she did know that she had just lost her mother a couple of months ago, right? She knew about all the bullshit she had been through. Yet she still acted as though she was the one that was suffering the most. It seemed a little self-absorbed to Eva, but she let it go. This was what she wanted, really. Not to have someone fixate on her past. Though the word lucky kept echoing in her mind and it made her a little angry. In what world was she lucky? "I'm sure it's his loss anyway. Charlie mentioned some Jacob guy, are you seeing him now?" "No, he's just a friend but he makes me happy." "Cool. Um, think I could meet him? I don't really know anyone here aside from you and Charlie." "I think it's probably best if you didn't get to know him. He and his family are kinda picky about who comes around." "Oh okay…" Well, so much for that. Picky about who comes around, what was that supposed to mean? Bella sure wasn't anything like she remembered. "Well, aside from your ex-boyfriend, how have you been? I haven't gotten to spend time with you in ages." "I can't really remember anything before knowing him. Moved to Forks after mom started dating a baseball star then I met him. That's about it." "Oh, I'm sure there is something we can talk about. Let's see, well, I have really taken to painting, I can show you some of my pieces if you want. They aren't the best but I think you may like a few. Do you have any hobbies?" "I think I'm just going to go to bed, Eva. I have to meet Jacob in the morning." She got up from her spot and lazily walked towards her room. "Goodnight." Eva called to her only to be meant with silence again. She tried to contain her disappointment but she ended up sighing nonetheless. She fished out the chocolate covered almonds out of her ice cream and chewed on them dejectedly. She just wanted someone to talk to and to keep her mind busy. Guess Bella had too much going on to give her much attention, which was fine. She knew she was intruding on the Swans' lives and she didn't expect anyone to drop what they were doing to attend to her. Just some company would've been nice. Eva stared down at her right forearm and read the permanent reminder etched there in black and red ink. A tattoo she had gotten herself on her eighteenth birthday. It was a line from A Midsummer Night's Dream that stated 'Take Pains' and underneath it followed with 'Be Perfect'. Placed by the black words was a small red rose. For no particular reason, she just loved roses. She always imagined she would faint if some man bought her a bouquet of roses like they did in the movies. Like her father had always brought her mother roses but would always be sure to give Eva a single rose from the bunch so she wouldn't feel left out. It may seem common to have roses as her favorite flower but how seeing them always made her smile. With another sigh, Eva lied back on the couch and continued to flip through the channels. Loneliness again being her only company. Just as she was about to drift to sleep she sent up one more prayer. This time she asked only to lose this lonely feeling and above all she wanted to feel wanted. To feel loved without the price of pain to accompany it. Psh, well…maybe only in the movies. Curlykisses: So that's it for this chapter. I suppose now you see what dark and depressing themes I meant and how coldly Bella has taken to treating Eva. So there is more to come but only if any of you lovely readers are interested in seeing the rest. Be sure to leave me a review with your thoughts. Seeing a positive response will probably make me write faster. Anyway, thanks for reading! Bye for now!