brother was a Seattle Mariner. He was awesome too. Except when he tried to ass bump me while I wore a floppy hat with a hot pink flower on it and pink gardening gloves. Fuck. Thank God CNWD didn't see that. At least, I don't think she did. "Yo Princess Edwina, I'm outta here man. Take care yo." "Peace my brutha from the same mutha." I raised my hand to fist bump him but missed and inadvertently junk punched him. I couldn't hold in the snort of laughter that flew out of me just as he opened the door to leave. My eyes went wide when I noticed the tall blonde beauty that lived next door with CNWD standing at my front door. "God dammit Edwina! You just had to get your hands on my junk? Shit! That's a tender place down there man. Fuck!" The giggle that came from behind him caused him to spin around all the while still cupping his dick in hand. "Ladies, hello. I'm Emmett Cullen." The dumb ass held out his hand and when Blondie took it, he pulled her roughly to him and planted a large kiss right on her fucking mouth. Bella stood there, eyes wide looking between them and me. Because I'm a total dork and completely drunk, I chose that precise moment to speak. "Excuse him ladies. He's horny all the time. Nothing satisfies him. Nothing I can do about it." I shrugged. You know the uncomfortable silence that usually follows a very inappropriate conversation? Some people liken it to hearing crickets in an open field. Yeah. That's what happened as soon as I spoke. Em and Blondie stopped kissing. Bella stared at me like I had three nipples, and even Cupcake, who had been sitting on my lap while I tried to tie one of Alice's stupid bows in her hair, got up and went to her kennel. Yeah. I felt like now was a good time to go throw up. So I did. Over the next month, Emmett and Blondie, um, Rosalie, began seeing a lot of each other. Apparently when Em kissed her that first time, she fell in love. Because they were seeing each other, Bella and I got to spend a lot of time together as well. I absolutely loved being friends with Bella. She was fun and energetic and I loved her laugh. I was also totally, one hundred percent in love with her. The only problem was she didn't seem to want anything romantic with me. It was like we were best friends. She would ask my opinion on clothes, shoes, and girl stuff. I was fucking confused. Did I look like a girl? True, my car was beyond salvageable so I had ordered a new Volvo SUV. Some of the options I wanted were taking a bit to get installed so I was STILL driving Pink Hell. But things with Bella hadn't progressed how I wanted them to. Not even going to lie, it depressed the fuck out of me. On the upside, we got a new neighbor. Jasper Whitlock had moved in on the other side of me. He was Probate Attorney that worked from home most days and he was totally cool. He played in a band called Southern Comfort on the weekends and had invited Em and I along with the girls to come watch the show tonight. He complained about Cupcake barking all day long, just like Bella did. I think they are both nuts because she barely barks, but whatever. I had just stepped out of the shower and wrapped a towel around my waist when I heard Bella come into my townhouse. She often came right in and I did the same to her. "Edward? Where are you Hotcakes?" Dammit I loved it when she called me that. Grabbing another towel and running it through my hair, I stepped out of my bedroom. Bella was bending over the coffee table looking at something. "Hey Sweetcheeks. I was in the shower." She turned around and gasped when she saw me, the air leaving her lungs in a whoosh. I know I saw her eye me up and down and I could have sworn I heard her mumble something sounding like 'what a fucking waste'. The fuck? "Oh. Um…..yeah, I…um….I see that. Sorry. I really shouldn't just barge in here." I wondered why she was so nervous. Glancing behind her I noticed what she was looking at on the coffee table. Walking over very quickly, I grabbed up the laundry basket I had left sitting there. Somehow, one of Alice's fucking RED THONGS had ended up in my laundry and I washed it with all my WHITE socks and shirts. They were now pink. "Let me put this shit away and get dressed. Make yourself at home." I slammed my bedroom door and tossed the pink laundry on my bed. Before I could even get dressed, I heard Bella at my door. "Edward, I'm just gonna head back to my place and get dressed there. Come on over when you get ready. Maybe you can give me some ideas on what I should do with my hair." Her hair? How the fuck would I know what she should do with her hair? I certainly know what I'D like to do with her hair. I'd wrap that shit around my wrist and tug on it while I pounded that sweet pussy from behind. Somehow, I got the sickening feeling that I was missing something very important. What I did know though, was that Bella Swan wanted nothing romantic to do with me and THAT broke my heart. A/N: So…..I hope you got the giggles from this first chapter! I know I did while writing it! This Collaboration won't be nearly as long as our others. It will only be a few chapters, not exactly sure how many, but we hope you'll enjoy it! So….who thinks Edward is clueless? **snicker**