man ask. I stepped inside and my world stopped. A semi-long haired blonde god sat in the white armchair. His muscles were clearly visible throughout his white long sleeved tee. Scars littered he skin that was visible. Lastly I looked at his eyes. His eyes were golden honey. And the way he looked at me made me feel like I was loved. He got up slowly, and walked towards me. Slowly, never breaking contact, he picked up my hand, and kissed the top. "And Who Do I Have The Pleasure Of Meeting?" he asked, with his dang southern twang. "Isabella..and yourself?" I said slightly breathless. "Isabella?...do you have a last name?...and Jasper Whitlock Mam' at your service" he smirked at me and my knees almost buckled. "No last name. It's a pleasure to meet such a fine gentleman" I beamed at him. Emmett coughed loudly. And I hid behind my hair. I peaked at jasper and he looked slightly embarrassed too.. "Introductions maybe?" The pixie girl asked smiling at me. Jasper led me to the couch, and even though there was a spare seat next to him, he insisted I sat on his lap. Which, I did. And enjoyed.. ohmygod what am I saying!. I internally facepalmed and the bronze guy chuckled. I glared at him. "Isabella. This is my wife Esme, my daughter Alice, My son Edward, My daughter Rosalie, Of course you know Emmett, and my son jasper…" Carlisle told me. I nodded shyly at them all. "do you mind if I ask you how you came into this life?"Carlisle asked me. I tensed up, and I bet I looked panicked. "Ill tell you" Emmett told them. I listened to my own death. Emmett explained about us running away, the gun, the bullet… "what happened after I lost consciousness?" I asked him as tears welled up into my eyes. "I screamed. I cried. I cursed at god…a bear soon came strolling along. A very hungry bear. It tried to attack you, it smelt the blood but I fended it off with my penknife. But it ripped me right open. And I bled next to you. Holding your hand. Rosalie found me…she couldn't find you in all the undergrowth..she took me here" he told me smiling slightly. "you have been here 208 years?" I whispered. He nodded. "Im glad." I told him smiling. "where have you been these 208 years?..out raving sis?" Emmett boomed. "I woke up. My creator…demetri…tried to make me love him. I ripped him apart. The volturri was on my case in the first year. I mostly hid in texas. They were scared to go there…I met peter. He taught me of my shield gift, and the athletic one..i left, got in some trouble with maria" jasper growled loudly "these three people, james, Victoria, and Laurent got on my case. I mostly hid. I haven't hunted in over 100 years. I hid in my bubble. Lonely. But secure" jasper patted my knee soothingly. "you don't hunt?" Carlisle sounded shocked. "no. cant stand the killing. Human or animal.." "That usually causes the vampire mind to go into a frenzy… a very emotional vampire…you should hunt" "I am fine. I get these times…triggers of my past…that set me off." "I should be taking my leave" I added standing up "It was nice to catch up with you Emmett, and nice to meet you all" I told them, heading towards the front door. "Stay, please?" Jasper asked grabbing my hand. "I don't want to intrude. Seriously. Ill be fine" I smiled slightly at him. "Izzy. Please. I have just found you again. I cant loose you" Emmett told me from the other side of me. "Yes dear, there is a spare master bedroom upstairs that is free. You are welcome to stay for as long as you like.." esme told me smiling. "or even join our coven?" Carlisle finished. They all smiled at me. Even Edward. "trust me. Im bad news. Im weird. Trust me. Im a danger to your coven" I warned them. "don't care, your staying" jasper told me hugging me "welcome to the family". "WELOME TO THE FAMILY IZZY!" Emmett cried hugging me and spinning me around. "Welcome Isabella" Esme told me hugging me gently. Carlisle hugged me firmly but gently. Alice launched herself at me and I accidently put my shield up. "Im sorry!" I garbled at her as I helped her up. "ill do anything to make it up to you!" "anything?" she beamed at me "anything!" I told her. "SHOPPING TRIPP! " Alice screamed. Rosalie sighed. "well shit, shes going to be even more annoying than ever. Nice to have a semi-normal sister in the fmily though" she smiled and hugged me. Edward came forward and squeezed me gently "im sorry for tackling you" he told me I nodded. "I can beat your ass at combat. Just remember that" I smirked at him. "bet you couldn't beat jasper!" Edward hooted. I raised an eyebrow at jasper and he smirked. "I was a major in the civil war mam'. You will learn my story later. " "I have spent 208 years learning about reflexes, learning from the best masters in the world, and my gift is combat flexibility…I win" I told him smiling before running up into my new room. "ITS BEAUTIFUL" I told esme. "But…do you have any spare nails, spare wood, a saw, a drill, and some white paint?" I smiled at her. Turns out she has a whole working shed. I quicly ot to work and placed them in my bedroom. "Overhangs?" Carlisle said unsure. "Yeah…I prefer to be up in the air…nice training to…watch!" I told them as I swiftly climbed the wall, and twisted into the overhang hook. I peaked at them down below. "I think I like you cullens". The end for now!:) this took me hours! Im so sorry I haven't been on this a lot but it will change I swear! Love you all my fanfictionFans!3