that spot she'd had me touch earlier. "There's a heart? That wasn't there last time... When did you?" "Look closely, Edward." Bella sinks further back and opens her thighs wider, and fuck do I ever love the view before me. Licking my lips, I let my fingers travel to the little black outlined heart and really look at it. Upon closer inspection, it's not a complete heart, but more like a bunch of squiggly, abstract lines making up what looks like a heart. Inside I can clearly make out an E and a B, and somehow in between, the infinity symbol is woven through there to complete it. "It's beautiful," I whisper, pressing a soft kiss to the small, intricate design. "You like it?" Bella asks, biting her bottom lip coyly. "Fuck yeah, I like it." I grin and kiss her lips. "I fucking love it, baby." "This is what you have on your back. I'm not big on tattooing names on people, but this isn't like that. It's unique and special, like us." "Yes, it is. This is fucking better than that because you created it, Bella." I wrap my arms around her and pull her to the edge of the table where she wraps her thighs around my hips, rubbing herself against what is now a full blown erection. Pshh, like my face could be that close to her pussy without me growing hard as a rock for her. "I've got to give you credit though, nice move there, Swan, making me this hard for you without even touching me." She giggles. "I wasn't even trying, honest." "Yeah right." I swivel my hips against her, earning a soft moan from her lips. "You knew what you were doing, dirty girl." "Mmmhmm," she hums and kisses my throat. "I love having your face there, what can I say?" "I guess I'll have to do that more often, then." I slide my hand down her side, enjoying the feel of her soft skin under my palm, and graze the side of her breast before sliding it down the front of her now damp panties. "Hmm, always so wet for me." I kiss her shoulder and grip her hip, roughly pulling her against me. "Jesus, Edward, I can't... I want you inside me." Her hands make quick work of releasing me from my jeans while I finger her slit. My other hand is busy pulling down the cups of her bra while my mouth finds her rosy nipples straining for attention. It's going to be quick, but good. Fuck, it's always so fucking good. Her body reacts to whatever I do to her in a way that makes me ache to have her all the fucking time. Moving her panties to the side, I slide two fingers inside her tight heat and revel in the feel of her around me. With my thumb working over her clit, it doesn't take long before my name falls from her parted lips as her entire body shudders in pleasure. Her hand stills on my cock as she scoots herself closer to the edge of the bed so that I can align myself with her opening. "I love you, Edward. Infinity." She grins and adjusts herself to make this easier as I grab two handfuls of her asscheeks, hoisting her closer to me before sheathing myself inside her. My head falls back as I lose myself in the feel of being inside her. "You feel so good, baby," I grunt, pulling out of her slightly before slamming back in. Bella moans and lets her head fall to the side as she holds herself, palms down on the table on each side of her body as I slam into her repeatedly. I watch her face contort and her eyes roll back as her tits bounce up and down with every movement. It's fast and raw. Squeaking and scratching noises permeate the room from the table hitting the wall and the locked wheels underneath rubbing over the linoleum. It serves to muffle our own sounds of decadent pleasure as Bella sneaks a hand down the front of her ruined panties and rubs herself while I move in and out of her. The view before me is something straight out of some cheesy porno, and before I know it my balls are tingly and my dick feels like it's going to burst. "Are you close, baby?" I need her there, and as I quicken my movements, my fingers dig into her hips with every erratic thrust. "Yeah...yeah...oh... Shit..." Bella's incoherent rambling as her second orgasm flows through her is enough for me as I thrust into her a few more times, finding my own release. "Christ woman..." Deep breath. "Every time..." Another deep breath. "So amazing..." She kisses my chest, over my heart and nuzzles my neck. "Ditto." We're quiet as I hold her in my arms. "Marry me, Bella." "Edward, I—" "Seriously, this isn't a post-coital thing." I pull back from our embrace and look at her as my hands cup her beautiful face. "Marry me. I love you. I have from the day I walked in here. You've marked me in every way possible and I don't think anyone else could hold a candle to you. Marry me because I love you more than anything." I search her eyes and kiss her softly, whispering, "Infinity." She smiles, big and bright as it reaches her eyes. "Infinity. I like that. Yes...I'll marry you. On one condition..." "Which is?" I cock an eyebrow. She absently plays with the tendrils of hair at the nape of my neck, then grins and looks deep into my eyes. "That we get to be like this every time you get inked up." "Oh baby, you didn't even have to ask." I kiss her soundly, conveying every feeling I have for her through my kiss. "It's always been like this for me." She's it for me, this crazy girl. Forever. ... THE END