arm and turned her to face me. "Bella, a year ago you walked into my life right here in this spot. I was completely and utterly taken with you." Even though I know you thought I was a stalker since I couldn't stop staring at you. "Edward, I told you that night I didn't think you were a stalker. I never thought that." She giggles and runs her hand along my jaw and I know that once again, I have spoken out loud. Oh yeah Cullen, you are a smooth motherfucker for sure . "You are pretty damn smooth, I'll give you that." Fuck if I don't get a grip on this fucking lack of filter shit I'm gonna ruin everything. "See what you do to me Sweetheart? You make me a complete babbling idiot. But Bella, the truth is I can't imagine my life without you." I dropped to one knee and reached inside my jacket to pull out the ring. Bella gasped and her hand flew to her mouth. "Oh God, Edward what are you doing?" Her eyes were filling with tears. "Isabella Marie Swan, you are my light through the darkness, my sunshine after the rain, and the other half of my soul. Will you do me the extraordinary honor of being my wife?" "Yes Edward Anthony Cullen! YES!" END OF FLASHBACK "We've definitely lived a beautiful life together baby. You are my whole life." I glanced down at Bella and she was smiling back up at me. Being married to her for the past twenty five years had given me many things. The two best things she ever gave me were our twins, Masen and Madison. Seeing Bella pregnant with my children was one of the most precious experiences of my existence so far. "Do you ever wish we would have had more children Edward?" I smiled because just like always, she knows exactly what I'm thinking before I even say it. "No Sweetness, the twins were plenty." I chuckle. "I think we always knew two was going to be our limit, I just know we didn't anticipate taking care of it all at one time." She hit my arm playfully and laid her head on my chest. "That's true. I can still see your face when the ultrasound showed Masen hiding behind Maddy." FLASHBACK "Ok Mrs. Cullen, let me have you pull up your shirt a bit and pull down the waistband of your pants a little." We were so excited. Today was the day we were going to find out if we were having a boy or a girl. I squeezed Bella's hand, perhaps a little too hard. "Uh, Edward?" "Yeah baby?" "I'm gonna need that hand one day, so can you ease up there just a tad?" She raised her eyebrows at me and I realized I did indeed have a death grip on her hand. "I'm sorry baby girl. I guess I'm nervous after all." I gave her my best pout. The technician dimmed the lights in the room and the ultrasound screen came to life. "Ok let's see what we have here." She clicked the mouse several times and punched in a few things on the keyboard. Suddenly all movement stopped and she looked at us with surprised eyes. Immediately we both were terrified. "What's wrong?" Bella's voice was weak and raspy. "Oh, I'm sorry folks. It's nothing bad. I just…..hang on just a second here." She takes another look at the screen. "Ok, yes. Well, Mr. and Mrs. Cullen it appears we have a surprise. It looks like you are having twins. See this right here? If I could get Baby A to move just a tad to the right….THERE! See, here's Baby B" Now, you know that moment when you think you heard something someone said, but you aren't quite sure you REALLY heard what they said? In complete shock, Bella and I stared at each other, our mouths gaping open. Somehow I recovered my brain function first. "Would you mind repeating that please? I need to make sure I heard you correctly before I faint." I was holding on to the table Bella was lying on for support, you know, just in case. "Don't go falling out on us Mr. Cullen, but I said you are having twins. Do you want to know the sex of the babies?" Bella's eyes are so wide and surprised I am amazed that she speaks. "Yes, please. We'd like to know." She blindly nods her head. "Well, it looks like Baby A is a girl and Baby B is a boy." The technician smiled at us and printed pictures for us to take home. END OF FLASHBACK As the song ended I dipped Bella and kissed her throat a few times before I brought her back up and spun her around. The applause were deafening as we walked off the dance floor and back to our table. "Sweetheart, thank you for giving me the best years of my life so far. God willing, we have so many more to look forward to. You know, looking back at everything, each milestone, I thought I loved you more than I ever could or would. I was so wrong Isabella." "Edward, on our wedding day, I remember in our vows the part that made me the most emotional was when you told me you loved me to the ends of the earth and a little past forever." I had to chuckle out loud. Shaking my head, I took her face in my hands and brought her lips to mine for a chaste kiss. When my lips left hers, I looked into her eyes and admitted what I always knew. "And I thought I loved you then." A/N: Thanks to everyone who read and reviewed this in the Lyrics to Life Contest. It wasn't a winning entry, but I feel honored to have been able to participate in the contest with so many wonderfully talented writers!