man doesn't stop. He rages on, propelling us toward the water bank. Is he going to drown me? I flinch when he suddenly leaps, carrying us over the huge length of the water effortlessly, like it's the most natural thing in the world. "Oh fuck ," I moan, cursing at him. "What is wrong with you? " He ignores me, flinging us through the forest again. I continue crying and screaming out, knowing it will solve nothing. I can't rise above this agony. I can't push it away. As we begin to slow, I know longer know where I begin and end. Everything is burning in invisible flames, consuming me. I claw at my neck in futility. My throat feels drier than a desert dune. I open my eyes, feeling too hopeful when we come to complete standstill. I roll around on the ground when he delicately places me on long grass. I look up at the dull, grey sky and weep for myself. I want to die. I pray for death. "Oh my goodness!" A soft, delicate voice cries. Around me I hear more growling and hissing, barely audible through my shrieking. " Edward, " a female voice snarls, vicious. "That fucker. " "Rosalie, be calm," a male voice commands, smooth as silk, like the voice before him. My sobs deepen, as I recognise her name. Rosalie Hale, one of the Cullens. The man who carried me here responds in a tight voice, sounding almost aggressive. "It wasn't him. It was a female. She bit her, not far from her home. A friend of yours?" "No," the calm monster replies, sounding bewildered and...appalled. "We had no idea there was another of our kind in the area. This is...devastating." "Kill me, please!" I shriek, folding under the intensity of the burning, which rises. "Please...someone do it. Just DO IT !" I open my eyes as strong, icy arms – just like the ones of my previous attacker – curl around me. I look up through my tears into the golden eyes of a woman I don't recognise. Her long, golden waves curl against my skin. My eyes lock with hers, pleading. "I'm so sorry, sweetheart," she soothes, running her icy hands over my scalp, which have no effect against the flames. "It will end, soon. I wish we could stop the pain." She presses her lips together, looking down at me with agony in her eyes. I don't understand. I don't try to, either. I let myself be enveloped in the flames, giving in. Maybe if I stop resisting, the pain will go faster. The woman promised there would be an end. I hold onto it with everything I have, looking past the pain. "I brought her here," the rough-voiced man speaks again, "because in the treaty it states that if one of you bites another human, then the treaty is void. When I saw that it wasn't a Cullen, I decided against killing this girl. If you promise to leave this place as soon as possible, then you may keep her as your own and train her to live the way you and your family do." The other man responds. "Thank you, young man. It was very kind of you to spare her life." "I don't live to kill humans," he spits in reply. "I'm not like you." For a moment, all that can be heard is my screams. I hear the voice of Rosalie, again, but this time she's not angry. She sounds...heartbroken. "Carlisle, no. We can't bring another innocent into this life. We have to kill her, while she's still mortal. This is her only chance to go peacefully," she pleads, frantic. Mortal? " What are you?!" I wail, thrashing against the tender woman. She lets me go, allowing me to claw at the earth in crippling pain. My legs remain dead weight, completely numb. " Carlisle! " Rosalie cries. "We can't do this!" A small, high pitched voice that sounds like singing makes itself known. I continue to cry, clutching at the grass and the soil. When will the burning end? "Rose, we have to give this serious thought. Not everyone regrets this life. Edward's not even here. We need to discuss this as a family before we do anything rash," she reasons. I hear the soothing voice of the man, who I assume is Carlisle, interrupt when Rosalie tries to speak. I stop screaming. I just moan softly, my tears having run dry. "Alice is right. This child needs more consideration. She's barely lived." I hear more hissing before I feel cold arms scoop me up. I look up into another beautiful face, a marker for danger. His face is pale, like the rest and his eyes are honey gold. His hair is blonde. "We will stage a death," Carlisle says above me, grimly speaking. "Then we will keep Bella here for a few weeks before I will transfer to another hospital, far away from here." "Do what you have to do. Just make sure she goes nowhere near the humans while you're here, or the treaty is finished," my carrier warns. "I will be keeping an eye out." "Of course," Carlisle responds. "We can handle her." I glance at the man, who stares at me for a moment, his eyes full of sorrow. "I'm sorry. I just couldn't do it. You're still human," he explains, as if I could possible understand. He turns around, shimmering and blurring as he disappears into the woods. "Let's take her inside and take her upstairs, Carlisle," the kind woman murmurs, touching his arm. She gazes down at me sadly. I can do nothing but suffer, crying tearlessly. I feel like my whole body is drying up all over, scorched by the heat. Carlisle agrees with the kind woman and I close my eyes, choking out sobs as I am carried into the unknown. What do you think? Let me know in the comments! I crave reviews! Peace x