to? Did you call me expecting me to be in a hospital or a morgue? Wait, is hurting people some kind of custom in Italy because I heard you can't make V shape with your fingers in front of Italian people because that means their boyfriend or girlfriend is cheating on them or whatever." Bella laughed over the phone, seems her little nervous tick was passing, "No..well I don't think so anyway. Jessica when are you coming back to Forks?" "Well..." She bit her lip in thoughtful thinking, "Soon..I guess. Although I have a year to spare and get some experience for my credits but being in Italy is so not helping so I might cut my 'vacation' early." "Oh that's cool. Well, I'll speak to you soon, OK?" Small smile appeared on Jessica at Bella's worry for her, "Yea, thanks for worrying though. Better than my parent." She can imagine Bella smiling over the phone. With quick but fond goodbyes, she hung up and closed her eyes. Bella grew agitated when she wouldn't pick up at the first ring like she always did. Maybe they came for her later, the thought ran through her mind with dread. To her relief, Jessica sounded fine and normal. She registered no pain or fear in her voice. She knew from Edward, Carlisle's century long happy friendship with the Volturi leader, Aro, and Alice had explained that they never kill the inhabitants of Volterra; tourists or not, they don't like risking even the tiniest chance and brought their 'food' from places that was quite far away. Even so, Bella bit her lip, the nagging anxiety in the back of her mind didn't reside one bit. The next time she met the mystery boy again was through pure coincidence. She didn't expect to see him again but when she did, felt an odd sense of happiness at the somewhat familiar face. "Hey!" She called out from a distance, "Alec!" The boy stilled at the sound of his name. With the fall of darkness and overshadowing hood, she couldn't see his face but she was sure it was him. Then resumed his gait toward the hill. Jessica raised a brow at the blatant act of snub. Rude she thought as her legs carried toward him. By the time she reached where he once stood, he had disappeared. "So rude." She muttered with a disapproving shake and turned back around when a figure emerged from the corner. Her phone clattered to the floor and she prayed her screen hadn't cracked from the collision. "Who is rude?" He asked, "Is it not considered rude to trail someone?" "I wasn't trailing!" She denied, "And isn't it rude to ignore someone when they call out your name?!" "I didn't hear you." He lied. "Yeah, looks like you didn't hear me(!)" "What do you want?" He asked audibly impatient. The tone surprised her. He usually sounded friendly. "I don't know." She honestly said, "Is it weird for me to say you just reminds me of the Cullens'? You're...weird." "Ah..you said that several times." He tilted his head, "Is that all?" "You don't really get along with people do you?" Jessica suddenly asked. "I'm not interested." He shrugged off. "I don't know...you just got that..lonely vibe, you know." "You're wrong." His voice changed from a friendly tone to harsher intonation. It seemed she made him angry and for a moment, she preferred him angry. He seemed..like a person. "So you can get angry.." The word slipped out of her mouth before she could register it. The corner of his lip twitched, "What did you say?" "Huh, oh, shit, no, I wasn't meant to say that." Jessica backed away as he stepped forward, "Sorry, goodnight, bye!" As she twisted around, one of her leg tangled around her other ankle and knocked her off balance as she felt herself falling. Clenching her eyes and bracing for painful impact, her hands desperately searched for something to grab on. Then something firm hooked around her wrist and pulled her back on her feet. With incredible speed, his arm shot out to wrap its fingers around her wrist and one thing she noticed foremost was how icy to the touch his skin was against hers'. It was frighteningly cold. Almost like a corpse. "Are you always this cold?" She asked, noting to his skin temperature rather than his character. Alec took back his arm just as fast as he reached out and Jessica blinked at the speed which he did. She almost missed it and thought, what a fast reflex. "I think it's good if you go." He said with the absence of his usual friendly tone. Jessica wanted to see his eyes that was always hidden by his hood and slightly bent down without being too noticeable. He smoothly turned slightly and lowered his chin, barring her catching a potential glance. She frowned, confused by his actions. What was he hiding? Was he..deformed somehow? Did he have lazy eyes? Could he be blind? "Look, I know we are basically strangers, but..I'm not going to judge whatever. I knew people who did morally questionable things when they got drunk so..yeah I did low key judged them but it was low key…" "Go." He patiently said. "Okay, goodbye." She turned and carefully stepped down the stone stairs. When she arrived on the ground, Jessica glanced back and saw that the mystery boy had been standing in the same spot and if his eyes were not covered, they'd have met. What a weird boy. She thought. There was something unnerving about him like the Cullens'. They looked normal..well in sense that they had two arms, two legs, a nose, a lip and two eyes just like her but there was something that set her apart from them that she just couldn't identify. It was like they were different - a world different. Alec broke the contact, turning on his heels and stalking away. Rewritten and uploaded on 09/09/17