a possessive arm around Bella's waist and hurried us into the restaurant. Once we got settled at our table Bella spoke first. "Well, I guess we gave the paps a nice show getting out of the car huh? I can just hear it already. 'Edward Cullen has romp in backseat with new co-star', I'm sorry Edward." She actually sounded distraught over it. "Look Bella, I don't give a shit what the paparazzi says about me. Hell, I have had every rumor possible printed and sadly a lot of them weren't rumors. I have a past Bella. It's not pretty and I'm not proud of it. There is nothing the tabloids can make up about me that would be worse than some of what's true in my past. Besides that, if the world wants to think that I made love to you in the back seat of a town car, then let them think it. Hell, I may even tell them that's what happened." I winked at her again and grabbed her hand. "No worries Beautiful, we got this." "Well ok then. I guess I worry too much huh?" Our waiter had shown up to take our drink orders so we went ahead and placed our orders for lunch at the same time. The rest of lunch was spent in comfortable conversation. Bella had the most amazing personality. Everything about this woman had me intrigued. She was like a breath of fresh air to my stale world. I was so excited to see where this was going to go. Bella made me want to completely throw myself into this movie and make it the best we could. For the first time in a long time, I was excited to start filming, and it was thanks to the beautiful brunette sitting to my left. BPOV Edward Freakin' Cullen! Are you kidding me? This was just not the kind of luck I normally had. Isabella Swan was not that damn lucky. Ever. When Aro Volturi called my agent and asked about my schedule, and if I would be able to meet with him regarding his latest project, a movie called Temptation , I was immediately interested. Aro was considered royalty in the movie industry. If you got to work with him, chances were that you would be a mega star after your first Volturi movie. To say that I was nervous was an understatement. Once I got there and found myself sitting in his office I calmed down a little. That was short lived, because the next thing he told me was that my leading man would be none other than the absolutely stunning completely swoon-worthy hot as fuck Edward Cullen. This man had been my favorite actor for as long as I could remember and I may have had a small crush on him. Ok, so it wasn't small by any means, but whatever. That brings me to today, sitting in a restaurant with Edward Cullen. Have I mentioned that things like this just don't happen to me? Of course, the true Bella had shown herself too. Getting out of the car, I managed to flash my cleavage to Edward when my blouse came unbuttoned. Furthering my horror, flashbulbs went off at that moment. I knew Edward was going to be furious that he would be linked to me in that way already. Much to my surprise, he was absolutely cool about it. If I didn't know better, I would think he was flirting with me. When he said that if they wanted to think he had made love to me in a town car then so be it, I nearly begged him to make that a true statement. We finished lunch and the car took us back to the studio. Aro had suggested we spend some time together this weekend to get to know each other. I was more than ok with that. We walked into the dressing rooms together and sat down on the couch to talk about our plans. "So, what do you want to do this weekend?" I hoped he would say he wanted to spend the weekend in bed between my thighs. Hey, a girl can dream. "Well, would you be opposed to staying at my place this weekend? I have plenty of room and it would give us an unlimited amount of rehearsal time. I think the more time we spend together, the better our timing and chemistry on screen will be. I hope you don't mind me saying, but Bella, I feel very comfortable with you already and I think we are going to be a fantastic pair on film." Did he really say that? If I'm going to stay at Edward's place this weekend, I need to bring every pair of panties I own, because this motherfucker was making mine damp with only his voice. "I think that sounds like a fantastic idea Edward." "Great. Tell you what, I'm going to head home and get a couple things ready for us. Let me see your phone and I'll add my number and then you call me so I'll have yours. I'll text you the address and you can come on over whenever you get ready." He actually sounded excited. I tried to remember that this was a professional arrangement. It's not like he had asked to spend the weekend with me. We were doing it for work purposes. I had to keep myself in check. He was Edward Cullen after all, and he could have any woman he wanted. The idea that he would want me was ludicrous. I would take this weekend at face value and be glad to have him guide me in my first major movie role. Edward was just being a nice guy and I had to keep telling myself it was just his job. A/N: So it seems like Miss Swan has a crush on Mr. Cullen already. Ha! Who in their right mind wouldn't? More to come soon!