long-since lost the twisting-knife of neglect, a sharp pain just under her ribs, when the business came before the daughter. She expected nothing less at seventeen than she had expected at six, and took to filling the time by taking out the tablet out of her satchel and setting to work in grading term papers of people several years older than herself. Five graded papers later, the secretary meekly calls over the large expanse of the room, "He's ready to see you, now." Bella checks the time, saves the progress and puts the tablet away, then stands, offering a bland smile to the secretary, who seems at a loss of how to act in this perfectly odd situation. Bella can almost read the thoughts behind her wide-eyed expression. They're family, right? This isn't how families behave, so detached… But it was. Or at least, that was the way the Swan's did, the two that were left - the brilliant tycoon and his daughter. Her father is sitting - predictably - behind a fine glass desk filled with screens of data beneath his hands. For a man in his fifties, he has aged well, with only the barest raking of silver through the temples of his dark hair and a neatly shaved jaw, tie done perfectly at the base of his throat. He doesn't look up as she enters and only speaks once the door has closed. "You're late." Bella stands in the middle of the room, satchel on her shoulder, scarf still around her neck. She does not move to make herself comfortable; she had not done that since before puberty and didn't intend to break habit now. "I am," she agrees stridently. "Your business with Beijing has unfortunately cut our meeting short and..." She pauses, gauging her father's reaction and coming to the swift conclusion that he was already ignoring her, even as she spoke. With a flare of vindication, she presses forward, prattling with a crisp edge to her voice, baiting him to react , somehow. " If I want to beat traffic, I really should be going. My class is starting in an hour and it wouldn't do to be late. What would the other students think?" Her father, with a heavy, irritated sigh, switches one of the screens on his desk with a deft flick of his fingers, humming noncommittally in the back of his throat. "Very well," he says, still distracted, already tired of her very presence. "Be on time in the future." The dismissal hurts as much as all the others ever have. She wonders if she were more brave, if she would yell and cry and demand his attention - she wonders, sometimes, if it would change anything. Wonders if he might notice her accomplishments, or deign to comment on how she has grown into her final growth spurt, no longer coltish, but still young . She can't remember the last time her father made direct eye contact with her on purpose, and wonders what might happen if she grasped his chin or smashed his screens and made him look at her - would his eyes be the same clear grey as her own, after all this time? Would he see her, or a girl that looks too much like her mother? And was that why he ignored her so, providing food and shelter but never a fatherly embrace? Bella bites her tongue against these thoughts threatening to escape, these emotional demands that make her feel like a child - and then departs as silently as she had entered. The secretary blinks fretfully from behind her desk, but wisely says nothing as Bella steps onto the elevator and holds herself still as the chrome-plated doors close. She maintains her stiff posture until she is marching past the security on the ground floor, outside of the wretched skyscraper, and breathing out a heavy breath as she slumps against the side of a neighboring building. The tension beneath her ribs dissipates, but the fresh bloom of pain behind her eyes does not. Bella gathers herself, ignores the headache, and hails another taxi. She didn't dwell on yet another failed meeting; instead, she retrieved the tablet from the satchel and set to grading more papers in the general cold comfort of the taxi, glass and metal and yellow paint firmly separating her from the rest of the world. She turns her mind from the ache in her head and in her chest, the ache of longing that her pride refuses to accommodate. An easy enough set of stubborn tasks, all things considered. Like her father, she has made it a point to move beyond disappointing things - and people. It is a terrible, terrible skill to have. A/N: If you were reading this story when it was still classed , then my apologies for the removal without notice. I appreciate the reviews, favorites, and follows for this story when it was pinging as Original Fiction. Thank you. I hope that you come back and relive these chapters with the translated Twilight names and continue to enjoy the story! That said, to new readers, this is my normal schtick - I have a story that I've written with original characters and I have simply changed the names to match the Twilight fandom. You may notice this in the rather unique character descriptions and details that are embedded in this story. The characters will look different because that's how I wrote them originally. The characters will behave different because that's how I wrote them orginally. The situations will be different - because, yes, that's how I wrote them originally. If that's a problem for you, then I am sorry but I will not be changing this. As it is - welcome to the story! Buckle in! I'll be updating a few times a week until I catch up to the backlog, so be prepared for a binge! As always, be brutally honest. I can take it. ~cupakeriot (Rae)