to their conversations and Emmett went over to turn up the radio. Edward wrapped his arms around Bella's waist and began to sing along. "Man, I swear there ain't nothin' looks better than that, sweet tan little thing with nothin' to do, I wanna take a little ride with you." The rest of the night consisted of drinking and laughing. At one point, Emmett had decided he wanted s'mores and ended up having his ass kicked by Bella when he nearly hit her in the head with a flaming marshmallow. Edward and Jasper were doubled over watching Emmett take off with Bella chasing close behind him. She leapt and tackled him to the ground before raining punches on his arms. Rose and Alice cheered her on as Emmett cursed at her between apologies. More people came and went as the fire burned late into the evening. Edward stood on one side of the fire talking to Emmett and Jasper. He looked over and saw Rose, Alice, and Bella having what appeared to be a deep conversation. Bella sat having a drunken philosophical life discussion with the girls. She looked up when she felt someone watching her and smiled as she saw it was Edward. In trying to keep up with Emmett and Jasper, Edward found himself unable to drive. Bella, who was also in no position to drive, laughed as he began freaking out, convinced that her dad was going to shoot him. "Edward, calm the fuck down. Its fine." "No it's not. He's gonna shoot me, and there are a lot of woods around your house where he could hide my body." "Oh sweetie, he wouldn't shoot to kill. I mean maybe a kneecap or arm, but I don't think Dad would do well in prison," Bella said seriously, before bursting into giggles as the color drained from Edward's face. "Ed-man, chill. You're killin' my buzz," Emmett said as Rose brought out blankets and pillows from the house. "It's not our first bonfire rodeo." "Papa Swan knows we all usually camp out after fires, Edward," Rose said, handing him and Bella a couple pillows and blankets. Seeing the amused look on Bella's face, Edward calmed down as she took his hand and they walked over to his truck. "Not cool, Bella. Not. Cool. "Oh come on, Pretty Boy, I'm sleepy." Climbing into the truck bed, he wrapped them both up as she snuggled into his chest. "Pretty Boy," she said. "Yeah." "Emmett may have kept me a secret from you, but he didn't keep you a secret from me." "Oh really." "Yeah, he was so excited to introduce us. He knew we would hit it off," she said. "He got really fucking annoying to tell you the truth." "Guess we should thank him then," Edward said as he closed his eyes. He was almost asleep when she spoke again. "Pretty Boy?" "Yeah." "Where are you going to school in the fall?" Bella asked, as she held on to him tighter. "I got accepted to IU," he said sleepily. "How about you?" "IU," Bella said with a smile. "That's good news. I would have hated having to transfer to Purdue." A few seconds passed and she was sure he was asleep until he spoke. "Bella?" "Yeah." "Why do you call me Pretty Boy?" "Because my first thought when I saw you was that you were really pretty for a boy." "Oh." Bella lay there and listened as his breathing evened out. She looked up into the star-filled sky, eventually following him into dreamland. Edward woke up the next morning much like he had the morning after the softball tournament, the sun shining brightly in his eyes, a pounding headache and Bella Swan staring at him. But this time, his arms were wrapped around her as she looked up at him. "Morning, Pretty Boy." "Morning." "How are ya feeling?" "Like shit. I don't know how you guys do it. I give up." "Aww come on, you can't admit defeat already," she said as she sat up and put her chin on his chest. "We still have all summer to get you on our level. Don't be a puss." "If you two are done making googly eyes at each other," Emmett yelled from the porch, "Rosie's mom made breakfast!" Standing up, Bella reached her hand out to Edward. "Upsie daisy, Pretty Boy, let's get some grease and coffee in your system," she said as he took her hand. "We've got things to do today." "We do?" "Yep," she said, hopping down out of the truck bed. "You said you wanted to take a little ride with me. I'm taking you up on that." "I did?" he said. "Was I drunk?" "No, you weren't drunk," She said, as Edward jumped down from the truck bed to stand beside her. "Don't you remember?" "Ummm…" "Sweet tan little thing with nothin' to do, I wanna take a little ride with you," she sang sweetly, before wrapping her arms around his neck and kissing him hard on the lips. Before Edward could process what was happening, it was over. With a wink and a smirk, Bella turned and walked towards the house. Edward stood stupidly by the truck before it dawned on him. As she waited on the porch for him, hands on her hip, head cocked to the side with a half smile on her lips, he knew he was done for. They would fight, bicker, and she would probably threaten to kick his ass on more than one occasion but he knew, standing there hungover and smelling like a bonfire, she was it for him. This girl, this beer drinking, F-bomb dropping, boot-wearing girl, had become his entire world and he had no doubt, that he would take a ride with her anywhere. AN: I'm not planning on making this a multi chapter fic but I am hoping to come back to these crazies with some additional one shots. Any ideas, send my way!