both of our mouths could have broken the sound barrier. "Oh God Edward! Yesssss….." She was writhing around under me, meeting me thrust for thrust and I knew it wouldn't take her long to find her release. "That's it Sweetheart. I feel that beautiful pussy squeezing me." I pulled all the way out of her and slammed back in a couple times. She gasped and screamed my name. I pulled out again and moved down her body, kissing her everywhere I could. She opened her mouth to protest a second before my tongue found purchase on her swollen clit. "Holy fuck Edward. That feels amazing." She squeezed her thighs shut so tightly that she almost dislocated my jaw. I chuckled against her heated flesh. "Are we a little eager baby? You can't injure me before I make you come several times, and by the way this delicious pussy looks and tastes I may be down here a while." I smirked up at her. When her eyes found mine I kept our gazes locked as I went back to work on her clit. I moved my hand and slipped two fingers inside her and curled them immediately. "Fuck Edward, when you look at me while you're going down on me it's almost more than I can handle. Damn baby you are so insanely gorgeous and your eyes Edward, they are so fucking beautiful." "Lay back and enjoy this Sweetheart. Let me remind you how good I am at this. I think I can find that perfect spot to make you see stars. In fact, I know I can." I inserted another finger and sucked her nub into my mouth. When I pressed a little harder I felt her tighten up and felt the rush of liquid leave her body. "Edwaaarrrrddddd…fuuuuuucckkkkkkk" I threw my arm across her pelvis to keep her on the bed. She reached down and grabbed my hair and pulled extremely hard. I was sure I would have a bald spot by morning but I couldn't have cared less. I had just made Bella squirt. It was a fucking good day in Edward Cullen's world. I crawled back up her body and kissed her deeply. She wrapped her arms around my neck and caged my hips in with her legs. "God baby you look amazing when you come. Did that feel good?" I rubbed the apples of her cheeks with my thumbs while she hummed lightly. "You have no idea Edward. God we are so good together. Please, I need you inside me now." She pushed down on my ass with her feet and I could deny her no more. Without another word I slipped back into her and began to thrust. I reached down and wrapped my arms around her back and over the tops of her shoulders, effectively pulling her as close to me as possible. I could tell she was close again and I was having to fight to hold off my own impending release. I needed her to come again. "Bella, baby, I need you to come. Keep your eyes open Sweetheart. I want you to look me in the eyes when I make you come. Do not close your eyes Isabella." I leaned down to kiss her. "I never want to lose this Edward. Never again. You are amazing. God I love you." I began to thrust harder. "Are you close baby? I need you to come baby. I won't last much longer." My voice was shaking with my fight to hold myself off. I shifted my hips to try a different angle and immediately I felt her tighten again. Once I was sure she was coming I finally let go. "Oh shittttt Edwarrrrdd! I'm coming!" Her pussy milked my cock so hard I thought I might pass out as my orgasm washed over me. "Beeeelllllaaaaa…Goddddd I looove youuuu!" I could barely speak and breathing was difficult at best. Bella and I had always been amazing in our lovemaking, but this time something was different. It was euphoric. I stayed inside her until our breathing calmed. I lifted myself off her and pulled her into my arms. We both sighed, completely sated and undeniably in love again. As I ran my fingers through her long locks, I felt her sigh against my chest. "Sweetheart, are you ok?" I moved to look at her face. "More than ok Edward. I'm more than ok." She sat up on her elbows and looked into my eyes. "I know we still have a long way to go until things are perfect again. But this week has been the best in a long time. You have shown me that our passion is still there and that if we always communicate and make each other a priority there isn't anything that can tear us apart." "Bella I will do anything in my power to always make you feel like the most important thing in the world to me. I won't ever make you second again. I'll remind you all the time why we are together. It's simple really. You are my other half. Without you, I cease to exist." "I love you Edward Cullen. I love you so very much. We're going to be ok. I feel it. We're going to be great again. We're going to turn off the lights at night and do more than sleep. We're going to be on fire and in love and completely out of control in our love for each other. And if one of us forgets we'll always remember to remind each other how wonderful our love is." "I have no doubt in my mind Isabella. We are in this forever. FOREVER." "Yes Edward. Longer than forever. Now will you do me one more favor?" "Anything love. What do you need? I'll do anything for you." "Remind me again." A/N: Thanks to everyone who read and reviewed our entry for the Lyrics to Life Contest. We absolutely loved writing this for you!