he pulled me to his chest yet again. We laid in utter silence as we both fought to control our breathing. I fell asleep wrapped in the band of muscles that was Edward arms with my head on his chest. The steady rhythm of his heart lulling me into a deep slumber. When I woke up again light was streaming into the room. I stirred as Edwards hand made circular motion on my back. I turned my head off his chest and found him staring at me. "Good morning beautiful" he said kissing my head. "Hi" I said a little bit embarrassed at my slut actions, I guess I am more like Rene than I initially thought. But fuck I had my first orgasm and it was mind blowing. I know fully understand why Alice and Rose enjoy being sexually active, holy shit. I was pulled from my thoughts as Edward slipped out of the bed next to me and walked into the bathroom his glorious body rippling with muscle. I could feast on the site of his glorious ass all day and not get lonely. His body was in tiptop condition with not an ounce of fat. Every inch of him was muscled and ripped to perfection like he was painted perfectly by the hands of God. He returned and smirked as he put his arms under me and pulled me to his chest. "Edward! Put me down" I yelled as he walked us both into the shower. He put me down once we were under the spray of water. The hot water seemed to calm me a bit. My head reached to his shoulder and I looked nervously up at him nibbling on my bottom lip. His thumb grazed my lower lip as he pulled it from between my teeth. His lips crashed down on mine and his arms snaked around my body. I clung to him like a second skin as he pulled me up and I wrapped my legs around his body resting my ankles on his glorious ass as he kept me against him keeping his hand under my ass. "I want you so bad" he breathed "Then take me" I said against his lips. "I need to go and get a condom" he sighed "I am okay," I said hoping he would understand. "Yeah?" he asked as I nodded my head "I'm clean so if you are sure." He said and I nodded again. He pushed me against the wall and pushed himself into me. I gripped his shoulder as he pushed in and out of me, my back against the wall and the water spraying my face as he worked his magic. I felt myself turning into putty and unable to gather enough strength to stay glued to him as an orgasm shot through me. "I can't hold on" I said as he kept going "I've got you babe" he breath "Oh…yeah…. right there" I breathed and that was all it took for me to milk his cock. He crashed against me as his semen shot into my body. He gently slipped me from him and made sure I was able to support my weight before he grabbed a louver and soap and gently washed over my entire body. I smiled at him as he hastily washed himself. Once we were done showering I scrawled back into bed hoping to get a little bit more sleep. I woke up a little while later to an empty bedroom. There was a bottle of water and some Tylenol next to the bed with a note Beautiful Bella Sorry I left without a goodbye, but I we are shipping out to Iraq today. I am sorry that I can't offer you more than one night of passion but the life of a marine is never easy. I still respect you. Take care Edward. He was a fucking marine! Shit I got up and just barely made it to the toilet as I heaved the entire content of my stomach. What the fuck have I done! I hate the marines and here I had just spent a night with one I barely knew! I have disgraced myself. I felt sick to my core knowing that I was just like Rene. Everything I stand for I let go in one moment of passion. This hurt me much more than I was able to understand. I know for a fact I hate the marines because my father died serving, but I wasn't sure why I felt betrayed and even hurt maybe used but I wasn't sure why? Life was an enigma that I was unsure how to solve. I wanted to punch the wall or fuck anything just to vent my anger. I was now forced to dress in my sleazy mini dress and leave the hotel looking like fucking shit. I made sure to phone for a cab first so that the cab would be waiting when I got downstairs. I fixed my appearance up as much as I possibly could before I took the walk of shame out of the hotel. Avoiding making any form of eye contact. I hate the fucking US Marine Core and I hate fucking Edward what ever his second name is. The son of a bitch! I was angry with him for no reason but I needed the anger it was what gave me the strength to get up and leave the hotel room with nothing more than a night of passion and a Dear John letter. Once again I was left. No one who got to see a loving passionate side of me seemed to care enough to stick around. My cell was filled with so many missed calls and text messages but that was to be expected I abandoned them last night with no word and then I ignored all their calls, well technically I just didn't hear my phone and calling them was the furthest thing from my mind.