him from his seat. "You are only making this more difficult." "You're being difficult. You're supposed ta love me regardless; take care of me. Ya not supposed ta humiliate me." "Jasper, causing a scene isn't helping your case." "You're the one lookin' ta cause a scene, Esme. Let me go." He wrenched his wrist out of her grip and took a step back. "Baby, think about where you are and what you're doing? Trust me. You do not want to continue on this path." "Mr. Hale, just take it easy. Retake your seat and settle down so we can all talk this out. No one is going to do anything to hurt you." "Like hell. No offense meant, Mr. Greene, but you don't know shit." The school administrator's brow suddenly furrowed. He can't be saying what I think he's saying. Not the Cullens. I can't believe that Doctor and Mrs. Cullen could be abusive. Then again it's often the family that you least expect who hides the darkest secrets. "Jasper, if you need a safe haven, I can get you help." Esme dropped her head and covered her eyes with her hand as she rubbed her temples. This cannot be happening. Jasper stared at the principal uncomprehendingly then shot his mother a fleeting glance before realization struck like a bolt of lightening. Closing his eyes he shook his head. "No, Mr. Greene. It's not like that. It's just..." His eyes snapped open and he locked onto the befuddled administrator. "You wouldn't understand. I appreciate your concern, but I really don't need rescuing." "Maybe you do and you just don't realize it. Maybe this anger is stemming from a subconscious need to draw attention to the real problem that you are no longer consciously aware of. Once aberrant behavior has set a pattern, it's easy to forget it's not normal, Jasper." "Normal?" Jasper laughed and turned away from the well meaning interloper. "Who is to say what's normal these days? Apparently it's become normal to damage someone's property and not even offer an apology for it. Back in my day, that was unconscionable. If you broke something that belonged to someone else, you fixed it. If you couldn't fix it, you replaced it. If it couldn't be replaced, you tried like hell to find someway to make it right. Now, it has become normal to just blow it off and walk away. The injured party is suppose to suck it up and get over it. God forbid that they want some sort of satisfaction because then that means that they have anger issues or are psychologically impaired in some other way. If this is normal then that is something that I most certainly don't want to be. Yeah, I hit Mrs. Riley. No, I'm not proud of that fact at all. It was an accident, but that doesn't mean that there shouldn't be repercussions. I'm willing to take responsibility for what I've done and accept my punishment, but damn it, why shouldn't the bastard that hit my bike be required to do the same?" His dark eyes flashed angrily as he searched the administrator's face for an explanation and found that none was forthcoming. Looking away from the "adults" in the room, Jasper ran a hand through his wheaten locks as he paced back and forth like a panther in a small cage feeling his frustration reaching greater levels. "Jasper, Sweetheart, you need to calm yourself down." Esme took a step towards him, forcing herself to exude a quiet calm that belied the anxious tension which all three of the room's occupants were experiencing. The Major stopped in his tracks and gave his mother a look of utter despair. The deep dark burnt chocolate brown of his eyes clearly proclaimed his distress and Esme felt any residual anger that she had held onto melt away. Her mothering instincts took over and all she could think about was how much she needed to reassure and comfort her precious soldier boy, but her next step forward sent him scurrying two steps back. The heavy emotions in the room were beginning to weigh down on the boy causing him to fidget anxiously as he continued to hold his distraught mother's gaze. For the second time within a span of minutes, Jasper felt a stab of regret at the core of his being. He felt the pain of rejection that Esme had just experienced when he increased the distance between them and he hated himself for hurting her. "Ah hafta go. Ah... Ah just can't be here any longer. Ah'll see ya back at home later, Momma. Ah... Ah jest can't do this right now. Ah can't." He turned and was nearly at the door when Esme calling out his name made him hesitate. "Jasper, please don't do this." Her pleading tone rang with sadness and hurt that mirrored the emotions rippling through the boy. They both knew how Carlisle would react to his cowardly act of running away and maybe that was part of the reason that he felt inclined to do just that. "Don't walk away from me. You know that you are only going to make this a great deal harder on all of us. You need to regain control of yourself so we can talk this out." "That's why Ah hafta go. Ah need ta just get away on mah own for a spell." His voice was soft and thick with emotion. "Ah know what ya thinkin', but Ah won't. Papa aint gonna hafta come find me. Ah'll come home. Jest give me a few hours. Please, Momma. Ah need this." The concern and grief coming from Esme caused the soldier to shudder before he shook his head. "Ah gotta go." With that he swiftly exited the office and raced out of the building to disappear into the surrounding forest, leaving his overwrought mother behind to work out the details of his academically sponsored chastisement with one very stunned Harold Greene.