across her cheek to her lips, whispering against her mouth, "So, so beautiful." His mouth was gentle as he took her nipple between his lips to suck softly, and he fumbled a bit as he explored her folds, and his fingers shook as he spread her open, her soft gasps blending with his panting breaths. He gently bent one finger into her opening, groaning at her wetness as he withdrew to circle higher, making her cry out. She slipped her hands down his stomach and felt the muscles there clench in response, then she worked up her courage and reached lower, grasping his hard, velvety length in her hand. He froze suddenly and squeezed his eyes closed, covering her hand with his. "I'm sorry!" embarrassment flooded her, but he laughed shakily and quickly kissed her mouth. "No! No, I just..." he shook his head. "I'm not going to last if you touch me… there." "Oh…Oh! Really?" "Really." He opened his eyes and they regarded one another, breathless and flushed. "Bella...I want you to know...I need you to know… You're the only one. You're the only one I've ever wanted — the only one I've been with. I've never..." "Me, too. Me, too, Edward. I've only ever wanted you." She pressed her lips against his, shyly taking the lead as she rolled to pull his body over hers once more, encouraging him with soft moans and caresses. Suddenly she felt him against her entrance, and Edward froze, his face anxious. "Bella, wait. I need to get..." She halted his words with gentle fingers against his lips. "I'm on the pill." "The p-pill…" He cringed as his nerves caused him to stutter yet again, but she lovingly stroked the hair from his forehead. "Edward…it's okay. It's me. It's you and me." She smiled up at him, finally sure of herself, of them, and he nodded, kissing her lips gratefully. His arms shook as he held himself above her, perspiration on his forehead, his eyes indescribably tender as he positioned himself between her thighs. "Please, Edward. I love you. Please." She drew his head down to hers and kissed him, for all the pain and guilt he'd carried needlessly for her sake, for the caring, gentle man that he was. "Please." He held her eyes and slowly pushed himself into her, his mouth falling open, face tense with concentration. He froze for the span of several heartbeats, then pushed deeper, and she felt full, stretched. She winced at the sharp pinching sensation, but it quickly eased; she gave him a trembling smile and pulled his head down beside hers, holding him close. He buried his face into the side of her neck, breathing deeply, then thrust himself home with a shuddering gasp. "Bella," he strained out, trembling with the effort to be still, "Are you okay? Is this okay?" She nodded and tightened her arms around him, kissing his shoulder. "I'm perfect." He sighed in relief and slowly began to move. "Oh, god…" She was awash in sensation. His skin was warm against her body, his breath sweet on her face, his lips melding with hers, the length of him stroking within her. Whispers and sighs evolved into more urgent sounds, and she began to whimper as the burning sensation was replaced with a delicious warm glow. He slid his hand down to grasp her hip, helping her to match his rhythm. She drew her knees up, and the new angle caused him to penetrate deeper, grazing a sensitive new spot with each thrust. She bit her lip but couldn't contain the mewling cries that escaped, and she clutched at his back, desperate for the intensity to continue. Edward's movements became erratic. "Bella, oh please... please , Bella… God ...I love you!" Frantically he took her mouth, thrusting with his tongue as he filled her with his cock. "Oh, God...I can't…Bella, please ..." The desperation in his voice pushed her over the edge and she cried out as the pressure inside her suddenly burst into pulsing waves of pleasure. She convulsed around him, sobbing his name and curling into him. "God, Bella! I love you!" He gave one last thrust, grinding against her, then buried his face in her neck and groaned, shuddering in his release. They lay together, arms and legs entwined, until their breathing calmed, and he reached down to draw the blanket over them. "Thank you." He kissed her lips tenderly, then lay next to her, gently stroking her face. She traced a pattern across his chest. "I love you Edward." "Love you." His voice was already thick with sleep, and he moved his head until it rested against hers on the pillow. He cradled her hand against his chest, and almost immediately his eyes drifted closed. She continued to watch him as he slept. . . . The bright light of morning was streaming through the window when a loud clanging from the kitchen had them both sitting up straight in bed, covers clutched to their chins. "What the hell?" The door was flung open, and Alice's head popped in, then quickly withdrew. "Whoopsie daisy!" "ALICE! You have GOT to be fucking kidding me!" Bella was fuming, but Edward lay back in bed with his arm behind his head, a dopey smile on his face. "You know," he said, a twinkle in his eye and a smirk on his face, "I never answered your question." Bella huffed and turned to look down at him. "What question?" He gently stroked her hair and his smile was tender. "Will you marry me?" Her eyes grew wide, and then she grinned. "Not waiting until we're forty?" He pulled her on top of him. " Definitely not waiting until we're forty." She hummed in satisfaction. "Good. Now be quiet, so I can say a proper good morning to Captain Howdy." ~oOo~ A/N: Really and truly, thank you for reading. If you leave a review, Captain Howdy will visit you in your dreams. Promise.