was cleaning up the breakfast dishes, when I heard my IPhone ring. Now who in the hell is calling me this early? I turned off the water and went to answer my phone. "Hello," I answered. "Hey Bella, it's me, Ben," he replied. "What's wrong?" I asked. "I am so sorry, I have to postpone my trip for a while." He sounded hurt. "Aww, I was looking forward to seeing you," I lied. "I know you, I was looking forward to seeing you too," He claimed. I was kind of glad that he couldn't make his trip, so I can see if Edward still wants to go out tonight. The guilty feeling is still there in my stomach. I know that I should break it off with Ben, but I don't want to hurt his feelings. I've only been here for about five days and I'm trying to move on and not think about him. "Bella, are you still there?" he asked. "Huh, what sorry." I was puzzled. "I was talking to you," He retorted. "Oh sorry," I said. "I was saying I will have to let you know when I can come to visit," he replied. "Fine, it's okay, I understand." I walked back to the sink to finish the dishes. "Are you sure?" he asked. "Yeah, I am fine," I answered. "Well I love you, and I have to go now," he said. "Love you too, later," I replied. He hung up the phone. I listened as the line went dead. That's when I realized that he moved on with someone else. I was a little upset about the way he went about doing it. But I really didn't tell him that I wanted to break up. Thanks Ben! I really didn't want to hurt his feelings when I told me I found someone new. I finished the last dish and dialed Edward's Blackberry phone number. I waited for him to pick up, but no answer. So I decided to leave a voice message for him. "Edward, it's me, Bells, I just wanted to see if we can still do something tonight, like go to a movie or roller skating; since Ben canceled his trip at the last minute; call me back I'll be home." I hung up the phone and went on my the back porch and sat on our swing. I was sitting there thinking about how Ben went about doing this to me. I know it was a little shitty about how he did it. Four Years later. Edward had asked my parents' permission to marry me. I was so glad that they give him their blessing in marrying me. I sent Ben an invitation to the wedding, but no reply back. I was hurt. I thought I heard Jasper and Quil on the phone last week say that Ben and Kate were engaged and were expecting a little girl soon, so I thought that I would invite both of them to come, but neither of them replied - how nice. I was getting ready for our wedding when my iPhone rang. Who in hell is calling me now? I took my purse and grabbed my phone. I flipped it open. "Hello," I answered it. "Bella, it's me, Ben," he said. "what now?" I asked sounding a little hurt. "I know we've been friends and that I hurt you, but Kate is in labor so we are on our way to the hospital." He was about to park the car. "Well, I'm very hurt by you, you could have called me to tell me that you guys can't make it." I was looking at myself in the long mirror. "I know Bella, I'm sorry," he said. "No you don't, I have to go now," I was walking to the door. "Okay, but I'm sorry," he claimed. "Right, bye," I said, not waiting for him to reply back; I hung up and walked to our limo. That was the last time I talked to or heard from Ben. My dad and I were talking on the way the church. He asked me who I was talking to. I had to tell him it was Ben. He didn't say anything about him. I knew he was upset about the whole thing; I told them what happened four years ago. Anyway, I wanted to forget about him and be happy on this day. Why did he have to call me today? When we arrived at the church, the limo driver parked the limo and walked back to open the door. My dad got out and he extended his hand to help me out. When I got out, we walked into the church. I had butterflies in my stomach. My friends Makenna and Kim were here along with Zafrina. They looked so nice in their dresses. I just couldn't wait to see Edward. I always dreamed of this day, and now it's finally here. The lady came in and gave us a cue. When the song came on; Zafrina walked to the altar, then Makenna, and Kim, and last but not least my dad and I. As we walked down to the altar; my dad whispered I love you. I whispered back the same statement. As we approach the altar, there stood the most handsome man I ever laid my eyes on. He smiled at me and said I love you too. A few minutes later Pastor Black came out and started the ceremony. I just couldn't wait for him to say; you may kiss your bride. When he actually said that Edward dipped me down and kissed me. Than he pronounced us as husband and wife. Then the music started up and we walked to our family and gave each of them hugs. Then we walked out of the church, so we could get our pictures taken. Then we went to the hall to celebrate our marriage. This day was enchanted and the best day of my life!