to understand what he meant. He had always been honest with her, so she needed to give him the same courtesy, and she swore to herself that she would. With her mind set, the pixie found that she no longer felt even the smallest amount of fear. She found peace in knowing that even if he felt she deserved to be punished again, she would be okay. Sure it would hurt, but his love would never waver, and he would always be there to help her through it. Inhaling, she relaxed and watched a scene unfold where he returned to her and they talked everything out. There would be some tears, but the vision blurred after that. She wasn't sure of the outcome, but she could feel his arms around her and that made everything better. "I know you're angry with me," Alice said as she gingerly sat on a fallen tree while her mate leaned his back against the trunk of one still standing. His arms were crossed, and his expression was unreadable. She couldn't detect the anger that had troubled her before, and she didn't feel anything from his usually exuded emotions. He was quiet and still as the grave, almost as if he hadn't hear a word she had been saying, but she knew that was far from true. A muscle in his jaw twitched as he stood there staring at her, which only served to make her more nervous. "Jasper, please say something," she pleaded. "Do something. Anything. I know I've hurt you, but please at least talk to me." Finally, he slowly shook his head. "I ain't mad," he softly replied. "Trouble is, I'm not sure what to feel." "Betrayed?" she quietly offered as she hung her head. "No, Alice. You haven't betrayed me. In truth I git why you feel the need to test me. I mean, look at me. I didn't exactly come by these scars through some unfortunate accident. There's good reason others avoid us when we travel. I'm dangerous. Pure and simple." "No, you're not," she insisted while looking back up at her tortured mate. "I damn well am. Maybe not to you, but I am to others, and instinctively you feel it, too. You don't trust me, and I can't blame you," he said with a sigh as he glanced away from her angelic face to train his focus on his booted feet. She may not be quite right, but that wasn't her fault. He, on the other hand, was a monster by design, in form and function. His train of thought went back to this weird diet she had so successful adopted for no other reason that seeing a picture in her head of some others of their kind doing it. She didn't struggle at all around the humans. She was bouncy and bubbly feeding on a bunny, where he... Jasper inhaled sharply. What she was doing was preserving life, while all he did was destroy it. The empath was so caught up in this thoughts that he hadn't notice his mate's approach until she gently placed her hand against his cheek as she stared up into his eyes. "I do trust you." He gently took her hand away and kissed it before releasing her. "Not really, hummingbird, and I can live with that for now. It means that you're smart and cautious. That's how you should be. Being leery of danger will keep you alive." "So will you." The pixie's simple statement was spoken with honesty and complete conviction. She had total faith in him as a protector, and he would never give her cause to regret that. Jasper nodded sharply. "Yes, missy. I most certainly will, so you're gonna have ta learn ta mind me." Alice grinned as a devilish glint lit up her golden eyes. "Or what?" she challenged as she bounced just out of his reach. "Alice, I ain't playing," he warned. "This is serious." "Always so serious. Yes, sir! Right away, sir! Dig that latrine or there's KP in your future, soldier! Hut two, three, four!" "Mary Alice." His voice was much lower and took on a tone of authority that would not be ignored. "Sir! Yes, sir!" She smartly saluted him while taking a step back. "Yer lookin' fer another lickin' so soon?" he asked as he watched her through narrowed eyes, but his voice dripped with amusement. "Maybe," Alice answered sweetly as her mate came to the conclusion that the glimmer in her eyes had nothing to do with the moonlight from above. "Private Whitlock, I can promise you that the last thing you want is a return trip over my knee tonight." "It wouldn't be bad as long as you kissed it and made it better." Jasper suddenly raised his head and looked at her in shock. "Excuse me, little miss?" He raised a questioning brow, as he closely studied his playfully, mischievous wife. "But, did you just tell me to kiss your ass?" "Hmm." Alice tapped her chin thoughtfully before flashing her husband a devious smile. "Come here, girl," he commanded while pointing to a spot on the ground directly in front of him. "I don't think so." "Are you disobeying a direct order?" "Um... Yep." "That right there is insubordination, and I won't have it! Looks like I'm gonna have to learn ya good and proper. Time to really break in this old belt," he growled as he pushed off the tree and took of after his wife's darting silhouette, following the trail of pure joy that came with her laughter. She was a handful, to be sure, but the Major freely acknowledged that he wouldn't have her any other way. He didn't quite have her trust, but that was something earned, and Jasper was determined to earn it soon. For now he would just have to enjoy what he did have; a naughty little imp with an indomitable spirit that he was lucky enough to call his own.