glanced regularly at Edward, who smiled at me every time, shaking his head to himself and returning his attention to the class, afterwards. I liked seeing Edward during class, he messed his hair even more when he was having trouble understanding things, furrowing his eyebrow into a V and resting his forehead on his palm. He would, then, shake his head and look at the blackboard with a new stash of determination. He also took quick glances at me, winking from time to time until Mr. Banner called him out on it and he stopped. I was bored; I already knew what was being taught today because I had spent the entire summer reading the textbooks from every subject, so that I could be prepared when the time came. Yes, I was a complete nerd but who could judge me? I wanted to go to a good college, to get out of Forks and visit the exotic, fantastic and different places from around the world…and to do that I needed great, excellent grades. It wasn't like I didn't go out, I did… I just didn't spend every minute with the rest of the group on First beach partying like the crazy teens from Project X . I liked that movie, there was one song that I loved but I couldn't remember the name… What was it? Man, I loved it… "Bella?" a velvety voice asked me, waking me up from my rambling thoughts. Someone nudged my shoulder and I looked to my right ready to snap at the idiot. But my resolve immediately crumbled when I saw that the idiot was Edward and that he was calling me because the class had already ended. I hadn't noticed. "Sorry," I mumbled, picking up my bag and setting it on the table. I threw my books into it, not caring if the pages got creased. Edward waited until I got everything ready and then he walked me to the parking lot without a word. We were so close that our hands almost touched, sending electric shocks through my body when our pinkies brushed together. From my peripheral vision, I saw him glancing at our hands and then at me, like he was trying to gauge my reaction if he eventually joined them. I didn't understand his fear, we had hold hands when we were rushing to the class and I hadn't said anything. Nevertheless, I kept my cool, reminding myself that we were mere acquaintances; the problem was my body wasn't listening to my brain. Once outside, I stopped and turned to him, ready to say goodbye but I saw Jess and Jane looking at us, whispering to each other and smirking knowingly. They were standing by my car, waiting for some juicy details about the newcomer. Neither of them had Edward in their classes. "Bye, Bella," he walked off to a Volvo where his siblings stood after he gave me one of most his dazzling smiles. He took the keys from his backpack and opened the car, sitting in the driver seat. They followed his lead and took off from the parking lot. I didn't even have time to say goodbye back. Wasting no time, I went to my car as I prayed not to be assaulted by a million questions… "Bella!" Jess shrieked once I got near them. "Tell us everything!" "Hey," I waved as I grimaced. "Don't you guys have to go home or something?" I asked, hope coloring my voice. "Not right now," Jane said grinning, as she leaned against the truck's side door. I arched my eyebrow at them and looked through my bag for my car keys, supporting it on top of my knee. I was so not in the mood for this… I huffed in annoyance and pleaded to my brain to invent a really good excuse that could prevent the interrogatory from happening. Suddenly, there was light and I turned to look at them with a fake, sad smile plastered on my face. "Sorry girls, but Renee needs my help today," their smiles faltered a little and Jess pouted ridiculously; if she was trying to look cute, she was failing. "Oh, maybe we can call you later?" she asked hopefully with her hands clasped over her chest and Jane mimicked her. "Today's not good, but tomorrow…I'll talk to you tomorrow," I nodded my head and blew them a kiss, pulling Jane off my door gently. I hopped in, waving as I made my way out of the damn school, and sped my way home. As I looked out of the window and let my hair wave with the breeze, I started thinking about Edward and how childish it was to just like a person without knowing them. I never did that, especially after the last fiasco with him … No, I wasn't going down that road again. I was going to focus on school like I had decided, no matter what the costs were. I could do this. I would do this. I turned the radio on and listened as Bridgit Mendler's Hurricane started playing. I turned the volume of the speakers up and danced in my seat to the rhythm of the music, singing along with it. I took the chance to empty my mind of all the thoughts regarding school, Edward, and him and to just enjoy the time I had alone until I was home with my chaotic mother and my silent father. A/N: Hi! I hoped you liked it. This was the very first fanfic that I wrote. It isn't finished yet. I started writing a few years ago and then forgot about it altogether... until now! Oh! I changed the name of this fic. It used to be called "Pepper Hot". If you feel like it, please leave a review so that I can know your thoughts about this fic, wether they are good or bad. If they're bad, feel free to be gentle about it. Until next time!