naked in front of me. His cock is so hard, it's stuck up against his stomach and is making my mouth water. He moves against me and slides my thong off. He wraps it around his hand and when he brings it up to his nose and deeply inhales my arousal I am done for. The washer kicks into the spin cycle and before I know what's happening, Edward's cock is buried deep inside my pussy. "Fuck Edward, you feel so damn good baby. Fuck me hard Trooper. Do you hear me? Fuck me until I can't see straight." I fist my hands in his glorious head of hair and pull his mouth to mine. Edward is slamming in and out of my pussy at a rapid pace. Between his thrusts and the spinning washing machine, I feel my orgasm building quickly. "Come on you fucking hot ass bitch. Come for me Bella. I wanna feel that pussy grab my dick and hold on like a fucking vise." His words throw me over the edge and I come hard, gasping for breath as I ride out wave after wave of a strong as hell orgasm. Edward doesn't stop at all and instead keeps right on pumping me hard. "Come on Trooper Cullen. Show me what you got you sexy motherfucker. I wanna feel you come in me." "Uggghhh…..Bella…gonna co….Unnnggghhh….." he empties himself deep within me and pulls me to him tightly. Something is different about this and I find myself not wanting it to end. All of a sudden I don't want to be without Edward. When did our relationship change? We stand there still wrapped in each other, his cock deep inside me until it's flaccid. With a groan Edward pulls out of me and steps back offering me his hand to get down off the washer. "Bella, sweetheart, this isn't how I wanted to do this. I had this whole elaborate scenario planned out. Fuck, I can't live without you in my life permanently. I want more from you than every so often Bella. Dammit, I love you Bella Swan. I fucking love you more than life itself and if I have to spend another day being just a booty call I might just fucking die." I swear Edward just told me he loves me. Did I hear him right? Surely he didn't say that. I mean, why would he want plain ol Bella Swan? Things like that just don't happen to me. All I can do is stand there and stare at him. My voice won't work and Edward begins to notice it because I can see his face fall into a frown and his eyes have a sadness I have never seen. I know I need to say something but I can't get my fucking brain to engage. "Son of a bitch. You don't feel the same do you? Shit Bella, I'm sorry. I thought I read the signs correctly. Clearly I have just made a fool of myself." He turns and leaves the room, shutting the door behind him. I'm left there, naked and shocked in Trooper Edward Cullen's laundry room. What the fuck just happened? I manage to get my clothes back on and head out to the living room looking for Edward. He's not there and I start to panic. Quickly I walk through the house looking in every room. Finally I find Edward sitting out on the back patio. He's sitting with his elbows on his knees and his face in his hands. There is a Stella Artois on the table, half full. God he looks so distraught and it's all my fault because I couldn't fucking engage my damn brain. Fix this Swan….now! "Edward baby, I'm sorry." I move to stand in front of him. He looks up at me with red rimmed eyes and it breaks my heart to know he's been crying. Quickly I take his hands in mine and push him back into the chair so I can sit on his lap. I wrap my arms around his neck and his automatically go around my hips securing me to him. "I'm sorry I didn't react back there in the laundry room. The truth is I was shocked. I never dreamed you would want more from me. I'm just me, I'm plain, I'm not really anything to look at and you, shit Edward, you're this perfect God-like specimen of manhood. You're unbelievably gorgeous, you have a personality that anyone would die to have, and don't even get me started on that fuckhot body. Edward you have a heart of gold and you would give the shirt off your back to anyone who needed it. You are fucking amazing at your job, you're a damn fine State Trooper and I've never been so in love with anyone else in my life. I want more too Edward. I want all of you Trooper Cullen. Everything you can give me, I want." I lean down and kiss Edward deeply. He breaks our kiss and looks at me with relief written all over his face. "Oh God Bella, thank you baby. Thank you. I promise you from this day on, I will never EVER leave you. I will love you forever and a day past that. I will cherish you and worship your body every night. Bella, I want you to be the mother of my children. I want you to marry me one day. I can't tell you how happy you have made me baby. God I love you." "Well Trooper, I have more laundry to do, so why don't we try out another spin cycle?" I wiggle my eyebrows at Edward and quicker than humanly possible, he stands from the chair with me still in his arms and runs us back inside to the laundry room. "Up against the wall and spread 'em Ms. Swan. I'm going to need to frisk you first." "Whatever you say Trooper Fuckhot. Whatever you say."