been much too serious for the happy go lucky boy. People just didn't know how to let loose and have fun. While school was boring, it was one place that he wasn't expected to be serious all the time, and that made the role of son a bit more entertaining when compared to the role of working man and provider. "I don't know, Rosie. We sorta already do what we want." "Maybe you do, but look at what I just went through. I'm not even allowed to speak my mind. I expressed my views and was slapped for them. I'm being suppressed. You know that's isn't how things should be." "No," he agreed. "That wasn't right for Momma to do, but maybe you should wait and talk to Pops. He's good at sorting things out. He'll be back from work soon and you can tell him about your afternoon. You know he can make it all better. It's what he does." "He'll side with Esme. He has no choice. No matter what he thinks, he has to side with her regardless. They're mates, and mates stick together, Em," she reminded her husband as she gave him a pointed stare. "I know, but it's Pops that we're talking about. He's fair, Rose. If Momma was wrong, he'll say it. He not about to hide something like that." " If she was wrong? If ? Whose side are you on?" Emmett was on his feet in an instant, his arms wrapped around his wife's slender frame as he hugged her close. "I'm always on your side, babe. Always. You know that, but it's just not like Mom to do something like this without a damn good reason. Don't you think there's more to it? I mean really more going on?" "It's just her true colors finally coming out. That's all there is to it. She's always sided with Edward over me, and now she's doing the same with Jasper. It's because she had and lost a little boy. She's always held boys in higher esteem. In general, Esme thinks of girls as second class, and she thinks even less of me." Emmett was about to disagree when Rose pulled away from her lover's embrace and went back to packing. "I won't stay where I'm made to feel inferior. I just can't, Em. No one can ask me to do that, not even you. I want you to come with me, but I'm going with or without you." "I would never let you go off on your own," he firmly stated. "You're my life, Rosie — my angel. I wouldn't even be here if it wasn't for you. I'll miss our family, I'm not gonna shit ya about that, but I'll follow you to the ends of the earth if that's where you want to go." Rosalie gave me husband a brief smile. "I wasn't thinking about going that far. How about we start in Germany? It's been a really long time since we've visited there, and you've always enjoyed it." The bruin nodded as he quickly fell in line and began to bag his things, suddenly finding himself wishing that he had put his wash out for Esme so he would have had more clean clothes to take. "And after our trip we can come home and things will be like they were before," he tacked on hopefully, while sniffing a dingy pair of socks. Rose froze for a moment, before continuing to carefully folding her undergarments. "I don't know that things will ever be like they were before, but we'll see." That was good enough for Emmett. As long as Rosalie was open to discussing mending the fissure between she and Esme, he knew that they would eventually find themselves back home. It would be a grueling task, but the bear was determined to see to it that his wife and mother made up and put whatever happened today behind them. He hated to see his family fight, regardless to who was at odds, but to have the women that he loved at each others throats ... Well, that was just unbearable. Heaving a sigh, he stuffed a few more shirts into his duffle before looking over at his determined mate. Rose was a hard nut to crack at the best of times, but he could do this. He had to. She needed support right now — support and understanding. She needed him, just like Esme needed Carlisle and together there wasn't a thing that the four of them couldn't over come when they put their minds to it. "Ready, Em?" "I think so. Now, you're really sure about this?" he tried once more, but the look on his wife's face was all the answer he needed. "I'm sure," Rose replied with a toss of her head, but her mate detected the slightest of hesitations in her tone. She didn't want to leave any more than he did, but her pride demanded it, and with Rosie, pride was often everything. Throwing his duffle over his shoulder, he grabbed the handle of her suitcase in one hand while he caught her hand in his other and gave it a comforting squeeze. "Ready." The stubborn blond took one last glance around their room before giving her mate a quick nod. There was no point in staying any longer. She wasn't wanted here so she would simply have to find somewhere more agreeable to call home. Taking a breath, she pushed aside all the growing regret and pain that tore at her heart as she reminded herself that this was Esme's fault. It was obvious that the matriarch didn't want her around so she was just making things easier on the woman by leaving before she was asked to leave. This way was better and less stressful for them all. "Let's go, Emmy. Our future awaits." With that statement, Rosalie and Emmett swiftly departed their home leaving their family and corresponding troubles far behind.