⎯his hands slowly worked up over my legs: my stomach, my rib cage, and finally my breast. My eyes drifted closed as he kissed me; his hands now on either side of my body. I opened my legs wider and felt the tip of his erection nudging its way between my folds. I thrust upwards, desperate to have him inside of me. One of his hands moved to hold my hips still ⎯ then he pushed inside me; slowly, groaning out in pleasure. His green eyes watching me intently. He teased me, slipping the head of his erection in and out a few times before thrusting forward. My breath left me and I gasped for air as his hips moved, he bent his arm, pressing the length of his body against mine. His mouth was against my ear as he thrust in and out. I could hear his pants and low moans, making my stomach clench. His tongue licked my ear and I moaned. "I want you to make me come," He whispered. I was already on the edge, but hearing his rough voice whisper in my ear pushed me over it. His hips gained more speed and he threw his head back. I watched the muscles of his neck tighten and strain, groaning in pleasure, as he swiveled his hips one last time before shuddering through his climax. Panting and exhausted, we both moved under the sheets. Laying my head on his chest, I ran my fingers over his arm, following the intricate tattoo he had there. It was some time later when I spoke. "Edward." "Mmm…" His hand started to stroke my hair. My voice shook with nerves. "I need to tell you something." I felt him move and decided I needed to stand up. I needed to keep some distance between us. If he reacted badly to what I had to say I didn't want to be in his arms when it happened. I stood; grabbed my robe from the back of my bedroom door and put it on. "Bella! What?" He sat up, looking at me puzzled. "Please, Edward! Please just let me get this out." I watched his hand run through his hair; his troubled eyes following my movements as I paced the room. "Just don't interrupt until I finish. If you want to leave after that. Then I understand." "Okay, baby." He offered me what I'm sure was to be a reassuring smile. Tears started to run down my cheeks. Taking a deep breath, I stopped pacing and looked at him. "I killed Jake." I wiped my eyes, watching as his widened. My voice lowered to almost a whisper. "It was dark. I went for a walk to clear my head. One minute I was walking through the trees at the end of the street. The next; I was being dragged deeper into the woods, a hand covering my mouth." I started to pace again, "I didn't know what he wanted, but he was so drunk. I thought I could talk him down." "Bella ⎯" "Please, Edward. Please just let me get it out." He nodded. "He had a knife. I don't know what he planned to do. He just kept talking about how much he hated me ⎯ How much he wished he had never met me. He pushed me against a tree and placed one of his hands around my throat. It all happened so fast. I saw he had placed the knife in his pocket and grabbed it. The next thing I knew; I had stabbed him, not once, but three times." "Bella!" "I watched him die." I whispered the words, but they still sounded loud to my ears. "Then I came home, I came home and I showered. I sat in my shower for hours." ⎯ I gasped between tears ⎯ "I didn't know what to do. I couldn't call the police. I knew I would be charged. I fucking sat there and watched the life drain out of him." " Bella. " Edwards whisper broke me. "I'm so sorry!" I fell to the floor, pulling my knees up to my chest and started to rock. "I'm so sorry Edward." I heard him leave the bed; raising my head, I watched him kneel in front of me. "Bella. Where's Jake now?" "I buried him." Wiping more tears; I looked into his eyes. "I'm sorry Edward, I'm sorry, but I love you. I love you and I couldn't stand lying to you any longer." "Bella, listen to me," Large hands cupped my face. "Where did you bury him?" "In the woods, I buried him where he died." He placed a kiss on my forehead. "Charlie helped, didn't he?" Jumping up, I pushed him away. "What!? No! I did it. I did it all on my own. No one helped me!" I shouted, between hiccups. "That's why he isn't too happy with you dating me; he didn't want me to find out. He's trying to protect you." "No." I shook my head. Grabbing hold of my arms; he pulled me close, as he kissed my lips I closed my eyes, savoring the moment. I was sure to lose him now . "I'll fix it, don't worry." My eyes opened in shock. "W-w-w… What?" I stammered. After kissing me again; he pulled back to look into my eyes. "I love you, Bella. I knew I loved you on our first date when you danced with me. I love you and I will fix this. Don't be scared, I'll make sure no one finds out." "Edward. No." I grabbed his hands. "You can't." Ignoring what I just said; he kisses me again. "I love you, baby." He turns, still naked and grabs my cell phone. Pressing a few buttons he places it to his ear, walking over to me, he places a single kiss my forehead. "I'll fix it." Walking out of my bedroom; he speaks into the phone. "Charlie. We need to talk!"