maybe he was hiding your stuff, and that's why it was lost?" Edward nodded. "I did, so one day I hid stuff around the house and did the same thing. He found it all," he said, smiling smugly. "You seem kinda proud." "I totally am, but that's how he got his name." "What kind of pit bull is he?" "He's a blue nose." "I love that he's brindle. He's so cute." "Yeah, he's also a huge flirt. That's why he was being a perv and watching you sleep." They both laughed. "So, how did you meet Emmett?" "We went to high school together and hung out a few times, but lost touch when he went to Michigan. Anyways, when he was in Seattle after getting signed, he looked me up. I'm visiting with my parents during the summer, so we're hanging out." "Oh, you live in Seattle? What do you do there?" "I'm actually in school still. Studying to be a doctor. This fall is the beginning of my last year in school. I get my PH.D then I have two years of residency." "Wow, what kind of doctor?" "Pediatrician or an orthopedist." Bella looked impressed and nodded. Edward smiled. "So, what are you studying in school?" "This fall is my last year as well. I'm getting my masters of arts in English." Edward looked he was going to ask her another question, but Emmett's door opened and he was dressed to go to breakfast. "Hey, Em. You look good." "Aw, don't make me blush." "Well, I should probably get going." "Ed, man, you're not coming?" Em asked. "I thought it was just a thing you two did." "No, we're meeting Ali and Jazz there," Bella added. "Yeah, it's been forever since you've seen Ali cat." Em smiled. Edward still looked unsure. Em looked at Bella and nodded. Bella turned towards Edward with an adorable pout, and her big brown eyes looked sorrowful. "Please, Edward. You wouldn't want to hurt my feelings, would you?" Edward looked shocked. "No, I don't want to hurt your feelings," he said, panicked. Bella gave him a sweet smile. "Good, so you'll come." Edward nodded dumbly. Emmett and Bella laughed and she walked out of the room. "What just happened?" "That's how she gets what she wants. Don't worry, all men, and some women, are powerless against it. Women are mind ninjas, and she is a professional." Edward shook his head. "I feel like my brain just got screwed." He and Emmett laughed together. Bella came back in the room with their coats. "Let's go." "What about Sherlock?" "I blocked off a section of the living room for him with his toys. He is fine." With nothing further to argue, they left. When they got to Golden Corral, Alice was already waiting outside. Bella got out of Em's jeep and was tackled by the little pixie. "Damn, Pix. Can't wait 'til you're alone to molest her," Emmett joked. Ali gave a sarcastic smile and punched him in the arm. She pulled her hand away, grimacing and shaking her hand. "Why you gotta flex?" "Cause you hit hard. Nice to see you too, Sis." He picked her up in a big bear hug. "Em, put me down or I will tell Dad." Em put her down, and murmured what sounded like "daddy's girl." Alice scoffed and linked arms with Bella. "Come on, Bellsy. Jazz is waiting." They all made their way inside, paid, and got their food. When they were all sitting down, Alice noticed Edward. "And who are you? Bella, is he a new friend of yours?" Emmett, Edward, and Bella all laughed. "Well, I did almost see her naked in Em's living room this morning." Alice cocked her head to the side, looking confused. Bella giggled again. "Alice," she said exasperated. "It's Edward." "Holy shit!" she exclaimed, gaining notice from other customers. "Sorry, just wow. Six years has done you well." Edward smiled awkwardly, and Alice continued to stare at him. Jazz cleared his throat loudly. Alice was startled out of her trance. "Jazz! This is my boyfriend, Jasper. You two have met of course." "Yeah, we've hung out a few times over the years." "So, Bella. You were still in Mt. Vernon when Edward was matriculating at Bellingham's finest. Is this your first time meeting?" "For me it is. I guess I was drunk last time we were face to face," Edward explained. "How unfortunate," Alice chirped. "Well, the mistake has been rectified. I will absolutely remember you next time, Bella." Bella blushed and ducked behind her hair, feigning a sudden interest in her plate. Edward was smiling that crooked smile, Em was next to him with those dimples that really should be illegal. Bella gave Em a small smile. He stuck his tongue out and made a funny face. Bella laughed harder than she had in a long time. Edward, Alice, and Jasper caught Em's face. Edward and Jasper chuckled, while Alice just rolled her eyes and smiled. They all sat around catching up, when sadly Em broke the party up. He and Edward had plans, while Bella had packing to do. Before they all left, Edward pulled Bella aside. "Hey. I just wanted to give you this, in case you wanted to talk sometime." He handed her a piece of paper with a number written on it. "Thanks, Edward. It was nice meeting you." "You, too. Bye, Bellsy," he said, adopting Alice's nickname for her. He gave her a crooked smile, and walked away. Em came over and gave her the customary bear hug. "You sure you don't wanna wait 'til we're done, so we can help?" "Yes, I don't have much stuff. It'll be fine, Em." "Alright. I'll see you later, Bells. Call me if you need anything. Later." They gave each other a brief hug and Bella jumped in Alice's car, watching Em walk away. A/N: Just an introductory chapter. Hope you enjoyed it. Leave some love below. Laters.