over to where she was and coaxed her into the corner of the pool. Trapping her between his arms, he kissed her neck, making her shiver. Bella turned around and wrapped her body around him. She could feel him harden more as she rubbed up against him. Her own body started ringing with anticipation. "Please Bella," Carlisle mumbled against her lips, one hand behind her head , while the other held tightly to the side of the pool, "let me feel you. All of you." He wanted to feel her in the most natural way. Something just snapped in her. She suddenly didn't care who saw her in the buff. If Carlisle was happy with what he saw, then she should be too. And it was exactly that which changed it all for her. Bella just nodded in agreement as their remaining articles of clothes were tossed out of the pool. The feeling between them was mutual. Before they had gotten the pool, Carlisle noticed a waterfall that had an alcove in it. With Bella clinging to him like a starfish, he was able to float them to the falls and duck underneath. He didn't care if anyone saw them go in there or if anyone else was inside, but luckily for them, the alcove was empty. Carlisle wasted no time setting Bella on the small shelf and began ravishing her from top to bottom. Bella had never had anyone make her feel this way. Carlisle's fingers and mouth were magical. He played her body like a fine tuned instrument. After catching her breath, she gave Carlisle the same treatment. He never suspected that this shy, beautiful little bird had such a talented mouth, while the sound of the rushing water masked all the moans and sounds of their not-so-innocent activities. They were so into what they were doing, they did not see another couple slip into the alcove. That was until a recognizable voice spoke up, "Damn, Bella," bellowed Emmett, "I didn't know you had it in you!" This was followed by a smack to the back of the head by his girlfriend. Carlisle, who had his eyes closed enjoying the sensation, looked up quickly when Bella stopped her ministrations. He was afraid that his obnoxious friend had really embarrassed her. In reality, it was just the opposite. Bella didn't know where all this courage came from but she couldn't let Emmett have the last word, "You're just jealous, Emmett, 'cause you didn't ask me first!" And then she promptly returned to what she was doing as if nothing happened. She didn't know how many times she had come upon those two doing all sorts of questionable things. Carlisle just grinned at Emmett and flipped him off. All that did was cause Emmett to laugh. As the shock wore off Rose began laughing at Bella's comment; she couldn't get over the big change in her friend. This wasn't the same shy girl who didn't want to come here. Rose turned towards her monkey man. "I swear, Emmett, you are so uncouth at times. I don't know what I see you!" Rose told him, trying to keep a straight face. "Ah, Rosie, you know you love me!" he replied with a goofy grin rubbing his head again. Rose couldn't disagree with that statement and proceeded to kiss the daylights out of him. Carlisle pulled Bella up as soon as she finished and kissed her senseless. "Little bird, do you know the difference between being naked and being nekkid?" he asked with their foreheads touching. Kissing the tip of his nose , she answered, "No." "Naked means you don't have any clothes on. Nekkid , as they say in the south , means you have no clothes on and up to something. What do you say we go back to your room and get up to something?" Carlisle suggested with another kiss." Bella couldn't get out of the pool fast enough! Carlisle grabbed their clothes and followed Bella as they ran to her room. She didn't care that she just streaked across the resort buck naked-or nekkid as the case may be-and everyone saw her. After all, the name of the place was called Streakers for a reason, and she was just living up to the name. A/N: Well there you go, Cruiz, I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it! I want to thank a few people. First to Vampmama for all of her hard work in organizing FAGE007. Second, I want to give a big hug and kiss to my Beta Boosboys for helping me clean my messes up at the last minute. And a special thank you to a dear friend of mine. J.J. is my computer guru and techie and without him, there was no way I was going to be able to get this out. Right after signing up for this, my laptop screen went out. The only whay I could type was going over to his house on Sundays (my only free day) and borrow a monitor. Luckily, he got in a small netbook that he let me borrow this last week. I am forever grateful to him. A note about this story, I picked this prompt due to the fact that I live just a couple of miles from a nudist camp. I have been out there a couple of times and all I can say is that sometimes you see things you wish you hadn't. The residents there are of the older generation, if you get what I mean! LOL So I decided to cross them with a Sandals resort to get Streakers. And it didn't help that the song "The Streak" by Ray Stevens kept running though my head! Look it up on Youtube if you get a chance! Let me end this by saying thank you for reading and don't forget to leave a review to let me know what you think! Until next time, CC