already spread out on the floor. Both of us sat on the floor, propped up against the couch as she laid on the blanket. We sat back and just watched for a few minutes, but then Edward got on his stomach as well, face to face with her. I loved watching them together, and Mila brought out a side of Edward that I'd never seen before. Even with all the stress of being a new, first-time parent, Edward seemed more easy going that before. Esme showed up less than half an hour later, and she came bearing lunch. She must have let herself in through the garage, and joined us out of the porch. "Hi, guys. Sorry to drop in unannounced, but I wanted to bring lunch." "That's okay." I stood up from my spot and gave her a quick hug. "It's good to see you." Esme smiled at her son and granddaughter, who were both still on the floor. "I didn't know I'd be interrupting playtime!" "All day is playtime for Mila," Edward teased, picking her up and following us back into the house. "When she's not sleeping, eating, or filling her diaper, that is." "Like I said, I didn't want to bother you, but I know it's always nice to not have to cook when you've got a new baby on your hands. This is just lasagna, but I made a big pan so you can have it for dinner too, and freeze the leftovers if you want." "Thank you, Esme. We really appreciate it." "You're welcome, dear. Let me know if you need anything else." She started to gather the rest of her things up to leave, but Edward stopped her. "Stay, Mom. Have you had lunch yet? You could join us." She hesitated for a moment. "Are you sure?" "We're sure." I spoke up. "You haven't seen Mila since the day before yesterday, and we really do appreciate you coming by with lunch." Our families had obviously been trying to give us time alone at home with the baby, but had still been popping in from time to time. But they were never overbearing, and it was infrequent enough that we didn't mind them. We understood, after all, that they already loved Mila, and that she was the first baby in the family. Esme opened her arms for the baby, and Edward carefully handed her over. Previously, Edward had expressed concerns that his mother would get to handsy with the baby, and overstep. But he had relaxed about it once Mila was actually born, and seemed to understand that everyone just wanted time with the new baby. I think he had realized that everyone, especially the grandparents, just wanted to be involved and that it was totally natural. He had also finally explained some of his concerns to his mom, and she had promised to take her cues from us. We didn't want to keep Mila from her family, but this was still a special time for us and we didn't want a houseful of guests every single day. "So, she's a week old!" Esme exclaimed, smiling down at the baby. "How are you two doing? And is she doing well?" Edward smiled at his mom as he loaded lasagna onto his plate. "We're doing okay. We expected to be sleep deprived, although actually feeling it is different. But she's a good baby, and likes to be held." "She definitely has a sweet temperament so far," I added. "Thank god." "And she's a happy baby. It's adorable, Mom. She's starting to mimic facial expressions- look." He got close to Mila's face and stuck his tongue out at her again, and just like before, she mimicked him after a moment. Esme laughed, and leaned down to kiss Mila's cheek. "So precious." "She seems to like to look at us, too, but mostly just our mouths when we talk to her. No eye contact, yet," Edward added. "Oh, that's normal. That won't come for a few more weeks. You were probably too little to remember, but Emmett's eyes were crossed a lot when he was a newborn, so he didn't make eye contact for over a month! It was the funniest thing." I snuck a quick peak over at Mila, relieved to see that her eyes weren't crossed like her Uncle Emmett's. "Speaking of Emmett, we were thinking of having a birthday dinner for him next week. I know you too won't be ready to leave the baby, so we're just going to do it at Peter and Charlotte's house. That way, Mila can come along. And you don't have to stay the whole time." Edward glanced over at me hesitantly. "I don't know…that would be Mila's first trip out of the house." "No, she goes to the pediatrician tomorrow afternoon," I reminded him. "So it would be her second trip…that makes it a little easier." "You're okay with going?" A big part of me wanted to just stay at home with my baby forever, but I nodded. "It'll be fine." I knew it was silly, but truth be told, I was nervous about it, too. However, I think we both knew that the best way to overcome nerves over things like this was to just do it. We'd go to dinner, but maybe not arrive early and leave after everyone was done eating. Mila would, after all, be less than two weeks old, and we were nervous first time parents. Esme seemed to understand, and told us to just arrive in time for dinner to be served at six. She left shortly after finishing lunch, and the three of us continued with our day. I felt a little coped up in the house, but there was also a part of me that didn't want to burst the cozy little bubble we'd been living in. … … Thank you for reading! Please let me know what you thought of the chapter. Hope to see you all again soon!