it off. Mom's groans stop, and from where she lays on the couch without a bottle of wine she looks up at me, her hand wrapped around a infamous bottle of Jameson whiskey, something we only used on Christmas's. Mom's wine 'cellar' obviously ran out. "What you do that for, Heidi?" She groans loudly. "Have you seen Lucas at all?" "Who?" She moans as I rip open the closed curtains, she instantly closes her eyes as I lift up the blind. "Y0ur eldest son, Mom." I say, flinching as she stands up pulling her vintage kimono night gown over her shoulder pouring some whiskey into her tea cup. "Nope. Nope. Not at all." She mopes. "What's the little shit done now?" "He's not a little shit." I feel like I have stand up for him. "Sam Uley is having a little 'chat' with him. A chat that could turn him into a little shit." Mom turns around toward me with such a look of disgust - and for once I'm actually impressed, does this mean maybe she'll sober up and come down and fish Lucas from Sam Uley's evil grip? "Sam Uley is a good man." I'm shocked. "Sam Uley was the first man looking out for your Dad, all night! Sam Uley protects this Rez every night from the evil that took your Dad!" Her voice slowly rises from an angry snarl to a loud shout - something I've never heard from her. "If your Dad had listened to Sam Uley maybe he'd be here!" I stare at her shocked. It's the first time she's made a statement about it with someone else being there. I cocked my head to the side - what did Sam Uley have to do with Dad? Dad's interests were within Billy Black and the council and even my Mom's older sister's husband Harry, Harry had died not long after Dad's disappearance of a heart attack. If my Dad had been here, I'd say he would have made out it was some supernatural reason why Harry passed - but it wasn't and I found myself having to convince myself daily my Dad's books were fiction as much as he tried to convince me otherwise. My younger brother Brady believed in every word my Dad said. Only sometimes, my Dad would let one of us trek along with him on is 'business' holidays, I'd went only once. I was thirteen and I'd assumed it was just a quick trip to Rome and maybe to Venice if I was lucky but he'd dragged me to some small town within Tuscany, it would have been okay if he'd at least brought me to Pisa or Florence but he made me stay in the small B&B with some Italian woman who spoke nothing but Italian and broken English and had garlic everywhere. Even worse, her and Dad got on like a house on fire because they both believed in Vampires. The last holiday he'd brought one of us on, (the rest had been alone) he'd brought Brady. It was back to the small village in Tuscany and it was meant to be for longer than the week he'd brought me, maybe two he'd said but he had never booked return tickets. We didn't get a call for almost a week and two days until my Dad and Brady landed on the doorstep. My Dad had never looked so happy, and without even saying hello he rushed to his office to write his book. Brady had lived like I had for the short holiday. In a small bedroom with the Italian woman who believed in Vampires. My Dad's last ever holiday had been to Romania for just a week. Short and sweet, he'd said upon arrival home. He'd brought home three diary entries worth of 'facts', and of course there was no way in heaven he'd let us read them. Even Mom wasn't allowed read his precious diaries. When the police got involved they had to read them but of course they didn't believe a word of it. It was all about 'vampires' and their 'history' and the families within the world my Dad had created. I didn't blame them, I don't think anyone did. Then Brady stopped believing, and I didn't blame him either. Something in his younger years that had brought him so much joy, had now been ruined forever. "What does Sam Uley have to do with Dad?" I ask, frowning. I cross my arms quickly and stare at her deeply. "Nothing!" She attempts to save herself. She can't even make eye contact but I've noticed she's sobered up a bit because she's not crying angry tears, or regretful tears she's just crying. "I'm drunk! Can't you leave me alone?!" "Do the police know?" I bark. "Do they know about Sam Uley and Dad?" "No!" She shouts back at me. "No, and you can't tell them. We owe our lives to Sam Uley, Heidi. Our lives." "Our lives? What the fuck, Mom? Is there some gang land war going on in La Push that Dad got caught up in?" "No!" Mom shouts again. "Keep your voice down, will you? If the neighbors were to hear.." "Hear what?" I can't help but want to punch the wall. I clench my fists. "You aren't telling me anything! No one tells me anything in this house!" "I am not telling you anything, you're right there." Mom's voice is quiet. "Because it isn't your business, Heidi. It's absolutely none of your business." She starts walking to the door but not before I grab her arm. "He's my Dad. Of course it's my business, what are you talking about?" I yell. She looks like she's about to explode before she opens the door again, and leave. I can hear the front door opening and her hesitating before she leaves. "I'm going to Sue's." I can't stop myself now, I let my clenched fist punch the wall as hard as I can.