his nipples as I lick and nip my way up his neck. I make my moans louder in time with his thrusts and feel him jump inside me in response. He's so sexy, droplets of sweat running down his chest and stomach and mixing with mine as he moves inside of me. I pant and moan into his ear, sucking on the lobe strongly as I purposely clench around him. "Shit, so sexy...Fuck, I'm gonna...Fucking hell, Bella—" he rambles. "You gonna come for me, baby?" I whisper sultrily, running my tongue around the rim of his ear, and his hands tighten almost painfully on my thigh and breast as his breathing picks up, his hips thrusting into me even harder. "Fuck, yea. So close, baby..." "Then give it to me," I whisper with a nip to the skin right below his ear and one last squeeze of my pussy. "Bella...Ah...Fuck!" he grunts, his hips slamming into mine twice before he freezes. I finally feel him get even harder and swell inside of me then begin pulsing, filling me with his warmth as he shakes and jerks against me with a choppy, prolonged groan. "Yes," I moan, grabbing his ass to pull him more firmly against me and quaking as his orgasm triggers another, smaller one for me. We kiss sloppily as we ride our pleasure out together, moaning our satisfaction. Once we've both finished he leans against me heavily, panting against my neck. We stay this way, the door supporting us as our breathing and heart rates return to normal, the sweat on our bodies drying. Finally he lets out a satisfied sigh and drops a kiss on my neck and moving up to my lips. "That was amazing," he murmurs before kissing me gently. "Mmmhmm," I hum as I kiss him back, just moving my lips in gentle suction with his. He lifts his head and we both smile at each other lazily. We both let out a small sound of displeasure as he slips out of me and I grimace as I feel the sticky liquid begin dripping slowly down my inner thigh. He swiftly grabs his jeans from the floor and pulls out a napkin, batting my hands away when I reach for it and kneeling down to the ground to clean me up gently. My throat chokes and I feel a jolt to my heart as he finishes and places a single kiss on the small patch of hair right above my clit before standing back up in front of me. He reaches a hand up, brushing a stray strand of hair from my face, his smile dropping as he studies me seriously with those intense green eyes. My heart pounds as he opens his mouth to speak. "Bella...I..." Right then, the bell signifying the end of lunch rings and we jump, brought out of our sensual cocoon. He sighs heavily, pulling away from me, and I instantly feel bereft and cold without him pressed against me. He runs a hand through his hair before clearing his throat. "I guess I better get going before people start wondering where I am. It won't do for the teacher to be late to class," he says. I nod reluctantly, a lump in my throat as we both grab our clothes and get dressed swiftly. I'm suddenly battling tears and I have no idea why. When we're finished getting dressed he pulls me to him again, pressing another kiss against my lips before gazing down at me with eyes that have gone back to their usual bright emerald green. They positively gleam at me and I blink rapidly, trying to clear my head. "I needed that. Thanks, Sweets," he whispers. "No. Thank you," I say back dazedly, and a lopsided smirk appears on his face. "And for these, too," he says, and my eyes focus on his hand holding my small pair of black lace panties. "Hey!" I say, reaching for them, but he's faster than me as he steps back and stuffs them deep in the pocket of his slacks, then opens the door and slips out into the hallway, walking backwards with his hand obviously still holding onto my panties. "See ya around, Sweets. Don't be late to class," he says quietly with a wink, and I gape at him as he turns around and disappears around the corner. A moment later I step out of the closet, every hair back in place and clothes put together perfectly. The only sign of my rendezvous is a slight blush and the titillating feeling of cool air blowing between my legs. With a look both ways, I clear my throat and walk back toward the cafeteria, casually falling into step with my friends and falling into conversation about the upcoming party easily. "You get your assignment finished?" Alice asks, falling behind the group and eyeing me a little suspiciously, and I smile, feeling a slight blush rise on my cheeks. "Yea. I finished," I answer, and she studies me for a second before nodding and jumping back into the conversation. It's almost as if the whole thing never happened except for the glimpse of a large hand twirling an apple out of the corner of my eye before it disappears into the crowd of students. So what's my secret, you ask? It's simple. Yet it's also the most complicated thing in the world. He's Edward Cullen. He's eleven years older than me and his sister, my new best friend Alice. He's my chemistry teacher. He's everything I shouldn't have. And I'm hopelessly in love with him. So there's the first chapter! I don't have an update schedule, but I've already got a good portion written out. Have you every had a huge secret you had to keep? I'll show you mine if you show me yours ;P Please hit that little review button and let me know what you thought and if I should continue! Thanks for reading. -Lexi