guest room, so reassigned me to the top floor." Caleb sighed. "She also wanted to give the girl with the leg injury the fewest stairs to climb," Leah mercilessly pointed out. "I suppose," Caleb sighed again dramatically, and he, Leah, Jake and Quil followed me inside. Brady muttered about wanting to go check on the hamburgers closed the door behind us. I loved my room. It was beautiful, with the wooden beams across the ceiling and bright blue paint on the walls. My view faced the forest, and my window was just a little ways up from the ground. "You can see more from the upper windows," Caleb explained, a little embarrassed. "But with your leg and all we thought-" "I love it." I cut him off. "This is a truly magical place. I'll have to thank your Granny, since I'm sure you didn't pick out the matching curtains and bed spread. Is she here?" Caleb shook his head. "She's in Seattle this week visiting my parents. She'll be back Sunday, and is looking forward to meeting you." "I'll have to prepare supper for her that night at least to show my thanks," I thought out loud. Caleb laughed. "You don't have to cook, even if you are much better at it than I. Come on – let me show you the surprise. It's in the basement." Still followed by Jake and Quil, who declared they wanted to see the finished product and my reaction to it, Caleb gently helped me down the stairs. When we reached the bottom, Caleb put his hands over my eyes, I heard some one open a door, and Caleb guided me through. He led me into an open space and then took his hands off my eyes. I gasped and almost started crying. I couldn't believe it. The setting sun shown through open windows on my left, and on my right was more of the same. In front of me were big full wall mirrors, and in their reflection I saw two mobile barres and a sound system. "Everything was installed today and yesterday," Caleb was explaining. "Everyone helped out, but Embry did a lot of the work on the floor and for the barres to make them smooth." I looked down at the wood floor and kicked off my shoes to feel its smoothness through my socks. "It's beautiful," I pirouetted to my right, away from Caleb, ignoring the sting in my left knee as I pushed off. The one thing that had me so concerned about coming to stay with Caleb was how he had no space to really practice. I lost sleep with worry about where I would do my exercises and start to learn the routines I needed to know. "The sun will rise through those windows," Caleb pointed to the wall on the right. I stopped spinning and smiled. "We can do our warm ups in here." "I'm working on us being able to use the Port Angeles ballet studio when we really need to practice, but for what we need now this should be fine. Is the surprise worth it?" He asked anxiously. "Maybe," I replied mischievously. "There's just one test to make." I went en point, my right leg supporting almost all of my body weight and my left just keeping me balanced. To my delight Caleb came up and led me through a promenade and into a couple of pirouettes. I laughed when he lifted me up over his head, and I moved into a poisson. He felt the shift and slowly walked me around in a circle. I felt him shift and I dropped into a fish dive, safely in his arms, where we stayed for a second before we became aware of the applause. Leah, Jacob, Quil, Claire and yet another tall man were standing in the doorway watching us. "That was beautiful!" Claire exclaimed. "I'm just glad that the ceiling isn't a few inches lower, and that my partner isn't a few inches taller," I said ruefully. "Otherwise you wouldn't have been able to toss me the little that you did." "I'm glad that my arms are getting back to their strength. I felt your body tense while in the lift and I assumed your knee was hurting." Caleb added. "It was, but it was worth it to be lifted by you again!" I replied, hugging Caleb. He helped me walk over to the group as I explained. "The guy they pared me with in Caleb's absence was…" "Abysmal?" Caleb suggested. "I was going to say full of himself, but that works too." I looked around the room as the light faded. "I love this gift Caleb. Thank you so much." "Don't thank me – you should thank Embry." He stopped in front the one whose name I didn't know. "He did most of the work." "Well then," I took Embry's hand, and his eyes drifted, embarrassed, to the floor. "Thank you Embry. This is beyond anything I could have dreamed." He opened his mouth to speak, and then he looked directly into my eyes. His jaw dropped. . . A/N: For awhile I've thought a lot about the "Imprinting" situation from Twilight. Stephanie Myers has really weird ideas about love, to my mind, and Imprinting is certainly up there. It seems that most imprinting goes with out a hitch - it's like Disney love at first sight, except stronger. While we can imagine some drama, the guy gets the girl with out a hitch at the end. I wanted to play around with that, and to see what would happen if an Imprintee was some one who had an established career, was incredibly dedicated to that career, and lived on the other side of the country. With in these parameters, there are no easy decisions. I will be posting once a month, on the first of every month, at least. Please let me know what you think so far. Thanks for reading!