of his mouth with his fingertips, and then stood up. "Good evening, little children." The tall man released Seraphina, and shoved her into the center of the room. The other dark-haired man released Johanna, and pushed her to the middle as well. "Heidi?" "Both of these girls were in my tour group, but somehow ," She sent a glare to both of the girls as they reached for each other. "They got away." I heard them talking in the reception area, and went back to collect them. They were originally for Jane." "I bet I can squeeze two more in…" Jane hissed, licking her lips. Johanna shuddered visibly, wrapping her arms around Seraphina. "We got lost," Seraphina squeaked. "You got…lost." The man repeated. Seraphina nodded. "The grown-ups walk too fast," The man nodded slowly, and walked down the marble steps slowly. "What are your names?" "I'm Seraphina, and this is Johanna." Johanna peeked out from her hiding place. "Where did you come from?" Seraphina paused, biting her lip again. "I don't know," The man raised his eyebrows. "You don't…know?" The man walked down the remainder of the steps, and towards the girls. Seraphina rotated Johanna to her backside. "Do not be alarmed; I only wish to see into your memories…" Seraphina crinkled her eyebrows in confusion. "Huh?" The man reached out his hand towards Johanna. "My name is Aro; do not be afraid…" Johanna reached out her hand slowly, and took his. Aro inhaled deeply, and let his gaze wander. Three seconds of silence passed before Aro clicked his tongue. "You poor children, having to suffer so…" Aro began. He released Johanna's hand slowly, and reached for Seraphina's. Seraphina hesitated, but then slowly gave her hand to him. He took another inhale, and concentrated. The silence lasted for several more seconds than the previous one. Aro looked up suddenly; his eyes aflame. "Interesting…" "What is it, brother?" The bored one asked. "Marcus, I cannot seem to access her thoughts…" Aro said, trailing off. "What?" The agitated one snapped. "Be patient, Caius. Her thoughts are like a fog; dense and unclear. My dear, do you have any special…talents?" Seraphina looked confused. "Well…Johanna says that I'm a good storyteller…" Aro chuckled, amused by her naïve answer. "Well then my dear," he turned quickly, and paced back to his throne. "Tell us a story." "Tell the one that you were telling your sister outside," Marcus said. Seraphina took a deep breath. "Well, you see, it only works if I…uh…touch you while I tell it." Aro chuckled once more, and motioned with his hands. "Then come here, my dear Seraphina." Seraphina did not move fast enough, because the next second, she was being pulled towards Aro by the taller of the dark-haired men. "Be careful, Felix." Aro instructed. Felix released Seraphina, and back away. Aro reached down, and picked up Seraphina, placing her on his lap. She shifted awkwardly, and looked away from his piercing eyes. "Look at me, my dear." She slowly moved her eyes to his, letting out a gasp when they met. "Do not be afraid…" Aro grasped her hand again, massaging it with his thumb. "Please begin," She took a deep breath again, looking at Johanna before beginning. "The prince invited all of the girls in the whole village to come to his ball." Aro gasped as a crystal-clear picture filled his mind; his eyes unfocused as he studied the picture. "The princess wasn't allowed to go, because the stepmother didn't want the prince to notice her," Aro's eyes refocused, and flickered around, observing the picture with pure fascination. "Go on," Seraphina paused. "That's all I know," "What do you mean?" "It's a dream I had once. I didn't get to finish it before mama woke me." "What else do you dream, mio cara ?" "What do you mean?" she whispered. "I know that you dream more than just stories," "Well, sometimes I have dreams, and then they happen ," she said. "Visions!" Marcus exclaimed from his throne. "Vision indeed," Aro muttered. The room fell silent once more as Aro lost himself in thought. He broke the silence a few moments later. "Excuse me, Seraphina, but I must speak to my brothers." Aro released Seraphina's hand, and in an instant, she scrambled off of his lap and back to Johanna. Johanna clutched Seraphina's hand as the three brothers conferred. Thirty seconds later, Aro turned back to them. "Seraphina, would you like to live here, with me and my guard?" "What?" "You possess a wonderful gift; and I would have absolutely no problem with letting you live with us." Aro smiled. "Really?" Seraphina squeaked. "Yes," Seraphina smiled as relief swept through her. A place to live… "Wait," she said. Aro's smile flickered. "What about Johanna?" "She-" "I'm not coming without her." She stated. Aro paused, eyeing the two of them. "All right, I see no issue. Your sister may stay with us as well. Sulpicia?" A woman stepped out from Heidi's side, and approached Aro. "Yes, mio amore ?" "Take these two to their new room." "Yes, Aro." Sulpicia leaned down slowly, and took their hands carefully. She beamed a smile, and towed them out of the throne room. "Brother, are you sure this is wise?" Caius asked. "She's got a power that I've wanted for a long time…" Aro replied. "Now I can stop bothering Miss Cullen." "But they're little girls ! Humans, at that! They'll be nothing but a nuisance." "Not to Sulpicia," Marcus interjected. Caius' head spun to him. "I can see a bond already growing between the three of them." Aro sighed. "Sulpicia has always wanted a little girl, and now she has two. I don't believe that I can deny her the one thing she's always wanted." "Then it's settled; the girls will stay." Marcus concluded. "Who knows? Maybe the elder will be of value to us someday…" With that, the three leaders of the Volturi stood, and retired to their chambers after a full day.