filling it. The laminate counter top with its hideous beige and salmon coloring, the flecked cork floor, the ridiculous back splash, its tiles depicting drawings of zucchinis and potatoes and squash—it's a memorial to the poor taste of interior design in the late seventies. I poke a finger into the cool soil. "Is there even anything in you?" It's supposedly some kind of bulb—maybe a tulip or daffodil. I wouldn't put it past Emily to give Maggie—or myself—an empty pot. She'd amuse herself at the thought of us standing over it, watering it, feeding it, getting impatient, wondering why the hell nothing was growing … But Maggie? A gift we can't yet see isn't her usual style. She's more the "ornately flowering, exotic species found only in specialist nurseries" kind of girl. I grab the half-empty glass of water from beside the sink and drizzle it over the pot. As the liquid soaks into the soil, I imagine a tiny green tendril uncurling. I imagine it lengthening, pushing its way upward, seeking light and warmth and life. I relocate it to the breakfast nook and set it on the pine table that actually belongs outdoors. There's even a hole in the center for an umbrella stand. With the linen tablecloth thrown over the top, its rotting picnic-table-look is almost disguised. Unfortunately the bench seats, in need of a good sanding, give its intended use away. I've often thought of adding padding to these benches for comfort and for a more indoor aesthetic. This has fallen to at least thirty-seventh on my Jacob's Ladder. I raise the shade over the large window behind the table so the plant can bask in sunshine. From underuse, the shade sticks a few times before it allows me to release it. The window offers an expansive view of my backyard and is therefore rarely bare. I aim my attention at the pot of dirt, visualize how it might look when color shoots from it, when the flower opens up. I lean closer and touch a tile, sort of tickle it. "Grow, little sprout." I shake my head at myself. I'm spending my Friday morning conversing with a potted plant. The splashes of sunlight over the floor warm my feet as I wander to my back door. It squeaks as I slide it open. A breeze brings me the mixed scents of my neighbors' well-tended gardens—lavender and jasmine and the heady perfume of Mrs. Banner's much-vaunted gardenias. I sigh at my original two trees as if it's their fault the yard hasn't been improved since day one. I narrow my eyes at the fence-lining bushes, overgrown, their feet spattered with lanky sun-gold poppies and weeds. Those weeds sprawl across the yard. I can almost see them reaching toward my toes as I stand here. The grass—long enough to tickle my calves should I step out, something I haven't done for weeks—is slowly but surely succumbing to the invasion. On the other side of the fence, Mr. Crowley takes off his bucket hat, the same kind my dad wears, and waves it up at me. I return the wave. "Workin' out back today, too?" he calls to me, hope lightening his typically scratchy voice. "Nice day for it." "No time," I shout back. I point to my watch. "Work." "I'd help you out. It's my knees. Damn arthritis. Limits my work time." Too stubborn for a cane, he grips a big walking stick to assist him in his trek up and down the slope of the hill. Last year, he presented the stick to me across his two palms as if it were a jeweled scepter, explained where he found it by the creek, how he varnished the thing. He makes his way closer to the fence and I meet him there. "Should you even be doing your own yard? Where's Tyler?" The last time his grandson was in town, Mr. Crowley sent him over here with orders to tame the jungle behind my house. But now that spring has taken hold, everything is growing faster, the greenery flourishing. Who can keep up? "No break for a few weeks." His voice has thickened up again. "He's looking toward exams. I don't mind the work. All worth it in the end. Your yard? It's an extension of yourself." He passes a concerned glance over my yard. "An extension of yourself?" "Who do you think chose what's planted in my garden? Who put that bench in over there?" He points behind him, the bench under a trellis of climbing vines. "A nice escape from the missus." His laugh is throaty. I nod, turning from him, my gaze wandering my yard. This extension of myself. It feels too true. It's enough to make me shudder. "Anyway," he says. "The garage'll be open if you need my mower later." "Will do." I wave goodbye as he gets back to his weeding or pruning. I think I actually mean it for once. I will use his mower. He usually manicures my front yard when he does his own. He claims he likes doing it. He's always wanted a granddaughter, he tells me. He'd do my backyard if he could. But I wouldn't ask him or expect him to. Besides, my yard needs more than a good mow. It needs an overhaul. "Maybe it's time," I say as if someone else is listening, catching my words, mulling them over, and will speak to me in return, offer me what I need to hear or want to hear, or both. "It is time," I say, speaking for this ethereal being—my validation. At the office I run an internet search and dial the first number listed. "Stanley's Landscape Design," a perky yet bored voice answers, as if the perkiness is rehearsed. "Gianna speaking." Thank you for reading. More to come! We don't have a posting schedule at this time, but we're aiming for once a week or once every other week as our schedules permit.