13 million, leaving all of us without so much as a penny." I tell, I really don't want to hurt her. I'm not a bad person, I just want to have a little fun. "What if I tell them all about your plan, huh? What then? Did you think about that?" "Fine, you don't have to be a part of it, I won't force you. But I highly suggest that you take your money and Kate and get the hell out of here before I change my mind." I inform her and she quickly runs into her room to grab her stuff. I grab a butcher knife off the counter, just like in the kitchen it's just going to be for show but I can't have the police questioning anything. I want to have fun, not expose us. I calmly walk into her room, cracking my jaw as I watch her franticly pack. "Oh and Rose, I prefer the term psychotic." She got in my way, so I removed her, and now I'm free to play. They won't even see it coming. Game on, bitches. A scream rang from the living room, breaking through the darkness, echoing throughout the enormous house, making everybody run towards the room to see Jacob's body pinned to the wall with a knife, a heart shaped box laying next to his feet and a message written on the wall in his blood. IT'S OPEN SEASON ON LIARS AND I. AM. HUNTING. Alice hesitantly picked up the box and opened it only to scream and stagger back a few feet, dropping the box, grabbing onto Jasper. When Alice had dropped the box it had tilted open, revealing its contents which was… a real heart, Jacob's heart. Everybody screamed in disgust before Emmett started freaking out. "Oh God, there's a murderer in the house! I don't want to be killed! I wanted to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather. Not screaming and yelling like his passengers in his car!" He shouted, running around the room, flailing his arms "Emmett, you can't sleep." Bella reminded him gently "Oh… right. Woops, my bad." And that was when Charlie rushed into the room, waving his gun around, wildly, in a manic fashion and saw Jake pinned to wall, gruesomely and his jaw tightened. With Jake dead, Bella was definitely going to marry that Edmund boy now. This just got personal. Time to start putting the clues together. (Cue Eye of the Tiger) Charlie walked into Rosalie's room, intent on figuring this out, once and for all. He looked around the room and caught sight of something under her bed; he grabbed it and saw it was a stuffed monkey with a bloody E on it. He once again had three suspects: Esme: But why would she kill her own daughter? That doesn't make any sense. Emmett: This would be the second time he had appeared as one of the suspects but… Flashback Charlie entered the room, getting ready to interrogate Emmett, and saw him talking to Jake who looked incredibly annoyed. "Hey, I dare you to drink from the toilet." Emmett told Jake whose hands were twitching towards Emmett's neck like he wanted to strangle him. "Why the hell would I do that?" Jake asked, incredulous "… I double dare you." Charlie promptly did a roundabout and exited the room, shaking his head, thinking to himself: "Apparently, steroids really do damage the brain. God, that boy is an idiot." End Flashback No just no. Which only left… Edward: He didn't get along with Rosalie, according to the family they were constantly at each other's necks. Can't forget the most important part, he would just love to arrest that douche bag. Oh, to see him in handcuffs, to put him in the cruiser and take him somewhere to never be seen again. Sigh, to dream the impossible dream. Got to find evidence. With those thoughts in mind, Charlie ducked his head beneath the bed in search of more clues and caught a peek of some strands of… something on the other side of the bed. He quickly got up and marched over to the other side and carefully picked up Rosalie's hand to see strands of hair. He grabbed the strands and noticed the very familiar color. Case Solved. Charlie marched out of the house, escorting a handcuffed… Edward who was shouting at the top of his lungs. "I didn't do it! It was the bird, I tell you! It was the bird! Bella, you have to believe me! Bella!" Bella just shook her head in resignation, sighing sadly at the sight of someone who had so clearly lost his mind. It was just so sad. "Hello, Chief Swan, I'm Agent Tyler and this is my partner Agent Perry, we've been looking for this punk for awhile, so we'll be taking it from here." The shorter Agent told Charlie who handed him over without arguing. Edward however started struggling when he realized that the so called FBI Agents were actually hunters, the shorter one noticed the panic and smirked at him before injecting him with Dead Man's Blood and they loaded him into the Impala and drove away. "Hey, Charlie, maybe you could forget about certain things you found in the house if we promise to never do it again?" Emmett asked, hopefully, and Charlie saluted him, winking and placing his finger to his lips in the universal signal for keeping a secret and drove away. Emmett walked over to Alice's side and they both looked back at the house they had come to love, nostalgically. "I'm going to miss this place." Emmett sighed sadly before offering his arm to her "Shall we?" "We shall." And with that they walked to the car where the rest of the family was waiting. Emmett once again looked at the house, cracked his jaw and grinned, smugly. THE END…? Please Review. I do not own anything you recognize. Xxx Dark Goddess2000 Xxx