"Oh fuckity fuck, fuck I am so sorry Edward." I grabbed her by the hips and kept the motion going as I neared my own climax. "I am sorry I didn't hear you, you're what?" "I am sorry… ooohhhh God I am sorry that I embarrassed you at your parrrrrrrrtttyy." She yelled as her knees started to buckle and she fell flat against her stomach as I built her climax up and we came together. I quickly pulled out of her smacking her ass one last time as I pulled the condom off, walked into the loo, and flushed it. I don't have time for any illegitimate bastards running around. I walked out of the loo and saw Tanya pulling her thong up, clearly I hit her spot just right because she could barely stand up straight. "That was just smashing, babe. I can't wait for us to get married so we can make love every night." She said with this bright arse smile on her face. "Where in bloody hell did you hear that?" I snapped unable to control myself. "I never said I was planning to marry you Tanya, you're just a convenient fuck." "Well daddy called me up today and told me that you were considering proposing to me since you have to be married by your 25th birthday." She said sitting down on the couch and crossing her legs. "I mean it's no secret that we've been seeing each other we've been all over the tabs for years." "Being associated with you and marrying you are two very different things. Your father was mistaken, if and or when I get married it'll be to someone of my choosing not Aro's. You can let him know I said so in case he didn't get my message earlier." I said smacking her thigh before turning to leave grabbing the empty cup off the table. "Oh and Tanya, next time you embarrass me or my family again, the punishment won't be this pleasant." I said before walking through the door and back to my party. I made my way through the crowd towards the bar; I can't believe Aro and Tanya really think they can weasel their way into my family by using that outdated law against me, and I keep making the situation worse thinking with the wrong head every time I am around Tanya. I asked the bartender for two tequila shots and to keep them coming. "Edward I can't believe after everything that happened today you'd stoop so low and fuck her at your birthday party." Alice said popping up out of nowhere, she was like an annoying psychic fairy. "Alice I know, I don't need you to tell me what a colossal fuck up I am, I get it." I said downing the first shot. "What are you going to do go on a binder and hope the problem goes away? You're being irresponsible Edward and this is not how a future king should be behaving, pull yourself together you're better than this." She said with her hands on her hips as she downed my second tequila shot. "Edward I know you're feeling backed in a corner, but I know that after our holiday in Jamaica for your birthday you'll see that everything will be ok." She said putting the shot glass down rubbing my forearm and walking away. I grabbed another shot off the bar and turned to look at my friends and family having a good time, life is so easy for them without the pressure and responsibility of being heir to the throne. Sometimes I wonder what my life would be like if I abdicated and let Emmett feel the pressure of everything in his life being controlled by other people, bet his arse wouldn't think life's a big party then. I downed the shot before heading towards the lift, I sent Caius a message letting him know that I was at ' Club Oh ' on Irving St and needed a ride back to the palace. I rode the lift back down to the first floor of the club and waited for Caius to arrive. I was sending Alice a quick text letting her know that I was heading back home and that I'd see her in the morning. When I saw the all black Maybach 57 turn at the corner and walked outside as it made its way down the street. As I stood alone on the curb finishing my message to Alice a swarm of paparazzi appeared and I was blinded by about 20 flashes from cameras. "Prince Edward, Prince Edward, are the rumours true that you're marrying Tanya Voltera?" One yelled as he ran down the sidewalk holding a camcorder. "Prince Edward, is it true that you and your siblings are planning a secret holiday to the Caribbean for next week?" Another yelled "Guys come on I am just trying to enjoy my evening, no comment." I said holding my hand up to block the flashes from my eyes. Apparently Caius had called inside to alert the other guards of what was going on because the next thing I knew three RP Agents came rushing out of the club creating a wall between me and the photogs. "Step back or you'll be arrested for harassing the Crown Prince." I heard one of the guards yell as Caius opened the door of the car and I got in. Caius got into the driver's seat and drove away, as my phone started to ring. I looked down and saw Aro Voltera flashing across the screen. Maybe two weeks in Jamaica away from this mess will help me get my shit together. I sat in the backseat lost in my thoughts as we drove through London making our way back to the palace. What could be better than two weeks as just Edward Cullen, no special treatment, no paparazzi, and no responsibility I can't wait to board that jet to freedom.