"Bella, can we come up to play?" Asked the girl in the bright yellow sundress. I had never had girlfriends to play with before, and I was so excited that these' girls actually wanted to. Without a second thought, I threw the ladder down and scooted back to allow them in. One by one they made their way up. The girl with the yellow sundress smiled at me and reached out her small hand. "Hi, I'm Tanya, and this is my twin sister, Rosalie, but you can call her Rose." She smiled. I looked at both girls and was immediately in awe of them. Both girls had straight blond hair, unlike mine, and it was cropped at their shoulders. They both had the same delicate features, except for their eyes. Rosalie had beautiful blue eyes, but Tanya had deep hunter green eyes. "How did you know I was up here or even knew my name?" I asked, shaking Tanya's hand. "Well, it's hard not to know who you are." Rose rolled her eyes. "That's all Edward seems to do now is talk about you." My eyes widened. "You know Edward Cullen?" "Of course we do, he's our little brother, silly," Tanya giggled, picking up one of my dolls. My heart pounded. I should have known he would find a way to get to me, but why did it have to be them? I hurried over to the ladder, afraid that Edward would be down there waiting to climb up. As I was gathering the rope, I heard a familiar intimidating voice. "Bella, let me in, I want to play, too!" The Cullen girls laughed at their brother. "Come on, let's play," Rosalie chirped grabbing a doll herself. End of Flashback There was more than one incident that occurred with Edward Cullen. He was either tackling me to the ground or bullying me to play with him. There have been other occasions where he had locked me up in his room, threatening never to let me go. I had promised myself when I was fourteen that I wouldn't come back, and here I was, unwillingly picking up where I had left off. I shook my head, gathering my wits. If I was going to get through this dinner, I had to be on my guard. I reluctantly started to get ready. I took my toiletries bag, brushing my teeth and hair. I looked into the mirror to note any changes in the past three years. My long brown hair cascaded to my waist, curling and twisting. My pale skin displayed my natural blush across my high cheek bones. My dark brown eyes were deep, but lifeless, as they exposed the turmoil battling inside me. I placed a little concealer under my eyes to hide the dark circles. I had many sleepless nights after I chose to come here. I went back in my room and decided to change out of my sweaty clothes. I picked out a high-waisted red pleated skirt that hit just above my knees and a white sweetheart blouse. "You ready to go, Bells?" Charlie asked from down the hall. "Yeah," I exclaimed, grabbing my jacket. Charlie was dressed in his usual black slacks, but he mixed it up with a white dress shirt. I cocked a brow at him. Charlie shook his head. "Esme didn't like it last time; I showed up in my uniform." I nodded, understanding. Esme always liked her family and guests to dress their best for her dinners. I found that out the hard way when I was ten. Charlie and I walked in silence. I was glad that he didn't blab like Renee. I needed those thirty full seconds to get my breathing evened out before I started to hyperventilate. Charlie rang the doorbell while I fidgeted, straightening my skirt. Not a second later, Esme answered the door with an academy award winning smile. Esme was like the fairy godmother and Snow White rolled into one. She was possibly the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. Her caramel colored hair and green eyes were the exact shade of Edward's. Esme's delicate features were subtle and angelic. "Bella, Charlie, it's so good to see you again," she giggled, throwing her arms around me. I was a little astonished at her actions, although Esme was like the mother everyone dreamed of having. It was still, strange to me how she could be at times. One moment she was baking cookies the next she was void of any emotion. I had to many sleepovers at the Cullen's house to know that something wasn't right about her. She took a step back to look at me. "Look how much you've grown, you look so beautiful," she gushed, brushing my hair from my face. I smiled at her. "Thanks, it's good to see you, too." Esme, being the good hostess she was, invited us in and took our coats. "Charlie, Carlisle is in the den if you want to go find him." The Cullen's house was one of a kind here in Forks. The interior would give any top designer a run for their money. The walls were a pale creamy color with dark hardwood floors in every room. The white furniture was clean cut and soft, the grand staircase was a work of art on its own. Esme wrapped her arm around my shoulders, leaning down she whispered in my ear. "Edward doesn't know you're here. I wanted to keep it a surprise. He's going to be so excited when he sees you tonight," she practically squealed. I, on the other hand, grimaced, why was it that everyone thought of Edward and myself as childhood sweethearts? There was nothing sweet about Edward at all. I wanted to run and hide far, far away from whatever torture he had up his sleeve. I didn't get a chance to bolt, instead I was mesmerized by a man walking downstairs with a shocked look on his face. Edward.