minutes later. I told him it took him long enough - I'd been waiting forever." "Wow," I said in awe. "We've been together ever since. I'll be honest - I had been so lost before him and he found me. He was the best part of my life," she breathed. "Was the accident bad?" "He'll be with me. All that matters is he's coming home," she said vaguely. I nodded, taking in this woman. She exuded a confidence, but her eyes held a pain I couldn't quite place. Maya started moving around again and I started patting around her. "How far along are you?" "Six months." "Your husband's excited," she stated. "That's an understatement. Edward's beyond ecstatic - she'll be spoiled when she gets here," I told her before sucking in a breath. "What is your Edward in here for?" she asked, placing her hand on my shoulder. I felt a calm spread over me. "A heart transplant," I whispered. "This is his second one in ten years; his body was rejecting the donor heart." "This is the second time you're going through this," she said in understanding. "The first time, I was a kid and scared, but none of that compares to what I feel now," I said honestly. She squeezed my shoulder again, gaining my full attention. "You have a strong faith and you need to believe. Tragedies happen, but so do miracles. Always remember that." A beeping noise sounded. She pulled out her phone and grinned. "He's waiting for me." She stood, looking down at me. "Thank you for sitting with me…" "Alice," she offered. "Alice Brandon." "Thanks, Alice. I'm Bella, by the way," I added. "Remember what I told you, Bella," she said. "And Merry Christmas." I glanced up at the clock, noticing it was after midnight. It was Christmas Day. When I turned back to Alice, she was gone. Emmett came bounding through the door a few minutes later. "Are you okay, Bella?" he asked, kneeling in front of me. "I think I am," I told him honestly. I went on to tell him about Edward's surgery and how they found him a heart. Then about Alice and how we talked until he came in. He told me that Esme and Carlisle were on their way but there was an accident on the highway. Esme did successfully get Rose's gift. Hours later, our family surrounded me as we waited for Garrett and his team to finish the surgery. I leaned into my dad while my legs rested on Emmett's lap. Dad kept teasing me about the fishing trips he wanted to take Maya on. It was around three thirty when Garrett and his team told us the surgery had been a success. They were moving Edward from post-op to the ICU. They wanted to make sure there were no complications or infections, but Garrett said everything went smoothly. After Emmett took me home to get some sleep, I thought about what Alice had said. She was right - I needed my faith. Later on in the afternoon, I found Kate at the nurses' station. Emmett followed me. "Hi Bella, what can I do for you?" "I wanted to send something Christmassy to a patient. I guess like a poinsettia or something?" I said, not completely sure what to send to Alice's boyfriend. It was mostly a thank you to her though. Emmett snorted and I nudged him. "Who's the patient? I could have it sent to their room," she offered with a warm smile. "Jasper Whitlock, I believe," I told her. Kate's face paled and I frowned, turning to Emmett, who shrugged. "Bella sweetie, why do you want to send him something?" she asked carefully. "Well, I was talking to his girlfriend while I waited for our family to arrive," I explained. "Sweetheart, I don't know who you talked to but Jasper Whitlock had no family. The only person on his emergency contact was an Alice Brandon, but she passed away last year in a car accident, according to our records. He was Edward's donor," she said softly. I shook my head as Emmett wrapped his arm around me and thanked Kate. "Emmett, I talked to Alice Brandon last night, I swear I did," I cried. "I believe you, Bella," he sighed. We ended up researching Alice's accident and then Jasper's in the paper. A tractor-trailer smashed into her Porsche on New Year's last year. The driver of the truck had been drinking and had been charged with vehicular manslaughter. She had opened a successful clothing store a few years prior, which her boyfriend closed after her death. I stared at the familiar face in the picture of the article. Jasper wasn't wearing his helmet that Christmas Eve night he was brought in. His article said he was going sixty miles per hour when he hit head on into the side of a building. No drugs or alcohol were involved, but the police thought it was a suicide. Alice was right - he had come home to her. I stared down at the grave we had paid for over a year ago. My daughter clung to Edward as he bounced her. I smiled at both of them. When he woke up, Emmett and I had told Edward about Jasper and Alice. It was his idea to pay for Jasper's burial and make sure he would always be next to Alice. We found her obituary and called where her service had been held. They helped us find her. "I wanted to thank both of you," I murmured, touching their head stone. "You helped me find my faith, Alice, and you, Jasper, saved my husband." Edward kneeled down as Maya squished his cheeks. Her green eyes brightened at all the attention her daddy gave her. He made a face, causing her to giggle. "We can never really thank them enough," he sighed. "I think they know how grateful we are," I said truthfully. I know Alice knew.