already surged forward and was well ahead, "Don't you worry Edward! I'm gonna get that bear for you. May take a while, but I'll get it! Slow down, man!" Edward raced down the avenue, the stalls blurring on either side of him. He glanced down at his phone and saw only a minute remaining. His eyes rose back up just in time to see a small group enter the avenue from between two stalls, but too late to do anything about it. Edward collided with the small blonde woman none too gently, and both fell to the ground. He heard the loud cry, "What the hell!" She seemed dazed as she shook her head. Her female friends began to gather around her, blocking her view of the young man. "You asshole!" A deep male voice immediately followed. The man threw his hand out, and extended a finger to point at the downed Edward. Edward immediately tried to right himself and apologize, "I'm so sorry! I should have-" He recognized the woman on the ground. The young man looked up and saw that familiar brick-sized hand pointing at him, attached to the also-familiar rippling, vascular arm, and finally connected to the sadly-also-familiar musclebound torso of the gym rat. This time he wasn't alone. He was flanked by two other marginally less massive men, and all dressed in tank tops with severe crop-top hair cuts, as if it were some kind of uniform. All three appeared quite angry as Edward attempted to explain the accident. Off to the side he could see two women gather around their fallen friend to make sure she was all right. "Look, I'm-" Edward began. This didn't make sense, he already had his last experience with this guy, didn't he? "You didn't learn your lesson last time, bro?" Meathead Prime cracked his knuckles as he took a step forward. The lesser gym rats spread out in an attempt to surround Edward. The young man attempted to continue but was cut-off before he could begin, "Looks like we're gonna have to teach you again, bro." He held out his arms wide as he approached, as if inviting a challenge. "Yoohoo~!" The three men paused and searched around for the source of the call. They turned and saw Emmett standing some distance behind them. "Who the fuck's that?" One of the lackeys piped up. "Missing something?" Emmett called out in a sing-song tone. In his hand he jingled a set of keys. The lead meathead looked down at his belt and pawed around his waist before realizing that the red-shirted newcomer had swiped his keys. "You want 'em, better come get 'em!" Emmett turned on his heel and made a dash down the way they had come. The body builder stared at Edward, considering his options. He quickly decided that the scrawny kid was already on the ground, and there were more important things to deal with. The large man turned and began to hustle away after Emmett, yelling back at the downed young man, "Better not catch you again!" As he left, the remaining two thugs eyed Edward. One feinted a lunge at him to try and intimidate, before both moved to follow their leader away. The three girls that had watched the entire encounter had helped their fallen friend to her feet, and called out to their men. Their words fell on deaf ears, however. Irritated, the trio left without so much as a glance at the young man, slowly following their companions. Edward reflected for a moment how the visions had an odd way of playing out sometimes. It was rare that he mistook a final encounter, and it figured when it did happen it was at such an inopportune time. The introspective moment passed and he glanced at his phone. Instantly he was on his feet, and bounded back along his route. He silently thanked Emmett for the distraction, and promised that he would pay him back somehow. The young man burst onto the scene as the countdown clock above the main stage was flashing down the final half-minute. There was no time to stop and think, so Edward ran around the edge of the crowd. He kept the photograph in his mind. He knew from the angle where he should roughly be, and he rushed there to begin his search. The clock flashed fifteen seconds when Edward felt he was in the right place. He stood on his toes to look over some of the shorter revelers. She was here, somewhere, he knew it. His eyes roamed over the crowd, and scanned each person in turn. The excitement of the gathered multitude was reaching a fever pitch as the clock ticked down. The mass of people began to chant in unison as the timer hit the ten second mark. His eyes opened wide suddenly, and the sound of the crowd seemed to fade away. Across a short gap there was a young woman with her hands in her pockets. Her long brown hair wafted in the slight breeze. She seemed engrossed in the happenings on stage. There was a bright red scarf wrapped around her neck and she wore a light jacket. Edward smiled, and a bright photographer's flash off to his side confirmed the feeling in his chest. His heart swelled as he took the two steps to close the space between them. "I love you!" He yelled over the noise of the chanting crowd. She suddenly turned and looked at him, noticing him for the first time. Her brow creased in confusion, as if she either had not heard him, or else didn't believe what she did. "What?" Her voice was music to his ears. Edward smiled, chuckled to himself and shook his head. There would be plenty of time for them both to get to that point. After all, they had the rest of their lives. He smiled that crooked smile and yelled once again. "Never mind, you'll get it later!"