at me making sure I wasn't ahead of him. I rolled my eyes as we came to a stop there are so many people here. Most wolves I look at all of them wondering which one is my dad. None of them were paying attention to us all talking and laughing over the fire. Finally one woman looked over at us,"OH MY GOD! LEAH?!" She ran to my mom hugging her tight. Ash growled lowly and I tapped his back he stopped and sat down. I looked at Oreo and he followed. "Hey Rach." Mom let go as she stepped back. Everyone else was staring at mom not sure what to do or say. I squeezed her shaking hand and looked back and smiled,"Hey guys." They all crossed their arms over their chests except for one. Who ran over and grabbed her up in his arms breaking our connection. "Lee. God i've missed you." "I've missed you too little brother." So this is my Uncle Seth. He's taller than mom and definitely more built than her but lean like her, "Listen we all need to talk and i'm sorry to do this on your birthday but it's been way to long and this needs to happen." She blew out a breath and looked at me,"Seth this is your niece Nikki." He looked at me smiling and moved to hug me but Ash shot up between us growling,"Ash stop it now!" He ignored me I nudged him with my knee, "Knock it off or go to the truck!" He stopped and sat down,"Be nice and behave." Oreo was all the way down on his stomach. I looked back up at my Uncle and stepped over Ash into his arms,"Happy Birthday uncle Seth." "Best birthday ever. How old are you?" "16. I turn 17 tomorrow actually so I agree best fucking birthday ever." He laughed and hugged me again. "Got your mouth from your mom I see." I giggled and shrugged. I moved back to my mom while he was still smiling at me. I looked at mom who was staring at everyone else wondering what to say. I smiled at everyone,"Well since mom is speechless. I'm Nikalisa Lemia Uley, but I prefer Nikki. I turn 17 tomorrow." "Did you just say Uley?" I looked at one of the females who was beautiful despite the scars. I smiled and nodded,"It's my dads. She gave me his name since i'm first born." She looked at the guy next to her with tears in her eyes,"Welcome home Nikki." She was still staring at him. I was wrapped in a hug by a small older woman. "My baby brought her baby home." She grabbed my hands and stepped back looking me up and down,"You my dear are gorgeous. You look just like Analisa." I smirked,"Mom said the same thing." "Come sit down." I turned to my boys,"Come." They were up and behind me as I followed her to the open spot on the log. I snapped and they were both sitting beside me Ash almost glued to my side. "Alright so let's start the introductions. I am your grandmother Sue." She smiled down at me, "This is Billy Black," He nodded at me, She continued pointing while they all smiled and waved,"his son Jacob and Bella, Embry and Rachel, Quil and Claire, Paul, Jared and Kim, Collin and Brady the twins and their wives Mia and Tracie, Tobi, Marcus, Tyler, you met Seth this is wife Anabelle. And this is Sam and Emily." I turned to them as he was staring at me she was crying and he was shaking slightly. "Hi it's great to meet all of you. I've heard alot about all of you." I smiled running my hand through Ash's fur,"These are my boys Ashes and Oreo." "What are they?" I looked to Bella. "Ash is full wolf and Oreo is his son. He's wolf and lab/border collie mix." She smiled looking at them, "I wouldn't recommend touching either at the moment though." She shook her head,"I'd say not. They seem a little protective." I smiled looking at them,"They are but they're trained and have never attacked a human." I scratched Oreo's ears as he laid down,"Or is still a pup so he's a little less tense than Ash is." "Attacked a human?" Tobi I think asked. I looked at mom who had set down by Seth, she nodded,"They run with mom." "No shit." I nodded proud of my boys. "Enough about the boys Nik." She smirked,"She's proud of her boys." I blushed,"Sorry." I shrugged. "So Nikki, tell us about you. What grade are you going in?" Anabelle smiled at me she had the teacher look going on. I cleared my throat, "Actually I graduated this past year." "Oh really? So soon?" "Yeah I graduated with a 4.5 gpa, and I also graduated with my associates degree in accounting that same day with a 3.9." Sue grabbed my hand, "That's great. I'm so proud of you." I smiled I was never worried about being accepted, but it's great knowing that I really am. They weren't just asking questions to be nice they really wanted to know me and be apart of my life. I honestly couldn't be happier. I looked around and I couldn't help but linger a little on Paul. He's fucking gorgeous so no one can really blame me. I could cum just by looking at him. I smiled brightly at him before continuing to look around. I couldn't see mom, Sam, or Emily anywhere so I figured he must be my dad. "Nikki where did your mom come up with your name?" I chuckled, "It's meshed. Nikalisa after my great grandmothers Nicole and Analisa. Lemia Leah and Emily put together. Mom said it was important to have my ancestors names and instead of four names I got two." I shrugged,"I've been made fun of my whole life and no one ever pronounces it right so I stick to Nikki."