her head falls back against my shoulder. I start to roll her nipples in between my fingers while she moans. I suck on her neck, the skin is so soft and bitable so I take a large bite and she moans loudly. I release one of her boobs and grab that huge warm cock in my hand. I start to pump slowly while she moans and then she starts to gyrate against me I love this girls body so much, it is so damn sexy. I wanna stay here forever and get fucked all the time, I wonder if Tanya has been hearing us fuck this whole time. Rosalie starts to buckle against me and her cock gets stone hard before it streams out a long stream of cum no where exactly. Rosalie gets off me and gets her balance against the wall I smirk at the weakness of her. I get up and I feel her hot breath on my neck, "put your hands on the wall and spread your legs," Rosalie commands from behind me I put my hand and feet shoulder length apart and arch my back so she gets a better view of my ass. Rosalie grabs my hips and rubs her cock in between my ass cheeks I moan it feels so fucking good. "I'm gunna fuck your ass so hard and then I'm gunna fuck you in so many different positions." Rosalie promises behind me. How was her cock going to squeeze into my ass it is a lot tighter than my pussy this is going to hurt but feel so good. Rosalie slowly inserts the tip and we both moan in unison at the contact and I moan at the stretch,as soon as she gets a good angle she slams her monster cock inside of my tight ass. Rosalie pulls out then slams right back in over and over again it feels so damn good. Nuer sexy balls flying and hitting my pussy. The tighter the stretch the more please, the pounding into my ass feels so good. She grabs my hair which is in a high ponytail and yanks my head back the pain and please at the same time makes this fuck so much more exciting. Then she starts to rub my clit while pulling onto my hair and pounding it to my ass I can't take it I cum hard and fast. Rosalie follows right after me making a mess because her cock cums so fucking much it is spilling out of my ass. The cum goes onto the shower floor all over my ass cheeks mm it feels fucking great thought. I love her huge monster cock. Rosalie grabs my tits in her hands and stands up while we are still connected she leans her back against on of the glass shower walls. Rosalie grabs my ass and starts bouncing me while picking me up and slamming my ass down on her cock. I scream as I moan and it was embarrassingly loud but this angle feels so fucking good while she is holding and massaging my tits while fucking the shit out of my ass hole using them to get a better angle. Then she bites down my neck and starts sucking marking my neck like I marked hers. "I'm close Rose, so fucking clooooose!" I scream then Rosalie's fucking monster cock pounds into my ass faster and then cums after me while moaning and sucking on my neck. "Fuck that was a good position Rose." I moan. Rosalie turns us around while we are still connected she is not done with my ass hole yet mmm. I love her and this crazy long stamina, this has been a good god damn work out, I can't count how many times I have cum today and I fucking love it. Rosalie slams my face and tits against the glass fall with her hands on both side of my head she starts to pound into me against the glass. I am sliding all over that glass wall while she fucks the shit out my ass. You can't hear any of the moaning I am making because of this position. I am moaning so loud this is by far best fucks I have ever had I hope she hires me again this was fun. Rosalie starts to go rapid fire my tits are bouncing into the wall and she is just bouncing and fucking the shit out of me. I am so close to my climax then I start to buckle against her then I cum all over the big thick cock and she comes right after me filling me up so mush that it is pouring out. I have never liked stuff in my ass before I met Rosalie but now I love the stretch. "You are so damn sexy, you know it don't you bitch?" Rosalie whispers in my ear and she press her whole body into mine even more then she wraps her arms around her waist and lifts me off her dick and setting me on the shower floor. Rosalie and I exit the shower and go to her bed and Rosalie wraps her arms around my waist and pulls my back against hers. Her dick is hard against my back, then she starts to rub her erection in between my ass. I lay down on her bed and she joins me under the covers and fall in to a deep sleep. Rose POV "I don't think I'm ever going to let you leave this house ever. You are going to become my personal slave for the rest of your life slut. You will be good on our planet and will be going in a couple of days enjoy earth while you have it." I whisper to her sleeping form. I hope you guys enjoy this new plot by the way in almost all of my stories I am going to incorporate futa. I Love readers DangerisDanger