their antics." I had to laugh. "Okay, but put it on speaker, I want to hear." He dialed one number asking my dad to please hold and then a second. "Dr. Cullen speaking, what's the emergency?" "This is Dr. Cullen and we have a problem." I could hear Esme in the background asking Carlisle what was wrong and if she should make coffee if he had to leave. "OH MY GOD EDWARD, are the babies coming? Is Bella okay? I'll be right over, call the ambulance, no on second thought I'll drive you two especially after last time. Charlie, get over there so we can have a police escort. Esme get my bag and get dressed." Poor Edward was pinching the bridge of his nose in frustration. I went into labor with Seth and Colin and we ran out of the house in the middle of the night forgetting to wait for Esme and my mom to get to the house to watch Sam and EC. "Dad, dad, calm down the babies aren't coming." I was seven and a half months pregnant, really a day away from eight months, at this point and everyone was worried that I was going to blow like I did with Seth and Colin who were born at seven months. "Then, how come you called the house on my emergency line at this hour of the night and what's up with the conference call?" "Well doc, I have a beef with you and the Chief." "This couldn't wait until morning?" My dad asked. "No, not when I have four kids sitting on my couch in the living room who are on a mission to catch a perp named Santa Claus." He huffed out and I had to contain my laughter. OMG, that had my dad written all over it. "Oh come on Edward, the kids need to believe, they're too young to find out. We're just helping them along." "Okay, but dad did you really have to give them the doctor's headgear to reflect light? You should see the four of them down there on their stealthy mission." Carlisle was laughing along with my dad. The two of them were quite the pair. "Of course we did. We couldn't let that James Dilly just hear they saw Santa, they had to have props so we armed them accordingly. We've also spoken to his dad James so he would explain to his son why you didn't go around telling people Santa didn't exist." Carlisle explained. "You know Carlisle we probably should've just taken his son into the police station like with did with his father to scare him a bit." Charlie stated. "What are you talking about dad?" "Trust me, you don't need to know, just that we protected both of you." Edward's POV "Awe, Charlie, I didn't know you loved me so much to protect me." I said as I looked back at my smiling wife rubbing her leg. "Wha…what…ye…yeah of course I love my Bells…" "But you love me too." I could feel Bella shaking with laughter. "Yeah…as an extension of Bella…you too." Try to justify it any way you wish old man, I got you to admit you loved me too. I felt Bella's hands rub around my sides before they dove into my boxers causing a slight moan to slip out. "Good god boy, can't you keep your hands off my daughter and while I'm on the phone no less." Charlie carried on and I laughed. "Daddy, maybe it's me who can't keep their hands off of Edward. Did you ever consider that?" Bella taunted as her hands started fondling my cock. "What…no…you're a…virgin…good girl…" Charlie sputtered. "Daddy, I'm a married woman with four children, another on the way and a woman who has needs. One of those needs is her husband because I'm in the horny stage of pregnancy which I'm sure Carlisle can explain to you." She giggled kissing my back as her hand firmly came around my hardened cock and I moaned. "Dad, please explain the mechanics of pregnancy to the Chief. I gotta go; I have a wife with NEEDS and am going to proceed to fulfill my husbandly duties while you take care of the four hooligans on my couch." "We will." NEXT MORNING While I took care of my wife last night, there was a lot of banging on the roof and all sorts of shenanigans going on inside and outside of our bedroom. Outside we just ignored until we were awakened this morning. "DADDY, MOMMY, SANTA CAME!" They all busted into our room. "We saw him!" Sam. "We heard the reindeer on the roof too." Colin and Seth. "And the cookies and carrots are gone!" EC exclaimed. "That's great guys." Damn they were so cute, I couldn't help but smile. "Come on there are presents downstairs." "Okay, let daddy go to the bathroom and we'll be right down." "They are so cute believing, so glad our dads' were able to pull this off." Bella stated. "Me too, almost thought I was actually going to have to commit murder. Now let's get a move on Mrs. Claus before the elves start rioting." "Just a quick change my deer, and I'll be ready. I love you." She giggled. "I love you too." As soon as we joined the kids in the living room, the paper went flying. They loved everything they received from "Santa." We didn't buy over-the-top gifts or too many since grandparents were bring gifts, in abundance. It was more about family that day for Bella and me, although Emmett was going home with a new family member and I couldn't wait. "What's with the smile?" Bella inquired. "Oh nothing, just enjoying our family. I couldn't be happier." "Un-huh, but I won't ask anymore. Whatever you're up to will show itself soon." Yes, it would. Well, Santa's still on the loose with his reindeer, so he can slide down everyone's chimney next year. Merry Christmas!