one's going anywhere!" James screamed, waving the gun around at everyone and no one, his behavior quickly becoming volatile and erratic. "Especially not your little tomato. You know, I think she's stuck on me." Edward didn't react, but his eyes shifted over to me for a split second as James continued to yell. "I don't know what your people think they saw, but you're not destroying my career! Do you hear me? I am not going down like this. I did everything you people ever asked me to do! I've played it straight!" Edward's lips raised in a sneer, "Until you attacked my little sister." "She's a liar. She went from being a baby vamp to being a bluenose in five seconds, but I never touched that little bitch." Edward's glance changed from calm to murderous as it all became clear. My eyes flicked to my boss' desk and the photo that he kept there. I'd noticed it before as being a family photo, but in my effort to remain as uninvolved with my boss' personal life as possible, I'd never actually paid attention to it. The standard black-and-white portrait was of a smart-looking family, all dressed in white except for the men, who wore pinstripes and dark hats. There were two girls: Rose, his oldest sister who sometimes visited the office, and the younger one who was obviously little Mary Alice. I balked at the image of her. She was clearly still a child who couldn't be older than fourteen or fifteen. My nose wrinkled in disgust. Emmett and Jasper glared at Torrin, their savage expressions marring their normally handsome features. In that instant they looked more like demons than men - but their reactions were nothing to Edward's quiet, deadly glare. He made no move. He seemed unnaturally calm, but his green eyes were terrifying. Torrin noticed it, and he began to sputter and back-peddle. "You know Aro isn't gonna be very happy about this. Mr. Cullen - Edward, you know I'd never do anything to upset our arrangement. We have a sweet deal, you and me. Why would I mess it up on a piece of-" A loud sound, like the crack of thunder encased the room, reverberating across the walls. I squealed, bringing my knees up against my chest, clamping my hands over my ears, the notepad and pen falling to the floor. A dark spot of blood appeared on the chest of James Torrin, blooming ever larger against the white of his shirt. The hysterical thought that James Torrin would need to be fitted for his Chicago overcoat today after all went through my mind. Then the room lost its color in a seemingly unending moment of horror, as he finally lost his balance and fell face first onto the floor with a thud. I could no longer hear anything but the sound of ringing in my ears, my own heavy breathing and rapidly beating heart. Time seemed to stand still as the three other men in the room looked at the dying man in disgust. Emmett spat on his back. Edward was standing now, a black revolver in his hand. His men quickly took it from him, using their handkerchiefs to wipe off the prints. When they were done, they threw it in a case along with Torrin's gun, and quickly moved into the waiting room, randomly throwing things into boxes. Jasper and Emmett rapidly emptied the office of specific paperwork: any evidence that would link them to the man now lying dead on the floor in front of me. Some small part of my mind wanted to protest at the mess that they were making of my workspace. The vase of flowers was lying sideways across the desk, several were being crushed under the feet of the men who were making arrangements for the body and talking over police bribes with the normalcy of discussing the weather. White roses: the only pure thing left in the office. I heard a small PLOOF as a box of paper went up in flames. My chest and my stomach heaved as one, as though my body was fighting for air and also fighting to force up my lunch. The sound of my name brought my brain somewhat into focus and I watched Mr. Cullen as he wiped the dark stain of gunpowder from his hands. He knelt before me, completely blocking my view of the body, his eyes looking up into mine. There was a weary sadness in them as he reached around his neck, pulling a silver chain that I had never noticed from beneath his white starched collar. He unclasped it and took my shaking hand in his, turning it upward. A small pendant and chain slowly pooled into my palm, the cold metal distracting and comforting me. For the first time I noticed the feel of wetness on my cheeks and the heat of the air had returned to the room as I looked down at his gift. It was a small oval, bearing the Cullen crest which surrounded a small flower in bloom; a white rose. "I'm sorry, Bella," he said, his voice steady and soft, and I suddenly recognized this for what it was: an initiation of sorts, my induction into a dark and deadly world. I blinked more tears from my eyes as I looked at him, the man I desperately wanted to trust but was also desperately terrified of. It was my choice now, to decide if I was going to continue to work for them, or if I was going to take the other option which would result in me never working again. "One thing you need to understand is that in this family, we defend each other. We protect each other at all costs. Family is everything." He removed his hand from mine and placed it on the arm of my chair. I was shocked when he leaned forward and kissed my forehead. "Welcome to the family."