into my ass again moaning loudly as she does. Then she start pounding every time Kate fucks my ass I scream or wince. Tanya sits on the due of the tub and brings my head to her balls. Then brings my lips to her tip getting pre cum all over my lips then she slides her dick into my mouth. She bobs my head each time bringing my head farther and farther down her monster cock gagging me each time I scream. I can't help but scream when Kate is constantly pounding into my ass hole but I barely goes back in each time. They are both moaning so loud and the other shemale rapist are watching while jacking off it's really disturbing how they enjoy this. Kate stops fucking me and keeps her dick inside my ass hole and starts shaking and buckling against me with her hips she cums deep inside of my filling up my entire asshole with cum. There is so much but my ass is so tight that it's keeping all of the cum inside of my ass except a little that is dripping out. It feels so gross and it's extremely uncomfortable, Tanya's dick is going so deep. Kate slaps my ass the cum explodes out of my ass and it feels so good the empty of her nasty ass cum. Kate bites my ass and slaps it until it is scarlet red, her slap is so hard I jerk forward making Tanya's dick go deeper down my throat. Her hips start to buckle and she cums down my throat, good not in my mouth I don't want to taste it again she pulls out my mouth. Tanya pushes me in the tub and I float on top for a while then, Tanya spreads my legs and slams in. Tanya lifts up my torso so I am being bounce fucked and my tits are bouncing in her face, she catches one in her mouth and sucks hard on it. Thrusting her hips up office toy fucking the shit out of me, she leans back so I am bouncing in an arch so she can get a a deeper angle inside of me. She smiles at me while fucking me the pain is constant but I am used to it now, her bounces get shorter and faster. Her dick gets deeper inside of me as she shakes then cums inside of me. The cum oozes out of my center making a sticky mess everywhere. "Your pussy is so tight squeezing my monster cock while I fuck you, you love me delicious cum don't you?" She purrs. I shiver at her tone and then I am passed to Kate who throws me over the ledge so that my ass is only visible. She grabs my hips and slams her cock into my pussy and then moans loudly as we connect and then pulls almost all the way out and then slams in again she repeats this sequence over and over again. Then she speed up her torso meeting my ass making it jiggle. You can hear the loud slap of us meeting every time she connects up my legs meet the edge of the pool making another loud noise. I am going to have so many bruises everywhere, I should have just said I would change the grade in the beginning but no I had to do the right thing which ended up making me get raped. I hope they are going to send me home eventually. I am so drained from this day, Kate pulls out before coming then flips me over and cumming in my face. She pushes my head down and slaps me with her dick, "my cock loves you slut and it wants to enter that sweet sweet mouth again." Kate purrs then hits me with her huge cock again, I open my mouth and she smiles seeing that my spirit has been broken, I have given up. I zone out while she stretches my face by fucking it to the extreme and hurting my lunge by not giving me enough air to breathe. Her balls keep hitting me in the face it hurts because they are so huge and hard while they keeping coming to contact with my face over and over again. "My balls like to hit you in the face," Kate moans, then cums down my throat, she pulls out slowly. Tanya lifts up my head and wraps my hair around her fist getting a good grip she pulls my head down to her dicks level. I slowly open my mouth and she slowly slides her dick in my mouth pulling my head back and forth on her dick. "I wanna savor this last mouth fuck before I have to share you my little bitch." Tanya purrs down at me and pulls out of my mouth, she smiles at me. She cums all over my tits and the worm liquid slides down my boobs slowly covering them in her cum. Kate and Tanya pull me out the tub and drag me into a room. Rose the principle and Carmen and Irina follow them to this room. In the room is a huge king sized bed but on the wall were various things to tie me up with, blond fold, gag, torture. Tanya and Kate leave the room. I am left with Rose, Irina, and Carmen a bed and a bunch of toys they can use. Fuck me, I hope you guys like my new story. Give me five reviews and you will get the next update faster but I am going to try to update on every other Monday. You should read my other stories they haven't been updated because my mom died and I needed some time to grieve before I updated. This story will have 25 chapters and 5,500 words each chapter. Tell your friends about me and I will update faster and post more new stories.