whispered just behind her ear, grateful that she'd worn her hair in a ponytail. He wanted access to as much skin as possible. "Woo! Sorry man, but you know how it is. I lit a match, but I don't think it'll help much," Spud boomed, breaking up the tension in the room. Dink quickly pivoted away from Itsy, pretending to be busy helping her replenish their supplies. Itsy paused for a moment before darting out the door. "What's her problem?" Dink asked, expertly faking indifference. "I don't know, but I gotta get the boat loaded. I hope she's not PMS'ing. I don't think I could handle being out on the water with a hormonal woman." "Way to be sensitive to her feeling, man." Dink rolled his eyes. He was glad to be back with his old friend. Their relationship was always an easy one. They riffed off one another, yet knew when a supporting shoulder was needed. Spud wasn't blind or as ignorant as he was made out to be. He saw something pass between Itsy and Dink. Hell, he probably looked just as dumbfounded when he had met Rosalie. Shaking his head, Spud laughed to himself. His friend and his cousin were in for a surprise, but that was life on the swamp. For a fleeting moment, he thought to blow the lid off their little game, but quickly changed his mind. It would be too much fun to watch all this fuckery unfold. "Note to self, stock up on beer and cracklins." Itsy had found a shaded spot near the rear of Dink's houseboat. A sleepy cat greeted her with a sustained meow. Scooping the feline into her arms, she fell into one of the plush deck chairs that sat among the ferns and other potted plants. "Ah, I see you found Jughead." Dink stroked the cat's sleek back, then took the seat beside her. Itsy noticed the little patch of white on the black cat's head. It was, oddly enough, shaped like a crown. Itsy laughed. "You're so weird." "You have no idea…" They were quiet for a few pregnant moments before Itsy finally asked, "What was that back there?" "So you did feel it?" Itsy nodded and turned to face him. She was surprised that his eyes were hopeful and happy. "Look, I'm not really staying. At least I don't think I'm staying. I'm just here for a few weeks. We can…we can hang out? Maybe you can come into town, have dinner?" Itsy offered a small smile and a shrug. Dink reached out to brush her windswept hair back. That spark reemerged, but they both were now familiar with the sensation. It surprised them again, but in an altogether different way. "I'll take what I can get," Dink said with a breathy sigh. His words coolly washing over her, soothing her overheated flesh. "Come to me tomorrow. I don't know how I'll get through the next twenty-four hours, Itsy." Itsy couldn't think, she could hardly breathe. Dink's proximity had thinned the air, making coherent thought impossible. Instinct won out, and she pressed her lips to his. She whimpered at his velvety lips pressing firmly against her chapped ones. Her breathing and heart rate picked up, and she feared she'd pass out from the lack of oxygen. Jughead yelped from between them, breaking their lust-filled bubble. Dink rested his forehead on Itsy's, panting in an attempt to calm himself. "Tu m'as ravi, ma beauté." Itsy's eyes went wide at his words, his claim of her. She entranced him, he had said. She was his beauty, he declared. She pressed the back of her trembling hand to her mouth, and then moved quickly to where Spud had moored the boat. Dink tromped behind her, whispering more loving words in their beautiful native tongue. "Je veux que vous." I want you. "Je doute que je serai jamais assez une fois que je vous dois." I doubt if I'll ever get enough once I have you. "J'ai besoin de vous." I need you. "Puissance et beauté. Reine du marais." Power and beauty, queen of the swamp. By the time Itsy reached the ladder to lower herself to Spud's boat, she was a heaving mess. The smooth tenor of Dink's flawless French had caused her insides to melt; couple that with the meaning of his words, and she was ready to mount the man. Dink watched Itsy descend the ladder and away from him. He had to shove his hands in his pockets to stop himself from grabbing her. "Lunch tomorrow? Come on through. I'll be here," he called. Spud waved back and nodded. He turned to his cousin who slumped down in her seat. Her cheeks were flushed, her lips red and swollen. "What's wrong with you?" He tried to hide his amusement. "Nothin', just drive the damn boat to the next line. I need to shoot something." "Yes, ma'am." Spud laughed harder at his cousin's sour mood. "Don't you worry, baby girl," he teased, "you'll see Dink tomorrow." Tomorrow couldn't arrive fast enough. Inspired and encouraged by my lovelies, CaligirlMon, Hood Fabulous, and ClanceyJane. This fic was originally beta'd for F4OK by JParke19 & Twi-Mom12292005; I've made a number of changes since. All errors are my own. I have always had a fascination with the swamp. My story is meant as an homage to the colorful culture of the Bayou. I hope that I have painted a loving picture. My hubs was wonderful enough to take me down to NOLA this summer to I could experience some of the things I've written about. If the French is off, I blame Google. I should have sought the help of a French speaker. Well I did, my daughter, but she didn't want to help me. I'm off to deliver that one to college. I'll post another chapter later tonight. "Tu m'as ravi, ma beauté." You have entranced me, my beauty. Please share your thoughts in a review. Until next time...