her and make sure she's fine? Nope, option number two won't work. The vamp wouldn't just forget about the scent of her blood… "Looks like I'm gonna get my fight after all." I thought decisively, but instead of being happy about it like I normally would have, I was worried. This lovely imprint of mine is way too close, and I don't like it that this vamp is gunning for her – not that it'll ever get to her of course. I'd never let that happen. I'd tear that bloodsucker limb from limb! I felt her turn underneath me – trying to see what I was looking at probably. With a burst of supernatural strength, the vamp crouched and jumped, landing in the middle of the path that the girl and I had been on only a minute or so ago. This particular parasite was a woman with long black hair that seemed impractical considering she probably spends most of her time running through forests like this one. Just because she's undead doesn't mean a branch can't rip out a chunk full of supernatural hair – Leah had learned this the hard way. Her skin was a weird shade of gray. It always looks funny when black people turn, but it's harder to see the dark rings around their creepy red eyes. Speaking of red eyes, hers were scanning the forest in our general direction, looking for us. She could hear us and smell us, but she hadn't quite located us yet. Until my imprint gasped. Then the vampire looked straight at us and smiled. "Shit." I said. The vamp threw back her head and let out an evil laugh, and I braced myself for the attack I knew was about to happen. Sure enough, not even a second later she'd launched herself through the air, soaring straight towards us. I rolled my girl deeper into the bushes and popped up into a crouch, launching myself straight to the vampire phasing mid leap, all in a fraction of a second. No WAY was I gonna let this blood sucker get past me. She's not gonna lay a fang on MY imprint. We collided in mid-air, and my momentum knocked the leech back a few feet. But she was back in less than a second, trying to lung past me again. I swung my paw around and yanked my claws through her hair, dragging her back towards me and bending her neck at an awkward angle. She let out a screech, and kicked blindly out at me, but I dodged it easily. We continued on this way for several minutes, gnashing and lashing out. She kept trying to get past me – crazed by the scent of blood - but I managed to keep her at bay. " Guys! This leech is crazy!" I said to the guys through the pack mind. "This is probably the best fight I've ever been in, this vamp's a freakin beast!" Ordinarily I'd be psyched for such a challenge, but not with my brand new imprint on the line. So instead of reveling in the fight and striving for complete domination, I found myself wishing the vamp would just give up. Simply go away. Through the pack mind, I could see the rest of my pack engrossed in four other vampires. No way had they just coincidently wondered onto Quileute land at the exact same time this chick did. They must be together. " Four of them?" I thought, still struggling against the walking corpse. "That's a pretty big coven. I thought they only traveled in pairs." " Yeah, I know. I have no idea what's going on. I've never seen an enemy coven this large." Sam thought back. Crap. Something's going on. There's something brewing beneath the surface here, because this is NOT normal. And it's taking us completely by surprise. " Shit. Fuck. CRAP!" I cursed in my head when I found an opportunity to look over and check up on my imprint. BUT SHE WASN'T THERE! A chorus of "What?," and "You alright Paul? What's wrong?," rang through my head. " SHE'S GONE! FUCKITY FUCK FUCK FUCK!" I've had a soul mate for all of five minutes and I've already lost her in a forest full of vampires. " WHO? Who's gone?" Quil asked. He and the rest of my pack brothers were still focused on their own battles, but my frantic worry was leaking into their minds as well. They weren't real sure what I was talking about, but they knew I was seriously freaking out. " MY IMPRINT! SHE JUST FREAKIN DISAPEARED! Oh God, oh God! WHAT IF ANOTHER VAMPIRE GOT HER?!" " Wait, you imprinted? Congrats man!" Collin said, as usual only hearing half the information. Did he not hear me say SHE'D DISAPEARED?! THIS. IS. NOT. GOOD! If he was closer, and if I weren't so distracted, I'd rip him a new one. " Leave it to Paul to imprint at a time like this. Jesus, the most inconvenient moment!" Jacob said. He was joking, but it was kind of true. Not that I'd go back on it of course, I just wish it had happened at a safer time when I could have turned on the old Lahote charm and, like, gotten her name. "On that hot chick from earlier?" Seth asked as he ripped an arm of one of the male leeches across the forest. "Haha nice man." "Shut the fuck up!" I growled, anger bubbling up inside of me and lending me a new fever for the fight against my own leech. She's mine. And I do not like people talking about her like that. Now, if only I knew who 'her' was...But I couldn't think about that now. I had to focus. "I could use some help over here if anyone gets freed up." I thought, trying to remain calm. This vamp bitch is one tough cookie. [ Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. ]