wh... who were you thinking of?" I stammer, breathing the words next to the screen. "Aww, that's not fair, wolf," Emm says. "Tell you what; I'll spill the goods if you tell me first." "Nope, there's no way I'm going there." The words rush out of my mouth. "Why?" Emm says lightly. "You pictured any girl in the Reservation?" "Man, remember what we talked about last time?" I glance at my groin and let out a grunt at the sight of my cock twitching back to life. I recall Emm's comforting heft next to me as we spoke about my heart's desires. Wanted so much to reach out for him, but things weren't ready yet – me with Nessie hanging around my neck like the proverbial albatross, and Emm dealing with the unsettled situation with Rose. Now things have cleared up, but will we take the last step? "At the diner? Sure," Emm whispers hoarsely. "I pointed out the waiter was cute, and you agreed with me. Man, I wanted to rip him to shreds!" "The guy was cute," I say with a shrug. "I was jealous, ok?" Emm says quietly. "I know we talked about you finding your way after you got over Nessie, but when you glanced at him? I imagined you leaving Forks behind and making your way alone in that community college you want to attend." There's the rustle of cloth in the background; guess Emmett is settling down on his bed. "You looked so unapproachable and forlorn, and yet so desirable it hurt." "Why didn't you say anything, Emm?" "Don't wanna add to your troubles, wolf." "C'mon, big guy, it's not like that at all." My fingers ruffle my hair and I let out a sigh when I decide to take the plunge, so I just say in a rush, "Listen, the guy I jerk off to? It's you, Emm, it's always been you." "Really?" Emm's skeptical tone betrays his disbelief. "Man, you're so hot and… there's this pull that I feel…" I stop my babbling and take a deep breath. "Guess I just want to explore these feelings and see where they lead us." "Damn, Jake, you don't know what you do to me!" Emmett groans and I hear the sound of his palm striking hard flesh. Sparks of heat coil in my belly at the thought of Emmett jerking off on the other side of the call. "To see you sweaty beneath me, looking helpless like you did at the diner as I have my way with you, spreading you…" "Hold it, hold it, man." My voice is so hoarse I hardly recognize it. "There's no way our first time is gonna be phone sex! Gotta see you, Emm, gotta taste you." "God, why do you have to sound so damn sexy?" Emm moans. "Your raspy voice sounds like you've just had my cock shoved down your throat. I wanna…" He stops, and I hear rustling sounds in the background. Feels like he's tearing the bed to pieces or something. "Listen, Jake, I'm coming over," he finally says. "To the Rez?" I shake my head in disbelief. "Are you nuts, man? Sam'll tear you to pieces if you break the Treaty." "Sam can kiss my ass!" Emm says loudly while I groan at the mental imagery his words evoke. To knead that supple backside and taste him there, making him squirm as I eat him out, that's too much to bear at the moment. "…. have a way," he says and I shake my head, trying to collect my thoughts. "What did ya say?" I whisper. "I'll come over, just leave Sam to me." There's the sound of leather rubbing together which makes me think Emm is putting on his belt. "Listen, you've said you don't have to go on patrol for a while, right?" "Sure, sure." I nod at the mobile even though he can't see me. "You're gonna take me away?" "Only for the night," Emm says. "It's nine o'clock, so there's plenty of time to find a secluded spot. Perhaps a motel." "Wow, my wicked vamp is planning a seduction!" I whisper hoarsely. "Really, wolf?" He laughs softly. "You seduced me first with those tantalizing glimpses of your perfect body." "So it's only my body you lust after?" I settle my head on the soft pillow, smiling into the phone as I gaze up at the ceiling. Talking with Emm is like this; we can go from playful to intense in a heartbeat. He's truly a guy's guy, the person I can talk sports with, wrestle with and talk about issues of life and death. He's all that and more. "Nope, your perfect face, the dimples on your cheeks when you smile at me just so, the sparks in your brown eyes," Emmett says quickly. "The whole package, wrapped around your heart of gold. Lemme tell you that if we go on with this… I want it all, Jake, the good and the bad, through thick and thin with you, forever." Overwhelmed by his words, I lower the phone and press it against my heaving chest. Back when I was younger I wanted something like this, to give my heart and soul to the person I chose. Then life turned into an ugly greasy bitch and shoved Bella at me, and then her ungodly spawn Nessie. Seems like Q'wati at long last is smiling down on me, and the Quileute Creator sees fit to grant this boon to one of his shifters. I feel the vibrations of Emm's voice rumbling against my chest and I pick up the phone, hefting it next to my cheek. "You heard that? It's my heart beating, Emm. Can't promise you forever 'cause it's beyond my reach, but I can tell you that right now this heart's beating for you." "Hold on, wolf," he manages to say, his voice sounding heavy and hoarse although he doesn't need air to breathe. "I'm coming right over." tbc