and with children. She wouldn't tell me any details whatsoever but I could guess. My thoughts for how it would happen was that I would finish school, go to college with Jacob, fall madly in love while we were there, travel a bit and then get married and have lots of children. We did have forever after all. But I was guessing it would be ten or twelve years before that vision came true. It was a shock when Alice had the vision because she hadn't had one of me before that. We could only guess what it meant but I thought that maybe I was starting to manifest more human or more vampire like behaviours instead of just floating somewhere in the middle. She still hadn't had any visions of any of the wolves but because she had spent so much time around them, even living with Jake, she was better able to see around them and manipulate the visions around the wolves, leaving her with a blank spot in her visions that gave her a slight headache to concentrate on. Or so she told me anyway! I was sure she kept things from us all to make life a little more interesting. I tried my best to not dwell on the facts I knew about the vision, but I did indulge myself a little and allow myself to imagine my possible future wedding. I imagined the big dress, fancy venue and all my family and friends around me as I held on to my Dad's arm as we slowly walked down the aisle. Beautiful fragrant roses and lilies covered every surface and the traditional wedding march was played by Rose on a magnificent white grand piano- "Nessie. Where were you just now?" Esme asked me, interrupting my day dream. "Oh, somewhere far away where I don't need to finish packing my room up to move." I sighed dramatically. "You haven't finished packing? What have you been doing all day, and for the last week? It isn't like you haven't known we were moving?" Said Esme, sounding a little flustered. "No one has finished packing yet except for me! You all have super strength and speed so you leave everything to the last minute." She ranted. "Well I should probably go back to the cottage to pack then or face your wrath." I joked as I walked towards the back door. "Thanks for dinner!" I yelled cheekily, running into the forest quickly to avoid the look I was probably getting for my comments. She knew I was joking. …. I finally finished packing with a little help from Mom last night and was in bed by eleven, quite a bit later than I planned. I was so excited for the new house that I didn't sleep well either so now I was awake at five thirty am eating a quick breakfast of eggs on toast and raspberry pop tarts while the family packed the cars. We had a few new cars to go with the new cars, and everyone had listened to Mom when she pointed out that they didn't fit in and their cars were too ostentatious. The solution was to have the 'fun cars' and motorbikes, and then a couple of 'functional' cars. The fun ones were the usual flashy luxury cars that they always had such as BMW's and Porsches, but the functional cars were a big black Range Rover and a new Jeep for Emmett. Still ridiculously expensive, but less in-your-face flashy and easier to get around in a small town in. Of course Rose had tinkered with them to make them almost as fast as any of the sports cars we owned but to the public they looked like standard factory made cars. Once the cars were packed with the few important items we were taking with us we arranged who was in what car and the important order of the cars which was planned to decrease the risk of being pulled over. Of course Mum, Rose, and Alice all wanted to drive their own cars; those three really were the rev-heads of the family. Dad, Jake and I were in the Volvo in first position of the line, then Alice in her yellow Porsche, followed by Emmett with Seth and Addie in the Jeep with a trailer for the bikes, then Jasper in the Range Rover again with a trailer full of our belongings. After him it was Mum in her Ferrari, and then Carlisle and Esme bringing up the rear. It was still weird to address my grandparents by the first names but I was getting used to it. The order of the cars was essential because Dad was able to scan thoughts ahead of our little convoy and we could relay messages, and Alice being next could watch the future and Dad was close enough to pick up any important visions. This was important to make the journey as quick as possible without just getting out and running to the new house. Dad told me that was how they used to move, pack a bag each to carry and race each other there. But now it was too difficult with such a big group and people who needed to sleep. We pulled out of the yard and onto the long driveway at exactly six am, and started the long journey east, with Alice's current predicted time of arrival at two pm. I looked to Jake next to me in the back of the car and saw he was half asleep so I decided to follow suit. I laid down across my seat and the middle seat, curled tightly to ensure I fit and laid my head on Jake's warm leg and fell asleep within minutes, just as we drove past the sign declaring we were leaving Forks. I caught a glimpse of it: 'Thank you for visiting Forks, we hope to see you again soon'. Yeah, you too Forks. You too.