drank at the same time, as if we were business partners celebrating a new franchise opening over a power lunch. Jacob had been right. It had taken him less than an hour, and, true to his word, when he finished, he neatly wrapped the extra cords and the device in some newspaper and presented it to me as a gift. I had thought I would feel a stab of regret seeing the gift they had given me being presented as a gift by another, but I had only laughed; after all, Jacob had curtsied while he handed me back the package. I thought and rethought my next statement a hundred times before I said it out loud, "This was fun, Jake." And I meant it. Jacob had kept me laughing and kept my mind occupied constantly while working on my truck. I had forgotten how fun he was to be around. How often he had made me smile and how content he made me feel. The sun had shined bright in the little makeshift garage of the Black residence on the La Push reservation—and his name was Jacob. "Yeah, I get that a lot," he boasted. I inhaled and twirled the ends of my hair a bit. "Want to do it again?" I blurted out before I could lose my nerve. He looked at me, giving a smile. "You don't have another satellite radio that needs to be taken out, do you?" he joked. I shook my head no, and he gave a chuckle. "Sure, sure. What are friends for?" he repeated. I got up and attempted to hit him several times while he ducked a little and pretended to be hurt when a hit finally landed half on his arm and half in the air. "Oh Bella, you're so strong!" "Oh man, you're getting beat by a girl? No way!" A voice interrupted our playful banter, and Jacob rolled his eyes. "Wonderful. Twiddle Dee and Twiddle Dum are here." Two Quileute boys with Jacob's matching complexion and equally long hair came in through the open garage doors. The one with the bigger muscles of the two newcomers easily flexed as he reached out with his hand to give me a handshake. "How do you do? I'm Quil. Quil Ateara—" "Jr.!" The other boy sounded, and Jacob scoffed quietly. "Hey, my name means something to this tribe. It's a family name," Quil sneered. "So is mine," the other boy fired back. "And you are?" I was determined not to let a fight break out but the two boys stared at each other some more and then suddenly laughed, losing their serious expressions. "They're always like this. Don't worry about it," Jacob assured me. "Anyway, that's Quil; Embry's right; he's a Jr. And this is Embry Call. Guys—Bella Swan." "No way. You're Bella?" The smaller boy pointed. Was that Embry ? "Uh-huh." I said uncertainly. The one with muscles talked. "No way! So you're like a girl. You're like Jacob's girl, right?" Jacob flew from behind me and easily tackled the boy in a few short seconds. I covered my mouth and eyes, afraid to watch but even more afraid to look away. What if either of them got hurt? What if their friendship was suddenly destroyed by this moment? What if— "Gotcha!" Jacob suddenly screamed. The other boy rubbed his arms which had instantly turned red against his already ruby-colored complexion. "Now quit running your mouth, Quil Jr ., and tell me what the hell you want." Quil continued to rub his arms. I think his ego was more bruised. "Wanted to know what you were doing. We hadn't seen you and thought you might want to take a drive or something. Embry's got his mom's car for the afternoon. Stereo ain't shit, but it's something—" "Hey!" I had another idea. "Jacob just took a stereo out of my truck. You guys can have that if you want it." The two boys looked at me. "What kind is it?" Quil asked. I shrugged. "I don't know. Jacob took it out. It's right here." I handed Quil the wrapped up package, and his eyes looked as if it were Christmas come early. "Dude, this is a Kenwood 50 W x 4 MOSFET Apple with Satellite! This thing is like a grand!" I cringed at the sudden price drop, but it still hadn't made me change my mind. "Wait—why are you getting rid of this? What's wrong with it?" Quil accused. I stammered, "Nothing. Nothing is wrong with it. I just didn't like it. Too flashy. It just wasn't my—" "Color. Yeah, it didn't match her shoes or her purse or anything," Jacob chimed in. He gave me a humored grin. Jacob's two friends seemed to handle the excuse well. "Girls. They're so weird like that. Why do they have to match everything with everything?" Quil stated. Embry quickly nodded, and they both took turns turning over and examining their new toy. Once they started talking about the tools they would require to get it hooked up, they lost me. I gave Jacob a silent nod as he looked at me, away from the "guy" conversation. He had saved me from answering a detrimental question in front of his friends without asking me why and without giving me grief. I felt lucky that Jacob was slowly seeping into my life and pulling me out of the hole. My smile didn't mirror his exactly, but I felt closer than I ever had in the last few months to being back to normal. End Note : Please tell me what you think. I am serious. I can't promise to keep writing if you don't promise to give reviews. =) And one more thing, anyone see MTV Movie Awards last night? Why did R-Patz walk away with most of the awards for Twilight? Jeez, Team Jacob fans need to step up and protest on behalf of our wonderful martyr, Jacob Black. He is ridiculously under-voted.