said more to himself than us. "Nothing, because I am your favorite brother." Emmet said. "Nice try. You're not getting out of this" Emmett's face fell. After the stunt Emmett pulled on me just a few seconds ago, I wasn't the one who was going to defend him either. He could choke on a banana for all I care. "Here, I want you to eat this." Jasper held out a chicken leg. "That's disgusting," I scrunched my nose up. Did they even know that no one eats chickens raw, because the chance of dying was high? Did they even know anything about human food? I guess being a vampire and eating next to nothing for over a century makes your knowledge on food non existing. Well it wouldn't taste any better to Emmett if it were cooked either. One way or another, he still had to throw it up later. "You don't eat this?" Emmett asked curiously. "I do… when its cooked." I replied and then added. "Humans die if they eat chicken raw." "You can die of this?!" He said doubtful. "Yes, I can get salmonella." "Jesus, being a human must be awful. Even a little chicken can kill you." Emmett said. "Just eat your chicken, Emmett." I said annoyed. Jasper handed him the chicken leg. He grabbed it like it was a poisonous plant or something. After a deep sign Emmett bit a big chunk out of the uncooked chicken, but immediately spit it back out. He even gagged a little. "This tastes like sticky mud." He stated. "You have to go again. It doesn't count if you immediately spit it back out." Jasper said, he stood against the counter with his arms crossed over his chest. He was enjoying this. "I'm gonna get you back so hard for this." Emmett snarled. I held back a giggle. It was amusing to see Emmett so appalled by human food. "You are on my hit list too Bella." He glared my way. "It's worth it," I laughed. Emmett took another bite— he swallowed it this time without spitting it out after and shuddered like he stood in a snow storm. His face was priceless though. His revenge on Jasper and me would be worth it. I mean what is the worst he could do? Embarrass me? I already do that myself, nothing new there. "Ok, you can get rid of it now if you want to." Jasper said merciful. Emmett was gone in a flash. "That was quick." I blinked. Jasper shot me a wink. "Don't worry Bella, I'll make sure he won't do anything harmful for his revenge." He sent me a wave of calmness. I suddenly felt a lot more tired. I looked at the clock. eleven pm. It feels like I just got here. Jasper must have felt my tiredness. "Bedtime?" He teased. "I guess so, I didn't realize that it was already this late." I mumbled. "Time goes by fast when you have fun huh?" Jasper smiled. It was true, I had fun. Edward never really lets me get close to Emmett or Jasper when I am here. So I never really got to know them. There was that time in Phoenix when Jasper and Alice had to hide me from James. But that was under different circumstances. Now we didn't really have to worry about a tracker trying to kill me. Well, Victoria was still out there… waiting. But I felt really safe with three vampires protecting me. Jacob and his pack also made it more difficult for her to get a swipe at me. "I think I'm getting ready for the night." I said after yawning. "Goodnight Jasper." "Goodnight Bella," He said kindly. I got of the kitchen counter and made my way out of the kitchen. I passed through the living room where Rosalie still sat, reading a magazine. She didn't even glance my way. I sighed. Would we ever become friends? I stepped on the first step on the staircase. Emmett was walking down, he probably was just done puking. Iew. "Where are you going Bella bear?" "It's late, I'm getting ready for bed," I replied. "Right, because humans need sleep." He said. "Well, good night! Don't let the vampires bite." He joked. "Har-har, Emmett." I swatted him lightly and climbed the rest of the stairs. I grabbed my bag and did my normal night routine in the bathroom. Brushing my teeth and washing my face. Their bathroom is really spacious and beautiful. The tiles are a dark grey and made of stone. The walls are an off white and there are two sinks which matched the walls. The shower door was completely made of glass and the showerhead was huge! Lastly the bathtub was in an oval shape and the edges came up to my waist. Luxury was something the Cullens were very used to. I crossed the hall and entered Edwards room, the room I would be sleeping in. The new bed still stood in the center of it. The sheets were golden and were the softest sheets I have ever slept under. No doubt this little investment cost him a huge sum of money. Which irritates me a lot, I hate it when he spends money on me. My pajamas had miraculously disappeared from my bag, instead I found new one lying on the bed. Alice. Who else could it be than the one who constantly wants to dress me in new clothes. At least they weren't made of lace. Pink shorts with a bow on the front to tighten it and a pink lose spaghetti top, which also had a little bow in between the build in bra. It was very cute and definitely something I would never wear. Not that I had a choice this time. I changed quickly and got between the sheets. The moon was bright enough for me to still see the other furniture. I closed my eyes and slid into my dream world.