"Why do you like them ? They're not even here and you're defending them. They left you and you still like them? How pathetic." "What about all those girls that you were with? How badly did you treat them and they still came around you, wanting to be with you? They were like dogs in heat." "That's exactly what they were and who the fuck are you to tell me anything about dating? Wasn't that leech your first love? How did it feel the morning after fucking a cold rock?" I was horrified. "That's none of your business," I whispered, not bothering to fix the fact that I had never actually slept with Edward. I was afraid that my screaming partner would lose even more respect for me if he found out that I was a virgin. Something, I was sure, that he remembered nothing about. His smile was scornful. "Disgusting. I can't believe my pack mate even dreams about you. It's gross. And you're nothing but a tease." He resumed his previous position and stepped closer toward me. I backed away as my breathing hitched, but I moved my body closer to the backdoor. I was now blocking the hothead in. His skin turned red, steam seemingly rising off of his body, like a hot car baking under the sun. His already darkened eyes turned obsidian in color and his fists were so tight that his knuckles cracked, making me cringe. It sounded like bits of glacier breaking under the pressure of water. Every sound echoed in the house just then. "Move," he lowly uttered. "No." "I'm not your sweet Jacob, Swan. I'm not afraid to get rough with you." "Then do it," I challenged. The world stopped. The teenage werewolf was suddenly so close to me that I could hear and feel his heartbeat pounding into my upper chest, mimicking the speed of mine. I almost flinched when he moved his hand, but I knew somehow that he wouldn't hurt me. It was just like with Jacob. I knew Jacob would have never hurt me either, but I was about to hurt my best friend in the worst possible way; I was about to kiss a member of his pack. He was close. I could see the slight sheen across his forehead. I could even see the reflection of myself in his eyes as he continued to stare at me, suddenly unsure of how to act. I had just asserted myself against a hotheaded werewolf, the most volatile wolf in the pack, maybe even the world if there were other packs on other reservations, but I was not afraid to push him, this werewolf. He knew it and I knew it. I felt his nose gently bump onto my cheek and heard him inhale my scent. He was right to do so; I was aroused. He pulled back a little and I grabbed him by the roots of his hair so hard that my hand began to throb, touched his lips with mine and forced my tongue into his mouth. I had never been so upfront before. I couldn't afford to be with Edward, but with him, with this wolf, I couldn't afford not to be this close to him. He seemed surprised momentarily and his whole body twitched, but then he snaked his arms around my hips and returned the kiss, slowly and quite diligently. I retreated a little, my back pushing further into the wall, but he stole back my tongue, forcing me to keep reacting to his heat. His fingers scraped across my whole torso, grabbing my face, and leaving a burning trail behind every surface that was touched. His mouth moved with certainty, but he was so tranquil that I never would have thought that he could ever be so feral with me again. He even seemed tamed. I pushed my body further into him as the kiss deepened and I heard him make a gurgling sound with his throat. "Bella," it sounded like. Sure, now he gets my name right . I shook the thought from my mind, continuing with the kiss. His hips pressed into mine, making my body tingle, and I was sure that all I wanted to do was keep kissing him. I nodded my head, to confirm my own suspicions and he pushed his face into my neck, leaving my lips behind for the moment. "Jesus Christ," one of us mumbled. I was so in tuned with him that I wasn't sure which one of us wanted to kiss more. Suddenly I knew. He grabbed my waist and began kissing a trail from the side of my mouth down to the hollow of my neck. I shuddered against him, but did not pull away. I had never orgasmed with another person before, but I was pretty sure I was close to doing so. He kissed the throbbing vein in my throat, and I smiled as his soft hair grazed my cheek. He angled my face lightly with his tongue, careful not to force me lest I stop him too soon, and touched the bottom of my chin with his right hand. His nose moved, inhaling me again, and I rubbed the side of his face with my palm. What was I doing with this kid? No, not a kid. This was a man. Maybe he could even be mine, one day. "Bella," he said again as hips came between my slightly open thighs. I gasped when I felt something thick and hard between them. I bit my lip and he moved slowly again, closer to my face. I felt his fingers move toward my back, pulling me even closer and he grinned a little. I held my breath as his lips glided over my entire face before landing on my mouth again. I hunched my shoulders and my thoughts became consumed with nothing else but our kiss. "Oh my God, Paul," I finally answered back. *A/N: Promises, promises. ;-)