more. Too desperate. Too wanting . His dick is so hard, so hard, when I pull it out of his black boxers and drop to my knees. There isn't really enough room, but I don't care. It's obvious when he doesn't waste any time pulling my face to him that he doesn't either. I take him in slowly, swirling my tongue around the head. He loves it and I'd smirk if my mouth wasn't full of his dick and I wasn't so damn turned on. He wraps his fingers in my hair and guides me in a hard and fast rhythm. "Fuckin'...love...your...mouth...baby..." he mutters with gritted teeth. I hum around him, thanking God briefly for blessing me with no gag reflex. Pretty sure Edward's doing the same as I glance up and see him mouth 'God'. He's so beautiful like this it hurts. Eyes screwed shut and then wide open before repeating - he likes to watch but I know he wants to hold back longer. Perfect, slightly swollen lips parting as he breaths choppily. Perfect . "Enough. Get the fuck up." Edward eventually barks quietly, tugging my hair so I'll let go of him. I moan a little, sad to have to stop, and release him slowly with a little suckle right on his tip. He growls and yanks down my leggings and ruined panties. I liked those ones, as well . Then I'm back against the door. Our eyes meet for one long moment before he smirks and thrusts himself all in in one go; I choke on a breath and whine, leaning my head forward against his shoulder as he sets a punishing rhythm but one that I crave. One we both crave. "Love your pussy, baby...mine." He mimics my moan a moment later when I sink my teeth gently into his shoulder, beside myself with lust. We're manic. Can't get enough. His hips slap against mine and I arch; crying out, 'cause he hits that sweet spot even harder like this. I tug his hair hard, clenching around him when he growls and claims my mouth again. "So, so good." He pants into my neck. Sweat beads on his forehead and I kiss it away, feeling the coiling in my abdomen that means this will be over soon. "I'm... shit , I'm gonna come... Edward... " his thrusts only speed up when I cry out again, claw his back. The pleasure is too much, too intense, he's too intense. I love it, I hate it, but the orgasm washes over me then and I'm lost to everything but the feeling of him moving in me. Around me. He's everywhere all at once and I can't handle it, squeezing my eyes shut and clamping my inner walls around his dick as he gives, gives, gives and takes at the same time. He has to smother my loud moans with his mouth and then I'm returning the favor a minute later when he slams into me before lazily thrusting in and out, both of us panting for breath. "Jesus, you're fuckin' spectacular." Edward eventually hums into my hair. He's all about cuddling after we have sex but it's not exactly comfy being squashed against a door. Not to mention that I'm gonna have to find a bathroom and clean up before we go back to the studio. "Hmm...you're not too bad yourself." His chuckle rumbles through his chest and makes me giggle. Then, he groans. "Shit, don't do that. I can fuckin' feel it." And I know exactly what he means. There's nothin' wrong with his libido , I think to myself gleefully as his dick hardens a little inside me. We stay wrapped in each other in silence for a few more minutes, just kissing and calming down, before his phone starts vibrating in his pants and we remember that we're meant to be in the studio. "C'mon, lets go back. I need'ta clean up so you go ahead, just say I'm on the phone or somethin'." Edward nods, setting me on my feet. We both grimace when he slips out of me but it's more from annoyance that we have to get dressed than anything else. Once we're dressed I throw him a smile and twist to open the door, but before I can his hands wrap around mine and he presses me into the door. I tip my head back and to the side with a quiet giggle, meeting his hungry lips with my own. "See ya soon, baby." Is his parting murmur as he turns us and leaves the closet with a wink, my mouth turning up into an amused grin as he closes the door and heads back towards the studio we're assigned. Twenty minutes later I rejoin Em, Rose, Jasper and Edward in the studio along with Jai and the other sound engineer, Kyle. Em tells me we're about to be on a video call with our manager, Riley, who's already in Chicago making sure everything's going to plan. Edward and I share a heated glance as I plop down next to Rose on the sofa and all I can think about, even when Riley's face fills the laptop screen, is that I get to have him to myself all night tonight when the others go out on a double date with their partners. Little do they know we'll be having a party for two in the apartment I share with Rose. As much as I'd love to claim them all as my own, Stephenie Meyer owns everything, Example are the real owners of Microphone -which you should all go listen to. Right now- and Starr Records is a completely fictional record company. Just so you know. So, what do you think? I tried to keep it simple but this was the first lemon I've ever written so it's up to you to decide if I got it right :S Big love to Pops for being my Beta! Love, love, love you!