Closet it was a huge success she is thinking of opening another one uptown. She grew up in a town just outside of Chicago with two older brothers and her parents. Jasper was head over heels in love with her and I could see why. She had the cutest personality and so much energy. After dinner was over I offered to help Esme with the dishes and we rudely declined my help "You have more important things to fix, oh sorry I mean do, then wash dishes." Edward didn't hear and I didn't respond. "B why did you decide to come home?" Rosalie questioned as she poured coffee for the table, Katie and Sophia and Alice were in the kitchen getting dessert out and helping Esme. "Oh damage control because my loving husband didn't proof read a contract he signed buying land in Colorado." I said rolling my eyes and you see all the guys shake their head at Edward. What affects our income affects their income. Jasper is in control of security tech and Emmett is head of security and defense when we need. "Don't worry boys its nothing and smile and wink can't fix" I laugh rolling my eyes and you can visibly see Edward thinking back to the contract buying land in Colorado to grow our marijuana plants. He hadn't seen the line where it said when marijuana becomes legal we get 5% of your sales. Or maybe Edward did see them he just failed to realize that marijuana was becoming legal there in three weeks from when he signed it. I had a conference call with them on the plane ride over here and after a threat or two of killing there whole family they nicely agreed to nullify our contract and I bought them out for a fraction of what it should have been and they after a couple more threats returned our money. The real reason I came home was to secure all of our banking accounts because that's how the Mexican were getting their pay, but they didn't need to know that part. I patted Edward's leg under the table. It really was a simple mis-screening mistake. I usually catch all of his little mistakes and mine he catches. We balance each other out when one gets to buy happy. And I stop him from going to war with every mafia because he want's their land and like a baby he can't wait. My father always told me patience is key and the key opens every door. It's been 3 years and 8 months and it still hurts like it was yesterday. The whole world always wants to know why we are donating to end the fight against pancreatic cancer but I just can never talk about it. My father was never a man for the media so I refuse to let them talk about him. Charlie was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer when I was 6 he had every treatment he could receive attempting to get better. I thought he was getting better he just needed more time to train me to run the company. Charlie had always pressed schooling and the importance of number on me. "Number make the world go round Isabella if you can count it and add it you can add it to the bank." He would say. I fast tracked through high school I was in college by 16 and graduating by 21. Charlie made sure to thrust his knowledge of business upon me so I would end up majoring in it. Charlie taught me how to meet with people and how to act in public when I didn't get what I wanted but more importantly what to do when I got home to destroy them and take it anyway. By the time I was 17 I running the company with my brothers Carter, 25, and Aaron's, 26, help. I ran the company while Carter and Aaron protected me. Most people wondered why my father didn't hand the company if the Aaron when he got sick but my father never had an answer all he had to say was "Why? My daughter is doing just fine." By age 21 I was grossing millions making my father proud of me from heaven. Although dead Charlie never really died. I occasionally will get a faint whiff of his cologne or something hard will fall into my lap and my security I never really knew I had was brought in closer. Which is funny because growing up Charlie insisted I learn how to fight and brought me to combat classes three times a week but if anyone came with in 10 feet of me my bodyguards were pushing them away. I worked hard behind the scenes watching our trades and our products where they went how they went. I watched our stocks go up and I pulled out at the right time and bought at an even better time. "Who wants ice cream and pie?" Katie came out singing putting a giant tub of ice cream in front of her. "Katie I would like some if you wouldn't mind sharing" Jasper laughed. "You can each have a spoonful of ice cream the rest is mine!" she said as seriously eyeing us. "Oh yeah? And who is staying up with your crazy sugar high?" Alice questioned her and she devoured ice cream. She couldn't even stop eating to answer. She simply shrugged and continued to shovel ice cream into her mouth. "She got a 70 on her spelling quiz because instead of studying she was watching TV so she got dessert taken from her for two weeks" Carlisle explained to me and I just shook my head. Edward wrapped her arm around my chair and I started to lean into him. I had only been home for half a day and everything had already felt better. But at the end of the day Edward still cheated on me and let me leave.