and slipped a finger in. It was almost to the base when I felt the first hard little lump. I tried fishing it out but it burrowed deeper, slicing the sensitive flesh inside me. I cried out, but wriggled my finger harder until I had a gristly white seed in a hand drenched with blood. I repeated the procedure for three more teeth. Wave after wave of repulsion washed over me — there was breathtaking cruelty in the designs of this 12-year-old, more than your typical newborn tearing off an arm in unweaned rage. This was calculated to degrade. Huh, that will teach you, you whore. I felt blistering anger then. I made a vow that I'd tear off his frigid little cock if he ever so much as touched me again. In a cold rush I realised what superfluous appendages meant. A man had three on his navel. I couldn't help but laugh, sickly, the taste of death speckling my lips. I could thank Alec for solving that mystery. Sometime later, I went in search for a mirror to reattach my teeth. As I left I peeled a layer off, a ghost Bree forever shivering on the parapets with her eyes tight closed, a confession for the stones and indifferent sky. [o] Admittedly, it's a small change, but these days I don't let instinct take over when I feed. I let the human writhe in my grasp and if they're docile I snap a few bones. I squeeze them until they wheeze and bleed from fascinating orifices. Every shake something different falls out. When the pleas rise to the corners of their mouths like the pink bubbles of a punctured lung, my fingers tap the keys of their spine as I draw them closer to share a secret stained crimson. I'm not a clean eater like the others. My mouth closes over their necks and they scream and thrash and I don't stop ripping and chewing until they are a fetid mass of skin and bone shards and hair. My victims all inevitably have black curly hair. It's an ungual fever dream I can't shake so I concede it must be real. No one's noticed me change. Perhaps I was always like this. [o] I was walking the familiar route to Jane's when I was bowled over by a woman running at top speed. "You ruined me!" She screamed, her lion's talons tearing my cloak, my neck, my face. I don't just lie there — I pummelled back with all my might. My hands wracked across her face, leaving marks gouged in bone. It's been more than a year since I turned and my newborn ferocity has well and truly left. I distantly realised I'm losing and this woman will kill me. It's simple physics — she's a lot larger than my fifteen-year-old body. Each one of her hits rattled harder than ten of mine. Her neck snapped back and eyes rolled upwards and an unearthly scream emanated from her throat. I watched the cartilage on her neck jump up and down frantically to support the sound. "My, my, Renata," Jane said with apathy-drenched derision. "The new colour makes you look a little... pale. Are you unwell?" Jane cooed like a bird just come into its feathers as she pulled tighter on the place where her gift came from. Renata spasmed on the floor, rolling round like an animal. I said nothing. I could feel something finally break away from me, white and sealed from any introspection, sinking like the hull of a ship into the deep. Soon, I forgot it was ever there. Jane's pastel smile finally slackened and Renata's screams ebbed into a senseless gibber, the bellows of her lungs pumping up and down. "How could he do this to me — I'm the best shield, damn what they say — oh, if we never knew about Fred, this wouldn't have happened, this is all Bree's fault, she showed him what Fred could do — my beautiful ebony cloak — how could he abandon me, my Aro, oh my lovely Aro—" "Quiet," Jane said, careless as the day her eyes were dark as roses. Today, they're canna lilies. "Leave now." "Are you hurt, Bree?" She asked when we were alone. Still on the floor, I nodded. I felt the swish and current of her through the air as she sat down and took my head into her lap. "I'm so sorry," she whispered, as though sympathy was a lovers' secret. There was something loosening inside her, a gasping knot that had long held too tight unwinding. I was certain it would lead to the cooling of her gift. I refused to let that happen. Her pain was my insurance policy, the maelstrom to my eye. This place was no better than Riley's basement. More civilised, perhaps, but more savage. They knew how to hit hard and they didn't miss. I'd pull her til she was tight as a bow again. "S'okay," I whispered back. Her fingers traced over my chin as her eyes opened with the tentative wonder of a child. She pulled my chin up for a kiss; it was devouring and full of bite and shared nothing with the kiss I care not to remember. There are galaxies here, a billion years and a secret fire to catch the eye of a god. But it did not compel me. My hands idly wind under her cloak and I'm curious. I'm curious if her heart would fit in the palm of my hand. Author's note: Hey thanks for reading! My thanks go to DramaDramaDrama for being a very lovely test audience. She's an amazing writer and I encourage you all to read through her works. I haven't written in a long time and this is my first attempt at a first person perspective. If you can spare the time, please review and tell me what you think! Reviews make me a shinier, happier, improved writer :D