a decision to make." Her hand hovered over a crumbling tower; two people fall from a height, terror on their faces. Her hand trembled slightly. "Then... La Maison Dieu . The lightning-struck tower: catastrophe, disaster, chaos- there is burning, blood, pain-" Agnes closed her eyes, but the images come unbidden: cities burning; a labyrinth; children screaming; lining the edges of a tunnel an overflowing array of human skulls... Agnes took a deep shuddering breath, running a hand over her eyes. She snapped them open again and pointed to the last card, a little apart from the others. It was blank for the number inscribed on the bottom. "Death." "But that is just one possibility... the future rarely follows a foreseen path..." she clumsily swept up the cards and jammed them back in the box. "You must go now," Agnes said, springing to her feet. "No charge. Thank you." With one fleeting look at her brother, she paced out of the room. Aubrey withdrew soon after, more quietly, until just Caius, Marcus and Aro remained. Marcus hadn't moved; staring blankly at the space the cards were. "The boy was talented," Caius admitted after a time. "If I could restrain myself from ripping his head off." Aro nodded in agreement. "Unfortunately, we have no present need for his particular talent... talented he is, undoubtedly. We shall have to keep a close eye on him. Such a shame about the girl, though... I was so sure, after everything we heard about her. But there isn't the remotest possibility that-" he glanced across at his black-haired brother, who appeared to be in deep contemplation. "- and twins ... it was just so promising. But she was nothing but a facade for her brother's true talent." Caius shrugged. "You'll get your pre-cog one day, Aro." "One day soon, I hope," Aro simpered lightly. " I hope... " Marcus repeated, in such a quiet voice it was though he hadn't spoken at all. Across the street, there was a sudden flurry of motion as a murder of crows were disturbed from their evening roost. The murky surface of a puddle pooling in the concave alleyway was as flat as a mirror. Then, lazy rolls of water breathed across it. Then, ripples. Then, waves that rapidly grew bigger and bigger into a spitting crescendo; a tempest in a grungy backstreet. It gave a soft creaking noise, like the rocking of a ship. It was a furiously muddy tornado. It hissed and spat and steamed its dirty, overzealous broth all over the alley walls. In its ecclesial zenith, the waterspout gave birth to a girl. She lysed from the miasma, pale and blotchy face-first, like a newborn. The water's afterbirth splattered all over the walls and caked the girl in brown sludge. Her hand flicked to her face and wiped a small window for her eyes. They oscillated in their sockets rapidly as she took in her surrounds. She tilted her chin upwards, following the plastic guttering to the tiled roof of the three-story apartment complex. She flinched as a raindrop hit her face, streaking a clear path down the edge of her jaw. As homeostasis kicked in the girl shivered in her thin summer dress. Just a few seconds ago- she was sure of it- she had just jumped from a cliff. And unlike the heroine of a certain saga, she had considered its sinister consequence. For a minute she took the twisted contortions of stone and metal as the gates of the abovelands, but dismissed the notion almost straight away. Her surrounds smelt terrible; cat's piss and food spices and a rat infestation (and faintly , the smell of sea-brine); she was surrounded by discarded flyers, empty bottles, bursting bags of a foul odour. The cast-off debris of a undoubtedly human civilisation. She forced herself to assess the situation logically. I don't know where I am. My parents are dead. And a monster... a monster is chasing me. The girl looked over her shoulder, but the thing that called itself her brother hadn't jumped off the cliff after her. The glance only revealed a dead end to the alley; a wall painted with some sort of artistic fluorescence. There was no sign of the waterspout, or indeed, a puddle. It had divulged all over its surrounds. She pulled a strand of seaweed from her shoulder, the relief spilling into her chest as a breath she didn't realise she had been holding. There was no space, no time for second-guessing her decision. The suicide note was the fall itself... the head-rush, the flailing arms, the encroaching midnight Aegean sea... and a clawing, despearte realisation that she didn't want to die . She would've let the monster have its way with her if it let her live at the end. She would do anything to remain alive. Honour is a faculty of those who have never had to endure . I have a second chance , the girl thought, ignorant of exactly how correct she was. I will endure. With these buoyant thoughts in mind, the girl took her first steps in the curious new world. Author's note: Hi there :) This is my first fanfiction - and the longest thing I've ever written. You'd be doing me a big favour by leaving a review and telling me what you think! I just want to clarify the ages of the protagonists before the story progresses... Apart from the story's premise, I try to stay with the cannon presented in the book, the guide, and Stephenie's FAQ (though at times they contradict each other). Unfortunately, this means Marcus is not an absurdly attractive forty-something, but a somewhat lankier 16-year-old boy. (The guide says two things regarding his age; he was turned before he was twenty and is the youngest of the Volturi coven. If Didyme's 17... Marcus is 16.) Afton (you'll meet him soon) is 24. Aro is 25, Caius is middle-aged (*sigh*) as per book cannon. Happy reading!