a flat screen T.V in the center against the wall. There is a long table behind the couch and a coffee table in front of it. The walls of the living room were decorated with things that a mother of the house would use. My guess is that when mom left she didn't bother to take the decorations off the walls. Memories came flooding back as the pictures and decorations on the walls spoke to me. I could still picture mom playing with me until Charlie got home, and once he did dinner would be ready and we would eat. I smiled at the fond memory of mom and I as a child. I shook my head out of thoughts and moved into the kitchen. There is a dining table in the corner and on top there were empty beer cans and old newspapers. I scoffed and shook my head, I'd probably have to tell Charlie to clean up a bit when he gets back. I walk over to the fridge and open it, a few things for sandwiches, bottles of water, and a pack of beer. I'd also have to go shopping unless Charlie likes to eat out every night. I rolled my eyes and grabbed a bottle of water and look out the window in the kitchen, it was night fall already and I haven't finished with putting my clothes or gotten together my things for class. Dinner would have to wait tonight until I did those things. I moved out of the kitchen and towards the stairs where I found myself moving up them. I opened the water bottle and took a few sips while I finished the rest of the steps on the stairs. I reached my room that was down the hall and finished putting my clothes from my suitcases and into the chest of drawers. After that was finished, I walked out of my room and into the bathroom where I found a towel and a washrag that I would use to wash my body. Shit I forgot my shampoo and body wash. I walked back into my room to grab that and a change of clothes for when I get out of the shower. I walked back into the bathroom and turned on the shower. I shut and locked the door to the room and looked into the mirror. My dark brown eyes roamed over my pale face as I unbuttoned my jeans and slipped them off. My shirt came off next and so did my underwear, my clothes falling into heaps on the tiled bathroom floor. I ran my fingers through my hair and my nipples hardened against the cooled air of the house. I shivered and wished the shower water would hurry and warm. There was a little steam coming up from the shower and I reached my hand in the curtain and smiled, the shower was warm. I stepped in and began showering. After I was finished showering and dressed in my pajamas, I brushed my hair and teeth and made my way back to my room. I left the door open and began to put up my clothes. I heard the front door open and shut from downstairs, Charlie must be home. After about ten minutes of finishing packing away my clothes I brought, I then began to get my backpack ready for class tomorrow. I'm not sure what I should take so just the basics for tomorrow. A few pencils, some lose paper, a journal, some pens and a highlighter just in case. I looked inside my backpack as my schedule for classes tomorrow. At 8:30 am I have English with a teacher named Ms. Langley, then at 9:40 am I have Math with a male teacher, Mr. Vaun. My afternoon classes aren't until 4:00 pm so I would have plenty of time to do homework in between classes. I was only taking three classes because I'm still not quite sure what I want to pursue and career in. So I figured maybe I could get a job around town and make some money until I decided what I would like to study. I heard Charlie coming up the stairs, his heavy footsteps could have been heard easily even if the door to my room had been shut. I saw him peek around the frame of my room and smiled slightly at me. He came into my room and put his hands in his pockets, "I'm... uh... really glad you're here, Bells." He pauses for a moment and shifts onto his heels. "After class tomorrow I want to take you to the diner, a few of my buddies downtown haven't seen you since you were little and won't stop bugging me to see you." He huffed a bit and his hand came out of his pocket to rub his mustache. Oh Charlie, so awkward. I mentally had to tell myself not to laugh at how awkward he was making all of this. But I understood where he was coming from, he hadn't seen me in years so it was understandable. I nodded at him after thinking over my schedule for classes tomorrow. "I'll call you once I'm out of classes and we can figure what time would be good for your work schedule." I smile slightly at him and watched as he smiled back just the same. His hairs on his upper lip curled with his smile. He hesitated a moment before telling me goodnight and walking out with the door shutting behind him. I looked at my watch before I took it off to lay it on the nightstand next to my bed with a lamp sitting on top of it. The watch read 10:29 pm and I decided I should be getting some sleep. But that night all I could dream about was red, which was a little weird. Red wasn't even my favorite color. Little did I know that would change drastically the following day.