revealed Alec and Felix. I quickly shielded their minds so Edward couldn't read their thoughts. "Hi guys. Miss me?'' I said telepathically. "Yes. Jane has been so moody since you left," Felix said. "Jane is always moody," I said. "Yes, but she is far moodier because you were gone," Alec says. "Well, I am back now so you will have to deal with semi moody,'' I say with a small smile. Felix and Alec took us to the throne room where I was to be reunited with my two brothers and my lovely little devil angel Jane. When we walked in, the first thing I did was look for my wife. I saw her standing at the far right with the smallest smile ever, so not to be out of character. "Hello, my love,'' I said in her mind. "I have missed you so much." "I have missed you too, my love.'' Jane replied and I smiled. "Edward Cullen, you are back, I see, and with a human," Aro said. "Leave her out of this - she has nothing to do with us," Edward said "She has everything to do with us," Aro said with a smile. "Felix?" "Yes, my lord?" "Call the rest of the Cullen clan here." "Yes, sir." A few minutes later, the whole Cullen clan was in the the throne room. "Carlisle, my old friend, such a nice surprise." "Aro. Why have you sent for us and why is Bella here?" "Ah, yes. Isabella. She is the reason that you are here. Bella, I think someone would like a reunion with you." I started to walk towards Jane when Edward grabbed my arm. "Bella, love, they're dangerous! Don't go near them! "Let go of my arm," I said in a deadly voice. Edward let go, looking at me with fear. I walked over to Jane and gave her the most passionate kiss I had ever felt. I was so happy to be with her again. I heard Edward growling and he pounced. CHAPTER 10 Edward was in the air, ready to pounce on my beloved. I jumped up, grabbed him by the throat, and slammed him to the ground. "BELLA, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?" Alice yelled. "I'm kissing my mate, Alice." "You are my mate, not hers," Edward said. "No. Actually Edward, I am Jane's mate." "NO YOU'RE NOT!" he yelled. "Bella, you are Edward's mate," Carlisle said. "No Carlisle, he's not," Marcus said. "How would you know?" Edward fumed. "I have the gift to see the relationships and bonds of others," Marcus said, "And Jane is Bella's soulmate." "Well, now that that's settled, why don't you come up here and sit on your throne," Aro said, and I walked over and sat down with my mate behind me. Jane put her hand on my shoulder and I kissed it. Edward growled. "Why are you up there, Bella? That is only for Volturi royalty," Carlisle says. "I am Volturi royalty." The Cullens gasped. "But you're a human," Alice said. "Actually, I'm not," and I dropped the illusion. "You're a vampire!" Edward said. "Yes, I am. I was posing as a human to investigate your family because you love humans too much. You told me your secrets and you must be punished." "But that was you and you're not a human," Alice said. "Yes, but to you I was a human." "Bella, honey, can we go to our bedroom? I haven't seen you for a year and I want you to myself," Jane said. "In a minute, my love." Edward growled. "You are mine! Get back over here and stop this perversion!" "You do not order me around! I am your queen and you will show me respect." I warned in a deadly growl. "Bella, how old are you?" Carlisle asks. "Just over 1000." Another gasp. "And you're with Jane, the witch twin? Bella, she's dangerous," Alice said. "She is my wife and you won't talk about her like that again." "She's your wife?" Edward asks. "Yes, she is." "How long have you been married?" "About 998 years. "Wow. That's a long time. CHAPTER 11 "Darling sister," Aro said, "We have a guest coven arriving." "Oh? Who?" I asked. "The Denali Coven." "I haven't seen Eleazar in decades." The throne room door opened and Eleazar and his mate, Carmen came in. "Eleazar, welcome," I said. "Eleazar, how do you know Bella?" Carlisle asked. "I was there when she got turned…" Eleazar said, and went on to tell the Cullen's about me. There was a pause when he described the book and its prophecy that I would have more than one mate. "Wow, that is amazing. Wait - if it was foretold that you'll have more than one mate," Alice said, "then…" "Then Bella, you are still my mate," Edward said with hope in his eyes. "No, Edward. I don't feel the mate pull and Marcus doesn't see the mate bond. I'm sorry." "Eleazar, where is the rest of your coven?" Aro asked. "They are outside the door. They wanted to wait. Where is Caius?" "He was killed by Children of the moon," I told him. "That is why I am now queen." "When did this happen?" "500 years ago." A few minutes later, the rest of the Denali coven come in. Among them was Irina, Tanya, and Kate. When my eyes landed on the Tanya and Kate my beast roared, MATE, MATE. My eyes were glued to theirs and they ran up to me and purred and rubbed their scent all over me, staking their claim. "Well, my dear sister, it seems you have found your other mates," Aro said. "Yes, you two are my mates and Jane is also my mate." "Eleazar told us all about you when he got back," Katherine said. "Oh? And what did he say?" "That you are the most powerful vampire in the world," Tanya replied with a bright smile. "And you're all ours," Jane said. "Yes. All yours." THE END