he thrust up into me. He grabbed my hips, easily lifting me up and then letting me fall down hard; the delicious friction as he fucked me on his cock made me whimper low in my throat. Jacob stared at me, sweat pearling his brow as I sat up slowly, and then slid down on his dick, my neglected cock bobbing around. Then he raised his knees to pull up his legs and cradle my body, sharpening the angle of penetration so his shaft rubbed my prostate, making me clench reflexively around him. Keening, I rode his dick hard, bouncing up and down so fast, the motion caused the sand to flow beneath us and bunch up in the space next to the blanket. "That's it; ride me, man!" Jake panted as he thrust up his hips, his hand caressing my flanks until it brushed my shaft. Jacob closed his fingers around my slick dick, his thumb swirling around the crown as he pumped into me hard and fast. "Hold it just there!" I groaned. The slick drag of his thick dick inside me, his crown stretching my rim as I sat up, and his cock jabbing my prostate when I arched my back meant I could not last long. I came with a groan, my walls squeezing him so hard he grimaced. Nevertheless, my wolf kept fucking me, his jabs growing erratic as he neared his climax. "Edward, you're so tight!" He groaned as he thrust up his hips and came, his hot seed scalding inside me before it leaked down from my hole to his balls. He closed his eyes and groaned at the tightness gripping him like a vise so I sat up, wincing when his cock slid out. I rolled sideways and grabbed a towel from the basket, silently cleaning both of us while Jacob panted, his chest heaving up and down, his russet body enticingly covered by a sheen of sweat. I laid myself alongside Jacob and he spooned me for a while, before moving over me. I would never tire of his warm body covering mine, the scent and heft of him above me. "Was it good for you?" he said with a tinge of doubt. I had to shake my head at that. Jacob feared his inexperience could be a stumbling block in our lovemaking, when I knew he would turn out to be a consummate lover. Jealousy flaring in my chest, I resolved that he would get all the practice he needed just with me. Jacob mistook my expression for doubt, and he leaned down to kiss me, his lips fluttering softly against mine in sharp contrast with the hard fucking he gave me. He broke the kiss, his palm flat on my chest as he propped himself up to ask with hooded eyes. "Do you want this?" "There's nothing more I want in this world." My voice was raw, guttural, stripped to the basics, for that was what Jacob had always done. Reduced me to essentials in anger, despair, and now in bliss. I cradled his face between my hands, staring at those delicate and yet strong features, recalling the way they had twisted in anger when Jacob confronted me so many times in our past. I choked back a sob at the painful memory of him facing the Volturi in his last moments, defiance etched on his face as he looked death in the eye with such gallantry. I had fallen in love with this exquisite man in the space of an eyeblink, in the timeless vision that spanned years. The beauty of his soul, coupled with the perfect body I yearned to possess, was my undoing. "Marry me," I blurted out. Seeing the puzzlement in Jacob's face, I remembered his expression when the imprint broke, and I resolved that he would never again feel so alone and helpless if I could help it. With this realization came the need to lay myself bare to his gaze, to put all the cards on the table and start this journey with the candor and honesty Jacob deserved. I placed my fingers on his lips. "Don't answer yet; there's something you have to know first. When the imprint broke, Alice had a vision of you." Jacob shook his head. "I thought the pixie couldn't see me." "She says the recoil from breaking the imprint increased her powers; the point is, she foresaw a course of action that led to… unpleasant things. The vision took a long time, and I lived those years through your eyes." "Really?" Jacob laid his head on my shoulder. "What unpleasant things?" "Bella dying, and then me, and you." I wrapped my arms around him, whispering over his head. "When I saw you die, it broke me in pieces. Be aware that if you accept me, Jacob, I'll never let you go, for you are quinayalla , the person that binds me to this world and makes my existence worthwhile." "Your soul I am, if you accept mine." Jacob kissed the hollow of my collarbone, licking a path up my neck that made my arousal throb in need. His hands framed my face as he peppered me with kisses. "Wanted to show you this place because this is where I come to recharge my energy and pray to Q'wati in my lonely despair." He nudged my chin so I faced towards the ocean. "The setting sun has seen me at my lowest. It is fitting to be here in this moment of joy." "So you accept?" "Yes, I'll be with you forever!" He rubbed his forehead against mine. "I've dreamed of this moment for so long, of having you by my side." I splayed my hand on his soft cheek and drank the sight of him. "Your eyes show your soul, Jacob, warm as the earth and binding me completely, and I know the paths of our destiny will join in a straight line unto eternity." THE END