It's fingers curled, eyes scrunched closed. Marcus held the baby in his hands, staring at it in complete awe. "It's...it's a boy." Marcus says breathlessly, smoothing his thumb gently over the infant's forehead, as if to soothe it. "He looks like you; Marcus, he looks like you! " Didyme said intensely, standing next to her husband. She slipped her finger into the small boy's hand, feeling it clutch her finger like a lifeline. Venom rose in her eyes, trickling down her cheeks. Madeleine heard the baby's first cries, before she slipped into darkness. The room froze as her heartbeat stopped. "No!" Didyme gasped. Didyme took the baby from Marcus, who began to cry louder, as if he felt his mother's passing. Marcus began chest compressions, desperate to get her heart going enough to pump venom through her. " What are you doing?" Aro said sharply, his hand slamming harder than necessary onto Marcus' shoulder. "Do not defy my decision." " Forget your decision, Aro!" Marcus leaned down and bit into Madeleine's neck, injecting her with venom. Aro growled, throwing Marcus away from her. Marcus' back collided with the wall, cracking it. " STOP IT!" Didyme screamed, the baby's screeching growing louder. She was completely torn between comforting and shushing the baby the protecting her husband - a dichotomy she had never experienced. Her husband was always foremost in her heart and mind. Demetri took the baby, keeping him safe, while Didyme charged at Aro, jumping onto his back and pushing him to the ground. Marcus rushed to Madeleine, pumping her chest fifteen times, but it was of no use. Aro subdued Didyme, his teeth bared. "I hope you understand the seriousness of what you have done." The hypothetical dust settled, and the room quieted, except for the baby, still crying in Demetri's hands. The room of absent of a heartbeat, solidifying Madeleine's fate. Didyme's face crumpled as she put it in her hands. Marcus also looked defeated, but his attention was turned to the small child. He took him from Demetri, looking down into his little, perfect face. The baby was grimacing, as healthy children do, but calmed at once as Marcus spoke. "Hush, my little son. I will make things all right." The boy opened his eyes, seemingly having grown even while lying in his father's arms. Marcus gasped. "His eyes are green." "Just like his mother's." Aro replied, mesmerized by the child - his anger forgotten for the moment. Didyme took great care in arranging posthumus services for Madeleine. She arranged for an effigy to be made of Madeleine's healthy body, hiding her weakened and beleaguered form beneath it. The stone was carved expertly from marble, her features just as beautiful as they were in life. She had a special mausoleum built in the gardens for the placement of her body, hoping to teach her son of his mother's sacrifice, and how pure her heart was. Mere months later, a growing lad of two feet ran down the hallway. "Mama! Papa!" he shouted excitedly, holding a copy of Les Miserables in his hands. Marcus and Didyme both appeared in the hallway, grinning at their beloved child. "Marius! What merits such excitement?" Marcus asked, bending to pick him up and lift him briefly in the air before hugging him close. He propped his son on his hip, looking into his emerald orbs. "Papa, I found my name! Look!" he pointed to a page in the book, mentioning his name. Didyme giggled, kissing Marius' head. "That is not your namesake, but how special to share it with a brave-hearted man as he." Marius grinned, his cheeks positively glowing. Didyme's gaze turned to Marcus, and he gave a soft nod. Didyme took Marius' hand. "My son, amato mia... your father and I would like to tell you something." Marius looked between them both, curious. "What is it?" "We'd like to tell you the story of your mother." Marius suddenly went very solemn, his unnatural maturity shining through. "You've barely told me anything...why now?" "We think you are old enough to understand now. We want you to know her, as you know us." He nodded as his father set him back to his feet, his parents taking his hand on either side. They walked to the blooming gardens, and toward the beautiful tomb locked by a formidable lock. Marcus withdrew a key, unlocking it. Removing the chain, he opened the doors, a quiet creak greeting them. The crypt was dark and cold - Marius feeling goosebumps rising on his skin. The only light that shone in was from a small window atop the wall, a natural spotlight falling onto the stone body of his mother. He approached it slowly, lifting a careful hand to set it on the effigy's. He was silent, Marcus and Didyme gauging his reaction. "Madeleine, right…?" "Yes, mio dolce. " "I feel...like I know her. Like she's here with me." His parents were stunned by Marius' words, listening in silence. "This may sound...daft...but I feel that she tucks me into bed sometimes." Didyme's eyes welled. She walked forward and kissed his brown wavy hair. "Your mother was wonderful and selfless. We would not have you if it were not for her. You are welcome to come here as you wish, and pay homage to her." He nodded, turning around to hug his mother. "I love you, mama." Marcus hugged him from his other side, closing his eyes and feeling the perfect love between the three of them. From above, Madeleine watched. She smiled softly, watching the son she never got to meet with his family. Blowing a soft kiss, she watched it travel down and onto Marius' head, and though she was never asked what she would name her child, she loved "Marius". This kiss gave him protection and blessed his life, for even though she could never hug him like Marcus and Didyme could, she would watch him from the heavens, and love her son from afar.