I want this girl too. Irony. I tell Bella she can love two people at the same time and now I'm in the same situation. Well not really. I don't love her. Do I? Just because my blood says yes doesn't mean it's actually me. Bella has my heart, only her. Right? "Thanks for doing this" she said, almost a whisper. I almost forgot I was still next to her for a moment strictly because of everything going on in my head. Raising an eyebrow I asked, "Doing what? Not having you arrested for trespassing?" Kelly laughed then replied, "No, just hanging out here with me without any unnecessary conversation. Since I've gotten here everyone's had to interrogate me and find out everything there is to know about me. It's nice to meet someone who didn't feel they needed to," Before I could respond or think even she added, "I better get back, if I can find my way that is. I need some sleep before the sun comes up this time," she paused a second then smiled, "It was nice to meet you." She turned in the wrong direction and slowly started walking. She's going to get lost. I can't let her get hurt or not find her way. Leeches could still be around. "You need help?" I said and offered a reassuring smile, "You look lost and you're headed the wrong way. I wouldn't want to have to join a search party." Turning around Kelly grinned, "Thanks but I shouldn't need any help. Besides you wouldn't join a search party for me. You'd tell everyone I'm fine because of my well-honed self-defense skills." I chuckled but then answered seriously, "C'mon. I'll help you back." "It's fine. I have GPS on my phone" She said, pulling it from her pocket. "Out here it'd be better getting directions from someone who knows the area. Using that you'll end up in the trees." She laughed. "Fine, we'll do it your way." I walked her down the lane to her house. I didn't need to talk but wanted to. She didn't want questions though and I didn't want to just talk about the weather. Great. So now I have to learn about her from everyone else who as soon as I phase will now know Jake finally imprinted. Jake finally will give up on Bella. Jake will finally move on. Fat chance. Other than rambling in my head, I caught her short peeks at me a couple times but I didn't know what else to say. She didn't want to share her life story and neither did I. Not yet. I led her to the front door but she sidestepped me, leading me around back to her window. "First floor is handy for sneaking out late." "I see that" I answered, watching as Kelly opened the window and climbed inside. "Thanks by the way, for getting me here I mean. You didn't have to." "No biggie." I turned, relieved to finally be able to call it a night yet partially disappointed. The thought of not being close to her suddenly felt like the worst thing I've ever experienced, even worse than my bones being crushed from that leech. What the hell? I am never going to like this. Suddenly I heard, "Wait." As I turned back to her she said, "Look, this is probably going to sound incredibly awkward and kind of terribly timed considering your sister is coming but I honestly haven't had a night like this in a while where I could just be with someone and not really feel the need to talk all that much or anything. I've kinda needed it lately. So could we maybe hang out again sometime soon?" I didn't expect that. Not for one second. But then the idea came. Imprinting didn't always mean love; it's about what the other needs . And she doesn't need love or want it, it seems. Just a friend, that's all she wants. I can be that. That's all I need too. I can still worry about Bella and this might not be so bad after all. I saw her holding a breath in, worried about my response. I was about to answer when she suddenly burst out, "Just forget about it. If you uh don't want to it's cool I just thought uh it'd be nice to be around someone who doesn't feel the need to uh know my life story you know? Just never mind. Bye." She started to shut her window but I held the window with my hand. I smiled at her, something I was doing increasingly more around her as I replied, "We can hang out. I could probably use some of the same. Rachel's coming to stay for a while so we'll get a chance catch up so just say when and where." "Sure. Great," Kelly beamed as she took out her phone, "Here, put your number in and if you have yours on you I can put mine in." "I don't have mine on me but if you write it down I'll remember," I said, typing my number in. Little does she know how hard it is to carry a phone around when you're a wolf. "Okay" She replied and grabbed a pen and post-it. She scribbled down her number then said, "You can call or text. Whichever and I'll do the same." She handed me the post-it before saying, "'Night Jacob. Thanks again." I nodded as she shut her window and closed the drapes. Maybe this could work. I imprinted yea, but I just need to be what she needs. A friend. That's doable. Nothing else has to change. Bella is still who I want and I will still fight for her, no matter what that leech thinks. Just now I have one more person to protect. Kelly. That's what I'm going to do, protect. Now if only no one else could find out I'd be in much better shape.