His expression didn't change. "We don't need to start problems here. There's two of us, not six. We can't change the rules like we did back home and they wont understand anything." He eyed me for a moment and then nodded reluctantly. Seth was just starting at us weirdly now. "Did you still want to eat with us?" he asked, uncertain. "Sure," Caleb said, glancing at me. We moved to the table of kids I'd suspected we would end up at, and we took the two empty seats. They looked a little confused as we sat down and Seth just grinned and introduced everyone. "So why haven't you made any friends yet? Sounds like your pretty popular," Jake said giving me a small smile to show he was teasing me. "People don't really understand the way Caleb and I are, things could escalate very quickly, that's all," I said shrugging. "Yeah, it looked like it, I thought he was about to rip Matt in half," Jared said in disbelief. "Pretty over protective," Brady added. Caleb and I shared looks and he just shook his head and looked away and around the rest of the cafeteria. I sighed. "Something happened a while back, actually quite a bit happened. I got hurt because of people we thought were harmless and sufficed to say Caleb never got over it," I explained. "What happened?" Jared asked frowning. "I'm not going into details with strangers, as I said, I got hurt a few times. But it's over and done with," I said shrugging, opening the water and taking a long drink. "Other then the free running, what do you guys do for fun?" Colin asked curiously. Everyone having dropped the questions about our slightly painful history. I didn't ask how he knew I was a free runner. Seth had been by my side all morning. "Random stuff. Archery, camping, hiking, rock climbing. We like nature, have since we were kids," I said dismissively. We did plenty. Usually ending with gaming out for an hour before crashing. "Where's your mom?" Brady asked suddenly, and everyone turned to him and he blushed. "She's out of the picture for the moment," Caleb said evenly. I just took another drink of the water, letting the beads calm my now aching heart. I hated thinking about our mother. She was gone. Gone, gone. Gone crazy even. Hell we didn't even know where she was. In fact, her disappearance is what brought me to Brandon and the others. I forced the last memory of her from my mind. It only upset me, sometimes even pissed me off. Caleb just down right hated her. We talked quietly, giving them vague answers when they asked questions about us or our previous life. Jake seemed to like me well enough. "So what's with the tattoo's?" Seth asked me when I exited the girls change room. We had gym together as fourth period. This time I wore basketball shorts for the class, along with one of the training bras. Everyone else was in similar clothing and the teacher tossed me a thin short tank top to put over it. Gym logo I guess. "What do you mean?" I asked frowning. I had two tattoo's, one was a set of angel wings down my back, with white and silver in them. They were huge and covered up most of my back, and they were well detailed, looking a little ruffled but not too much. All six of us had a sort of crest tattooed over our hearts. A half crescent moon, and a sun, attached by a small star with six points for each of us. It was all pressed close together, and both the sun and moon had an inscription and symbols in it. "The wings suit me," was all I said in response to his curious stare. "They look good," he said a little hesitantly. I bumped his shoulder and smiled at him. "I know, that's why I got them," he just rolled his eyes. "Do you play a lot of sports?" he asked next, the teacher splitting us up into groups. Thankfully, and for my benefit, he put Seth and I in a group together. "We did when we were younger, we found a better sport and the school kind of frowned upon it. Too dangerous," I said shrugging, as we moved to the other three team players. We were doing some kind of track and field thing. "Were just up against other teams," a brunette girl explained at my confused look, "i'm hailey, by the way." "Kira." We won the little competition. By a long shot. I even held back a little when I realized how pissed off everyone was getting about it. I hadn't really even noticed. "Will you be trying out for any of the teams?" the coach asked me at the end of class. "Possibly. My brother and I don't normally join these kinds of things," I said truthfully. Practices meant being away from the others and Caleb liked to stay close. Watching me hit a ball or run around wasn't exactly his idea of a good time. And with other hormonal teenagers all of us jostling aggressively just put him on edge. "You have a good arm, fast too, I was impressed, you should think about joining. We have rugby, volleyball and basketball coming up, you should try out, you'd be a great asset," like i didn't know that already , i thought smugly. I felt someone come up towards us and glanced over my shoulder to see Caleb, he looked uneasy. I moved towards him and someone touched my arm, I glanced back to the coach. "Just think about it," the coach said, giving me a smile. "Sure thing," I rushed to meet Caleb before he got too close to us. "Come on, this place is driving me nuts," he muttered, casting a quick glance back at the coach and then guiding us to the parking lot.