still need to explain what happened at your party at the Cullen's. You came back again with stitches. I get that you are accident prone, but did Edward do that to you?" Dad asked. His voice is filled with concern. "No dad, you know me," I muttered. It's not like I can say Jasper tried to kill me because I got a paper cut. "I know you, and I know that you would cover for that boy. No matter what he did, I know you would. I want you to know you can talk to me about these things," he spoke. "Thanks, dad," I muttered. Finally, we pulled up to the place that I had once spent so much time at. That was another life time ago. How much I wished it would be Jake that would imprint on me. He is my best friend after all. We got out of the car and made our way to the front door. Jake opened the door, and smiled when he saw me. How differently does he look, he wasn't as tall as he once was. He wasn't as built, and his hair was long. I remember how much he hated having to cut his hair. He always looked at being a wolf a curse instead of being a good thing. This time around I would do better at letting him know he wasn't a monster. I wouldn't let him think that way of himself. "Bells," Jake spoke. "I'm surprised you came down." I smiled, " I hope I'm not interrupting anything." The reality of it was I wanted to jump in his arms. I wanted to give him a huge hug, I was thrilled he was alive and here. The only thing stopping me was that he would probably think I was weird. "Of course not, they are going order some pizzas. I usually go out in the garage and work on the Rabbit," Jake spoke. "But since you are here, we can hang out with the dads if you would prefer." He gave that big smile, the one that I loved. The one I missed after having my daughter. "We can go to your garage. I would like to see your car," I smiled. I remembered how much he loved fixing that car. It was a shame when he became a wolf, he had to get rid of it. He couldn't fit inside it comfortable. "Are you sure?" he asked with that same carefree attitude. Oh how that will change soon. "Yeah, maybe you can teach me something," I spoke. It would probably be good to learn a few things about vehicles. Maybe then I wouldn't always have to call Jake to fix the truck. We made the walk up to the Taj, I wasn't sure if that is what it was still called. I didn't want to accidentally call it that yet. How we spent so much time here before. How he tried so hard to make me forget Edward, but that never worked. How his eyes would light up every time I cracked a smile. I was selfish, and took him and the pack for granted. I put Jake through a lot, and all for Edward. He had a hold on me, almost like a drug. "What are you thinking about?" Jake asked as he cleaned off a milk crate for me. I smiled as the small gesture, "Thanks, Jake. I'm just thinking about how much I missed over the years. Between living with mom, and then Edward, I missed a lot. I came up here to get dad, and look what I did. I got a controlling boyfriend.I'm sorry Jake." He gave me a weird look and then smiled, "I don't know why you are apologizing to me." After a little while Quil and Embry showed up. They were alive, and laughing, and the were human. I wanted to give them a hug but that would be weird since we just met. "Bella, these two dorks are my friends. Quil is the one who thinks he is a lady man, but girls won't give him the time of day. Embry the one who has the most sense in this group." "Well, it's nice to meet you boys." Quil smiled and grabbed my hand his placed his lips on my hand, "It's nice to meet you too my lady." "I don't know where your lips have been. Is my hand going fall off from some kind of weird disease you may have gotten?" I asked smiling. That caused Embry, and Jake to start laughing. I forgot how much I missed Jake, Embry, and Quil laughing. After I got married things got rough. They didn't joke around as much and after they found out I was pregnant it only got worse. "I think we are going to have to keep her around," Embry smiled. I was going to get to know them this time. Actually get to know them, and not just being here sitting in the back ground. I was going to be apart of their conversations, and not just sitting here depressed. I was going live this time around. The rest of the evening went with joking around. I actually enjoyed spending time with the three musketeers. They weren't that bad once you got over Quil lame attempt to flirt. Embry wasn't as quiet as I had originally thought. He was actually pretty funny, and I regret not realizing that the first time around. "Bells, we better get home, you have school tomorrow," Dad spoke. I said my goodbyes but before I left Jake pulled me into a hug. "Don't be a stranger. There is going be a bonfire tomorrow night. You should come, I think a lot of kids from Forks will be there." "Could I pass up a chance to miss Quil trying to hit on Forks girls?" I chuckled. "I'll see you tomorrow Jake." Let me know what you guys think. Thanks for reading.