friends have been calling non-stop this morning." My friend and assistant, Angela, complimented. "Next time they call tell them I'm in a meeting and my phone died last night from their constant calling-spree." I told her in all seriousness despite the shit-eating grin on my face. "Well, part of that story won't be a lie. Lauren is late this morning, so Marcus wants you at the meeting instead." She reported. "He was probably hoping she wouldn't come in considering what happened last time." I chuckled at the memory. "What does she expect after having one-night-stands with almost every single, legal-aged guy in town?" "The jury is still out on the legal-aged thing, and as for single, not every married man is as happy as your husband, Ang." She blushed then gave me the packets I needed for the meeting and shooed me away to the conference room. As I was walking away, the phone rang. I listened for a bit while waiting for the elevator. "Good morning, Alice." Angela greeted. "I'm sorry she just walked out to a meeting. Yeah, she was running late coming in and had to run off again to make it in time. No, I'm not making this up." She rolled her eyes in my direction. I bit my bottom lip to keep my laughing, but all humor went out the window when the elevator doors opened up. Geeky Mike Newton was already in the car and his eyes widened when he saw me. Fucking damn it. "Oh no, I forgot something." I faked then turned back to my office. "Do you want me to hold the doors till you get back?" He sounded like a lost puppy. "Thanks, but no thanks, Mike. I'll meet you up there." I gave him a quick smile then walked quickly in the direction of my office. Angela was on the phone again, this time speaking with Rosalie. Angela may be shy and quiet outside of work, but she has the backbone to be both professional and firm on the phone which is great for some of this company's toughest clientele and when dealing with a pregnant Rosalie. I'll have to treat her to the bakery next door as a big fucking thank you later. Luckily, the stairs are near my office and around the corner, the only problem is I had to run up them to make it in time for that meeting. The boss despises tardiness. I took a few extra seconds on the landing to catch my breath before I opened the door. I saw Marcus's back as I was coming out of the hallway, he was blocking someone he was speaking and shaking hands with. "Ah, Isabella, thank you for coming on such short notice." The man must have eyes in the back of his head. I was about to reply when my eyes moved to the potential employee and they nearly fell out of the sockets had I not composed them in time. "It's not a problem, Marcus. I'm happy to help." I said with a professional smile tacked on my face. "Good, let me introduce you to our next interviewee, Edward Masen." Marcus continued. I could see in his eye that he has practically hired Edward already. He was excited, and me, I was trying not to drool. Especially since Edward was wearing those sexy black, thick-framed glasses. Oh let me find a fucking rabbit hole to fall down in. "Hello, Isabella, a pleasure." Edward's smile was crooked, but I saw the smirk underneath it. "Well then, let's get started." Marcus ushered us into the conference room. "Ladies first," Edward beckoned me in after the boss. My assumptions were correct. This interview was more of a meet-and-greet meeting. Mike needed to be here because he would be training Edward, but instead of Mike managing the new guy it would be the other way around. Me, I was part of the HR division and made sure Edward signed on the appropriate lines. "Welcome aboard, Edward." Marcus stood and held out his hand. Edward took it without hesitation. "Thank you, sir. I can't wait to get started." He replied. "Perfect, Isabella, when will that paperwork be finished for our new employee?" "We can get them done before lunch, and I can give them to accounting today. Edward could technically start as early as tomorrow, if that it's convenient for you." "I'll be here at seven-thirty sharp then." Edward agreed. "Perfect, see you in the morning, Edward." Marcus shook Edward's hand once more before leaving. Mike was right behind the boss not wanting to say anything further in case he angered his new manager. "I have to get back to my floor, but I'll see you again tomorrow, Edward." I said heading for the elevator doors. "I'll follow you out, Isabella." "Call me Bella. I'm sure we'll be seeing each other frequently." "Computer problems," he guessed. I gave him a coy smile. "Working with those old programs often causes our systems to crash on us." "Sounds like we'll be spending a lot of time together, Marcus mentioned I'll be working on updating databases and programs mostly." "I hope HR is first on that list." "I'll make it my top priority, as well as to be there whenever the need arises." I simply gave him a smile knowing he was referring to meet both in and out of the office. "Thank you." Earlier when I saw Edward I felt like that slut Lauren, but now I feel the possibilities of a relationship coming. As well as the satisfaction of getting the twin cupids off my fucking back. Speaking of which, in their last messages they demanded I meet them for lunch or else they would stalk me at work. Hmmm…I wonder if it's too late to ask Edward out for lunch. I have his phone number on the paperwork in my hands. "Hello," the way he answered, the bastard was expecting me. What a good boy he is.