creek until he reached a cave. Inside he found a giant scorpion." "He must've been scared," Jake said. "He was." I nodded. "But he was a warrior of his tribe, and this was a new peril and he needed to find out more about it." "Sure, sure." "So he went into the cave and stared at the giant scorpion, its black shell glinted in the dim light coming from the mouth of the cave. The warrior picked up a huge rock and prepared to drop it against the scorpion's carapace, but then…" "What happened?" "The scorpion spoke. It said, 'Do not kill me, mighty warrior, for I am a shifter just like you. I'm human, you see, despite this frightful body. I suffer and feel just like you.'" Jacob's fingers traced a path on my shoulder as he nodded. "And then?" "The warrior said, 'How do I know you're really a shifter and not a big scorpion? Phase back so that I may see you.'" I leaned backwards, my body unconsciously seeking Jacob's warmth. "The scorpion became this tiny, frail woman. Its glittering shell turned into luscious locks, the pincers became soft, pale arms." "And I guess they fucked and lived happily ever after." Jacob broke our contact, narrowing his eyes as he frowned at me. "Nope, that's not what happened." I stood up and picked up my clothes, donning them in a whirlwind. "Hey, where are you going?" Jake raised his eyebrows. "I have to hunt, Alpha," I said, raising my hand to point at my dark eyes. "We'll continue tomorrow. If you don't throw me to the wolves, that is." oOoOo Quil leered at me, his lustful gaze lingering on my bare chest. He leaned towards me and whispered in my ear, "I hear you are quite the dish, Emmett. If things don't work out with Jacob, give me a call." I couldn't help my throaty laugh, and I hit the tall Quileute's shoulder as we entered the bedroom. Jake's deep growl surprised me. He was reclining on the bed as he shot up from the mattress, the sheet hitching around his slim hips. He narrowed his eyes at the sight of my hand on Quil's shoulder. "Leave us, Quil!" "Sure, Ja… I mean, Alpha." Quil dashed out of the room as if Jane was hunting him. "I don't want to see you near him," he growled. "I don't share what's mine." I felt my trousers tightening around my length. Witnessing the jealous side of Jacob had me hot and bothered, the way his eyes drilled into mine, his knuckles white as he gripped the edges of the sheet, his nostrils flaring as he sought to contain his anger – Jake was the promise of sinful delights. I expected manhandling and a rough fuck, but instead he sat down and patted the side of the bed. "Entertain me." "I beg your pardon?" "Are you deaf, leech? I said, entertain me." Jake lowered his chin, and mumbled low under his breath. "Too angry right now, could hurt him." With a sigh, I went to the bed and laid down, my back propped against the headboard. Tonight Jake was using Alice's bedroom. It had the latest Egyptian sheets with 1,000 threads or whatever, and those crazy rings with candles she had become addicted to. Jake raised his hips to take off his briefs, his thick burgeoning cock visible for a moment before he raised the sheet to cover himself. Turning towards me, he noticed I was staring at him and raised his eyebrows, cocking his chin at my jeans. Nodding slowly, I hooked my thumbs around the belt loops and popped upon the buttons before lowering the jeans and kicking them off to the floor. "I want to hear the end of the story, and if you have another one and it is good, I will fuck you hard." "Oh, that's… an interesting reward." I shot him a crooked grin and Jake nodded, indicating I should start. "Where was I?" "The scorpion turned into a beautiful brunette," he said, his sad gaze lost in the gloomy bedroom. I wondered if he was thinking about Bella and the tricks she endlessly pulled on him. "The scorpion shifter noticed the warrior's arousal, and leaned down to kiss those pouty lips, her hair tickling the warrior's face." "And they fucked and lived happily ever after." Jake repeated the words he had said last night with a weary tone. "No, they fucked for a few days. The scorpion shifter, whose name was Kachina, was delectable to the warrior, and the man forgot his obligations to the tribe and the reasons for the spirit quest he was undertaking. And on the third day, just when they were preparing to make love, Kachina phased into her scorpion form and stung the warrior." "Damn!" Jake growled. "Fucking traitor. The warrior should've killed her when he could." "As the warrior was dying, Kachina phased back and gazed at him with a contrite expression: 'Forgive me, she said, but I'm a scorpion, it's in my nature to sting. I'm so mean that I don't deserve to live.'" "Fat lot of good it did to the warrior," Jake mumbled. "The bitch got what she wanted." "Nope, the tale does not end here." I said. "Gathering his last strength, the warrior took out a dagger from his tunic and slit Kachina's throat. When she was in her death throes, the warrior whispered before he died, 'And it's in my nature to fight.'" Jake turned to me and shot me a bright smile which made my undead heart flutter. "Great! At least he avenged himself! I love it! You're a great storyteller." "Not really." I waved my arm around. Truth of the matter was that I used part of a videogame Jake and I used to play to weave the tale. Jacob yawned and raised his hand to cover his mouth. Then he glanced at me. "Do you have another story?" tbc