to her. She arched up on the exam table, but he held her down by placing one of his arms across her lower abdomen again. "Whoa, Bella. Are you alright?" He smiled at her reaction. "Fine," she squeaked out. "You just caught me by surprise." "Sorry, that's the last thing I'd want to do. " He stifled his laughter. He started to move his finger inside of her. "I just want to check your ovaries. It shouldn't take too long." He moved his finger further in, taking his time so they could both fully enjoy the action. She was starting to feel dizzy from the heat being created by her own body. She wanted to move, but was cautious to do so. She didn't want him to stop. There was a distinct squelch from his glove as he placed a second finger inside of her. He moved them both in and out, sliding deeper and deeper until her hips bucked against his hand. He had brushed up against something hidden way down inside of her, and he beamed once he realized what he'd found. Knowing he'd hit the jackpot, he began to massage that place buried inside her. "A woman's body is a very special thing, you know." He observed, moving one of his hands back up her body and to her hard nipple and lightly pinching it. "They can be pleasured in the most fascinating of ways. Different places on the body, that you'd never know even resembled an erogenous zone. But today, we don't care about other spots, do we?" He moved his fingers faster inside of her, and she clenched around them, practically fucking his hand. He smirked, knowing what he had planned for his next move. He stopped his motions, leaving her breathless and disappointed and panting. He removed his fingers from her body and backed away, only to move closer to her head. "You're awfully flushed, Bella. Maybe I should take your temperature again," he suggested, unbuckling his belt with one of his hands. She tried to keep eye contact, but failed when he dipped his hand into his pants and pulled out his impressive cock. She licked her lips, turned her head and opened her mouth, ready to take him. He stepped to her and thrust his hips forward. He placed his hands on the back of her head and guided his hard cock into her wet mouth. She moaned softly around the head of his dick, before sucking and licking it, trying to take all of into her. Realizing there was much more he wanted from her, he shuddered in enjoyment, but pulled away from her face after only a few minutes. "What…where are you going?" she inquired once he was free of her. "Shhh…don't worry, Bella." He patted her cheek and moved back between her legs. He tapped her knees and she shifted her butt to the edge of the table, before spreading her legs further apart to allow him plenty of room to maneuver. He ducked his head and ran his tongue over her pussy, first lightly over her outer lips, before running it over her clit. He did the same circuit, over and over again until she was completely pliant and wheezing out his name with every touch of his tongue. He pulled her clit into his mouth, sucking on it, until he felt her body close to convulsing. He released it, blew on it for good measure and stood back up. He moved his pants lower down on his body, stepping out of one of the legs. She placed her feet on the exam table, close to the edge and pushed her legs as far apart as they could go. He shot her one last look, as if challenging her to stop him, but she only nodded for him to continue. He ran the head of his dick around her outer lips and clit a few times before gently pushing inside of her. She whimpered when he was seated all the way in. "Yes…" he moaned, moving slowly, before gathering more speed. She thrust her hips up to meet him and he picked up his pace. "Harder…" she begged. "Faster…more… I need…." Her words incoherent, her body at his mercy. "Please…please…please…" He moved faster then, as their hips met thrust for thrust. Her orgasm hit her by surprise, and with a final cry, she clenched around him so tightly it caused his strokes to become erratic until he finally came as well. He slumped over her as their breathing went from panting to heavy until finally back to normal. He gave her breasts a few more licks and sucks before he pulled out and wiped his brow. "You'll be pleased to hear you passed your examination," he said before pulling off his gloves and tossing them into the trash. "Are you sure you didn't hit any bumps when you were in there, Doctor? The ones that shouldn't be there, I mean." She coyly commented, batting her eyes. "I can always check you again. Maybe a private consultation sometime? At my house of course. It's a more relaxed atmosphere. Not to mention private." He nodded towards the exam room door. "I agree we should be very thorough. After all, this is important." She hopped off the table and walked to the chair holding her clothes. "I'll see you later?" she asked, pulling her satin panties back up her legs. "I should be home by seven." He looked at his watch and frowned. "Shit, I'm running late. I've got to run. Next time, we'll need more time." He smacked her ass, grabbed his stethoscope and left her to finish getting dressed. Bella discarded the paper from the exam table and checked to make sure she wasn't leaving anything behind that she shouldn't leave there. "Bye, Shelly," she called, waving at her as she exited the clinic. "Bye, Mrs. Cullen!" Shelly shouted back. A/N: and there you have it. Short + dirty