her face warmed in a pleasantly rosy blush as her lips turned up in the slightest of smiles. Riley's ears tinted red as he remembered spilling his drink on this lady who was, in fact, as nice as she looked. "Um, I'm real sorry about your jacket, Miss," he mumbled at the floor, kicking a little dirt with the toe of his turquoise galosh. "I di'nt see May's foot and I tripped over." To Isabella's immense surprise she felt a pang of sorrow for Riley as he became visibly upset about his accident at the party. She bent quickly to his height and paused, unsure as to what she should say. It had been a long time since she'd spoken to a child like this, so close and with foreign emotions taking over her mind. "I didn't really like the jacket anyway, you know?" Pup, sensing his new friend's sadness, sat pressed against Riley's muddied legs and leaned his head up to lick his hand in comfort. "And it was only an accident, so I promise I'm not mad." Edward smiled, seeing that Isabella was a little nervous about talking to Riley but trying to reassure him all the same. He wasn't sure whether it was because she didn't like children or whether she wasn't used to them, but something about her wary demeanour made him want to know more about her. Lost in thought trying to remember if Jasper had mentioned his sister having a partner, he missed what was said next between his son and Isabella, tuning back in as Riley dug in his pocket with a big smile and pulled out a handful of red M&M's - his favorite candy. "D'you like M&M's, Miss Swan? These are my favorite ones 'cause they're red and red's my favorite color. I can share them with you though 'cause you're nice, right Daddy?" Riley barely spared him a glance but Edward nodded confusedly anyway, shocked at his son's out-of-character offer to share his candy. "I don't really eat candy, Riley, but thank you. You enjoy them." "You don't eat candy ? Why not? Are you 'lergic? My friend Parker back in Boston is 'lergic to peanuts so he can't eat them or he gets all puffy. Do you get puffy when you eat candy?" Riley asked with a sympathetic tilt of his head. He couldn't wrap his five year old mind around not being able to eat candy. The idea was abhorrent to him. Edward stifled a chuckle, waiting to see what she said. He had to admit -even if it was only internally- that he was curious to know anything and everything about this woman, especially as the strange sensation of feeling as though he recognised her from somewhere began to creep up on him. An oddly discordant laugh bursts free from Isabella's lips before she inhales a shaky gasp. As though a mask is lifted, gone is the almost-smile on her face, in it's place a look of abrupt panic. Edward and his son share a worried glance, watching as she stands quickly and takes a large step backwards. Pup scampers to her, letting her scoop him up against her chest without fuss. "I need..." she trails off, emotion choking her breath as memories assault her mind. "I've got to go. Goodbye." The Cullens watch her turn tail and jog back the way she came just minutes ago. The muted thud of her front door behind her echoes out into the forest, scarpering a small flock of birds in a neary tree. "Did I say something rude, Daddy?" Riley asks with a furrowed brow, taking his dad's proffered hand as they begin the walk back to the road where they parked the car. Edward's mind spins as he tries to work out what happened to scare her off like that - he comes up with nothing. "No buddy, she must just have realized she was running late for something. You know what women are like, they need lots of time to get ready for stuff." Riley side-eyes him suspiciously. "You sure?" His dad's slightly distracted nod satisfies him so he lets go of his hand and runs over to the trees, gathering pretty leaves dropped by the trees to herald the start of fall. Even by the time the pair arrived back at home Edward hadn't come to a conclusion regarding Isabella's sudden disappearing act. Meanwhile, on the other side of the front door, Isabella sank to the floor and cried guiltily into Pup's sandy fur. It had been a long time since she'd found herself indulging in her adoration of children and their fascinating minds. Nearly five years, in fact. When she was younger she'd seen herself with a troop of children of her own, perhaps with her deep brown eyes or her father's dark curls. Now, at the age of twenty-six, that dream was farther away than it had ever been. The acknowledgement in her mind that she had been almost enjoying herself a few moments ago dug into her frail heart like a knife might slice through butter. Who was she to laugh and have fun when there were two people close to her heart who never again would? Believing that behavior selfish of her Isabella resolved to keep her distance from Edward Cullen and his adorably disarming green-eyed boy. It would be better for everyone involved, she reassured herself as she lifted her body from the floor and moved toward the bathroom to clean her face. After all, what would either Edward or Riley want with a broken shell of a woman like her? She had nothing left to give them, everything lost the very same day that a shiny new BMW careened from the side of a hill in the Hamptons containing two elderly Swans, an actor worth much more than millions of dollars to his adoring fiancée and a dark haired toddler with his mother's chocolate brown eyes. So, thoughts so far?