Let me taste that sweet cunt." Rosalie paused her oral ministrations just long enough for the encouraging words before returning to assaulting the swollen and aroused mound. It took less than a half-minute for Bella to find the edge of orgasm, then willingly plummet over it. A loud, harsh curse shot up from her throat, and Bella felt herself gush. Her cry was louder than she had ever remembered producing, her delicate lower lips wetter than she ever remembered being. Below, Rosalie lapped up the flowing ambrosia as best she could, taking in the librarian's nectar. As Bella had done to her before, now Rosalie kept her mouth firmly against the vulva, prolonging the deep and intense climax. Bella rode the tsunami of orgasm, her body beginning to visibly shake. Rosalie finally let go of the lock she had, her face covered in the glistening fluid of love juices. A string of saliva and Bella's arousal connected the two set of lips. A light pat on her thigh signaled Bella to allow the rocker free. Rosalie rose as Bella sat down, her legs weak and shaking. The rocker very quickly kissed her fan, their tongues soon meeting, and exchanging the taste of each other. Bella could hardly utter a word further before she felt the slender fingers stroke her gently. "You tasted so good, hun." Rosalie said before she dropped her lips and kissed Bella's throat, eliciting another moan from the woman. Bella allowed herself to simply follow, she was exhausted, but not yet satisfied. She wanted, needed more. She breathed in deeply, the scent of her idol, her beloved rockstar, her lover entering her nose, mixing with the smell of sex. It fanned the flame in her chest. Bella wanted more, and she said so. "Oh god, Rosalie..." Her hands roamed over the singer's slim body, eventually finding her sex to stroke, "I want you..." Rosalie pulled away from her kiss, and smiled, "I know baby, I want you too. So we will give each other what we want. Open your legs." Bella complied obediently, exposing herself once again. Rosalie repositioned herself, lifted one leg and let it come to rest on top of Bella's. As she took the position, Bella understood, recognizing the move. She flashed back to late nights, a bright laptop screen, and soaking wet panties. The librarian moved her leg to lay over the rockstar's. Rosalie seemed somewhat surprised that the brunette took to the position so quickly. One look into those big brown eyes, however, and the blonde singer could see the depth of her arousal, the secret face behind the unassuming librarian. Rosalie pushed her hips forward, and the hot, silky smooth lips of their sexual centers collided. Instantly their hips ground and gyrated. Bella and Rosalie rubbed against one another, their clits rubbing in passing, sending miniature shocks through their bodies. They moaned in unison, Bella's low lusty moan joining the chorus of Rosalie's trained melodic voice. Together they drove one another into a frenzy as their desires rose ever higher. Their hips thrust together, and each grasped at the other, desperately clinging to ensure continued contact. "Hun, tell me you love it!" The blonde said in between panting breaths. "Oh god, yes! I love it!" Bella cried in return "Your pussy is so good, hun, it's gonna make me cum!" "Me too! Me too! I'm almost there!" Bella's eyes locked onto the rocker's. They watched each other as they drove against one another again and again. Each could feel it building within them. One final collapse. Steadily they built their tower together, higher and higher. One final look, and they each knew, wordlessly, that it was coming down. They pressed against each other one last time, and the tower collapsed, and they fell into the abyss of pleasure. Their womanhoods flooded together and their bodies spasmed. The dressing room was filled with their satisfied howls of pleasure. Their lower lips stayed in a locked kiss as they rode the thunderous climax. Suddenly, they went limp, and slumped against one another. Together they fell over onto their sides. Their legs straightened out, but remained entwined. They held each other tenderly, their chests pushing against the other as the labored, sharing the air between them. They each leaned in, and their lips met, softly. The urgency now dissipated, it was a slow, melting kiss, a kiss shared by knowing lovers. Neither had been kissed that way before, nor kissed someone in that way. Silence ruled the moment as they embraced and held each other. Eventually, and with great difficulty, they broke their kiss. Their eyes met and they stayed locked. Still there was silence. They watched one another, each basking in the afterglow beauty of the other. Their bodies pressed against one another, unwilling to be apart. It was Rosalie who broke the silence first, much to Bella's relief, though not for long, "I have a concert next weekend. On the other side of the ocean." Bella's heart sank, how could she pick this time to say something like that? "Oh... I see..." She looked away. "You're coming." Rosalie said, her voice solid, Bella looked back in surprise. "What?" The blonde's hands began to roam over the librarian's body, her finger following the feminine curve of her lover. The hand flowed over her hip, to her lower back, aimlessly wandering the wonderful body. "You want me, don't you?" Rosalie asked, her eyes looking into Bella's. Bella could feel them pierce her, seeing deep down into her. Bella spoke the truth, from her heart, where she was certain Rosalie could see, "I do. Yes." Rosalie smiled, the fingers upon Bella's lower back spiraling around, towards a central point, "Good, because I want you too." The idly traveling hand reached it's final destination, stopping to rest over the center of Bella's tattoo. Her palm rested upon the red heart, holding it as if it belonged to her. As far as Bella was concerned, it did.