and snug. As your new found friend, it's my duty to make sure you don't murder your lip by the time this wedding is over." Edward finishes adding a little kiss on my hand, that leaves it tingling from the kiss. My laugh rings out a bit making my body shake with excitement rushing through my veins. "Wow, Edward. I didn't think you could be so… cheesy." A red outline appears on his cheeks trying to cover it up by moving a little bit away from my body. A tap touches my shoulder making my eyes go into a different direction. Carlisle begins to give us the signal. It was time for the ceremony to begin. It was time for my friend to move forward with her life. It was time for me to grasp my best friend's brother hand and yank him down the aisle with me. It was time. The sounds of the piano begin to play a sweet, sappy song. The song making me want to dance majestically. High-pitch sounds were ringing out, earning a couple of groans from Edward. If we were sitting, I would have popped him on the head, but I didn't want to ruin Alice's wedding. We kept walking. Our steps were in sync. Our lips were slightly parted as we took our last steps. The magically wedding was over before we knew it. Eventually, my body was leaning against the countertop of the bar asking for another drink. I finger tip touches my shoulder feeling like ice, sending shivers up and down my spine. "Hey, Bella." His whisper sounds of a million of bells ringing. "Hey, Edward. Did you finally decide the only way to enjoy a wedding is my drinking away?" I inquire with a tiny, goofy smile appearing on my face. I could feel a slight drowsiness go through my body. The room was starting to become fuzzing. A warning from the brain that I was becoming buzzed after only two drinks. He shakes his head letting a low chuckle out. "No. I'm just making sure my sister's best friend doesn't drink herself into a coma. I don't think Alice wants to have to drag your ass home after the reception. I'm pretty sure her and Jasper have a room at hotel far from here." I hum a little listening to the song in the background. My hips start to sway to the music. Dancing to the beat. My curls start to bounce with me as I hop in the chair a bit. Edward's green eyes watch my dance with a wicked spark in his emerald eyes. The music starts to pick up the pace making me grab onto Edward's hand. I drag him to the floor and he follows me reluctantly. His hand smashes into his face giving me a weird glance. "What are you doing, Bella? I'm not dancing." I roll my eyes letting the fuzzy feeling take over my body completely. His body gives in letting me dance around him. He takes his hand in mine, watching me closely with his dark green eyes. Alice peers over at us giving Edward a nod, then her eyes turn to me giving me a wink and a small laugh. I laugh with her. His emerald eyes stare in confusion at me. I shake my head slightly, a goofy smile appearing on my face. My body takes me back up to the bar finding the next treasure. A drink of tequila. The hardcore stuff. My body instantly reacts to it. My eyesight goes away with everything blurry and my mind was like completely gone. I couldn't control myself now. A concerned expression takes his face now. "Bella, I think we should take you up to your room." Edward cuts in trying to stop me from drinking myself into an unconscious state. I shake my head pointing to the now filled tequila shop in front of me. "It's your turn. T-time to take a ride on the woozy trainnnn." I let out with an excited laugh. Edward laughs with me finally giving in completely slamming the shot down his throat. "Chuggg it." I sing. Edward wipes his mouth as he sets his empty shot glass down shaking his head from the aftershocks of the drink. "Okay Bella, only a couple of more and then I'm taking you to your room." Edward drinks one… Two… Three… I begin to lose count and his body is as drunk as I am now. He is leaning against me with tequila vapors coming off of his clearly. His strong scent of wood and smoke hit me like a wind storm. His scent made me want to get closer to him. It was intoxicating. His arm was tightly wrapped around my waist keeping himself upright and keeping me from falling to the floor. His drunken laugh sounds of a million bells still. I smile. He leans forward letting his breath touch the tip of my ear. A shiver goes down my spine. My mind as given up on comprehending his actions. My drunken state has made its appearance. "Do you want to come to my room?" My mind says 'no', but my body is reacting differently. My body came closer to his, rubbing myself against him. I nod my head biting my lip making his green eyes darker. His hand wraps around mind bringing me instantly closer to his warmth. "Lets go then." My mind continues to say no, but my body follows him to his room. I guess thanks for all of the reviews I may get for this story. I know this is terrible and my writing is not exciting. This may only be an one shot if I don't get any reviews hardly. I need to fix alot of errors which will be fixed at the end of this story. Shot outs to all of the people in the next chapter for all of the people who review. Like I said... Thanks! -Dani