cheerleading, and the friends it brings me, but I wouldn't be able to cheer here in Forks. Their team is already established. I've never not been a cheerleader before, so I don't know what I'm going to do with myself. "Oh. Well…there's always next year." He said, sensing my disappointment. Dad just kind of looked down at his food. I know he felt bad about uprooting our lives, and this just reminded him. I, of course, immediately felt like a jerk for making this harder on him. He's just doing what he thinks is best. After a slight moment of awkward silence, Uncle Billy started talking again. "So how'd the furniture shopping go? Get everything you need?" "Oh yeah. In just a few hours. They're delivering tomorrow." Dad said, straightening up now that the conversation was back on safe territory. "That reminds me! I was going to ask you…We wanted to take advantage of the empty house tonight by painting it. That way we don't have to worry about protecting the furniture, you know. Where's the best place to get paint?" "Probably Newton's Sporting Goods Store. It's right off Main Street. You can't miss it." He answered. "Oh great! Thanks." "Don't forget to use primer first. The white walls in our hallway? They used to be red. It took me about a million coats to cover it up without primer!" We all had a good laugh at Uncle Billy's expense. The rest of diner was spent trading stories. It wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it'd be. Uncle Billy is pretty hilarious! I'm actually looking forward to getting to see more of him. o*O*o*O*o*O*o After dropping Uncle Billy off on the reservation, we headed back into Forks and onto Main Street to look for this Newton's Sporting Goods Store. It wasn't that hard, actually. When you're living in a town the size of a postage stamp, it's actually really hard not to find something. For my room, I ended up lime green paint. Because I'm awesome, I also got a little bit of black paint (I only want my ceiling and one wall black, sort of like a design statement, I guess), and glow in the dark paint. Aw yeah! This is gonna look so rad. After thinking about it again, Dad decided he didn't really want to deal with painting the rest of the house. He thought it'd take a lot of work for little reward, and I have to say, I agree with the man. So we were all just painting our own bedrooms (well, Carson was really painting the guestroom, but…who cares). "Did you guys find everything okay?" the baby-faced guy at the register asked as he rang us up. He was…cuteish. I guess. He looked about my age, with blonde hair, blue eyes, and big cheeks. The nametag pinned to his sweater said his name was "Mike." "Yep, found everything just fine thank you." Dad replied. "So, are ah, you guys new in town? Or just visiting?" Mike asked. He was addressing all of us, but looking at me. I had to restrain myself from rolling my eyes. Kid thinks he's smooth. Dad apparently missed Mike's sentiment. "New. Just moved back up here from Texas. I grew up here, you know." "No kidding?" Mike said, finally glancing at my father. "You must be the Gilbert's then!" Carson and I looked at each other, both totally creeped out. I turned back to face Mike with my eyebrow raised. "Forks is a small town. A really small town. You'll find that out soon enough." Mike said, sensing my discomfort and responding with a grin. "Ahh." I said. Perfectly logical answer, I guess, but I took a step back anyways. "So…you guys going to Forks High?" He asked, once again looking just at me. "Graduated." Carson grunted. I could tell that he was already getting tired of this Mike guy. I said nothing, so I wouldn't draw any more attention to myself. But Dad seemed to take this as a cue to talk for me. "Rebecca here is going to be a junior, though." He said, putting a hand on my shoulder. I could have killed him. I do not want to get all buddy buddy with this kid. "Oh cool! I'm Mike Newton. I just graduated last year. My family owns this store." Mike officially introduced himself and held out his hand for me to shake. I took it reluctantly, just hoping this awkward little interlude would pass by more quickly if I semi-participated. "Maybe I'll…see you around." "Yeah…maybe." I replied. Thankfully after that, Mike actually got around to ringing up our items, so we paid and left. "Well he's…friendly." My brother mumbled in my ear on the way out. I could tell he was dying of laughter at my discomfort, so I socked him in the arm. Then we drove home and changed into clothes that we didn't mind ruining with paint. We got all prepared to start painting, and then realized we didn't have a single paint brush in this entire house. We'd bought paint and primer, but it never occurred to any of us to get any brushes. "Well…now what?" Carson asked as we all stood in the hallway next to our respective paint cans, at a loss of what to do. "Well…um." Dad scratched his head. "I guess I'll go call Billy really quick and see if he has any we can borrow." He whipped out his cell phone, and dialed the number. After a quick talk, he hung up. "He has a few we can take. We've just got to go get them." He said. "I'll go, Dad. I've got to figure out the layout of this town soon anyways. And there's no time like the present." I said grabbing the truck keys with fake enthusiasm. "Great. Thanks Rebecca. Carson and I will put down the tarps while we're waiting." "Cool. Be back in a few!" I called, walking out the door.