stage. This happen." Peter spoke," Charlotte and I found him near Austen, Texas this after you left. We know him and I know all his secrets, he has many powers and he can turn off gifts and a copies gifts from other people but he have a lot a of dangerous Talents like Augmentation, Turn off powers in range, Seer, Mind reader, Mind Compulsion, you know when he meet you all 5 years ago he has yours powers and everyone there that day included his." I spoke up " I sorry for copied your powers, I was being safe and I didn't want to want to fight you all. I am one of the most deadliest vampires today but I can be fun, I had a dark period. I have fought and killed many people, vampires' mostly newborns, werewolves and a few dozen Shape Shifters. The Volturi and even many other groups and covons try to add me to there rank, but I Just made a Deal with Aro last week, he was to come here but I told them I was to mate to mate with Renesmee , your coven will not be bother for a long time. Mason, Elena, Katrina, and Mason from the Sal coven in the northern Maine in a remote area. I had been with them for 25 to 30 years. We are human drinkers but we only drink donated blood, some time we drink Animals." Carlisle," so, you don't harm any humans? How you deal with around people? that interesting." Elena spoke up, " we usually buy, or steal some but week stock them in cold storage on bag last use about 2 weeks with out feed, be we travel we hunt animals William stop drinking humans blood but he mostly drink animals but only a blood bag one a month." Elena POV I really feel bad for this family and if don't accept our terms and they would have to die at our hand, the seem like, we took a lot of time to prepared with my skills in invisibility and hiding anyone senses , I am thank for Will saving my life. The Cullens were telling use about their past and try to get to know each other a bit. Carlisle Turn to us and ask," can you four tell us your self. "I go first, I am the youngest in my coven I was born in born an Dallas in 1980 to a middle class family I am Belgian/ Albanian American. When I was 18 I was traveling for spring break in Rome I was kidnapped and I was torturer but When Will And Damon and Katrina found me I was changed, and after a while I dated Damon then got married in powers are invisibly and hiding mine senses". Carlisle spoke," that interesting" after I showed him then Katrina said" I guess I am next" Katrina POV I started," I know Will for 50 years and he join our coven 30 years ago, I Traveled with when I was changed in 1944 In Spain during WW2 when my home was attack with shelling. I was born in France and we moved lot because of the war. In the summer 1944 I was going home one night when I was shot by a German men when they attack our client. When I was recovering I was attack by a vampire and changing. Will and Mason found me in a middle of a Change. I stayed with Will and Mason for 15 years then Mason And I Found Sal Coven when we came to the US we all met Damon and his Creator Amy and Mitchell. We still live with them there on there 800 wedding anniversary in London. " My power is Telekinesis and Force Shield. I didn't want to talk about our leader but they don't like to be around other groups much. Mitchell is deadly man but he our father but compassionate like Carlisle sometime he has trust issues but Amy Keep him in place. I love my mate Mason he a hybrid werewolves and Vampire first of his kind but really deadly. But he act like human or vampire when wanted. Today he chose vampire for safely. Damon POV I listen to my siblings and the Cullen talk; I can't see Will mating with a hybrid but hay Kat dose with Mason. I just wonder. "I go next, I was born in 1789 in Paris and change 1813. I was died in battle, I was a Napoleon solider, I was a year in to the war I fought for my country and one night was bitten on a way to rescue children from a fire. When I was turns I met Will on there Travels then located will the Sal coven, my Talent is Possession / compulsion" Mason POV I listen to them talk and talk really, I am sensing a danger head, I don't like to fight. I am a former werewolf clan member and my so call mother was a werewolf for and my father was a vampire. My mother died and father was destroyed. I am 17 now when I mate I love her." Hey guess I last, I cant really talk about my past I have trust issues. So Will you don't mind. " Will spoke " Look guys I also came for a another reason, Pretty soon my guard will head home tomorrow morning." Will POV I notice peter giving me a look telling me to tell the truth that I am to them. I guest I tell them. " I have something to all of you, I been known by many names, I known as God of Destruction and the son of God of War. My real Name is William … Let me know what you all think? Looking for calibrators or Batas, or Some who whole like to take the idea take up a notch, this are anti Imprint on baby.