would have his soul filled piercing green eyes, and the shocking bronze colored hair. They would inherit everything wonderful from their father and I would be even more in love with him than when we married. Every time that he turned and smiled I would become breathless and faint. He would quickly become my everything and I would welcome it with open arms. I do not know how long I got wrapped up in my own thoughts and day dreams but I do know that is has not allowed me to sleep. Turning to the clock on my night stand I see that it is now one a.m. and I have been lying in bed for three hours with no luck of falling asleep. I sigh and throw the covers off my body. I am frustrated with myself for letting my mind get so wrapped up into thoughts that I know will never come to pass and also I can't fully tell where they came from. I had never been a big believer in marriage, seeing my parents divorced and struggling to meet all the bills and move on with their lives. Something that to this day still evades my father no matter how he tries to accomplish it. I've never thought myself the marriage type so to fantasize about it something that is beyond description to me. In an attempt to calm myself enough to sleep I go to take a shower. I love these moments, the quiet of the night where I can feel like I am alone in my own house. I can see myself anywhere other than here and believe that I have dreams and aspirations for myself other than keeping my mother safe and happy. Letting the hot water relax the knots in my back I sigh and keep my mind blank. Letting it wander back to the place where I see a future with Edward Cullen is useless and heartbreaking. I need to keep myself calm, not begin to think over the things I never knew I always wanted. As I step out of the shower and dry myself off I listen to how quiet the house is. There is no movement from upstairs and I can't hear anything from Edward next door. I find that I like thinking his name even if I haven't found the courage to say it aloud. Without over analyzing every thought in my mind I dry myself off and wrap my robe around me. I finally have enough self-control to stop the errant thoughts that have going through my head at warp speed all night. After convincing my mind and body to finally relax all I want is to climb into my bed and sleep for the next six hours or so. Flinging open the bathroom door my eyes haven't adjusted to the darkness out in the hallway, but it doesn't bother me. I've wandered these halls enough to know where I am and where I'm going in the light or dark. Three steps into the hallway and I crash into a large hard object. My body recognizes him before my mind does as I instinctively wrap my hands around his biceps to keep myself from stumbling to the ground. And even though I ran into him because of the dark I am grateful that he cannot see me blush from embarrassment once again. "I-I am so sorry. I didn't know you were there I thought everyone would be asleep I-" "Its fine really. I didn't realize anyone would be up either. I had fallen asleep for a bit and woke up with a need for a snack. I was going to try and make a run for a quick burger or something. Although we do need to stop running into eachother, literally." He stopped speaking and looked down between us pointedly. I stared for a quick moment before realizing that I was still wrapped around him. I cleared my throat in way of an apology. My throat had apparently swelled shut while I was staring into his eyes and memorizing just how wonderful he felt under my hands. "Do you know of any places that are close by? Every store I know of is a bit of a drive that I am not really in the mood, or condition to make." He raised his eyebrows and stared at me. I know he is waiting for an answer, he is tired and hungry and still clutching onto me. I mentally berate myself for making myself seem like a blundering idiot. Great, the most gorgeous man you have ever seen and you can't string together two words. "Bella?" The sound of my name and the tone of Edwards voice break me out of my daze. "There isn't anywhere decent around without a bit of a drive. But I'm a little hungry myself, would you like to have a little snack with me?" "Isn't the kitchen long since closed?" He teases me. The light tone of his voice is light and airy and feels like a fresh cool breeze against my stale existence. "It is only closed if you aren't in with the owner. Since I've bulldozed into you twice I think it only fair that you get something in return." My body is screaming for sleep but I can't help but to find a way to spend time with this man. I'll be exhausted tomorrow but I know that Mike and Angela are covering breakfast and I can at least sleep in a little bit. Even if I couldn't, I would still take this time. The man is irresistable to me, there is no denying it. "Well how could I possibly turn down an offer like that?" I smile and finally straighten myself up and out of his arms immediately missing the contact. "I'll just put my stuff in my room and we'll get something to eat." I smile and head towards my bedroom. "Meet you in the kitchen."