gentleman. I smiled at his soft snores, I can't believe how fast my baby was growing up. "Bella, are you going take him up?" My mother asked me. She didn't like it when he fell asleep on the couch. " Not right now. I'm going enjoy him sleeping and cuddling with me. He is going be grown one day, and not want to do this, " I spoke as I ran my fingers through his hair. " I wish you would rethink leaving. Jax likes Florida , he likes the sun. Just think of all the opportunities that are here for him. He could go to a good preschool and an amazing elementary school. He could have everything here. I also think you should take Edward up on his offer. If you would marry him you would be set for life," her mother spoke. I hated how my mother always took Edwards side. Edward could never do any wrong in the eyes of Renee. He had money that was all that matter. If I was set for life that means she would be set for life too. " He can have that in Forks too, mom. Just because you didn't like it there doesn't mean I hate it too. I have grown to like the rain, the sun never really been my thing. For the last time I do not love Edward. I am not going to marry him because he has money mother," I said, She was starting to make me mad now. "But you loved him once, it's time to move on. Paul got what he wanted out of your relationship, now it's time for you to move on. Move on with Edward, you use to be head over heels for him. I can see he still cares about you, and he even said he would take care of your son. He will accept your son as his, you won't find anyone like that. Just think Jax can grow up with a father. If I found someone like Edward, I would have married him," my mother told me. Of course she would have married for money over love. "I'm not talking about this with you again. Jax has a father and it will never be Edward. I would never lie to my son about where he comes from, and Edward will never be a father to him. Stop inviting Edward over here for dinners or to hang out. If you like him so much then you are more then welcomed to marry him, as for me I am not marrying him, " I spoke. I lifted my son up and walked up the stairs, I went pass his bedroom, and took him straight to mine. Jackson was getting a little too heavy for me to keep lifting him up. I laid him on my bed, and tried to finish packing up the stuff. I had boxes that were going be shipped. I would take them to the post office when Jax woke up. I started packing our carry on which was almost done. We would be leaving tomorrow morning . I know I was doing the right thing. My phone started to ring, and I saw it was dad on the caller ID.I let out a sigh in relief that it wasn't Edward. "Hi dad." "Hey Bells, are you done packing?" he asked. He was thrilled that Jackson and I were going to be staying with him. He has been talking about it as much as Jackson has. "Yeah, dad we are all good for tomorrow. Are you still picking us up from the airport?" I asked hoping I wouldn't have to catch a cab. It was going be tough enough walking through an airport with a toddler. "Yeah, you should know Billy keeps asking if you are coming back into town," dad spoke. I rolled my eyes, when I left that day I didn't talk to anyone. I didn't tell anyone from La Push I was leaving, or where I was going. " Well dad you can tell all of La Push to mind their business." "I already did, and I haven't talked to Paul, but I heard from Billy that he doesn't look good. He is always lashing out at someone, and barely leaves his house," Dad told me. "Dad, I know you are trying to help, but Paul dumped me. I don't think I can deal with moving back to Forks with my three year old son, plus Paul and everything else. Are you still taking me to look at vehicles after we land?" I asked. "Of course, we will get you something safe. Listen kiddo I have to go. I'll see you tomorrow," he said. "Bye dad," I said. I decided to lay down next to my son and take a little nap with him. Tomorrow was going be a big day for all of us. Jacksons first time on an airplane. Tomorrow I would be running back to the place that caused me heart ache. I would have to face everything I left. I would have to face Billy, and Old Quil plus Sam. That was something I wasn't looking forward to. I heard my phone ding with a new text message. Bella, I wish you would rethink leaving here. La Push and Forks have nothing to offer you- Edward I shut my phone off. I wasn't going to deal with his crazy self. He is stuck in the body of a seventeen year old boy. Sometimes I wish he would just grow up so I didn't have to deal with his drama. I wished he would find a nice vampire to marry and leave me the hell alone. I doubt that is going happened sometime soon. Author Note: Hey guys, so I wrote this story a long time ago, and it's been finished for a while. I just never posted it. Let me know what you think. Thanks again for reading it.