Black. He and I were just friends, I didn't love him or anything," she said, her voice starting to shake. "I did it simply to get out of my house. My father was… abusive. Physically, emotionally… sexually. It started slowly, when I was in grade school. He raped me for the first time when I was just thirteen, after my Mom died. And he didn't stop until I left." I reached out to take her hand, but she pulled away from me. "Edward, please, let me finish. Jacob and I were… happy. Not blissfully, completely happy," and then she smiled at me. "Not like I am with you, but happier than I had ever been before. But my dad showed up at our house one day, drunk, screaming at both of us. He was saying the craziest things about Jacob, that Jacob was the abusive one, that Jacob had raped me, and that he was the only one who cared about me. Jacob knew the truth. I had told him several years before, and that's basically why he married me. Jacob was a big guy, very muscular, and very tall, and if it had just been the two of them, man against man, my father wouldn't have stood a chance." I reached for her hand again, and this time, she let me take it. I had to make sure that she knew that I would always be there for her, that I would always protect her, that she never had to feel that fear again. "But, my dad was a cop. Is a cop. He was the Chief of Police in my hometown, which is why I could never get anyone to stop him. They all knew he was a drinker, but no one would have believed me over him." It was a terrible story, but I couldn't fathom what any of it had to do with Aro's murder. "I'm not divorced, Edward, I'm a widow. My dad shot Jacob. Killed him. And then he came after me, but he was so drunk that I was able to hit him in the head, a lamp or something, and then run away. And I've never been back." "Isabella," I said gently. "I'm so sorry for everything that happened to you, but why -" "I kept my married name, because I didn't want my father to find me. I didn't want to ever use my maiden name again. Edward," she said, squeezing my hand. "My maiden name is Swan. Detective Swan is my father." " What ?" I said, a little too sharply. "Detective Swan? Your father ? Isabella, why didn't you tell me? Why did you keep this from me?" She sniffed, wiping her nose with the back of her hand. "I was scared! All of that abuse came flooding back when you gave me his card. I tried to avoid the office as much as I could, but I knew he would eventually catch up to me." "Baby," I said, calming myself down for her sake. "I'm glad you told me. We can work on this together. As long as we work together, we can figure out a solution to anything. Even this. You know I will protect you. I will do anything for you, anything in the world." "That's what I was hoping you'd say, Edward." She sniffed one last time, then the scared little girl was gone, and my Isabella was back. She got a very determined look on her face. "Because I want you to kill him for me." I gave him a moment to meet my eyes, to see what his last moments looked like in the rich, green irises of his nemesis, and I pulled the trigger. Detective Charlie Swan, Isabella's abusive, alcoholic father, collapsed to the ground, instantly dead, his body laying next to his two fallen comrades. I turned to Isabella, watching me from the corner, and gave her a smile, which she immediately returned. "Good enough?" I asked, reaching out for her hand. We had to leave, and we had to leave immediately. This time, there was no doubt who had pulled the trigger. "Good enough," she said. AUTHOR'S NOTES: All things "Twilight" belong to Stephenie Meyer. The remainder of the perversion is all mine. PLEASE READ THIS NOTE! I was asked to join a group of 7 other authors (GothicTemptress, JonesinDaHood, LayAtHomeMom, PlanetBlue, RobsMyYummy CabanaBoy, and SexiLexiCullen - I LOVE YOU ALL!) in doing a pre-Lenten FF compilation about the Seven Deadly Sins, women whom I absolutely revere in this fandom, amazing authors, every single one of them. . I was given the sin "pride," and this is the result. :) Please go check out the other 6 stories, you won't regret it: Author name "The-Sinners" (you have to put the dash or you'll get a MILLION other authors!), story name "SALIGIA." Please let the other authors know how fantastic you think they are :) I have to add my usual disclaimer about the legal stuff. I have no legal training. Everything I know, everything in this story, simply comes from watching way too many episodes of "Law & Order: SVU." I think it's interesting to note that more than half of this story (the second half to be exact) was written while I was at jury duty. See? The legal stuff DID come in handy, and maybe it inspired me a little! Shout at, as always, to MaBarberElla, just because I love her, and if she had had time to pre-read this, she totally would have and would have given me amazing notes and suggestions. :) Lastly, I have to thank my beta and real-life BFF, LibbyLou862 for being not only the best beta in the fandom, but my dear friend. I love that she fixes my typos and corrects my grammar mistakes, but she also works through the plot with me, and I could not write these stories without her. Seriously. Love you Libby! Until next time, my friends...