could end due to her ever-present state of exhaustion and had insisted that she wait a few days before settling. Of course promising that if that truly was the dress she wanted then he would personally stop by after work one evening and purchase it so that they could begin the much-needed alterations. True to his word, the following afternoon after his shift- much at the insistence of his daughter- he bought the dress and a little less than three weeks later the dress had been altered to fit Bella. Edward couldn't recall her to ever be happier and was happy that she was happy. But oh how he wished he could see her dress! She had described it in great detail, of course, but all the talk of sequins and ribbon confused him. It would have been much more simple if he could just see the dress. Still, he didn't need to see to know the rare smile that graced her lips as soft giggles came from her along with the faint swishing of material, was she spinning around? Although Edward couldn't know what the future held for his now complete family he relished the sound as if it would be the last time he ever heard her laugh. The following weeks was hard on the Cullen's as they watched helplessly as Bella continued to suffer, Edward had actually moved back into his own room so that he could be close to Bella should she ever need help, (he knew realistically to what extent of help he could actually provide his adopted sister) but it made him and in turn Bella feel better so he happily pretended as if he was capable of doing anything and everything for her. She became weaker and even more apathetic, which reminded Edward somewhat of his old ways, but he didn't dare say anything to Bella. Not when Carlisle had expressed his concern over her mental state, but Edward couldn't hold it against her. On a Friday evening, Bella for some unexpected reason came stumbling down the hallway just as Esme was getting ready to go to bed (Carlisle had been called into work) and hugged Esme and thanked her adoptive mother for everything she and Carlisle had done for her over the past several years. Tears swam in Esme's eyes but she just hugged her back furiously as she had hugged her son on rare occasions before guiding the fifteen-year-old back to bed, it would be one of the last times she would do so. (-) In the end, Bella got to wear her dress, only it wasn't in the way any of them had hoped or wished, they were burying her in it. Exactly one month to the day she would have turned Sixteen, Esme, Carlisle, and Edward were saying goodbye for the final time to the young girl who had brought their broken family together and had shown them the true meaning of being a parent and a sibling. Carlisle had assured a sobbing Esme and an emotionally drained Edward that her passing had been peaceful. She had merely fallen asleep to never wake again, she felt no pain, he had said; but it didn't ease their heavy, grieving hearts. But one thing was for certain: they overcame losing Bella together as a family. Perhaps Bella was never meant to be a permanent fixture in the Cullen family but in her short time with them, she had done something Edward, at one time had thought was impossible. She had not only changed the once sullen Edward and his workaholic parents she had brought them all together again. Through her, he had gained the set of parents he had always dreamed of having as a child. Bella had been the second chance all of them had needed. Through this troublesome times Edward didn't bury his talent of the piano away like he had when he had become blind, Bella wouldn't have wanted that. So instead he dove into his music as a way to cope with the loss of his close friend and sister. Mood Indigo might still have been the crowd favorite and the song he was most known for, but Bella's Lullaby was without a doubt his most cherished piece of work. (-) Ten years after Bella, Carlisle passed away after having a sudden massive heart attack. He had been enjoying his retirement from some years now and had taken up golfing- even in retirement he was never a man who could just stay home and do nothing. Esme followed her husband within a year. The whole nation mourned her death. (She was considered to be an icon in the interior designer world and had quite the list of big named clienteles throughout the years.) Edward insisted that it was a broken heart that killed her. That the pain of losing a child and her only true love (Carlisle had been her high school and College sweetheart) had been too much for her poor heart to handle at the end. Edward liked to think that together Esme and Carlisle were up in heaven with Bella keeping her company. For the first time since he temporarily estranged himself from his parents all those years ago and before he met Bella, he was truly alone in the world. It was just him and his piano. There was never a day that passed that he didn't think of Bella or his parents nor a day where he didn't play the piano. True to his vow, it was only on a rare occasion that he didn't play the piano and it was never for more than a week or two at a time. Otherwise, every day he would play her lullaby with the hope that somewhere in heaven's realm, Bella was listening to it as she had once so faithfully done. It was Bella's Lullaby for a reason. Finished A/N: Like it, Love it, Hate it? Originally posted under the name October Rain.