handle it if five years down the road I regretted the decision. Ever since the day it happened I have immersed myself in my work so that I have been constantly busy. The only time I have taken off is for this girls' night. My mom unfortunately equates my working to being stuck in the "glam" of my job and thinks that's how I ended up pregnant. You know… "sex, drugs, rock n' roll". Except I am an innocent 18 year old girl that sings country music. No… that's not how this happened to me. Tye and I have been dating for about a year now. He's always been incredible. We had been dating about a month when he went through the change. He started to bulk up fast, burn up…symptoms of the "flu" as his pack leader called it. He turned into a werewolf. It was a shock for sure… it took some getting used to but I knew I loved him so much. I was there for him and I understood…it only made us stronger. About two months ago he started to act odd…moodier than usual. I didn't understand it until I spoke to another member of the pack, Chris. Chris told me about imprinting and how Tye had learned about the process and was really upset that he hadn't imprinted on me. He didn't want another person to imprint on me or for me to find someone else and not stay with him. I shook my head thinking about his solution. I spoke to him about it and tried to reassure him but he flipped out. He said he just wanted to be tied to be forever and that he felt we should get married and make the relationship more solid. I couldn't believe that was what he thought would help the situation. Of course I said no…we have been dating a year. I am not ready for marriage…that pissed him off big time. He thought I was saying that I didn't want to be his… that night he did things I never thought he was capable of. He is so strong… just thinking about the warmth of his body made me shiver in disgust. That night he said he was tying me to him forever… he was making me his. " No one else can have you, you're mine." I cried a fresh wave of tears. I hadn't seen him since that night…I won't take his phone calls or texts…I refuse to have nothing to do with him. That night…he raped me. Now I'm pregnant and alone… I just don't know what to do. I said goodbye and backed out of the driveway. Last night had been long and sad…I hated that I was leaving and taking a break from work but…I will be out of the same city Tye is in and he won't know where I am. I took a deep breath of satisfaction at that thought. I drove the short distance to Sarah's and Jen was waiting on the front step and ran to my truck. She climbed in and hugged me immediately, tears streaming down her pretty face. Jen was beautiful in a natural way. She never wore make-up, she was athletic and had a killer body. Red-head with bright green eyes. Everyone loved her… she was the sweetest thing. What I loved most about her was her loyalty. She was so trustworthy and respectful of my privacy… I knew I could tell her my deepest, darkest secret and she'd be my rock. It went in the vault. I drove to her house, which was on the way out of town. We stopped and grabbed breakfast sandwiches from a small café and took it to go. I had told her about my pregnancy and Tye… she was the only one that knew the true story. We both cried and hugged for a long time… until I shook it off and told her I wanted to enjoy my last visit with her. We now sat in her room for a good hour laughing and reminiscing. "Why do we not do this anymore?" I asked her. She smiled and swallowed her sip of coffee. "Because we are close enough that this," she gestured to us both, "will always be here. You have enough going on right now and I know you haven't forgotten about me Bells." I wiped a tear rolling down my cheek. "I miss you so much. Who am I going to call to help mastermind my ridiculous ideas? Who is going to have breakfast at midnight with me?!" she laughed and wiped a tear of her own. "Who am I going to fight dragons with?!" I dramatically cried. She shoved me softly and grinned. "Time of my life." I calmed and smiled, holding out my pinky to her extended one. I know now that I'm not alone, even if we are 1,500 miles away. "Time of my life." With that I was heading toward Washington with a few tears still seeping out of the death grip my mind had on the situation and I wasn't sure I was ready. I had called my dad from the driveway and told him I was on my way. He sounds so happy… made me feel guilty for being so depressed about it. I turned on the radio just as a song of mine was ending, and I was glad. I didn't want to hear myself right now. I looked at my guitar case on my back seat and took a deep breath. They could toss me across the country, but they can't keep me from what I love to do. I'll go there and live out of the spotlight for a while and try to wrap my mind around being a mom. I'm terrified… but I will try. Hope you guys enjoyed that chapter and the changes I have made! Stay tuned for the next chapter! :) Song: Picture To Burn – Taylor Swift