course, have fun." He smiled and I nodded towards him. "Thank you, and I will. Bye Jake." I said as I walked back towards the Cullens. They were all standing around, I'm guessing waiting for me. "Okay, are we ready?" Esme asked, smiling at me. I nodded, we all got in our cars and followed me home. I lived in a small 2 bedroom 2 bath house. I loved it. Behind it there was a huge barn filled with cars because I loved them. I loved working on cars and collecting them. "I guess we can take a tour first. I'll show you my barn, and I do not have horses here." I said before anyone asked if I did. I opened the door and they all gasped. There were so many cars. "Whoa Bella... I didn't know you liked cars." Emmett yelled, running around trying to look as many cars as possible with Rosalie and Jasper. Edward walked up to me, smiling. "You just got so much hotter." He told me. I chuckled as they finished looking. "Well I'm going inside to change." I said as they followed me inside. "Alice, Rosalie, and Esme could you help?" I asked as they clapped and walked into my room with me. "Bella…this dress is perfect!" Alice said, taking out my slut dress. I groaned. "I'm not wearing that Alice!" I almost shouted. She chuckled as she shoved me into the bathroom and threw the dress and heels. I put on the black dress that went to her upper thigh and wrapped around my neck. I put on my black pumps and brushed my hair and teeth then opened the door. "Holy shit…" Esme whispered. Rosalie and Alice gasped. "Whoa, Esme never swears. And every guy is going to be drooling over you." Rosalie gasped. I chuckled a little, it was embarrassing. Everyone got ready at my house, and soon we heard the car horn. "Come on girls!" Carlisle's voice ran though the house. They chuckled. I didn't want to go out in this. "Wait, I thought we were just going to the restaurant?" I asked, as they giggled and opened the door. The guys were all dressed up. Edward looked so handsome. "Come on guys lets go." Alice giggling taking my hand and pulling me towards the limo. Edward slid in next to me while Rosalie was on the other side of me. "You look so beautiful." Edward whispered in my ear. I smirked as his hand went on my leg. I pushed it away, and glared at him. "You're with Tanya." I whispered as he sighed. "I'm not with her, I'm not with anyone." He whispered back to me, his hand unmoving. I hit it away, and he finally moved his hand away. "Bella, first stop is the club. It's time to get drunk!" Rosalie said, throwing her hands up in the air. Oh goodness. People who I am going to be working with are going to see me drunk. The night just got a lot more interesting. "We are going to a bar first?" I asked as Alice as she just grabbed my hand and pulled me out of the limo. "This is going to be fun!" Rosalie chuckled, holding my arm as we walked into the club. I sighed as everyone was looking at us. I walked straight to the bar getting whiskey on the rocks. "Well hello there sweetie, mind if I just dance on you?" This creepy guy asked, his hands on my waist. "Get your hands off of me if you want to keep them." I hissed at him. He glared at me and then walked away. Alice and Rosalie walked over to me, laughing. "Nice Bella." Rose chuckled. I just shrugged, I was used to it. The guys came up to us with a tray of shots. "Ready Bella?" Emmett smiled at me. "They are tequila shots. We are just waiting for Esmeralda and Carlisle to text us when the table is ready." Emmett explained. I nodded. "Let's cheer to Bella." I smiled and we all took two shots. I was defiantly feeling it. A really hot guy came up to me. "Andrew wants to talk to you." He whispered in my ear. I turned towards him and glared at him. "No." I hissed, he can not be here right now. "Will you excuse me?" I asked them, as they nodded. I took his hand and pulled him towards an empty space. "Tell him to leave me the hell alone." I growled at him. "Why don't you tell him yourself?" He whispered as I turned around and Andrew with his posse was right there. "Isabella…" His voice rang through my ears, and then all those memories hit me. We were doing it every where we could and it felt fabulous. "Andrew." I nodded towards him as he smirked. "Aren't we passed the nodding?" He asked as he leaned towards me and I slapped him. How dare he! "Boundries."I hissed at him. "And leave me alone. You don't know me and I don't know you." I told him, as he pulled me towards him. "Well I certainly new you on the plane to Italy, in Italy, all over your house, all over my house, and so many more places." He whispered his hands going up my leg. I pulled him off and glared at him. "Come on Bells lets reconnect." He said, as I glanced at the Cullens. "I know you need a mans touch." "My house tonight. 11pm sharp." I said as he smirked, winking at me. I rolled my eyes as he took my hand and pulled me towards him. "Now babe, tell me that eye roll was just practice for tonight." He whispered in my ear. I moaned slightly. He chuckled and kissed my cheek as I left. "Come on Bella, Carlisle and Esme are waiting." Rosalie said taking my hand. We went into the limo and met Carlisle and Esme there.