There is no law saying that it can't happen and if all you say is true then I don't see any other explanation. Jacob needs you Edward. Only you can save him now." "I-." "At least go see him, see if you can talk to him." "What about the treaty?" "If what I say is true then they will not care about the treaty rules." Edward nodded and got up. "It's worth a try." Edward nodded to his father then rushed out the house and to his car. As he was about to get inside, he figured that he'd get to La Push faster if he ran. He ran straight to Jacob's house and no one attempted to stop him. He walked into the house praying that he wasn't too late, that he hadn't used up what little time there was. Edward rushed up to Jacob's room and found the boy's father and a few other people in there. "Jake?" he called quietly. Everyone turned and looked at him, relief filling every part of their bodies as they saw the Vampire standing at the door, looking towards the bed. "Ed?" Jacob called back weakly. Edward smiled at the nickname. Bella had tried to call him that before but it hadn't sounded right, but when Jake said it... there was something sweet about the way the Shifter said it, something Edward liked about it. "I'm here Jake." Edward walked towards the bed. Jacob looked worse than before, skinnier, paler. Edward took Jacob's hand, it was cool, not inhumanly warm like it usually, and that unnerved Edward. "I'm right here Jake." Jacob smiled up at Edward. "Hi," Jake said with a tired smile. Edward chuckled. "Hello." The two boys looked at each other lovingly; everything just seemed to fall in place. That slight feeling of emptiness Edward had been slowly developing over the month that Jacob was around seemed to disappear, it was filled up instantly by a Jacob sized space and Edward felt content. The pair was so engrossed in each other that they didn't realise they were now alone. "Why didn't you tell me Jake?" Jacob tried to look away but Edward held his face in place. "Jake?" "You have Bella. She needs you. And besides, you don't even like me." That actually hurt Edward quiet a lot. Not only would Jacob die for Bella, but he'd die for Edward too... to make him happy. He didn't want the Wolf to die, not because of him, not because of Bella. He wanted the teen to be happy too, to be alive. "You need me more than she does, Jake." Jacob shook his head. "Bella need you too." Jacob took the hand that was on his check and held it tightly. "Ed, you can't tell her. It'd crush her, just like when you left her. I don't want that to happen to her." Edward nodded, understanding where Jacob was coming from. He didn't want to hurt the girl either; he did love, even though it wasn't quite the same love as before. "I know Jake, I know." Jacob was such a good friend. In another life, Edward might've quite content with being Jacob's friend – well in a life where he wasn't a Vampire and Jacob wasn't a boy who could Shift into a giant horse sized Wolf. "So..." Jacob swallowed, "so you'll just forget about me?" Edward looked at the Wolf gently, seeing how the boy tried not to let that thought affect him. "That's impossible," Edward said after a while. "I can't just forget. "We-we could still be friends." "Has that happened before?" Jacob shrugged but the 'no' in his mind was clear to Edward. None of the Shifter's that had Imprinted had stayed 'just friends' with their Imprints. After a while things had turned and they'd become more than friends. "If it's what you want Ed. I'll be anything you want me to be, a companion, a friend, anything." Jacob purposely avoided the 'lover' part because he didn't think Edward would be comfortable with that. He was sure Edward was still in love with Bella and would want to continue his relationship with the girl. "I'll give you any and everything that you want." "I want you ," Edward breathed, leaning closer to Jacob, but leaving enough room for him to move away if anyone walked into the room. Jacob felt the heat rush up his neck and to his cheeks at those words. "Ed... I don't think-." "I know. I know Jake." Jacob sighed and leaned back on his pillow and Edward moved away but only a bit. "Hey Jake." "Hmm?" Edward got into the bed and under the covers and wrapped his arms gently but firmly around Jacob's already heating up body. Edward smiled at the improvement, it wasn't much, but it was enough to keep Edward hope that Jacob would improve, that he would get better. "Maybe I do love you." Jacob smiled, a slight blush gracing his features once again. "I can't help it," Jacob answered back with a grin. The Shifter turned over so he was facing his Vampire and he too wrapped his arms around Edward. The Vampire's smile widened. He gently pushed Jacob onto his back then proceeded to lay his head on the Wolf's chest, allowing him to hear the soft but solid thump, thump, thump of Jacob's heart. Edward let out a content sigh as Jacob's arms tightened around him while the Vampire hummed a random lullaby softly till Jacob fell asleep. "Maybe I really am in love with you," Edward whispered before shutting his eyes and concentrating on the sound of the Shifter's strong beating heart... FIN! Yay! This is the first (Edited!) chapter... Please R&R... if you be hating on my pairing then you shouldn't have read it in the first place. Hater's are like an eyelash in my eye. If you have nothing to say then don't say it at all... Bye now (",) Smiles ya'll