what your...umm your friends did, and I couldn't expect you to stand up for me when I didn't even stand up for myself. But I do appreciate your apology." I was waiting for her to respond when her two so called friends, Anne and Reyna, showed up. "Why are you talking to her?" Anne said with a hint of anger in her voice. I didn't feel like anymore criticism today, and it was time to go. "Umm, I guess I will talk to you later Nessie." And with that I started to walk to my next class. I heard Nessie call my name again, and her voice wasn't calm anymore. "Why are you guys acting like this?" That's all I heard before I turned the corner. A slight smile came on my face when I thought of Nessie defending me right then, but I quickly wiped it off my face. I wasn't going to let hope build in me again. The bell rang and the classroom was down the hallway. I started running, and took a quick breath before I entered the room. Miss. Gomez, my spanish teacher, was already teaching as if the class had started 15 minutes ago rather than 10 seconds ago. She surprisingly smiled at me. "Como estas? (How are you)" She asked. I was fluent in spanish, it was actually my first language. My mom was spanish, so we lived in Ecuador until I was eleven. "Asi Asi. Por favor. (So So. Thank you)" She seamed to have forgotten that I was late, or she knew that I was new, and felt bad for me, either way I was in the clear. It could tell that I would have to pay attention this period, because she would probably be asking me a lot of questions in spanish. As she started to continue what ever she was doing before I came, she was interrupted again by Nessie. It was about 20 minutes into the period now, but she had a pass. I was starting to wonder how she got it, but I stopped, she seamed to be a very smooth talker and probably got it from one of her teachers. I saw her eyes look at a seat that was being used. I assumed that was her seat. She looked at Srta. Gomez, who seamed to understand. "Sientase allodo de Christine por favor? (Sit next to Christine please?)" "Si." Nessie gave me a weak smile as she walked to sit next to me. I returned it to her. She seamed to understand what Srta. Gomez said so, I whispered her a question in spanish. "Hablas espanol?(Can you speak spanish?)" She looked at me and smiled. I mean obviously she could speak some spanish because she was an a spinish class, but she understood that I meant fluent spanish. "Si" For the rest of the period we just whispered to each other in spanish, and answered any questions that Srta. Gomez asked at random. Nessie explained to me what happened after I left her in the hallway with Anne and Reyna. Apparently, the only reason she hung out with them was because they were the only people who were being nice to her when she was the new girl, and she's hung out with them ever since. She said that they were never friends, but rather people who were always there. She also thanked me for freeing her from them, and said that she was stupid to stay friends with them for so long. At that I laughed and told her she wasn't stupid, and that everyone wanted someone to hang with. She gave me a thankful smile. I was just in awe a little that she was telling me this stuff. Without any control, hope within me increased, and I felt okay. I begged it to go way but it wouldn't. Before I knew it the period ended and Nessie and I were headed to fourth period science with Mr. Hastings. The class was really close so we got there early. Nessie had to sit in her assigned seat, so I sat in an empty seat behind her. I was expecting to see Anne and Reyna when the bell rang, but I guessed they weren't in science honors. For that I was thankful, I needed another period away from them. I already had enemies and it wasn't even through with my first week of school. The class dragged by slowly. I wasn't getting anything that Mr. Hastings was teaching, it just wasn't clicking, and he kept calling on me so I looked like an idiot. Nessie turned around and gave me a reassuring smile and I just put my head down in defeat. When I looked up Mr. Hastings was giving me a weird look. His eyes were filled with adoration, but his face showed confusion and anger. I looked away feeling awkward. The bell rang and Mr. Hastings started passing out our homework and outline for our new project at the door. I took the papers avoiding eye contact with him and waited for Nessie outside. "Hey!" It was obvious that she was trying to cheer me up. "Hey, I'm okay I'm just used to getting things, but it wasn't clicking." We started walking down the hallway headed for my locker. I needed to get my gym clothes. "Yeah I know what you mean. Its not that hard thought, Mr. Hastings's just words everything in a complicated way. Don't worry you'll get it!" Nessie was starting to really remind my off Emon; mainly for the positivity characteristic. I smiled at the thought. "What are you smiling about?" I didn't notice she was looking at me. We got to my locker and I pulled out my clothes. "Oh nothing, you just remind me of Emon." Confusion covered her face. "Emon is my friend back in Florida. You seam to always think positively, just like her." We were now in the gym entering the girls locker room.