and Edward's face is just inches from mine. My eyes lock with his and I whisper, "I don't want to go home." His eyes soften but he stays quiet, sliding back to his seat and starting the truck. No words are shared between us as he drives—just quick glances and shy smiles. Chewing on my lip, I wonder if I'm ready for what might happen tonight. I can honestly say that Edward has been the true highlight of my life this past week and there's just something about him that makes me feel hopeful. The silence is broken when Edward stops his truck at what I assume to be his house. "Your neighbor's Mr. Miller?" I ask, my mouth gaping open. About a mile up the road, I see Mr. Miller's house and one of my favorite spots in the entire county: his pond. "I am. That's why your dad had me pick you up the other day; you were right next door." He laughs and I'm utterly entranced by the way his green eyes are dancing. "You must think I'm a big goof." "No, I think you're pretty terrific, actually, and I'm hoping you'll let me kiss you." Stunned beyond belief, I give him a little nod and squeak out, "Okay". I blink and he's right there . His breath washes over me and I close my eyes in anticipation of his lips on mine. Holy shit, the man does not disappoint! Never, I mean, never have I been kissed like this. Edward's full lips press firmly against mine while his tongue slides inside my mouth, making itself at home. My body is tingling from top to bottom and, if we were standing up, I'd totally have one leg raised up behind me, just like in all those old movies I watched as a kid. Breathless, Edward whispers into my lips, "Do you want to go inside? We can just talk, if you want. "Yes, I want to go inside and, no, we've done enough talkin' for one night, I believe." He pulls back and his eyes are wild and lustful; for a second, I contemplate jumping him right here in his truck. I've fooled around in even smaller vehicles. It can be done. Hearing the doors unlock is like the gun going off at the beginning of a race. Edward and I both are now frantic as we jump out of the truck and run to his front door. After a few shaky tries, he opens the door and pulls me inside, his mouth instantly finding mine again. I barely notice when Edward picks me up and carries me to his bedroom. It's only when we're both naked, skin-on-skin, that my senses become fully engaged. Feeling his weight on me, his body so close I can feel his heartbeat on top of mine, unleashes the passion I never knew I had. Once we're completely joined, our bodies move on instinct, knowing exactly where to touch and what to do to bring each other to ecstasy. Waking up in Edward's arms is confusing. There's a part of me that never wants to leave but it's at war with my insecure side, the side that's telling me to get out while I can, before he wakes up and realizes what a mistake he's made. Insecurity wins and I slide out of bed and throw my clothes on before sneaking out his front door. I curse myself when I remember that I'm stranded here without a vehicle. I could call Em and ask him to pick me up but it'll be embarrassing enough trying to avoid Edward the next time I'm down at the station. I don't need Emmett knowing what happened and adding to that embarrassment. Looks like my only chance for escape is to walk to Mr. Miller's. When I reach my favorite pond, I plop down on the bank and take my shoes off. It doesn't take long for the tears to start spilling, running down my cheeks, and falling onto my dress. I cry for my failed marriage and I cry for the stress and disappointment I've forced onto my parents. I cry for the gorgeous man I just left and I cry for the fear that surrounds me. It could be minutes or hours later, I'm not sure, when I hear a panicked voice calling my name. Edward . He must hate me. I slowly stand up and try to prepare myself for his dismissal. He sees me wave and rushes over to me, grabbing onto my arms when he's close enough. "What are you—why are you here? Why did you leave?" His breath pants on my face and I can't look at him. Shutting my eyes causes more tears to slide down but they're wiped away by strong hands. "Bella, talk to me. What's wrong?" Still not looking at him, my lips quiver as I admit, "I didn't want to be there when you realized last night was a mistake—that I'm a mistake." His arms engulf me and he presses my head to his chest. "You're not a mistake, Bella Swan. Last night was perfect, and so are you. "Edward, I'm far from perfect and, believe me, you don't want to be linked to my crazy." "Well, I think you're pretty perfect—for me, anyway—and I kinda like your crazy. Besides, why do you think I always have my cuffs out when I'm with you?" He laughs into my hair before kissing it. I laugh and wrap my arms around his waist, holding him tightly. "I can think of a much better use for those cuffs, you know." "I have no doubt, but how about we get some breakfast first? I have a feeling I'm going to need to keep my energy levels up to be able to keep up with you." "You got that right, Deputy." We kiss, and it's patience, acceptance, hope, and more—it's everything. Show the author some love by leaving a review.