I wouldn't run into. The blonde sees me first, and nudges the brunette. The brunette sees me, and her mouth drops open. The blonde snaps out of the haze first. She jumps up and launches herself at me. She jumps on me and starts kissing me. Before I even have time to react, the brunette is pulling her off me. Blondie turns and shoves Brunette. Brunette shoves Blondie back. Finally Blondie hauls off and smacks Brunette across the face. There's no teacher in sight and I yell out, "Hey!" Both of them turn to look at me, "The two of you need to knock it the fuck off! I'm here because I got expelled from LPH for fighting, I'm not here for EITHER of you two skanks. So stop beating on each other, and do us all a favor and stay the FUCK away from me!" Hottie in the black dress turns to her friends, "So who wins in that situation?" Her friend with the curly hair shrugs. Curly Hairs boyfriend is looking at me with awe, and he takes a small wad of cash out of his pocket and looks at it. Standing up he comes over to me and puts the collection of wadded up 5's in my hand, "Dude, you totally won in that scenario." Smirking to myself I tuck the money into my pocket except for two of the fives. Going over to the girls who are sitting next to each other I hand them each one of the bills, "Ladies, I can't take your money." Curly Hairs boyfriend nods at me, and Hottie in the Black dress looks up at me nervously biting her lip. I look down into her brown eyes and time stops. Her face is like an angels, her eyes are perfectly shaped, deep chocolate brown pools accentuated by green eyeliner and purple eyeshadow, her mouth is full, soft looking, and shiny with some sort of lip balm. I want to roam my eyes up and down her body but I'm locked in her gaze, she's the one, she's my fucking Imprint! I feel like I've been shot, no one matters to me but her, nothing matters to me but her. God, please don't let it be her that the Angst Elf is stalking! Please God, I know I don't deserve your pity, but this girl, she deserves everything! She speaks, and again I feel like I've been punched in the stomach, "Umm, I'm Bella. Bella Swan. This is Angela Weber, her boyfriend Ben Cheney, the guy in the football jacket is Tyler Crowley, and the blonde is Mike Newton." I fix a fake smile to my face and take the empty seat in front of her, "It's really nice to meet you Bella Swan, and friends. I'm Paul, Paul Dixon." They all smile and the guys all reach out to shake my hand. Newton speaks up then, "Hey, Ben! I should've won the bet man!" Ben scoffs at him, "Dude, you said they'd both forget about Paul and go after you instead! It doesn't count if he's already given them the boot man." The girls nod, and Bella laughs and I swear there's absolutely nothing more beautiful in this world than the sound of my girl laughing. I shake my head to clear it. The fuck am I thinking? She's not my girl. At least not yet. After what happened with the other two girls do I really think I even have a shot with this girl? She's polite, and she obviously thinks I'm good looking, maybe she feels the pull already too. Thank God I got myself expelled from the Res school! I pass her my schedule, "Hey, Bella. Can you take a look at this? Tell me if you have any of the same classes? You can tell me about the teachers." She looks a little skeptical, like she doesn't trust my motives, and who can fucking blame her. Still, she takes the paper, and as she reads it her pulse speeds up a little, "You're with me almost all day, normal classes. The rest of these guys are in mostly honors classes, the only classes we have with them the rest of the day are lunch period, biology, and gym. Oh, and you have a study hall with Tyler next period while I have art." I nod, and take the paper back, "So how are the teachers?" She smiles, "they're teachers, I'm guessing they're the same as down on the Res." Raising an eyebrow at her, I ask, "Do you ever go down to the Res?" She laughs, "Yeah, I babysit down there every Friday night for my dad's best friend Billy Black's 8yr old son Jacob. Do you know the Black's?" I nod, "Yeah, everyone does, Billy is the chief of the tribe, his wife Sarah is involved in all the community service down there too. You can't live there and not know them." She smiles, "It's so strange to hear how other people see them, to me they've just always been Aunt Sarah and Uncle Billy." I laugh, "Yeah I guess that would be weird." At that moment the teacher comes in and starts to take attendance and I do my best to wrestle my thoughts away from Bella. I'm not going to fuck this up with her. Chances are she won't even consider dating me now because of what happened with the Blonde, and the Brunette. So I'll have to just be the best friend I can be to her until she accepts that I wouldn't treat her like those skanks, and not to mention I'm going to have to take care of the fucking Cullen thing stalking her. Wait. Swan? As in Chief Swan? As in Billy Black's best friend Police Chief Charlie Swan's DAUGHTER? Holy shit this is such a mess! A/N: Credit for the phrase Angst Elf goes to Noini and her husband, apparently that's what he calls Edward lol! Love it!