being made by me, not the wolf, not the council or the gods. Me, Sam, I want that." I watched as tears ran down his face, the pain to admit this and knowing that he was being forced to be with me again crashed onto my shoulders. "I can, I can try again, see if it sticks this time. I won't force you to be with me. I told you last night, and if it takes me having to get someone to ferry this child between us so we don't have to see each other again, I can do that. I will do that, for you." I knew he probably hear how much it would hurt to know that I would never see the man I loved again, but I could and would do it for him. "Bella, don't you get it, I have that, you asked me to think of what I wanted. I want to wake up every morning with you beside me in our bed. I want this child to grow up with their mother and father loving each other without any set rules. I want you, your clumsiness, you genuine heart, your never ending need to make sure everyone I and everything is done. And I can have it all, with you. I want you, I love you. And this baby, I already love it, because it's half you." I watched as he paced back and forth around my living room, the caged look in his eyes; only coming to an end as he stalked forwards and knelt at my feet in all his naked glory. "Tell me what I have to do, and I'll do it. Just tell me what I need to do to prove it to you." The pain in his voice shattered me. "Show me," I whispered. No sooner had those words left my mouth did I feel his strong arms encase me and draw me into his chest. The long legs making short work of my living room and hall, the stairs only a formality for his powerful gait. I didn't have a thought of what to do, though I did have a good understanding of what he was going to do. "I love you," the soft voice that I knew none had ever heard before me seeped into my very being, warming me up faster than anything ever could. "I will always want you. I need you, not the wolf, but me, the man. And if it takes the rest of my life to show you this, then I will every day." His mouth fused with mine, the strength and power he held had nothing to do with the passion I bathed in as he claimed mine. As gently as he could, he placed me on the bed, the feather like touch running though me both excited me and set me on edge. The soft touch of his fingers as they skimmed down my sides as though I was nothing more than a mirage he didn't want to break. Those fingers traced every inch of me, covered or not. He was memorizing me just as I had as I left. Drinking in everything his eye catches. "You are the one I dream of, the one that I could never have thought possible if it wasn't for the fact that you're here now, with me and not some image my head thought of." I closed my eyes as his words swept over me, blanketing me in the softest of embraces. I felt as he tugged at my top, as he slowly lifted it up until he couldn't get any higher. I felt his happiness as I rose slightly off the bed to give him what he wanted, what he needed. The muffled thump of material hitting the wooden floor the only sound in the room other than our breathing, but the air was loud with an un-named current that zinged through the two of us. "You are perfect, I love every bump, every soft inch, every curve, scar, and freckle on you. You're not some fake plastic toy, you're real. I fucking love every flaw you think you have, it makes up the complete you. You are the one that I would do anything for. All you have to do is ask." I gasped as those final words left his lips; those same words that I spoke that first night. I melted into his very being, our breath matching with every in and out our chests rose. My stomach quivered with something more than need as his skillful hand traveled down my flesh before gently pulling away my panties. "For you, I will always want to be more, more than just someone you love. I know I can't give you the world; I don't have money banked from years of nothing but savings. But I'll give you everything that I can, just name it." I could hear his voice, cracking as he whispered those words in my ear. "You, freely, wholly, not influenced by spirits or old men who think they know best because they're married. Give me Sam Uley, and I'll never ask for anything more than that." I cried as he entered me. He made love to me in that small bed, the same bed he took my virginity on my eighteenth birthday. With every push and pull, I felt the ever growing power of his love, his devotion and his soul as we joined together the two hearts once more. When he played my body so lovingly, I came, tears ran down my face as I forced my eyes opened. With our eyes locked I felt his release within me, and with it, himself. Right in that moment, I knew that the man had chosen me, not the wolf. Yes the wolf had imprinted on me once more, but his heart was given to me freely. No mystical force could sway that feeling of two people becoming one.