away than I was from Edward, he is a king after all. "It would do you good to remember that you should never underestimate me or any human for that matter," by the look on his face I could tell he knew it wasn't a suggestion, but a threat. I finally looked up to make eye contact with Marcus, who smiled sweetly at me, then shifted my eyes to the right to find Caius's. His eyes were the most stunning crimson and unlike any vampire's I have ever seen, they had depth and even from this far away were much more than crimson, they were red with specks of brown. His gaze was so intense but felt so right; I couldn't really explain it but I felt safe and secure, something I rarely felt because my past would forever haunt me. I relaxed underneath his appraisal and had an urge to step closer, but held my ground. He loosed his gaze first and nodded at me as I turned around to re-approach Aro. "As you were saying Aro…" I looked at the first brother, he shook his head seeming to come out of a trance. "Well, I think it would benefit us greatly if my brothers and I were to have a conference before proposals and ultimatums, yes?" I smiled at him again. I'm sure more unexpected things had been thrown at him today than in the last century. "Of course Aro! Alice, did the Cullens say what time they would be here?" I looked at here feigning a sweet face. "Oh, well Carlisle is on holiday so we should be expecting them by tomorrow at noon-ish. I can't see their arrival so I'm not exactly sure of the time," she fidgeted with her scarf the entire time she spoke. Ugh, so now vampires fidget, great what next? Crying. "Aro, might I suggest we hold trial at their arrival?" I was really buying myself time, to… well I'm not sure what. "I couldn't think of a better time, thank you, Isabella!" he smiled at me, not a fake smile, a genuine 'I like the way you think' smile. "Jane, will you be a dear and escort our guest to their chambers and I'm sure Isabella would appreciate her own chamber as well, dear." "Of course, Master Aro." Jane gracefully bowed in reply. "Jane," the white haired god spoke from the corner of the room causing all heads to turn his way. "After you escort Mr. and Mrs. Cullen to their chambers, take Isabella to my rooms, she will be staying there." All the guards gaped in shock as Marcus smirked, the guards however quickly regained their composure. "And Jane?" he added, where the hell was this going? "Yes, Master Caius?" she bowed in his direction respectfully as she had done to Aro before. "Do you hold any hostility towards Isabella? Do not answer how you think would please me, answer truthfully." His tone changed rather quickly, from polite to commanding and threatening. "No, Master Caius, I do not. In fact if Miss Isabella is open to it, I would like to be friends. As you know my brother and I typically assist Felix when he is ordered to execute someone, if any trouble arises and it seems neither mine or my brothers gift hold any influence on Miss Isabella. I would find joy in a friend that I could not hurt if I were mad." Jane replied, seeming to shrink as her powerful and uncaring façade faded away. "Thank you, Jane. I would like you to keep Miss Isabella company in my chambers as well." He nodded respectfully to Jane before turning to me, "Isabella, I am not placing Jane at your side for protection, as we all saw you can defend your self quite well, although it eases my mind that I something were to happen there would be two very capable women, Jane and yourself, on your side, I hope for you to have a companion and not feel so lonely so far away from home. I also wish for you to make your self at home in my chambers, if you need anything please tell Jane," Although he sounded polite, there was still enough ice in his voice that it wound make a lesser person shiver. This may be as polite as it gets but from the stories I've heard it sounds like the tin man has a heart after all! Not that I doubted him, from my perspective he's always sounded like a person broken one to many times that puts up a wall to keep from getting hurt. Aro looked around the room before speaking to the guard, "Dismissed!" considering my 'human' status, Jane waited for the room to clear before bowing, again, and gesturing for us to follow. I was merely inches out of the door way, when the doors slammed loudly behind me and a deep rumbling growl came from the other side. '_' A/N: Okay first things first! In my story: A.) It's been six years since the Cullens left. B.) Bella's been through hell and back (she will be telling her story at a later date). C.) Athenadora was killed in the werewolf attacks (I can't stand to make her mean but she has no place in my story). D.) Mates are very complicated, don't worry Marcus will explain. E.) Bella has a southern accent, which is very significant, but I will not be writing that in how she speaks. She will use southern slang, but I will not start dropping 'g's in my writing and doing everything else because in my opinion that makes a story very hard to read and my computer hates it. F.) Bella is very kind hearted and compassionate but remember she has been hurt a lot and has built a wall up around herself (and has hung out around the wolves so she's kind of a bitch). Stephanie Meyer owns Twilight, everything else is mine!