what she knew Phil wanted her to say. "Why speak at all? Clearly, you already have a picture of what kind of woman I am, so I don't see how anything I might say can change that. Besides, I'm only in this to get the money I inherit from my mother when she died." His face quickly transformed from anger to disgust and he let go of her arm, leaving Bella the chance to make some much-needed space between them. Ashamed of her own words, she rested a hand against the fireplace, wishing that the fire was burning so she could throw herself into the flames and disappear. The calm and self-possessed faced she had built up through the last three years had started to crumble under his stare and Bella found it difficult to concentrate. "So that's what this is about? Money?" he sneered into her ear and she could feel the heat from his body, "You want your mothers money and I bet Phillip will pay you a big chunk as soon as we are married. Am I correct?" He wasn't correct; as soon both Edward's and hers name was on the contract, he had no plans on giving her as much as a penny more than the inherit was because she would no longer be his responsibility. "Yes," Bella said, her voice slightly unsteady. "Well then, if this is all about the money, I would like to have a look at what I am buying." Bella turned to look at him, her walls crumbling. "Before you claim that you're not a priced animal to be sold off, I will have you know that by letting Philip do this, you are a priced animal and like any buyer would have done when buying a cow, horse, sheep, any kind of animal, I would like to see what I'm putting my money into. Take off your clothes, Isabella, or I will walk out that door without a second glance behind me, I promise you that." Shaking like a leaf in the wind, Bella took a deep breath and started to remove her clothes, letting her jacket and her pants fall to the floor. Standing in front of him in only her boyshorts, bra and black heels, she took a step away from her clothes, letting him see what she really looked like. There was nothing special about her; her eyes was a dull brown color, like mud after a rainy day, her hair the same boring color of her eyes and her pale complexion made her look constantly sick. Without the magic of makeup, no one would ever look at her, not even once. She kept her eyes closed as she let him look at her, so embarrassed that she couldn't look him. When she suddenly felt the warmth of her body against her, she gasped and opened her eyes; he was right in front of her. Without warning, he pushed her backwards until she was leaning against the wall, her balance off and she grabbed hold of his upper arms to keep herself from falling. "I knew you were hiding something underneath those clothes," he smirked at her as he looked down at her nearly naked body. "I would like one more thing from you before you get dressed, Isabella," his voice was barely as whisper as he leaned closer, his head lowered so his hot breath fanned over her face. "Bella," she murmured, her eyes on his lips. "Bella, I want you to kiss me," she glanced between his lips and eyes, unsure of what to do, apart from the obvious: press her lips to his. She hesitated too long and he roughly pressed her up against the wall, his lips covering hers. At first, she just stood there, but as his hand ghosted up her arms, sending a tingling feeling through her body, she kissed him back, wrapping her arms around his neck. The only reason their kiss was broken was that Bella needed to catch her breath. She leaned her head against his chest and tried to calm down her heart and she felt Edward stiffen underneath her. Panicked, she straighten up, "I know that wasn't anything special, but please, keep in mind that I don't have much experience in kissing." With a gentle hand, he brushed a few strand out of her face and Bella leaned in to kiss him again. "Mr. Cullen, I don't have all day," Phil's voice echoed through the room and Bella gasped when her stepfather entered the room. Edward quickly spun around and covered Bella's body with his, hindering Phil from seeing how lush and curvy Bella's body really was underneath her clothes. "I will be with you in a minute. Now, if you please, can I finish my discussion with Ms. Swan?" Phil only smirked at Bella and left the room. Bella relaxed and breathed out as she rested her forehead between Edward's shoulder blades, but all too soon to her liking, he stepped away from. "Get dressed," he called over his shoulder and left her alone in the cold room, half-naked. Edward had left when she left Phil's office and Phil himself was waiting for her in the hall, a smirk plastered on his face. "Well, now I know how you managed to persuade Mr. Cullen to sign the contract," Bella didn't dignify his lecherous comment with an answer but walked past him and up to her room. "You will be a horrible wife," he called after her and Bella couldn't help but answer him this time. "What is it to you, Phil? In a few days my things will be packed and I will be out of your hair." "Not a day too soon." "I couldn't agree more with you." After her brief conversation with Phil, later the same night and the next morning, Bella ran her laps, pushing herself so hard that she was shaking and unable to walk a straight line without supporting herself.