left a really big present on the porch. I want you all to close your eyes, this present is a surprise. So close them tight, and no peeking! If you peek the present might disappear!" I start to follow him to the porch, and he stops me, "Ah, ah, ah! Not so fast Mommy! Go over and sit in Santa's seat, and make sure that you close your eyes too!" I start to argue, and Sam Jr. grabs my hand, "Mom! Come sit!" Letting out a worried sigh I let my son lead me to the chair and I pull Johnny onto my lap as I close my eyes. Brady calls back, "Keep them closed!" The door opens again, letting in a breath of cold wintry air, Brady booms, "Yes, yes, yes, one last best present for 4 nice boys and their momma! Keep those eyes closed!" A presence is over me, it's one of those moments where I wish that Sam and Brady weren't so similar, because with my eyes closed, I can almost picture Sam standing above me. Cold hands grasp my face, and my eyes pop open, as they move down to my shoulders and pull me up into familiar strong arms, as I gasp, "Sam!" Four boys scream, "Daddy!" and I'm engulfed in a warm soft kiss, as both of us are taken down to our knees by our sons jumping on us wrapping their arms around us, our family whole and intact once again. We break the kiss, not taking our arms from around each other, and I realize that they are not all my own tears running down my face, Sam has tears streaming down his face, but like me, they are happy tears judging by the thousand watt grin on his face, as he says, "Merry Christmas, Baby!" My hands stroke up into his hair, and back down over his broad shoulders, and I ask the question, "Are you really here? Please, please tell me this isn't a dream, Sam. I don't think that I could handle waking up in an empty bed and finding out that you're still gone." He cups my face, sorrow and love in his eyes, as he whispers, "It's real Baby. I promise you, I'm right here, no dream." There's a sharp sudden pain in my arm, and I yell, "Ouch!" Turning I see a slyly grinning Jr, "Sorry Mom, just wanted to prove the point." Sam chuckles, "Good one, Son." He smiles, but it falters, and he asks worriedly, "Do you have to go back? Is this, is this only for Christmas?" The younger boys erupt at that, Johnny wails and his arms tighten around Sam's neck, as he bawls out, "I don't want Daddy to leave again!" Sam rubs his back soothingly, and he makes his way to the chair, sitting down with Johnny in his lap, as Charlie, Trent, and Sam Jr crowd around him. He somehow manages to gather all 4 of them to him, as he says, "I promise all of you, I'm not leaving again." My dad comes in then, smiling a not so secret smile, and I catch his eye, mouthing, 'thank you', as he says, "Sam! How did you get here?" Sam winks at him, as he says, "A jolly old guy in a sleigh picked me up, I was released early for good behavior, I was lucky he came along, otherwise I would have missed out on another Christmas with my boys." Sam Jr. looks up, "Hey? Where did Santa go?" Sam looks around, and laughs a little, as he says, "I guess he had to get on to the next house, buddy." Jr. looks torn, and I feel sad for him, sad to watch the last remnants of my son's childhood fighting to believe, finally he shrugs, pulls on his fourteen year olds' cloak of too cool, and replies, "Yeah, hopefully his reindeer didn't crap all over the driveway!" Sam laughs, and I scold, "Watch your language, Sam!" Trent interrupts then, "He left his sack of presents! Do you think these are all for us?" Sam adjusts Johnny on his lap, and smiles a little, "You know, I think he did say that he had a lot to deliver up here, why don't you bring the bag over to me, Son." Feeling unbelievably happy, I laugh, "Yes! Daddy gets to play Santa this year!" My dad comes over and wraps his arm around my shoulders, as Trent brings the bag over to Sam. Sam maneuvers the bag with slight difficulty, as Trent sits down on the floor with Charlie, and Sam Jr, and Dad speaks up, "Johnny, why don't you sit on the floor with your brothers so Daddy can hand you presents." Johnny balks, "No! I wanna stay with Daddy!" Sam smiles at him indulgently, and says, "Alright, Buddy, alright. No one's gonna make you move. How bout this? You can be Santa's helper, and hand me the gifts, and I'll hand them out. Does that sound good?" Johnny nods, and reaches in and hands him the first gift. Sam takes it, and says, "This one's for Momma, come on over here and get your gift, Momma!" Laughing, I go over and reach for the gift, "Santa shouldn't have! He's already given me the best gift I could ever ask for!" He takes my hand and pulls me closer leaning in to kiss me, softly, pulling back and saying, "I love you Bella. It's good to be home." I smile at him, feeling my heart skip a beat in my chest, and tears sting my eyes, as I answer, "I love you too Sam. I'm so happy to have you home." The scene fades out, Mother and Father gazing into each other's eyes, Children looking on barely able to contain their excited happiness, and Grandfather smiling at the scene from across the room. A family whole, and intact, a father finally home for the holidays. ****The End***