it down and flat ironed it straight and shiny. My eye shadow was a dark navy blue/purple color with silver glitter in it; it reminded me of a midnight sky in the middle of nowhere, the kind where there are no streetlights for miles. I did it up with heavy black eyeliner on the top and bottom lids and a light coat of mascara. I coated my lips with Urban Decay's Confession lipstick, which was a deep burgundy. Going over to my closet I found a short purple and black gingham mini, I loved it, it was distressed at the hemline and the top layer fell over a couple of other layers of a thin black material it wasn't poufy just flouncy with a sexy edge. I paired the skirt with a black and purple corset top the front had purple ribbon that laced down through the D-rings to the bottom and was really just for show, the back had black lacings that had at first given me fits to do by myself but I had eventually gotten it down to a science. Cinching it tight I got it situated and tied and grabbed my jacket which was kind of blazer like but with lace up decorations on either side of the zipper. Pulling on my black 20 eye docs I sat on my bed and was doing the laces when there was a knock on my door, "Come in!" Dad pushed the door open and his eyes just about bugged out of his head as he took in my outfit, "Where the hell are you going dressed like THAT! " Laughing I answered, "I'm going down to The Black Dog with Kimie, Dad, she's picking me up in about 10 minutes if that's cool with you. If you aren't feeling well I'll call her and cancel. Do you need me to cook something up for you before I go? I can make you some eggs or a grilled cheese or something." He shook his head, "Nah, honey I think I'll order in a pizza or something, thanks though. Honestly Bella I feel fine today, you go out and have yourself a good time. Just make sure you take your mace, I'd prefer you took the gun too but I guess that depends on what purse your taking." He finished with a mocking laugh and I just shook my head and picked up my green pocketbook with the graffiti print, it had enough room for my Glock, my makeup so that I could touch up periodically throughout the night, my keys complete with Mace, and my cell phone. He laughed again but it was relieved instead of mocking as he came over and gave me a big hug. I snuggled into his arms and said, "I love you Dad, and if you need me to come home at any point during the night, just call and I'll tell Kim we have to leave." Squeezing me tight he kissed the top of my head and said, "I love you too kid, don't worry about your old man, I'll be fine." He took a step back as we heard the front door open and Kim yell out, "Bella! Are you ready? You better be ready because J hates to wait!" She came up the steps and into my room as Dad fixed a scowl onto his face and said to her, "Who's 'J', Kimie?" Kim laughed nervously as she replied, "Jared Thompkins, Chief! You done sweating me about my love life?" He laughed and smacked her lightly on the shoulder saying, "Yeah, yeah. I heard you were goin around with him. Gunna be an old lady, huh?" I looked at them confused as Kim gave me a look that said she'd explain later and said, "We'll see. I'm not one yet. He hasn't even met Rita and Ray yet. Chances are I'd be better off having him meet Aunt bitch face than the two of them." Dad scowled a bit as he replied, "You know Kimie; your dad owned a Harley when he was your age, as I remember it Rita loved to ride with him. I think they'd be more understanding than you're giving them credit for." Kim looked shocked as she nodded and replied, "Thanks for the heads up Uncle Charlie, that actually makes me feel a lot better." He nodded and told her, "You stick close to Bells Kim. She'll take care of you if anything gets out of hand." Kim nods and we head out the door. We get into Kim's jeep and head into PA. About halfway there she tells me to go in her purse and get her pack of Marlboro's, I take it out and open it and see why she had me get it. I pull the joint that she had tucked in amongst what was left of her pack of cigs out, and pop the end between my lips, I take my lighter out of my purse and light it taking a deep drag. The weed is good shit that she probably got from J who probably got it from Jake. I hold it in my lungs for 5 seconds before exhaling and passing it over to Kim. She hits it and passes it back. By the time Kim pulls into the parking lot the joint is a roach and I put it out on the outside of the door. She pulls into a spot and we head for the bar. Kim is wearing hot pink rave pants that sit low on her hips with a black baby tee that shows off her taught stomach and belly ring. Approaching the bar we see that the line is around the corner, I huff and say, "Fuck the line, Kimie! Lets just go to the door, the bouncer will definitely let us in." A/N: Ok I'm going to cut this off here hopefully it's building up well. Leave a review if you have the time.