I was praying it was real. Wishing he was here. "Love, are you okay?" he asked. "Oh yeah, I'm perfect. I'm in hell. This is my punishment for killing my parents and putting Alice in a wheelchair. God is showing me what could have been. I know I did wrong, but just once I want to have something go right for me. Why can't just once I come out on top," I was in tears by the time I finished my rant. "Bella," I heard a voice I hadn't heard in three years. My eyes popped open and went to the door. There stood Alice. Yes, I said she stood. "Alice, how, what….." I couldn't get my words together. She was standing there with the rest of the Cullens. Jasper had his arms wrapped around her, seemingly holding her up. She moved forward swiftly to my bed. She gingerly wrapped me in her arms. "Oh, Bella, I am so sorry for those horrible words I said to you. I didn't mean them. I was just angry and scared. You didn't do anything wrong. It was an accident. It was the drunk driver's fault. I have looked for you every day since you left. I have missed you so much. Please, Bella, say you can forgive me," she was crying so hard she was shaking. "Alice, please stop crying. I understand and of course I forgive you. I have missed you too. I can't believe you are here. How did you find out?" I was curious now how this had all come to pass. "Well, you see I am engaged to Jasper. We are getting married in a few months. Edward was here for a work, and Emmett wanted him to check out a band for the reception. He found you and saved you. I don't know how I will ever be able to repay him," she hugged him fiercely. "Believe me Alice, no repaying is necessary. As long as she is alive, I have all the payment I need," he replied truthfully. I heard a throat clear. "Hey, what are we chopped liver?" Emmett attempted to joke. "Hello, Emmett, Dr. Carlisle, Dr. Esme. How are you all this fine evening?" I tried to chuckle, but it hurt. "Love, be careful. I am sure you have a few cracked ribs," Edward soothed me. I looked at him with tears in my eyes. "This is real. I'm not dead or dreaming. You really love me and want me," I whispered. "Yes, I do love and want you. You are not dead or dreaming. We are all here, and want you to come home with us. We need you to complete us," Edward replied. I looked up at all the people in my room. Some I had known for years and some had helped me through the toughest time of my life. I saw Edward's parents looking on with love and acceptance in their eyes. Jasper held Alice in his arms, and looked at her with total admiration. Emmett and Rose were stealing glances at each other. I knew the day I met her that she would fit Emmett to a tee. Angela just looked at me with happiness in her features. She had always wanted me to try and find Edward. She had told me that I would always regret not trying. I guess God had other plans to speed up the process. I hoped my parents were looking down and smiling. I know they had sent Jasper and Edward into our lives to save us. I hope I could live up to their expectations. Up until tonight I felt lost, alone, and abandoned. Now when I all but knew my life was over, I have my sister back and the man I have loved for as long as I can remember telling me that he loves me too. I came to New Orleans to get lost in the crowd and blend into the scenery, yet late one night in the French Quarter, I was found and saved. I don't think I will ever stop thanking the heavens above for their divine intervention. We have a long road ahead of us, but I know that we can make it through anything as long as we stick together. I caught Edward smiling and I can't help but smile back. "Thank you," I mouthed. "You're welcome," he responded with a kiss to my forehead. I closed my eyes and relaxed. Tonight had gone from the second worst night of my life to the greatest night in existence. I felt at peace for the first time in my life. What tomorrow may bring, who knows, but I was ready to face it head on. EPOV I looked towards the house and saw her sitting in the rocking chair with her eyes closed. She did that a lot, just sitting and listening to the sounds of the South. I think back over the years and wonder how we made it together this long. As I chase our grandchildren, playing the tickle monster, I think back to that night in New Orleans. What would have happened if I hadn't been there? Would someone else have saved her? Would her life have ended without anyone knowing what had happened to her? She was lost in the city of the lost and forgotten, and I found her, bringing her home where she belonged. I thank the heavens for her every day. I am the luckiest man in the world. I mean I am married to my best friend, who is my saving grace. She has given me four beautiful children, who have given us ten precious grandchildren. I pray that we have many, many more years together, but should she be taken, either by accident or design, I would follow swiftly. My life would hold no purpose without her. And to think it all started one night in New Orleans… Show the author some love by leaving a review.