are washed up and we leave new floral arrangements. Umm, your family is next to ours and I was hoping that maybe we could help prepare theirs too? I'll pick up the extra flowers when I get ours if that's alright with you" she stammered shyly "Alice my dear that would be wonderful" if we weren't dancing with a ton of other people I would have kissed her right there but I didn't think they would appreciate the show. Well some would but I was a gentleman and some things needed to be shared privately Peter and I switched partners twice before the dance was through. There were toasts in honor of the regiments and our veteran ancestors and many a tear was shed by all. At last we ended the night singing the songs made popular at the time and then we escorted the girls outside to wait for our carriage. The driver took us along the Battery and through the oldest part of town where you could hear the music was just winding down from the parties all over old town. As we arrived at the girls home Alice turned to me and said shyly "Gentleman, please come in and if you want we can run you back to camp so you can pick up your things. It will save you having to go back tomorrow morning and finding a ride here. We have guest rooms and we all are tired. Say you'll stay here tonight, it will give us a chance to get out of these dresses, and then we'll head out to Middleton" "We would be honored ladies" Peter answered before I could move my lips. He nudged me with his boot, sniffing the air, like he was scenting the magnolias. I caught it too the faint scent of Alex near our ladies home. Yes we'd be definitely staying here tonight. We waited in the parlor for about 15 minutes when I heard the girls coming back downstairs. Seeing them in jeans and tees was a surprise, so far I had only seen period dresses. They looked so young and innocent and again I was reminded of Maddie. She wore dresses all the time but there was this one time that she put on her father's shirt and pants and hat and tried to join us in playing ball. It was quite funny and she was actually very good it at. Grabbing the car keys off the table in the entry way Alice lead us to an older but nice SUV. The ride to Middleton took about 20 minutes with the surprising traffic for one in the morning, must have been people leaving the parties and the ball. Arriving there we parked and went to my tent. The girls sat on camp chairs outside while we dressed and packed it all at vampire speed unseen by anyone. As we exited the tent a truck pulled up and a few men of the company jumped out and in minutes the contents were stowed in the bed and the tent was taken down and packed away in the canvas bag. Shaking hands all around we followed the girls back to their car. The house was quiet and we did not smell Alex anywhere near it now. Still it worried me that he had been near here at all. I just hoped he was not interested in them because he scented us here tonight. We would have to stick to them like glue tomorrow and then hunt him at night. "Boys, here is your room for tonight. There is a bathroom across the hall, I'm just next door, and Charlotte is across the hall. Sleep well and we'll see you in the morning" Alice beamed and we both got a kiss on the cheek before they went to their rooms. As soon as they were out of sight we flew around the house locking doors and windows. Then as silent as a breeze we were back upstairs. This room had twin beds with high headboards at least 100 years old. There were new pillow top mattresses which would make resting a pleasant change from camp beds or under a tree. "Jasper I'm sorry I never told you about my love for Susannah. We had pledged ourselves a month after you disappeared, mama knew and her mama knew but no one else. I only kissed her once. Then I too was taken from here. I don't blame you my brother. It was too much to put on your shoulders and we have been happy having each other over the years, but I must tell you now that I love Charlotte. I know its fast but I felt the pull tonight when I kissed her hand. Did you feel anything for Alice?"Peter said nervously "Yes Peter, the moment I saw Alice my body felt like it was hit by a truck and the dancing with her tonight, well it was all could do not to carry her off and ravish her. It's more like a mating wrecking ball than a mating pull. At least for me and yes I love her too" I told him still rather embarrassed about where my thoughts headed at some points tonight. Even now I could hear her next door and I wanted nothing more that to go in there and make her mine in every way. I knew nothing like that would happen tonight so I just decided to rest comfortable with the fact that soon enough Alice would be mine. I made sure to send a thank you to Maddie. She had to know I still loved her but I was grateful to her for sending me Alice. Once Alex was caught, Peter and I could have the happiness that was ripped from us. We would be able to spend time here and we would have love once again. There's nothing quite like Southern Comfort. Show the author some love by leaving a review.