don't you? You like dirty talk, like hearing how much your pussy is squeezing my cock. It's fucking heaven." Seth sighed before he pulled back once more, "Hands up baby, we don't want you to get hurt now, do we?" My whimpers changed to cries as he slowly pulled back only to thrust into me again. His hands roamed all over my body as his stood behind me, rubbing my leg or cupping my breast and tweaking the nipple. His mouth attached itself to my neck, and I was sure I'd have either a nice case of stubble rash or one hell of a hickey in the morning. "Is this what you dreamed of, what you imagined when you used that fucking toy every night when you thought I'd gone to sleep? Fuck me, every time I heard you I got so hard, I was sure I'd be able to knock your door down with my cock sooner or later. And you crying out each time you'd come, I wanted to walk into your room and dive in between your legs, just so I could fucking taste you." "Seth… fuck . So fucking good…" I grunted, and I felt my body tensing once more. "Fuck me, you are tight, I can feel you sweetheart, starting to squeeze my cock. You're so close aren't you? I can't wait till you fucking squeezing me like a vice. That's it baby; don't hold back on me, I want to feel you." He whispered into my ear before taking the lobe into his mouth and biting down on it. My eyes fluttered open, his body pressed against me as he slowly rocked into me. He muttered words I could hardly hear in my ear. I was thankful that he was still behind me; I doubted I'd have been able to stand without his body holding me up. "Are you still with me Bella?" He whispered, slowly lowering my leg from the bath. My legs felt like jelly, and he had to catch me as my knees buckled. "Have I kept my promise, do you think? Did I fuck you hard enough?" he punctuated his questions with a another quick thrust. I couldn't do anything but grunt. He chuckled as he slid out of me. In any other situation I would have been pissed that he found the fact he'd fucked me to idiocy something to laugh about, but I was too fucked out to care. Slowly, he picked me up and carried me to his room before laying me carefully on the bed. My back arched as I felt his lips softly trail up from my ankle to my knee, the gentle pressure grounding me and bringing me back. "Now I have to fufil my second part of my promise…" his words didn't make a lick of sense, rattling around in the mush that was probably once a very useful brain. Slowly, so slowly, Seth kissed a trail up my thigh. I couldn't help but sigh as his hands slowly worked my tight muscles, relaxing them after our shower fun. His hands never came higher than mid-thigh, though he did continue with the kisses up my body until they found my pelvic bone. He became obsessed with sucking and running his nose from one side to the other, the gentleness such a contradiction to the animalistic fucking only minutes earlier. "You're stunning, do you know that? How could this seemingly innocent woman have so many people willing to drop to their knees?" He looked up at me then. The emotion that smothered his words only echoed what was in his eyes. "How is it that you're not running from me? After how hard I fucked you in that shower? You're not fighting me, you're not running away? You lay here, willingly letting me look at you, when I know that seeing you in your bathing suit makes you blush?" He smiled, slowly rising, coming to rest between my thighs, his face shining above mine. "It's like you were made for me…" Seth lowered his body onto mine, kissing me reverently, placing himself gently at my entrance and slowly thrusting in once more. I sighed as the burn once more spread through my body as he moved above me. Head touching head, eyes locked with each other's; it felt so intimate that the act became more than just sex or making love. I burned with an intense need for him. I couldn't fathom how anyone would ever make me feel this cherished. "You're beautiful," I whispered as I felt my body once more start clench as my release drew closer. "Bella…" My eyes closed as I threw my head back; my walls pulled him into me more. I had never felt as close to someone as I did right then. I felt him push and pull into me a few times before he stilled. As we laid there, it felt so right; like I belonged in his arms, under him, with him. "Did I hurt you?" He asked softly, carefully, breaking the silence. "No," I smiled. I might have been a little sore tomorrow, but right then, I felt anything but pain. "You're crying Bella." I opened my eyes. His face was filled with worried as I stared up at him, and he wiped a few stray tears away. After how he made me feel, I couldn't help but want to take his fear away. "Overwhelmed. I think that about sums it up." Lifting my head, I gently kissed him. Seth rolled off of me before snuggling in behind me, pulling the covers over our sweaty bodies. I had never been one for cuddling before, but here and now it felt just right. My eyes fluttered closed again and I felt his arm come to rest across my waist. It was only seconds before I was drifting off to sleep. "Bella," his soft voice wrapped around me like a second blanket. "Can I keep you?"