I can feel the heat in the truck. I can feel the shaking of the seat behind me. Why is he shaking? It's only a momentary distraction, because once again Edward pushes his way into my mind. He's back. I don't know if I should be happy, or mad, or nervous, or excited, or sad. I want to see him, but I don't. I want to scream and laugh and cry. "Bells? Bella! Isabella Marie Swan, you better answer me!" My head snaps up at the use of my whole name. Charlie. He has the passenger door open and his smooth brown eyes are frantic, his voice panicky. "I'm ok," I say, but I know he doesn't believe it. My voice shakes, and and tears spill out of my eyes. Surprised, I reach up to touch my cheek. It's already wet. How long have I been crying? It doesn't matter. Charlie is afraid. I wipe my face dry, and smile at him, trying as hard as I can to at least convince him I'm not going back to zombie mode. I turn to my driver, Paul, and thank him. I laugh a little when he wraps me in a soft and secure hug. I remember being terrified of him, and think it was incredibly silly of me. Paul would never hurt those he loves. He's just a little over-protective. Soon I find myself sitting criss-cross on one end of Charlies couch while he sat on the chair, staring at me. I can tell he is waiting for the return of the zombie, or a melt down, or something. "Dad, I'm fine. Well, not fine, but... Okay. I'm okay. So can you stop looking at me like that?" My words come out as a complaint, a little more annoyed then I intend. He smiles. "Like what?" he asks, faking innocence. "Like I'm going to explode, or melt, or freeze, or do something equally as freaky." Charlie laughs, and I smile a little along with him. Bad actor my ass ,I think, remember the time Edward was in my room at night, and told me I couldn't even act like I was alseep. "Okay, kid, if you're really okay, I'll let you go. But if you need anything, water, food, a gun, a blanket, don't hesitate to ask." "What was that one in the middle, Dad?" "Food?" "Not that one." "I don't know what you're referring to, Bells," he says, grinning in that evil way only the chief of police can. "Good night, Dad." I get up and hug him and kiss his cheek, before turning and walking up the stairs. The second my door closes, the tears fall again. I lean my back heavily against the door. Suddenly I can't think. It's just terrifying, deafening silence, and never-ending tears. I stumble across the bed in the dark, and, of course, trip onto my bed. Soon after my head hits the pillow, I fall asleep. My dreams that night are terrifying. I sit on the beach at the res, surrounded by the pack, my brothers. Jacob is right in front of me, and in front of him, right at the edge of the woods, is Edward. He looks so pained. I just want to reach out to him, stroke his smooth face, kiss his perfect lips. But every time I move forwards, someone grabs me from behind, holding me in place. "Edward," I choke out in a whisper. He steps towards me, out of the forest and into the cloudy light that belongs in Forks. All at once, my overprotective brothers are replaced by gigantic wolves, and they all ran at Edward. He turns and runs into the forest, moving in a blur. A few seconds later, his screams filled the air. "NO!" I scream as I sit upright in bed, panting and sweating. I look around me at my dark room. Everything is as it was. Nothing has changed. But suddenly I feel so terrified. I roll over, shoving my face into the pillow, and push the thought away. Hours later, I fall asleep again, haunted my the same nightmare over and over. He's back , I think. Edward is back. I don't know how I feel about this. I'm very nervous. I want to see him, and at the same time I don't. I'm also so angry. How dare he come back? How dare he put me through that and then just show up unannounced? And on top of all that, I'm confused. I keep trying to tell myself that I don't love him. That I don't miss him. But every time I picture his beautiful, perfect face, my heart beats faster, and my palms steart so sweat with nervous excitement. Especially now. Especially here. I lay stretched out uncomfortably in the center of the meadow, his meadow, eyes closed and sleeves rolled up as high as they go. Today is the second warm day in a row, an extreme rarity in Forks. I groan, frustrated that I can't enjoy the sunlight. My thoughts are spinning, swirling like a whirlpool. I roll over, and open my eyes- And I scream. A cold, smooth hand covers my mouth, and golden eyes widen in shock. But they aren't the eyes I was expecting. These eyes are harder, more thoughtful and calculating. They look as though they see everything, good and bad, light and dark, important and insignificant, and take it all consideration when planning even the smallest of things. Wavy blond hair frames his square jaw, and when I look closer, I see small, half-moon shaped scars on his neck. "Afternoon, darlin'," he says in his thick southern accent as his hand moves away from my lips. "Jasper?" Sooo... Yup. There it is. The first chapter. Let me know what you think please! I'm really nervous about this . Thanks if you read it all the way through and didn't want to stab me in the eye because of horrible writing, haha