me explain. You didn't give me a chance." "You didn't even try!" I yelled, suddenly angry. "After I left, you didn't call, you didn't write, you didn't come see me. You didn't do anything but cry to Grandma! So don't you dare tell me that this is my fault!" "I called you before! I was at your door three times a day, every day, that whole week! You didn't even tell me you were leaving!" He took a deep breath. "That Saturday, I came to the door, and your grandmother looked at me with this look that was just pure pity, like she knew. Like she knew how I felt,and like she knew that I was going to hurt for the rest of my life. She took me into the kitchen, gave me her Ultra Pity cookies, and told me you were gone, and you were never coming back. Bella, that destroyed me. I didn't eat, I barely left my bedroom, I almost lost the apartment, I lost Jessica. I was a wreck." By the end, he's whispering, and the first tear falls slowly down his face, triggering my own tears just a second after. Without my permission, my hand reaches up and holds the side of his face gently. I wipe away the tear with my thumb, and his own hand holds mine in place. "I'm back now," I say. His huge arms scoop me up in a hug, my toes barely touching the floor so that I can reach to wrap my arms around his neck. And though he's squeezing me too tight, I feel like I can finally breathe right again after four years of missing him. "Don't leave me again" he mumbles into my ear. "Same goes for you, Em." I breathe in his cologne, and the smell of the hamburgers. My hands hold the back of his shirt tightly, revealing the shooting star once again, and the memory attached to it. … Every year, I spent the fourth of July with Emmett and Ally and their parents, Carlisle and Esme. But that year, the year I left, the year it all started, Emmett and I snuck away from the park, the people, the river, the fireworks, the noise. We made out way across town to an elementary school where we could barely hear the boom of the light show, and we lay down in their soccer field, side by side, hands joined between us. We'd held hands before, a lot, but tonight felt different. We both wiped our sweaty, nervous hands on our pants before our fingers intertwined. We stared up into the beautiful sky, watching as each star came out, one by one. It was completely silent, but it was companionable silence. The kind you could be in for hours, and never get tired of, or uncomfortable in. When I started shivering, Emmett pulled me close to him, and wrapped his big strong arms around my shoulders. I was instantly warm, even overheated, but I didn't complain. Being so close to him did weird things to my stomach, but I loved it. I rested my head on his chest, and the sound of his heart beat into my ear. I could even feel his chest move with its force. " Em?" I asked quietly. " Yeah?" " Why are your fingers shaking?" He quickly pressed them harder into my arm, probably trying to stop them. They didn't stop. "You make me nervous, Bells." I laughed, disbelieving. "Emmett Cullen does not get nervous. I bet you're just cold and don't want to admit it cause you think you're too manly." He raised himself onto his elbows, forcing me to move off of his chest. I was hovering just above him, so close I could see the little freckle on the side of his nose that he's hated since forever. "No, Bella, that's wrong. You do. You make me nervous. My stomach twists, and I shake, and my palms get sweaty, and my heart pounds. Every part of me just wants to reach out and hold you, and I don't know why I haven't yet but I want to, Isabella. I want to so bad." My jaw dropped somewhere in the middle of his speech, and I have nothing to say to that. Is it possible he feels the same way about me as I do him? There are so many girls that want him, he could have his pick of a majority of the junior or senior class. But here he is, in the park with plain old me, telling me that I make him nervous. I don't get it. " Say something, Bells?" he whispers. " I can't," I whisper back. "I'm speechless. You really feel that way about me?" " I'm in complete and utter awe of you, Bella." He leans towards me, closer and closer and closer. He's going slow, giving me time to move away if I don't want this, but I really, really do. So I don't move, and suddenly his lips are on mine. He tastes like soda and cotton candy, and it's a delicious taste, and all I can think is that I want this moment to last forever. … So, this chapter was kinda short. But yeah there it is. It won't be all supernaturally or highly action-packed. It's just a love story. Obviously it will have it's twist and turns, so if you're into that, follow, and pleasepleasepleaseplease review! :) Also, I have a HUGE favor to ask of you guys. If any of you are into the drawing this (I don't care what kind, anime, chibi, realistic, etc.) could you please draw me one of Bella and Emmett together? I want to use it for the image of this story. I will give you credit. Thank you very much for reading. And for those who also read Too Little, Too Late, I will get back to writing it as soon as I can, I promise.