and laughs as she says, "Ugh, Quil, I'm fucked up! I feel a little better now though" She still looks pretty fucked but she's at least speaking coherently again and I know she'll be fine when she wakes up later. She finishes the second glass and the busboy comes and fills them again. This is part of the party routine, after a big night we always end up at the diner. Our food comes and we dig in, she looks about 75% sober by the time we get the check and she tosses down a 10 at me as she finishes her final glass of water and we get up and go pay. I drive her back to her dads with the windows open and she seems much more alert and awake but maybe she's just cold. I pull into the driveway and idle as she gets her stuff together. She turns to me and says, "Hey do you want to come in? We can watch some TV in the living room, dad will be asleep by now." I think about it and decide why the fuck not, it's like 4am now but I don't have to work tomorrow so I can watch a movie or something. I throw the car in park and tell her, "Yeah sure I don't have work today so it doesn't really matter when I get home" She smiles and we head up into the house, she tosses me the remote and snuggles up against my side as I skip through the channel guide looking for something to watch. I finally settle on Adult Swim on Cartoon Network and put down the remote and wrap an arm around Bells. Taking our relationship to another level has been rolling around in my head lately but I have no idea how to do that. I've known for the past 2 years that there was a physical attraction there. Sometimes the tension between us was almost unbearable. But then there was the fact that she wasn't native. My father and grandfather would have a fit if I brought her to their home as a friend, that's why through 6 years of friendship she's never met them. It would be a lot worse if I brought her home as a girlfriend. I don't know, Bella is an awesome girl but is she really girlfriend material? She's got a past, so do I but even with my looser ways hers is wilder, she drinks and does drugs on a regular basis, she's loud and brash and she's got metal head chic down to a science, I don't look at girls like that as girlfriends, they're hook ups, one night stands. I love Bella too much to do that to her. Don't I? My mind has been running this all different ways and I have three main truths; first, I love Bella as a friend. She's been the one I've confided in and trusted with everything for the last 6 years. Second, I want her physically more than I've wanted anyone else. Lastly, I can't see myself dating her or having any kind of relationship with her. She gets up and says, "I'm gunna get another glass of water, do you want a drink?" I shake my head no and she heads into the kitchen. I watch as she comes back and drinks her water, her eyes on the TV. She relaxes back into the overstuffed couch and I wrap an arm around her shoulders. I know that what I'm about to ask her is wrong, under the circumstances it's so wrong because I know she's high and I know she's had a lot to drink but I need to ask. I need to get this out in the open. I'm not going to promise her anything I'm just going to ask for what I want. I take a deep breath and say, "Bella? You awake?" She shifts against me and answers, "yeah, whatsup?" I've had hookups and one night stands before but I've never been nervous asking for one. I guess because before this none of those women really mattered, Bell matters, we've been friends for so long and I don't want to lose that but sometimes no matter how much you want things to stay the same they change anyway. So I take another deep breath and I ask, "Bella, would you think it's a bad idea or that it would be weird, if I asked if I could hook up with you?" She takes a shaky breath and doesn't say anything for a long time, I'm starting to get worried and I wonder if I should just laugh it off and play it as a joke when she says, "umm I don't think that would be a good idea tonight Quil. I'm not saying no, just not tonight ok? I feel a little nauseas and actually do you mind if we call it a night?" I smile at her and I can see that she's not rejecting the idea and she's right, tonight is not a good night, really I just wanted to put the idea out there to see if she would completely shut it down. Now I know that she's considering it. I rub her shoulder a little and tell her, "Yeah B, that's fine, I'll talk to you tomorrow ok?" She nods and walks me to the door and I head to my car and drive home where I drag myself up to my room and lay down, the thoughts running through my head are oppressing me and I push them away and spend the rest of the early morning trying to get some sleep. A/N: So that's the first chapter… I hope you guys like it. It's not going to be a happy easy story. There's going to be drama and hurt and before the end a lot of you probably won't like me but I hope you stick around for the whole thing!