for her blood to hold that lively aroma. Aslo looked down on the woman and I saw a flash of his true self and the remorse he had grown to feel, but that flash didn't last long. "This is natural, Sarelle. You know that," he hissed as he crouched over his kill. I hadn't paid her much attention before but now I looked at her again I recognised some of her features. She was the Christian woman who came around sometimes, doing the doors, selling bibles and ideals. She didn't deserve this. "Look at her, Aslo, is that really your true nature?" "This is my true nature, Sarelle." he growled as he pointed to his now ruby eyes. "Why try to live any other way when nature intended this to be our ways?" "The Cullens have succeeded, so it's possible. We just have to try harder. We've managed ten years , Aslo," I pleaded. I didn't want to lose him to this, but I couldn't stay with him if this was the life he'd chosen. It wasn't what I wanted. "Exactly, Sarelle, ten years of a constant struggle. I'm sick of it. But if you think you're so much better than me then you run to your beloved Cullens, try and fit in with them," Aslo spat, as he stepped over the woman's dying body towards the sink. I wobbled as he pushed passed me, purely from the shock of what he had said to me. We'd had arguments before, a lot of them. Most were about this topic, but he'd never used the Cullens against me. Then again, he'd always reasoned and agreed to try again, this time was different. "Don't be cruel. You know I can't go to them."I glanced at Aslo and saw him place his now clean hands on the edge of the sink, his head bowing. He turned suddenly, his face no longer the mask of anger but a soft version of regret. "And I can't deny myself, Kvetina. I've lived too long with human blood. You don't understand." His red eyes pleaded with me but I didn't feel anything but hate for their weakness. They screamed his crime at me, even more so than the body of the woman not far from my feet. "Fine. Give up. See if I care." "Sarelle... kvetina," he whispered, his eyes watching me frantically. "No, Aslo. From now on consider yourself alone because I plan on succeeding, and I won't stand by while you murder for no reason. I can't do it."I stared at him hard in the eyes, and I saw the shutters go back up. "When you're done trying to be a saint, call me," He sneered as he went to gather his stuff from upstairs. "Yeah and when you're finished being weak you do the same," I roared up the stairs, glaring as he came down with a duffle bag and a clean set of clothes. I watched with disgust as he dumped the bag, and in one swift moment snapped the woman's neck. "Waste of perfectly good blood," He drawled before he left, breezing out the door and leaving me with his mess. I had hated him for a long time after that. It wasn't for leaving me with a dead body in the house, or even committing the murder in the first place. It was because he had just been another person to discard me. He hadn't thought I was worth fighting for and that was something I'd had enough of. However that hatred soon turned into regret and loneliness because for all our sour words and quarrels I still loved him as the dear friend he had become to me. I missed him and his company, so when I received his phone call five years later and heard his words, his apologies and promises—all was forgiven. Of course at that point it wasn't because I was lonely, I had new friends to stay with, it was purely because I wanted him in my life again. No one could replace him. I smiled as the memories faded to the background and I focussed on what was home now and had been for five years. It was strange how quickly it had settled into that description and how easily I had fallen into what I now considered to be my family, my coven. I raced up through the door, shaking my hair out to tame the waves and releasing a few leaves from the mass. "How do you always managed to bring the forest back with you?" said my sister's voice, her Russian accent barely present. "Sorry, Tanya," I giggled as she came and gave me my welcome home hug. It had only been a few days since I left. Then again they had lost before, not that they talk of Irina much. "Would you be adverse to a little night outing this eve?" Tanya quirked her neatly groomed eyebrow as her golden eyes sparkled with mischief. I grinned with excitement. "I take it, Kate and Garrett are...otherwise occupied." "And Eleazar and Carmen. Can you believe it, them subjecting their poor sister to such a thing?" Tanya teased, and we both chuckled as we ascended the stairs arm in arm. It was a fact that Tanya had no issues with 'subjecting' us to her exploits. "It's unbelievable," I gasped in mock horror. As we reached Tanya's room and she dashed to open her wardrobe wide while I perched on her large mulberry bed spread, all satin, velvet and luxury. "Now what do you think?" she spun holding two equally provocative outfits. "I think that tonight is going to be a very fun night," I mused before indicating the pale pink slinky dress. "Oh it will. Now, you wear the midnight blue and the men won't know what's hit them." Tanya thrust a form fitting short dress at me, and I giggled at what the night might bring. Life with the Denalis was never boring.