he begrudgingly released me, a pained expression etched on his beautiful face. "You're not Edward." He cleared his throat and ran a nervous hand through his hair causing my heart to ache at the familiar gesture. "No…I mean, yes, but no…I'm not. Okay let me start over. My name is Edward Cullen. I'm the lead engineer of the R&D Department at Cullen Robotics." "I don't understand. Cullen? Are you any relation to Carlisle?" "He's my father," Edward sighed. "Uh, look I'm sorry to just show up like this, but do you think I could come in for a minute? I…I promise not to take up too much of your time. I just feel like I owe you an explanation." I nodded my head and shuffled to the side, ushering him through the doorway. He took a seat on the couch and proceeded to fidget, his knees bouncing nervously. My Edward never fidgeted around me; just further proof that my love was truly gone. A lone tear slipped down my cheek as I limped over to the overstuffed chair adjacent to the couch, gingerly taking my seat with a wince. If this man was here to provide an explanation then I was determined to get my questions answered. I stared at this Edward doppelganger sitting on my couch, marveling at the fact that this Edward and my Edward looked absolutely identical, even donning the same odd colored bronze hair and scruffy face. "Why do you look the same?" "Well…I designed the android-" "Edward. His name was Edward," I corrected in a firm voice as another tear slid down my cheek. "Yes…Edward. I designed him to look exactly like me. He was programmed with my eccentricities, my sense of humor and taste in music and books, even my flawed character traits…all of it. Down to the tiniest detail." "So what you're saying is that my Edward was basically a robotic version of you. Why would you do that?" I asked, completely perplexed as to his motives. "That is the question, isn't it?" he mumbled under his breath. Suddenly his expression changed from one of regret to one of complete determination. He slid forward in his seat and placed his elbows on his knees. "Okay, I'm going to be completely blunt and put it all out on the table. Just please let me get through it all without interruption. What you choose to do with me once I'm finished will be completely up to you." "Alright, I'm listening," I whispered, leaning back in my chair and shifting around a bit to take the pressure off of my hip. "I have an anxiety disorder, so I'm not really good with people, but despite my shortcomings my father brought me on at Cullen Robotics the day I graduated high school. Given my impairments , I'm afforded certain liberties within the company. The lab…it's mine. I work completely alone. Once a design is finished, the schematics are sent off to our production department and my involvement ends. However, this project was different." I shook my head and huffed loudly. "That still doesn't explain why-" He held his hand out beseechingly to stop my rant. "Four years ago I was leaving my father's office when I was nearly trampled at the elevator by this stunning brunette. See, it was her first day as my father's administrative assistant and she was running a few minutes late." I blushed profusely at the memory. I had wanted to make a good impression on my first day, so I stopped to get Carlisle his favorite coffee. I had rushed off the elevator and managed to trip over my own feet, tackling the poor man that had been walking toward me. I'd managed to save the coffee as the young man righted me, but was completely unnerved when I looked up into his beautiful green eyes. I could barely stutter out an apology before I tucked tail and ran. Now it made sense. Those green eyes. "One look at the adorably embarrassed expression on your face and I was done…" he sighed, smiling wistfully. "Bella, I've been in love with you since you fell out of that elevator and into my arms. I've watched you…all these years, too afraid to make a move. When Carlisle approached me about the companion android project, I selfishly handpicked you to be the recipient. I thought that maybe…if I made it just like me…and you were receptive…fuck, I'm an idiot. Please, please forgive me, Bella. I know that I fucked up and that I deserve nothing less than for you to boot me out on my ass, but I'm here, Bella…the real me. I'm begging you, please…just give me a chance." I sat stoically for a moment and absorbed his words. This man, this… stranger …was in love with me. He designed my Edward with all of his own personality traits, in essence pouring himself into a mechanical shell. So was it plausible that if I could fall in love with my Edward, that I could fall in love with this Edward, too? I mean, hadn't I already? I stood carefully and made my way around the coffee table and took a seat next to Edward. With my head cocked to the side and my bottom lip pinched between my teeth, I studied the man before me. He looked the same, spoke the same…hell, he even smelled the same. "Bella," he sighed as he raised a shaking hand to caress my cheek with the back of his fingers, his eyes filled with longing. And there it was…that zing, that magic spark that had once ignited between me and my Edward. I took a deep breath and felt my world slowly shift back into place. This Edward and my Edward, they were one and the same. Leaning forward, I kissed him gently and placed my hand on his chest. Yes, he was my Edward and I loved him. This heart… his heart, it beat just for me.