was like to be on the outside looking in. According to Alice, she was the only reason he was still with us. Because she refused to leave with him. Alice eventually grew angry with his hopelessness, just as Rose had with mine. "We went through this with Emmett," I'd overheard the two girls talking. "Give him some time. He'll come around." "I know. I've seen. He's just… ugh." While the girls were away on one of their pick-me-up shopping trips, and Carlisle and Edward at work, I slipped into Jasper's room to speak with him, deciding that it was time for his brotherly talk. But it didn't go as I'd planned. "Jasper? Can we talk?" I peeped my head through the door. He looked up and nodded solemnly. I slipped into to room and joined him on the fluffy sofa Alice had picked out. For a moment we simply sat side by side in silence. I wasn't sure how to start my little speech. I'm not precisely sure how it happened, but things drastically went left sometime shortly after I entered the room. I tried to tell him that he wasn't a burden, that he was a part of this family. Jasper spoke about how Alice was upset with him and wouldn't talk to him and somehow—I think he used that mood trick of his—I wound up with his dick inside me. He was sitting on the cot with his pants around his ankles, my pants were inexplicably in a corner somewhere and I was straddling his waist with his long, thick, hard cock up my ass. My cheeks touched Jasper's thighs and he penetrated me deep. I was still trying to remember how we'd got in this position, when he ran his scarred hands down my muscled body until they found a resting point on each of my ass cheeks, then he easily lifted my heavy weight up until nothing but his plump head was left, and he gently let me back down. His cock brushed against a sweet spot inside of me and I came undone. "Oh fuck, Jazz. Mngh…". He gripped my round globes and I wrapped my thick arms around his slender frame, letting the huge appendage stretch me open. With that firm grip of his, he rocked me back and forward in his lap, making me fuck him. It felt amazing. Did I want this? Or was he making me want this? "I'm not doing anything. This is all you. You like my thick dick up your ass." Without ever unsheathing himself, he smoothly shifted us into a different position on the couch, putting me on my back and wrapping my strong legs around his waist. He took complete control and for some unknown reason, I let him. Perhaps I wanted to be used for a change. He set a swift and smooth pace inside me, sliding his long member in between my plump cheeks and up my tight ass. I could feel it inside me, sliding along my walls. I could feel it stretching me open, stuffing me, filling me up. I let him moan in my ear and I moaned back in his. I let him wrap his arms around my neck and I wrapped mine around his, running my fingers through his curly ash blonde locks. Then I let him shove his long dick so deep inside me it made my legs tremble around him. "Em, you feel incredible. Mnugh… You're so tight . I could fuck your ass all day." My eyes rolled back in ecstasy. At the rate he was going, I would let him. Alice got to have this every night. The lucky bitch. I was rock hard and my cock hadn't even been touched. Alice. Alice! Rose! "Oh my God, Jasper!" I said with wide eyes, when my mind caught up with the present. My brother-in-law was on top of me, inside of me. "What are we doing?! Edward's going to find out! And Alice probably already saw this happening." I tried to push him off me, but he wrapped his arms around me tighter, resisting, still giving me long, deep, inexplicably amazing strokes. "Shh, shh, calm down," he whispered in my ear while he dicked me deep. I tried and failed not to moan in response. "We both know that Alice doesn't always see everything. And she can't see the past or the present." He never slowed his strokes. "Had she known this was going to happen, she would've never left us alone. And let Edward find out. I'll deliberately think about it when he gets back. Then we'll fuck him too ." He gently pressed his lips against mine, effectively silencing me while he continued to thrust his long rod into me and the fight left me just as quickly as it had come. I could feel my release coming and I reached between our bodies and stroked myself. "Fuck, Jazz, keep that up and I'm gonna come. Mngh, fuck." "Yeah? My long dick's gonna make you come?" He flicked my hand out of the way and started stroking me himself. "Yes, Jazz! Right there! Fuck! I'm gonna… ungh…" I sure was glad we were alone. I let out roar so loud it indubitably scared all the surrounding animals away. My release shot out in thick ropes, into Jasper's hand and onto my shirt while I roared. "Yeah that's it. Come for me." Jasper kept right on fucking. He evidently wasn't done. "I'm gonna make you come again. " And sure enough, he continued thrusting into that tender spot inside my ass until my dick got hard again and minutes later, I was moaning his name once more, while warm liquid—much thinner this time—spilled from the tip of my cock. This time Jasper fell over the edge with me. He clutched onto me, pounding into my ass brutally, causing the sound of repeatedly smacking marble to fill the room. Then his hot load filled my insides.