that way? He changed our diapers for god's sake!) Aunt Rosalie and Uncle Emmett unfortunately couldn't make it. They were currently on another honeymoon. She promised to make it up to me even though I tried to tell her I didn't mind. The pack just hung around the kitchen. Even though they liked us, they still didn't trust their imprints around my vampire family. The atmosphere was festive. Everything was fine until cake time came around. That's when it started to turn sour. On the cake in bright pink big curly writing was " Happy 6th Birthday Renesmee!" I felt the blood drain from my face. My veins had turned to ice. My name wasn't on the cake. They had forgotten me…. None of the others had thought anything was wrong, save Aunt Leah, who swore loudly, apologized to me and barley made it out the door before phasing. She and my sister knew instantly and both were furious. I even could feel the second my sister realized it. Her whole body stiffened and she gasped. I started to tremble, a lump in my throat. Ren looked at me sadly. She wrapped her arms around me protectively, glaring at our family. I heard my mom ask with panic, "Nicki! She's crying. What's wrong sweetheart?" I kept silent, trying my hardest not to let my sorrow leak from me. "You forgot to put her name on the cake." Her usually soft and cheerful voice sounded venomous. The ' you forgot her' was lingering awkwardly in the air. Mother's face filled with horror. "Oh my god! I can't believe we forgot. Nicki baby, we are so sorry. We didn't mean to. I'm so sorry". There was so much anguish and guilt in her words. "Nicki..." She froze as I looked up. I was quiet even as a baby. I almost never cried or fussed like Renesmee. So the tears running freely on my face was shocking to everyone in the room. Silence enveloped the room. I took a shuddering breath, intending to tell them that it was okay, that I forgave them. The only sound that came out was a loud sob. Tears ran down my face fast. My body shook with the force of my sobbing. My family was there instantly. All trying to comfort me and apologize for hurting me so bad. For once I was the center of their attention, not my sister. I clung to my mother and father for the rest of the evening. I had no clue when the next time I had their full attention would be. Everyone lavished attention on me. My family felt awful, and the pack felt bad for not realizing it sooner. I wasn't too upset with the pack though. I wasn't an imprint, so I didn't expect them to care about me as much as they did Ren. For a little while I felt loved and wanted again. That night my parents put Renesmee and me to bed, (I needed to be by her that night, and she was still being very protective and wouldn't let me out of her sight) , they stayed longer than usual. "Nicki, again, we are so sorry. I don't know what we were thinking. I still can't believe we forgot." Father looked at me seriously. Regret lined his face. He and I were closer than I was to mom, so it broke my heart that he forgot too. I knew they did not love me as much as Renesmee, and I should be grateful to have their attention at all, but I was still hoping that maybe the cared enough to remember me. His eyes were pained as he heard my thoughts. "Nicki don't you ever think that. We love you as much as your sister. I know we haven't shown it like we should, but I don't want you to think for a second that you mean any less to us than your sister." My mother gasped. "Is that what you think? That you don't matter to us?" I nodded timidly. Ren tightened her hold on me. I knew she disagreed, but she wanted me to have this moment with them. "Nicki Elizabeth Cullen! Your father is right. We haven't shown you the love and affection you deserve, but that does not mean that you are any less in our eyes. Sweetheart, the reason we don't give you as much attention is because of how wonderful of a child you are." The confusion must have shown in my face. "Nicki, you are such a great child. You do what is asked of you without complaint, never ask for anything you want, or need, and are respectful and peaceful. You don't throw fits if you don't get your way. You seem to be content on your own and not in the spotlight. You don't seem to absolutely need or want our attention all the time like your sister does, and haven't said anything to tell us otherwise. We thought you were fine and didn't want it. Baby, I know you are strong and independent, but I don't want you to ever hesitate to tell us when you need us. Do you understand now?" Tears sprang into my swollen eyes. They did love me. The actually loved me. Dad smiled. "Of course we do. Now you girls get some sleep and we'll discuss this more in the morning." Mom and Dad kissed each of our foreheads then left. "Ren…" My head buzzed with thought. "Yes?" My breath came out shaky, "They care. The really do love me." Her whispered response was swift. "I told you so! You just needed to tell them how you felt. I don't know how they wouldn't love someone as amazing as you." I simply hugged her tighter. I could feel myself about to drift off into a deep sleep. Probably the most peaceful one I'll have in a while. My last conscious thoughts were, 'I'm not forgotten anymore. I'm loved."