asked, he too suddenly feeling as tired as his father looked. "You've been given a month from your birthday to find your Mate and marry." "Wait, what?!" "I know it's not enough time Jacob, but that's the only time they'd allow otherwise they would've refused even that." "How do they expect me to find my Mate in a month? And we've already had all those balls and all that stuff they demanded for and I didn't find my Mate anywhere in the Kingdom, they even went as far as hoping my Mate was one of the People(1)!" "I know Jacob. That's why I have decided to send you to America." "What?!" "The council has agreed to let you go there in hopes you'll find your Mate. We think maybe your Mate is not here, but maybe somewhere else. It will be good to get away from the Kingdom before having to take the Throne." Jacob nodded his head. He knew that even if he wanted to protest there wasn't much he could do. With so talk of war mixed with the fact that some of the Council members were pushing for one of the King's young cousins to take over the Throne, if the Prince didn't find his Mate there would be problems within the Kingdom. Jacob knew that he didn't have much of a choice in the matter. "Is that all?" "For now yes, everything else will be discussed fully once the celebration is over. Oh yes, and you are expected at the ballroom for the beginning of your birthday celebration." Jacob nodded though the excitement for the celebration had been damped by the fact that once it ended he'd need to leave the only place he'd ever known and go on to live in some country he'd only ever read about. Jacob bowed and was dismissed. He walked down the long hall dejectedly. Sam and another of Jacob's personal guards Jared followed silently. It was times like these that Jacob was glad Sam followed the rules. The man never spoke unless spoken to and even if Jacob did strike up some conversation Sam would just answer what he was asked and nothing more. Jacob sighed as he reached his room. He turned to the two guards and nodded his head at Sam and Jared and they stayed outside while Jacob went into his room, shutting and locking the door behind him. With a tired sigh Jacob pulled off his robe and dumped himself on his plush king sized bed and fell asleep. It was hours later that Jacob was woken by Emily – who'd long ago been given a key to the Prince's room – telling him he had two hours to get ready for the beginning of the celebration. Jacob had long ago made the rule that he would get himself ready and that Emily would just evaluate to make sure he was set. The Prince dragged himself out of his warm bed and went to the bathroom, locking himself in it. He pulled off his cut-offs and stepped into the shower, turning on the taps and adjusting the water to his liking before letting the warm water fall from his head and down his body. He grabbed his shampoo and squeezed some into his cupped hand. He put the container down and rubbed his hands together before lathering his mane of hair thoroughly before rinsing off. Once he was sure his hair was clean, the shampoo completely washed off, and smelling pine-fresh, he grabbed the coconut flavoured body wash. He squirted a dollop into his hand, putting the tube away then scrubbing his body before letting the water rinse off the suds. Done with his shower, Jacob switched the water off then stepped out of the shower. He grabbed a towel and dried himself before wrapping the towel around his waist. He grabbed a smaller towel and dried his hair. He stood before the mirror, wiping off the steam, before grabbing his toothbrush and toothpaste. It was then, while brushing his teeth, that Jacob actually realised something and dread instantly flooded him so much so that he even let out an annoyed groan. This week was going to be the last chance for Dukes and such of the court to try and get Jacob to pick their children to be his Mate or partner. He was sure royals from other countries were attending the weeklong celebration too and they too would try to push their children to getting Jacob's attention. "Great!" the Wolf Prince muttered to himself. He let out a sigh then spat out the paste, rinsed his toothbrush and mouth then walked out the bathroom. He found the clothes that he was expected to wear already sitting on his bed. He blow-dried his hair first, combing it back and tied it back into a low ponytail. He got dressed quickly, putting on an expensive custom designed Armani tux that sat on him like a second skin, show casing his beautiful body. He also put on his accessories which included golden howling Wolf cufflinks and a Rolex watch. He grabbed his tie and placed it around his neck before opening his bedroom door to find Emily waiting for him. His surrogate mother smiled bright at him before stepping forward and doing his tie for him and fixing his shirt. She made do a 360 turn before nodding in approval. "Your mother would be so proud," Emily said, tears glistening in her eyes. Jacob smiled at the woman, pulling her into a bear hug. Emily allowed it. Jacob finally pulled back with a sigh. He stopped Sam and Paul waiting for him and with a sigh, nodded at Emily then walked off to the dining hall. … TBC… So… What'd'ya think? Good? Bad? I did consider making the Kingdom struggle when it came to income but then thought, nah, not this time, so no struggling Kingdom this time 'round. (1) Common folk… like me! Anywhoo… (",)