full, and completely satisfied, and I gazed out the window. There was a slight mist of rain forming on the windows, which reminded me I needed to find somewhere to lay my head for a day or two. Angela returned with the bill, and as I counted out the money (including a generous tip for Angela), I asked her if there was anywhere in town I could stay. "There aren't any motels, but there are a few good bed and breakfasts that would take you in. There is a hostel just on the outskirts of town, which take in hikers, if you don't have much money," she said, looking at her feet to hide her blush. "My mother and father run it. He's the local minister," she added, with a small smile. "Could you possibly give me a list of the B & B's?" I asked her. "Sure," she replied. "I'll be right back." As I waited, my gaze drifted out the window again. The rain was becoming slightly heavier, and I hoped that there was somewhere close by. She returned and handed me a slip of paper, that contained a few names and addresses, including her father's hostel. I smiled at her thoughtfulness, and thanked her sincerely. I gathered my pack and headed out onto the street. Unfortunately, the jacket I had on had no hood, and the boots I was wearing were worn and letting in water. I didn't know how much was on my credit card, but it said platinum, so I knew it would stretch to a few new clothing items. I walked a little ways down the street, and came across a sporting goods store, that had all manner of clothing items in the window. I entered the store, and looked around. I managed to find some sturdy hiking boots, and a very warm looking raincoat. I took them to the counter, and was served by a girl with long, dark brown hair, and a pale complexion. She was very pretty, and looking up at me, I could see her eyes were a warm, chocolate brown. Her name tag on her top indicated her name was Bella. "Hi," she smiled, but her smile was forced. It wavered slightly on her lips, as she looked me up and down, and back to my eyes. I got self conscious and looked away from her gaze, to my items of clothing in my hand. "Just these, thanks," I mumbled to her. I didn't know why she was staring at me so intently, and I blushed as she rang up my purchases. "You just passing through?" she asked, as I fidgeted on my feet. "Um, I'm not sure yet," I answered, looking back at her. She had stopped staring at me, and was putting my items in a bag. "You on your own?" she asked. What was with this girl? Was she always so inquisitive? "Yes, I am," I answered, perhaps a little too sharply, as she looked back at me, with an apologetic look on her face. "Sorry," she mumbled. "I was just wondering, as you don't look to be old enough to be travelling on your own. I mean, you look to be about my age." She gazed at my eyes again, but I didn't look away this time. "And what age would you be?" I asked, with a smile. "Seventeen." "Yes, well. I am sure I am not much older than you," I replied vaguely, smiling inwardly at my actual age. "Sorry," she mumbled again. "It's just that …. Well you look …. Oh, never mind." "Please don't say I look older," I chuckled. She seemed to relax a little, and sighed slightly. I felt a little easier myself. Maybe she was just curious of strangers in her town, and maybe just trying to have a polite conversation, which I had ruined because of my self consciousness. "No, of course you don't. I'm sorry, it just that your eyes … well, they are beautiful," she smiled. My eyes? Oh! Of course! I had forgotten about my eyes. Being what I was meant my eyes were a bright shade of violet. A very unusual trait in the human species, but in mine it was very common. "Yes, well, that would make me an oddity then," I said, a little sadly. "Oh, no!" Bella stated. "I would say you were unique. But they are a stunning shade of purple," she answered with a slight frown. I couldn't understand her frowning, but I thanked her anyway. I paid for my purchases, and headed for the exit, feeling her gaze follow me as I left the store. "Maybe I'll see you around," she called after me. I quickly looked back and smiled. I walked a little ways, and came to a newsagents. I went in and bought a newspaper, so I could determine the day and date without having to ask someone and appear mad. It states that it is Monday 18th April 2005. I finally decide to try the hostel that Angela had spoke about. I was sure there would be less questions about a young girl hiking on her own there, than there would be if I was to check into a B & B. The walk to the hostel took a little over a half hour, and was told that I could stay as long as I needed. I asked if it were possible to pay day by day, as I wasn't sure how long I would be staying, and Mr. Weber, Angela's father, said that would be fine. I was shown to an old camp bed in a small room that housed six beds. Thankfully, I was the only one here at the moment, and I lay down and closed my eyes. Letting my inner sense drift outward, I searched for any danger in the vicinity, and deduced that there were none. I relaxed and soon drifted into a peaceful sleep that would heal me completely.