six foot two frame. Turning back toward me once more, her eyes became hooded as she eyed the small sliver of skin from where my shirt had come untucked from my jeans. She licked her lips as she stalked toward me slowly, swaying her hips back and forth. We had always teased each other relentlessly growing up in the orphanage. Though completely unrelated by blood, we were like brother and sister, completely inseparable. But I had to say, this new…sexy…side to Bella would be my undoing. She had grown into a beautiful young woman over the years and I would be lying if I said my cock didn't sit up and take notice the moment she developed breasts. I've wanted her to be mine for the last four years, but I thought she always saw me as the nerdy brother. Until recently that is. Bella continued her advance until she stood toe to toe with me, her pert nipples rubbing against my chest as she reached in the air for her sandwich. "Please, Edward…" she begged breathlessly, fluttering her eyelashes and biting on her plump lower lip. God, how I wanted to suck that lip. Maintaining my restraint, I shook my head back and forth. "Nope," I breathed, lifting the sandwich even higher. With a mischievous gleam in her eye, Bella shamelessly lowered her hand, sliding it down my shoulder and across my chest. Her fingertips danced down my abs, pausing at my belt, before reaching down to fully palm my hard cock. "Ungh!" I grunted, completely surprised by her bold move. I gazed into her eyes, our sandwich war temporarily forgotten. Licking my lips, I leaned in and planted a kiss square on her little mouth. Lowering my arm, I wrapped it securely around her little waist anchoring her to me. Bella kissed me back with fervor, one hand moving slowly over my pants covered cock while the other slid slowly down my bicep to my wrist until she reached the offending sandwich. Plucking her prize from my grasp, she twirled out of my arms and danced away having won the sandwich war. I was confused at the sudden emptiness of my arms. Looking across the room where Bella stood smiling smugly at her triumph, I couldn't help but feel bereft. "Uh, sorry about the sandwich…again…and for the kiss, too…I guess," I mumbled, stumbling out of the small break room and back toward the lab, suddenly embarrassed for my inappropriate behavior. It was obviously just a game to her. "Edward, wait!" she called after me. Catching up to me, she grabbed my arm, spinning me around to face her. Bella raised her hand to my face, slowly tracing my heated cheeks before running her thumb over my bottom lip. "Please, don't apologize for the kiss," she whispered, leaning toward me. "I've been waiting for that kiss forever." Closing the distance, she brushed her lips softly against mine before pulling away, her eyes burning with uncertainty. Wanting to erase all doubt, I leaned down once more, capturing her mouth with mine, moaning at the exquisite taste of her. I wrapped my arms around her tiny waist and lifted her from the floor, deepening our kiss. As we broke apart for some much needed oxygen, I buried my face in her neck, mumbling, "Fuck, Bella, I've wanted to do that for so long." Gasping, she pulled away shocked by my confession. "Really?" she questioned, her beautiful eyes belying her insecurity. "You don't see me as just a pesky sister type?" "Definitely not, Bella," I sighed. "I've loved you my whole life." "I love you, too," Bella acquiesced, tears pooling in her eyes. "Come on, love," I smiled, happiness radiating from every pore. "Let's get back to work. You know what they say? Five hundred and twelfth time's the charm." "Yeah," Bella snorted, "except this run makes five hundred and thirteen, thank you very much." Tucking her tiny body under my arm, we strolled back to the lab to read the latest run of test results. Releasing my Bella, I returned to my microscope, popping in the newest slide of cells. Shocked by what I saw under my lens, I looked up at Bella at the exact moment she looked to me. "Are those the result from five thirteen?" I questioned, nodding toward the paper she held in her hand. "Um, yeah," she mumbled, "but I think we need to run it again. Something doesn't look right." She stumbled over toward my stool, placing her hand on my shoulder for balance as she reexamined the test results. Looking into the eyepiece of my microscope, I was amazed at the utter lack of cellular degradation. The cells were perfect, the walls completely intact. "What do the readings say?" I asked, never removing my eye from the lens. "Well, in a nutshell, there's no damage to the cells," she explained. "Is that what you're seeing?" Looking up from my microscope, I gazed longingly at the love of my life. "Fuck Bella, I think we did it," I proclaimed as I jumped from my stool and scooped Bella into my arms, planting kisses all over her beautiful face. "Are you sure?" she giggled as she dodged some of the sloppy smooches. "Well, of course I'm not sure," I laughed. "I'm a scientist!" I raced to the small cooler unit to retrieve another sample. "We need to run the test again." My giddy enthusiasm spread like a virus, infecting Bella as she leapt into action, pulling Serum 513 from its designated home among the other vials. "Holy shit, could this really be happening?" she breathed, excitement crackling through the room like electricity. "If it is, then this is the best fucking day of my life!" I exclaimed as I pumped my fist into the air in celebration. "How so?" Bella purred, running her hand up my thigh. "Well, not only did I get the girl," I winked smugly, "but I also discovered a cure for aging!"