I did. "At least none that were female." "My dad wanted a son and got me instead." I grimaced. "I don't think I've ever met a Garrett before," I confessed, looking up to meet his eyes. I was surprised at their odd color, not having noticed them before. Now that he was closer it was hard not to see them. They were as bright as rubies. Red wasn't a natural eye color, but their shade didn't appear false. "Your eye color is remarkable," I stated with a small amount of wonder, glancing from one of his eyes to the other. He stared long and hard at me before looking away, his expression remaining solemn. "Thanks," he muttered tightly. Evidently my comment bothered him. I apologized. Garrett turned his head back to me, gazing down at my face. The longer I looked in to those red pools, the more I found myself wishing my eyes were such a color, not that I thought there was anything wrong with my brown ones. I blinked a few times and glanced into my lap where my bag was. "You're not from around here, are you?" he asked, breaking the silence. "I can hear it in your voice." I hum med and said, "No, I'm not. But you don't sound like you're from here either." "Indeed, I'm not," he relented, "but I've stayed here many times. It feels like a home away from home." When his eyes found my face again he gave a sad smile. He looked weary, as though speaking of home had caused old memories and longings to resurface. I offered a similar smile in return, for I knew the feeling. I longed to go home, but that place was no longer what it once was. In place of happiness and joy there now lurked bitterness and unwelcome feelings. Staying there felt like being in an airtight chamber that was slowly depleting its oxygen source; it was suffocating. Wishing for it to magically revert back to the way it was proved meaningless. The damage was done. "So where is it you're from," Garrett requested, "if you don't mind my asking?" "Some place out west," I offered, shrugging my shoulders. I really didn't want to speak about the place I had so recently left. "What about you?" He mimicked my mannerism and said, "Some place in the northeast." He paused, waiting for a reaction I assumed. When I didn't give him one, he asked, "Are you here with your family or friends?" There was something in his voice that made me wonder if he already knew the answer to his question. Or maybe it was the way he was slowly scrutinizing me, like trying to find hidden words among a bunch of random letters. I didn't know if I should tell him the truth or not; I had only just met him. Revealing personal things to strangers, things like coming to a city in another state all alone, wasn't very smart. I tucked a loose strand of hair behind an ear and looked at Garrett. "Actually, I'm not here with either." I wasn't sure what made me say it. Was I not thinking clearly? The truth was my thoughts couldn't have been clearer than they were now. There was still something not wholly right about Garrett; that I could still feel coursing through my body. It was danger. "I came by myself." "That was brave of you," Garrett acknowledged, considering something unknown to me. "How long have you been here?" "Not too long," I said, tilting my head away from him, "perhaps a week or two." And I'd been to the spot we were in now multiple times since then, never meandering too far outside of it. Perhaps it was the sea that kept drawing me back. I wanted to look upon those dark waters again. I stood from the bench and Garrett followed my movements with his eyes. Now the tables were turned and he had to look up at me. I crossed my arms over my torso at the abrupt cool breeze that passed over and through me, my skin prickling. "I'm going to walk down to the railing," I said, a little hesitant. "Do you want to come with?" "Why not go down onto the beach itself?" he answered, guessing my purpose. "I thought the beach was closed at night?" Garrett showed his perfect teeth behind a knowing smile and stood up. "Come on," he said, and motioned for me to follow. I merely stared at him as he began walking back the way I'd previously come, and wondered if I should follow the tall, dark stranger. A few seconds later he stopped and turned back and playfully said, "Are you coming?" "Um," I said a bit tremulously. I bit my upper lip and glanced down the short tunnel and back to where Garrett was waiting. I knew nobody else was going to be down on the sand and that we weren't supposed to be on the beach this late. I thought about what the consequences of being out of eyesight with Garrett would be or whether or not we'd be caught. What did it matter, anyway? "Okay," I surrendered, and strode toward him at a brisk walk. When I arrived at his side he looked down at me and commented that we didn't have to go onto the beach if I didn't want to. He only thought I might like the view better. "It's all right," I breathed, "we can go." Hmm, there you have it. Stay tuned for more, because there will be more. And just so you're aware, this story won't be very long. It's more of a one-shot that I'm splitting up into a few chapters because otherwise it would be monstrous for one sitting. All of what I write will be about 3,000 words in length for each piece, so I won't cheat anyone with short chapters because I also hate that. Thanks for reading.