now, more was good. "I just wanted to make sure. I want more, too." I sighed as his fingers gently massaged the ointment into my skin. It felt so good, more like a balm to my soul than something to soothe and protect my new ink. As he was putting on the dressing, I realized this man owned me, and I was never more taken by the overwhelming need for a man, this man, to consume me again just as he had before. There was passion and fire bubbling between us continuously now, sitting just under the surface of our inked skin. He made forget...everything. Except for him. E possessed not only my body, but my mind too. Whether I was awake or asleep, he was there, stoking the raging fire of desire within me. "You're so fucking beautiful, Iz. I love the way the ink on your skin tells me a story about moments in your life," E explained as those magical fingers of his glided over the bare skin of my waist. I'd forgotten all about my state of undress. "I really want to learn more about you, be more to you than just a co-worker or your tattoo artist. I've never wanted anything like this with anyone ever before, but you make me want it, want it all." His sweet words of confession weren't out of left field to me, especially after he said he wanted more, but having him tell me he wanted me just as much as I wanted him made me smile like a content cat after drinking a bowl of cream. "I make you want it all? Like the two-point-five kids, white picket fence, kind of want it all?" I watched his Adam's apple bob as he swallowed and nodded. "And a dog we can call Harley." "That's a pretty picture you're painting, as pretty as the one in your room," I stated, still smiling like a loon. Forget great expectations; it was more like unexpected revelations. Happiness bloomed inside of me. There was no rhyme or reason; no explanation needed any further beyond the sweet words we'd already shared. I knew coming home was the right thing to do. Something in my gut told me it was time, and standing there in front of E, I was sure of it. There was still so much to learn about each other. Likes and dislikes. Hopes and Dreams. Past, present, and the future to be discussed, but we had time. He had slowly been taking over me from the moment we met. All of this would come it time. Some people say good things come to those who are patient and kind. Others claim that you have to have luck to win in life. I just believe all it took was going under the tattoo gun to land the man of my dreams. When he was finished bandaging me up, I slid my top back on, sans bra. We cleaned up his room together and gathered the trash. We snuck small peaks at each other under our eyelashes, and small smiles played at our lips. It was easy. It was sweet. It was fun. Excitement bloomed, and I was ready to walk down whatever path he led me to. I would follow him anywhere. With everything back in its place, the floors swept, and the money counted and locked away, we headed out. I locked the door after setting the alarm. We stood silently facing each other, neither of us wanting to leave. Our hands were locked together. It felt good. It felt right. "What now?" I wondered aloud. "Now we live. Can I follow you back to your place?" With a small smile, I nodded. "I'd like that." He walked me to my car and held the door open for me, and I climbed in. Once the door was closed, I started the engine and rolled down my window. "This is a hot car you have," he told me as he ran his hand along the hood of the car. "It is." I loved my car. "This is where you touched yourself for the first time thinking about me, huh?" He wanted to play. "No." He looked into my eyes, confusion evident on his face since I had told him about catching his previous partner. "I got myself off many times before at home, long before I saw you with that man," I boldly answered. "But it was the first I had ever gotten myself off in my car. It smelled like sex in here for days." He groaned. His eyes were black again, and I squirmed under his heated gaze. "Fuck, woman." He shook his head. "You can't say things like that before I have to get on my bike. Do you have any idea how uncomfortable it is to ride with a hard-on?" I shook my head and held back from telling him it couldn't be as bad as getting worked up again when I wasn't wearing panties. He leaned in through my window and slammed his lips to mine, kissing me hard, leaving me wet and aching again. I was completely out of breath when he pulled away. "Before the night's over, I will have you again." "Promise?" "It's a motherfucking guarantee, love." I watched him walk to his bike and start it up, the loud roar from the motor making me wish I was on the back of his bike, the vibrations moving through my body as I held onto E tightly. I never wanted to let go, regardless of whether I was on that motorcycle or just living everyday life. "Drive!" he shouted over the noise, startling me once more. I did as he said, though, and drove. I never would have expected the night to turn out like this, everything to fall into place for me so easily. Now to make it home in one piece so I could have E again. Life was good. The End