tip back. I felt my eyes land on his long and exposed neck, wishing I hadn't done so the moment I started starting at it. I forced my eyes back to his face, but that glance only lasted about half of a second because the next half, I was pressed against the wall, his body directly in front of me, his forearm crushing into my chest as he held me there. I yelped in surprise and noted how vividly intense his eyes were, once again, burning into my face. I felt a heat of wave flood through my limbs, and cold chills from his body all at once. My chest hurt, both from my heart pounding violently and his strong hold on it,. "You're right, I probably will," he hissed, his lips close to mine. "You're very stupid, you know that?" I gulped, shaking against him. I looked down, avoiding that stare of his. I felt his fingers grip my chin roughly as he pulled my face back up. "I…I-" "You what?" He interrupted, cocking an eyebrow. "Just tell me your name, tell me what you want from me! Tell me-" "Do you have a death wish , Hersheys? Do you not take my warnings seriously?" He sounded frustrated, mad because I wasn't giving into his authority. I really should have shut the hell up, I should have taken him seriously…and I did. But the more he refused to tell me anything, the more I kept spewing questions out of my mouth, unable to stop them. I was dangling my own life in his hands and I couldn't stop talking! And now I was going to die, he was going to kill me because I couldn't keep my fat mouth shut when he told me to. "I'm very aware you can crush me with your little finger, okay? It's just I just sold myself out to you, I'm in your debt and I have no idea what it is you want from me or how it's going to effect me and the last two times we've encountered you've failed to give me your stupid name but you know mine and…yeah, I guess you could say I have a death wish." His expression softened for a split second, his eyes somewhat tender as if he understood my determination, but as soon as I saw it flash, it was gone, and he was all stone again. He pursed his lips, drawing my attention to them instantly. I could never focus on one aspect of him for too long, because there was always something else that stole the spotlight. His eyes, his lips, his lean build, his elegant hands. The perks of being immortal: you're absolutely stunning to the eyes. "Alec," he said softly, so soft I could barley hear him. "Huh?" "You belong…to Alec…that's my name." I replayed the name in my head, the more I did so, the more I realized it fit him. Alec just sounded like the sort of name that belonged to a douche. A sophisticated, cruel, messed up douche bag. I didn't know whether I liked it or not, but at least I had a name to go with his face. "Alec…" I repeated, and his eyes narrowed, as if hearing his name come from my mouth was an insult to him or something. Alec stepped back, casually folding his arms across his chest. "Mhm. Are we satisfied?" He asked sarcastically, and I hesitated, wondering if I should ask what he wanted, since he was starting to give answers. Before I could even open my mouth, he was talking again. "No," he shook his head. "I didn't say anything!" I protested, raising my arms. "I know what you're going to ask, and I wont tell you…not just yet." He said and glanced at my bags. "Grab your things and get in the car." "Where are we going?" I asked dumbly. "Last warning, Vanessa." In my foolishness and out of habit, not taking in regard to what he was capable of, I scoffed, rolling my eyes. I muttered an insult under my breath to him, which I knew he heard. Wrong move. His face remained calm, which was very eerie. I didn't like how collected and at ease he looked. Then, I saw it. A hazy, almost translucent mist emerging from the ground. I didn't know what the hell it was, but I knew that something wasn't right. The room began to spin, and I grabbed at my head, as if that was going to keep me from falling over. My body felt numb beneath me, second my second I was losing sensation. Alec smiled a small, knowing smile at me, his face leaning in once more. " Goodnight, Hersheys…" But by the time he said it, it could have been in a dream, for I was completely emerged in pitch black darkness, not knowing whether I was dead or alive. Writer's Note: Wow...okay..um...hey guys! For those of you who read The Emotionless Shadow, we're VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY SORRY ABOUT THE UPDATE SITUATION! We're almost done with the last chapter..(yes, for those who didn't know..it's the last chapter..) and very sad but really relieved we're almost finished once and for all. We love TES Alec and Nez but honestly, after two years, it's time for something fresh. This, right here, is fresh! Hope you guys liked the idea, and if we get good responses, we'll continue! We'll continue either way, but feedback will encourage us, haha. This Alec is very...difficult. Okay, he's an asshole, plain and simple. A lot more so than TES Alec. And this Renesmee isn't sweet innocent Renesmee running away from her family like in TES. She's been on her own for two years and is bitter and feeding on live humans. A lot of differances, which we love. You might be confused as to what the heck he has planned, but keep reading...eventually it'll start to make sense. Love you all! -IITM