a chatty e-mail from Alice, Edward would discover Bella broke up with Jake that very night. By text. And there had been no kissing between the couple. A soft clearing of the throat brought Edward's attention back to the present. "So…" Bella murmured. "So." Steeling herself, Bella turned to face Edward. "So, I'm not going to go another seven plus years without telling you something." "Okay." Looking him straight in the eye, Bella mouthed the words elephant shoes . He quirked an eyebrow at her, and she repeated the words, this time much slower. Suddenly, he was no longer sure what words she was actually saying. Elephant shoes looked exactly like… Surely, she was not saying the same words he had taken to telling her for a long, long time. I love you. "Bella?" "You've been telling me for years, haven't you?" "Telling you?" He felt his heart clench. She knew. And she was asking. Did he risk everything and tell her the truth, or just let it slide? Edward's hands grew clammy, and he felt his heart race in his chest. "I love you, Edward. I think I have in my own way since you first found me in the library, but we were both too scared to do anything about it for all these years." He stared at her in shocked silence. "Am I wrong? Am I wrong in thinking that you feel the same?" Again, he did not respond. Edward wasn't sure what to say. He had hoped for so long just to get up the nerve to tell her and here she was, surprising him, by professing her feelings for him. And he froze. Bella's heart sank. She'd gambled and obviously been wrong that he felt the same, and now one, of her best friends was trying to figure out how to let her down easy. How could she have been so… wrong. Without looking up, Bella rapidly untied the apron and pulled it off. She had to leave. Mumbling an excuse, Bella turned off all the burners and then scrambled for her bag before she fumbled to get by Edward. But he would not let her pass, suddenly putting his arm out to stop her. "Bella—" His voice was barely above a whisper, but it seemed oh, so loud to her. "Don't. Don't say anything. I need to go. Let me leave, please." Tears pricked at the corners of her eyes as she begged with him. "No." Edward patted his pockets and motioned for her to give him a minute before dashing to the living room, leaving her upset, confused, and alone in the kitchen. But she waited. Because he had asked, she waited. He quickly returned and pressed his phone into her hands. Now she was even more confused. Why did she need his phone? She had her own. "Give me your phone." "What?" "Please?" Something about the simple word and the look in his eyes made her hand over her phone. She was baffled, and her heart felt way too tight for her chest. Bella had arranged with Alice and Rose to be out of town for the weekend, everything was planned out. She was going to come over, tell him how she felt, and he was going to reciprocate. Finally. She was wearing her meant-to-be seen underwear, damn it all! Edward's phone buzzed in her hand. Confused, Bella looked down to see the words "Elephant Shoes" emblazoned across the screen. She looked up at Edward to see him holding her phone to his ear, so she answered the call. "Hello?" Bella's eyes shot up to meet his, wide and questioning. Hopeful. Edward slowly ended the call and placed her phone on the counter. To her, it seemed as though he was moving in slow motion, taking the phone in her hands and laying it next to his with a soft clunk. Bella found herself backed up against the counter with Edward's arms locking her in place. He leaned in, brushed her hair back behind her ear, and whispered into her ear. "I … talking to you about how I feel scares me." "Scares you?" she scoffed, trying to look up at him, but he continued murmuring soft and low. "Because you mean so much more, Bella. I never want this…" He motioned between the two of them. "To be weird. I don't want to lose our friendship if you didn't feel the same way." Edward's hand caressed her cheek and lifted her chin. "I love you, Edward," Bella murmured, hoping he'd lean in just a little. Sliding one arm around her waist, he drew her closer. "I'm going to kiss you now," he said, his free hand cradling her head, his fingers twining through her long, brown hair. "Damn time," Bella replied with a grin. Her eyes fluttered shut as he leaned down, his lips meeting hers. Bella found herself on tiptoes, trying to get closer, wrapping her arms around his shoulders to lift her 5'3" frame up to his 6'2" height. "I'm going to buy a step stool to keep here," she murmured. Sensing her effort, Edward hoisted her up onto the counter before he drew closer and placed her legs around his waist. The soft gasp that she made as their bodies rubbed against each other pleased him. "Or, you can do that again," she said with a giggle. "Yeah?" "Yeah." "I love you, Elephant Shoes." This was my entry (obviously) for the P.S. I love you contest. It earned Honorable Mention, Judges Choice, behind some pretty awesome authors *cough Born cough Gabby cough Remedy25 who I plan to check out now cough* Again, loads of thanks to Fran for betaing and to you, the reader, for spending a few minutes of your precious time with my words and ideas. 3 you all. I'm traveling for the next week, but I hope to get a few words down to start publishing a new story in 2017. I've missed it terribly.