toward the city. Once we get out onto the highway, cover is extremely limited. We have a few tricks up our sleeves to deter the Dreg should we come across some stragglers, but if faced with a horde, we would have no choice but to make a run for the Humvee. I prayed we wouldn't have to. The hike had been mostly uneventful, The Humvee was less than a mile from our current location. I had marked out paces on the pavement with chalk on our way into town, so we would know how far away from the Humvee we were. "Ed, man, we've got trouble," Jasper declared. I swung around, facing the opposite direction. Squinting my eyes, I could see what looked to be a looming dust cloud quickly moving toward us. "Jasper, get the specs." As he pulled a pair of binoculars from his pack and peered through the tiny lenses, I felt my stomach drop in anticipation of the worst. His eyes never leaving the binoculars, Jasper muttered, "Fifteen maybe twenty Dreg headed straight for our location. I wonder what's driving them. It's rare to see a horde this far out." B tapped softly on my shoulder and pointed down towards my waist, alerting me to the fact that the bandages covering her mangled feet had become saturated and were leaving a small trail of blood in the dry desert dust. "Fuck," I breathed. "They're following us. Well...her, actually. Jasper, pass your pack to Emmett and run ahead to the Humvee!" I ordered, tossing the keys in his direction. He caught them with precision and tucked the binoculars back into his pack. "It's going to be a close call, Ed." "I know, just run...fast. Emmett and I will continue up the highway in your direction. We'll meet in the middle. Go. Now!" I growled, readjusting B on my back and preparing to haul ass. "B, hang on tight and do not let go no matter what, okay?" Jasper shot off like a bullet from a gun, determined to get to the Humvee and make it back to us before those bastards reached us. I took off right behind him, albeit considerably slower. Emmett slung mine and Jazz's duffles over his shoulders, gave one more glance behind him at the approaching dust cloud of death and decay, and took off right on my tail. Hearing his heavy footfalls behind me, I took a quick glance over my shoulder at the beauty clinging to my back. "Emmett...if I go down...just get her to the camp. I can't explain right now, but she's...important." I was already losing sight of Jasper. Looking down, I saw a comforting mark on the pavement. Three quarters of a mile to go. The Dreg were gaining, though, with maybe only a quarter mile separating us by the looks of that dust cloud. Maybe less. Fuck. Emmett and I ran as fast as our cargo would allow. Half a mile to go. We should be seeing Jasper soon. From behind me, I heard Emmett's footfalls stop altogether and a hard thud as all three packs fell to the dirt. I swung around to see Emmett pulling his sniper rifle from his pack. "Emmett, what..." "They're getting too close, Ed. Keep going and I'll take some down to widen the gap. Go...go!" Round after round fired off as I turned and headed down the highway. I could see movement up ahead through the dusty haze. After another minute, the unmistakable camo paint of the Humvee came into view. A few seconds later, Jasper was skidding to a stop beside us. I quickly unwrapped B from around my waist while opening the back of the Humvee, setting her inside with as much care as I could afford. I didn't bother fastening the belts. In a post-apocalyptic world where the former upstanding citizens now try to rip you limb from limb and eat your flesh, I find seat belts to be a hindrance and extremely counterproductive to the ultimate goal of staying alive. I swung myself into the passenger seat and pointed down the highway from where we just came. "We have to go back for Em. He stopped to take down some Dreg and buy us some time until you got back to us. Go, hurry!" Jasper floored the gas pedal and we lurched forward in Emmett's direction. Over the roar of the engine, I could still hear the consistent crack of the sniper rifle. Less than a minute later, we were skidding to a stop right next to Emmett, kicking up dust all around us. Jasper and I were out of our seats and loading the packs within a few seconds. Looking up, I could see that the horde was less than fifty yards and closing fast. "Let's go! Move it!" I yelled, loading the last pack and jumping into the back seat next to a quivering B. I wrapped her in my arms and hauled her into my lap, slamming the back door of the Humvee closed. Jasper darted to the driver's side as Emmett hauled his large frame into the passenger seat. Jasper quickly threw the Humvee in reverse and pressed the gas as the horde descended upon us. Emmett grabbed his piston, lowered his window, and began firing into the sea of flesh eating monsters. As each one dropped, it seemed another gnashing, growling creature took its place. B began screaming as oozing, decayed hands clawed at her window. I tried to soothe her as best I could while silently pleading with Jasper to get us the fuck out of here. "Shh, B. It's okay. You're safe. We're going, we're going," I cooed, running my fingers through her hair and praying to whatever higher power was listening that I was telling the truth. Steadily putting distance between us and them, Jasper swung the Humvee around in a half circle and floored the accelerator, racing down the highway away from Rachel and back towards camp.