lip I had to stop before it was over too fast. She gripped me tightly, and I knew she wasn't too far off from her first. I counted to ten before I pulled back only to thrust back hard. Hearing the breaths leave her in a grunt fed the animalistic need to dominate her. I wanted her to know she was mine, that as much as she owned me, I owned her. Tossing her head back left her neck opened for my mouth. I licked, bit and sucked on the flesh as she whimpered before I felt she tightened around me. Wanting to watch her I slowed my thrusts knowing that if I didn't it would be over sooner than we both wanted it to be. Focusing on her, I watched as her eyes fluttered and her body tensed until it crashed over her. The sweet sigh that escaped her lips joining the grunts and moaning of our personal soundtrack. "Hey," the sighed as she opened her eyes. "Hi," I chuckled as I rocked a little harder into her again. The following moan only spurring me on more. "Can I have my hands back?" she laughed softly, wiggling her fingers to prover her point. "Are you okay? I didn't hurt you did I?" releasing her hands slowly, hoping to everything that she wasn't in pain. "No, I just want to touch you." She smiled as she stroked my face. She ran her hands up and down my back slowly, digging her nails in whenever I hit somewhere inside her that felt amazing. Her warmth wrapped around me as she tensed around me. I knew there was no way I was going to last much longer, but I wanted for her to cum with me. I desperately needed her to go with me. Lifting her leg so it wrapped around me I moved a little faster, a little deeper. We both groaned as the slight angle change pushed us closer together. She wrapped her arms around my shoulders, pulling me down onto her and claiming my lips for her own. "God I love you." I mumbled against her lips, as I felt my balls tighten. "Oh, god." She groaned as she curled in, her hips forcing the slightest change of position as she came around me once more. I couldn't hold myself back even if I wanted to. I felt everything as three quick spurts left me as my eyes closed. My head rolling forward to rest on her shoulder as we both shuddered. I couldn't help but smile at the fantasy I had every time we had been together. It wasn't more sex I craved it was just more. I could picture it, picture us all grown and working proper jobs. Bella running her business, me with my marketing degree working somewhere as I made my way up the ladder. Or maybe Bella with a swollen belly and a child with my blond curls running around the backyard of my parents' house back in Texas. It didn't matter, as long as Bella was in my life I'd be happy. "Hey, you're a little quiet. You okay?" she asked as she ran her fingers though my hair. "Always." I smiled gently kissing her turned head. Rolling to the side I wanted to pull her closer, but I knew it wouldn't happen. I watched instead as she walked into the bathroom to clean up. She may be on the shot which made condoms redundant, but she hated the feeling of anything running down her leg afterwards. Pulling the covers down until the sheet remained I climbed underneath waiting for her to come back. "So, I have to ask… Taylor and Eric ? Whose bright idea were those names?" she giggled as she climbed into bed a few minutes later. "Jake's, the ass made a bet with Emmett that we couldn't pull off four jobs in one night. If Emmett won, Jake would have to take his place as my partner, if Emmett lost, Jake got to name us for a month. Guess who lost?" I groaned as she laughed loudly. "I'm sorry, but you guys got set up. Company policy changed just before I left. You couldn't work more than three jobs in one night. Sam made the rule after one of the girls got doped up on something at a party. It's also why he favours teams than single jobs." Her snickering continued as she curled up into my side. "Do you have to go in tomorrow?" I asked as she yawned into my chest. "No, the girls are since they knew I'd have had a big night tonight. Why, what are you planning?" she asked as she rolled over a little to see my face. "Well tonight I had to prove you wouldn't be able to move. I think I did that, yes?" I smiled like the ass I knew I was being as she nodded. "Well, tomorrow I plan to celebrate that you said yes to marry me." "Smart ass… wait, what?" FAGE 9: The Last Ride… I've only ever participated in the last three but what a great time I've had doing so. My recipient this year, the lovely Cruiz107 wrote an amazing story for me last year, and I love the fact that I got to write one as a thank you to her this time around. I did play with her prompt a little as no matter how I tried I couldn't picture Bella as an exotic dancer/stripper. So who better than Jasper to heat it up a little. I used the lyrics of her prompt to make the story. As for Jasper's dance I constantly played Nick Jonas's Chains through my phone and that's what came onto the document. And yes I did mean to leave it right there, no I won't be writing another chapter. I love leaving the ending opened, it give you a chance to picture whatever you wish to happen afterwards…