arms, down over the bare expanse of her back, making sure he gets each and every inch, then circling around to do her stomach, as she exclaims, "God you're good at that." As Paul finishes up rubbing the lotion into her skin, Sam runs down and flops on the towel next to Leah, "So what's the plan? Skinny dip?" Leah laughs, "Maybe later tonight. Though it's probably not the best idea to start sneaking out right away." Kim agrees, "Yeah, not sure you wanna start with the sleeping pills right away. Let him have a chance to settle in first. This way he doesn't see it coming." The group settle in on their towels, as Jared comes and joins them, and they start soaking up the sun…the others come down and settle a little ways away. Angela walks over to them, her voice mournful, as she asks, "Why did you have to leave me with Lauren and Jess?" Bella shrugs, in truth she and Leah, and through Leah she and Kim, are a lot closer than she and Angela. There were things she and Paul could do without worry in the same room as Leah, Sam, Kim, and Jared, that they just wouldn't feel comfortable doing with Angela there. Leah speaks up, crudely as usual, "Listen Virgin Angie, do you really want to watch or listen to us get it on with our guys when you haven't even given yours a hand-job yet?" Angela scrunches her face up in annoyed mortification, "Jesus, Leah! Do you have to be so vulgar ?" Bella rolls her eyes as Angela stomps off, throwing back at them, "Like your dad is going to let the guys out of his sight anyway, Bella!" Bella's annoyance ramps up as Lauren yells over, "Hey Boys!" The guys roll their eyes, and Bella huffs, "That girl has absolutely no shame. I mean Mike's right there!" Leah, starts to get up, but Sam pulls her back down, saying, "Don't babe, skanks like that ain't worth it." Leah waves dismissively, "you're right."' She pulls Sam close, kissing him passionately, their tongues intertwining, while Sam runs his hands all over her. Paul smirks, Bella however spots Sue coming around the corner, and reaches out to pinch Leah hard. Immediately she breaks the kiss to snap, "What the fu…Hey Mom!" Sue gives the group a suspicious once over, "Girls. I hope the three of you don't make me regret taking your side with Charlie on the cabin issue." Leah looks suspicious now, "Why did you? I know it's not because you trust us so much." Sue shrugs, and her voice is strange, as she answers "Better you three, than those other two. I can punish the three of you myself if it comes right down to that. With those other two I have to worry about their parents getting their noses out of joint if I say the wrong thing to them." Bella looks at her funny, she's known Sue her whole life, and she can tell when she's hiding something. Before she can call her on it though, Sue turns and walks away. Leah looks around at the group, "Does anyone else think she was full of shit there, or was it just me?" Bella raises her hand, "Nope, I caught it too, she was definitely hiding something." The girls shrug, and Paul pulls Bella back against him, moving her hair off her neck and kissing the soft skin at the nape, raising goose bumps, as she shivers and moans, "Mmm, Jesus, you're a bad man Paul." Paul smirks, continuing to rub her shoulders, as he says, "And aren't you lucky little girl, I'm all yours!" Bella smiles, leaning into him, "Trust me Babe, I know just how lucky I am." **Time skip, around 10:00 that same night** Paul wraps his arm around Bella as they sit around the raging bonfire, she balks slightly, "I'm all sweaty, Babe." Paul laughs, and whispers in her ear, "So what, Baby? You know I like you best when you're all slick and sweaty…" She just smiles slyly at him, before saying out loud, "I thought it was supposed to get cooler at night?" Charlie replies from the opposite side of the fire, "I told you we were supposed to get a heat wave Bells, I guess it just came on a lot quicker than expected." Lauren, Mike, Jessica, and Tyler come down and settle in on one of the log benches with a bag of marshmallows and a bunch of sticks, they divvy them out amongst the group and everyone settles down to cook the sticky sweet treats. Lauren catches Bella's eye across the fire, and quips, "So Bella, Jess Ang and I were thinking that if you and your girls weren't too chicken, we'd come over to your cabin tonight." Bella rolls her eyes, "Why would we be scared of that? I mean besides your horrible personality…" Lauren smirks, "Well, I know how scared you get whenever we play with the Spirit Board. I mean, didn't you practically piss yourself last time?" Again, Bella just rolls her eyes, scoffing, "We were like 7 years old, Lauren. I think I'll be okay." Leah speaks up, "What's a Spirit Board?" Smirking nastily, Lauren answers, "It's like a Ouija board. One of those Parker Bradley games or whatever, only real. You'll see the difference when I bring it over later." Charlie speaks up, "Okay, it's late. Paul, Sam, and J, if you want to clean up before bed go over to the main building now. Otherwise you'll wait till morning. Girls if you're going to be hanging out in one cabin you all need to leave together. No one at a time bullshit. I don't want anyone getting lost or hurt wandering around by themselves in the dark, you stay together with your cabin mates until morning or you stay in your cabin. Now get going, Mr. Newton and I will get the bonfire shut down."