few seconds before replying, "Could you take us to a town called...Volterra?" The warm smile that appeared on the driver's face when they first got in disappeared in a flash, leaving him as pale and silent as death. Wide-eyed, he gazed at them through the mirror for a few tense seconds before swallowing with a hollow chuckle. "Aw, I see. You are attending the yearly Notte di Immortals that's held in the castle of Volterra." Both girls tilted their heads. "Notte...di...Immortals?" "Yes," the driver muttered while he drove with haste on the two-lane road. "Loosely translated as Night of Immortals." Perking up with interest, a patent spark glinted in Jessica's light blue eyes like the reflection of the sun's rays on the surface of the ocean. "Immortals? Oh, I like the sound of that. It makes me feel powerful...and sexy." Smiling without humor, the driver shook his head forlornly at her, but did not give a reply. -x-x-x-x-x- The ride was about an hour long, giving the girls plenty of time to discuss about the party. Neither of them had ever gone to a masquerade ball, so they weren't really sure on what to expect. Bella asked to see the invitation Jessica received from, supposedly, 'a gorgeous brunette woman dressed in all black' that she had met in the store. The brunette held the paper in front of her curious eyes as she read the flowing crimson script out loud. "Fine music and food, splendid dancing, wonderful games and… romance and mystery. Wow, whoever wrote this has a problem with describing everything ." Jessica snorted with an agreeing nod while rolling down the window closes to her. Bella hummed as she examined every inch of the invitation. It was decorated with rose designs that trailed around the beautifully scripted words. Pressed at the bottom was a red stamp in the shape of an intricate V with a small symbol held between; a very familiar symbol. The brunette's face scrunched up in confusion. "What's wrong, Bella?" Jessica asked, seeing her friend's expression change drastically. "I…I've seen that symbol before," She whispered back as she placed her finger on the stamp. Jessica tilted her head in curiosity. "Really? Where?" "I…can't remember, but I know for a fact that I've seen it." "Hmm…maybe it was on one of the posters for this ball we're heading too. You probably past one by, and happened to see it." Bella knew for a fact that she never passed by any posters, but she soon let the subject drop at the stunning view of Volterra. The ancient, golden brick town was nestled on top of a tree-covered hill. Each home was stacked either above or behind the other until finally reaching the tall clock tower that stood at the end of the settlement. Behind the square and rectangular buildings, the sun was on the very edge of setting for the day. Instead of the multicolored beauty she had seen earlier at the hotel, the sky was a midnight blue with a thin rim of fading crimson. For some reason or another, Bella found the sight to be more beautiful than the one from before. "Dude, look at this traffic!" Jessica yelled in disbelief, gaping at said line of cars and taxis shuffling forward with honks of irritation and impatience toward the entrance of the city. "It's a very popular ball, miss. I'm surprised that it isn't longer. Last year, the traffic reached about four miles back," the driver said in a matter-of-fact tone, stunning both of the girls into gawking silence. They made their way to the entry at an agonizingly slow pace, but finally managed to get to the gates. In a built-in booth on the side, a lean man with curled locks of coal-black hair, which fell down his head in a handsomely distracting manner, closed the arched gates and leaned out the booth window with a charming grin. "Are you parking or leaving?" He asked the taxi driver in a deep, honey-smooth voice that made Jess shivered in delight and Bella shudder in disgust. "I'm lea-leaving," the taxi driver replied in a stutter as he drummed his thick fingers nervously on the steering wheel. Smiling with icy amusement, the booth man moved back and tossed his head in the direction of the gates. "You may proceed then. There's no need to pay if you're not going to stay. Just make sure to clear the parking lot immediately after dropping off your lovely passengers." At the words 'lovely passengers,' the booth man trained his odd, light violet gaze on the two girls in the back. Bella instantly hid behind her hair, but Jess soaked in the attention with a flirtatious smile. The dark-haired man smirked and said to Jessica in a seductive purr, "I hope to see you later tonight, my sweet one. There's so much I could show you ." Captivated, the blonde girl giggled in a coy manner and replied, "Trust me, you will." Bella choked on a laugh at the double meaning in her friend's words. Nodding in satisfaction, the man flicked his gaze to Bella, and froze when she looked up at him at the same time. Eye to eye, they stared in silence; him stunned and her puzzled. Neither could look away from each other. "It can't be," he suddenly whispered, his narrowed eyes widening in shock. "The Queens said you were coming, but..." Bella scrunched up her face in confusion, but she didn't have any time to reply as their driver abruptly rushed through the opening gate. Within an instant, the man was gone from her sight and Bella was left with a weird feeling in her gut. Turning to look at Jess, she rolled her eyes playfully at the sight of her friend turned in her seat to look out the back window of the taxi. The blonde was practically drooling as she tried to catch one last glimpse of the black-haired man at the booth. "Oh, Jess."