Bella had ever had. Soon their meal was over and after a brief argument over who should pay, which Bella won, the two headed out into the growing darkness. "I guess we should head back to the transport spot," Bella said with a sigh. She didn't want to think of how Emmett would react that they couldn't even find Mr. Cullen much less find his forever. "I've enjoyed today, Bella," Masen said gently, taking her hand as they headed back toward the meadow. "I have, too. You've really made today a lot more enjoyable than I thought it would be." Bella smiled up at him and gently swung their hands as they walked down the quiet street. It felt so comfortable holding hands with Masen that she did not even realize she had done it all day. "Bella?" Masen said as they got closer to where they had started. He took both of her hands in his and faced her. "Yes?" "I haven't been totally honest with you today." "Oh?" "I started to tell you before our dinner arrived. The reason I go back to work for Emmett every year is that there's someone I've kind of fallen for." Her heart fell. Of course there was someone. Throughout the day, Bella had seen how kind and considerate Masen was. Anyone that would spend the day showing someone else around his hometown in the misty rain so that someone else could find their happily ever after had a kind heart and Bella could see falling in … Now her heart was in her throat. Had she fallen in love with Masen just as he was telling her that he had a crush on someone else? Life was particularly unfair right now. "Bella?" Masen gripped her by the arms, holding her as if he were afraid she was going to pass out and it was a very real concern as her face had turned an ashen white. "I … I hope you and your forever find each other soon," she muttered. Bella decided she couldn't help Emmett any more. There was no way she was going to be able to face seeing Masen's name on the database next to someone elses' name. "But I think I have." "You think you have what?" Bella asked after a few minutes to let his statement sink in. "Found you." "Me?" Bella's phone buzzed but she ignored it. "I wrote a routine into the matching program to leave your name out. It would show as a blank entry. I would get a notification when your match was made. I just wasn't expecting…" "Expecting what?" "My full name is Edward Anthony Masen Cullen." Bella shook her head in disbelief, silencing her phone yet again. "But we've already met. The date in the database says tomorrow." "Is there a year?" Bella thought for a moment before shaking her head. "I met you two years ago on Valentine's Day." Bella's phone buzzed again. With a grumbled curse, she pulled it out and read the quick message. "Rosalie's in labor," she gasped. "I'm telling Jasper we're ready to come back," Masen said without a moment's hesitation. Moments later, the two found themselves back in the transportation center. Bella grabbed his hand and dragged Masen to her car. "I need you with me," was the only explanation she could give as she rushed toward the hospital. An hour later the two silently sat side by side in a waiting area. Bella, full of nervous energy tapped her fingers on her bouncing knee. Masen finally grabbed one hand and held it tightly, earning a smile of gratitude. "I get bouncy when I get nervous," she explained. "I know. I get quiet." "I know." Another hour passed. Bella stifled a yawn. "Come here," Masen murmured, putting one arm around her and letting her rest her head on his chest. Bella sighed happily as she snuggled in. She drew a few symbols on his jeans covered leg before making a check mark several times. "What was that for?" he asked. "I always told Emmett he wasn't allowed to match me up. I wanted someone to care for me for me. Not because he thought the person would be best for me." "And?" "I think I've found him." Six hours later when a worn out Emmett appeared at the waiting room door, he found his sister and Masen asleep, her perched in his lap, him with his arms wrapped around her waist. Emmett quietly approached and gently shook Masen by the shoulder. Masen opened his eyes slowly, blinked a few times and saw his friend smiling down at him. "'Bout damn time," Emmett whispered. "Could say the same for you and Rose." "I have a …" Masen held up his hand to stop Emmett. He gently shook Bella, rousing her. "Wha?" she murmured, blinking her eyes. When Emmett came in to focus, she woke up instantly. "Baby?" "Beautiful. Just like her mama," Emmett said proudly. "A girl?" Bella grinned. "They're cleaning her up. Y'all can come see her in about half an hour. Just wanted to tell you." "Congratulations, big brother." Bella jumped up and gave him a huge hug. "And congratulations to you, Bella B." She punched him in the arm before smiling sheepishly and taking her position back in Masen's lap. "Hurt her and I will end you," Emmett said, shaking Masen's hand as he congratulated the new father. "Understood," Masen replied. After Emmett left to rejoin his wife and newborn daughter, Bella looked over at the clock. "Happy Valentine's Day, Masen," she murmured, leaning down to place a soft kiss on his lips. "Happy Valentine's Day, Bella." And of course, they lived happily ever after. In case you're wondering, Edward's name was Edward Anthony Ma Cullen because the middle name field was truncated. There was no good way to work it into the story, but there you go. Hope you enjoyed my little holiday story…I'd love to hear what you think! DeJean