tears spilled on my cheeks. I didn't know that he love me that much. I thought he didn't want me. His palm that was over my erection, move upwards and rests on my stomach. He pressed his palm over and tracing circles with his thumb. "In my life, I never thought about having a child. I didn't even dream of having a family and raising my own child. But you came into my life. You found me on that cliff. You brought me back into this cursed life and you make me the happiest man in the world. You're my life, my lifeline. And if having this baby can only make you mine forever, then I want to raise this baby with you, and because I want this tiny life inside you. It's what you and I have created from our love. And I want you too, so bad" He uttered throatily, his cheeks wet with tears. I cried heavily under him. I was wrong. He loves me. And he wants this baby too. I looked fixedly at him and sniffled. He wiped away my tears. "Will you forgive me, Jake?" Emmett asked huskily. I nodded and wound my arms around him and pulled him down to kiss him. He kissed me back softly and hugged me tight to his chest. I sobbed again finally happy to be with my mate. And we lay down on the bed still coiled with one another as he wrapped his arms around me and I lay my head on his chest hearing the silent of his dead heart, watching the twilight on the horizon. / Mike POV "So... You're alright, dude?" Eric sat beside me on the bench at the field. "Dude, I don't want to talk about it." I grunted. In fact, I want to break something, smashed it into pieces. Fuck! My day was starting nice. I was excited to go to school because today I can go to school with Jacob again. Every time I thought about Jacob, my heart fluttered. He is the most beautiful person I've met in my life. I've never met anyone that is so simply breathtaking. I think I am starting to fall in love with him. This past week, I've had an incredible time with him. I do want to ask him out. I was planning to do so. I walked to my car. I chuckled as I recalled saying to Jacob yesterday that my car broke down. Actually, my car was fine. I just made up excuses to go to school with Jake. I opened my car and start the engine and then... What the hell? I can't start my car. I tried again but then I realised something's not right. Usually, when I can't start the engine it sounds like a power drill. But I was starting the car again, it didn't sound anything. Okay. This is so not funny. So I opened the hood and looked at it, and I was horrified. The whole wiring system in my car has been ripped out! What the fuck? How did this happen? I was clawing my hairs out. Somebody had done something to my car. I'm going to find the person who did this and skinned him alive! Fuck! It's going to cost me hundreds to fix it. I took a deep breath and calm myself. Now, I can't go to school with my car. That means I have to take a ride with Jacob today. Like really . Well, at least, something's good came out of this. I walked to Jacob's house which is thankfully, not far from mine. I saw that his truck was still there, good, I'm not late to catch a ride with him. I knocked on the door and waited. Jacob's dad, Billy opened the door. "Good morning, Mr. Black. I'm Mike. Jacob's bud. Is Jake here? My car broke down and I thought that maybe I could ride with him?" I said to Billy. "Oh, Mike. Jacob already left. His... boyfriend came just now and gave him a ride to school" Billy said. I gasped. What the...? Jacob has a boyfriend?! My face pales in front of Billy. But Jacob's single. I know he is. "Are you sure, Mr. Black?" I asked. Please... please tell me it's not true! "Yup, I'll tell him you came by today." "Th... th... thanks. Bb...Bye." I was aghast as I stammered. I turned away and walked slowly to the school while I was still appalled by the news. Jacob's has a boyfriend? But who ? I have to know. I need to know if it's true. I need to find out. So I walked faster to the school. When I arrived at the parking lot, everybody was whispering and gawking. I searched around the parking lot, if I can catch Jacob in that sea of students. And what I saw thunderstruck me to the core. I was so close to have my heart ripped out and throw it far away. / "Yeah, dude, I can only imagine how you felt. When I saw them together, I couldn't close my mouth for 10 minutes." Eric snorted beside me. I realised I've been telling Eric what had happened. I sighed. / My knees felt weak at the sight. I want to turn away and run but I couldn't move my feet. I was glued to the ground and forced to look at the couple. Emmett Fucking Cullen wrapping his hands around Jacob leaning casually in front of his Jeep while kissing Jacob's lips; his hand pulled Jacob closer, his eyes challengingly fixed at me. TBC Yeap. TBC for the next one shot. So guys, what do you think on this sequel? R&R :) A/N : Personally, I like Mike's character. He's not a jerk guy everyone thinks. And I like Emmett and Jacob in this. I almost cried writing them ;'(. But they will always have a happy ending. I'm sure of it.