I really wanted to smash his stupid handsome face in. Somehow over the course of the night and even long before today, when I had first met him at a gala, I had somehow begun to fall for him. I should have known that the saying ' honour amongst thieves' never applied to the real world and that I was bound to be betrayed. I should've remembered to hold onto my heart tighter. I was a fool. Well as some famous man once said. C'est la fucking vie. Even though it was painful to think of my life without Edward in it, that would have to suffice for now, I had to look after me, myself and I because obviously nobody else was going to do it. "Well? Say something baby…" He said as worry formed in his eyes and if I didn't know any better I would have assumed it was genuine concern over my reaction. I ignored him as I made my way over to my closet again and pulled out a small backpack. I shoved in some of my emergency cash, a spare shirt and my trusty OTF switchblade then pocketed my phone and keys all while Edward watched my every move. His brows furrowing deeper in confusion and caution. As I made my way over to the window I stared up at Edward blankly and held out my hand, he knew what I wanted and he knew that I would get it off him even if it meant using force. "Please Bella…you haven't let me expla-" He cut himself off as he saw me narrow my eyes. "Look, I understand what you must be thinking but I wasn't going anywhere with it," he pleaded. "I know it looks bad but please just trust me." I ignored his falsely sincere words and snatched the statue from his grasp and shoved it into my pack still not saying a word, I was too worried that if I opened my mouth the waterworks would start and I would not cry in front of him. Edward was about to speak again when we heard whispering voices getting nearer to where we were. Quickly rushing to the window I quietly cracked it open and climbed out onto the fire escape, Edward unfortunately following my lead as he shrugged on his leather jacket. After we were both out I shut the window again and we ducked down in time as two men entered my bedroom and continued their search. I panicked for a moment as I realised my small bedside light was on but the two men seemed not to notice as they tore through my draws and cupboards. Releasing the breath I didn't know I was holding I turned and slung my backpack onto one shoulder and rushed quietly down the stairs, sliding down the ladder and landing on the balls of my feet as I reached the alley. Sticking to the shadows I made sure there was nobody keeping watch for the two goons upstairs and then made my way over to my bike, my poor 1967 Pontiac GTO was probably feeling neglected what with my preference as of late. I was startled when I felt a hand on my arm and I realised that Edward was still following me, couldn't he take a hint after what he'd done, he should have the decency to scamper off like the little backstabbing thief he was. "Look Edward…thanks for tonight but I really think we should go our separate ways, not only will it make us harder to find but I honestly don't want to see your face right now." I said as I yanked my arm out of his hold. "No." He said stubbornly. "I'm not going anywhere and neither are you until we talk…we can either leave together or we can stay here in this alleyway and if you haven't noticed there's a couple of henchmen in your apartment." His scowl deepened with his next comment and I felt my eyes narrow in impatience. "You promised to hear me out so keep it." That really pissed me off. Turning to face him completely he looked at me cautiously as his instincts probably told him that he had said something wrong. "First of all asshole, I never promised anything…you just assumed that I agreed to hear whatever lame excuse you'd come up with and second…don't ever touch me again." I spat as I poked him in the chest with my fingers. Satisfied that I had made myself clear I turned on my heel ready to walk away when I was suddenly pushed into the brick wall next to me with Edward's hot body pressed up against mine. He had me pinned with not only his grip but his darkening green eyes which glared down at me in frustration. He made a few mistakes though, his first was underestimating my anger and his second was leaving my legs free and as much as I loved his junk I didn't right now so using minimal but sufficient force I kneed him in the groin and watched in satisfaction as he crumpled to the concrete of the alleyway clutching himself and groaning. "Fuck Bella! Shit! What the fuck was that for?" He grated out, obviously in pain, and a flash of regret ran through me before I shook it off and crouched near his head. "I told you not to touch me again." And then I was gone as I reached my bike, I slipped the backpack and helmet on and took off like a bat out of hell. I knew that as soon as Edward was able to stand he would be after me and I needed as much distance between us as possible. I had too much to think about without having him there clouding my judgement and worst of all my heart. *O* Hopefully i'll have the next chapter done by next Wednesday...Thanks for reading and have a safe week :D