of a little pain?" Paul and a giant and very sinister smile on his face that made me very angry for some reason. Walking a couple of steps toward me he kept on. "Come on Jake, you rather leave us, your family, to be someones bitch? Huh Jake? If you're so desprate to be bent over, let me help you with that." Licking his chopps like a fucken dog he walked a bit closer now with only about a foot inbetween us. His hot breath fanned to my face and it took everything in me to not step back. "Come on Jakey, what do you say? What me to show you, what I can offer." The scent of male was coming of him in waves the scent was smothering. My instincts were telling me that he wasn't our mate so he shouldn't be close at all. Now I can go with him being too close but the mate thing was pushed to the side. "Samaul, Paul. Am I correct you are not harrassing my charge?" Thank the heavens! Audrey came bounding down the steps with the twins and Leah on her heels. Walking close to me she ushered me behind her and the others, to the back, closer the house, the safest place to be in the pack. "You would be correct Audrey. We were not harraing your member we just came to tell him of the options that have just became avaible to him. That's all." Paul and Audrey stared at each other till Audrey took a step forward that was followed by Paul's retreat to Sam's side. "I would hope so, but you see that Jacob has made his choice. So thank you but no thanks. You are no longer needed here so next time you wish to speak to one of my charges come to me first." Sam nodded to her to show his understanding. Audrey turned around and faced us. "We need to pack up and leave. We have a l-" She was cut off by a loud snarling of an angry wolf. Turing and shifting Audrey was in wolf form just in time to be thrown to the side by an angry Paul. Snarling and snapping at each other the pair went at it. Get back now! Audrey Doing as told the four of us watched as Audrey kicked Paul's ass. The commotion of the fighting brought out the Cullens and Bella, they watched with us. Paul may have been bigger but he was controlled by rage while Audrey was thinking with a clear head. Finally after about five minutes Audrey was able to lock her jaws on his throat. Stopping air and growling loudly Paul stopped moving. Staying like that for a minute or two Audrey finally tossed a limp Paul towards Sam like a rag doll. Shifting back she stood in her full naked bloody glory(I see a patteren) glaring at Sam as if challenging him. "You would dare allow him to attack my pack?" Her voice was calm yet you could hear the restarined fury underneath. She stalked toward us the blood dripping down her face, to her neck. It made her look wild paired with her crazed hair. I unbuttoned my shirt and handed it to her when she was close enough. Taking it with a small smile she pulled it on and began on the buttons. Facing Sam she spoke again. "Leave Sam and next time there is something dire you wish to say come alone and speak with me first." With a tight lipped face Same grabbed a beaten human Paul and ran to the woods. Turning to face us Audrey's words were clipped and tight with anger. "We're are leaving. Prepare your things." Turning on her heel Audrey stalked to the SUV pulling open the drivers door, she quickly walked back to the pool of Paul's blood she put her hand in it, and she stood up with keys in her hand. Back at the car she revved the engine and turned the radio up. The bass bouncing the car she started going through the trunk. The music that was playing was some techno stuff and the words that were playing every now and again were moster how should I feel, and creature just lay there staring through the window. Turning to the Cullens and Bella, their faces where kinda blank. "Bye Bella." Short and sweet, walking with the others to the car, I was stopped by Bella's voice. "You can't just leave Jake! That's not fair you're my best friend." Looking back at Bella, I felt my heart break, there was my bestfriend begging me to stay here with her. GOD DAMMIT! I DON'T WANT TO LEAVE! I DON'T WANT TO BE USED AS A BABY MASCHINE! I want to stay with my dad, and the pack and find love with someone, not because of a stupid imprint and not becuase of mating. I just want to fine my own destiney. Heavy a sigh I gave Bella a large smile. "I'm sorry Bella, but you'll always be my best friend, no matter what. I'll come and visit when I can." Takeing a step back I started to enviosion my life after I left. The constant traveling then finding that 'special someone'. Then what always came next, the ceremony, then the wedding night. Having your v-ticket taken was something special, and I guess it would, maybe my 'husband' will be gentle, then the following day will be the beganing of my duties. Cleaning, cooking and being fucked by that man. How fun! Never having any choices, always being told what to do. Free will, a thing of the past. The only thing he could think of was what if he had kids? He only hoped that none of them where submissives only strong dominat alphas. Hopping into the front seat of the SUV I shut the door and waved to Bella and the Cullens while Audrey left quickly.