never noticed that Rach and Emily weren't hanging anymore, I never noticed that Em was becoming increasingly jealous, she hated to come down here because Sam and I were all over each other. He never told me she started calling him, but one day I heard him on the phone with her. I could hear her, crying to him when things with her boyfriend up in Makah didn't work out, sobbing about how she had no friends left because I was always with him. Blah blah blah. If I had been paying more attention to her instead of him I would have understood what was going on. He was just as attentive as ever, just as loving as ever, he was just, Sam." I tap the remnants of the bowl out, that little plug of burnt ash falling into the ash tray as she continues, "It doesn't really matter though, apparently Emily was telling him I was cheating, that I told her I cheated. Sam shouted that at me when I caught the two of them in bed together. On our anniversary. I was so fucking crushed." My eyes are wide now, I can't even help but ask, "Did you kick her sorry ass?" Leah laughs, "I wish. I just couldn't even comprehend it. I didn't bother to correct Sam's statement. I went to the cliffs. Paul found me there, and the rest as they say, is history." We both sigh a little. Paul Dixon, bad boy extraordinaire, and Leah's boyfriend of just about the last 3 years. The two of them were so in love it was ridiculous, but when they fought oh boy did they fight. According to Leah though the make up sex more than made up for the fighting, and they were one of the happiest couples I knew. The way she was talking about Sam though makes me ask, "Would you ever want him back?" She looks at me thoughtfully, "No. I don't blame Sam really, but I would never want him back. Paul drives me crazy, whether we're in bed, or we're fighting, he drives me crazy good and bad, and I wouldn't ever want to change that. Sam did me a favor. Paul and I, we're just, right." Looking back at her, I ask, "Would you be angry at me, if I told you I wanted him?" She laughs, "No. I really wouldn't. I don't think it'd even be weird. If I wasn't crazy in love with Paul then it probably would be weird. Paul though, I never told you this, but Paul beat the shit out of Sam about a month after Sam and I stopped seeing each other." I look at her incredulously, not that I can't picture Paul doing that. I totally can. Paul is the type of guy who when he likes you he'll do just about anything for you. He wasn't just Leah's boyfriend, he was my friend too, and his do anything for his friends attitude had come in handy for me a lot. Especially when Jake wouldn't take 'get lost' for an answer, and my own big brother hadn't wanted to get in the middle, but SCG has muscles on muscles for God's sake! Leah laughs at my expression, "I know what you're thinking, 'How did Paul beat him'." I nod, and she continues, "Personally, I think he hit him from behind, took him off guard. Paul says that my love gave him strength. I mean don't get me wrong, Paul's ripped, but…" I finish for her, "But SCG is beyond ripped!" Sighing, I sit back on the couch, Leah looks at me grinning, "SCG?" Laughing as I blush slightly, I reply with a sheepish grin, "Sexy Construction Guy." Leah throws back her head and laughs, the door opens and we both jump a little as Paul comes in the door, "What's so funny?" Leah shrugs, "You." Paul puts on a fake scowl, and pulls her to him, "Oh yeah?" He nuzzles her neck, lightly biting it, "Is that so? Am I funny Ms. Clearwater? Am I really?" He tickles her ribs, and she goes from smoldering, to screaming, "STOP! PAUL!" She laughs, swatting at him as he turns her loose, "Fine." He plops down on the couch, "What's really up, Bell?" Leah takes over, "We were talking about how you beat up Sam." Paul scowls, a real one this time, "Nothing that fucker didn't deserve." Leah rolls her eyes, "Now Pauly, is that any way to talk about the guy who got us together?" Pulling her down on his lap he moves his hands around her waist, "I guess not. So what brought up the illustrious Sam Uley?" Leah shrugs, "Bell here has the major hots for him. Apparently the Chief hired him to do some work on their place." Paul turns protective big brother on me, "He's too old for you!" Rolling my eyes, I snap, "I'm not a baby, Paul! I'm less than 3 months away from 18, and I think I'm old enough to make my own decisions about who I date!" Scowling at me a little, he retorts, "I think your dad would beg to differ. You haven't even graduated from high school yet!" Leah interjects, "Hey! Enough. Paul, lay off. I support Bella going for Sam. In fact. I think we should go out tonight. If I know Emily I'll bet she's dragging Sam to that movie where the girl is in love with the vampire." Paul puts his head in his hands, and moans, "Please don't make me go, please don't make me go, please don't make me go…." Leah laughs, "You can stay here big guy. Bell and I won't be out that late, we're just going to go and make a little scene and then come home." Paul sighs and sits back in relief, "Thank God." Leah pounces on him and I call "Later Paul!", over my shoulder as I head out to wait by the car.