going to believe this. "Not at first," Alice started, and Lisette, in a moment of panic at the idea that maybe this little pixie actually was telepathic, made a high-pitched screeching noise. The vampires soon discovered a downside to having super-hearing in the proximity of a Swan with ADHD, because all of them were covering their ears as Lisette had a breakdown. "Oh, oh, what's wrong—" Lisette stopped kinda-screaming and just. Dropped to the ground. And buried her head in her knees. "Oh, holy hell. This is crazy. This is insane. Do you guys realize that? That your entire existence is . . . really not sane? I mean—super-speed? Super-hearing? Telepathy?" "It isn't telepathy—" " It's close enough! What the fuck? You guys . . . are dead. Like, you really died . Isn't that—" "Yes," said Rosalie, terse, "It is." "And you're okay with that? " Rosalie didn't reply. Esme, the vamp-mom, said, "There's no choice for us, Lisette. We are what we are. It's up to us to make of it what we will, to preserve our . . . sanity however we will. Preserve our humanity. None of us chose to exist in this implausible half-life, but exist we do, and with the presence of a family . . . sometimes, it's even an existence without regrets." "—but you eat people. " Rosalie's boyfriend shrugged. "Only the annoying ones," and then made an exaggerated, " ow ," when Alice smacked him. "We're . . . vegetarians, I suppose you could call it," said Esme, still in that unnaturally musical tone. Lisette looked up at her. Esme's face was creased (or as much as an undead face could be creased) in an expression of sympathy. And hurt. As if this was an argument that pained her to make. "We only drink the blood from animals. We don't hurt humans. You're safe from us." Rosalie looked unhappy. Lisette couldn't blame her: she had just accused them of being serial killer monsters with meaningless existences. "I'm being a bitch, aren't I?" The words were out of her mouth without her permission. Esme's eyes sparkled. Lisette cringed, muttered an apology, and extended her hand out to Esme. The angle was uncomfortable since Lisette was still sulking on the ground, but Esme didn't mention it. Her hand was hard and cold. Her grip was impossibly gentle. "Let's start over. Hi, I'm Lisette Swan. I'm seventeen, I moved here from Phoenix with my twin sister to be closer with my dad, and I have this chronic disease called stupidity that makes it difficult for me to think before I speak. Nice to meet you?" "Not stupidity," Alice sung from the background, and was ignored by everyone except Lisette, who sent her an uncertain glance. Esme used her gentle grip to pull Lisette to her feet. "Esme Cullen. I'm older than I look, I travel a lot due to my job as an architect, and I am a vampire who is not interested in eating you. It's a pleasure to meet you." Lisette grinned. Esme's closed-lip smile widened to show her straight white teeth—Lisette wasn't even threatened by them, it was awesome. "Great. Now that that's over and done with," Emmett stomped forward, Rosalie falling in step beside him, and thrusted his hand in front of Lisette's face. Emmett's handshake was a lot less gentle than his mom's. She probably deserved that. "I'm Emmett, dunno if we've been introduced properly yet. You staying for dinner?" "Not sure if our ideas of 'dinner' are—" Emmett coughed and shook his head, "No, no, we're having a human dinner— not like that ," he hastened to correct at the way Lisette's eyes bulged, "—we aren't eating anyone! Jesus! We've already hunted, we're full, okay? Esme heard you were coming over and got a bit enthusiastic, is what I meant to say. She has this entire Italian dinner ready for you inside. You're hungry, right?" The five-dollar burger hadn't been enough to fill Lisette, so . . . Lisette hummed. "Wait. Alice? You said you could watch Bella, right? Is it—I don't mean to pimp you out or anything—but can you check and see if she's still watching Le fils de l'épicier ?" Alice's laugh was literally the sounds of bells ringing and bluebirds chirping. "It's okay. She's still watching it. She has a bowl of extra-buttery popcorn in her lap. She's quite happy and warm where she is." That traitor. "Then yes," she said, turning to Emmett, and then to Esme, who was watching her with a concerning amount of maternal affection, "I'll stay for dinner. If that's okay with everyone?" Rosalie made a very deliberate noise of disapproval. Emmett grinned and patted her on the back, forcing Lisette's bones to rearrange themselves to avoid being crushed. Right. Got it. She was still on thin ice for her last comment. Esme and Alice, though—they look overjoyed at Lisette's words. Jasper, predictably, continued his impression of a log and didn't make a single movement. Lisette decided to just . . . leave him be. "That would be wonderful," Esme lead her into the house, where Lisette could smell a feast. Oh, man. She wasn't that hungry. "I hope you like agnolotti with roasted pumpkin?" Lisette shrugged. "I'll eat anything once." At that, the vampires-that-didn't-hate-her laughed like she'd said something terribly funny. Confused, Lisette laughed with them, and tried vigilantly to banish any lingering thoughts of, holy crap they're leading me into their dungeon to kill me . Because that was rude and untrue and rude ; Lisette had been raised better than those thoughts. ( . . . still. She messaged Bella anyway. 'At the Cullen's house (I know, right?) I'll b back 6. If I'm not, make sure my coffin is pink. Love you. x.' ) Couldn't be too safe, right? . ... {. . . throw roses into the abyss and say: 'here is my thanks to the monster who didn't succeed in swallowing me alive.'}