or something, there was never anymore that just ones of the little girl. Charlie is like a dad to me, more so than my own sperm donor, he helped me through things that the sperm donor didn't have the decency to do, and he was there for me even when my mom and the pack weren't. Charlie would take me out and do things with me when my dad was on a bender when I was little. He could never actually do anything with fear of exposing himself and having the sperm donor do something to me, but he would take me from the house and we would go fishing or something till my deadbeat came looking for me, saying that he was better. As I stepped in the back door of the house my nose was attacked by the delicious aroma of fried fish, "Damn Chief I didn't know you could cook fish that smelt this good," I joke, my eyes on the hallway to the kitchen. I knew this house like the back of my hand and could hear another heartbeat within the walls. I guess that could be the famous daughter of the Chiefs. "It's not me, it's Bella," he bragged from his recliner beside me. I looked over at him to see him smiling with pride in his eyes. This Bella must be some woman to get him to look like that, the only other time I see that look on his face is when he is looking at Sue. Charlie imprinting on Sue when they were younger but her parents had already made the decision that she would marry Harry. They didn't know about the imprinting process and didn't understand why Charlie, a pale face, was so interested in their daughter. When Charlie found out about the decision he backed off and let Sue live her life with Harry but when he passed he stepped back and became someone that Sue needed and their relationship has just evolved from there. "Who is that?" was my reply. I could take a guess because Bella sounded short for Isabella but I wanted to be sure before making an assumption. "Bella, my daughter, you probably know her as Isabella." "Yup, that would be what I know her as. Where's everyone else?" I question turning to face him after noticing that no one else was here. Suppers with the pack was usually a loud and rowdy event and often ended with something broken, usually furniture. We often got in shit because we seem to only break things at the Swan residence but we just all pitch in and make Charlie something new to replace the broken with. Charlie has also complained about the amount of us coming over and stealing food but he understands because he knows what it's like to have a fast acting metabolism. "You're the first to arrive actually," he said while laughing. Usually, I am the last to arrive at supper events but apparently not this time. "Dad, who are you talking to!?" The most feminine sounding voice I have ever heard came from the direction of the kitchen. I turned to Charlie with wide eyes and slack mouth, trying to convey that his daughter had to be beautiful with the way her voice sounded. All I got in return was him answering his daughter's question. "Paul. He's one of the boys I told you about." Charlie responded with a cheesy grin shot at me. Whoa, wait did he just call me a boy? I was no boy I was a grown man. I released a small growl that was quite enough that nobody else but Charlie could hear. All I got back was a shit eating grin as he stood up. Of course, that wouldn't affect him, the devious old man. "Oh. Well, supper is just about ready. When are the rest coming?" She asked while coming around the corner. Her height had to be around 5'3" but she could work it, maybe if she does change, she will gain a couple more inches and be closer to Charlie's six feet. Actually, they look a lot alike only she has nice curves. Now I know what Charlie would look like he had been a girl, great so not an image I needed in my head at the moment, I saw him as a father figure, not someone I was to hold tightly and say sweet nothings to. With the amount that they look alike they could probably pass as twins even though Charlie has a bit of an older looking face, but the wolf genes in him keep looking younger as well. Hair and eye color the same shades of brown, though her hair had tinge of red highlights in it. She did have some qualities about her that must be from her mothers, such as the freckles on her face and the softer look about her, maybe even her highlights came from her. A person would be able to tell she does a lot of running from the structure of her legs. They were well defined and easy to see from the type of shorts that she was wearing, and her top was a loose fitting top that swayed freely around her when she shifted around. On her feet, she was wearing a pair of soft look ankle socks with flowers all over them. I made eye contact with her pools of chocolate brown and it was like nothing mattered to me but her anymore. All that mattered to me was that she was happy at all times and that nothing was ever going to hurt her no matter what I did to protect her. I was officially owned by this beautiful creature. Shit, I just imprinted, I thought with wide eyes. That was something I was honestly hoping wouldn't ever happen to me. At least I wasn't attached to someone that would end up like Leah. Crap what do I do now?