the head. "Just an umbrella." The two walked side-by-side toward the main buildings. "What are you doing here? Not that I'm not glad to see you, but…. Oh, God. Nothing's wrong with Emmett is there? I know they send …" "Bella." She continued to ramble louder and faster about best friends and flags and Rosalie and Bethie before Edward halted. "Bella! Stop talking!" he ordered. She froze, eyes wide. He had never used his officer voice on her, and part of her was startled while another was oddly aroused at the sound. He softened his tone and turned to face her even though she couldn't see him clearly in the darkness. "Emmett's fine. I promise you. We volunteered for a mission, and upon its completion, we earned leave through the holidays. It was a surprise." "A mission? Was it dangerous? Did anyone get hurt?" "The only injury was Hunter, who fell out of the truck when we got back to base. He has a twisted ankle and will be out of commission for about a week." "Oh, thank God!" James Hunter's klutziness was often an excuse he used to write her. "I dropped Emmett at their house, and I'm staying in the guest house. We didn't think it would be a good idea for Bethie to see me, and I certainly didn't want to stay there while they were…" Bella nodded. She had roomed with Rosalie during college and knew how loud she was. Then the realization struck that she was without a place to stay for the night. Most of her stuff was at Emmett and Rosalie's. "Rosalie apologized if this put you in a bind," Edward said quietly. "Oh, I can go stay with…" "You can bunk with me. I mean." Edward cleared his throat, and Bella was certain if there was more light, she would see the tips of his ears turning red. "There's a sofa bed I can sleep on. You can have the bed." "I can't…" "I'd love to catch up with you. Hear what's going on. E-mail's great, Bella, but I've really missed your voice." Now it was her turn to blush. "I'd like that." In comfortable silence, the two skirted the corn maze on their way to the guest house. The rain picked up, and without thinking, Edward pulled Bella closer to him. She did not mind one bit and slid one arm around his waist to nestle up against him. He was warm and cozy, and she thought she fit perfectly up against him. "I missed this," Edward murmured softly close to her ear. Bella's mind flew through countless possibilities of what he meant. The weather? The season? Going for walks in the dark without worrying about getting shot? Edward guided her toward the guest house before unlocking it but not opening the door. "Missed what?" she finally whispered, looking up at him. "My favorite time of the year at one of my favorite places in the world…with one of my favorite people." Bella smiled, thinking that she agreed wholeheartedly. "I've realized something." "What?" "That time is too short. That it can end in the blink of an eye." She nodded, thinking sadly of all the horrible, terrible, no-so-very-good things he must have witnessed during his career. He took her hands in his and held them gently, making sure she was watching him as he spoke. "And I don't want to let the best thing ever to enter my life go another moment without knowing how much I care for her." Edward paused, watching her face intently. Bella suddenly realized what he had been saying. "And the only thing to make tonight more perfect would be…" His voice trailed off, and he pulled her closer with one hand while the other gently cupped her cheek. "Would be?" She swallowed hard. "A welcome home kiss. From my girlfriend." OH! Bella's eyes flew open in surprise, and she suppressed the squeak that threatened to erupt from her lips. She had kissed him on the cheek both in greeting and in farewell before, but something about how he said it this time meant more. Then his last sentence registered. Was he asking? Did she want to take that step? It took milliseconds to decide, and Bella found herself nodding. Smiling, Edward leaned down and kissed her softly, giving her every opportunity to turn away or pull back. She did neither. Rather, Bella stood up on her tiptoes to get closer, bringing her arms up to wrap around his neck. The kiss was everything she had hoped for, and when she finally pulled back, it was way too soon to her liking. "Well, Edward Masen, I need to ask you one very important question before we go any further," she murmured in a soft voice. "And what is that Bella Swan?" his voice matching the humor reflected in his eyes. "What is your perfect way to spend a rainy fall evening?" "Curled up with my girlfriend in front of a fire doing whatever she wants to do." "Good answer. Very good answer." Bella opened the door to the guest house and pulled a willing Edward inside before closing and locking it to prevent any interruptions as she welcomed home her soldier. So...this was my entry for the Falling into Autumn contest, where I won 3rd place in the Judges' Choice category! *giddy clappy hands* Right now, I don't know if I will continue it, so I'll leave it in progress. Special thanks to the contest admins for such a fun event. You gave my daughters a chance to play guess-which-one-mama-wrote. DD1 guessed & DD2 agreed. Unfortunately, it was in public, and I was certain an admin was going to swoop out of nowhere and void my entry. Yeah, I'm paranoid. Huge kudos and virtual cookies to Fran for beta-ing. She puts up with my persistent ending sentences with prepositions...kinda... Thank you so much for reading. I am extremely grateful for each and every one of you.