Swan. You are?" "My name is Michael Davis. I represent my client, Culprit. I just wanted to relay the message that he is ready when you are. I'll speak for a few minutes and so will Mayor Alvarez, then we'll introduce you to say a few words, before we unveil the final piece. Is that satisfactory?" "Yes, that's perfect." Alice responded. Mr. Davis nodded silently and made his way to the podium, asking everyone to gather around and come to attention." After polite remarks and a very excited Mayor speaking of what this Center represented for the community, I was summoned to speak. I walked to the podium, heart in my throat, looking at all the expectant faces. And I went for it. "Thank you Mayor Alvarez. And thank you Mr. Davis, and most of all, thank you all of you for your continued support and excitement about what we do here. When I was contacted by Mr. Davis, I had no idea the impact something like this would have on me, much less the entire city. Having Culprit lend his artistic vision to our little haven has been such an adventure, and we're about to unwrap this piece of artistic expression like a gift. Because that's what it is. A gift to all of you, and according to Culprit himself, a gift to me—thought I have no idea what I've done to deserve his attention." Bella chuckled nervously as the crowd murmured and chuckled along with her. "Well, without further ado, let's unveil this thing, shall we?" Bella raised her voice, asking people to count down with her. She turned around to face the wall and things happened in slow motion from there. "Three!" Alice squeezed Bella's shoulders and hopped in place. "Two!" Two people placed themselves on either side of wall, holding on their respective corners of the curtain. "One!" The curtain fell and Bella heard the collective gasps as the world fell away and her eyes feasted on the images before her. Her face. Her face in full, profiled view—lying down on the concrete bed of the sidewalk—with eyes closed and colorful hair whipping around. Above the face—as if images of her dream—scenes of children walking hand-in-hand with the taller, more adult leaders. To the side, the same lone figure that graces every other piece. This time, he's standing at an easel painting. The anatomical heart is also there, pumping colorful paint into the surrounding areas. But it's the line of words that contours her profile from the neck down that brought tears to her eyes. vous êtes mon cœur et l'âme You are my heart and soul. To the outside world, it was a declaration and promise to her community. But Bella knew better. Edward had once spoken this to her in college, when he swore one day they'd live as real artists in Paris. That was also the day he first said he loved her. There was a hushed silence among the crowd and Bella could feel his heat behind her. She closed her eyes and smiled in relief, just knowing who she would find. "Bella." She absorbed his voice like air. "Bella. Please. Turn around." His voice was tentative and pained. She breathed, and turned, still with eyes closed. This was a moment she would never forget. "Look at me." Bella slowly opened her eyes and took a glimpse of the beautiful boy she loved. The gorgeous man he'd become. And the artist the world knew as Culprit. "Edward." A statement. Not a question. "You knew last night, didn't you? When you ran away from me." "I wasn't sure. I didn't know what to believe." "But then?" "I saw your work. I saw it a second time with new eyes. My heart knew, even though my mind refused to accept it." Edward's face was a ballad of concern, sadness, hopefulness, and searching. Of pleading. "I won't force you. If you send me away, I'll go. I just wanted to give you something… something of myself to you—the way you gave of yourself to me so many times. How you loved me, Bella. You loved with your whole heart. You are… still… my heart and soul. My muse. My existence. My—" "Edward?" "Yeah?" "Shut up and kiss me." Edward's face broke out in a smile so bright it could illuminate the darkness. He stepped closer, pulling Bella by the waist to him, and kissed her. It was the kiss to end every other kiss. His warm scent of clean and cinnamon, his soft lips pliant and purposeful at once, and his tongue, caressing hers with equal parts love and hunger—it all served to awaken the need she had of him. Her hands reached to frame his cheeks, pulling him forward, more deeply into her. She was possessed. They were aflame. They could've been there for seconds or for minutes, or hours. She didn't know or care. She was aware they were in front of an audience, but she was so engulfed in Edward, she really couldn't give a shit. She loved him. Fully. It had never stopped. She knew that now. As the kiss slowed, Edward pulled away an inch, just to see her, to take stock of her emotions. Mr. Davis used the chance to tap his client on the shoulder, clearing his throat apologetically. "Sir. I'm sorry, but they're asking you questions. Maybe you should answer a few?" Edward turned his head towards Mr. Davis and smiled. "Sure. What's the question?" He said louder, towards the rushing journalists. "Sir. Who are you?" It's the question that rang above all others. Edward took a moment to look at the crowd, then at Bella—his hand reaching to trace the lines of Bella's cheek and temple—before turning back to the crowd. "My name is Edward Cullen. I'm Culprit. And I'm in love with Bella Swan." —The End— A/N: This was so much fun to write! Thank you to all who donated to this very important cause.