he's pushed up his sleeves to his forearms. My eyes linger on the tattoos: they extend from his wrists and disappear under his sleeves. Dear God. When I finally get a good look at his face, his expression makes me want to do bad things to him right here, in this park... in front of all these people. He's grinning mischievously, and I'm sure it's obvious I was checking him out. "H..hi, hello, Mr. Cullen. How are you?" Good. I didn't sound like a moron... at all. "Miss Swan." He bows his head just a little in greeting. "Please, do you think we can drop the Mr. Cullen thing, at least out of the office?" he says as he silently commands his dog to sit by his side. She's adorable. "Uh, okay, sir." He rolls his eyes, and yeah, even that is kinda hot. It makes him... human, I guess. "Just Edward. No sirs either, alright? May I?" He gestures to a spot on the ground next to me, and I am freaking the hell out right now. I gesture to the spot as casually as I can. Hopefully he can't tell how the butterflies in my stomach have morphed into friggin' emperor penguins jumping on trampolines. When he sits, his dog does the same at our feet. I figure talking about the dog's a safe topic. "She's cute. What's her name?" "Leah. She's a year old, I've had her since she was a puppy." "She follows commands well." "Yeah, that took a while." He laughs, and the sounds of his voice is ridiculously sexy. "I got her from the pound when she was just a puppy. She was the runt and all her other siblings had been adopted." As if he couldn't be hotter. He has a shelter dog. "What are you drawing there?" He leans a little toward me, trying to peak at my sketchbook. The action is weird to me, since he's been kind of an ass at work. Having him so close to me is scrambling my brain, making it difficult to form words. "Uh, um... this is just, nothing special. Just sketches I do for... stuff..." I trail off as my eyes find his ink-covered forearm. "They look like tattoo designs," he says. "Um, yeah, they kinda are. That's what I do… or want do, I guess," I reply, subtly trying to cover and close my book. His hand suddenly covers mine, halting all movement and rendering me paralyzed. "Can I take a look? You don't have to hide them, you know. As you can see, I'm not particularly averse to tattoos." It's the look in his eyes and the little grin on his lips when he says that which makes me weak in the knees. He's there, holding me captive with his stare. He gently pries the book from my hands and starts to thumb through the pages, stopping on several pages with nods and occasional mm-hmm's. "These are really, really good. You have a way with lines and shading. Why aren't you working in a studio?" he asks, placing the book down between us. "I kind of do, actually. It's just an apprenticeship though on weekends." "Why not full time?" "Uh, because..." Why am I telling him any of this? More importantly, why does he want to know so badly? He looks genuinely interested in what I have to say. It's so different from work. "Because?" he prompts after I take too long to answer. Well, here goes. "I want to open my own studio someday, and working a stable nine-to-five allows me to save a little every paycheck. I'm patient. I'll get there." He regards me once more as if trying to decode me. It's a bit unnerving, especially since he's so friggin' good looking. "I have no doubt you will, Miss Swan." "Bella," I blurt out before I think about it. Then he smiles. And I smile. "Call me Bella, please. Like you said, we're not at work." "No. We're definitely not." His voice drops a bit when he says this, and there go the penguins again. This could be potentially dangerous. I've heard all kinds of things and read romance novels and fan fiction about personal assistants and their bosses. As much as I wouldn't mind if he kissed me right now- or other things- it would compromise our professional relationship. That's assuming he wants to kiss me. It feels like he might want to, but then again, I might just be a lusty mess and imagining things. I cough nervously and finally look away, breaking whatever moment just happened between us. "I should probably be going. I have to, uh, so do something... yeah." Brilliant, Bella. Just brilliant, spazoid. I get up, brushing the leaves off the butt of my jeans and looking down. Is he . . . Did he just check out my ass? It happened so fast I can't tell. He's already standing and gathering Leah's leash, so I guess I am once again seeing things. "I understand. This was... nice. It was nice talking with you, Bella." Oh my God, my name from his lips... "I'll see you tomorrow, bright and early," he declares, a little bit of his boss voice coming back. "Yes, sir... I mean, yes, Edward." Why is saying his name making me think of other activities where I'd say his name, repeatedly? "Great. Goodbye, Bella." "Yeah. See you tomorrow." This has to be the single strangest afternoon I've ever had. Something passed between us today. And after all that... how do I act tomorrow? How will he behave? Will he ignore me again? Will he acknowledge today actually happened? Or was he just humoring me? Can I still see things as professionally personal? Once I'm home, I throw everything down on the dinner table and grab my cell. "Hey, Rose? You got a minute? I need help. My boss... I saw him today." . . . A/N: Thanks for reading. Thoughts?