pulls back to look at me. "I'm sorry I left, Eddie. I should have talked to you instead of letting my temper take over. I swear I'm not seeing Peter, I would never cheat on you!" The shame that washes over me at his words is enough to drop me to my knees. I can hear the sincerity in his voice, and I realize that I never gave him the chance to deny it last night. Even worse, I put Peter in protection mode when I grabbed Jasper so roughly, something I know I should have never done. "Oh, love, I'm sorry too! I've been so uptight lately and I thought you were pulling away from me. I saw you with him, and I guess I misinterpreted things." I looked up into his teary blue eyes and pulled his hands to my lips, "I am so sorry I put my hands on you in anger. Please tell me I didn't hurt you, I could never live with myself if I did." He hauls me up and flexes his bicep with that gorgeous dimpled smile, "You think your skinny ass can hurt me, baby? Please. I know you didn't mean it. Now, come here. We need to talk." I choke down my apprehension at his words. He's not leaving me, we just need to talk. That's all. We sit side by side on the bed, holding hands with our knees touching as we turn to face each other. Jasper's eyes are serious as he watches me, searching for something. He takes a deep breath and squeezes my fingers with his larger, rougher ones. "Eddie, I'm sorry if you feel that I've been distant lately. The truth is, I had a project I was working on, and I guess I let it consume my thoughts more than usual. "I know you haven't said anything lately, but you were so excited when the marriage law was passed back in December. I was planning to wait for our anniversary, but I'm afraid I almost waited too long." My heart is in my throat and I couldn't have spoken if he begged me to. I watch like I'm in a dream as he reaches into his pocket and pulls out a simple black ring box. He smiles softly as he catches my eye, and nods once. "Edward, you are the love of my life. You are the missing piece to my soul; you complete me. As our song says, 'I need your love.' Eddie, I love you with all my heart, will you make me the happiest man on earth and agree to marry me?" My eyes fall to the ring box in his hand, and I instantly recognize Peter's work. This is what Jasper has been working on? What Peter was whispering about? God, I really am the world's biggest ass. I can barely see through my tears, but I try to smile and nod, as I still can't get words past the lump in my throat. Jasper is all bright eyes and teeth as he grins and pulls me in for a teary, snotty kiss. My emotions are overloaded, and I can't believe how close I came to driving him away over a stupid misunderstanding. I swear now that I will never let anyone or anything else come between us, and I will talk to him whenever I'm unsure. We cling to each other for several minutes, just soaking up the lost time. I have no intention of letting him out of my sight anytime in the near future. He finally pulls back just far enough to pull out the rings and show me his design. The platinum bands are wide, but not bulky. Each band is identical, but I can clearly see which ring is mine. His fingers are thicker than mine, and he loves that my ring size is so much smaller than his. It's the only thing smaller about me though... Jasper tells me how he drew the designs himself, and commissioned Peter to make the rings. Each band is engraved with a subtle chain pattern, interspersed with music notes. I see his concept instantly- it's our song. "Unchained Melody?" I smirk, remembering the day he walked into my life. Slipping the rings on, he pushes me back on the bed and covers my body with his slightly larger one, and I relish the feel of his weight pressing me down. "From unchained melody to a ball and chain. We've come a long way, baby," he leans down to kiss my lips, and it's so much better than my fantasy from earlier. He takes his time undressing us, worshipping my body as he works his way down. I grin sheepishly when he realizes I'm wearing his shirt, but he just smiles and shakes his head. His hands trace every square inch of my body, memorizing each dip and plane until I'm writhing beneath him, begging. "Please, Jasper! Now! Fuck me now!" When he doesn't move, I open my eyes to see him looking down at me tenderly. "I'm not gonna fuck you, Eddie. I'm gonna make love to my fiancé." He is exquisitely gentle as he prepares me, and I can't hold back a tear when we are finally joined as one. He holds me tightly as he moves inside me, groaning my name as we climax together. "I'll never let you go, Jas. Never again. I love you," I whisper, pressing kisses against his neck. He raises up enough to look at my face and smiles, "I won't leave ya, Eddie. If I do, just remember our song- 'I'll be coming home, wait for me.'" A/N: I do not own "Unchained Melody" lyrics by Hy Zaret music by Alex North Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by submitting a review. If you do happen to know an authors identity, please do not hint to this in your review as this can compromise anonymity and lead to disqualification.