business up there. Are you going to stay there and run it?" And there it is. "Yes, he did. I know what you're after, Angela, so let's just cut this short. I don't know if I'm going to keep it or sell it. Yes, there was an inheritance and, no, I'm not going to tell you how much. And no, I'm not sharing it with you, or spending it on you, so don't think about coming up here. You ended our relationship because I was too poor for you, remember? Goodbye, Angela." With that, Edward hangs up his phone, gets behind the wheel and pulls away from the curb. He looks at the blue folder sitting on the seat beside him and inwardly admits he's curious about what's inside it. He doesn't consider himself a businessman and had only toyed with the idea of opening his own garage, but if there's strip malls, hotels and shit in there, he might have to sell those. As soon as he pulls his mother's car into the garage, he grabs the folder and enters the house. Taking a cold beer from the refrigerator, he heads for the living room, spreading the papers on the coffee table. He lifts the bottle to his lips but stops midway when he sees that there are two office buildings in San Francisco, three rental properties in Mendocino, stock options and the deed to the house. According the documents, there's a property management firm that handles the properties and an investment firm for the financial end. "Whoa, dad. You didn't fuck around, did you?" Edward says after he lets go of a low whistle. Sitting back, he takes his beer with him and mentally reviews everything Andrews said today, along with everything in the file. He no longer has to live from paycheck to paycheck. Although this new-found financial freedom feels really good, it came at too high a price. He'd rather have his parents here with him more than anything. ~.~ Edward wakes before the sun comes up. He didn't sleep well knowing this is going to be the roughest day of his life. He's burying his mother and father today. He's grateful that he has the help of Mrs. Cope, his mother's best friend. She's been a godsend in that she has pretty much taken care of everything. After the funeral, everyone is invited to his house for the wake and it seems most of the town stops by to give their condolences. That, and to bring food for him to put in the freezer, so he won't have to cook for the next five years. Although he's grateful for their consideration, he really just wants to be alone. While speaking to a couple of his father's clients, Edward looks up and spies a head of long brown hair. He keeps his eyes glued on her until she turns around, and when she does, their eyes lock again, just like the night at the pub. Not wanting to be rude, he looks back at the two gentlemen telling a memorable story about his father and smiles at them. He then looks back to the brunette, but she's gone. He scans the room for her to no avail. Unfortunately, he has to return his attention to his father's friends. "Mr. Cullen," a sweet voice says behind him. He turns to the sound of it. "I just wanted to give my condolences. I didn't really know your parents, other than seeing them around town, but I'm sorry for your loss," the brunette says. "Edward, come over here and meet your mother's classmates," a woman says, taking him away by the arm … and away from the brunette. When he turns to speak to her, she's gone. ~.~ Mrs. Cope is the only person remaining now, helping clean up the dishes. "Mrs. Cope, is it wrong of me to say that I'm glad that it's over?" he asks, taking the garbage can around the room, collecting paper cups and tossing them in. "Oh, no, Edward. Everyone feels that way. I'm sure you just want to be alone, so you can start the grieving process. It's been a whirlwind for you these past few days. Now you can start living again." "I guess," he says absentmindedly. "Do you know what you're going to do? Are you going to stay here or go back to Los Angeles?" she asks, curiously. "I really do hope you stay. I know your father would want you to keep the business going and take care of this house. Your mother loved this house, you know?" "Yeah, I know," he says, looking around the rooms. "Dad had it built for her. He gave her anything she wanted." "I know. He loved her so much. I'm glad they're together," she says to herself. "I know that doesn't make you feel any better, but I am." "I don't know if one would ever be the same without the other," Edward says, continuing to toss trash in the can. "I'm going to meet with Jasper this week to talk to him about the business. I don't know what I'm going to do yet. There's not a huge market here for motorcycle repair." Edward has always liked it here, but he enjoys what he does, and he needs to be realistic. "Well, you could always do boat engine repair. I know there's a need for that here. All I hear are complaints from boat owners that there's not a good mechanic in town, and they have to haul their boats out of town to get decent help," Mrs. Cope volunteers. Edward stops and looks at her, thinking that's not a half-bad idea. He could do that as well as bike repair. "I'll think about it," he says. He has some serious thinking to do about a lot of things. Finally alone, he sits in the quiet and mulls over Mrs. Cope's idea … and the brunette with the sweet voice.