before. "Good morning," Bella greets the pair. "Coffee?" "Oh, yes," Alice says sounding desperate for a cup. "Jasper?" "Love a cup, thanks," he replies. "Um, Bella, this is Jasper Whitlock … Jasper, this is my best friend and boss, Bella Swan." The two smile at each other and shake hands. "Nice to meet you, Jasper. I've made an omelet for lunch if you two want some. It's on the stove, help yourself. Alice, I'm heading over to my place to wait for my delivery and unpack some boxes. I'll see you later. Nice to meet you Jasper." "You too, Bella," he responds with a smile. Just as Bella is ready to leave, she sees Jasper holding Alice. Just holding her against him, swaying her back and forth. Somewhat envious, Bella shakes the thought from her head. She knows she doesn't have time for that. She needs to focus on getting the gallery open by deadline … a deadline that is tight already. She doesn't need to add a man into the mix. As soon as Bella shuts the door, Jasper pulls Alice back from him and asks, "She doesn't live here with you?" "No, only temporarily. This could possibly be her last day. Her furniture is due to arrive this afternoon, so once it's delivered, she'll be moving into her own place. It's been fun having her around, though. She's an easy person to live with," Alice replies, raising to kiss his lips. "So, I guess I better be going. I'm meeting my best friend today to watch the game. I sure hate to leave you after having just found you," he says sweetly into her ear. "Yeah, I know what you mean. You have my number, maybe you can call me later?" she asks, hopeful. "Alice, you will not be getting away from me that easily," he says, kissing her sweetly just as he begins to move out the door. "I'll call you tonight." She smiles at him as he keeps eye contact with her while he slowly shuts the door behind him. As soon as she hears the click, she squeals with excitement over finding the man of her dreams, literally jumping in the air. Jasper Whitlock holds his ear to the door and when he hears her excitement, he fist pumps the air, knowing he has found the girl of his dreams. ~.~ After Bella's furniture is delivered, and she has it placed just the way she wants it, she sits back on her kid leather soft couch and admires her handy work. Knowing New York is her final destination, she makes this condo her permanent home and not a temporary place with rented furniture. Soon she'll be planning a cocktail party to promote her new gallery. " It's a perfect place to host parties ," she thinks to herself. After calling Alice to let her know that she won't be back to the apartment because she's sleeping at her own place, she takes a long hot bath in her beautiful marble tub. An hour later, she's tucked in her plush bed, falling into a much needed deep sleep. Morning comes too soon for her, and after it seems she's just fallen to sleep, she hears the melodic chime of her alarm. Bella, who always wakes in a good mood, jumps out of bed, selects a simple outfit of black slacks, a neutral colored tunic that ties at the side at the waist and a thigh-length matching black jacket. Selecting the accessories to match, she heads out the door. Before she knows it, she's rushing toward the crowded subway taking her to Midtown Manhattan. She grumbles at herself because by the time the train makes it to her stop, there's never a place for her to sit, so she makes it a point to take her place in the corner of the car, always away from the other passengers. It seems safer that way. But this morning is different. Once she takes her preferred spot, someone encroaches her space to stand directly behind her. She doesn't look back because she doesn't want to know. Taking her iPhone from her bag, she begins to peruse her already full email. Tapping out quick replies, she feels the man behind her bump against her from the jerky movements of the train. Somewhat offended, she steps forward and away from him, but he only secures more space behind her. As the train picks up more passengers, Bella and the stranger become even better acquainted. She silently wishes for the train to hurry to her stop, but she knows she has another ten minutes. Trying to focus on her email again, she smells the masculine scent of the man's cologne behind her and curses herself when she involuntarily takes a deep inhaling breath, miffed at herself for enjoying it. Just as the train comes to the last stop before hers, the stranger presses himself into her bottom, allowing her to feel him. Her eyes go wide with shock and she wonders if she should turn and smack him, or ignore it and writing it off as an accident since the train is crowded and he probably didn't mean to. Refusing to look back to acknowledge him, she's determined that once the train stops she will get quickly off not giving him the satisfaction that she even felt anything. That was short lived because once the train did stop, he lowers his lips to her ear, let out a low growl and gently rubbed his hard cock against her again. He smirks when he hears her gasp at his contact with her ass, and he develops a new found respect for her when she allows herself to get lost in the rush of the passengers, leaving the train and never turning around. Edward leaves the train humming his new favorite song … Ooh, yeah you and me baby we'll be fuckin' like gorillas Ooh, yeah You and me baby making love like gorillas