out on something, wondering what this is all about. "Do you remember Alice?" she asks all of a sudden and I nod. Of course I remember the little pixie she used to go shopping with all the time but I don't understand why she would bring this up now. Still feeling out of the loop somehow; I keep my mouth shut and decide to just listen. My Bella seems to have a hard time speaking her mind, so I grab her hand and squeeze it lightly to encourage her although my stomach is in knots. "She… she kissed me…" Bella whispers and I just stare at her, trying to wrap my mind around what she is saying. "A few months ago… it was late and I had brought her home and when I said good bye… Alice kissed me and I… kissed her back…" Okay, now we're talking! "It felt… strange… but in a good way… and I… I wanted more at the time, but… I told her, I was happily married and she… said she was sorry but she'd wanted to do that for months." Bella's eyes meet mine and I think I know what her one condition will be. "You still want her?" I ask wearily, trying to keep my emotions at bay. I was the one who cheated on her while she did practically nothing. A single kiss and then she stopped whatever it was that Alice might've seen in her eyes in a fleeting moment. "Yes," my wife whispers and I let out a gush of air I've been holding in for too long. Bella wants someone else. She wants Alice. Maybe in the same way I wanted Jasper… or maybe not… "Do you love her?" I want to know, but Bella just shrugs. "I think not… but I like her and… I've always been curious…" she finally admits and I wonder how many secrets we might have from each other, things we never told each other on purpose, or simply kept to ourselves. Nothing seems certain anymore and although I know I love her, I'm not sure I can do this. Hypocrite! I slept with Jasper, fucked him all night long, just as I let him fuck me but I'm denying Bella her one fantasy that I can't fulfill? That doesn't sound fair! Not even in my own jealous head. "Can I… I need a moment alone, okay?" I ask and as soon as Bella agrees, I step out of this room, walk down the stairs and find myself in our backyard, smoking. Every single drag of my cigarette reminds me of him, of Jasper… and how I first met him. I remember his cocky grin, his hungry eyes that ate me alive during our conference and I remember his strong arms that held me close to him in that elevator… If I'd meet him again… by chance… would I be able to resist? The answer is simple… way too easy. No! No, I wouldn't be able to let him go. I'd want him again and I know this time I'd ask for his number. Hell, I would do it all again, just the way it was, even if I cheated on my lovely Bella because Jasper is… He's just Jasper and I'd always want him! Badly. And Bella wants Alice… for now… My head is reeling, thoughts swirling around, ideas popping up and I groan in frustration. Why is this so hard? I want Bella to be happy but I almost destroyed our marriage because I couldn't keep my dick in my pants the one time I was more than tempted… And now she is here, offering me a second chance that's based on some kind of truce, a treaty, a contract of sorts that allows us freedom in a way we both never needed before. And it's still my fault! I was the one who did the first step into that direction and it cannot be undone, neither would I want this one extraordinary experience with Jasper to be erased from my memory. I should give Bella the same chance to discover a completely different part of her sexuality that I can never be part of. I slowly make my way back to our bedroom, where Bella still sits on the bed, waiting for me and my decision. "I want to give you everything, because you deserve the world, Bella… but I'm scared… This… open relationship… open marriage… thing… What if it drives us further apart? I don't want to lose you! I love you, Bella! More than anything or anyone else on this planet." I finally manage to put my worries and fears into words and when I sit down next to my beautiful wife, she pulls me into a hug and whispers in my ear, that she loves me too and that she has no intention, absolutely no desire of losing me, either. She just needs to know… No matter how hard I fight it, I can relate to it. I understand this kind of desire and it is all Jaspers fault. I want to blame him so badly but deep down I know that this is ridiculous. I wanted him just as much as he wanted me! And now my Bella wants Alice in pretty much the same way… Nodding my head, I simply give in and agree to her conditions and when my beautiful wife kisses me for the first time since before I left our house for that fateful business trip, I feel like I'm finally home again. x~x~x Hosts Note: Leave some love for the author in the form of a review. Please do not hint to the authors identity in your review if you happen to know it because this can lead to disqualification. To keep the contest fair, we ask that you pimp the contest as a whole and not individual entries. Public voting will open around the 7th november and run until 20th November.