eyes. He found two pairs of golden eyes staring back at him; he instantly knew who, and what they were, just as they knew who and what he was. "Thank you for your welcome, Chief Cheney. I'm sorry we've had to meet under these circumstances." He had a very toothy grin as he spoke to the Chief, and town residences. "I've inspected all the public buildings, and I'm afraid the only way we're going to eliminate the problem is to burn down all the buildings. They are all infested." A collective gasp escaped the people gathered there. Then mumbled protests, followed by angry ones. Then a collective "NO!" "Well then, you'll need to prepare to be evacuated from your homes and to spend considerable time somewhere else. Let me explain. Mice find their way back to their nests by leaving a trail of urine and feces. Mice can carry a Hantavirus which is nearly always fatal to humans. I'm sorry to be so blunt, but the potential for an outbreak equal to the massiveness of the swarming rodents is staggering." When Mr. Von Piper finished his explanation of what could happen, many in his audience were sobbing. "What are you telling us, Mr. Von Piper? We need to be evacuated right now?" Chief Cheney was staring wide eyed. "Yes, Chief. That's exactly what I'm saying. You're going to have to leave your homes tonight. Don't take any possessions with you. The danger is too great. We don't, at the moment know anyway to eliminate the threat in anyway, except with fire. I'm very sorry." Peter didn't have to look at the two golden eyed beauties to know what they were thinking, and he was sure he was ready for them. They wouldn't say anything in front of the humans. They'd wait until much later to approach him. He'd be ready this time! He'd win! ~o0o~ "That's the last one Chief. Never thought I'd be happy to live in such a small town." Ted had found his boss standing beside the yellow school bus filled with the townspeople. Looking around he asked, "Have you seen our golden eyed visitors yet?" "Now that you mention it, I haven't Ted." Thinking, he said, "They must have already gotten on a bus that's already left. I can't worry about them right now though. I have too many other responsibilities to concern myself with now." Yes, indeed, Rosalie and Angela were nowhere to be seen and with good reason too. They'd once again assumed their true forms; the ones that the Ancient Egyptians had worshiped thousands of years before. Rosalie became Sekhmet once again with her lioness head about her shoulders while Angela assumed her goddess form of Bast with a head that was of the desert cat on. The aura they each had was experienced as they passed among the people of Forks Washington. As the last bus departed and the town was completely deserted, the goddesses once more became visible. They waited. Peter Von Piper appeared before them, laughing so hard he had tears running down his cheeks. "Just look at you two. It's so funny. I've beaten you - finally!" Bast spoke, "Why is it you think you've 'won' anything? We're here to stop you from destroying this town and everything these people have worked to build. We are not allowing you to take away their dreams. Sekhmet nodded her agreement with her sister. "And just what do you think you can do to stop me?" Peter shrieked at them. Suddenly the air around them shimmered and Aset/Isis appeared before them. "Well done daughters. Now step back and I'll destroy this vermin as I should have done hundreds of years ago when he brought about that plague that destroyed the lives of hundreds of thousands of people with his Black Death caused by his pets. You'll never again be able to cause such harm to the World." Blinding light enveloped the entire town of Forks, Washington. "Noooooo! N..." Peter Piper shrieked as he burst into flames. Before his body disappeared in those flames, his true appearance showed. He was a huge, leering rat and his gaping mouth was salivating yellow and green bile. Aset/Isis had a grim expression on her beautiful countenance. "I know I told you both, this was your job and that was because I didn't want to destroy Peter after all these centuries. I'd hoped he'd learned his lesson, but evidently, he didn't. It's awful when a mother is unable to help one of her children." "Now, you two please do the clean up. Eliminate the smaller versions of Peter Piper and restore this town to its former, peaceful nature." Then the Goddess vanished. Neither remaining goddesses spoke but set about eliminating the physical presence of the rodent infestation. Small and loud 'pops' could be heard all around the town, as it became enveloped in a violet color followed by golden glow. When it was done, all the town's people were brought back with their memories of the horrors of being torn from their homes erased. All was put back to the way it'd been before Peter Piper pulled his last, final and fatal stunt. The Chief of Police of Forks Washington was standing looking out the front of the station holding his ever present coffee cup watching the rain come down. He was thinking what a boring life he had and wishing for some excitement. Sighing heavily he turned away from the window. He walked in the kitchen area of the station, poured out the now cold coffee and rinsed his cup, then he walked back to his desk and picked up his keys to the prowler he used in his daily duties and left to finish what was left of his day off. He couldn't remember why he'd even come into the station, but that was okay. He could go home to his little house and his nice warm and fuzzy cat he'd named Bast. The End.