we reminisced together and finished off the six pack, starting from the first time we met, following all the way up to our last months together in that small apartment we shared just off campus. "I miss this," I admitted when an awkward silence lingered between us, both of our tongues tired, and time running out on things to say. She blinked up in surprise but admitted the same. "Me too, I'd forgotten how perfect things where when it was just us. Not complicated—just—easy." "Then why'd we lose touch?" I insisted honestly unable to remember. She gave me another sad shrug, "Well you know, you were busy with music in New York, on the verge of being a superstar. You didn't need your small town ex-girlfriend calling you every other day." "Going to New York didn't have to end us, you chose that." I reminded, hearing an unreadable emotion in her voice. "And those talks were the highlight of my week." She let out a small sigh, " You don't get it Edward." "Then explain it to me." I stressed taking her hand more than ready to put on the puppy eyes if need be. I didn't. "I lived for the days I talked to you Edward, but you were so focused on your next trip back home that you couldn't focus. You wanted to sell out arenas since before I knew you and the longer you were at UDub the more played with the idea of settling for something else. So I stepped back." "Stepped back?" I repeated in disbelief, " Bella—what we had wasn't settling, I wanted you , I wanted to marry you." Even though it was the first time sharing that thought with her, my words didn't shock her. "I know." She admitted sadly. "And I would have said yes, but not before you gave yourself an honest shot at living your dream. You'd have resented yourself or me for it later." "You don't know that." I argued raking a hand through my hair. She counted me just as quickly, "You don't not know that." Hooked my hand behind her neck and furiously brought her lips to mine. I didn't think, if I had even for a second I would have remembered that she was taken, and kissing her broke all of the rules. But I didn't care. I wanted to see, I wanted to know, I wanted to feel if that spark we shared years ago was still there. She moved into me without a thought of her own and there it was, her mouth was soft, but there was a hint of possession under the surface. One hand pulled me close, while the other raked though my hair. I let my lips nibble hers open, giving me freedom to slide my tongue over them, between them, clouding our senses with the flavor of each other. Heat gathered like a fireball in my lungs long before I touched her and exploded when my hand snaked subtly under the bottom of her sweater, just along her side. It was her mouth I originally wanted, those lips as tempting as they always were, but the moment her lips met mine, I knew it was too late, I wanted all of her. Not just physically, but in every way possible. I wanted everything back and I didn't care what it cost. With a shaky sigh Bella froze, just as amazed as I was that the charge between us was still this strong. She gave the clock on the dash a glance and with another sigh released me. "You have a flight to catch, and I have to get home." The simplest sentence was so loaded with reality it felt like getting hit with a battering ram. Home—where her husband, his family, and heaven's knows who else was waiting. I just nodded. I pulled my leather jacket back on, and slid out the car, ready to abandon the warm for the harsh cold. She was out before I could walk around to my door, extending her arms for one last embrace. "Give Carlisle and Esme my love?" "Yeah." I nodded. "You too with the folks." She flashed another sweet smile and leaned up to kiss me again—this one a lot more chaste than the one in the car. "Take care of yourself. Merry Christmas Edward." "Merry Christmas Bella." I breathed, and I watched her get back into her car and drive away, once again taking my heart right along with her. With a sigh I slid into my rental, turning the heat on full blast and set the GPS for the airport. I thought about Bella before I even hit the highway. I wasn't sure who coined the phrase, but 'you never forget your first love.' And in my case, I don't think the flame ever burned out. But with another sigh I took the exit for the airport, heading home for the holidays, the snow that made the moment so intimate minutes before, now shifting into rain. — On the drive home, Bella shifted her rearview mirror to the opposite side, no longer able to stand the sight of her eyes in her reflection. "I did the right thing," She muttered to herself, an attempt at comfort but failing all the same. It'd been hell to give Edward up all those years ago, and was surprisingly just as difficult to let him drive away tonight. When she reached a stoplight, she used the few seconds to open up the center console. It was there she kept her albums—his albums— and settled on the Holiday Cd, his newest one. Turning to her favorite track she crossed the intersection and let his voice fill the speakers, serenading her all the way home. Should old acquaintance be forgot, and never brought to mind? Should old acquaintance be forgot, and auld Lang syne? Okay, there is is. Now T.T.L. readers, I'll see you this week as well but until then.. see ya.