sure it's—" "Now, Edward." "The things I fucking do for you—I wouldn't be surprised if I find myself in a jail cell." She rolls her eyes at his dramatics as he tentatively walks towards the sheet. "You know that you would spend a maximum of forty-eight hours in a cell before you were sprung, even if you were convicted of first degree murder." "Thank God for that," he allows with a nod. His hand reaches out, and for a second he feels the rough fabric between his fingers, a yellowing white that matches the pool tiles. He's too scared to ask where she got it from, because he knows with Bella, he can expect the unexpected—and sometimes it's not a really good idea to know. "Come on, hurry up." He hides his smirk at her impatience, and he can see her foot bouncing from the corner of his eye. This must be something exciting. With the flair of a matador, he raises the sheet, letting the wind send it flying into the air. Dust collects around, entering nostrils and blinding eyes. He hears Bella's giggles around her coughs, a rare treasure. The sheet settles onto the ground, and Edward finds himself staring at Bella, completely ignoring whatever it was he was meant to be revealing. The sunlight slants in from one of the broken, circular windows above, and the wind chimes cast light, slightly eerie melodies throughout the hall. Her jeweled smile seems to overshadow every single aspect that made the scene beautiful. "The perfect gift," he whispers. He remembers the last time he murmured the word perfect, staring at a woman he thought he had relinquished his heart to. He waits for the pain to seize him, for the cracks to gnaw, but he feels nothing more than a euphoric ecstasy, an elated excitement. She, the woman before him, her two barrel gun and not-to-be-stained-with-blood roof, has slowly, unnoticeably, stitched his heart back together and doubled the size in the process. "Edward? Are you okay?" Her brow is furrowed, she bites her lip. He shrugs, staring at the white floor. Without prior thought he walks to the built in stairs and climbs down them. "Edward? You left your surprise over here. You do know that, right?" "It was beautiful." He walks slowly down the length to the deeper end. "Huh? Did you even see what it was?" She stands on the top step, narrowing her eyes at him with hands pressed firmly on her hips. "Come over here, Bella." "What?" "Please?" She raises her eyes to the double volume ceiling, the one thing still intact on the building. "I swear that this fucker is going to be the death of me." She shakes her head before tentatively descending down the steps and into the pool. She follows Edward's lead blindly until she reaches him at the deepest end. The sheet is flared, ballooning in the crisp air, whirling around with wind before settling down over them, cocooning them. Bella grins as Edward pulls it down, pulling her towards him in the process until her nose meets his chest. She swallows, unable to look away from the blazing, almost liquid green of his eyes. "It's beautiful." She blinks. "Huh?" "My surprise, it's beautiful." "I don't get it." He chuckles. "You think I left my surprise over there?" "I don't think so, I know so." "Know again, love. Because right now, I have the most perfect gift in my arms, encased in a polyester-cotton like material that would be very harsh on whoever dared sleep in it." "Yeah, well—" "It's a diamond." She raises an eyebrow. "A rough, diamond that will not allow to be smoothed down, that will not let itself conform to other people's notions on how she's meant to look like, feel, love …" He bites her nose, letting a nervous giggle loose. "And I thank you for that—for being you. For scaring me into my wits, for letting me into your home, even though you knew you had nothing better to offer me than tin coffee, a gunshot wound and memories." She hides her face in his chest. "Because by doing that, Isabella Swan, you slowly, surely, rebuilt my heart, made it stronger than it used to be, and you didn't even know it. But now you do." He takes in a shaky breath. "And I know that in this moment, I am giving you the power to devastate me completely and leave me in a state where the pieces can no longer be put together." She shakes her head violently against his chest. "But, I'm … I'm taking a leap of faith here—well, I'm trying to, any fucking way—" he chuckles "and I believe that as much you hold the power to destroy me, you have the one capability that I put all my faith in, that makes me want to cry and laugh and shout and sit on your roof in the rain, staring at those waters knowing that at any second I was going to see you once again, fiery and fierce, furious and forceful. "It's in that one moment, that without thought, you had the ability to make me smile when no one else could. You hold that power in your hands, Isabella Marie, and for no more reason than that, that you just exist, I know that I love you." 'I'm … I'm not even close to being perfect." Her breath hitches. He grins, feeling his heart grow a little more. He doesn't need perfection—he has his very own diamond in the flesh. Hosts Note: Leave some love for the author in the form of a review. Please do not hint to the authors identity in your review if you happen to know it because this can lead to disqualification. To keep the contest fair, we ask that you pimp the contest as a whole and not individual entries. Public voting will open around the 7th november and run until 20th November.