tell myself that I was in love with her? Yes, I did. Oh. My. God. I'm in love with Isabella Marie Swan. I have been, for a long time, and I'm just now realizing it. "No, Charlie she isn't a kid anymore. It's time you know the truth." I said, looking him straight in the eyes. "I know seeing us like this was a shock, and well, we could have done this differently. But we couldn't fight it anymore. It's been going on since she was fifteen. She and I both had crushes...but we didn't act on them until this past weekend." Charlie began to back up slowly, his legs hitting the chair. He sat down as his legs gave way. But I continued on, "Charlie, I wasn't expecting this to happen, but it did. I won't apologize for it, either. Isabella and I have feelings for each other. We care deeply for one another. I know we should have told you but …" His eyes came up to meet mine. I could see the hurt in his eyes. I know he felt betrayed, but at the same time, Bella was an adult. He needed to realize she wasn't a little girl anymore. I turned and saw Isabella, still scantily dressed. I took off my jacket and put it on her. I gave her a chaste kiss on the lips and turned back to Charlie. "I'm sorry you had to find out like this, Charlie, but...I'm in love with Isabella." I heard her gasp, and Charlie did, too. Yeah I said it, out loud. Both of them asked at the same time, "You're in love with me?" "You're in love with my daughter?" I smiled at Isabella. "Yes, of course I am. I have been for a long time, baby." Then I turned to look at Charlie. "Yes, Charlie, I'm in love with your daughter. Isabella means the world to me. I'm sorry it came out this way,but it's true. I love her with ever fiber of my being. I want to make her happy. And I do make her happy, right, Isabella?" Isabella came to me, wrapping her arms around my waist, and said, "Yes, it's true. I love Edward, daddy." Charlie sighed and raked his hands through his hair. He looked up again and said, "So, whether or not I approve of this, you two will be together? Is that what you're telling me, Edward? You love her that much?" I looked deeply into Isabella's eyes. Without looking away, I said, "I sure do. I love you so much, Bella." She beamed happily at me and said, 'I love you, too! So much!" We hugged and kissed each other, forgetting all about Charlie until he cleared his throat, stopping us. He stood up from the chair, his face rigid at first. He still looked upset, but his features began to soften. "I'm not giving you my blessing, but I won't stand in your way, either." he said as he looked at the two of us. "But, you two have to be the ones to tell Renee about your relationship." he laughed. Bella ran from my arms to her dad. He reached out and her hugged her. Backing away, he looked at her and said, "Isabella, from now on, please lock the damn door. And change those clothes...my eyes are bleeding!" Isabella gasped and she looked at me. I kind of chuckled a bit. "Look, Edward, we have a meeting in an hour with some clients. You two say your goodbyes, and I will see you in a moment. Oh, and you will be telling Renee this weekend." With that, he walked out my office door. Isabella and I stood there, just looking at each other. I hadn't expected to reveal my true feelings about her that way, but it was out there now. "So? Did you really mean what you said?" she asked me shyly. I walked up to her, wrapping my arms around her waist. "Yes, Isabella, I meant every word. I love you, baby." I kissed her chastely on the lips. "You'd better go. I have a meeting to prepare for in less than an hour. But after we tell your mom, we will go out on a real date. Okay?" I asked her while holding her chin, making her look at me. "Okay. I look forward to it." she said, smiling at me. "Me too, baby. Me too." I kissed her one more time and then got ready for my meeting. It went well...we should be able to win this case. Bella and I told Renee about us that weekend. She was a little surprised at first, but got used to the idea. Of course my sister and my parents loved the fact we were together. We went on our first date to a nice restaurant. I swear, that girl didn't know what she did to me when she moaned like that, especially when she ate her dessert. She was driving me fucking crazy. Later that night, as we made our way to my apartment, I couldn't get enough of her. As soon as I got her in the door, I had her pinned to it, as we made out like fucking teenagers. I fucked her hard up against the door, shouting as I pumped inside of her, "Mine, mine, mine!" I marked her over and over again that evening. Isabella Marie Swan was made for me, just as I was made for her. Hosts Note: leave the author some love by submitting a review. If you happen to know an authors identity please do not hint to this in your review as this can compromise anonymity and lead to disqualifcation. Public voting has been delayed by a few days until we get all the entries posted. Due to some problems over the weekend with Gmail, there has been a delay in getting all the entries posted. Please bear with us while we resolve this.