I inspired some pages for you." "You have no idea," I muttered, but still loud enough where I knew he could hear me. "I think I do. Something tells me I'll be reading about this someday." As he smirked, I could see his dimples showing on his beautiful face. I turned to him in shock. "You've actually read my work?" "Why do you think we signed you? Why I signed you?" "Wow." I was completely stunned. "I feel so exposed." "I think we're past the part of feeling exposed. You write porn, I'm your boss, and we just had sex." "Amazing, wild sex." "You forgot about the part about it being crazy and unadulterated ." He said with a low, husky voice. Immediately taking me back to the elevator and the way he made me feel, all the things we did. "Ah, yes! Must not forget that either." "Look, this evening is all about you, you know. There are several people I would like for you to meet. I would love an opportunity for us to talk some more, but for now, it's time to network." All business, that Edward Cullen. "Sure, I would like that." He reached out for my hand and helped me down from the barstool. x x x SIX MONTHS LATER Esme couldn't believe her eyes. This gorgeous, beautiful Greek god actually wanted her. Her. Yes, the simple and innocent Esme Platt. Carlisle Cullen stood before her, his breath ghosting across her lips, causing her heartbeat to race, and breathing to hitch. He reached towards her and removed the tortoise shell eyeglasses from her face, and placed them in the front pocket of his dinner jacket. Next, his hands found themselves in her hair and he pulled the pin, loosening her wavy curls and watching them cascade down her shoulders. " Sexy," he murmured with a knowing smirk. He began kissing her face, her cheeks, her lips, and neck all the while eliciting whimpering moans from Esme. Emotion began to take a hold over her body, giving in to the passion she was feeling. She had never experienced this feeling before. His hands were trailing all over her body, over her cardigan, over her skirt, roaming over her smooth legs. He caressed his hands over her body as if she was a Queen worthy of worship. Gripping her hips, he hoisted her up and wrapped her legs around his waist. He pressed her back against the cold steel of the elevator walls, shocking her skin that was warm from their passionate- "How's my favorite writer?" Going from silence to his voice made me jump in my chair. Edward. He was home early and startled me out of my thoughts. My deep, dark, and dirty thoughts. Every time he appeared, my fantasies became a reality. A lusty, raunchy, miraculous reality. I felt my face turn warm, blushing. I shook my thoughts away and returned to the present. I smiled as I paused from the fluorescent glow of my beloved laptop to turn and see my own gorgeous man standing in the doorway of my home office. "Hey, there," I grinned, playfully wiggling my eyebrows. "I'm doing fine, just trying to work past this one part so I can get to the part that I'm really looking forward to." "Mmm… that sounds good. Will I get to read it?" He swiveled my chair around so I was facing him. "Eventually," I smirked, reaching behind me and closing my laptop. "However, you already know the gist of it. Are you sure you'd want to read about something you already know so much about?" "Oh, of course I do. I'd just love to know what was going on in your head the night that we met." He leaned over and kissed me on the forehead. I couldn't help but smile, thinking of how far we've come and how comfortably we've fallen into a relationship. "I bet you would." "Would you like to go out for dinner?" "Sure, that sounds great! I'll just need to change first." "Me, too." "Before we head out, I'd like to tie up this last bit-" " Tie up ? Interesting! Hmm…" He smirked, his eyebrows furrowed mischievously as he began to loosen his tie. I grabbed a paper clip from my desk organizer and threw it at him,which made him laugh as he acted as if he was wounded. "Go!" Watching his reaction, I couldn't help but laugh as I watched him try to avoid it, his tall frame moving around, trying to avoid a tiny paper clip. "Save it for later, Mister!" "I'll be in the library when you're ready, my love." "Okay, give me just a few." "Of course." He went to turn and walk out the door, but paused. "Oh, by the way?" With my hands still parked on the home row keys of my laptop keyboard, I turned to hear whatever perverted comment that would come out of his gorgeous lips next. "Yessss?" I playfully answered. "You are far from simple and innocent , my sweet Lola Bella ." Oh, the things he does to me when he says stuff like that. The hard, cold parts of my heart immediately turn to a gooey, chocolaty center, thus turning me into a hopeless romantic. The swooning, hearts and flowers kind. The more I thought about it, the more it dawned on me: that little stinker was reading over my shoulder after all! What normally may have set me off only made me smile from hearing his sweet words. It truly helped me realize how lucky I was and blessed for what was to come. A/N: Thank you for reading! Be sure to check out all the stories for the Dior Rob contest and vote! Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by submitting a review. If you happen to know an authors identity, please do not hint towards this in your review as this can compromise anonymity and lead to disqualification.