sound asleep. We had a little wriggle and a sob earlier, but Tony Bennett soon had her back in the land of nod. Are you feeling any better?" Rosalie smiled; it was small but appreciative, and nodded. "It was so…freeing to just get away for a little while. Thank you so much. Can I ask why you are here?" I smiled and explained my role in the hospital and made them promise that they would seek me or one of the other volunteers out if they needed a chat. Looking at the clock and realising it was later than I had anticipated, I made a tentative coffee date with Rosalie for my next shift which was two days away on Thursday and bid them both farewell. Back in Riley's ward, he was debating the pros and cons of cookies with Francesca, the girl in the bed next to his. Esme and Carlisle were watching on from Riley's bedside so I quietly greeted them so as not to disturb the heated discussion between the children. Esme took my hand in hers and squeezed it, her eyes shining with delight. "Did he tell you? About this morning? Oh Bella, he is so proud of himself. I could burst!" I giggled at Esme's enthusiasm over the production of bodily fluid, but I understood her glee. This day had been a long time coming. It was partly why I was so close to this little boy. He had been admitted during my first ever shift two months ago, so we had learned the ropes of the hospital together. He'd been in and out. Mostly in. It was tough for his family, but they were so strong as a unit. I had never met his parents but from his chatter and Carlisle's first coffee break, I'd learned that his father was a doctor Gramps and his shifts at the hospital were erratic at best. His mother didn't live with them, I assumed they were divorced, and it sounded like it wasn't an amicable split. It all boiled down to an affair and her inability to cope with her son's condition. It was sad but too often the case that a prolonged illness as severe as Riley's could really crack a relationship. From Esme's mutterings though, it would appear her departure was neither completely surprising nor unwelcome. Carlisle winked at me and it was the first time I think I'd truly seen him smile. He was a handsome man, his blond hair graying at the temples. The smile he gave his wife made me sigh; the love this couple shared was incredible. A force so strong, it was impossible not to notice it. "Miss Bella, you're back! I forgot to ask earlier, did you bake me anything? This talk of cookies has gotted me hungry. And my daddy was here, but you missed him again. He had to go though, his beeper went again. Meemee and Gramps need to invite you to my birthday party too. You will come right? I want to show you off to my cousin Robert, he doesn't believe I have a best friend who's old. He says that's not possible, but he's wrong isn't he Miss Bella? Because you and me, we're best friends, right?" I smiled at the excited little boy and nodded enthusiastically. "Robert doesn't know what he's talking about. You're the coolest guy ever, how could I not want to be your best friend? And I didn't bake anything, but since you're having a party, maybe I could bake something for you then?" I looked to Esme who nodded slightly. My mind was already racing with ideas. This boy had three loves: Star Wars, soccer and the beach. I thought I could make a large Star Wars themed birthday cake and soccer ball cupcakes. It would be tricky, but so worth it to see Riley's face. "Oh Miss Bella, you are the best!" Riley exclaimed, nodding his head furiously. Us adults laughed then and I made a mental note to add the date of the party, three weeks from now, to my diary. I sat with Brianna and Francesca for a while, giving their parents a couple of hours to run home, shower, change and bring back comforts for their daughters. While I was with them, I braided Francesca's jet black hair and then sang to Brianna while she lay with her head in my lap and I stroked her head softly. Five year old Brianna was recovering from a kidney transplant and her sutures kept her from sleeping sometimes, so any sleep she got was golden. Eventually, it was time for me to clock out and head home. I had a literature paper due in a week and I wanted it finished before the weekend so I could catch up on some reading and television shows. So with some hugs and promises of baked goods next time I was in, I left the hospital and made the twenty minute walk back to my apartment. Angela was in the kitchen preparing dinner when I got in. I knew this because pots were banging together and there was a slight burning smell lingering in the air. I greeted her as I pulled OJ from the fridge and we chatted about her day. After a plate of singed salmon and vegetables, I sat at my desk and drafted my 3,000 word paper. Then at eleven o'clock I performed my night time ritual of peppermint tea, bathroom activities and jumped into my double bed, bone tired and ready for sleep, which overtook me quickly and soundly. There you have it: the first installment of The Best Medicine. I'm not too sure how long this story will be, I haven't thought that far ahead yet. But now it's time for me to start my day, I hope some of you will make it a great one by leaving me a wee review. I hear the teapot calling me, until next time. xoxo