"It's not nice to be teased, is it?" I chuckled darkly. Before she could retort, I finally pressed down on her clit with my thumb at the same time I pushed three fingers all the way inside her. "Oh, my God!" she cried out, thrashing against me. "I want to see you come," I told her, speeding up and pressing down harder. "Oh, oh, oh . . ." she mewled, her head falling back and exposing the beautiful column of her neck. I couldn't resist and was quick to trail kisses down it to her collarbone and between her breasts. "Edward . . . please!" I bit down on her perky nipple at the same time my palm ground against her clit. As my fingers curled inside her, I felt her pussy clamp down on them, and she screamed out my name with her release. She was so fucking beautiful when she came. I wanted to see and hear it all over again, but this time, I wanted to be inside her. I released her hands, my own roaming over her sweat-covered skin. She was still coming down from her climax when I wrapped her legs around my waist and positioned myself at her entrance. "Yes, yes, yes!" She licked her lips and wrapped her hand around the base of my cock, stroking me up and down, whispering, "You're so big!" I leaned my forehead against hers, chuckling and thrusting into her hand before placing my lips back on hers. "Are you sure, Bella?" I asked her one last time. She released me and nodded, wrapping her arms around my neck. "I'm sure. Make me yours, Edward." My lips went back to hers and my hands massaged each of her breasts. They were the perfect size, filling my hands easily. Her nipples hardened under my fingertips and I drew my mouth down to them, unable to resist. I licked and sucked, teased and kissed my way across each of them, enjoying every whimper and gasp and cry I drew from her. I wanted to show her just how special she was by worshipping her the way she deserved. My cock throbbed in anticipation as I slowly pushed the head inside her, and then pulled back. I repeated the motion a few more times until I entered her fully, my hips flush against hers. "Edward . . ." she moaned loudly as her legs tightened around my waist. I leaned down into the crook of her soft neck, gently biting and sucking her earlobe. I pushed in, and withdrew, hearing and enjoying her reactions. She shut her eyes as she clutched onto me, enjoying the moment. A groan escaped my lips as I stared down at her. She moved her hips as I continued thrusting in and out of her. The scent of our lovemaking urged me on as I held tightly onto her, feeling each move she made. Her walls contracted around my cock, her hands gripping my shoulders tighter. Her feet were digging into my ass and her wet hair flew all around her face. I moaned out her name as I pounded into her, my pace quickening with each thrust. My skin was flushed in pleasure as her inner walls pulsed. Her eyes firmly settled upon mine. With our eyes locked, we chased our climaxes. She dropped her hand to where we were joined, rubbing her clit as I filled her with my cock. Her face strained as she moved her hips to my rhythm. I increased my speed, feeling her walls fluttering. "Give it to me," I grunted. "Come for me, Bella!" "Edward . . . oh . . . almost . . . there . . ." she breathed out, her voice shaking. I could tell she was close—I gripped her thighs and raised them higher, around my ribs. "FUCK!" she cried out with the next thrust, and I knew I'd hit the right spot. I kept hitting it, over and over again, faster, harder, deeper, until she finally screamed out my name, her nails dragging down my back, making me hiss. My breathing picked up and I moaned huskily as I spilled inside her. I pulled out and rolled on my back, pulling Bella next to me. My lips curled up into a crooked smirk as I watched her lay on my chest, panting. She looked up at me and I kissed her swollen lips tenderly. She pulled back, her lazy smile and sparkling eyes making her look even more beautiful to me. I lovingly stroked her cheek and she grabbed my hand, planting a sweet kiss on my palm. "Don't you dare walk away from me again, Edward, don't you dare!" I chuckled and shook my head. "I won't, Bella." I sighed and kissed her nose. "I won't run again. I don't think I can anymore." I leaned in, our foreheads touching. "My heart is yours." She cupped my face and kissed my lips softly. "And mine is yours." I kissed her then, I had to. I was hers and she was mine; as our passion grew, so did our love—burning us, branding us. I let my heart fall; as it fell, she rose to claim it. Her love burned me and consumed me—I felt her in my heart and there she would stay forever. I didn't know what the future held for us, but whatever came our way, I would stand beside her. She was my everything. ~The End Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by submitting a review. In order to keep the contest fair, we ask that you only pimp the contest as a whole and not individual entries. Also, if you happen to know the authors identity, please do not give this away in the review as this can lead to disqualification. Don't forget to put us on author alert to be notified of new stories. Public voting will open around November 6th/7th and run until November 20th.