to look up at her, I must be young. I hear myself telling her, "Edward Cullen, Miss Bella. Don't you remember me? I see you every year at Halloween. It's good to see you again." Then, as if she's smoke blowing on the wind, she's gone. I think I cry at that loss because when I wake in the morning, my pillow is damp. Time goes on as time does, one day leading to another. I find myself in college, studying for the bar exam as graduation day arrives. Next, I'm applying to different law firms to get the experience I'll need to start my own practice. Days lead into weeks; weeks turn into months and months into years. I meet a very nice and sweet young woman who's blond haired, with a peaches and cream complexion and huge, blue eyes. She also has freckles across the bridge of her nose. I find those very endearing, and I find her charming. I know it's time I was married and settled down-even though I am already settled-and have a family. I embarrass myself the first time I make love to my future wife. I call her Bella. I have to think quickly when I realize what I've done. "It means beautiful, and you are," I tell her. She accepts it, and so, from then on, I called her Bella during intimate times. I am never really happy because I know I love Miss Bella, but it is just not meant to be. It seems we are separated by time, never quite aligning in our trips through life, and never destined to meet. My wife and I have two children. The first is a beautiful little girl we name Alice, and the second, fourteen months later, is a boy we name after my best friend, Emmett, who's little Emmetts godfather. When my children are old enough to walk on their own, I take them trick or treating, wishing I could show them to Miss Bella. That Halloween night, I dream that I do just that. I take them to her house and tell them to only take two pieces of candy, which they do. It makes my heart hurt that Bella isn't their mother. I wake up the next morning with my pillow wet, and I know it is from tears of grief. Halloween comes again and I know something was wrong. Miss Bella is ill. I think I see her entering my heart doctor's office. I have a perfect heart, but I worry that perhaps she is having problems. That same night, I dream I visit her in the hospital. I tell her she has to get better, that the time isn't right yet. She has to keep going just a little longer. I don't know if she hears me or not, but I leave a single yellow rose bud in a vase on the side table next to the hospital bed. Time once again passes too quickly. My wife dies unexpectedly of cancer that she never tells me she has. How could she? I am never home. I am always working. I feel the loss of my friend. I feel so guilty that I've not loved her the way she deserves, but she has seemed content to me. My children are in college and come home for the funeral and express to me their unhappiness with my being an absent parent all these years, leaving their mother to take care of everything on her own. This is the last time we ever talk about anything. I guess you could say we are estranged. I am sorry for that, but I have no heart to give them or their mother. It belongs to a woman I've never met and probably never will meet. One night, I am coming home from a conference in Seattle and I find myself thinking again about Miss Bella and how I wish I could meet her in this life. I know we would have the love of the century. It is then I am pulled back from the thoughts. I see the head lights bearing down on me, too fast for me to take action. The last thoughts I have are of my Miss Bella. When I become conscious again, I find myself standing under a very old oak tree, waiting for someone. I see a huge crowd of people leaving a building and realize I am by a parking lot, and it is Forks Funeral Home. They must be leaving a service. Who am I waiting for? I see an old woman walking towards me. She stops and stares at me, and then before my eyes, she transforms into my Miss Bella. I can't believe what I am seeing. I find myself rushing towards her and envelop her in my arms. She is hesitant at first, but then she returns my affections. I hear myself telling her, "Bella! You've kept me waiting a long time. Come on. It's time to go home." She seems confused, "Wha-what?" I reply to her question with, "We can be together now. We've caught up with each other," and as I say it, I know it's true. "We won't be apart ever again." I can't contain myself anymore. I kiss her hard on the lips, which she returns with enthusiasm. Looking over her shoulder, I see an old woman lying on the ground and people are running over to her. I know that the old woman is Bella, but I don't care. We are together at last, and we will continue to be together until the end of time! We join hands and walk off into the setting sun, knowing that it is the beginning-not the end. Finally we, Bella Swan and Edward Cullen, have found ourselves in the correct time we should have always been in together. No more dreams. No more longing sad dreams. It's as it was always meant to have been. In love and together. Forever.