kids and now I felt like I just kept having them. My oldest, at eight, Ryan, was on the swing-set with Rose and Emmett's seven year old, Brittany. I had a feeling that they would definitely be a couple later on. They were joined at the hip now and I caught them kissing each other. I almost had a heart attack and made Edward talk to Ryan right away. Lord help me. "Lucy! Stop showing Anthony your underwear! Ladies don't do that!" Rose screeched as her five year old daughter started lifting up her dress and flashing my six year old son. "Why did we decide to have kids again?" I asked her, laughing. She shook her head, amused, "I have no idea; I didn't know then that my daughter would be acting like a nut; flashing Anthony every two minutes," She said. Edward came out then, shouting, "Marie Anne Cullen! Stop humping Dylan! He's basically your cousin!" I looked over and saw our two year old daughter Marie humping Dylan who was three. "He like it, daddy!" She yelled back. "That doesn't make it okay! Stop it right now or I'm going to spray you with the hose!" He threatened. She threw her head back, her brown curls falling everywhere, and howled with laughter as she continued to hump Dylan. I shook my head, "You don't want kids again anytime soon, do you?" I asked. "Good Lord, no, Ali has her damn three kids who are hyper as hell and we have our three kids who are...set on showing each other their underwear and humping each other, no, no more kids for a long while!" Rose exclaimed. Edward laughed as he lowered himself beside me, "It's not that bad," He said. "Yeah, that's what you say now but you just wait until they're fifteen and actually start humping each other, without clothes," I taunted him. "Marie! Come here, baby!" Edward called. She pushed herself off of Dylan but not before kissing him on the lips. I sighed and shook my head. My daughter was going to be a total whore when she got older. Where did I go wrong? She squealed when Edward lifted her and dropped her into his lap, "Daddy! Daddy!" She yelled and nuzzled his neck with her face. "Are you going to be good while mommy and daddy are gone?" He asked her. She nodded, pouting her lips, "I wuv Auntie Wosie!" She smiled cutely. "Yeah, well, Auntie Rose is going to spray you with the bottle if you keep up that humping business," He warned her. "I like it when you spray me!" She giggled. "Oh, God, our daughter's kinky," I muttered. Rose burst out laughing, "Come here, kid, I love you too, crazy girl," She said taking Marie from Edward. Edward shook his head, "Give me a kiss, baby, and be good; we'll be back soon," He told her as she kissed him. "Okay! Wuv you, mommy! Daddy!" She shouted; she offered me her lips which I kissed. "Okay, baby, be good like daddy said and listen to your Auntie," I told her. She nodded; wrapping her arms around Rose's neck. "Ryan! Anthony! Mommy and daddy are going!" I called and watched them run toward us. Ryan ran up to Edward, "Dad! Listen! Listen what I can do!" He jumped excitedly. "Go ahead, son, I'm listening," Edward urged. "Okay," He took a deep breath before starting to rap, " 4-4 bulldog my motherfucking pet, I point it at you and tell that motherfucker fetch, I'm fucking her good; she got her legs on my neck, I get pussy, mouth and ass call that bitch triple threat, when I was in jail she let me call her collect but if she get greedy Ima starve her to death, top down it's upset, been fuckin' the world and nigga I ain't cum yet, you fuck with me wrong, I knock your head off your neck !" He finished with a smile. My mouth fell open, "Ryan James Cullen!" I hollered. "Son, that rap crap is NOT music and what have I told you? I don't want you listening to that crap! That's not how you treat a lady, Ryan, you don't want to be considered a rapist, do you?" He asked seriously. Ryan shook his head, frowning, "No, but all the kids sing it at school and they think it's cool," He argued. Edward dropped down to one knee, "Look, Ry, you don't need to worry about what anyone else thinks about you, do you think Brittany would like it if you were cussing at her like that? Even if it is just a song?" He asked. Ryan shook his head again, the tips of his ears pink with embarrassment. "And you care about Brittany, don't you?" Edward continued. Ryan nodded this time. "Then you won't disrespect her with that disgusting crap, will you?" Edward demanded. "No, I won't; I'm sorry," Ryan said softly. "It's okay, son, you just need to be yourself and not worry about what others think because they don't matter," Edward told him. "Thanks, dad," He said and ran back over to Brittany; hugging her. Anthony wanted me to pick him up and hold him while he said goodbye. "We'll be back later, don't worry, you just be good for Auntie and Uncle," I told him. He nodded and kissed me as I passed him to Edward. "Okay, little man, you be good, I love you, we'll see you later," He told him and gave him a kiss before putting him down. He ran back over to Lucy just as she yelled, "Look at my panties, Tony! Look!" I shook my head again and looked at Edward, "How did we make such horny kids?" I asked him. He smiled, "They get that from you," He teased. I laughed and leaned up on my toes to kiss him, "Come on, we've got a date; thank God I'm on birth control." THE END.