in copper and used for a breakfast bar. And of course, I couldn't miss the Sub-zero refrigerator. As I climb the beautiful oak staircase leading to the huge master en suite, I can't help but notice the Jacuzzi tub for two. Oh yeah! I can't believe this beautiful room has a fireplace too, right in front of a very comfortable looking couch. That will be great for reading. The king sized four-post bed is beautiful as well and looks toasty warm and inviting. I smile at the thought of being able to use the whole damned thing. The French doors lead out to a deck which overlooks Lake Tahoe. To say it is a beautiful view is a serious understatement. I think I love this room the best. In fact I imagine I could spend my entire vacation in here alone. I put my bags next to the bed and head down the hall to the second bedroom and private bath. The bath is smaller and only has a shower but I won't be using that room anyway. I then go back to my room and unpack my bags, settling in. I am already relaxed and can't wait until I can start a fire, open a bottle of wine and start reading that book I've wanted to read for over a year now. I silently vow not to turn on my computer or the TV. After I finish unpacking, I run out to my car and remove my skis from the racks and put them in the mud room for safe keeping, caressing them and feeling the newly sharpened edges and new wax. I am happy I had them tuned up before I left home. I also splurged on a new pair of Salomon boots that match my skis. A girl has to look good you know. I also picked up a couple pairs of powder pants that look like blue jeans and make my ass look awesome. I am set and ready to go and I find it hard to contain my excitement about getting out there tomorrow. I take pictures of each bedroom and bathroom and text it to the girls so they can fight over the rooms before they get here because I don't want to hear it or be involved. We are like sisters, therefore we fight like sisters, but I love them to death. As I get familiar with where things are in the kitchen I am drawn to the French doors leading off the dining room. They take me to another large deck that overlooks the lake and what do I see there? A beautiful, inviting hot tub with my name written all over it. I remove the cover, turn it on and go back inside to see what's in the refrigerator. I had asked that the house be well stocked before I arrived so I didn't have to worry about that when I got here and the owners did not disappoint. I brought out some fruit, cheeses, breads and spreads. I had brought my own supply of wine because I have my favorites. I'll admit that I am a wine snob. After I prepare a mini-feast and open a bottle of wine, I twist my hair up on top of my head and secure it with the chopsticks I found on a sushi tray in the dining room. I remove all my clothes, discarding them where I stand, grab my snack, my bottle of wine and head outside to the hot tub. Mmm… I am in heaven, a heaven that serves cheese plates and wine. After soaking and drinking nearly a full bottle of wine, I was feeling warm and fuzzy and lay my head back. I close my eyes and just enjoy the outdoors and soft, rolling, warm water against my skin. When I feel a cold wetness on my face, I open my eyes and see that it has begun to snow. I close my eyes again and feel each snowflake touch my skin. That is one of the most pleasurable experiences of my life. I thought for a moment that I might spend the night in the tub but my wilted fingers and toes told me it would be better to go inside now. Reluctantly, I stand and do a full body stretch looking out at the shimmering lights reflected on the lake. It is only then that I take in my surroundings and see two old men sitting in their hot tub on the deck of the neighboring house, and they are watching me. Pervs . I wish I had a camera, their faces are priceless! If I didn't have my wine-glow going on I would make a shy, mad dash back in the house, but I giggle instead and climb out gathering my dishes and go inside. I'll be shy tomorrow. Well… I gave those two old men some stuff to think about, stuff naughty dreams are made of. I'm too exhausted to start a fire tonight and decide to go upstairs, take a shower and go to bed. After setting my alarm, I snuggle in and recall the green eyes that looked into mine so intently, hoping I have the chance to see him again. I store those thoughts away because Christmas is coming early the next morning in the form of black diamonds. I wake up the next morning excited like it was my first day of school. I hop out of bed, get dressed, put my hair into a French braid and make a large pot of coffee. I force myself to eat breakfast because I know I won't want to stop until lunch. I then make a cheese and cracker snack, fill my thermos and make myself a coffee to go before loading my gear in the car and heading out the door. Man…I sure hope that I see Mr. Denali Man today. A/N: Well, what do ya think? Leave me some love. 7