deep breath. "I do trust you, that's why I asked you….Okay… no more back seat coordinating." I waited until I was sure I could believe her, then went on to explain the senior citizens playlist the DJ planned to play during the reception. She scoffed in disbelief, "I told Tanya to tell the guy specifically what she wanted. Obviously she failed." "Well it's taken care of now," I assured pointing the way for a florist before leaning over the railing to take a break and speak to her properly. Alice paused for a moment, "So…what did you change it to…" "You'll know when you get here," I laughed locking eyes with a man in all white on the other end of the deck. His face flushed red like he'd been caught doing something and I could only guess what he was thinking. "Hey I think I just caught the Captain checking out my ass. I gotta call you back." I straightened up and walked over to him. He stared down at me, his dirty blond hair blowing in the breeze. He didn't look like any Captain I'd ever seen, and the only give away was the uniform. He didn't look over thirty five, "So you're the one that's been turning my ship upside down." He accused with a rough voice filled with humor. I got straight to business like always, "Just the person I want to see, I need to talk to you about your departure and arrival time for tonight, and the time we need to ferry the guests to the island. I'm worried if this party goes too far over schedule they won't be here early enough to catch us." He laughed taken aback by my focused demeanor. "Do you need anything else?" "In fact, yes I do. A place to store this and get changed for the party" I smiled trying not to be too tense, holding up my things. "Well I have a place for that." He assured leading me back the way he came. "I'm James by the way." "Pleased to meet you James, I'm Bella…" — "It turned out amazing," Alice praised looking around, her silver mask in no way hiding her identity. She had abandoned her date and kidnapped Emmett and Rose to find me. "Isn't it perfect guys?" Emmett nodded looking around. The entire ship decorated in black, gold, silver and white, each guest in an intricate black or white mask. The wedding party in silver and gold ones—brides side gold, grooms side silver. Not being in the wedding party, Emmett and Rose each wore a black and white one like me. I didn't even want to ask why he wasn't a groomsmen. You could see Rose roll her hazel eyes through the holes, "Alice stop phishing for complements. We know you put this together and it's amazing. It's good to see you again Bells." "It was my vision but Bella executed it." She corrected her tiny nose wrinkling. But then she perked up hearing a piano version of 'never say never' play over the speakers. "The music choice is amazing." Carlisle and Esme found us too both dawning their silver masks, "Oh Bella you've got a mask too?" She grinned kissing my cheek. "You did excellent by the way, have you eaten anything?" Of course I dressed for the party, and wore a mask. Zafrina said purpose of an event planner is to control a situation in the event of an emergency, and sometimes that meant playing MC, mingling, checking on the kitchen, or whatever else. And the best ones fixed crises without anyone ever knowing there was one. That required not standing out, and nothing called attention like a woman in a pantsuit running around with her head cut off. I shook my head, "No, I'll grab a bite after it's all done." Emmett grabbed a mini quiche from a passing platter and waved it close to my mouth. "Eat the quiche, you know you want to. It's good." Rose rolled her eyes, "Emmett leave her alone. She's trying to be a professional. Cut her some slack." Emmett ignored her ignoring my protests and rubbing the crust on my locked lips, "Eat it, eat it, eat it, eat it, eat it." " Fine ," I hissed ignoring their parents laughs taking it from him, "I can feed myself." I popped it into my mouth and moaned immediately, the taste was like an edible orgasm. "So good…" I agreed with a nod. Satisfied Esme started obsessing over my dress telling me how stunning the green looked against my ivory color. I blushed continuing to chew. "Guys, it's about time I found you," A velvet voice called from behind me. "This is all so amazing." Esme's face lit up with a familiarity, "Edward darling, get over here and meet the girl that's making your welcome party a success." I turned around and was shocked frozen, the lump of quiche stuck in my throat. I tried to rapidly blink it down—like that was going to work. Even with half of his face covered he was the most beautiful man I'd ever seen. His unruly hair the exact color of Esme's hung over the front of his sliver mask, bringing out the most hypnotic pair of green eyes. They match my dress... I mentally swooned still unable to gather any real coherent thought. I needed too, because I was running out of air and three seconds away from choking on quiche. This is why you don't eat at an event—Stupid Emmett. "Oh Edikins there you are…" An English accented woman's voice snapped me out of my haze. This man is getting married in two days, and you're gaping at him surrounded by his family and fiancé, at the wedding you're coordinating! Get it together Swan, be a professional! I steeled myself to swallow the lump in my throat and extended my hand to him. "Hello Mr. Cullen, nice to meet you, I'm Isabella Swan…"