in Engineering at UT Austin." Michael then launched into his job and his own self importance. About that time, Rosalie leaned into Bella whispering, "You ready to go somewhere else?" Bella didn't verbally answer Rose but nodded her head slightly and picked up her clutch from the table top. Bella turned to Michael. "I'm so sorry, but we need to go." "Mind if I come too?" Michael asked. Bella panicked. Rosalie answered for them both. "Sorry Michael, we both have dates waiting for us. Nice to see you again." Grateful, Bella nodded, "Yes, we both have dates we're going to meet. Nice to meet you Michael." The two women worked their way through the throng of young men who had suddenly packed the club. When they got outside, Bella felt as though she'd been touched in more inappropriate places in that short distance than she had ever been in her entire forty years. "Bella," Rose said, "I promise to never put us through that type of gauntlet ever again! That was the worst!" Bella let out the breath she hadn't realized she'd been holding. "That was awful. I feel like I need a shower!" Laughing, Rose said, "Well that can wait until you get home. Follow me to Denny's for something to eat and then we can go to a movie or something else if you'd like." ~o0o~ They seated themselves since the greeter seemed to be too busy talking to another waitress who worked there. They placed their order when the staff deemed they'd sat long enough waiting. Their order just arrived when Bella heard that mellow smooth voice, "Why if it isn't Isabella Swan." Turning so fast she almost gave herself whiplash, "Edward!" He scooted himself into the booth next to her. "Why didn't you call me?" Edward asked as he settled himself in. "Me call you?" Bella was confused. When was it established she should call him and how could she? She didn't have his phone number. "How could I? I don't have your phone number." "Oh yes you do." Edward stated. "I do not." Bella defended. "Give me your phone." Edward extended his hand, so Bella dug it out of her purse and handed it to him. He scrolled through the numbers and then he showed her that yes, in fact, she did have his phone number. Shaking her head she defended, again, "I didn't know. When, how did it get in my contacts?" Edward laughed, "I put it in when you were in the bathroom." He paused as he thought a moment then continued, "Did I forget to tell you I did that?" Rosalie was smiling as she listened to this exchange between her friend and Edward, then joined in. "Edward, Bella's not used to having a man expecting her to call him." Something like a light crossed Edward's face, "Oh I see." "Didn't Bella tell you she's recently divorced?" Rose continued. Bella started shaking her head, not sure if it was to make Rose shut up, or to confirm what Rose was saying and that she hadn't told Edward. "Bella, I'm sorry. I just assumed that you knew how it worked." Edward looked contrite. "Today when dating, the woman is free to call the man." Seeing the still unsure and slightly stunned expression on Bella's face, Edward added, "Women's lib, you know?" Bella closed her mouth, which she hadn't realized until that moment, was open. "Oh." Was all she was able to say. "Yeah," Edward said smiling. "I was getting worried. I thought we had a great time, and I wanted to see you some more." He waggled his eyebrows at her with this last statement. Rosalie smiled broadly. "So, Edward. You enjoyed Bella's, ah, company?" "Most definitely." "Bella, did you enjoy Edward's company?" Bella nodded not taking her eyes from Edward's. "Uh, Edward. Edward?" Rosalie questioned. "Yeah?" Edward seemed lost in Bella's eyes. "Look you two. Do I have to throw water on you both?" Bella feeling embarrassed, turned to her friend. "Why would you do that?" That simple question caused both Rosalie and Edward to laugh. Bella just sat there looking between them. "What? What's so funny?" She was starting to get upset with both of them. Rose looked at her friend, "Bella were you in some deep freeze on another planet all your life?" "For your information, I've been married and been a mother. I've never had a social life so excuse me if I don't know the rules of engagement." Bella said a little more loudly than she intended. Contrite, Rosalie apologized. "I'm sorry Bella. I really hadn't realized." Edward also feeling a little ashamed of his part in Bella's current attitude said, "I'm sorry Bella. I knew on some level when you'd said you had a son in college that you had probably been married at some point, I just didn't realize it was recent." Picking up her right hand kissed her knuckles one at a time all the while looking into Bella's eyes. "Please forgive me, and allow me to help you understand this younger generation you're dealing with now on a social level." Rosalie just sat there with her mouth open. "Bella is he for real?" Bella only nodded her head. "When you're done with him, can I have him?" Rose asked laughing. Bella looked at her friend and then laughing she said, "Sure. Why not?" Edward didn't seem to like that idea very much. "Hey! Don't I have a say in this?" Bella reached over and kissed Edward on the cheek. "Sure you do." Reaching for the check, Rose said, "Ok. Now that that's settled can we go to the movie?" Scooting out of the booth, Bella caught Edward's hand. There was so much for her to learn all over again about relationships between the sexes. She realized that she was beginning to feel better about herself, and that she'd find her groove eventually. Life just might be fun being single and childless after all. ~o0o~