is a very intelligent child and should be coping with it. I know she has the potential all she needs to do is focus and apply herself." Peter shook his head. "Is Emily the one teaching her?" "Let's put it this way, when I am not here Emily supervises her lessons," said Edward carefully. "Oh, come on Peter! It is not that important. Lizzie needs something to occupy her mind and her time. We both know that she is an intelligent child. In England children her age are already in school and do the same thing she is doing, if not more." Peter sighed. "Even so, I am sure that Emily does not have the credentials to be teaching her, no offense to Emily." Lizzie who had been listening to the interchange, between her father and pseudo uncle now said: "Can I stop my lessons for today – now that Uncle Peter is here?" She asked hopefully. Edward's eyes and demeanor softened as he looked at his beloved child. "Of course, Liz," he said. "How about this, we all go out for a nice day of fun, just, you, me, Peter and even Emily?" "OH, Daddy!" Lizzie's face lit up with excitement. "But the Swan deal –" Peter began to say, when Edward smiled at him. "Which Swan?" he questioned lightly. "Like Lizzie, I am putting aside my work and problems for today. Come, Peter! Do you not find prospect of taking out my yacht for nice sail appealing on such a beautiful day?" Peter relaxed. "I most definitely do. I can think of nothing more delightful, especially in the company of the enchanting Elizabeth Cullen." Peter said as he scooped up a giggling Lizzie into his arms. "Peter, if you were in my position, what would you do about Swan?" Edward asked as he slid his dark sunglasses off his face to rest atop his head. They were lounging on the deck on Edward's yacht, each enjoying the sun, the cool breeze that blew as they sailed and a good cigar and a cool beer, while Lizzie ran around with her nanny Emily. Peter took a drag of his cigar as he contemplated the question before finally answering it. "I don't know what I would do." He answered honestly. "Look at all the details Peter, think about the whole picture. Charlie Swan tried to use us to make money to save his company then back out of our deal. Now that he's been caught he still thinks he can call the shots." Edward said getting annoyed just thinking about what the man planned on doing. "I see your point." Peter conceded. "I don't see how he didn't anticipate this happening. The company has been heading south for years." Edward commented. "I know. I still feel sorry for the man. He has had that company in his family for generations and to be the one that loses it must be a hard pill for him to swallow." Peter observed, thinking of how Swan must feel in the current situation. "It is a harsh world we live in my friend. And in business we cannot always be compassionate, or else everyone will use that as an excuse to walk all over us. Then we would find ourselves in a position not very different from Swan's. And if the roles were reversed don't think for a second that Swan would hesitate to destroy us. That is just the way business and the world as a whole works. We have to learn that in order to get to the top and stay there we have to make some hard calls." Peter nodded his head; there was definitely truth and wisdom in Edward's words. If anyone knew what it took to get to the top and stay there it would be him, after all he had been there for the last fifteen years. As Peter glanced over at Lizzie who was frolicking around while Emily kept a watchful eye on her; he decided to change the subject. "Edward, have you ever thought of marrying?" He asked as his eyes shifted from Lizzie to her father. Edward, who was caught off guard by the sudden change of subject, was very surprised by the question. However when he did finally answer his reply was a firm, "NO!" Peter observed him for a minute, his posture that a mere minute ago was relaxed was now tense and his face was marred with a deep frown. "Surely, you see the need for a woman in your life. It has been three years now since Lizzie's mother died. Lizzie is a young girl, and she needs someone besides her nanny, she needs a woman, a moth—" "I know that your intentions are good Peter, you have been a dear friend for many years. But there is nothing more to be said in this discussion. What Kate did to me was unforgivable and unforgettable; the only good she has ever brought into my life was Lizzie. Now I need no woman about the house, no companion for my future years. If it is my other desires that needs to be taken care of, rest assured that there are plenty of women to satisfy it without me putting a ring on their finger. What more do I need?" "Edward there is still Lizzie to consider." Peter said trying to get Edward to see reason. "As she grows and matures into a young girl, she will need a woman's guidance. She will need a mother's gentle touch, something that as much as you love and adore her, you cannot provide." "I am sure my mother will be happy to assist with that in whatever way she can." Edward replied getting annoyed with the direction this conversation was headed. "I think your time would be better spent looking into your own affairs than mine." Edward said with a tone of finality in his voice which Peter knew meant the end of the discussion.