saw a woman who could only be described as nothing less than beautiful. Her beauty was so ancient, if that's even a word to explain it. Her hair was curled perfectly and it hung down over her right shoulder. Her golden eyes bored into mine and I couldn't look away to check out the rest of her, but I was fine staring into her eyes. The gold fit her it complimented her beauty. I don't think I'd like red eyes on her very much. "…Is Japer, and his coven mate Rosalie Hale…" Carlisle voice came into my mind while introducing the woman I've been staring at for quite some time. "Hale?" My brother asked. I finally broke eye contact to glance at him and he seemed to be shaking. Rosalie nodded her head, her face scrunched up to show her confusion. "You were the one that went missing." He trailed off while staring at her. "You look just like your mother." Rosalie's eyes were wide, I'm not sure what she was feeling but I took the opportunity to look around at the room. Jasper was looking at me, his eyes flickered. And for a millisecond I cold see the red eyes that looked natural on him. The fuck. I was a little freaked out by the sudden change. He got up from the couch while everyone was talking and walked outside. I followed him, assuming he wanted to speak to me. We stopped only about two miles out from the house when Jasper turned around to look at me. "Listen, the job I'm doing is bigger than you. It's bigger than the Royals. After being here for some time there's something creepy about the coven. And I'm trying to get to the bottom of it. But in order for me to do that I need you to let Edward go, I promise he wont cause any more attention to the Royals, I'm aware that's your only job so I wont risk it. Just, I'm asking politely for you to stay out of my way." I thought hard about it. I wouldn't get in trouble if shit went down, they'd just kill this coven without a second thought, and they'd reign hell onto them with a thousand forms of torture and kill anyone in their way. Bad thing was, that I wouldn't get paid. "I'm not leaving empty handed." "If you need money, I'll give you some fucking money." I crossed my arms. Becoming impatient. "Listen, Jasper. Obviously the Royals like you, and that's great and all. But whatever you're supposed to be doing here isn't exactly working since they've sent my brother, and myself out to clean up whatever mess that boy is making. You know my brother is the best assassin the Royals have, and he was actually asking Carlisle for him, which is not like him. This boy is going to be worth money soon, the bounty on his head is already cutting half a million. So clean up whatever shit you have to. But if that price gets raised, I will kill him." He took a deep unneeded breath. "This is important Bella. They're doing something big. And you being here is blowing my fucking cover. Now, leave." I grated my teeth together before nodding. Whatever Jasper had to do obviously was making him sour. "How about this. There's a girl by the named of Angela Webber up in Alaska. She's a witch; she lives in Denali by another group of bambi eating vamps. If you can convince her to charm a ring for you, you can come back and help me with this. It should take you about a month tops. Deal?" "Do I get to kill Edward?" Jasper rolled his eyes. "Fucking shit. No, not until this is ready. Just get the fucking ring from her, come back, and I'll pay you double whatever the Royals offered." "How do I know you'll be true to your word." He clenched his jaw, his patience wearing thin. Good, I'm not the only one. "You can take my partner with you. She knows who Angela is." I nodded and started to walk off before he stopped me again. "Take your brother too. I don't want him anywhere near this house." "That's a lot of fucking baggage. You know I work alone, with me and my brother together we'd end up killing everyone in that damn area, your partner included. So how about this. I chase Edward, I kill him, I go home. Sounds better that way, don't you think?" "You seem a little irritable Isabella. What? Not having any of that good sex with those Lords anymore? What? Did they cut you off or something? You used to be so easy to convince. Now it's like trying to pull teeth with you." A growl rumbled low in my chest and I tried to keep my temper in check. Jasper is one of the best fighters I know. It would be futile to try and fight him. But damn if it wasn't taking all of my control to not jump and rip his throat out. "Watch your mouth Jasper." I growled, feeling my canines growing. "Right after you calm the fuck down, and work with me." I huffed and looked up at the gray sky. I guess I have nothing to lose, except for two guards who are somewhere around. "I have two guards who came with me. Can't really leave without them knowing." I thought for a second. "Yeah I'm just gonna take Edward out. Sorry." I started to walk away and Jasper grabbed my arm. "I'll take care of them. Ok? Just give me a day. They'll be gone ." I nodded my head. Hoping he wouldn't let me down. I was willing to help, but I wasn't trying to risk my life for it. BOOM, this is it. It's long I'm sorry. Please review, please, reviews are the only thing that motivate me to write more.