not open her eyes. She only mumbled, "Ayato-kun, get out. Aren't you supposed to be at school...?" Bella shut the door as quietly as she could, if she was human, her heart would be thumping against her chest, then dashed out of the corridor, trying desperately to find Edward. "Love!" a voice called to her, and Bella, relieved, turned around. Edward's arms wrapped around her. "What is it, love?" he asked warily, stroking Bella's hair. Bella shuddered, suddenly terrified of her sudden outburst. But the human smells so sweet, she thought longingly, then she was horrified at herself. What was she thinking?! "There's a human there, Edward. Surely you smelled her too?" Bella asked in a rushed voice, stopping herself from breathing so she wouldn't be able to smell the human. She hoped her vampiric instincts wouldn't get the better of her, next time. Edward shook his head, smiling. "Actually, I haven't breathed since the beginning of the trip," he replied, looking only slightly sheepish. Jacob suddenly appeared next to them. "Whew! This mansion is biiiiiiig! " he said in a loud voice, and Edward and Bella hurriedly shushed him, but no sooner had they done that than Emmett arrive, smiling broadly. Speaking in an equally loud voice, Emmett boomed, "Whoever owned this mansion must be rich! " Bella slapped her hand over his mouth, then pulled her hand back, slightly embarrassed, she hoped that the girl wouldn't hear her. Footsteps coming up behind them told them it was too late. "W-who are you?" a nervous, girlish voice said, the tone slightly frightened. All four spun around, startled, and the still-feverish-looking girl jumped back, terror on her face as she registered their fierce expressions of defense. Bella took a closer look at the girl. She was thin, but still very pretty, with curly, pale gold hair and unusual pink eyes. She was wearing a frilly pink nightgown and she was barefoot. "Who are you? " Emmett demanded, flexing his muscles and growling threatening, apparently not sensing that this girl was human. The girl let out a small scream of terror, and fled, but when she was about to disappear 'round the corner, the girl fell onto the ground. A moment later, a confused Alice came into view. Apparently, the girl had not noticed her and had collided with her, making her fall onto the ground. Her eyes were wide and terrified. Her head whipped from side to side. Just as Bella was about to say something, the girl's leg flung out and hit Alice, thrusting the woman back, and the girl got to her feet and ran. Alice was not hurt, only confused and dazed. Bella looked accusingly at Emmett, who smiled sheepishly. "We should go after her and tell her we were just exploring, in case she calls the police and the Volturi hear about it," Edward said, and took off after the girl, Bella following after him. The girl must know the mansion fairly well, since we haven't caught up to her, and its been thirty seconds already, Bella thought to herself, struggling to catch up to Edward, who was much faster than her. Just after she thought that, the blonde human girl came into view. The human girl turned around, let out a shriek, and turned a corner, disappearing. A full twenty seconds later, Bella and Edward found themselves near the entrance of the mansion. The girl was in the middle of the floor, panting. The two vampires quickly headed down the steps and walked up to her slowly. The girl spun around, eyes wide, and snatched up the nearest possible thing which could be used as a weapon- a heavy-looking hand bag. Edward slowly approached the girl, but once he was within reach, the girl swung the handbag and clocked him on the head, stunning him, but Edward did not fall down. Bella ran towards him, concerned, and the girl took a few steps back when she saw Bella's speed. Bella asked Edward if he was alright, and was reassured that he was only slightly dazed. Edward walked towards the human girl in a normal, human speed, and the girl took a trembling step back, raising her hands to shield her face as if she was expecting to get struck. "W-what are you doing here?" the girl said shrilly. "Who are you?!" "I am Edward Cullen, and this is my wife, Bella Cullen," he replied calmly, gesturing to Bella, who nodded, smiling in a non-menacing manner. The girl still looked very frightened, which was natural if you see a suspicious, well-muscled stranger advancing towards you. "Calm down, we're not here to hurt you! We just saw the mansion and decided to come in to look around. We didn't know that anyone was in here!" The human relaxed a little, though she still looked very apprehensive and wary, clutching her handbag very tightly. Her arms still shielded her face. Edward stepped forward and pulled her arms apart forcefully, and was about to push one arm down when the human used her other arm and made to slap him, hard, across the face. Bella wondered how she had so much strength to do that even though the girl looked like she still have slight fever. Edward caught the girl's hand before she struck him, and was about to wrench it down when a loud BANG! distracted them. It was the door. Being flung open. "Look, I don't really care what you do here, but can you kindly TAKE YOUR HANDS OFF MY PROPERTY?!" "Hm? Having a little fun, are you, Bitch-chan?" "Look, Teddy. Yui-kun's getting attacked by some weird people who broke into our house." Bella's eyes locked onto the three new males who just arrived. She inhaled sharply, and recognized their scent. Vampires. Aaaaaaaaand, CUUUUUT! Okay, I had to say that! Did you like it? Yes? Review! No? Review! BUT DON'T FLAME! Like I said, this is a Two-Shot, so please wait for the second part! ;)