"Turn around while I phase," he muttered. Bella did as she was told, and wasn't surprised when she turned at his prompting to find Jake and Jared both phased as well. Paul lowered his back so she could climb on, and when she was steady, he set off at a jog, Jake flanking him on one side, Jared on the other. When they reached the border, Bella's heart constricted when she saw Edward leaning against a tree, his eyes on her. His legs were crossed at the ankle, and he looked… well, he looked as perfect as he always had. "Why are you here?" she asked, tilting her head to the side when Paul stopped at the treaty line. Edward straightened up, stepping towards her. Paul let out a warning growl. "I missed you," Edward replied simply. "I couldn't stay away any longer. You… I can't live without you, Bella. I love you." "No… you don't." "I do," he insisted. "If this is about the last time… I lied, Bella, I lied. I love you more than anything on the planet. I love you, so much." "If you'd loved me, you'd never have left me, Edward." "I thought I was keeping you safe," he replied, his head dropping a little. "I was trying to make your life better." "That's bullshit," she murmured, making his head shoot up in surprise. "If you'd loved me even half as much as you say you do, you'd never have been able to leave me. Thing is, it doesn't matter anymore. I forgive you for leaving, Edward." "You do?" The crooked smile that had always made her melt appeared on his face, and he lifted a hand to beckon her to him. She shook her head. "You misunderstand me. I forgive you, but I don't want you. What we had… Edward, it was unhealthy. God, I changed everything about myself to make sure I was what you wanted. I let Alice dress me in clothes you would like, I changed my mannerisms to make sure that I was the proper lady for you… and you, you couldn't be yourself. Jesus, Edward, you could barely even kiss me without wanting to kill me. That's… nothing about us was healthy." "You… you don't want me? You don't love me anymore?" "You're my first love, Edward. Part of me, a very small part of me, will always be yours and yours alone. Now though… I've moved on." "You're an imprint," he whispered, and she rolled her eyes, tugging at Paul's fur. He huffed out an approximation of a laugh and she shook her head. "I've found my soulmate, Edward," she murmured. "If you give yourself chance, you'll find yours. I wish you every happiness in your future, but your future isn't with me. I'm sorry." He nodded. He seemed to hesitate for a moment, before he looked up and met her eyes. "May I hold you? One last time?" She slid off Paul's back, ignoring his warning growl, and stepped towards Edward. When he gently wrapped his arms around her, she hugged him back. "I'll always love you," he whispered in her ear. He pulled back and pressed a lingering kiss to her cheek before she stepped away from him. "I wish you every happiness. Goodbye, Edward." "Bella… goodbye." So, Bella got her closure, and we're almost to the happy ever… well, the happy part anyway. Of course, Sam watched the meeting through Paul's eyes, and he was as shocked as he was happy at watching his Isabella telling the Cullen boy that they were done. I'll return us straight to the story, where Sam is awaiting the return of his fair princess… well, something like that. Paul crouched a little so Bella could once more slide from his back. She moved straight into the waiting arms of Leah and Emily, letting them lead her into the house. Sam was sitting at the table, his eyes on her as soon as she entered. "I'm sorry," he whispered. "You saw?" she asked, raising her eyebrow at him. "I saw," he confirmed, holding a hand out for her to take. As soon as she did, he pulled her until she was standing between his legs, their eyes at a matched height for a change. "You never had anything to worry about, Sam. Even without the imprint… this belongs to you," she told him quietly, raising a hand to rest over her heart. His embrace was fierce and almost painful as he pulled her into his arms, wrapping himself around her as he buried his face in her neck. She could feel his tears dripping down her chest. Glancing at the others, she nodded for them to leave, winking at Paul when he looked a little worried. Stroking Sam's hair, she hushed him gently. "I thought I was going to lose you," he whimpered, pulling back to look at her. She wiped away the tears resting on his cheeks and cupped his face in both hands. "Never. I love you, Sam." The smile he gave her made the months of anguish worth it. He crashed their lips together, pushing everything he was feeling into it, and she melted against him. His lips brushing against hers, he said, "I love you, my Isabella. I love you." Annnnd that's a wrap. No, really, it's done. They mated shortly after this, and he marked her as his own, and they lived happily… for the most part. They argued and Bella sulked occasionally, Sam would spend a little time in the figurative dog house occasionally, but all in all, they had what Bella wanted. A real relationship. What they always had was love. Love of each other and love of the pack. One big, slightly dysfunctional, family. Marriage and kids were still a long way off for all of them, but it would come, eventually. That's for another storyteller to tell you though, because this one needs a drink. I'm hoarse from all this talking.