his family somehow found out that she had asked about them? She racked her brain trying to figure out what she had done wrong while the teacher handed out slides and another student placed a microscope on their table. It was something that she had already gone over at her last school so it should be easy for her. "You can go first," Edward said shoving the tray of slides across the table to her. She slid in the first one and she knew immediately what it was. She wrote down the answer before showing it to him. "Do you mind if I check?" "Go ahead," she said with a nod. He adjusted the lens before nodding in agreement. He put the next slide into place before writing down what it was. He showed her the answer and she pulled the microscope back to her. "Do you mind if I check?" "Be my guest," he said with a small smile. She checked it and noticed that he was right. She wrote it down and they slid the microscope back and forth until they were done, not questioning the other's work again. They were the first ones done and Edward walked to the front to turn in their work. Soon Edward was rising from his seat and seconds later the bell rang. It was almost like he knew that it was going to ring right then. How had he known that it was going to ring at exactly that second? Bella shook the question from her mind as she gathered her things. Mike leaned against the corner of her desk watching her. "Did you need something?" "Eric said that he noticed that you had P.E. last period when he looked at your schedule this morning. I thought that I would walk you since I have it too." "Thank you." "Did Cullen give you any problems?" "No. He was nice." "You're the first person to say that," Mike said with a laugh. "I had heard that they don't talk to anyone." "You're the first person I've seen him talk to all year." "He has been working by himself all year?" "And making straight A's," Mike said with a shrug. "Some people are just more comfortable working by themselves. I hope that I don't disrupt his routine," she said in a worried tone. Mike showed her to the girl's locker room before walking to the boy's locker room at the other end of the hall. She saw Jessica as she made her way through the sea of girls changing into their gym uniforms. Charlie had already bought her a gym uniform and a lock for her locker so all she needed to do was to find a free locker. After quickly changing she made it out to the gym just as the bell rang. She went through the routine of giving her schedule to the teacher and she saw that the class was divided into two groups. The boys were playing basketball while the girls were playing volley ball. She was terrible at volley ball. Her lack of knowledge when it came to volley ball was made known when she hit the ball and it went sailing off to the side and hit Mike in the back of the head. She gave him a sheepish look as she walked over to get it. "Sorry." "It's okay," he said with a laugh. "I told them not to let me play." "It's a requirement to pass the class. I can work with you if you want." "That's okay. I think the teacher is about to pull me out of the game," she said as she rolled her eyes. He laughed before turning his attention back to the basketball game. Sure enough, the teacher pulled her out of the game and made her run laps around the court. She watched the boys playing basketball waving at Mike as she passed. Someone caught her eye and she turned her attention to the person. Emmett Cullen was wiping his face with his shirt before pulling it back down. Not before she got a look at his well-defined stomach. He smiled and she smiled back before turning a corner on the court. He didn't seem so bad; he wasn't like his brother's that was for sure. She cast him a second look, still seeing him look at her. She noticed his eyes then, they were a dark shade, not really brown, almost black. She brushed the thought aside; she was probably just imagining things. The rest of the class passed without any more mishaps. She walked to her truck after going to her locker to pick up her books again. Her bag felt like it weighed ten pounds and she was struggling to get her door open and hold her bag at the same time. The truck rumbled to life with no trouble and people gave her weird looks as she pulled out of the parking lot. The truck did attract a lot of unwanted attention. The day had gone better than she had thought it would. She made a note to herself to call Jacob and tell him how things had gone. She had promised him that she would call him. That would have to wait until after she did her homework. She had noticed that the teachers liked to assign a lot of homework. That would be something that would take some getting used to. AN2: I wanted to add on to the summary but FF only gives you so much to work with so I'll put it here. Yes, Edward and Rosalie are to gether in this story. I have read stories where they were together and I promise that I will make it work. Also Jacob, Embry and Quil will not be joining the pack in this story which is a new concept for me. If any of you have any questions feel free to ask. I will ans wer whatever questions you might have.