began to rock as I desperately tried to keep myself from falling apart. My eyes felt swollen and my throat burned. I was suffocating. No air, no oxygen; nothing. The bench creaked as someone joined me and I felt a warm coat slip over my shoulders. The warmth emitting from the coat felt foreign against my weather beaten body. I felt even worse, forgetting that Edward had gone to get Emmett for me. I didn't know how he found me nor did I care. I was just relieved he was here and I was no longer alone. I let out a strangled breath and gasped for air that wouldn't come. "I can't breathe," I choked out. "Yes, you can." I shook my head and Emmett pulled me tightly to his body. "Shh, I've got you." He continued whispering soothing words until I was finally able to inhale and exhale without struggling in between. "I just want him back," I whispered, hardly audible. "I know. I want him back too." Emmett's voice barely sounded better than my own. I knew we could never get him back but at the same time, I knew we would never be alone. I looked up at the sky, knowing he would always watch over us. Emmett followed my gaze. His voice startled me when he called out into the dark sky. "Dad, I just want you to know that I love you and think the world of you. I'm sorry for all the times I've let you down over the years and I hope to be a better man with every day that comes. I hope to make you proud as you watch over us." Emmett looked at me and gestured with his eyes to the sky. "Dad," I choked out. "I really miss you." I hiccuped and tried to control my wild breathing. Emmett poked me in the ribs. "Pull yourself together, woman." Despite myself, I laughed, accompanied by a snort. The noise caught in my throat causing Emmett to shoot me a look of mock disgust and telling me to blow my nose in his jacket sleeve. "There are a hundred tissues in your pocket," I argued. He chuckled. "And they all have my snot on them. Feel free to use them if you really want to." I passed, opting to blow my nose into the sleeve of his jacket as lady-like a possible. "Dad," I tried again, finding my voice was steadier. "Again, I miss you and I love you. You were the greatest dad—scratch that, the greatest parent anyone could hope to have. You will forever be in my heart and I will always be your little girl." We sat in silence, watching as the stars appeared in the sky. I curled further into Emmett, resting my head on his shoulder and letting my eyes drift close. "I'm sorry for disobeying you and having sex before marriage," Emmett blurted out. My eyes opened to find Emmett's ashamed face. "Emmett!" "I'm sorry, it just popped in my mind. I know he gave you a similar talk but I can guarantee you the one he gave me was ten times worse. He scared me, Bella. Legitimately scared me with that talk." I felt my eyes widen as my mind clicked. I sat up straight. "Is Rose pregnant?" His eyes widened. "No. Goodness no. I was just apologizing to him. I've felt ashamed for years. Well, not really, but enough to need to apologize and confess to him now." I smiled and shook my head at him. His eyes held a spark of his traditional humor. "Do you need to confess anything, dear sister?" Though his tone was joking, a quick look at his face told me that behind his jokester attitude, protective big brother was about to come out and play. "Oh, no! I haven't let Edward know where I am. He's going to be worried." I avoided the question with a truthful worry. Emmett shut his eyes, lacing his hands behind his head. "He knows. I got caught up talking with Jimmy and when we finally made it outside, Renee was the only one out there." He cracked open an eye. "We both figured you made a run for it. As soon as we found you, he headed back to the house." I looked behind me, even though I knew Edward was long gone. "He's a good kid, you know," Emmett said casually. I snorted. "You're five years older than him, Em. He hardly counts as a kid." He dismissed my comment with a wave of his hand. I rolled my eyes and we sat in silence once again. It didn't take long for the sharp wind to find my exposed skin. Coldness painfully nipped my fingers and toes. "Em?" He hummed out loud but didn't open his eyes. "It's really cold out." He shot to his feet and threw his hands in the air. "Hallelujah, she gets her senses back." I rolled my eyes as Emmett pulled me to my feet. He shot me a look. "Seriously, Bella. My nipples could cut glass right now." I opened my mouth to scold him, stopping when I realized Dad would have laughed at the joke. Not outright and boisterous. He would have lifted the newspaper higher to cover his face and chuckled around the edge of his coffee mug. The pain and torment of the last few days had not left me, but I was able to handle it better with my brother at my side. We trekked back to the house, taking the softest path for my bare feet. Standing a foot taller than myself, Emmett wrapped his arms lazily around my shoulders as he always did. Though it had always been used as an insult to my height, I welcomed the gesture tonight. We looked up at the sky at the same time, sharing a smile as we knew our loving father, our fallen hero, would always be watching over us.