"Heartbeat is strong," one of the nurses said. "We need to take him to the NICU though to run some tests on his brain. He was down for over a minute." "Greyson," I whimpered. "We'll let you know as soon as we know anything, Mrs. Cullen. Right now, you need to focus on getting yourself back on track," the nurse pointed out with a wink. "Please go with him," Bella begged Edward. "He can't come in until we get little Greyson settled," the nurse said before she whisked him out of the room in the bassinet. "Baby, I'm so sorry," Edward repeated. "I heard you the first time you said it," Bella whispered. "You did? You were flatlined, Bella. I thought you…were gone." "Where were you?" she asked as one of the nurses finished cleaning her up. "We just need to hook you up to some fluids, Mrs. Cullen," the nurse said. You can sit back and relax, and as soon as the doctor clears it we'll see about getting you some food. Bella nodded and relaxed into the pillow, awaiting Edward's answer. "I was at Harry's," he said quietly, his head lowered in shame. "Why…Edward? I mean, I understand that you felt like you were trapped and that your life was about to change. I understand that. I've had nine months to get used to the idea of having a child. Nine months of carrying him in my belly. Nine months of raging hormones and not being able to enjoy a glass of wine or partying with our friends. It was sobering once we found out that I was pregnant." "I don't know. I can't explain it and there's no excuse for my behavior. I can't tell you how sorry I am. Will you please forgive me?" "It's going to be difficult to trust you again," Bella admitted with a yawn. "I'll do anything to earn your trust back, baby. You've given me everything and I'll never do anything to jeopardize that again. I thought…I thought I lost both of you. Bella, I can't live in a world where you aren't. You're too important to me," Edward stammered as a lone tear dripped from his chin. "Then you need to start showing me that, Edward. I know I'm not perfect, and the past few months I've done things that are questionable, but I'm blaming it on the raging hormones." "What do you mean?" he asked quietly. "Did you know that with the iOS7 update, iMessages now go to your iPad as well as your phone?" "Wh…what?" "They sure do and it was a complete accident that I found that out," Bella admitted. "I'm sorry that I looked at your iPad when it chimed with an incoming message, but you had your cover off and the message was displayed on the screen when it came through. I was making the bed and couldn't miss the words flashing on the screen." "Bella…baby, I didn't…" Bella cut him off with a tired glare and her hand raised in the air. "Did you cheat on me with that whore bartender?" "I didn't. I swear I did not cheat on you. I don't know why I was so attracted to her. I think she reminded me of you when you were younger. When we went out and had fun. Getting pregnant with Greyson was a mutual decision, but in the last few months I've felt completely trapped. I know I'm repeating myself, but I don't know how else to word it," he admitted, his face lowered in shame. Deep lines of regret lined his face. Bella hadn't noticed how much he'd aged in the past few months. She hadn't fully come to understand what happened to her or their baby today, but she knew that above everything else she was happy to be alive and have a baby as well. She said a quick prayer that the time that Greyson had been flatlined hadn't affected his brain function. In her heart, she knew that Edward hadn't cheated, and she also knew that they would get through this tough time in their marriage. The doctor came in and checked Bella over. He asked a dozen questions and ordered an MRI, but was certain that she was okay. She was alert, awake, and didn't seem to have any side effects from being physically dead. She knew that today would always be a special day and would celebrate her double revival with their son Greyson. . . . . One Year Later "Happy birthday, little man," Edward said to the chubby baby toddling around the kitchen. Greyson giggled and clapped happily as he shoved a plastic block into his mouth. "Happy birth day, baby," Edward whispered to Bella pressing a kiss against her temple. "Thank you for giving me a second chance," he said, rubbing the small bump that was already showing. "I knew we'd make it through," Bella agreed, placing her hand over Edward's on her belly. "Where's the birthday boy?" Renee squealed as she came through the door. Greyson screeched and waddled toward his grandma. "Oh you're getting so big." "My turn," Esme cried as she entered behind Renee. Carlisle, Charlie, Rose, and Emmett followed close behind. Balloons, presents, and laughing filled the home as they came together to celebrate Greyson's first birthday, Christmas, and Bella's life. Bella stood back at one point and smiled at her family. Edward had become an amazing father and spent as much time as he could with Greyson. He had more than proved his loyalty to Bella over the past year by signing them up for marriage counseling. He'd taken her out on dates at least once a month. He hadn't set foot in Harry's without Bella by his side. His family was the most important thing to him and everyone knew it. A/N: I hope you enjoyed it – even if you wanted to punch Edward repeatedly throughout the entire one-shot! Happy Holidays! See you all in 2014!