twinge of jealousy even as I gripped my cock harder. I wanted him to fucking beg me, writhe under my touch, come when I say he fucking can. Removing his hand from Seth's head, Jasper brought it up to Edward's throat, wrapping his large hand around it as he spoke in Edward's ear. "Put your hands on his head." Edward's hands flew to Seth's hair, gripping it tightly in his fists and grunting again when Seth hummed around his length. "Now, fuck his mouth, slave. I want to feel your ass rubbing against my cock as you slide down his throat." Jasper ordered. "But do not come." Edward complied but whined at his Master's last command, a strangled sound leaving his mouth. My dick was fucking throbbing by this point, so I gave up and unbuttoned my jeans, pulling myself and sighing in relief as I wrapped my hand tight around my swollen cock. I matched my strokes to the movement of Edward's hips as he fucked Seth's mouth relentlessly, the most delicious noises pouring out of him as he got closer and closer to his peak. Panting, I returned the smirk that Jasper gave me when he saw me stroking my cock, knowing damn well that he knew how much I wanted his sub. Only a few moments later, just as my cock began to pulse and balls tighten, Edward thrust forward into Seth's mouth hard before crying out. "Master...Master. Oh God, please, Sir... I need to come. Please let me come." "Mmm, my beautiful Edward, do you want to come?" Jasper taunted while biting down on Edward's earlobe. "YES! Master, please ," Edward was practically whining, so close to coming but desperately not wanting to disobey his Master. Without another word, Jasper grabbed Seth's hair and pulled his head back, effectively ripping his mouth from Edward's cock. "Pump your cock, Edward. I want to see you come on his chest." One, two quick strokes over his cock and Edward was roaring his release, leaning forward a bit to shoot across Seth's chest, painting the dark skin with his pearly come. I couldn't handle it, the visual and the sounds too much and I palmed the head of my cock with my other hand, growling lowly as I filled my hand with my cum. My hips jerked hard with each wave that left me and I fought desperately to keep my eyes open, not wanting to miss a single second of the amazing show taking place right in front of me. I came so fucking hard. Sagging back against Jasper's chest, he turned his head and kissed Jasper's cheek reverently. "Thank you, Master," he whispered breathlessly just as my body finished releasing the tension, relaxing heavily against the couch while my hands still held my softening dick. "Clean up your mess," Jasper commanded, gesturing toward the liquid that was dripping down Seth's chest and stomach. I watched, completely enthralled, as Edward immediately slid to the floor in front of Seth, dipping his head to Seth's abs and pointing out his tongue to lick off the come there. Dragging his tongue up to Seth's chest, he thoroughly cleaned every inch of Seth's skin his desire had touched before bringing his mouth to Seth's, the two sharing Edward's orgasm in a slow, sensual, open mouthed kiss. I had never seen anything more erotic in my entire life and I felt my spent cock twitch at the image. That night, I took matters into my own hands three more times, each time imagining the noises Edward made. However, in my fantasies, he made those noises from my touch, my collar around his neck, on his knees in my playroom. The next day, I called Jasper and set a meeting with him to start the process of taking over as Edward's Master. Although he was a 24/7 sub for Jasper, I didn't want to start him off that way with me, just in case our arrangement didn't work. So, Jasper and I decided that I would have one session with Edward, a trial of sorts, to see if it worked out. "I won't delve into his past with you," Jasper had said seriously, looking up from Edward's medical records. "It's his story to tell, if he so wishes but I will tell you that he needs a lot care. His Master needs to have a firm hand that can quickly become nurturing when it's needed. He's a lot of work, Carlisle, but I can promise you, he's completely worth it." I had realized then how much Edward had meant to Jasper. It was more than an arrangement and it was obvious that Jasper was deeply concerned for Edward's well being. After talking with Jasper about his limits and safewords, I had asked him about extended sessions. He told me that Edward had had extensive training and was used to all day play, only allowing breaks for nourishment and to relieve himself. Also, Jasper had mentioned that after long sessions, Edward would need a decent amount of emotional recovery time and comforting, the intensity too much for him to handle sometimes. Immediately, my brain had been flooded with images of holding him in my lap, nude and shaking from his orgasm, soothing his hair back as I waited for his tears to subside. Already having planned what I wanted Edward's first session with me to include, this had pleased me greatly. I couldn't wait to have him under my command. Bringing my thoughts back to the present, I stared at him as he kneeled in front of me, in perfect form though he was slightly shaking. I had anticipated this. A new Master, a new playroom, a new routine...he was afraid. That was okay, I could fix that. He just needed his mind taken off of his fear. I would happily give him a distraction. I'm not sure how often this will be updated, but I am currently working on the next chapter. Review?