laughed, but I could care-less. Rosalie Hale was not only freaking hot, but she was a mechanical genius. The perfect freaking woman. "Who is Rosalie Hale?" Bella was confused and I had to fill her in. "She is like the best freaking mechanic ever." Edward pulled out his wallet and showed her something. "That's Rose and my brother Emmett, her husband." He told her. "She's a mechanic?" Bella's voice held mild shock. "Yep. A damn good one too." Edward replied and I nodded in agreement. "Every waking male's wet dream." She said. "Only on the outside." He laughed and began showing her more photos. "That's my baby sister, Alice, and her husband Jasper." "Jasper Hale, holy crap." I couldn't hold back my excitement. "Wait Hale and Hale?" Poor Bella she really had no clue who these people were. And in the back of my mind passed all the excitement I couldn't help but think it was sweet that he wanted her to know who his family was, and what they looked like. "The Hale twins. Their Dad Peter used to drive for Nascar. Rose grew up around engines and Jasper grew up craving speed. They were great additions to the fucking team." I noticed at this point Bella was no longer correcting his language, a sure sign she was wrapped up in the moment and not knit picking. "But your brother and your sister married the twins?" "Yep." "Freaky. It's kinda like Grease, where the Pink Ladies can only date T-birds and vice versa? Did they run out of Hales for you Cullen?" Thankfully he found my sister's sense of humor funny and laughed. "No, there's another Hale, but he's not my type. It works though. Perfect matches and what-the-fuck-ever. I couldn't imagine them with anyone other than who they are with." "That's sweet, Cullen, who knew you had it in you." I knew she was caving in that moment. She had this goofy grin on her face. The fact that he seemed to love his family so much was enough to warm Bella's heart, even if she wasn't ready to admit it to herself yet. "Don't let it get around, I'd hate for my bad-ass rep to get tarnished." He joked, with another side grin and for some reason Bella squirmed in her seat a little. "Be right back." Bella excused herself. "Hey, Edward?" I grabbed his attention while Paul Blart played in the background. "Yeah, kid?" "Hurt her and I'll take my baseball bat to your kneecaps." "Noted, kid." We shared a moment and from the way his eyes drifted back towards the picture of Bella and Dad on her high school graduation day, and the soft grin that played on his face, I knew he was completely gone on her. After that it was a rollercoaster. In all honesty there were points where I would have understood if he walked away. Though one day it was like a light bulb went off over her head and she finally got that Edward really wanted her, and that it was ok to let herself love him. After that, it was all about getting Faith to warm up to my sister. I swear a baby never hated someone as much as Faith hated Bella. It worked out in the end between the two of them. Who would have thought all it would take to get that little girl to love my sister was... Back to present time… "Earth to Seth?" Edward taps me on the shoulder. "You there, kid?" "Yeah, just lost down memory lane," I explain. "Well, jump out of it. Your bride is getting ready to walk down that aisle." "Hey, Edward?" "Yeah, kid?" "Thanks." "For what?" "For being my best man, being my best friend and for always being good to my sister and teaching me how to be a man worthy of my Heidi." I swear he got a tear in his eye as I whisper that only he can hear. "No need for thanks. I've loved every minute of it, and can't wait for the rest of the ride. Plus, you are the best kid brother I could have ever asked for." He claps me on the shoulder and leans over and whispers in my ear. "Thank you too, kid. For being you. Now let's grow a pair and get this wedding on. Last thing we need today is to get weepy, Emmett would never let us live it down." "So fucking true," I reply. "Language, kid, language." I laugh just as the music starts to announce the bride walking down the aisle. I can't hold back the smile as she walks towards me. I can only hope that our ride is going to go as well as Bella and Edward's. In the end, if we can hit the bumps and still land back on the seat like they have, then I know I will be able to say that I've loved to the fullest and would never regret a moment of it. Edward's advice from when I asked him the secret of a happy marriage plays in my head as I watch her kiss her father, "When you kiss, remember it could be the last time, so make it count; when you hold her, remember how empty your arms felt without her there, and always love her to the extreme, don't hold back. Holding back is what leads to regrets." As I take her hand in mine I give it a squeeze. While my Mom and Dad couldn't be here, I had the best substitute family ever with me. And I know that no matter where our ride goes, they will be with us along the way. I say my vows, aloud and promise in my heart to always love her the way Edward loves Bella. To the extreme. AN: If you have questions about my stories and the updates or lack there of please read my profile or my blog for more info.