like a puppy dog this year," he promised with an innocent look. Bella had to hold back the urge to laugh when he called himself the nickname that Leah had branded him with last summer. Hopefully Jared wouldn't make any of the references that he was so famous for this year. "Who's your cabin mate this year?" "I'm sharing with Leah again," she said with a grateful sigh. "Lucky you; I'm stuck with a newbie. His name is Jasper Whitlock and he's not much of a talker." "There's nothing wrong with that. Which one is he?" "The blond; I swear, the dude creeps me out." "Give him a chance. He doesn't know many people yet." Mike didn't have a chance to respond because Sue and Harry stepped onto the stage and Harry blew into the mic sending feedback screeching from the speakers. Everyone quieted down and Sue suggested that everyone find a seat. "For those of you who are new, welcome to Camp Blackhawk. I'm Harry and this is my wife Sue and we are happy to have you here. We want to take a little while to have everyone introduce themselves and explain to everyone else what exactly you'll be doing this summer. We'll start with the front row and work our way back," Harry said as he nodded to Leah. "Thanks, Dad for throwing me under the bus first. I'm Leah and I'll be teaching any of the kids who need it how to swim and I'll also be a lifeguard. I'll be the one heading up the many camping trips that we will take this summer," Leah said before sitting back down. Sam, Jared, and Paul were next and they would be manning the clean up crew that the kids would be a part of every weekend. Sam would also fill in whenever he was needed. Jessica and Angela would both be teaching arts and crafts for the younger kids. Embry stood up next then turned to face everyone. "I'm Embry and I'll be the head lifeguard this year," he said before sitting down. "I have a question," Jessica said from the next row. "Yes, Jess?" Sue asked. "Embry, are you a certified lifeguard?" "Yep," he said proudly. "So you can like administer CPR and mouth to mouth and stuff like that?" "Yes," he said slowly. "I bet somebody fakes drowning this year," Jessica said mischievously. The room erupted in laughter and it took Sue a good thirty seconds to get everyone under control again. "Jake, you're up," Harry said. "I'm Jake and I'll be keeping the kids busy and make sure that they crawl into their bunks at night wishing that they had never come here. Oh, and I'm also heading up the sports activities with Emmett." There were a few chuckles and then Bella stood to face everyone else. "How am I supposed to follow that?" she asked Sue and Harry over her shoulder. "You know that he likes to show off, just ignore him," Sue said with a shake of her head. "I'm Bella and I'll be teaching the kids basic cooking skills." "I have a question," Alice said from the back row. "Go ahead," Harry said. "Do you also offer cooking lessons for us counselors?" "I can." "Great, than you and I can talk later." Bella sat down then jabbed Jake in the side, he draped an arm over her shoulders, pulling her to him. She rested her head on his shoulder as Quil stood behind her. "I'm Quil and I'll be teaching the kids basic survival skills and I'll be helping Leah with the camping trips." The red head that Bella had seen talking to Alice and Rosalie's boyfriends stood next and he gave them a nervous smile before clearing his throat. "Is it alright if I speak for Jasper as well? He's shy," he explained to Harry and Sue. "Sure," Harry said with a nod. "I'm Edward and he's Jasper, and we'll both be teaching music." Edward sat down then it was Alice's turn. Bella looked over her shoulder feeling someone watching her as Alice explained that she would be helping Sue in the infirmary. Bella's eyes searched the row behind her starting at the opposite end. Her eyes met Edwards who was sitting directly behind Jacob. She gave him a polite smile before turning around. She could still feel his eyes on her and with it a wave of uneasiness washed over her. Rosalie rounded out the group explaining that she would be working in the coral. Harry reminded everyone that he would be posting their jobs for the week for the preparation of the camp in the morning before dismissing them. Quil and Embry headed off to the cabins together but Jacob hung back getting the feeling that something was wrong with Bella. They walked back up the hill together silently before he finally confronted her at the fork that led to the guys cabins. "Is something wrong?" "It's probably nothing," she said, trying but succeeding in pushing her doubts away. "What is it?" "The guy who was sitting behind you was staring at me. Something didn't feel right," she said with a shake of her head. "Edward? He's my cabin mate. He didn't say much to me so I don't know much about him. He was more interested in unpacking and getting settled in than making small talk," Jacob said with a shrug. "Like I said, it's probably nothing." "I'll see you in the morning," he said pulling her to him. She hugged him tightly and he kissed her forehead before letting go. He waited for her to continue up the hill to make sure she made it up okay before heading up the path to his cabin. He tried to shake the feeling of worry but he couldn't. Bella wasn't the type to worry over something small. He would keep an eye on Edward and if he noticed anything out of the normal he would act accordingly.