of my nose, tired beyond belief from all the curve balls that have been thrown at my orderly plans within the last twenty-four hours. I eventually decide to merely go over the issue in the back of my mind for now, knowing my vampire mind will continue to make theories and attempt to sort out what this girl is based on the information available, while the forefront of my thoughts are taken up by other things. I simply hope that Aro will be able to bring some clarity to this entire clusterfuck. "Jane, Felix, sit down and be silent," I order not bothering to look at either of them. Instead I turn to look at the girl again trying to come up with a way to make her respond enough to consume something. Alec interrupts my thought process. "Master Caius?" he questions softly. "Yes?" I hiss out in response, my impatience not at all subtle within my tone. "I have an idea to possibly wake the human, and it won't harm her further, my lord." Slowly I turn to face him one eyebrow arched to further indicate my patience is short but that I am listening. "Perhaps we could pour cold water on her face, Master Caius. That always seems to be the option used by humans themselves on television and in novels." Thinking quickly for a moment I nod in agreement. I am not one for television generally but I know the twins enjoy watching it, Jane in particular showing the age she was changed at with her love of 'Saturday Morning Cartoons' whatever they were. I cannot see the harm in this option as long as we dry the human off immediately afterwards. It would not do to have her become ill before she has lived out her purpose. "Finally a practical suggestion," I state standing and moving to sit across from the human girl. "Alec, go retrieve me a vessel of water and a cloth." He quickly does so, thankfully before retreating to his sister's side. It makes me immeasurably glad that Alec and Jane came as a package deal so to speak, as dealing with Jane's temper without her brother's calming influence is not something I wish to deal with in addition to everything else going on at the moment. Holding the plastic cup that Alec has given me I figure there is no real finesse required for this and I splash the water in one smooth movement on the girl's face. She immediately starts in place blinking a couple times at me before you can see the residence of a soul once again take up behind her eyes. She looks extremely confused and there is a dash of hurt as though asking what she had done wrong to deserve cold water poured on her. I shove the towel towards her before she can speak or look around at all. "Dry yourself off," I order sternly as she takes the proffered item. I then go on to add- for there is no use in causing this obviously fragile minded human added stress until we get what we wish from her- "you haven't responded to anything for the last four hours. You must eat." With that I drop the tray into her lap, which she quickly reaches out to steady, and return to my previous seat. She watches my departure blinking owlishly a few times before letting out a soft "Thank-you." If I had not been a vampire I would not have heard the sentiment. Of all the things thanking me? The vampire in charge of her kidnapping and being hauled to a different continent and the girl is thanking me. I shake my head at the ridiculousness of it. A little while later she still has not done more than move the food around the plate, her hair curling ever-so-slightly due to the moisture left over from her wake-up call. "Child, you must actually consume the food in order for it to have any value, not merely stare at it." I finally state my exasperation apparent in my tone. She looks up at me then, surprised, before her face completely flushes and she ducks her head. I can smell the rush of blood to the surface of her cheeks and it looks surprisingly charming on the creature. "Sorry," she murmurs before actually eating a forkful of food. I nod sharply and turn back to my papers. Any other human in this situation would be making an unholy racket demanding to know where we are going and what their fate is to be, but not this girl. Her strangeness puts me ill at ease and I can only hope Aro will know what to make of her. AN: Hello, all. This is my first dive into Twilight fanfiction and I hope you are as captivated by the Volturi as I am. Firstly, I want to say this is the first piece that I've felt the need to write for years, as I lost my writing support group when I moved and so have been completely unmotivated. I'm hoping, with encouragement, your thoughts, opinions, critiques and ideas I'll be able to finish this piece making it something to be proud of. Warning though this will have Bella with Marcus, a significantly older vampire so if you don't like the age difference please do not read this. Also, this story will eventually have an M rating please keep that in mind- there will be blood, death and sex. And, like a male from a previous time period Marcus will be quite dominant in nature around Bella. In no way will he harm her or disrespect her, he's just going to be very protective and possessive too. In this story Aro did not kill Didyme, nor have her killed. You'll find out more about that situation with time. So, please tell me your thoughts. Should I continue this? Does it sound interesting so far? Please let me know. ~Dolphin Dreamer