ruined my mind. "I love it when you hit deep like that," he panted. "Makes me tingle all over." I knew that if he continued to talk that way I would never last, so I shifted, moving him away until his back rested against my desk. His entire body fucking rolled, grinding in a way that no sixteen-year-old should ever know, much less perform it with such skill. My stomach muscles clenched tightly as I shivered, my eyes falling shut as I fought back my orgasm once again. He never failed to bring me to orgasm quickly, much quicker than I –or my wife- ever could. A tiny part of me lurched when that thought crossed my mind, wondering what it was that he had done to me to make me so God damn… useless. So hollow and empty with everyone else but him. It was his fault I was the shell of the man I used to be. He was the reason that I no longer had morals or any sense of right and wrong. It was his voice I heard in my ears when I pushed my wife face down into the bed, thrusting into her heat and wishing it was him. His fucking voice, always encouraging me to just 'give in', give him what he wanted. 'Give up' is what he'd really meant. Give up everything I had worked for and cherished and worshipped. The only thing I worshipped anymore was him. He was just so fucking good. "Please, Mr. Whitlock…" I felt a bubbling of disgust in the pit of my stomach that counteracted the way my desire spiked every time he said my name like that. That one remark almost brought back those morality issues, almost reminding me that I was just a sick fuck, like Aro, that was taking advantage of a boy … But then he clenched his inner muscles around my throbbing erection and the hate I felt for myself disappeared and I didn't even mourn the loss of it. With a growl, I wrapped my arm around his waist and stood, my pants pooling around my ankles and my chair flying backwards with the quick motions. Sliding his torso onto my desk, all of my work scattered to the floor when I pushed him forward, resting his ass on the edge and immediately thrusting into him hard. "God, fuck," I grunted. Amazingly, he was much tighter that way, his muscles sucking me in so deep that I was sure we were joined forever. That would have been fine with me. I gave him no recovery time, throwing his legs over my shoulders and gripping his thighs so I could pound into him as hard as possible. I was so fucking close. "Yeah…give it to me." To some, his words might have been ridiculous or cliché, but they forced me to fight the urge to sink my teeth into his thigh and come. So filthy, the way he whispered them and I felt the goose bumps on my skin even as sweat rolled down my back. After all, it was his words that had started this in the first place, cornering me in the bathroom to whisper dirty things in my ear, how much he wanted to ride my cock and how good he was at it. "This is wrong, Edward," I had said the day I decided to give up the fight. "So fucking wrong. I'm married. You're sixteen. " Licking his way up my throat, he had chuckled, "Trust me, when I'm bouncing on your cock, you won't be thinking about my age. Or your wife." Maybe if I had known how right he had been… no, I wouldn't have stopped even then. And then he was coming, his ass tightening around me repeatedly as he thrashed and writhed and fucking moaned like a whore, the sounds contrasting with the look on his face. It was one of pleasure, of course, but he was so God damn open when he came, the last shred of his innocence that he still held shining through, his vulnerability scratching at the surface, reminding me that this wasn't okay and he wasn't my partner or my lover or my equal. He was a boy. And I was a married man. But I was coming too so I couldn't be bothered with insignificant thoughts like that. With a roar, I slammed into him one last time, stilling my hips with my cock deep inside him as I filled the condom with my pleasure, or my shame, depending on how you looked at it. Each spurt that left me threatened to destroy my carefully constructed wall that blocked out the beliefs I had been raised with and the year that was on his birth certificate. I reined it in though, walking that fine line between euphoria and insanity. When I was spent, I collapsed on him, my forehead hitting his chest as I fucking heaved and shuddered. Before I could stop myself, I had started lapping at his smooth stomach, cleaning up his cooling come with my tongue and loving the way it slid down my throat, my reminder that I was the reason it was there in the first place. "So fucking hot," he murmured, tugging gently at my hair. "Dirty old man." My lips stuttered on his skin but I quickly recovered and kissed his belly button, refusing to let him see that, even though his voice had been teasing, his statement would forever haunt me. Because it was true. I was a dirty old man. I was a pervert and a cheater and a liar. I was no better than any of the others that had taken part in ruining his innocence. Actually, I was worse because I knew that what we did was wrong and I didn't care. But when he pulled me up for a lingering kiss, I squashed those thoughts like I always did. They wouldn't change anything, anyway. Review?