his palms, gripping the edge of the desk. I stroked him slowly and tenderly, hoping to tease him almost as much as he had teased me. "Do you like that?" I whispered before taking his lobe in my mouth, nipping at the smooth confines of his skin. He didn't need to respond as I felt him throb hotly in my hand. Not that it mattered. I couldn't wait to have him inside me. "Do you have a condom?" "Uh... fuck . Yes." He fumbled and looked down towards his pants. He searched through each pocket until he smiled triumphantly with a wallet in his hands. He pulled the condom out, quickly ripped it open and placed it on himself. I couldn't help but moan at the site of him rolling the condom on. I had always thought that that was sexy. "Hurry up already." I seethed and he plunged into me. I screamed through the mixture of pain and pleasure. Edward was slightly larger than I was used to but the pain was worth it as he began thrusting in and out of me. It was one of the most intense feelings I had ever felt, him throbbing inside me, filling me completely, our bare thighs brushing. I was oddly entranced by the sight of the muscles in his legs straining at our angle. For me, sitting on the edge of the desk, it was obviously comfortable but he stood at the edge, bent at the knees as he tried to get deeper and deeper. As if that was possible. "Do you like that? Can you feel what it's like to finally be sated?" He growled. I held back the whimper that threatened my lips and quickly pushed my hips into his, trying to meet his thrusts. "I've had better." I gripped onto his shoulders as my words fueled him to rock into me even harder. "Oh God." I cried. I wasn't sure that I could last much longer. There was no comparison to any other sexual encounter that I had had. It had reached such epic proportions that I could hear intense violin music inside my brain. It sounded oddly like my ringtone. " Holy frick. " I shrieked. That was my ringtone. "Yeah." Edward grunted. "No!" I cried and reached into the pockets that hung on my dress before finally locating my phone. Edward had frozen, mid-thrust, looking scared and I realized that he had probably thought that he was hurting me. "Keep going." I gripped his shoulders and pulled him back into me as I hit ANSWER on my phone. "Hello?" I said trying to sound as calm and moan-less as possible. "Is this Isabella Swan?" A gruff woman's voice came out of my receiver. "This is she." I was becoming breathless again as Edward reached down swirling his fingers around my clit. "Sorry to call so late…where you sleeping?" She asked suspiciously. "Not at all. " I gritted my teeth, trying to hold in my moan as his fingers began pressing against my bundle of nerves. "But it is kind of late." Despite doing my best to hold off, I knew I was going to come soon. I couldn't let it happen on the phone. "Did you need something?" "I need something—" Edward smirked, his voice purposely loud. I cupped my hand over his mouth, muffling the rest of his comment. "Well I'm calling from the New York Times. " " Yes." Not much longer. One thrust . "We just wanted to let you know," Two thrusts . "That we were picking up your latest article." Three thrusts . "It'll be on the front page of the Sports section tomorrow." Boom. " That's amazing !" I whimpered as my orgasm blew through me, clenching down on Edward, curling my toes and electrifying my body until I was sure that my hair was standing on edge. He pounded his fist on the table and screamed against my hand as he released inside of me. "I can't wait." I gasped and pushed Edward off of me. "Thank you." I hit the END button and plopped off the desk on shaky legs. He tried to help me but I pushed him off. "That was adequate. I guess." I mumbled, meaning the exact opposite. But I couldn't let him think that he had gotten the best of me though. I got to the floor, purposely showing him my bare ass and pushed all my things into my purse then stalked over to the door. "Lock the door on your way out. Oh, by the way, you and your little linebackers might want to read the New York Times tomorrow. They'll be in it." I didn't turn around to look at his stunned face, figuring that what I saw in my mind was better than any face he could've actually made. It wasn't until I was almost at my dorm that I turned into an alcove, stopping to lean against the wall and was finally able to catch my breath. Alright guys, so it's been a while and unfortunately Scandal in the Infield is on an indefinite hiatus. But you how no need for fear for this story, I have this one completely planned out so there's nothing for you to worry about. This story will be updated once a week on Wednesdays. As for now, I hope you guys like the new story. Tell me what you think! Anyone who reviews will be messaged a teaser of the next chapter, which is in Edward's POV for anyone who's anxious for it. We're going to find out more about Edward and Bella's past from him and we'll be seeing more of Rose and Emmett. I hope you guys liked it, especially the dirty bits ;) and review, if you have any suggestions or requests, I seriously read every single review and take everything you guys say seriously so let me know. So now hit that little button and let me know!