coating my fingers. I inched one finger in him, pumping it in out and smoothly until he got impatient and I added a second finger, pushing in a little harder to reach his prostate. Eventually, I moved to three fingers, moaning when he started writhing, fucking my hand and whimpering softly. I took him back in my mouth, scraping my teeth gently along his length. "Jasper, I can't take it, I'm going to come," he warned but I didn't move. I wanted him to come. I wanted to feel his release spill down my throat. I wanted to know that I, and I alone, brought him pleasure. True to his word, on the next brush of prostate, I felt his warm release flood my mouth, sliding down my throat thickly. I swallowed around him, prolonging his pleasure and not spilling a drop. As he was coming down from his high, I sat back up and lifted his legs, smiling when I felt how limp his body was. Slinging his legs over my arms, I guided my cock into him, savoring every last inch as it was enveloped in his slick hole. He moaned loudly as I filled him, his spent cock twitching against his thigh. "Come here, baby," I whispered, releasing one his legs to cup my hand around the back of his neck. I pulled him up to me, positioning him so that he was sitting on my cock with his legs wrapped tight around my waist. His arms encircled my shoulders, his lips meeting mine again and again as I waited for him to adjust to my size. I was also trying not to come too quickly, my body so keyed up from our rendezvous earlier that day and the two week separation that I was already on the verge of orgasm just by feeling his ass around me. My hands found his hips, my fingers still slippery from the lube struggling to grasp him. Finally, I made purchase, gripping him tight and lifting him off my cock only to slowly let him slide back down. "Oh God," he moaned. "Sshhh, baby. We don't want your mom almost catching us again." I chuckled and he groaned when the rumble made my cock twitch inside him. "Please…" I thrust into him again deeply, long, full strokes that had him biting his lips to stifle his noises. That was another thing I wouldn't miss. Once he and I lived alone, I could make him scream as loud as I wanted. Edward was always very responsive in the bedroom, his pleasure so unrestrained that it took my breath away. I had only been able to hear it a few times, if his parents were out of town or if we had snuck away to our meadow, and I couldn't wait to hear it every night as I made love to him. I wasn't sure how much time passed, minutes? Hours? I couldn't tell. The euphoric feeling of our being buried deep inside melding everything together. The only sounds in the room were a small fan in the corner of the room and our symphony of sex; heavy breathing, whispered moans and hushed curses. When we weren't whispering to one another, our lips were fused together, the full body contact making everything so much more intense. I was getting close and I knew he was too but I tried to fight against the inevitable. I just wanted to stay there, inside him, in his arms, forever. "Jazz…" he mumbled into the kiss and I felt the bolts of pleasure shoot down my spine. "I love you. Love you so much, Edward," I panted, my fingers digging into the skin that covered his ribs as I got closer and closer to release. "My Jasper… love you forever." Thrusting faster, I tucked my face in the crook of his neck and clenched my eyes shut, trying to stave off my orgasm until he had reached his. He just felt so God damn good and those two weeks apart had felt like lifetime. My control was too thin so I gently bit the skin that covered his pulse point, doing everything I could to push him over the edge. Growling, he slammed down on me one last time and his entire body tensed. I pulled my head back, needing to see him reach that euphoric feeling from my touch. He came silently, his head thrown back and his mouth open in a perfect 'O' as he ground down against me harder than before. I felt his cock twitch against my stomach before his warm juices spilled out onto my skin in five strong bursts. The muscles in his neck strained as he rode his orgasm, his fingers digging into my shoulders so hard, I thought he might draw blood. I wouldn't have noticed, though because as soon as his inner walls clamped down on me, I was coming with him, my release shooting into the condom as I grunted and bit my tongue to stop the scream that was trying to leave me. I continued thrusting shallowly, shuddering as the last bit of my orgasm rushed through my body, soft moans falling from my lips. Still breathing heavily, he touched his lips to mine sweetly, silently telling me all the things I already knew. He loves me. He wants me. He'll always be mine. My lips told him the same. All we had to do was make it through the next two months. No more small town, small minded assholes, no more hiding, no more sneaking around. We would be free to be ourselves, free to love one another openly. I never expected to find my soul mate at fifteen years old in the small town of Forks, but I had. He was my life, my reason for breathing and living each and every day. And he always would be. "Two months, love," he whispered, still trying to calm his breathing. "Two months, baby." Review?