safe?" she asked, shrugging her eyebrows suggestively. "No, he did not take me to the back and ravish me," she said, knowing what Alice was implying. "Then what was the hold up?" "There was a line Alice. It was a mad house." Alice gave her an aggrivated sigh before pushing away from the counter. Alice had been giving Bella the hard sell on Edward ever since she found out that Edward had his eye on her. Bella wasn't ready for a relationship, right now she wanted to put all of her time and energy into the diner. XXXX Bella juggled three boxes and a paper bag as she walked down the street. At least the firehouse wasn't far, only two blocks west of the diner. If had been any farther she would have needed to take her car. The firehouse loomed in front of her and she could see a few of the men and a couple women out front washing one of the firetrucks. One of the women noticed her and made her way over to her. "Can I help you?" "I'm from the diner a couple of blocks over. A few of you came and helped put out a fire while I was out yesterday. I just wanted to say thank you," she said holding up her packages. "Come on in," The woman said before walking into the station. She gestured to a table and said that she could sit everything down there. "What's your name?" "Bella, and what's yours?" "Rosalie. I'll tell the chief that you're here," she said before walking up the stairs at the back of the room. Bella emptied the contents of the bag on the table as the group from outside made their way in. A couple of them stopped at the table and she smiled as she briefly glanced at them. Her attention was on the man coming down the stairs behind Rosalie. "I'm Chief Cullen, how can I help you?" "A few of your men came and put out a fire in my diner yesterday, so I brought over some food as a way to say thank you. Are any of them here?" "Let me go and see," The chief said before walking away. "Is all of this just for them?" Rosalie asked. "No, it's for everyone," Bella said with a quick shake of her head. "Thank you. These savages have no manners, Emmett and his crew should have first dibs," Rosalie said smacking a wayward hand that reached into one of the boxes for a cookie. A group of men came from the back of the garage flanked by chief Cullen. Her eyes drifted over the men and she was able to single out Jasper from the way Alice had described him, right down to his short mop of blond hair. The chief introduced each of them and Bella thanked each of them individually. "This wasn't neccessary Miss Swan, Alice sent more than enough back with us yesterday," Jasper explained. "I know, but I wanted to come and thank you personally and I didn't want to show up empty handed." "Dig in everybody," Chief Cullen announced. Bella stood back while everyone got their fill and answered whatever questions they had. She felt someone's eyes on her and she searched the room until she saw Emmett. He had been the one to stay behind to make sure everything was okay along with Jasper. He wasn't bad looking, even if he wasn't her type. Emmett made his way to her and her eyes met his in gratitude. He smiled graciously before saying what he needed to say. "It's nice to finally meet you. Alice went on and on about you for a good twenty minutes yesterday," he said with a jovial laugh. "She has a tendancy to do that. She could recite the phone book and she'd be able to hold someone's attention." "She sure had Jazz's, he's planning on going back this afternoon and he wasn't planning on leaving until she agreed to go out on a date with him." "Well he won't have to wait long, but you didn't hear that from me," Bella said with a light laugh. They talked for a few more minutes before Alice texted her wondering when she was coming back. She extended an open invitation to them that they could come in whenever they wanted and eat for half price before leaving. Not before getting Jasper's number for Alice since he had been too awestruck to remember to give it to her yesterday. Emmett offered to drive her back in one of the firehouse SUV's and she graciously accepted. Alice was at the window when they pulled up and Emmett waved with welcoming smile. She waved back excitedly as Bella got out of the truck. Alice smacked her arm with a guffaw and Bella gave her an even look. "I didn't even think that he was your type," she said in astonishment. "He's not, but he'd make for a great friend. I got something for you," she said reaching into her purse. She held the piece of paper with Jasper's number on it just out of Alice's reach when Alice tried to snatch it from her. "I didn't think that southern gentleman were your type," she teased. "I'll make an exception for him because he is fine as hell," Alice retorted, singing the last three words. "Here," Bella said with an eye roll. Alice snatched the paper from her before taking her place behind the counter. Bella went back to the kitchen to find Ronnie at work on the wall. The vegetable shipment had come in along with the soda shipment so she went through the vegetables while George loaded the soda into the soda fountain. Things were as normal as they could be. Little did Bella know that a certain fireman was planning a way for her to notice him. She had made an impact on Emmett, even if she hadn't realize it.