wasn't usually this forthcoming with information about himself then again he'd never met a girl who mattered as much as she did. His stomach had been doing back flips since he had kissed her and now that he was touching her again his skin felt ablaze where their hands and arms touched and an electrical charge surged through his body. Bella couldn't remember the last time she had felt so at ease around someone that she'd just met. She now understood the feelings that she'd been having ever since Emmett had invited her earlier in the week. Her mind was reeling and her body was hyper aware of Jake's close proximity to her. If she leaned only a few inches she could kiss him again. Should she kiss him again? She mentally shook her head before leaning in, she'd worry about the reprocutions later. Her hands fisted into his hair once more, if anyone was going to pull away first this time it was going to be her. His arms wound around her neck and he pulled the elastic from her hair and unwound it gently. She laughed lightly against his lips but was cut off by his tongue. He moaned into her mouth as her tongue massaged his gently. He hadn't wanted to make another move because he wasn't sure if she would let him but he liked that she was assertive enough to initiate things. The back door opened and closed but neither of them heard it. The footfalls across the yard were ignored as well. The person watched them in amusement, biting back the urge to make their presence known. "Emmett, get back in here!" Alice called from the door. Bella pulled away slowly, bracing an arm on Jake's shoulder. "How long have you been standing there?" she asked breathlessly. "Long enough to see you acting like a wanton hussy. I love the hairstyle by the way," he said with a snicker. "Screw you," she said with a laugh. "Well, at least you don't have to introduce me to your make out buddy. Hi, Jake," he said with a wave. "Is there a reason why you're bothering us?" "Jasper and Alice are ready to go but neither of them had the nerve to come out here." "You can stay if you want," Alice said from the door. "Or, you can borrow my truck and bring it back tomorrow," Emmett offered. "I'll take option two," Bella grumbled. "That means you might get lucky tonight, dude. Hey, hey, hey!" Emmet sang. "Just go get your keys," she said in embarrassment. Emmett walked away and they watched him go. Jake shook his head in amusement until the door shut behind Emmett. "Are you sure he's gay?" "I'm positive. He had a crush on my dad for the longest time. Thank God he got over that, I can't imagine Em as my step dad." "So, I might get lucky tonight?" "If you play your cards right, so far the odds are in you favor," she said, her voice dropping an octave. "I'll be back. I've gotta stop Red before she leaves." She watched him jog through the yard and up the stairs. She fell back against the swing with a sigh. She couldn't believe that she had been so blunt with him. Yes, the thought of sleeping with him had crossed her mind but she hadn't wanted to let him know that. She wasn't the type of girl who slept with a guy that she'd known only a couple of hours. Edward had been the only guy she'd ever slept with and it had taken them six months to lead up to it. She intended to sleep him, she just hope that her nervousness didn't show. Jake came back outside and she stood, gathering his cape around her to ward off the chill. She met him in the middle of the yard and he took one of her hands in his. "Are you sure about this? I'd understand if you want to back out. We can find an all night diner and get a cup of coffee and then you can take me home. I wouldn't think any less of you." "You're coming home with me. There's no getting out of that," she said with a shake of her head. "Okay then." "How many condoms did you get from Alice?" "She gave me a whole sheet of them," he said with a light laugh. "Well, I don't know if we'll use all of them but we'll have some left for next time," she said as she took his hand. He twisted Emmett's keys on his finger as she pulled him through the gate and stopped at Emmett's 4Runner. She took the keys from him and unlocked the drivers side door and slid in. Emmett would kill her if she let someone that he hardly knew drive his baby so right now Jake would just have to deal with her taking the wheel. He climbed into the passenger side and she looked over at him, throwing him a smile. He smiled back as she pulled out of the driveway. The last remaining guest were getting in their cars as Emmett and Paul watched from the door. "Does she normally take home random guys?" "No. But she learned it from watching me," Emmett said with a sigh. "I can totally see you as a man whore." "Oh, I know the walk of shame very well. But I'm not like that anymore." "You'd better not be," Paul said pulling Emmett to him. Emmett smiled down at him as he shut the door with his foot. They walked to their bedroom still wrapped up in each other. Emmett wouldn't mention it to her, but he was glad that Bella was finally doing something adventurous and a little scandalous. She hadn't been herself since Edward had left her and he was grateful that she had found someone that she trusted enough to let her hair down.