stash of Shammies and we sucked up a ton of the water off the floor. It was now almost completely dry. Before we started it, Jasper's dad, Jackson, had come over and installed the ceiling fan. It was now turned on helping to speed the drying along. Esme was due in the morning and Edward was spending the night since he was passed out on the sofa. I think the bliss from using his carpet cleaner wore him out. I texted back and forth with my lady. Nice dirty things that I'd like to do to her body. She wanted me to come over, but I told her that Eddie was camping out for the night and she understood. Jasper had gone home. His Mom had made brownies and he wasn't missing out on them. Garrett was home from college for the summer and it was war in that house to get food. Dad went to bed a few minutes ago with this goofy grin on his face. The man was so happy that his daughter was coming home. I just really hope she isn't like her Mom. That would break the old man's heart. And to be honest, mine too. I have this secret dream of a sweet kid sister like Alice that I can hang out and be friends with. I also have a nightmare where I have a screaming shrew of a sister who is always telling us we aren't good enough to be in her life. I pray my sister isn't a harpy, shrew and a bitch like her Mom. ~0~ I woke up earlier than I would want to on my summer vacation, all thanks to an over excited Esme, dragging poor Carlisle behind her. Along with enough stuff to furnish most of this house. No really! She had a small U-Haul outside. "Mom!" Edward groaned and I had to laugh. Dad went to get the door. "Good morning, Esme. Carlisle." He took in the U-Haul and looked back at us and winked, "I'm guessing you got tired of Edward and decided just to move him in over here?" Carlisle started laughing. "No, I'm quite fond of my first born. However, if you want to take on the my daughter planning a sweet sixteen that cost more than my car, you can have her." He joked and Esme smacked them both lightly on the shoulders. "Don't be silly, I need Edward around to lift the heavy things since Carlisle is getting so old." Ohh burn Daddy C. "Ha, Dad, Mom told you." Edward joked. "But seriously, Charlie, that poor girl I know she is going to need furniture and I get so many samples sent to me at the shop for me to display that I have to rotate them and just put photos of the extras in books. Well, I just brought a couple sets home yesterday and they have been photographed so I can still sell them and they were completely free to me. So, I know you wanted her to fix up her room herself, but I was thinking this nice off-white pine set that would look good in any girl's bedroom." Esme pulled us out to the U-Haul, opened the door and it was nice. It has that very feminine feel and very classic. She was right, it would go in about any room. "Esme, I can't accept this. I mean if I did you'd have to let me pay you for it." Poor Dad! I mean there is even a full sized bed still in plastic wrap back there. "Charlie, since the whole thing cost me nothing, that wouldn't be fair. However, if it will make you feel better you can lend us your son to unload it." She smiled. I had to laugh, she knew I'd help anyway. "Really, Charlie, you'd be doing us a favor, the pool house is like a furniture warehouse. She keeps all this stuff until she can give it away." Carlisle insisted. And even Dad knew their pool house was almost as big as our house. "Do it for Isabella, Charlie. Think how welcome she'd feel coming into a room with everything she needs, all she has to do is pick out colors." Esme tossed out. "It honestly cost you nothing?" Dad was starting to waiver. "Truly. Charlie, people from all over the world seek me out to decorate their homes and furniture designers try to sweeten the pot by sending me their best collections. In fact, if there is anything else she needs just let me know and we can go through the 'furniture warehouse' that is in the backyard." She glared at Carlisle for picking on her make shift storage. "Seriously, Carlisle, did you load this thing up this morning?" I asked. "No, fortunately last night my darling wife called some of the guys who work for her to load this up." I laughed. "I texted Jazz, he's on his way over to help us unload." Edward told me. "Thanks, man." Dad and Carlisle went into the house to get a measuring tape to see if we'd have to take the door off its hinges. And I looked over at Esme, "So, tell me, Esme, how did there just happen to be a full sized bed thrown in?" I joked. "Well, maybe a certain son of mine mentioned a trip today to buy a bed of that certain size; and since there happens to be a store down the road from my shop that gives me a killer discount… I may or may not have gone ahead and bought it. Though, as far as your Dad knows it was part of this display." She looked and me pointedly and I agreed. "Si, Momma C." She laughed and two seconds later Jazz pulled up and the fun day of getting this huge furniture into the house began. Looking down at my watch I smiled nine more hours till we go to get Isabella.