mumbled. "How did you manage to fall so behind?" "Because I don't speak Shakespeare," he answered roughly. "It's Elizabethan. Yes, it's a dead language but it's not that hard to understand...For most people," she explained. "Look-" Jacob started. "Okay, I'm going to finish my homework upstairs. I don't want to get caught up in the action when you two start throwing punches," Seth said, packing his stuff up quickly. "This was a bad idea," Bella said with a sigh. "Yeah, no shit," Jacob said gruffly. "Do I need to hog tie the two of you together?" Charlie asked from the archway of the living room. "She started it," Jacob said in defense. "That doesn't mean that you have to keep it going. Bells, can't you look past your differences and help him? Please?" Billy called from the living room. Bella sighed, dragging her fingers through her hair. How were she supposed to help him when they couldn't go thirty seconds without trading barbs? She could think of so many better ways to spend her night than helping someone who wasn't appreciative of her help. "The moral of the play is that you should keep your friends close and your enemies closer because even the people who you thought that you could trust can betray you. Power can make people do things that they would never consider doing, it can drive a wedge between even the closest of friends. Love can tear two people a part just as easily as it can bring them together." "Sounds familiar, except for the love part," he said, folding his arms over his chest. "You are such an asshole. You know what? Find someone else to help you," she said standing up from the table quickly. She stomped up the stairs and would have slammed her door if Seth weren't at her desk. "Do you want me to leave?" he asked quietly. "No," she said, throwing herself onto the bed with a grunt. "Things didn't go well downstairs?" he broached. "No," she said curtly. Charlie came up to tell Seth that Billy was ready to leave a little while later and stayed at Bella's door until the front door closed. He came to stand beside Bella's bed and she turned on her side away from him. "That's really mature," he said sitting on the edge of the bed. "What made you think that asking me tutor him would be a good idea?" "You could have tried harder to be nice to him," he chastised. "I was!" she said in frustration. "After I threatened you," he reminded her. "He didn't have to say what he said. And I am not apologizing for walking out on him." "Do you remember why you two stopped being friends?" "I started middle school and I didn't have any time for him." "That's only part of it. You gave that poor kid the freeze for months before he finally stopped trying to get through to you. You flat out ignored him, you told him that he was too immature for you to be friends with. Do you know that when his mom died all he wanted was for you to talk to him? Kids are cruel sometimes, I get that but you were just plain vicious." After Charlie's rant all of her repressed memories from that time in her life came flooding back. It wasn't a time in her life that she liked to think about because Renee was fighting Charlie for custody of her and it was putting a lot of added stress on her and she had come to the realization that middle school was nothing like she had thought it would be. Most of her friends were going to the new middle school on the other side of town and she spent most weekends with them. Jacob had been the closest thing she had to a sibling and they had been best friends pretty much since he had been born. She felt awful. Somehow she had to make it up to him. XXXX Bella had found out from one of her sophomore friends that Jacob was in their last class of the day so she made an excuse to get out early from the last class and hauled ass across the school before the bell rang. She leaned against the lockers across from his class and tried to calm her nerves and get her breathing back to normal. The bell rang and the door opened, Jacob was one of the first out of the room and his eyes narrowed when he saw Bella. "I want to apologize," she explained. "Why? It's not like you've cared before," he said in indifference with a lazy shrug. "What I did was wrong and I never should let my other friends come before you." "What do you care? I'm a Asshole," he said, before turning to walk away from her. She hadn't realized that they had an audience. Embry and Quil stood a few feet away Quil stared after Jacob while Embry gave Bella a cursory once over. She pulled her book bag from her shoulder and unzipped it to reach inside. She pulled out a tupperware container and walked up to Quil. "Can you give this to Jake?" "What is it?" Quil asked opening the lid. "White chocolate macadamia cookies are still his favorite, aren't they?" "I'll take that," Embry said, snatching the container from Quil and sealing the lid. Bella turned her eyes to Embry who was putting the container in his bag. "You should never give him food that is meant for someone else," he explained. "Do either of you know if Jake found someone to help him with?" "Yeah," Embry confirmed with a nod and his lips in a firm line. She nodded, deciding that it would be best to let it go. She slung her bag back onto her shoulder before walking away. The ball was in Jacob's court now; she just hoped that he forgave her.