can get Mr. Wilson to move you beside me if you want," Edward offered and turned his head sideways to look at me. "Yes, please," I answered almost too enthusiastically. Edward chuckled and stopped us in front of his locker. As he was grabbing his books, I noticed the only things he had hanging up in his locker were his football schedule and a picture of him, Emmett, Jasper, Rosalie and Alice huddled close together somewhere outside. Edward shut his locker and it closed with ease. He replaced his hand on my back and we began walking. As we neared our classroom, I suddenly felt nervous. "How exactly are you going to convince Mr. Wilson to let me sit beside you?" "Easy. Mr. Wilson is the football coach and he likes me more than he likes Newton." Edward winked and gave me a crooked smile. I felt my face flush and Edward chuckled lightly. We stepped into the classroom and Edward dropped his hand from my back. He went up to the teacher who appeared to be in his early thirties and had short, black curls that seemed to stand out everywhere. They talked for about a minute and Edward returned smiling. "Jessica, please go sit next to Mike. That is going to be your new seat." A girl with brown, frizzy hair stood up, picked up her books and slammed them onto a desk that was three rows up from her original seat. Edward led me to the seat that Jessica had just vacated. "Rule number one: don't get on Mr. Wilson's bad side. He's a fun guy but you do not want to piss him off." Class started and I immediately determined that Mr. Wilson was the best teacher ever. As he was writing the note on the board, if someone was confused, he would stop and take the time to explain it fully until everyone got it. He was so unlike my math teacher that I had last year in Phoenix. My teacher last year would hastily write a note on the board, give us our homework questions then leave the room for the rest of class. If someone in our class actually understood and got the note on the board, they would try explaining it and teach it to the rest of the class. "Miss. Stanley, I suggest you stop writing that note unless you want it to be read to the entire class." Everyone turned to look at Jessica who was obviously surprised that Mr. Wilson had caught her writing a note that wasn't the one he was writing on the board. She threw the note in the recycle bin and Mr. Wilson continued on with his lesson. After we finished the note, Mr. Wilson handed us a worksheet that would be homework if we didn't finish it in class. I stared at the sheet for a few brief moments before I began struggling my way through it. "Need help?" I glanced over at Edward and nodded shyly. "What part don't you get?" "I understand the basic concept but I suck at actually using it to answer a question." I explained how my math teacher in Phoenix wouldn't even take up the homework we had so we would have no idea if we even did the questions right. Edward did the first few problems on the sheet and walked me through each question step by step. It slowly started making sense and I tried to do the next one. "Almost right, Bella. You just need to watch your signs." Edward fixed up my question and showed me where I went wrong with my negative signs. I tried the next question, checking it over when I was done before handing it to Edward. Edward grinned and held up his hand for a high five. I giggled and gave him a high five. In the corner of my eye I saw Mr. Wilson looking at us with an amused expression. I blushed as I realized Edward and I probably looked like idiots, giving each other a high five in math class. I started working on the next problem, handing it to Edward once I was done. He gave me an approving nod and I worked on the next question. That's how the rest of class went on. After every question, I would show my paper to Edward who would either nod or explain what I did wrong. We both finished our questions with only a minute left of class. When the bell rang, I gathered my stuff and dug my map out of my pocket. A hand snatched it away before I could take a good look at it. I looked up to see Edward smiling at me. "I'll walk you to your History class." I smiled. "Thank you, Edward." Once I got into my history class, I let out a sigh of relief when I didn't see Mike Newton sitting anywhere. My teacher instructed me to sit next to Angela who was seated behind Rosalie and Jasper. I greeted the three of them and took my seat. Everyone was silent as we copied a long, tedious note that spanned across three chalkboards and made everyone's hands cramp. Everyone let out satisfied sighs when the bell rang. I walked to my locker, grabbed the books I needed to take home, kicked my locker shut, and headed out the school doors. I made my way through the maze of cars in the parking lot and started my ten minute walk home. I had only been walking for a minute or so when a red BMW pulled up beside me. Alice rolled down the passenger side window and stuck her head out. "C'mon, Bella. Get in. We have to get you ready." "Ready for what?" SNEAK PEEK – Chapter Two "She's a girl!" "Yes Mike, that means she has hooha instead of a dingaling." Here is the first chapter of my new story! I hope you guys enjoyed it.