the continent." At Victoria's wide-eyed look, she continued, "I want to go to school, I never made it into high school and I want to learn more. I'm fifty-two years old, and I don't even know Algebra." "And why does that require me? Or the other side of the continent?" Victoria inquired. "Well we need you because we need a parent figure, and I want to keep an eye on Isabella." Kira replied, "We both can pass as younger with a little effort, but you just scream… Mom." The older woman rolled her eyes, "Har har har, I get it, I'm old. So you want to play house. Why across the continent?" "Because." Isabella huffed, "I want to see where I grew up, but I've already seen the south, and the midwest… and we've spent so much time in the east recently." She nuzzled her face into Tori's shoulder, she didn't like mentioning her past, or what happened with her change, and only Kira knew about her time in the circus. Tori knew she had been trapped in animal form for a long time, and caged, but that was all the older woman dared ask. Tori stroked her hair, and thought it over for a short while. "Give me some time to get my affairs in order, and I'll join you in Seattle, maybe two weeks from now?" Isabella squealed with joy, and she smiled at the girl, kissing her forehead, "I'll take that as a yes." She glanced up to see even Kira had an uncharacteristic smile. True to her word, Tori met them in two weeks, and they drove south together in Tori's truck, a rusty red monstrosity of indeterminate age. Kira gave it a thorough inspection, but couldn't find any reason why it wouldn't work, so she and Isabella piled in. Kira gave Victoria a short run-down, "We're headed for Forks Washington. The Swan family moved there when Isabella was a little girl." Tori nodded and started South. "So what is our last name going to be?" "You're asking me?" Tori asked, "This is your crazy scheme. I'm just here to pay the phone bill." Isabella looked up shyly, "Well we thought, since my last name is out, and Kira doesn't really remember hers, we could use yours?" The older woman snorted, and rolled her eyes, "First you call me old, and then you try to take my last name. Humph. Well then, we are the Calleigh's." She shook her head at their ridiculousness, and tuned out their chatter, mostly dominated by their kitten. Victoria was more than just an older woman, she had spent decades, millennia perhaps trying to find that missing piece of herself. Just by looking it was obvious that Kira was at peace with herself, having found everything she needed to be whole. Isabella on the other hand, was in desperate need of something. She was never alone, she couldn't handle it, and no matter that Victoria knew nothing about her captivity. The only reason why a healthy shifter is confined is by choice, and those scars… The ancient wasn't sure if Kira knew the reasons why some wounds scarred and some didn't. Among the shifters it was known that as soon as they changed, they no longer healed at a human rate. Scars were thought to be a matter of severity, but Victoria knew better. She had lost fingers, a whole foot once, even her eyes were gouged out by a particularly violent vampire with a grudge to settle, and yet none of them retained scars. However, she did have a few smaller scars on her wrists and thighs where she had done the unthinkable. One or two others along her neck where she had desperately wished that she could be killed. She knew that Isabella's scars were self-inflicted, whether the child accepted it or not, and Victoria could only hope that their kitten would not go through the centuries of loneliness and pain that she herself had endured. Victoria knew that she had come to terms with her loneliness, and had learned to embrace it with a vigor that most could only dream of. Isabella is too social, and Victoria was concerned that her kitten wouldn't be able to handle missing a piece of herself. Not for very long anyways. Kira tapped her on the shoulder, and Victoria realized that there were flashing lights in her rearview mirror. "Screw me." She muttered and pulled over quickly, rolling down her window. The glass squealed in protest. The officer made his way over to her window, he was an older gentleman who would have been pushed to retire years ago if it weren't such a small town. "Ma'am are you aware that your tail light is out?" He asked, his thick handlebar mustache was almost comical on his worn, round face. "No I wasn't officer." Tori replied, trying to remain neutral. "I had the car shipped to Seattle, it must have happened during the move. I'll get it fixed just as soon as we're settled." It wasn't a big deal. He nodded, "Then I'll let you off with a warning." He checked the back of the car piled high with boxes, "Are you all gonna be moving into town?" He asked curiously. Isabella nodded excitedly, "Yeah! We're so excited to get started in school next week." "School?" He raised his eyebrows, looking over the two in the passenger seat more carefully. It was possible they could be school aged, especially the smaller one. "Well I guess you'll be meeting my grandsons. If you three need any help moving in, or with your furniture, give my son a call, Derek Swan. He and the boys can give you a hand with all the heavy lifting." Isabella paled, and Kira leaned over her with a small smile, hiding her from the officer, "Thank you so much, we were so worried about that, officer..?" "Charlie Swan." He smiled, offering Tori a phone number, "Welcome to Forks."