that you are my niece, I need to find out what you like and dislike so that I can buy you something for all of the holidays and birthdays I have missed. Oh no, I can't believe I didn't ask you when your birthday is!" Alice was like a ball of energy about to explode. "Calm down. I don't turn 18 for two more months on May 7th." I said with a laugh as Charlie walked down the stairs. "What are you two doing up so early?" Charlie asked, as Alice set his plate down on the table for him. "Couldn't sleep any longer." Alice said with a small laugh. "Come on, Uncle Charlie. You know I'm always up at the crack of dawn." I said with a smile and a shrug. After talking to Alice and Charlie for a little while longer I went up to my room to finish getting ready for the day. I brushed my teeth and quickly packed a small bag for myself and Bella after she went down for breakfast so that we would have clothes to wear for when we were in Italy. I still wasn't sure what would bring us there or why, but I knew that we would be going, because I saw us there with me walking away with Aro and Marcus to speak to them privately. Once I was finished, I got my laptop out and start working on my online college class since I graduated high school a year early. I sat there for about three and a half hours doing school work and once I was done, I went downstairs and had a quick lunch and made a list of things we needed to get while Bella was at school. I asked Alice if she wanted to come, but she said that she had some things to get done at their house here in Forks, so I said good-bye and got in my car and went to the store. I got everything on my list fairly quickly, but as I was paying for my things, the cashier tried hitting on me. I recognized him as one of Bella's friends from school, so I tried to be as polite as I could while I hurried him along as he bagged my things. I handed him the money and didn't even bother grabbing the receipt as I sped-walked to my large, silver Hummer. I loaded all the bags into the car before hopping in the driver's side and started the ignition before throwing the car in to gear. I put my hand on the passenger seat's head rest as I looked behind me while I carefully backed out of the parking spot. I then threw the car in to drive as I hit the gas and drove out on to the main road that took me back to the house. Once I pulled up, I saw that Bella's truck was in the driveway, meaning she was home from school. Both her and Alice came out and gave me a hand unloading the bags and taking everything inside. From there, they helped me put everything away, and when I went to go make dinner, Bella stopped me and said that I had done enough and she would do it. I smiled gratefully and took a seat next to Alice at the kitchen table, as Bella made dinner. I let my mind wander to everything I learned about Alice today. "Alice, I have something I think you would like back." I told her once I had come out of my thoughts. "What are you talking about?" She asked me with confusion written all over her face. "Hold on, I'll go get it." I said cryptically getting up from my seat. I ran up to my room, opening the chest at the foot of my bed and pulled out four leather-bound journals. Taking the two from the bottom of the stack, I put the others back in their proper place and slowly walked back down the stairs. Alice was still sitting where I left her when I re-entered the kitchen. After I took my seat, I lay the journals flat on the table in front of her. "These are your sister's and your journals. I hope you don't mind, but my mom left them to me and I read them. They explained a lot to me about my visions and without them I would have gone crazy." She looked at them with baited breath and ran her hand over the cover of one of the journals before looking up at me with a shaky smile. "This is the best thing that you could have ever given me." Alice's eyes filled with tears that would never fall while she started tracing the letters of her sister's name with the tip of her finger. "When I was changed, I woke up with no recollection of my human life. All that I had was the clothes on my back and a vision in my head of Jasper calling me Alice." "These are not gifts; they are yours and always were. I am just returning them to who they belong to." Alice pulled me into the tightest hug that I had ever received. It squeezed the breath out of me, though I knew that this wasn't even her using her full strength. "I don't know how I will ever thank you." Alice said in barley over a whisper. "You don't need to." I told her. "It's just nice to have more of my mother's family back." Way back here from her old house and luckily, Charlie didn't suspect a thing. After I finished, I excused myself to my room and wrote in my journal about my day until I fell into a peaceful sleep. (~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~) Author Note – Here's the first chapter. Just started posting... Hope ya like, I'm helping Bella on this along with some others. ;) Til next time keep reading and reviewing... ~*Dragon*~