Everything was white. I was beginning to notice a pattern. Freakishly beautiful and pale. Seemed to be the theme of the Cullen household. Though I could have used a splash of red or gold or something. I wondered what Esme would think of maybe… possibly… redecorating? Pretty please with a cherry on top, so I wouldn't feel like I was suffocating? We would have to see. Speaking of Esme, she and Carlisle looked exactly the same as I remembered them from twelve years ago. Neither of them looked a day over thirty. Our mom would kill to have whatever their secret was. They were seated together, holding hands, smiling like their long-lost daughters had just been found. I was taken aback by the care in their eyes; I mean, we hadn't seen them in twelve years . And they still cared about us that much? Meant a lot. Esme got up from the couch and walked over to us, giving me a hug. She turned to give Cori a hug, but my dear sister was still spaced out. "She's not ignoring you, I swear. She's just tired. And… well… I mean, you know Cori. She's spacey. As soon as she realizes that you're here, she's gonna be ecstatic." I felt the need to both apologize for and defend my twin. Meanwhile, she started inching toward whatever it was that had captivated her attention. Ah, a piano. That made sense. Yeah, we weren't gonna have her attention for a good long while. Esme chuckled and waved off my apology. "It's all right, dear. We know this move is a lot for you two. Emmett, Rosalie, will you please take their bags to their rooms?" Emmett nodded, grabbed my last bag, and they ran up the stairs and back down fairly quickly. When they came back downstairs holding hands I realized that I had missed something. Oh. That's… I thought they were… well, I guess if they were all adopted it's not that weird. If I didn't do something soon, we were all going to be awake for the rest of eternity before we even got around to introductions. I cleared my throat three times before Cori came back to earth. "Oh shit. Sorry! Sorry. Piano pretty. Pretty piano. I was distracted. Did I really zone that much?" she said at hyper-speed. "Hi. Hello. I'm sorry again." Esme laughed again and moved to hug Cori. "It's so nice to see you again, sweetheart. Girls, meet the family. You know Carlisle," her husband waved jovially from the couch, "and you've met Emmett and Rosalie," they nodded at us, "this is Jasper," Blondie 2.0… Dude Blondie… Jasper. Okie doke. "And Alice," the super-smiley pixie with dark hair who was sitting on top of Blondie #2. "My youngest son, Edward," bronze hair with the super intense stare, "and his girlfriend, Bella," girl with brown hair, brown eyes… looked a lot like Cori, actually, who was curled into Edward. Jasper, Alice, Edward, Bella. Jasper, Alice, Edward, Bella. Jasper, Alice, Edward, Bella. Got it. Everybody was coupled up. A little odd, but really cute. There was so much love in the room, it was nice to see, but kinda sucked to not be a part of. I hadn't been much into dating back in L.A. The guys were nice enough but I was a little too independent. I didn't want to be tied down or accountable to anybody but me. And I was dead-set against falling in love in high school. That's just asking to get your heart ripped out. Still, though, every once in a while, like now, I'd get a glimpse of what I'd been missing. "Not to sound rude or anything, but we've been driving for twenty hours and I'm, like, dead on my feet." Cori cut the meet-and-greet short. I nodded. "Yeah, I'm pretty tired, too. It was nice to meet you all, but I think I should go pass out now. Good night." Everyone chorused their goodbyes and I led Cori the way Emmett and Rosalie had taken our bags. My room was the farthest on the right, Cori's was directly across from mine. I only knew this because someone had put very bright and very glittery decorations with our names on them on the doors. Based on the vibes I got downstairs, my money was on Alice being the artist. "Night, sis. Sleep well. Don't punch me when I sleep through all my alarms and they wake you up instead. Love you," I said. I wasn't sure if she wanted a hug or just to go to bed. She didn't like to be touched but I was special and we were in a new place. Cori tackle-hugged me. "Good night, Kris. Love you, too." She squeezed me a little harder than usual, then pulled away and attempted a smile. She turned and went into her room and shut the door. I took a deep breath and opened my door and stepped inside. Everything was white in here, too. Maybe Cori and I could decorate with another paint war. There was no way she could claim victory this time around (she didn't even win the first time, but somebody had to answer the door to get the pizza). Resolving to make this room homier tomorrow after school, I pulled back the covers on my (guess what color?) white bed and climbed in. I was so tired it didn't even occur to me I was still wearing my wet day clothes until I was halfway to dreamland. So began the new chapter in my life. Author's Note #2: We're still alive! Sorry and thank you to everyone who waited patiently. It's been crazy trying to coordinate our schedules to make time to write. Both Artemis and I did some editing on Chapter 1 to make it more consistent and flow more smoothly. And we're working on Chapter 2 so that should be up in the next few days. Please read and review, thanks!