anything to keep Rose and me from crying. When we would play house, yes I know how normal of us, Eddie and I would be the parents, Emmy, as we called him back then, would be the dog and Rose would be the daughter. Emmett and I had known him since we were born, he was only a couple of months older but his mom and my mom were best of friends back then and they always had us together as babies. I still have pictures of us as little kids. He lived with his mom his dad was never around, and when we were 6 they moved. We didn't keep touch for long, it was around the time Renee started to change and everything started to become what it is today. "You, your, I, WOW!" I couldn't even form a complete sentence I was completely out of it He laughed he fucking laughed and then smirked at me I turned to Emmett "why didn't you tell me?" I said angrily "It was a surprise, you know your best friends from way back" he replayed and I could tell by the look on his face he was holding his laughter. The little pixie girl caught my attention when she snorted trying to hold back her laughter. I looked at her, two was enough shock! I'm sure I've never met her before in my life. Unless she's had plastic surgery done on her whole face, I'm 120% sure I do not know her. I looked at Emmett rolling my eyes at him and pointed at her rising my eyebrow "So who's she?" "That's my sister Alice" you can pretty much guess yourself that it wasn't Emmett who answered I turned to Eddie or Edward as Rose had called him and picked up both my eyebrows "your sister?" If I was confused before I was beyond that right now He didn't get a chance to answer though, because Alice decided to step in "Actually I'm his half sister, that's why you don't know me." She threw her arms around me hugging me like she's known me all my life "I'm so glad to finally meet you, there's pictures of you with Edward all over the house, picture of all four of you. And God, Emmett hasn't stopped talking about you being back!" She stepped back still talking "Rose told me a lot about you too, I just know we're going to be the best of friends! How was your flight? I know those things can get a little-" "Alice! You're overwhelming her hon." said Mr. I love airport chairs "Sorry about Alice" Edward smirked "the doctor said it could be serious, we're still waiting on the test results" I couldn't help but laugh at this "Don't worry Bella, I'll let you know when Eddie's doctor results come in" replied Alice I laughed again and turned to Alice "it's nice to meet you Alice, the flight was okay I slept through most of it" I smiled at her She smiled at me and turned to Mr. I love airport chairs "Bella this is my boyfriend Jasper" He smiled at me stretched out his hand for me to shake "He's Rose's cousin" she fished Jasper hmm way better than Mr. I love airport chairs "Nice to meet you, I've heard a lot about you" he said shaking my hand "It's nice to meet you too; I would say I've heard a lot but sadly I haven't!" I replied turning to glare at Emmett My dad clapped his hands together "Alright now that we're down with the introductions how about we head back home" I nodded about to pick up my bags when Emmett beat me to it and started dragging them out. I huffed crossed my hands across my chest and stalked off after him. "You know Esme is really existed to see you" I was a little startled by his voce I hadn't realized he was walking next to me I looked up almost getting lost in his eyes "I am too Eddie" I said with a huge smile planted on my face Esme is his mom; she's the sweetest kindest person you will ever meet! "I hate being called Eddie!" he mumbled I stopped walking and turned my body so I was standing right in front of him "But that's what we use to call you" I teased "Yeah and if I remember correctly we would call you Bellsy" he smirked my face dropped! I detested that name I detested it then and I still detest it now! "How about I don't call you Eddie and you don't ever call me Bellsy again" "Deal!" he stuck out his hand which I shuck. My hand still holding on to his he pulled me a little closer "You know you never gave me my hello hug" And when he put his arms around me hugging me tight I couldn't help do the same. Maybe some things could go back to the way they use to be, maybe leaving Florida wasn't such a bad decision after all. He draped his arm around my shoulder as we walked out of the airport to the car It was raining, Big Surprise! I didn't have much time to dwell on the stupid rain Edward leaned down put his lips right next to my ear "And Bells, just so you know, when I saw you walk out of the terminal I was speechless as well" So what did you think? Good? Awful? Also I need a Beta, I've never actually had one and I tried to find one and there are so many it's not even funny. I have a tendency to put a lot of comas in my sentences making them run on forever. My English teacher is always pestering me about this problem. It would be really helpful if anyone can suggest a Beta or offer to be my Beta. I would really appreciate it. Review :)