can just tell?" "Yep. I mean, I remember what it was like. Except I don't feel hot when I transform. I feel a chilling, freezing cold throughout my body. Gives me a bit of warning. But you, and maybe your friends over in La Push… they might be shape shifters as well. My guess, if you confront them about it, they won't say shit. Not until you transform. It's inevitable, and it won't be fun." This is where Jacob go really pissed. "So, Sam and his new disciples are shape shifters, and I'm one, too. Explains why Sam keeps looking at me like I'm next." "He has?" "Yeah. God damn, Billy and all them are in on it, too! Those fuckers, they kept it from me this entire time!" He was violently shaking. Jasper looked ready to combat it, but I waved him off. "Jake, you don't think they might have been… trying to prevent it from happening to you?" "If it's fucking impossible to get away from, shouldn't they have been wanting me to change sooner? And, they're fucking blind! All they see is your species, Edward, and they don't see your heart! You can love, you can be kind! What kind of fucking bullshit do they think they have on you? You're a nice dude. Shit, Pixie over there is probably one of those girls who's peppy all the time!" "Yep!" was the cheerful response from Alice as she called back to us. "And those old farts… they… they want me to hate you. Fuck, they don't want you here, Bella, they think you need protection! Fuck that, you've got that covered. I'm so… urgh…" He held his head, face contorted in pain. "Jacob… do you want to do this? I'll be here, Jake. One shape shifter to another. We're here for you." He nodded, now to the point of vibrating. I could see his skin trying to jump off of his body. "Then listen to me. Get mad, don't hold it in. I'll be here to help you. Don't worry, you won't hurt anyone. I promise." I ushered Edward and Jasper back, keeping just enough of a distance from Jake so he wouldn't hit me in his transformation. Jake doubled over, gasping now. And, within seconds, his whole body exploded. Russet fur expanded to five times Jacob's original size. And a giant wolf appeared right before me. He was as big as a draft horse, much more muscular, and he was scared shitless. I reached for his mind to get a read on him. Holy shit, I'm a fucking wolf, what the hell?! My hands, no, paws… oh holy crap, I've got paws! And what the fuck is – I'VE GOT A TAIL! A MOTHER FUCKING TAIL! Jacob, listen to me, hear me. You're ok, I know it's scary, but you're ok. Listen to me, Jake. Hey! Come on now, don't close up on me. I nosed his cheek, and he jumped a little. When he was able to breathe, his nose wrinkled and he whined. What the fuck is that god, awful stench?! Ugh, it's icy, burns, what the hell? That's probably Edward and Jasper, Jake. Maybe Alice too. They smell like that for you guys, I'm guessing. That's fucked up! I'm so sorry, tell them. I don't think they're bad, but they smell so awful, and… I dunno why, but I want to tear them apart. Fuck! I want to murder someone! "Hey, guys, he's really sorry about the smell. For you guys and for him. And he's also sorry that he wants to murder you. No biggie, he really doesn't want to, his instincts are just kicking in. By the way, do you know why he feels like this? Edward?" "He's a Quileute wolf, and they're natural enemies of us. Those dogs wouldn't think twice about ripping our heads off. Sorry, Jake." Edward apologized, with Jake whining and nodding, accepting it. So, they hate me now? Your boyfriend and his siblings? I don't think so. "Hey, do you hate Jake now?" "Well, I don't want to smell him, the way he is now, and I don't feel too loving, but I don't hate him. Really, I'm trying not to growl at you, man." Edward said. Jasper, on the other hand, couldn't speak. He growled a little, and Jake returned the favor, his hackles rising. I brushed my tail against Jasper, and tapped my paw on Jake's face. "Hey, knock it off. Be nice." I was going to say more, but in the distance, I heard howling. Multiple wolves. And the sound of Charlie's cruiser parking in the driveway. Alice whistled, and I made an image in my head of Charlie standing with me. After a minute, Charlie and Alice were walking over to us. When Charlie saw Jake, his eyes softened. "Who's this, Bells?" "It's Jacob, Dad. Billy's son." Charlie strode over to Jake and held his hand to Jake's cheek. "Son, I know all about these guys. But I never knew you had it, too. Billy kept this from you, huh?" Jake nodded. "Well, that bastard wants to keep my daughter from Edward and his family. And now, I'm guessing he'll want to keep you from us, now. Screw that noise. If you need a place to stay, my home is always open. You understand? You're a second child to me. And regardless of what Billy or any of them say, I will be the middle ground between all of us. Human, vampire, werecat, giant wolf, don't make a difference." I smiled and gently licked Charlie's cheek. But then, the howls got louder. Closer. There were five of them. And I had a good idea who they were. "Those fuckers are coming for Jake. Brace yourselves, guys. Charlie, get behind Alice. If things get nasty, she'll take you to her place, they'll keep you safe. Edward, Jasper, alongside me. Call Emmett, let him know what's up. they're all coming. And they want Jacob.