the wind screwing up my hair, and the trees flying by me at a pace that only sports cars could keep up with. I ducked my face into his fur, taking deep breaths to push away the fear and sadness. This is the closest I'll ever get to flying again. Jake took me to the woods outside my house, I dunno how long it took, but he laid down and I rolled off of him with a sigh. I sat in the dirt, staring at my legs while he went to get changed. "Hey Bells you okay?" Jake asked, coming out from behind the tree, thankfully clothed. "I'm good." I nodded, reaching up like an overgrown baby for him to pick me up. Not so much with dignified, but well, crutches don't leave much dignity either. He scooped me up bridal style and carried me into the house where I would be stuck until Embry got back with my crutches. "You sure I didn't hurt you too bad?" I rolled my eyes, "Jake everything hurts. That was just a cool way of hurting." I shrugged it off, "It's fine." He spent the next hour or so asking me if I was okay, offering to help me around the house, do I need anything, how are you feeling, eventually I just buried my face in a book and ignored him until he shut up. It's bad enough that I have to depend on anyone, but to have him smothering me in affection, it's even worse than Renee. Finally Embry arrived with my furniture and the crutches, so I got to direct everything around the room. "The dresser goes into the Northeast corner, and Jake, Jake no the hardware is last, I have to build it into my closet. Go get the bed while we still have room to maneuver." I commanded, narrowing my eyes when Jake muttered a sarcastic 'yes ma'am' under his breath. "Jeez Bella, when did you get so bossy?" I raised an eyebrow at Embry, "I've been training shave-tails for the last eight months. Forgive me if I treat you like you don't know your ass from a propeller." Embry snorted, "I take it your trainees aren't too bright?" I shrugged, "It's not that they're dumb, it's just that they're expected to become experienced professionals in less than six months. Think of it like when you first shifted, except the vamps in town are aggressive, and if you fuck up, you don't have super healing." The shapeshifter paused, "I guess that does make it a lot scarier." He looked at me, "Was it like that for you?" Vampires, shapeshifters, kidnapping and total abandonment, "Fuck me Embry, I don't know. My life isn't exactly the paragon of normality. I had a bright future ahead of me, I was already looking to be a Tech Sarge before shit went down, that's one of the hardest ranks to get, but I was on my way. All my CO's had one thing in common to say, I was born for crazy shit to go down. After what happened to me, I should be in a loony bin, or needing serious shrink help. Instead I have a prescription for sleeping pills, and some pain meds." I shifted uncomfortably, his gaze was a little too understanding, a little too painful, "I mean my first tour was scary, all of it's scary really, but you get into this groove of taking things in stride, it's not about the next guy to shoot at you, it's about getting the job done. I wanted a career in that shit, flying jets, I mean you saw me after they left. I was…" Crazy, insane, in need of serious shrink help. "An adrenaline junky." Embry supplied. I smirked, "Hell yeah. The first time they put me in a centrifuge I thought I was gonna die, it felt like I had the whole pack sitting on my chest, crushing the air out of me. It was the hardest thing I did in my training, but Embry… Those jets, the speed, the power it's such a rush knowing that if you twitch you're going to be sent halfway across the continent. The burst of speed as you break the sound barrier, those aren't things you get to do every day. Now I…" I looked down at my legs, "I'll never sit in a military jet again. You understand that Embry? Those bastards took away everything from me, and now I'm stuck a crippled vet after only six years of service, staring at an empty life." He opened his mouth and I glared, "Don't you bullshit me. Don't you dare. Nothing is going to stand up to that lifestyle, and the service I was able to render." "They took your wolf." Jake said quietly. I whipped my head around, how long was he there? I glared, it doesn't matter. I won't take his pity, or his bullshit. "What the hell does that mean?" I snapped, angry that I had opened myself up, had let someone else hear about it. It's one thing if Embry knows, he's cool but he's no dear friend. Jake knows me, he'll worry about me and mother hen me to death. The big man ran a hand through his hair, "The Alpha of each pack, his word is absolute. When you break the laws of the pack, he, or she, ensures that the punishment is properly applied. The worst punishment an Alpha can give, is to take your wolf spirit. They take the shifter right out of you, leave you with all your memories of living as one, and working as a team, the rush of being so powerful, they leave you with that, and then take away the one thing that gave it to you. It's worse than death." He gave me a dead-eyed look and I realized he'd had to do that, or he'd witnessed it. The anger drained away, and I nodded. "Sounds about right."