confidentiality." "Exactly." He was quiet for a moment, opening notes and books for class. He bit down hard on his bottom lip but finally met my gaze. "Okay, I'll do it." "What?" I barked, laughing a little too loudly in the quiet of the library, so I leaned closer. "You can't be serious, Edward. You can't possibly be that hard up. Look around you." "No!" he argued back, shaking his head and rolling his eyes, ignoring the glances we were getting – the glances he always got whenever he was in a damn room. "I'm not hard up, Swan; I'm trying to help you." My mouth fell open, and I eyed him up and down. Suddenly, the mere idea was ludicrous but so damned intriguing too, because he'd probably be stunning on camera. But then the reality of it all set in, and I realized I'd not only be attaching cameras to parts of him I'd never seen, but I'd be watching him have sex with some random girl. Something about that was unsettling. We were friends , for fuck's sake. "No," I said, shaking my head. "I don't have time for you to get your ass checked out." It was a lame excuse, but it was as good as I could give him. "I'll figure it out, Cullen." "Why not me, Swan?" he asked, laughing a bit, but his eyes were tight. "It's just sex, right? And it's for science, right?" He sighed, tilting his head my way. "I'm no virgin, Bella. And it wouldn't be unlike a touch of exhibitionism. Everyone's done it somewhere public or where they shouldn't have. And don't lie to me, because I know you." I snorted. "Right, but this isn't the backseat of a car or underneath the bleachers at a high school football game…" "Ah, I knew you were a freak, Swan!" Laughing, I shoved him with my foot that was still on his lap. "Really, Mr. Exhibitionist?" He grabbed my foot, but I shook my head. "I can't ask you to do this. It's supposed to be anonymous." "Emmett isn't anonymous, Bella," he argued. "Half the female freshman population is gonna recognize his body!" When I laughed, Edward grinned adorably. "Well, that is if this shit is public." I shook my head. "No, just my professor." I gazed down at my notes and then back at Edward. "You… Do you have a girl in mind? Or did you…" "I haven't had a girlfriend in over two years," he answered before I could finish. "You've dated, Edward, so don't sit there and tell me…" "I'm not telling you anything. A date doesn't always equal sex, Swan. A man can get a drink or dinner or see a movie without expectations of sleeping with someone." When I raised an eyebrow at him, he grinned. "I'm no monk, Bella, but you don't exactly need a virgin for this endeavor now, do you? And don't judge me either. How's Newton?" "Currently dating someone other than me, thankfully," I sang with a false smile as he laughed at me. "And Jake hasn't called in years, so…" "Good," Edward growled. "Newton was one thing, all lost puppy over you and shit, but Jake was an asshole." "How's Lauren?" I countered just to get back at him for this line of questioning, smiling innocently and batting my eyelashes at him. We'd reached touchy territory in our friendship. Edward couldn't stand Jacob Black, a guy from back home I'd been dating when I first started at USF. He'd visited once, broke up with me, and never called again. And I thought Lauren was a shallow whore, because Edward had caught her cheating on him. Or maybe I simply hated her for hurting him. I wasn't sure which. "Ah, the good old days of our undergrad years." Edward sighed deeply, rolling his eyes at my laugh. But he held his hands up in surrender. "I'm just trying to help you, Bella." I groaned, shaking my head. "I don't know." I glanced his way, and he seemed sincere and willing. "I need you to get tested, and I…" "Let me worry about that. Give me a day or two." "Are you sure?" I asked him, grimacing. "This isn't for fun, and I'm supposed to be all clinical about this, but we're friends, Edward." He grinned, shaking his head. "First of all, I trust you. Second, you of all people know that sex is just sex, right? This is what you plan on doing the rest of your life. Might as well start with someone you know." My eyes narrowed on his expression, because it looked to me like he was trying to convince himself, not me. "Yeah, but…" He held up the diagram of the camera setup. "Just make sure my camera is… big enough , Swan." He shot me a cheesy wink as I snatched my paper back from him with an exasperated sigh. "Shut up, Cullen. Get me my blood work first, and then we'll talk. I need it ASAP." "You'll have it, Bella. I promise." My brow furrowed a bit as another label for Edward came to mind. He was loyal, and he was seriously considering doing this. I wasn't sure how I felt about that. ~ooo~TSB~ooo~ A/N… This will update twice a week – Sundays and Wednesdays. This will probably be the longest A/Ns I'll put on here, too, unless there's a question that needs answering. On a side note… Jenny and I (aka Sarge's Girls) have a book available on Amazon. You can find it by searching the site for Deb Rotuno or Jenny Rarden. Either name will bring the book High Heels & Hard Drives up. It's a short novella, so check it out if you're interested. I want to thank those of you that have already bought it. Thank you so much! :D I will see you guys again on Wednesday for the update for The Student Body . Until then… Mooches, Deb ;)