I'll sneak in the back or some shit," I told the driver. "Masen, Miss Rose told me to make sure you got back okay…" "And you are, Tony. You've done your job. You don't know where I went after you dropped me off," I told him, opening my own door when he'd stopped the limo a block away. "Yes, sir," was the last thing he said before I slammed the car door, essentially cutting him off. I needed to walk. I needed to clear my head. Shoving my hands into my jacket pockets against the chilly weather, I turned to walk down the sidewalk in the opposite direction of my hotel. I walked another block before taking a right, only to run into what I'd been trying to escape. " Masen!" " Masen, how did it feel to perform after rehab?" " Heidi Summers said you're no longer together. She's been seen around town with her co-star, Peter Grisham. What do you say about that?" " How's it feel to be clean and sober, Masen? Can you still perform?" The whole sidewalk was covered with paps and cameras and now curious fans. I pushed my way through them, ignoring the questions and dodging microphones. I hated to give the cold shoulder to my fans, but I didn't want to give the vultures a chance to corner me. Gritting my teeth, I turned the next corner, breaking into a run in order to lose them all. Across the street was a bar – Charlie's Pub. Yanking open the door, I ducked in quickly, practically bowling someone over. "Fuck, I'm sorry," I panted, my hand immediately reaching out to help them up. A sweet laugh met my ears, and I realized it was a woman I'd knocked to the floor. "It's okay," she said, dusting herself off, but we both turned when there were voices on the other side of the door. "C'mere," she instructed, pulling me behind the bar. "Get down." I chuckled, doing as she said, and I was glad I did because the door slammed open almost as I hit the deck. "Did you see a guy come through here?" one of them asked. I glanced up from my spot on the floor to rake up shapely legs, a nice ass in tight jeans, and a beautiful head full of brunette hair. Her face scrunched up a little as she shook her head. She picked up a rag from the bar, slinging it over her shoulder, and jerked a thumb behind her. I noted a touch of ink that appeared when her shirt rode up a little. "Tall guy, leather jacket?" "Yeah…" "Yeah, he ran through here but out the back door." They thanked her, and I heard the door close. My head fell back to the wood behind me, and I sighed with relief. "Thanks," I told her, looking up to see a very amused smile and dark-brown eyes gazing at me. "Get up, Masen," she said with a laugh, tapping the top of the bar as I stood up. "You look like you could use a beer." "You know…" I started, but she pointed toward the flatscreen mounted in the corner. "You've been on TV all damn night. Sit," she told me, picking up a glass mug and pouring a draft. "Rough day?" Snorting, I rolled my eyes as I took a stool in front of her. "Yeah, I guess," I mumbled, thanking her for the beer when she set it down in front of me. She nodded but smiled sweetly. Jesus, she really was kind of hot. And my curiosity piqued when more ink on her back was revealed when she started stocking up the shelves of glasses. I broke away from staring at the poor girl to take a look around the place. It was an old bar, one I'd never even noticed before. It was deep woods, a long bar, and a handful of tables and chairs. My eyes caught the far side of the room, where a deep-red curtain seemed to be covering a stage. All along the walls there were musical instruments, old black-and-white photos, and a "For Rent" sign on the door, but there wasn't a soul in the joint. "I was just about to close up," she said out of the blue. "I can go," I told her, but she shook her head with a smile. "Take as long as you like," she offered. "I've got nowhere else to be, and if you leave now, your fan club will hunt you down." Smiling in thanks, I sipped the beer. "Since you know my name…" She laughed, holding out her hand. "Bella. Bella Swan. Now…let me get you another beer, and you can tell me why you look like someone kicked your puppy…" ~ooo~MBtM~ooo~ A/N… For a bit of a Chapter 2 teaser, go check out The Lemonade Stand. As of now, I've written about half of this story. I can tell you that the chapters will range from about 4500 words to 6500…give or take. It's mostly in Edward's POV, but Bella will make an appearance every now and then. Since I'm so far ahead, updates will be every Sunday and every Wednesday. Yes, there will be a playlist, which will fit the genre of music Radiant Eclipse plays. Yes, I'll post pic teasers on FB and Twitter. If you haven't seen the banner and manip that Beffers87 made for this fic, you have to go take a peek at it; it's gorgeous. I need to thank my pre-readers…GooberLou, DrivingEdward, and inkedupmom…thanks guys for all you do. An addition this time around was SueBee0619, and she's been an amazing help! Special thanks to Edward'sEternal, who lets me brainstorm with her all the time! And big smooches to Jenny, as always. Love you, babe. Okay, see you guys Thursday, with pics in between. Again, the A/Ns won't always be this long, but sometimes, shit happens. Until next time… Mooches, Deb ;)