a C-section at 8 and a half months. Bella was lying there as Charity cut her open. She removes one baby at a time and hands the baby to a family member. Each newborn cried once he/she was out. "That was the last one. Let's sew you up and clean you then you can meet your babies", Charity says Two hours later Bella was back in her room in her bed. Charity was checking the health and weight of the babies. Everyone was in waiting for them. Bella really wanted to see her babies. Soon Charity comes with 3 cradles. "This is Baby A. A boy", Charity says lifting the newborn into Bella's arms He had brown hair and brown eyes looking like his mother. Bella kisses his forehead. His fingers stretch out. "How much does he weigh?" Bella asks "7lbs", Charity replies "What is his name?" Angela asks "Charlie Geoffrey Swan II", Bella says "Really Bells?" Charlie asks shocked "Yes. He looks like you and grandfather so it suits him", Bella says "I will hold my new grandson", Charlie says taking the baby "This is Baby B. It is a girl", Charity says handing over the baby girl She had brown hair and brown eyes too. "She weighed 6lbs 10 ounces", Charity says "Allannah Isabella Swan", Bella says kissing the babies forehead "I will hold Alla", Helen says taking the baby, "Come to your Great Grandma" "This is Baby C. A girl", Charity says handing over the other girl, "She weighed 6lbs 9 ounces" "Emma-Toria Helen Swan", Bella says kissing the baby Emma-Toria had bronze hair and brown eyes. "Nice name", Angela says "Toria is after Victoria", Bella says "Really?" Victoria asks "Yes", Bella says smiling "Can I hold her?" Victoria asks "Here", Bella says handing over the Emma-Toria "This is baby D. A boy", Charity says, "He weight 7lbs 6 ounces" "Peter Everett Swan", Bella says Peter had brown hair and green eyes. "Good name", Angela says "Would you like to hold him? You will be having your own soon", Bella offers "Yes please", Angela says gently taking Peter "This is baby E. And is a boy", Charity says, "He weighed 7lbs 5 ounces" "Jordan Flynn Swan", Bella says Jordan had bronze hair and green eyes. "They are perfect", Helen says "My babies", Bella says eyes glowing with pride and love 3 months later… Bella rocked little Emma-Toria to sleep. When she hears Angela yell. Bella puts her daughter in her crib checks on the others then goes to find Angela. "Are you in labour?" Bella asks her twin "I think so. It started as a back ache but now", Angela gasps Bella pulls out her mobile and calls Ben. "Ben you need to get home. Ange is in labour get the others too", Bella says "I will be right there", Ben says in a rush shutting the phone "They will be here soon", Bella says to Angela rubbing her back The contractions were 1 minutes apart when Ben and the others rush in. "Into my office", Charity says helping Angela into the room and on to the bed, "I need to check how dilated you are" "Ok", Angela says taking deep breaths "Your 9 centimetres. One more and you can push", Charity says, "I better get ready" Bella takes Angela's hand and Ben the other one. One hour later Angela was holding a baby boy in her arms and Ben had a baby girl in his arms. "What are the names?" Charlie asks looking at his grandchildren "Kimberly Izabella Cheney and Davis Lennard Cheney", Ben says proudly "Lovely names", Helen cooed over her new Great Grandchildren "Date of birth September 2nd 2006", Charity says Days turned into 2 years passed with plenty of babies in the house. Soon it was September 19th 2008. "Happy 21th Birthday Bella! Angela!" Victoria says handing her a present "Thanks for the clothes. I actually like these", Bella says looking at the outfit "Mine are great two. Thank you", Angela says "We have a present when we get to our new house for the both of you", Helen says "Thank you Grandma, Grandpa I can't wait", Bella says smiling "Thank you Grandma, Grandpa I can't wait", Angela says at the same time "I have a present for you both when we get to the new house. I had help for Kirsteen", Charlie says smiling "Mama here our present", Charlie II says holding up a badly wrapped present "Let's see what it is", Bella says smiling to her toddlers Bella opens it to find a shirt that had been painted by her Quintuplets. Bella loved Art everyone in the family knew that. "I love it. Now here is your presents", Bella says kissing all of them The Quintuplets giggle. "Here is my present for you Angela", Ben says handing over a present Angela opened it to find a laptop and a set of keys. "What are the keys for a room at the new house that is ours and the other key to my technology room", Ben says "Thank you", Angela says kissing him The others gave presents. And coupons for babysitting days. "Now we leave in the morning. So we must finish packing", Helen says "Where are we going?" Bella asks "Minnesota, Hoyt Lakes", Geoffrey says "It is on a big forest. Nobody will know us", Kirsteen adds "Sounds good to me", Angela says her gold eyes looking at her step-mother Angela had been changed into a vampire last year. She said she didn't want to get any older then Ben. Angela had natural control. She also had a Physical Shield and could connect minds together. They all held a bond together which they could open and close. Once it was in place. Charlie and Kirsteen had married and Kirsteen was officially their mother. Now they were moving they didn't know the surprise waiting there for Bella…. Author's Note: What do you think? Please review and i'll update as soon as possible:)