hand in front of my face, and I ignored all manners, grabbing her wrist and pulling it to my nose as I took deep calming breaths. Slowly, my stomach stopped twisting itself into knots, and I released her hand. "Apologies, I don't think I feel like eating." I turned and left the building, heading outside where the stench of such ill-treated food wouldn't affect me as strongly. I pulled my thermos from my bag and downed half of it in one go, the cool pond water soothing my stomach. "Disgusting." I muttered, trying not to think of that cafeteria again. "What's disgusting? And there's something in your hair." I hadn't realized it, but Alice had sat across from me in the grass, watching me. Curiosity burned in her eyes and I fought off another smirk, it must be killing her. I ignored the hair comment, the tiny strands of moss and algae were as connected to me as the band around my wrist symbolizing my oath. "Curiosity killed the cat you know," I informed her, stowing my thermos, I hadn't expected to need it so soon, I would have to be more careful. She giggled, getting the second end of the joke, "Well satisfaction brought it back." Cute little vampire, I'd have to watch myself if she ever became a threat. "Mmmn, I think it would take a lot more than answers to bring you back my little Pixie." She wrinkled her nose, "Oh come on, just one answer? Two?" I chuckled, "You wouldn't understand, food has no draw for you at all… Or perhaps you would." I tilted my head, noticing her butterscotch eyes, "That… Massacre in there is as repulsive to me, as eating animals must have been to you in the beginning. I should have known to bring my own lunch." Her eyebrows furrowed, and she opened her mouth to ask me a question, thought better of it, and a little smirk danced on her face as she asked, "And what would you have brought to lunch." I shrugged, thinking nothing of the question, "Fresh food from my garden, I try to be self-sustaining, though I will have to stock my larder eventually." "Larder?" She wrinkled her nose again, looking me over. "If you're so self sustaining, where did you get all the leather?" The lack of segue had me thrown, but so far she hadn't asked anything dangerous, so I answered her squirrel-like questions. "I killed the animals, skinned, tanned, and dyed it all myself. I had a friend take care of the sewing, she's far more concerned with the cut of my clothes than I am." "What about this, I thought you weren't supposed to get leather wet?" She reached over to touch my bracer. I ripped my arm away faster than she could see and stood up, my heart pounding in my chest, "Don't ever do that again Alice." I snapped, my body shaking with rage as I stalked away. I knew I had no right to be angry at her, it was sheer ignorance that caused her actions, but with my life bound to the secrecy of this place, I couldn't let her get that close again. I made sure Alice was not in any of my other classes, but I found the scent of many vampires criss-crossing the grounds as I walked to each class, and I couldn't help but find it an amusing diversion, I may not be able to reveal myself, but I can certainly play with them. I walked into my math class, got my slip signed, and yet again sat down by the vampire. Another female, but blonde this time, a glorious tribute to humanity. Her golden hair cascading down strong shoulders that spoke of independence, leading the eye from her perfect waist down to legs that never seemed to end. I looked up into amber eyes and allowed a hum of approval, "There is one thing I shall say for your kind," I took a deep breath, savoring the smell of pine, and sunlight, "Your appearance never disappoints." I murmured, too low for others to hear. She leveled me with a sneer, "Pig." I laughed, drawing attention from my peers who were waiting for class to start, "It was only a compliment." Her snippy remark reminded me of my cat, hissing at anything that moved, and yet still attaining the look of a truly graceful creature. "That's just Rosalie Cullen." A girl on my other side commented, a pretty little morsel, but nothing like the vampire, she was attractive, but she reeked of raw chemicals. "She'll bite your head off for just looking at you wrong." I smiled and took the girl's hand, kissing the knuckles, "And will you also attack me for my admiration?" She blushed, "N-no, I'm uhh, I'm Jessica." She stammered. "It is a pleasure to meet you Jessica." I released her hand slowly, hiding my amusement. Two sentences and the girl was smitten, jealous looks thrown at her from all corners of the room, I had forgotten how fun it is to play with humans. "Th-the uh, the same." She nodded, staring at me with wide eyes, her heart pounding in her chest. Behind me, Rosalie muttered, "Pathetic." No one else heard her, and I couldn't help but agree, if all the humans are so easily manipulated, it is going to be a very boring time here. "She can't help it." I murmured just as low, smiling as Rosalie whipped her head around to glare at me, "She is only human." I had to hold back laughter at the vampire's fury. She couldn't insult me without defending the human for whom she obviously held no regard, and she was trapped by the same humans, unable to attack me without drawing attention. I could smell her rage like a fine wine, intoxicating. Sitting in that classroom, savoring her anger, I decided Alice was an amusement, and the glorious Rosalie is nothing short of captivating.