know." She whispered to herself to which I whipped my head around to face her. "You know him?" I asked surprised and almost hopeful. She nodded her head looking down at her hands in her lap. "How?" "I will tell you everything, I promise, but not until we are at my house. Your father will be home in ten minutes." She said as she took my new bracelet out of it's box and carefully placed it on my wrist, on the one with the bite mark and stood. I stood along with her, picking up my bag and the black satin bag with my things from HIM and followed her down the stairs. We walked out my front door and I locked the dead bolt and turned to find a beautiful baby blue Viper parked behind my truck. How I didn't notice it beforehand, I had no idea. "Wow." I said to her to which she smiled in thanks back. I opened my car door only to realize they open upward like the Lamborghini's and Ferrari's do. I slid into the black leather seat, noticing the doors open and close automatically as I put my seat belt on in awe. The car had lots of black, baby blue and crone as its main colors and a touch screen radio and DVD player. She drove as fast as all the mythical creatures I've met so far drive. Smooth and fast. We arrived at her house within 10 minutes. Her house, if you could call it that was deep into the wood's off a hidden drive, right next to a very large lake and was very similar to the Cullen's window wise. The 3 story house, not including the basement, had lots of glass the length of the walls and light wood and stone. I noticed a large deck came from the second floor where I assumed the kitchen or living room was as we drove and parked inside the detached 4 car garage. She pressed a button on the door once the car was off and the doors automatically opened upward. I climbed out of my seat with my over night bag in hand and saw that she also had a white off-roading Range Rover, a huge black Ford F450 and a silver Ducati. There were a couple 4 wheelers and 2 dirt bikes as well. As we walked out of the garage, I noticed a barn with horses grazing in the distance. "Are they yours?" I asked. She looked to see where I was looking and smiled. "Yeah. I've had each of em since they were colts. I have several houses like this around the world and I take them and my two dogs everywhere with me." She answered as she opened the front door and two large black pitbulls came bounding over to her. "This is Athena and Jerico. They are not actually real dogs, but I will go into that later. In the mean time, follow me and I will give you a tour of the property. In about two weeks, your Dad will be explaining that he will be selling your house and moving in with his friend Sue. Apparently, they are getting quite serious in a relationship that he will be telling you about this week." She explained winking in my direction as she stood up from giving her two 'dogs' attention. I wasn't surprised to hear about Charlie and Sue. He has been over there more than he was at home and when he did come home, he always brought home meals for us from her house. But one thing he always made sure to spend the night at home for when I had my nightmares, making sure he was always there to calm me down. I was happy for him. He deserved some happiness in his life after the time he's had. I knew one day I would go away to college and it felt good to know that no matter what happened to me in the future, he had somebody now. She lead me through the front doors into the main room. Spiral stairs circled the room to the many floors covered in marble and glass. It was so light and open in the house that you couldn't help but have your spirits lifted. From there I followed her through an archway to the side of the house to a beautiful kitchen. There was black marble counter tops and white cupboards with stainless steal appliances. Over looking the kitchen was a living room with a sectional, a chaise with a connecting ottoman and a large white entertainment center with a flat screen TV. Sliding glass doors took you to the deck high up and over looking the property. "What's that house over there?" I asked pointing towards a small one story house with a small deck and hot tub. "That is the guest home/cover home. Since I live here alone and am attending high school as an 18 year old, it would look odd with me owning all this on my own. So I had the guest house built claiming I rent it from the owners of this house considering the fact that it's normal for 18 year old's to have their own place. Sometimes I pose as my real age which is 21 and can pull off owning this house and all this." She explained while we looked over the view of the lake. "Smart. Makes sense." I nodded then paused. "Why do you live alone?" "I think it is time I tell you my story. First off...I am half demon, half phoenix. I am fairly young, almost a toddler compared to other demons or phoenix's. I have yet to meet another half breed with my heritage. (~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~) A/N: So, what did everyone think of the first chapter? Bella's mother and I will be co writing this story as well. Hope you have enjoyed this first chapter... Keep reading and reviewing... ~*Dragon*~