hand she signs ok. She was wondering why they were so happy. "Hey Bella are you behaving yourself?" Embry asks smiling Bella nodded. "Here is a new book for you Bells. I thought you might like it", Jared says passing her the book 'Thank you' Bella signs "Here is another gift for you Bells. It is a scrap book full of pictures of everyone", Sam says passing her the scrap book Bella quickly opens it to find pictures of the whole pack, her parents, herself growing up, her friends here in Forks and pictures of the Cullen's. Bella's eyes filled with tears and she quickly opens her arms. Sam knew immediately what she wanted and quickly gives her a hug. "Your very welcome Bella. Your and sister and we'll never leave you", Sam says letting her go "Bells I have a surprise for you", Ange says smiling Bella quickly turns to Ange and signs 'what'. She was getting quite good at sign. "Bella?" a very familiar voice says from the doorway Bella looked up to see her love Edward standing in the doorway. Bella's eyes immediately light up. And she reached for him. She knew he would come. She knew he loved her. "Ed…Eddie", Bella says smiling proud of herself for getting most of his name out Everyone gasps. Bella hadn't spoken since the accident. Edward laughs and walks over to her, "You know I hate that name. But I like you saying it", he says kissing her temple "Eddie", Bella says again smiling He smiles, "Bella I owe you an apologue. I didn't mean the things I said in the woods. I love you Bella with all my heart and soul" "Love", Bella says Edward knew immediately what she meant. He couldn't believe that she still loved him. After everything he had put her through. "Can I kiss you?" he asks her Bella quickly nods her head. Edward leans down and places a kiss on her lips gently not wanting to hurt her. When he is done, he moves to sit in a chair when Bella's frail hand stops him. And she begins to tug weakly on his hand. "Do you want me to sit up there with you?" Edward asks her Bella nods and Edward quickly jumps onto the bed gently and moves Bella gently into his lap. Bella quickly snuggles into his chest. "Bella", an excited voice calls out Bella looks up to see her best friend standing in the doorway. "Ali", Bella manages to get out Alice smiles hiding her sadness at seeing her best friend in the hospital. Alice quickly goes over to her and gives her a gentle hug. "I have missed you sister", Alice says Bella doesn't reply but tries to hug her back tightly. "Hey Bella boo", Emmett says entering the room Bella's eyes quickly light up again at seeing her brother bear. "Emmy", Bella gets out Emmett smiles and quickly goes over and gives her a hug. "I missed you baby sister. It hasn't been the same without you", Emmett says letting her go "Hey Bella", Rosalie says walking into the room, "I'm sorry for how I treated you before we left. I do think as you as my sister" "Rosie", Bella says Rose laughs, "Close enough", she says walking over and hugging Bella tightly "I'm so sorry Bella about your birthday", Jasper says entering the room. Bella shakes her head and reaches her arms out for a hug, "Jazzy" Jasper hesitates for a second and when he sees Bella trying to get to him and feeling her frustration and anger of not being able to move her legs. Quickly goes to her side and hugs her tightly. "You're my sister Bella. I have missed you a lot", Jasper says letting go Bella smiles at him and signs something in her hands. "She says you have always been forgiven. And that you are her brother", Ange translates Jasper's face quickly lights up and he goes to hug her again. As soon as he let's go Carlisle and Esme enter the room and Bella's face quickly lights up again. She looks at Esme first and says the word, "Mum" Esme quickly rushes to Bella the person she calls a daughter. Edward quickly gets off the bed just as Esme wraps her arms around Bella and holds her close. Bella does the same with little strength she had. They all could see the tears running down her cheek. She quickly looks up at Carlisle and says the word, "Daddy" With that one word Carlisle knew he was forgiven for ever leaving her. He quickly rushes to his daughter's side and hugs her tightly. "Oh my daughter we have missed you", Esme breathes "Bella we will never leave you again. Your my daughter and I love you", Carlisle says to her Finally they were holding their daughter in their arms. They knew she was safe as long as she was in their arms. They soon pull away and Carlisle wipes the stray tears from Bella's eyes. "Bella we have come to grant your wish", Carlisle says looking at her Bella's face quickly lights up again. "We are going to make you into a vampire. This very night if you want to", Edward says firmly Bella nods her head eagerly. They all knew she wanted a normal life and they all planned to give that to her. "Ok then. Let's get going", Carlisle says 3 days later all of Forks knew that Bella Swan had died of complications from the crash and they had all turned out at Forks cemetery to say goodbye to the girl who was so selfless and loving. Who had changed their lives for the better. Who taught them all to be selfless and caring. Far away Bella Swan stood tall in a beautiful meadow kissing the one she loved on Christmas morning. All the while knowing that Christmas's wishes do come true… Author's Note: What do you think? Please review:)