and I will go over and speak to Bella." Bella heard his wheelchair in the background. "I think its time that we tell Charlie about what his daughter has been up to." She cringed as she pushed the conversation out of her mind. She felt her heart damn near stop when Sue opened the door and smiled to Charlie and then turned to her. "The results were inconclusive." She smiled sadly at Charlie. "We'll have to send them out." Her eyes met Bella's. "Do be careful in the future Isabella." Charlie frowned at the fact Sue used Bella's full name. Bella just nodded with a sigh and made her way out of the room and towards the exit. She wanted to get home as soon as she could because the odd feeling wouldn't seem to leave. She felt her heart start to pick up as she grew closer to the front because the sudden wet dog smell was growing stronger the further she grew towards the front. Bella had to cover her nose for a moment as she closed her eyes and took a few calming breathes through her mouth. She couldn't see or hear a dog barking thus Bella knew there wasn't any dogs near but the smell was getting stronger as she stood there. When she did open her eyes, she spotted Jake coming towards her shaking, wrapped in a blanket. His eyes grew wide as he finally noticed her. "Bells?" Bella could see something was wrong with him then realized the smell of wet dog was coming from Jake. "What's wrong, Jake?" Bella asked moving closer only for him to stiffen as his nose flared. "Are you sick?" His eyes widen for a moment then closed as his head dropped in defeat. "Y-Yeah, I...I'm kinda sick Bells," When he looked up she could see the tears in his eyes and knew he was lying. "I...I'll see ya later." Jake didn't give her a second glance as he hurried by her and into a room opposite of the one Bella was in. Charlie finally came out of the room with Sue. He was nodding at Sue and she couldn't help but wonder what Sue told him. Seeing Jake here, caused Bella to feel out of place once again. Shaking her head, Bella hurried out of the door and towards the cruiser. It was only when she grabbed a hold of the handle of the passenger door that she heard a deep threatening growl. Bella jumped, spinning around because she didn't know if it was Victoria. She knew Victoria was still out there somewhere and wondered why she was waiting. Surely Victoria would have done something by now. Pulling herself out of those kind of thoughts, Bella jerked the car door open and got in as quickly as she could. She didn't know how she knew but that growl was a threat to her and she didn't like it one bit. When the door opened, Charlie got in with a frown on his face. Bella didn't know what Sue told him but she could tell by his body language that it wasn't good. Bella sighed and looked out of the window as he started to cruiser, pulled out of the car stall and pulled out onto the road. Neither of them spoke as he headed back to the house but Bella knew her father well enough that he was only gathering his thoughts before he spoke. She didn't understand what was going on but Bella knew that soon she wouldn't be able to stay around Charlie because if she was changing, her diet would soon change. Even if she never said how she felt, Bella loved Charlie almost as much as she did Renee yet neither of her parents were good with words. She kept her eyes watching the scenery as it passed but soon the scenery stopped as did the car. "Dad?" Bella questioned as she turned her eyes to her father only to see him staring at the steering wheel with a frown on his face. "Is everything ok?" Charlie didn't say anything for a little bit. "Sue said something that caused me some concern." When he did look at her, Bella felt her heart stopped at the look on his face. "She said that the world I knew wasn't how I viewed it. Do you know what she's trying to tell me?" Shit! Was the only thing going through Bella's mind as she stared at her father. "Let's get home and then we'll talk." She hoped that would pacify him for a few minutes longer. "Billy, Harry and Sam Uley are going to be at the house a little later." Charlie said starting the cruiser up, not noticing his daughter stiffen. "Do you know why they would need to talk to me? Or you?" He raised a brow at her. Bella kept her mouth shut but nodded. "I'll tell you everything as soon as we get home and talk to Billy." She kept her eyes looking out the passenger window. "For what its worth, I do love you, dad." She looked at him quickly then turned her eyes back to the scenery as it passed. "And I'm sorry." Her eyes were looking out at the scenery as a few tears ran down her cheeks. Bella knew that something was happening to her but she didn't know what and if it would hurt her father. The only thing she did know was that Charlie was starting to smell rather nice, in a bad way. (~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~) Author Note – So what do you think is going to happen when Charlie and Bella get home? It will take at least 8 to 12 hours for Demetri, Jane and Felix to arrive in Forks thus what will happen between now and then? Will Charlie be alright with what is happening? Or will Bella be on her own? Stay tuned til the next chapter, til then keep reading and reviewing... ~*Dragon*~