wanting to do since the moment we met. EMPOV Alice and Rose talked the whole way First Beach, which wasn't anything unusual except they were also talking about Bella. Jasper and Edward were discussing some of the new plays that we were running at practice, and I was trying to listen to both conversations. When we arrived at the beach, the sun was shinning it was an unusually warm day, I heard laughing and looked down towards the water, there was Bella in the arms of boy, he was holding her over the water. Damn, should of guessed she had a boyfriend, why wouldn't she, look at her. The boy set her down, and when she looked up, she was looking straight at me, she cocked her head to the side and smiled a warm smile at me. This didn't go un-noticed by her boyfriend, he looked up at us, and I recognized him immediately, he took her arm and turned her and started walking her back down the beach. She stopped and was talking to him, he tried to start walking again, she headed towards the parking lot, he didn't go with her. "I'll be right back," I said to Edward, and walked after Bella, I walked up right behind her and she ran straight into me when she turned around, I caught her before she could fall. "That's twice today, I have saved you," I said smiling. "Well technically if you hadn't been trying to sneak up behind me, I wouldn't have walked into you," her eyes twinkled as she joked. "Are you having a nice time?" I said, shutting the door to her Volvo and turning back towards the beach. "Yes, it's been a nice day," the wind blew, and a few strand of hair went across her face, I reached up and brushed them back, and tucked them behind her ear. A jolt of electricity surged through my fingers when I touched her, she closed her eyes and took a deep breathe. "Your boyfriend, doesn't look to happy," I said seeing Jacob Black glaring at me. "Wh-what, I don't have a boyfriend," she said looking where I was. "Oh, that Jake, he's a friend, I've known him most of my life." My heart started beating again, he wasn't her boyfriend that was good, he was her friend though that might be a big enough obstacle. "I should get back," she said, she looked hesitant. "Bella," I started not really sure what I wanted to say, but not wanting her to walk away. "Are you busy later?" I asked. "I don't think so," she looked back at me with her big brown eyes. "Would you like to have dinner with me tonight?" I asked, hoping that she would say yes. "Dinner, with you Emmett?" she bit on her lower lip, something that in itself the hottest thing I had ever seen. "Yes with me, I'm sorry I shouldn't have asked," I was feeling a bit embarrassed now. "No, I would love to have dinner with you," she smiled at me. "Can I pick you up at 6?" She placed her soft hand on my forearm, looked up at me and said "I'll be waiting." I watched her walk back down to beach and I walked back to my group with a little skip in my step. I was going out with Bella. BPOV I couldn't believe it as I walked back down to Jake; I was going out on a date, with Emmett. "What did he want," Jake said his good mood was gone, his eyes were dark. "He just came over to talk to me, is there a problem," I asked, my good mood was leaving too. "I am going to head back to see if Charlie is ready to head home, do you want a ride back." I asked, wanting to know what his problem was but not wanting to make him any moodier. "No, I am going to stay here a bit, Can I call you tomorrow, Bella?" he asked. "Yeah Jake, talk to you tomorrow," I wanted to get back home as soon as I could and get cleaned up for my date, I practically skipped back to my car. The drive back to Billy's was a short one, Charlie and Billy were still sitting on the porch when I pulled in the drive, Charlie got up and walked over to me. "Hey Bells, everything ok, where's Jake," Charlie asked. "Everything fine, Jake stayed down at the beach, I am going to head home, are you ready," I asked. "Nah, I think I am going to hang here for a bit, I'll catch a ride, Whats the rush Bells?" he asked looking at me with that Dad look. "Umm, wellEmmettCullenaskedmetogotodinnertonightandIsaidyes, I said way to fast. "Say that again in English Bells," Charlie laughed. "Emmett Cullen asked me to go to dinner tonight and I said yes," I said, slowing my words down to human speed. Charlie just looked at me for a few minutes. Uh Oh I thought. "Is that ok Dad, that I said yes, you didn't have plans tonight for us, did you?" I hoped that I didn't hurt his feelings. "No Bells, a date with Emmett, that's cool, he's a great kid," Charlie smiled at me. "Do I have a time to be home by Dad?' I asked, Renee's curfews for me varied by activity, not that I dated much. "Not to late Bells, home by 11, how does that sound?" Charlie was new at this parent thing, and if I wanted to I could have pushed him back a bit, but decided to go easy on him. "Hey Dad," I said quietly, "I get the feeling that Jacob isn't too fond of the Cullen's, can you fill me in." "Well, there's a story behind it, we'll talk about it another time," Charlie said looking a bit uncomfortable. "Bye Dad" "Have fun Bells!" Charlie said waving as I drove away.