me, and Aro chortled loudly at us. "Oh, dear Bella, I wondered if your clumsiness would make a final appearance." "Don't kill them," I pleaded with him. "I left my father a note telling him I was leaving, but I didn't tell him where. He doesn't know about vampires, I never told him." "Then what has you so concerned?" Aro asked. I bit my lip. "I may need to call a friend when I wake up, to say goodbye." "Does he know about us?" Caius demanded. "I-I, er, well, I never said anything-" "So yes," Caius growled. He was irate. "Who?" "They're not human," I tried to defend myself. "Not human?!" Caius roared. "Brother, calm yourself," Aro placated kindly. "Bella, are you referring to the boy in dear Alice's memories? The wolf?" Marcus looked down at me, his eyes finally showing emotion. It was concern. "Werewolves?" "Shapeshifters," Aro dismissed the concern. "Yes, it's him," I admitted. "Please, if I don't return he'll come to Italy to find me. He needs to hear from me." Aro gave me a sweet smile. "Dear Bella, we have no intention of denying you that privilege. Just be aware that when you call, if you fail to assure him there is no reason to stir up trouble we will be forced to stop him." The dark look in Aro's eyes mixed with Caius' murderous expression convinced me that they were serious. I nodded vigorously. "Excellent!" Aro clapped. "Well, Bella, are you ready?" I tried to climb back onto the table. When I nearly faceplanted into the steel, Marcus' arms wrapped around me and lifted me into position. I smiled awkwardly at the man. Marcus was the one who fastened me to the table. He ran from one side to another, tenderly moving each limb into place and in a shackle. When he finished, I shimmied to test the restraints and found Marcus' eyes fixed on my moving form. "Sorry." "If it would be acceptable to you, topolina, " Marcus aired, locking eyes with mine, "may I have the pleasure of turning you?" The intensity of the look left me speechless. I nodded. "Brother, you cannot keep her for yourself!" Aro exclaimed. "We have not had such an opportunity to change a member of the guard since our dear Chelsea, and then it was simply you and I. Think of what might happen if all three of us were to bite her!" "Three?" I squeaked. The idea of having three vampires sucking her blood made her worry. After James had nearly killed her, and Edward had nearly drained her, the idea of having three vampires who hungered from her blood coming so close to killing her was a little nerve-wracking. I realized, for the first time, that they could very well kill me. Marcus seemed to stiffen. "Brother, you frighten the girl." "Apologies, Bella," Aro quickly reassured her. "Of course, Marcus should be the first. However, if you'd consent, Caius and I would give you a quick bite." "Consent?" Caius scoffed. "She should be honoured." "Brother," Marcus growled. Lips buzzed in a communication too quick to understand. I bit my lip, stressed at the choice that the brothers seemed to be arguing over. "We need to do this soon, or our guests may try to interfere," Aro pointed out to the others before turning to me. "Bella, dear one, would you allow all of us to bite you?" "You won't, er, kill me?" I asked bluntly. Caius growled, earning a responding one from Marcus. "We have been alive for thousands of years. We have self-control." I nodded at him and then looked at Marcus, his eyes fixed on me. He seemed the safest of all the brothers, a calm influence on the other two. And he seemed protective of me. "You'll bite me first?" I asked. "Make sure they don't kill me?" Marcus brushed the mess of my hair out of my face, nearly tenderly, revealing my neck to his gaze. "I will protect you." With a deep breath, I nodded. "Then let's do this." Marcus had no more words of comfort for me, but I didn't need it. Not when his arms braced on either side of my head, offering the privacy of being behind his body and away from his brothers' critical gaze. He was protecting her, even before the bite. I knew he could see my gratitude for the act in my eyes, and it was the first time I saw a small smile lift the corners of his lips. With that small smile, Marcus bent low and drew his cold nose down the column of my neck, making my heart stutter and breath falter. I could have sworn I felt Marcus kiss my neck before I felt the razor-sharp bite. The sting hit before the shock. I could feel a light sucking at my neck, and the wound smarted and made me flinch. I was surprised to hear the moan of pleasure coming from Marcus as he fed from me, rocking me through. But when he did that, it seemed to have released him from my blood and he removed himself. When I looked into his intense, newly crimson eyes, the pain started. Fire started at my neck, traveling and taking over everything. I begged, desperately. I wanted it to stop, but I knew exactly what it was. I'd felt the burning before. Two additional flames were added to my body, roasting me alive. Both of my ankles had been bitten by the other Volturi kings, and the pain took over. I tried to relieve the pain by moving, but I was chained to the table. Think about something else, I pleaded my brain. Anything but the pain. I tried to think about Edward, but nothing. I tried to replace the pain with some meditative techniques Charlie tried to teach me while she was in my comatose state, but nothing. Finally, with my desperation, my brain shut down and I passed out.