"No, but I think things will work out for you." "Who knows," I said, leaning against the crib. "He still crying a lot?" I changed the subject. Sam shrugged. "Yeah, but not nearly as much. The doctors think he's growing out of it, thank God." "I can imagine," I said, smirking. "Must be stressful." As awkward as it was having a normal conversation with Sam, it was nice to get back into familiar territory. And that was also the price at having a relationship with their son; good terms. "Very, especially when I'm out on patrol." I decided to wade into another topic. "Did you ever consider just... giving it up? The pack? Jacob could take charge." Sam finished changing his diaper and took my words in, before gently easing him back into my arms. "I've considered it. I'm just not quite ready yet. Soon, but not yet. It's also a big responsibility. I can imagine you want to settle down, too? You always said you wanted a family young." I didn't want to hear Sam tell me what I used to want, and I shook my head. "I believe in what the pack does. I'd have to figure out how to stop phasing, too, first. It's just a lot of hassel. I've got plenty of time." Sam nodded. "Just don't get too caught up in the future," he said gently. "Because you don't want Jacob to fool my future up?" I asked, outright. He hesitated. "I don't want him to hurt you." "I know. But that's the risk we took. It's a lot easier to know the consequences of your actions before you do them, rather than after," I said, slightly spitefully. He sighed. "I am sorry, Leah. I was going to tell you, once I got everything figured out myself. I figured Seth would eventually phase, anyways, and then it would be hard to keep it from you." "It's in the past," I said finally. "I know everything now, and I've moved past it." For the most part. "I'm glad," Sam said. "Jacob treats you right. I know the future is questionable, but at least you know that's what you both signed up for." "Yeah, well all anyone can do is live for the moment." Seth appeared in the doorway, then, and the conversation died. "I wanted to see him," he justified his visit, entering the nursery. "Can I hold him?" I smiled at my brother, and it was still weird to have to look up at him, instead of down. "Of course. Just be careful." I was only vaguely aware how awkward the situation was, considering I had always dreamed of being up in the nursery with a baby; Sam's baby. It was too surreal, and I passed Ben over to Seth. He nodded, and as soon as I placed him into his arms, he started crying. Seth pulled back a little and frowed. "Uh.." Sam chuckled and leaned down, taking him out of Seth's arms. "He's fussy, it's not you." I grinned. "He just woke up, he's probably hungry." Sam nodded, "Go get Emily, okay?" He asked Seth as he left. "I'll give her some privacy," I said softly, making for the door. "You can stay if you want," Sam said gently as Ben kept crying. He was rocking him gently. I smiled, but shook my head. "I'll give you guys some time, screaming babies still aren't my specialty. But you're a good dad." Sam smiled back. "Thank you. You're terrific with him." I nodded, and then left, shutting the door as I went downstairs, passing Emily coming up. "Feeding time?" She asked, laughing. "Yep, if he can stop crying long enough," I only half-joked as I returned outside with the guys. "Making the baby cry, huh, Lee?" Quil teased. I rolled my eyes. "Of course, I have that overwhelming effect," I joked. Jacob came up behind me and wrapped his arms around my waist. "For sure," he smirked, kissing the back of my neck, causing me to shiver forward, out of his grasp. "No PDA, please," Seth grumbled. "These ones are bad enough," he elbowed Jared, who was sat behind him, with Kim in his arms. They had returned from their earlier shopping expediton, I assumed, Rachel over with Paul. "At least it keeps them quiet," Jacob joked. Paul chuckled. "Whatever, Black." "I heard theres a party on the beach tonight for the graduating class in Seattle. I don't know why they're having it here, but maybe I can find a pretty girl," Embry smirked. "And hopefully," I said spitefully. "She's of age. So I assume that's where everyone's going tonight?" They all nodded; crashing a pale-faced party? Perfect. Even more perfect, because the girl I worked with, Jenna, was going to be there. She was graduating this year, and I couldn't wait to meet her friends, and the infamous boyfriend she went on and on about constantly. Authors Note: Hope you guys liked this new addition to Wounded! I'm really excited about continuing the story! Maybe this will have to be a three-part kind of thing. Sequel to the sequel anyone? If anyone wants to see Leah actually settle down, I'll definitely have to contemplate writing another story after this one, because the fiery Clearwater's not ready just yet. I hope you guys read this story just as much as you did Wounded and enjoy it all the same! Remember, I love your reviews! However, if you want a huge action-story, this really isn't it. I haven't decided a huge plot twist just yet that directly involves Leah, but there's plenty brewing. It's mostly an exploration of the Blackwater relationships, supporting characters, and lots of romance, no evil vampires going to tear apart La Push in this story, sorry guys! But if you continue reading, there will be plenty of drama and relationship fluff, as well as the fierce Clearwater gene, so thank you all who are continuing to follow this story! Review! -Dramaticfield