He is unfaithful and corny and Heidi often suspects he wants her only for her body, but he serves as a good distraction, and that is all she wants. .oOXOo. Maybe clarity is worse than uncertainty. It is a cold afternoon in the November of 1586 when Aro calls for her. She has just returned from a successful journey to Norway, from where she has retrieved over fourty humans for her fellow coven members. When Heidi enters his office, he orders her to take a seat, and she instantly knows what must be the topic of conversation. Aro tells her that a nomad has recently visited him, and in his memories, he has found the nomad by the name of Valentinus to have walked by the house of Antonius and his father in the year of 10 AD where he witnessed a little scene. "The child's father was opening the door," Aro explains. "Antonius, I believe. He saw the child on his doorstep and picked it up. Then he stared at it for a while, looked it in the eyes. The child began to cry. Tiberius didn't like his father." "What happened next?" Heidi asks. Aro is silent for a moment, and deep inside, Heidi already knows what he is going to tell her. "He..." Aro deliberately and carefully chooses his wording, as if he were on trial, "He put the child back down." Heidi closes her eyes and takes a deep, unnessecary breath. "And... then?" "Well, Valentinus asked Antonius why he was not taking the child. He pointed out the obvious similarities between him and the baby, but Antonius denied them. When the nomad asked the boy what he was going to do with the child, he said that... that he wasn't going to do anything ." Heidi gulps, wishing she could cry. She looks calm, but inside, she is falling apart. All the pain she has suppressed for the past centuries comes crawling back up, and she suddenly wonders if Marcus would be up for a double suicide pact. "So my little boy died of hunger because his father refused to take care of him?" she asks brokenly. Aro stays silent. "Please tell me the truth," Heidi begs. "How much truth can you take?" Aro responds. "I want to know," Heidi says. "I need to know. Please." "Well, if you absolutely need to know.." the mahogany-haired vampire king replies uncomfortably, sighing. "Valentinus showed him mercy." Heidi screams out in pain, clutching her chest at the thought of her little baby boy being killed by some stranger vampire. She feels just like in the parchment shop all over again, desperate and pained and sorrowful and frightened and guilty and in agony, all at once. She barely hears Aro when he concludes, "He did not suffer." .oOXOo. For several weeks, Heidi sits inanimately in her room, mute and deep in thought. She is both numb and in pain, and no-one dares to try and calm her down, not even Demetri. It is the only time since Heidi joins the Volturi that the coven members are forced to hunt for themselves again. When she recovers, Heidi becomes a workaholic. Her relationship with Demetri shatters, but they stay friends with benefits. More and more she dives into her work, not planning to ever see the surface again, and gradually, she grows to enjoy her work. She grows to enjoy leading humans on, to enjoy seeing their faces contort in fear when they eventually see her for what she really is. Heidi grows very close with Jane. She sees Antonius, the shop assistant and Antonius' father in every victim she kills, and she relishes in their screams. .oOXOo. Heidi's personality changes. From the shy, fearful, reclusive girl she was when she entered the Volturi, she transforms into a bold, self-conscious, slightly sadistic woman. Her wardrobe changes, too. The long dresses she had so longed to wear as a human grow shorter and shorter, until eventually, Heidi's signature outfit becomes a skin-tight red mini-dress paired with black stilettos. The very essence of the Volturi —intimidation, narcism and flawless work— becomes the light to her darkness. .oOXOo. When a delegation of Volturi guards travel to Forks in the early 2000's to take of a newborn army Victoria had created, Jane brings Heidi the ashes of the vampire that had once been her coven mate. Heidi stares at the little wooden box pensively and melancholically for a short moment, then throws it into her fireplace. "Thank you for the generous gift, Jane," she says. "I wanted to do this from the second I layed eyes on that woman." .oOXOo. Heidi, an unnaturally pale and beautiful young woman of perhaps sixteen years, stands at the edge of the street, protected by the shadows. Her curvaceous body is barely covered by the expensive piece of red clothing that is a dress. She isn't cold anymore. She never is, neither physically, nor mentally. "Would you like to take a tour?" Footnotes: ( 1 ) Battle of Teutoburg Forest, 9 AD. ( 2 ) The river that goes through Rome, highly unhygienic during Roman times. (3 ) And yes, believe it or not, they had wigs in Ancient Rome. Author's Note : I hope you enjoyed it! It took hours to write this, but the idea just wouldn't leave me alone and the end result isn't too bad, so I suppose it was worth it. As you might have noticed, I changed a few aspects of Heidi's life from the way SM imagined it, namely that according to SM, she was born some time around 1530 in Germany. I hope that didn't ruin the story for you in some kind of way, but I just thought Heidi belonged into Ancient Rome rather than into Germany sometime between the Middle Ages and the Renaissance. Please leave behind a review! I would very much appreciate it as this story was really a piece of rather intense work. Thank you and goodbye! ~