simply stated. Alice grinned and shrugged a shoulder. "Designer glitch," she countered, but said no more about it. "Designer glitch, my ass," Edward mumbled, plopping down in the chair next to mine as Alice disassembled Igor for more work. "But I have to say, that shit's impressive." "No kidding," I sighed, gazing over at him and smiling when he leaned over and kissed me. "We were just about to discuss whether or not to take a case this week. Wanna vote, handsome?" He shrugged a shoulder. "I'm okay either way. What's on the list?" Rose nodded and got up from the table, picking up her tablet. "Okay, here we go. We've got an old cold case: missing woman from about twenty years ago." "No, not enough time to start a cold case that old," I answered. "Okay. There's a possible cheater case…" The boys all groaned, but it was Edward that asked, "Male or female?" Rose laughed. "The wife is the suspected cheater." "No," he simply said, grinning when I cracked up. "What? I don't fucking feel like dealing with some cheating woman, sweetness. Keep going." He motioned with his hand to Rose, whose face was highly amused. Rose chuckled, but went on. "Um, let's see… There's a possible security detail, but it lasts through next week." "Nah," Jasper argued. "Nothing simple?" The phones rang, but Alice picked it up in the computer room, putting them on hold almost immediately. She rolled herself to the conference table. "Edward, they're asking for you. It's a David Hopper…said he went to Forks High with you?" she told him. "He did." Edward frowned, but picked up the blinking line. "Cullen." He paused, his brow furrowing. "Okay, slow down, Dave." He pointed to the pad and pen in the center of the desk, and I slid it to him. "Tell me what happened." Edward listened intently, nodding in different spots, but wrote quickly on the pad in front of him. "When was the last time you saw him? And have you called the chief? Oh. Hey, Chief Clark...yeah, I can…or we can. I've got to fuel up, and I can send Jasper with the dogs…" He paused again. "Okay, give us ten or fifteen. We'll be up in the air. You can patch into Alice for information." Edward said nothing else, but hung the phone up. "Looks like we don't have a choice as to what we're doing next. Dave's father is missing. And the chief needs me in the air." He stood up, and the rest of us followed suit. "Alice, I need you patched into Forks Police and the camera on the chopper…most likely infrared. Jasper, Bella, take the dogs and head over to this address. It's in that retirement community. See if they can't lock onto a scent. It seems Dave's father has dementia or Alzheimer's or some shit. He'd been doing okay, but Dave said he's just started to wander. Usually, he finds him in the recreation center of the community, but no one has seen or heard from him since yesterday when the nurse came by. The nurse just called him a few minutes ago, said the place was empty." "Okay," I agreed, pointing to Alice. "Get Edward a flight plan. Emmett, you ride with us, but I want you talking to neighbors. Rose, if this goes over…" "I'll get the kids from school and Sammy from Mrs. Cope's. On it. Just go." I stepped outside the doors. "Lock and Load!" I had to grin, because two large, fluffy dogs came popping out of the dog door that Edward had installed in our front door. They galloped across the yard, coming to stand in front of me. They looked menacing, but were far from it, and they were completely opposite of each other. Lock was smaller, lighter in color, but looked more like a wolf than Husky. Load was big – damn big – and dark, making him look mean, but he was actually the cuddlier of the two. Together, though, they were smart as hell and had proven easy to train for searches. Edward chuckled at their happy faces as he walked by. He dropped a quick kiss to the side of my head before tugging his baseball cap on backwards. "Constant communication, sweetness. Let's hope he's at a neighbor's house or some shit, yeah? 'Cause if he's in the woods, we're gonna have fucking rough-ass time finding him." "Right," I agreed with a nod. "We'll patch in when we get there. I'll let you know if the dogs catch a scent." Edward nodded, waving a hand over his shoulder before beginning his checklist for his chopper. I clicked the remote for the Volvo SUV, popping open the back hatch and looking to the dogs. "Load up. Time to get to work, boys." ~oOo~ A/N… There you go. We simply stepped right back into their lives. I do want to tell you that these chapters aren't as long as the stories before it. That doesn't mean anything other than it was easier on ME personally as far as how this plot goes. And that's not to say they won't vary in length depending on content. I found that somewhere around 6000 words was less cumbersome than before. Pfft, that simply means there may be more chapters in the long run. And no, I don't know how many there will be at this point. I need to thank a few people now…and will most likely thank them many, many times before this is complete. JenRar, who stayed perfectly patient while waiting for me to get back around to Mercward, but was a teary mess when she read this first chapter. MWAH ILY. My pre-readers – GooberLou, Inkedupmom, and drivingedward (aka Pamela Stephenson) – have been an amazing help. And Beffers87, who has made some GORGEOUS banners and manips, along with FallingSnow… Thank you guys! Okay, you know the drill… I'll see you guys again Wednesday. Until then… Mooches, Deb