once a month. Later, I'll feel awful and only eat half my bland supper as punishment. I deserve to go to bed hungry for what I just said. The only part that was true is my hate for her, but that's my fault not hers. Of course I don't ever tell her these things. It's six-forty eight. I have to wrap this session up, so I raise Isabella's legs and place them over my shoulder. She whimpers as I really begin pounding her. The sound of the headboard hitting the wall is loud in the otherwise quiet room. I make a mental note to move it later. For the next five minutes, I watch my glistening shaft slide inside and outside of Isabella's pink folds. She's muttering and cursing under her breath as I play with her clitoris. I long to taste her again, but there isn't time. I never understand how an hour with her can go so fast but yet so slowly with everyone else. Watching Isabella bite her lip, I come gloriously-squirting my seed all over her lower stomach. She dips her finger into the thick globs and begins licking it all up. I find it disgusting, so I look away as she finishes the task. "Edward, I have a favor to ask," she says slowly. I hold up my hand and roll to the side. "I can't. We have a deal, remember?" Silently, she nods and goes into the bathroom. When she returns, she slips on the dress, places her underwear into a small purse, and walks out of the room. I stare at the clock and wait for the last two minutes to pass. It's seven and Isabella is gone. I wish I could cry, but that is one of many emotions that I can't ever express. Instead I wash up and go downstairs for dinner, remembering to cut the portion in half. Halfway through the hour, my cock begins to rise. Not bothering to leave the table, I unbutton my jeans and let it free. I think of Isabella's lips and breasts as I stroke my shaft. I use the pre-cum as a lubricant and squeeze until I ache. I hate myself. I hate myself. I hate myself.. Thankfully, there is an overhead clock. I focus on it as I begin to orgasm. It's eight-forty two, and I'm miserable. Groaning, I stand up and go to the bathroom to wash myself. Then I return and load the dishwasher. Everything continues in the same manner until bed time. I fight the urge to call Isabella, but the need wins in the end. She doesn't answer her phone, so I go to the window and pick up my binoculars. I am somewhat of a voyeur, and Isabella indulges me. As usual, her balcony curtains are open. I watch as a muscular man opens the doors. They are now outside. Bella is wearing a robe. The guy quickly slips it off of her and drops to his knees. Her nakedness is magnificent under the full moon. The way her hips flare out from that impossibly small waist drives me insane. I open my window so that I might hear and see better. Isabella places her hands on the rails and looks over to my house. I watch her spread her legs as the mystery man explores her body. We lock eyes. She's never let another man take her in front of me before-this both startles and disgusts me. I don't dare look away. I know Isabella needs more than the daily hour that I can give her. She hates me. She hates me. She hates me. The man doesn't know where to look, so he can't see me. Isabella smiles as he begins licking her flesh. I feel jealous, and that scares me to the bone. She is not mine. I can't let her have my schedule. She will ruin me. After what feels like hours; the man stands up, puts on a condom, and aligns his dick. I see he goes for Isabella's other hole. My eyes widen as he pushes into her. I watch her big hazel eyes roll back into her head. They fuck loudly. Fuck is the only word I can think to describe it. A little while later, I step away and lock the window. I can tell that Isabella is close, and I don't wish to see another man bring her to orgasm. She looks…hurt as I close the curtains. Internally, I smile. ~~~TBH~~~ Thursday is more of the same. I wake up and run like the devil is chasing me. The light drizzle feels good on my heated flesh. As I round the corner, I see the muscular man's car is still in Isabella's driveway. They're not even discreet enough to use the garage. Whore! At the office, I avoid people and concentrate on my work. Soon, I'll be able to hire another dozen people. If nothing else, my career is going great. I do not think of Isabella, my family, or my dead brother. Later, I rush home and watch television before going over to Isabella's house. When I get there, she is in her bedroom. Less than twenty four hours ago, I watched a man fuck her in the ass. I am livid, but I hide it well. "I didn't think you'd come," she says, not taking her eyes off the fashion magazine she's reading. Today she is wearing only a medium-length, curly red wig and white peep-toe heels. With her free hand, she twirls a blue glass dildo inside of her depths. I know she's been at it a while because her thighs are drenched and her nipples extended. I shrug and remove my clothes. "Nothing better to do." Let me know how you liked my efforts to change it up and write in present tense. Thanks to Char and DCM for encouraging me to try new things as a fic writer. I'll be with the Stoli.