hit the bottom steps she had me over her shoulder and headed back up the stairs. But we passed the first bathroom and headed into the master bedroom. She opened her bathroom door She set me on my feet. locking the door she blocked it "Don't."She said seriously. "Now you have a minute to get those clothes off or I'll do it. and Trust me you won't like what happens before you get in that tub" I stood there shaking my head as I hugged my ribs with my arms. "Esme... please, I don't want a bath... just let me lay under a heater blanket or something." "Riles, you need to take a bath you were out in the barn, you have hay and other crap on you, and it will warm you up.. now please get undressed and get in the tub, I'll wash your hair for you kiddo if you do" She offered, knowing I liked it when she did. I shook my head in tears "Let me take the bath alone then , you get out." I said looking away. Esme's face fell and she studied me, She always sat in here and talked with me while I bathed, I had like a gallon of bubbles in the tub so it was like she could see anything. "Riley whats the matter? Why don't you want to get undressed in front of me..." She looked at me "Did tom hit you again?" I looked away in tears "NO I JUST DON'T WANT TO!" I yelled kicking at the tile. Esme looked at me and she had had enough. "Riley Jean!" She scolded, grabbing my arm , I went wide eyed as she sat on the edge of the tub. "Nooo Esme please I'm sorry! I'll get undressed!" I said in tears. She shook her head. She brought her hand down on the seat of my pants with a hard smack that made me cry out. *SMACK!* "Nooo please stop!" I cried. Esme shook her head raising her right hand above her head she brought it back down hard,*SMACK!* but careful not to hurt me to bad, but even her holdin back to human strength was killing me. *WHACK!* *WHACK!* *SMACK!* SMACK!* "Riley, I warned you several times about listening to me... I wasn't going to spank you because Sandy said Tom laid into you pretty hard last night, But appearantly not." She said Landing another hit to my burning bottom. "Esme." I cried out in hard tears "Please stop... you are hurting me.. for real... Please ithurts so bad." I said crying hard into her pant leg. She frowned as she studied me "I know I haven't even hit you enough times to make you cry like this Riles , How did tom spank you?" She asked rubbing my back, When I didn't answer *SMACK!* Came her right hand again. I cried out "He, He, He, he got me with his his his belt." I whimpered. Her eyes widened, "He hit you with his belt? Riley did do it on your bare skin?" She asked the human girl sobbing over her lap. I weakly nodded "Yessss Ma'am." Esme felt anger boil over in her, a vampire taking a belt to a human, let alone a child. She tipped me up Undoing my belt she tossed it to the floor and yanking my pants down with my underwear in one swift move. I protested "noooo please not on the bare...momma Please?" I said in tears. Esme looked down at my bottom, there were welts on my skin from the base of my back to behind my knees. Esme felt the anger build up in her yet again. I let out a loud yelp as she went to sit me up, my ribs came in contact with her cold hard knees and caused me to cry even harder. She went wide eyed and set me on my feet. "Riles..." She whispered kissing my nose, she grabbed the bottom of my tanktop, I smacked at her hand, She looked at me and smacked my ass lightly, but it still hurt. I groaned and wrapped my lower half in a towel, as she pulled off my tanktop. she gasped as she pushed the towel down to my hips. she stood looking me over. "Riley..." She said studying my face carefully she splashed water on it and sighed "I thought so." She wiped at it gently with a washcloth and tipped my chin to have it in the light as she looked at my black eye and bruising cheek.. I covered my stomach and ribs with my arms. Finally breaking I looked away as I cried. "Riles" She said quietly "Sweetie... who did this to you?" she asked pulling my arms away despite my pleas. She gasped as she saw the dark blue and purple bruising on my ribs and stomach. Her heart breaking as she took in the sight of the me, the girl she thought of as a daughter. "Riley, Look at me." She said seriously. I pulled away as she set her hands gently on my ribs feeling lightly. "It's nothing, I fell off a horse." I tried wincing at her touch. "Kiddo you don't get that from falling off a horse you have three broken ribs!" She said in a pained voice "Who did this to you?" I let out a whimper as she wrapped her arms around me. "He didn't mean to... It..it..it.. Was an accident" I said in tears as I cried into her shirt. "Oh, Honey" She said in a quiet voice, She picked me up setting me on her lap as she sat on the toliet, she rocked me gently kissing my hair. "Why didn't you tell me?" "He... He...He.. Threatened.. to.. to..to.. hurt you." She set her jaw as she dialed Carlisle's number. "Carlisle... we need to talk, I think that Riley's being abused.." So thats chapter one.. tell me what you think :)