and begging to be tasted. He knelt between her legs, not once tearing his eyes from hers as he parted the soft folds of her lips and began to take all that she offered. Her delicate body quivered and shook as it climbed ever higher to the precipice, ready to leap over the edge. Jacob placed one hand possessively across her stomach, holding her in place while nibbling the shell of her ear, warm breath caressing her cheek when he whispered low and needful things. Laughter echoed in the distance. The rolicking sound of ocean waves washed over her body at the same time her own desire flooded Embry's mouth. His tongue lashed at her swollen clit over and over again, taking in all she had to give before dragging its way back up the graceful line of her body to kiss her lips so that she too, might taste her own desire from his mouth. Bella's hands grasped the sides of his face, desperate and wanting, kissing Embry with a fervor he never felt by any other women that had come before her. Behind them, Jacob released her and Bella followed Embry to his knees, never parting her lips from his. He laid her back into the white sand, where only hours before small children had played and sacred tribal histories were told. Embry's body covered her like a warm blanket. Then, one last time, he looked to Jacob for permission and reassurance, finding it in the reaches of his eyes. In the next second, he slid himself deep inside of her, marveling at the way he fit with her so well. Bella was not his. Embry Call did not hold any illusions about that. She belonged to herself, to Jacob and they to each other. Yet tonight, in this moment, she was giving this small part of herself to him, breaking the bond of the wolf and mate to become flesh with another man. All he could see was her. The pout of her pink lips, ivory skin kissed by the sun, the way her dark curls shone auburn in the firelight as he rocked inside of her, inch by glorious inch. Then as suddenly as it had begun, Embry knew the time had come. Releasing her slowly, he locked eyes with Jacob, a deviant sort of grin spreading across his face while she turned and crawled the length of her lover's body, sliding herself down until she was seated on his cock. Embry knelt behind her, hands gripping her hips tightly. Bella looked over her shoulder at him knowingly, a small smile curving on her rose-colored lips. In that second he knew, Bella wanted this as much as him. Maybe more. A small gasp escaped her lips when he slid inside of her. Embry's cock brushing against Jacob's, the combination stretching and filling her small body beyond natural limitation. Gazing at her from behind, Embry marveled over her beauty. The roundness of her hips, the delicate curve of her spine and the way her long, satin hair cascaded to one side exposing the graceful line of her neck. Bella was small and tight, wrapped snugly around his cock like a warm glove. She was perfect. Tonight she was his. Embry's fingertips were rough, his palms worn and calloused from hard labor and running through the woods on four paws. His tight grip on her hips, each time he squeezed them roughly, with every single thrust, he inflicted a sting of pain, adding to her pleasure. The feeling of him draped over her, one hand pressed against her belly, the other covering her full breast, holding her body against his while she rode Jacob hard and Embry drove into her from behind sent her beyond the edge of reason. White heat consumed by flame seared her within, igniting a passion inside. She screamed both of their names heedless of who might hear, while the glowing blaze nearby twisted, sending sparks flying upward to join the stars in the night sky. Embry pulled out of her body, forcefully lifted her from Jacob and turned her to face him, wanting to see Bella's eyes when she came apart in his arms. After this night she would never again be his. He stroked himself while watching her lick her lips in anticipation, drawing out the intense desire trembling inside of her. Then without warning or hesitation, he slammed into her once, twice, three times, howling at the moon while cumming deep inside her body. Bella quaked beneath him, tremors rolling off of her in waves. Back arched, eyes wide and hungry, sweat dripping from her body. She wanted more. Embry turned her once again so that she was facing and seated on Jacob's lap. Her lips pressed tightly to his while Embry's arms encircled her from behind. He covered her breasts with his hands, kneading and squeezing while she rocked up and down, riding Jacob as she climbed higher and higher, reaching and searching for that secret place to which he held the key. One pale arm reached upward and Bella turned her head, pulling Embry's mouth to hers. Below them, Jacob gripped her hips tightly, slamming her down hard while he thrust up frantically. A shallow scream bubbled up inside Bella's chest. Her bruised, red lips bled with excitement when suddenly Jacob jerked wildly beneath her. It tore from her throat, echoing through the still night, eclipsing the sound of the waves, scattering the birds from the trees. Bella collapsed breathless onto Jacob's chest, breasts heaving and panting for breath, her small body pushed beyond its limits. Embry draped behind her, pressing small kisses along the curve of her spine. None of them knew that in the cover of darkness they had been watched, caught unawares by two wolves whose desire and envy had finally outweighed honor or dignity. While the three slept silently on the beach, Sam and Leah gave themselves over to the carnal desires of the night.