to get me back home faster. Yet, there was something else in her head that she was hiding. Actually, they were all hiding something from me as they grinned perhaps a little too widely. I ignored it and passed it off as related to me and my departure. I didn't want to spend another moment with them in fear that they'd do or say something to make me stay. "Well, this is it." I tipped my imaginary hat towards them, a remnant of my human years. I got into the driver's seat and peeled out of there before anyone had the chance to slash my tires. I held my breath as I drove through town. Again, precaution was necessary. I didn't know where she was at this time of night, considering who she was with. I allowed my mind to take control of my driving as I usually did and sped through many red lights with the knowledge that there was no one to stop me. The sleepy little town of Forks blurred by my windows and I smiled as I watched my prison's welcome sign shrink in my rear view mirror. One less thing to worry about, I thought in relief. A sudden weight lifted from my shoulders. I was finally free from the burden of murdering an innocent girl in cold blood. Free from the compromising position I would leave my family in. Free from all that I feared in myself. Free from the temptation of the world's most satisfying blood. I actually grinned. It would be a couple more kilometres before I would also be free from the minds of my family. I reached the car's top speed in seconds and covered that distance in a minute. Freedom felt so good. I hadn't truly felt like this since I first left Carlisle and Esme. Secretly, they feared me relapsing into my self-hatred stage. The main reason behind Carlisle's hesitance earlier, I think, was that I broke his trust. I promised him I wouldn't go against our nature and became a murderer instead. I said I was trying to find myself, and he believed me. I killed thousands of criminals all over the world. He seemed to forgive, but he certainly did not forget. I groaned at how stupid I was for a vampire. They were criminals, but they were still human. They still tainted my eyes. I still heard their thoughts and saw me for the monster I truly was. They were still human. I was no better than they were. I closed my eyes to stop myself from thinking myself crazy and drove blindly for another half hour. I was reaching the next county over when my phone began to ring. Alice's name shot up on the dash and I carefully pressed talk. I wasn't sure what she wanted, but I could sure as hell take a wild guess and say she had a vision that something was going to go terribly wrong and that I had to come home immediately. "Edward, Edward? Where are you?" "Next town over. I'm not turning back Alice, if that's what you want." A heavy sigh filled the car. "Edward, you know I want you to go, you know I do. I swear it. But, I saw something and Edward – you're not going to like what I'm going to say." With my eyes still closed, I debated with Alice on her obvious blatant lie. Of course she was trying to get me to come home. What she said made me accelerate even more. I absolutely floored it in hopes it would get me to the Airport immediately. "Bella Swan. She's going to be a vampire. I've seen it. I've—" I cut her off with a growl and silenced her. "ALICE. I can't believe you're doing this. You're fucking insane if you think I'm coming back. That's the only way that she's going to fucking become one of us." "Yes, Edward I know you think that but, I've seen it. Edward I've got a really bad feeling about tonight. Please . Please come home," she begged. "At least wait until tomorrow. You can leave first thing." Her breath was shaking, or at least the phone was. Wind noisy whistled in the background and I frowned, both angry and concerned. Her desperation clung to every word she spoke. "Please Edward. If it passes, you can leave. There's no other vampire in the area that I can see. It's just us, and it will be one of us who changes her tonight. Edward, please." I hung my head. Conflict raging in my head. No one could ever bet against Alice, not even I was that stupid. With a sigh of resignation, I whispered my okay, promising to head home, and hung up. The nasally dial tone beeping and then cutting off. I thumbed the steering wheel preparing to make a sharp U-turn on the two-lane road. My eyes were still closed, my breath still held, and my mind still searching for any passers-by. I really didn't need to search again because I knew for a fact that there was nobody coming in either direction for tens of minutes. I turned to the wheel's extreme and my tires screamed in protest. I was vaguely aware of the slight unfamiliarity in its pitch. I noted that I'd ask Rosalie to check it out as soon as I got back— In the same second, I heard and felt a loud thump— enough to shake the car. It was instantly followed by a sickening crunch. The the sound of shattering glass. My eyes flashed open and my windshield was imploding a deep burgundy red. Something propelled backwards over the roof of my car and landed several meters into the field parallel to the road. I gasped at the audacity of being taken off guard, of being splattered in blood. And then at the intensity of the burn in my throat. It was…it was…bloodlust like never before.