things. Now, thanks to several advancements in technology, I was able to run the school behind the scenes and stay hidden. It was still mine, still my father's name and face on the door, but according to those who researched it, it was owned by a large, private accounting firm. But really, it was all me. Esme taught the first few years, Carlisle played headmaster, but over the years, we'd allowed humans to do the jobs for us. It wasn't until recently that Esme had stepped back in as headmaster, taking a more active role in Masen Academy. She and Carlisle had lived across the country in Washington for many years. It was a new time, and despite that some of the older students would be returning, there would be a whole new staff to teach them. With a deep sigh, I got up, walked to the night stand, and pulled out an old sketch book. Carlisle had told me to draw what Giselle had seen that day in 1911. With my new mind, my new eidetic memory, I'd been able to remember every single thing I'd seen in her thoughts. I'd drawn wings, dark, frightened eyes, and myself. Sitting back down on the edge of the sofa, I flipped carefully through the old book. I never could see this elusive girl's face, just pieces to a puzzle, but I'd drawn them all, including the jagged scar. I'd also drawn the new future Giselle had foreseen the last time I saw her, which was Masen Academy. With each page, my drawings became angrier and impatient. Instead of being happy for Carlisle at having found his mate, I'd become jealous and withdrawn. The soulful eyes that Giselle had seen were there, but I'd drawn them with hate and ire. My curiosity at her predictions had slowly changed into bitterness. I'd hated that I was alone, I'd hated what I'd become, and not even the promise of something that seemed so far away could make it better. I'd begun to think Giselle's foretelling was all a myth. Now, a hundred years was upon me, and it didn't seem real. I now had a firm grasp of what I was, and to force the owner of these beautiful eyes to see it made me sick. I prayed to a God I was sure had stopped listening that this girl Esme was bringing wasn't the one, because if she was, I didn't know what I'd do. "Edward," Jasper called from my doorway. "Man, stop that shit. Come for a hunt. You need it." Smirking up at him, I set the book aside. "I'm not sure it's a good idea, Jasper." "Yeah, it is." He stepped fully into the room, giving my living space a slow gaze. "Well, at least you finally cleaned this shit up, but damn, getting here is like a haunted fucking house." Laughing, I nodded and stood up. "Good. That's the rumor with the students, right? The forbidden east wing is haunted?" His grin was crooked and his golden eyes danced with mirth. "Yeah, I might've started that a few decades ago. There was a kid…Patrick? That little shit couldn't follow the rules if his life depended on it. Always out of bed or where he wasn't supposed to be." Chuckling, I raked my fingers through my hair, only to shove them in my pockets. I looked at my brother. "Carlisle said Esme thinks this new student is the one." He smiled sadly, tilting his head at me in a habit I knew too well. He was reading what I was feeling. "You want it, yet you don't," he stated, and when I nodded, he gripped my shoulder. "Maybe we should go see Leah. Jacob says the old woman's asking for you." He shook me a little. "C'mon. We'll hunt and then see what she's got to say, yeah?" I wasn't sure I was in the mood for any more predictions, especially on the anniversary of the one that had completely changed my life, but I felt Jasper push determination and something akin to happiness my way. "You don't fight fair," I growled, launching at him. "This coming from the asshole that can read thoughts. Priceless," he scoffed, walking to my window and pushing it open. He jumped down the four stories, landing silently. "Let's go, brother. We've got all night, but the students will start arriving over the next few days." I jumped down beside him, and we took off into the night. ~oooOOOooo~ A/N… Again, I promise I won't be this chatty as a habit. LOL There's just a lot to tell you this first time around. Flashbacks won't be the norm. I have ten chapters written on this and so far, this is the only one. I just needed to show Edward's beginning. You'll meet Bella next. Which brings me to the posting schedule… This – for now – will update once a week on Sundays. I find that two times a week is too much for me and in order for you to get a better story, I need to drop down to one time a week. That being said, chapter 2 will go live this coming Sunday as a bonus. ;) I need to thank my usual cast of characters for coming along for this ride. Beffers87 for her beautiful banners and manips. My pre-readers inkedupmom, DrivingEdward, and GooberLou. And as always, my beautiful beta and sounding board, JenRar. Now…you must check out JenRar's new fic A Light in the Darkness . It's amazing, and I promise you'll fall in love with that Edward like I did. It's AU…vamp/human. You'll love it! I promise. Please make sure to check out for recs and the spotlight on MM. All links can be found on my profile here on FFN. All pic teases can be found on FB, Twitter, and my blog. Okay, I think that's everything. I'll see you again on Sunday. Until then… Mooches, Deb ;)