thinks "From what Alice has seen it looks like it", I reply Something was telling me this wasn't right. But I put it to the back of my mind in order to protect my family. "Lets tell the wolves then. To the border. And no making them angry Emmett", Carlisle says with a look "What me?" Emmett asks innocently "Yes you. Behave", Carlisle says We run to the border and wait soon there is a howl and the wolves approach growling at us. " What do you want bloodsuckers?" Sam thinks I relay those words to Carlisle. "My daughter Alice saw nine wolf like beings attacking you all. They are close to town. Alice saw you all getting killed", Carlisle says " Impossible", they snarl "Do you want to die? We are offering our help", I say " Why would you help us?" Jacob thinks "We want to protect Forks. Once they have killed you all they will kill us. We need to work together to protect both our communities", I say They wolves left to decide and we all wait. Then they come back. " Fine the treaty is disbanded for this day only. Do you agree?" Sam asks I relay the thoughts to Carlisle. "We agree", Carlisle says " Which way?" Sam thinks "North", I say " How many are there?" Paul snarls "Nine", I say We run north there was a weird scent. It broke into four directions. "They have split up", Jasper says looking at the tracks We split up. Going in teams. Some minutes pass and the animal appears. Stalking a large mountain lion. The beast was graceful and pounces on the mountain lion. And we see teeth bite into the mountain lions neck. It pulls away with blood in its mouth. " Oh god. It was sucking the blood!" Embry says from next to me What is this beast? I accidentally step on a twig. The beasts head turns around and ears perk up. Embry and I don't move. Suddenly it turns and runs. Embry and I follow it. But it was fast and leaves us behind. We follow the scent. I hear my family and the pack they were running after the other 8 beasts. Embry joins his pack mates and I join my family as we approach. The six beasts where crouched preparing to fight. One snarls loudly. The one I had been following turns its head to it and snarls something that shuts the other one up. What puzzles us is that they don't attack. They watch us. The one I had been follow was looking at everyone. " Crap", Embry says looking at the small beast in the middle " Crap", Seth says also looking at one "Crap", Colin says "Oh my", Rachael says "Crap", Quil says " Can't be", Leah snarls " They are beasts", Jacob says " You all imprinted!" Paul yells " Not that we can help it", Jacob says " Enough. They are a threat", Sam says " But Sam. We imprinted. We can't hurt them", Seth says I look at the being I followed in wonder. Why was I feeling like this? I shake my head. "Carlisle. Rachael, Embry, Leah, Seth and Jacob have imprinted", I say after clearing my head "Who are you all?" Carlisle asks deciding to give them a chance "Do you mean us harm?" Jasper says dangerously Suddenly Jasper looks confused. I read his thoughts and the beasts were sending him not harmful emotions like they knew what he could do. Then the beasts nod and they shimmer we prepare ourselves. They shimmer and then we see them. They had turned human. We gasp. There were five females and one male. They all had similar features. The female in the middle was the smallest she was 5'2 and had brown hair. The male next to her also had brown hair with some blonde in it he was 6'3. Next the woman she was about 5'3. She had dirty blonde hair with highlights of brown in them. The next female was 5'5 and had brown hair and dirty blonde highlights. The next female was 5'4 and had brown hair with blonde tips. The next female was 5'8 she had brown hair that was lighter. The next was male he was easy 6'4 with dirty blonde hair. The second last female was 5'9 she had brown hair with blonde highlights. And lastly the female in front was definably the leader she caught my attention she was beautiful long chocolate brown locks that went down to her waist. She had curves in all the right places to me she was like an angel. But there eyes is what really got us. They were changing colour rapidly. Like they didn't know what to feel or do. " Look at the eyes!" " They look human" " Oh dear they look young. They can't be here to harm us", Esme thinks " They have peaceful but fearful emotions. They have scars too. Something is different about them", Jasper thinks " Why didn't I see this? Was I wrong and they are not going to attack us? And what was that shimmer as they changed are they not like the La Push wolves?" Alice thinks rapidly looking for the future but coming up blank " I can't harm girls. But the male is fair game", Emmett thinks " What the hell are they?" Rose thinks " Edward can you hear their thoughts now?" Carlisle thinks I make a gesture saying no. My angel puts her hands up making a peaceful gesture. The other six had gone into a none threatening stand. But they were behind my angel. All their eyes were wirily and afraid all but my angel. She does the peaceful gesture again. "We mean you no harm", she says in a voice that sounds ancient and sweet We all look at each other. Do we trust them? Author's Note: what do you think? Please review