in spirit. "What just happened?" Bella asks him "You soul bonded to me. You are the most unique person on earth", Dani replies "What do I look like?" Bella asks "Here is a mirror", Itzel says handing over a mirror Bell gasps she had changed a lot. There was no way to describe her once torn flesh now alight looking like diamonds an sparkling in the moon light. "Welcome officially to the Upaka Tribe. You are one of us. It also seems Isabella you have great power use it wisely", Xochital says "I will", Bella vows "Let the feast begin!" Chief Dancliff Lyon says The people welcome them into the tribe marvelling at her face. Dani stood by her side as people introduced themselves. "I am Taree", a muscle guy says, "I am part of the Pack" "I am Teanee", the girl next to him says, "I am also part of the Pack. We are going to be good friends" "Nice to meet you. I am sure we will", Bella says "Let's go to my parents", Dani whispers in her ear leading her to two older people One that talked in some of the Ceremony and a woman. "Mum, Dad this is my soul bond. The person I trust, and love above all else", Dani says "I am Lofi. Pleasure to have you soul bonded to our son. Welcome to the family", Lofi says hugging Bella "Thank you Chieftess Lyon, Chief Lyon", Bella say politely "None of that. Call us Mum and Dad. Soon he will ask you. But for now that is all I am telling you", Lofi says cryptically Bella and Dani continue to mix around the people talking till people started dancing in circles with drums and other instruments that were hand made. "Want to dance?" Dani asks her "I am not very good", Bella says "Doesn't matter anyone can do this dance", Dani says pulling her into the circle Bella ends up having a great time Dani held her heart already. And people have said that's what she was meant to feel. This was the best feeling in the world... 2 days later... "Now it is time for you three to shift. We heard what you gave us but we haven't tried it yet", Dani says "We don't need clothes do we?" Bella asks "No. They go with you and come back with you. Trust me no one has seen each others parts unless they are soul bonded. This will be a first for all of us seeing our power with three new members", Dani replies "Do we need anger to transform?" Leah asks "No. Just think about your wolf and allow your spirit guides to show you the way into your wolf. It is the same becoming human again. Who wants to go first?" Dani asks "I will", Leah says thinking hard It works and she turns into a white/grey wolf. Her paws had black tips. She still had her totem showing around her neck. Nanuk goes over in wolf form and nuzzles her. "Well done Leah. Seth", Dani says Seth does the same as his sister and turns back into a Sandy/Bronze wolf. His paws where bronze. Itzel goes over in wolf form and they nuzzle each other. "Everything ok so far Nanuk?" Dani asks his Beta "Yes everything is fine. We can control who sees our thoughts and stop all together it I really cool. We are also stronger", Nanuk says in wolf form to his Alpha "I heard that. So that is another that works. Now my Amahle it is your turn. Let your spirit guides guide you", Dani says to Bella Bella transforms into a white/silver wolf. Her paws where silver and her scars still sparkled a bit. Dani smiles and transforms himself. "This is amazing", Bella says sensing all the other wolves "You're amazing. You are one beautiful wolf", Dani says nuzzling her "Thank you", Bella say nuzzling him she knew in his thoughts what he said was true "Now Bella try and order Nanuk to do something. Lets see if the Alpha Female works yet", Dani thinks "Nanuk nuzzle Leah", Bella orders with a bit of Alpha timber in her voice, "Stop" "It's not full yet till we marry. But you can still make them do what you want", Dani says "Hey guys isn't this awesome the new abilities?" Teanee thinks to them from far away "We haven't had a chance to test them yet. We are going to show them our normal patrol. Keep us with your patrol", Dani thinks to her "Will do Alpha", Teanee says her thoughts leaving them. "Ok Bella, Leah, Seth follow us we will show you are patrol", Dani says starting to run They run fast faster then the La Push pack. Much faster. There eye sight was enhanced they could see from miles away. There hearing was better they could hear other wolves running their patrol. Bella felt amazing this was great. She saw the others thoughts they were on big family looking out for each other. The Bond of the pack was great. The Trust was more then she felt anywhere. The Strength in her limbs was going to take some time getting used to. She felt the Love the pack how much they loved each other even if they weren't soul bond. Her Soul felt right for one in her life and so did her Spirit. Now she would have to get used to this. But something told her it wasn't going to be hard. With Dani running ahead with her by his side. They both felt whole. Dani was going to give Bella some time then propose. He would explain the tribal wedding ceremony and hopefully she would say yes. But he knew her Spirit had been broken twice before. He vowed never to let that happen again... Author's Note: What do you think? Please review and tell me what you think and i'll update as quickly as possible:)