in her life. Months later, her graduation came and went but there was no sign of Jasper, the one man she yearned to see. Bella demanded to be changed – the deadline by Volturi being reminded to them by Jane and co., Edward proposed a deal, if she marries him, then he will change her. With heart as heavy as lead, she agreed, praying to every deity to give her the one she wanted the most. It was the day before the extra-extravagant wedding, if the engagement ring and wedding dress were any indication to go by. She was at her house in her room after spending the day with Cullen women in a spa. She was tired, bone-weary and dreading the day to come like it was the plague. She found a box under her bed, well she hit her foot on it but whatever. Inside the cardboard box was a mobile phone, an air ticket to Houston, Texas, an outfit for the hot, dry weather in the whole 'Cowgirl' ensemble. Along with a note which had written in clear but spiky script ' What are you waiting for? ' on the backside was written an address, outside of Houston – her Google Maps search told. And she was off, off to be free, leaving the ring with a note that simply said ' Sorry ' for anyone who came upon it. Jasper sat in the dark of his room as Peter entered it after knocking. Peter pressed a bag of packaged blood into his hand and stood there until Jasper gave up with a sigh and drained the bag. "Now was that so hard?" Peter muttered looking at his sire and brother in arms. Jasper sighed again and kept mum. "What is it?" Peter sighed. "Tell me, Jasper. It sucks to see you like this." Peter put his hand Jasper's shoulder, willing him to talk to him. Jasper sighed and stood up, going to the liquor cabinet. "I'll be needing this," he said in his rough from disuse voice. After gulping the entire bottle in less than a minute, he stumbled to his chair and tumbled into it. "I left my mate, sacrificed her for the pussy who doesn't deserves her utter devotion and trust let alone love." Peter just patted him on the shoulder, not knowing what else to do. "The funny thing is she believes he is her mate. I never even had the courage to tell her that she is… was mine." Jasper silenced as soundless tears traced down his cheeks. Not noticing in his suffering that Peter had left him alone. It was a day later when a mail arrived, marked as Jasper's from the Cullens. Upon being coerced, he reluctantly opened the thick, manila envelope and his breath caught, a strangled sob escaped him and he knocked the coffee table into the wall in his rage, nothing was left standing in the room, save for the liquor cabinet. Jasper sank to his knees, cracking the marble floor with the force. He gave into the urge to wail, to cry his eyes out, to scratch his useless heart out of his chest. I don't need it , he reasoned, even my mate doesn't want it. Peter came in to find the mess Jasper's room had become. "Hang in just a little longer, brother." He said as he held his grief-stricken friend, holding his arms behind his back, to prevent Jasper to claw his own heart out. An hour passed, so did a day, then an entire week. Jasper had shut his emotions down, forcing it all to hold inside him. Peter was taking care of his zombie-fied friend, making sure that alcohol wasn't the only thing he drank. He went on to hunt, not being able to keep himself in such a state of distress, he just needed to book a cab for the Bride to be to get her to Texas, to Jasper. When he reached back, he was surprised to find his alcohol stock of an year's worth gone, Jasper was inebriated, mumbling incoherently. "There you are!" his words slurred and it took Jasper three tries to stand upright from his position on the floor. "What happened, Jasper?" "My mate is marrying my ex-brother tomorrow, that's what." "And how do you feel about that." "I… I want to die, Pete. But I won't… my pa didn't raised a coward." "There's more." Peter urged him. Jasper gave into his emotions, his body vibrating with a fierce growl. "It hurts, oh god it hurts so much to think about her as someone else's. But you know Peter, what hurts the most was being so close, having so much to say and then having to let her go. I never really got a chance of knowing what could've been and that love her was all that I was trying to do." He paused, giving a humorless chuckle. "You know, Alice was right, I'm a loser, just a sore loser. I lost my soul mate to a prude who treats her like a damned pet. And what's worse is that she's fucking marrying his ass today." He gave a side glance to the wall clock. "Jasper." Comes a timid voice from the foyer. He turns around, his eyes locking with his mate, standing there wearing a pair of jean shorts and a flannel along with cowgirl boots and a Stetson atop her head, her hairs piled into the hat spilling down her face and neck. "Bella, my Bella." She runs into him, crashing into his chest and then jumping, using his shoulders as leverage to wrap her legs around his waist. "I love you." She said. Jasper kisses her reverently, his hands holding her up, one supporting her ass, the other wound into her hair after he placed the Stetson on his head – splaying her hairs down her back. "I love you too." THE END. READ, REVIEW, FOLLOW, FAVORITE. LOVE ALWAYS - PeeP Au Revoir!