me, as I set up all my papers and pencils. I nodded, not making eye contact. I felt her shift closer during the lesson, our arms were touching now. The bare skin on skin contact gave me all sorts of shivers, she was electrifying. The kind that run straight down to your toes and the kind you get with goosebumps. I watched her in the corner of my eye and noticed she was looking between me and the desk a lot. I didn't feel the need to pull away though there was something in me that kept screaming to run. Interesting. "You should have lunch with my family and I, today." She whispered this in my ear and as my eyes grew twice their size, I suddenly straightened my back out. Everything was alert and at attention, I could feel her body shaking with giggles. What the fuck is this shit, Ira? Get your head in the game. I tried to stop the heat waves running down and focus on what she'd said. "Sorry. I promised my sister that I'd eat with her." I laid my hand on her arm and whispered this into her ear, the giggling stilled and she almost leaned towards me when I pulled away. This chick was the weirdest fucking girl ever. I started to think about Bella and I meeting up with Jacob later on after school. Bella liked him well enough and maybe he'd grown since the mud pie days. She froze for a second and I got a little bit worried when I saw the far-away look in her eyes. She looked back over at me and looked a little annoyed, I raised a brow at her. The sass was coming on, if this bitch thought I'd be dealing with her mood swings from not eating lunch with her. She frowned and leaned over again to whisper in my ear, her breath tickled my neck. "I'll eat with you guys then, introduce you all to some people." I looked back over and her and thought about it for a second. She began to look a little worried and I nodded my acceptance. It'd be good for Bella to meet some people. She started smiling again, looking pleased with herself. "Alice, really. Its okay. I can carry my own stuff, like seriously." I said this as I reached for the bag, she danced out of my reach and I sighed. We hadn't even left the classroom yet, Bella would be looking for me soon. She was laughing as I reached again and I grumbled when she stopped suddenly and I bumped into her. This girl was hard as fucking marble, I'd have bruised elbows after this, like god damn. The world went quiet for a second, and I was just staring up into her eyes. They were oddly golden coloured, turning darker, and I got the weirdest urge to kiss her from them. I heard the bag drop to the ground and felt her arms wrap around my torso as she leaned down to me. This was when I heard Bella's soft footsteps and snapped out of the weird trance. I pushed my self away from the embrace we had going on, snatching my bag up off the ground and laughing awkwardly as I heard a low growl. I needed to get laid and get food, pretty bad apparently. "You coming?" Bella's voice sounded from the entrance and my head snapped to meet her eyes. I nodded quickly and strutted away from Alice, grabbing Bella's hand as I went. I didn't look back but I felt like she was still staring after me. "What was that about?" Bella asked me this about Alice for the second time today and I sighed. I still didn't know. "I don't know about that, but I do know this, we're staying away from her and her family. I don't care if she stomps after us, there's something off with her and if they're all like her then they're all off." I said this quietly in the empty hallway, it echoed a lot and I didn't want Alice hearing me. Bella nodded quickly not saying anything more about her. When I said someone or something was off, there was something serious going on. It was a red flag. "I found some people that want to eat with us and all, if you're up for it." Bella said this and I looked over at her, she was blushing. I began to grin, she found a boy she liked! "That'd be great Bells. I'd love to meet him. " I said this grinning at her, her face fell. She thought I wouldn't see through that face, tough luck on that one. I didn't hear Alice come up behind us but I saw her sitting with a table of other pale girls and guys, looking rejected and downtrodden. There was a blonde girl with a bigger dark haired guy, they resonated as a couple to me. The next couple was a guy with copper coloured hair and another blonde girl, this blonde had her hair curly. I focused on Alice and the blondish brownish curly haired guy rubbing her shoulder and frowning, next. I almost felt a little jealous until I decided it was a brother sister idea more so than romance. The fan from the kitchen blew my hair across my shoulder and I watched as Alice's head snapped up, her eyes meeting mine. She looked sad. I looked away quickly. The guilt was setting in and I took stock of what was on my sister's tray. "Get an orange, Bella. The Oreo's don't have any Vitamin C in them, sadly." I said this lovingly and she nodded her acceptance, grabbing an orange as I grabbed one for myself too. WHATCHA THINK? LET ME KNOW. NEXT CHAPTER MAY JUST BE IN ALICE'S POV. ALSO IRA IS CONSTANTLY KNOWING THINGS FROM THE FACT SHES INTUITIVE. NOT QUITE LIKE PETER BUT CLOSE.