see no reason to get it annulled. I quite like who I'm married to." "As a friend! You like me as a friend. Just like you always have." I felt my mouth hang out open as I prepared myself to keep yelling at Rosalie because I couldn't stay married to her. I had a boyfriend who I was actually planning on marrying. Eventually. I was planning on eventually marrying him. Rosalie didn't say anything. Instead she stood up and started to walk over to my side of the bed. At first I thought she was just going to sit closer to me while we talked; I didn't know why she would do that but that was what I first thought. When she kept walking, my eyes grew wide as I realized that she was going to get more than close enough to see me naked. I scrambled to get a sheet untangled enough to cover me while she talked. "You don't know what I've always felt because you, and I suppose your ex-boyfriend, are the densest human beings I have ever met." Rosalie said as rounded the corner of the bed so that she was on the same side as I was. To my horror, she kept walking closer. "I suppose it was my fault since my actions could rival Alice's. Except, you should have realized that I always treated you differently than all my other friends." I knew what she was talking about. Alice was a very friendly, no care about personal bubbles, type person. She constantly hugged everyone, looped arms with her friends and was just overall a very touchy-feely type of woman. Which was fine. It worked for her. But Rosalie, she was practically the exact opposite of Alice. Except when it came to me. She constantly looped her arm through mine, sometimes even holding my hand. She even always cuddled with me when we watched movies together. I had naively thought it was just a friend thing. It was something Alice would do with everyone else and I never made the connection Rosalie never did those kind of things with anyone else. Thinking back about it, I really should have known Rosalie didn't treat anyone the same way she did me. Even her brief relationship with Emmett, someone who didn't mind cuddling and the like, Rosalie wasn't as touchy-feely with him as she was with me; even when they were together. That should have been a clue. "But, you've had boyfriends." I nervously said as Rosalie crouched down in front of me. I was very thankful I had just barely managed to wrap the sheet around me before she could see me, so she wasn't able to see anything. "Boyfriends of convenience." Rosalie said as she kneeled next to me and gently cupped my cheek. Her thumb started to stroke my cheek and I could feel my face heat up because of it. "I've liked you for a long time Bella. Last night gave me an opportunity to take what I've wanted. So I took it." "But I didn't want it." I said. I could feel my heartbeat pick up speed as Rosalie leaned in closer to me. She placed her other hand on the ground in support as she leaned closer to me. She wasn't close enough to touch but she was definitely more than close enough to make me nervous. "At the time you did Bella." Rosalie said with a small smile. "I didn't force you to do anything." "I was drunk at the time Rose. I wasn't of a right mind to get married. We need to get it annulled." I said as I leaned back as far as I could, which wasn't much, so I could try to clear my head by putting distance between the two of us. "You don't get it Bella." Rosalie said with a shake of her head. "I don't want it annulled. I will not do anything to help you in that process. Like I told you earlier, I only wanted to get married once in my life and I had been hoping to marry you for a few years now Bella." "But Rose, you don't love me." I weakly said, grasping at anything to try and get Rosalie to start thinking straight. I mean, she had always been closer to me than anyone else but I just figured that was because we were best friends. "I've always loved you Bella." Rosalie said as she leaned further into me and then leaned her forehead against mine. I was momentarily afraid she was going to try and kiss me. I nearly sighed in relief when she only leaned her forehead against mine. "I'm sure you, at the very least, have strong feelings. I'm sure, especially given we're wives now, that I can work with those feelings to grow them." "But, I'm in love with Edward." I weakly argued. We both knew that, even though I really liked him and saw myself possibly marrying him in the future, I didn't really love him. "Not for long Bella." Rosalie said as she pulled back and gave me a devious smile. "I'll make you love me in no time." I gulped at what could have only been a promise from Rose. She was the type of woman to go at anything she did one hundred percent and would never stop until she won. I was predicting I would be in for a very hectic future and that Rosalie was going to do everything in her power to insert herself even further into my life. I wasn't sure how much more she could as we were already sharing an apartment together and went to the same college. But Rosalie would find a way to be an even bigger presence in my life and I wasn't sure how I thought about it. But I was sure that for the next few months, things were going to be intense in mine and Rosalie's apartment.