secret. "But you my dear, are completely silent to me." She added with a grin and I couldn't but be a little proud of myself that I was able to unconsciously block her. "I wonder if she -" Whatever Sulpicia was about to say was cut off by Edward roaring behind me. "You will not dare." Edward roared as he pushed me behind him and into Alice and seemed to move to attack Sulpicia. As much as I was flattered that he would do that, I was more worried that he did that. I could only imagine what the repercussions will be. Edward hadn't gotten close to Sulpicia before he fell and screamed in pain. Before I could even really comprehend what was going on, Edward was no longer screaming and Sulpicia had moved so that she had her hand around Edward's throat. From the cracks I could see forming, she seemed intent to hurt him. "You really are an arrogant fool." Sulpicia spat at Edward. "Felix, Demetri, make sure he's comfortable." She said with a sneer as she violently pushed Edward away from her and right into Felix who had no problem holding onto Edward and dragging him away from the room. Sulpicia had done more damage than I had originally though because as Edward was dragged away, I saw Edward's throat and it looked completely damaged. I hadn't even heard him get hurt. Alice had to place her hand on my arm when I tried to go to Edward so that I could see exactly how hurt he was and to make sure that he would be okay. "Heidi, show our guests to a room while we decide what to do." Didyme said and for a moment I didn't know who she was talking to. From the same doors that we had walked into the room through and the one that Edward was dragged out of, a tall brunette strutted into the room. It was clear from just the two feet I saw her take that she had no shortage of confidence and I couldn't help but compare her to Emmett. She paused just inside the door to look to see who she was taking. When our eyes met, I saw her take on what could only be a seductive smirk and I couldn't help but shrink back into Alice. The smirk Heidi gave me, made me feel more like prey than I had ever felt when amongst vampires. Even when I was getting tossed around by James. "Well now, we should have expected this." Didyme said as she stood from her seat and moved towards us. Athenodora also stood from her seat and moved at a more sedate pace towards us but she seemed to move more out of curiosity than out of the determination Didyme had. "Heidi, come here." Heidi moved towards Didyme and Sulpicia and the brunette queen gave a look to Sulpicia which prompted the blonde queen to take Heidi's and Didyme's hand. Nearly instantly after Sulpicia had touched them, she laughed and clapped her hands. She looked towards me and Alice and gave a wide smile. "What an interesting turn of events." Sulpicia said, excitement written all over her face. "Alec, show Alice and Bella to a room please." The boy that was standing next to Jane nodded his head once and started walking towards a door that was behind the thrones. I didn't hear anything said to us, but Alice gently started to lead us towards Alec and out the only other door in the room. I stayed quiet as Alec lead us towards whatever room we were going to be placed in and I was sure I was supposed to not talk because not even Alice was saying anything. Alec lead us to a plain, non-descript room that didn't seem too far away from the throne room we were in. The room seemed like an ancient waiting room because all there was in it were a few chairs, an end table and a tall bookshelf stuffed with books. Once Alice and I were in the room, Alec promptly left the room without a word. Alice sat on one of the chairs and motioned for me to sit on the other one. "He's still within hearing range." Alice said as I sat down. "What's going to happen to us Alice?" I asked, not caring about Alice's warning. I was more than used to having vampires always hearing everything I had to say. As far as I was concerned, I didn't have anything to hide from them. The only thing I would have wanted to hide was the fact that I knew they were vampires and they already knew I knew that. "I really don't know." Alice said as she seemed to stare off into space but I knew she was either looking through her visions to find something useful or she was trying to force a vision. "Do you know what's going to happen with Edward?" I nervously asked. Sulpicia had mentioned death as a punishment, I didn't want that to happen to Edward. I came to Italy to prevent that very thing from happening. "I don't." Alice said with a sympathetic look. "They haven't decided anything, they must just be talking. I think they may wait to make a decision until the last moment so that I can't see what will happen." If anyone could avoid Alice's visions, especially since they would all know how Alice's vision's worked after Sulpicia read all of Edward's thoughts, it would be the Volturi. If they didn't want Alice to have a vision about something they decided, they could avoid having her see it. "What do you know?" I asked with a bit of hopelessness in my tone. "I know that you are for a lot of changes Bella." Alice said with a sad smile. "I'm so sorry but I'm more than sure things will work out in the end." Why didn't that reassure me?