to stone and his face set in a mask. He reached for his gun and stood in one smooth motion. Carlisle looked up at his boss, his friend, and the look on his face knocked Bella's breath away; relief that the end would come at Edward's hands and –love. She knew because it was how she would feel. Edward cocked the gun and placed it at his friend's temple. "You should have killed her, Carlisle," Edward said. Carlisle nodded, "Your one moment of weakness will get you killed," he quoted and added, "We would have just gotten here faster." Edward nodded. "True. Have you anything more to say?" "I did it for you, for us. When the Eastern European Syndicate wants you, you don't say no, Edward. I—I thought you would come around when you saw how powerful we could be. I—wanted us to rule it all—together." Edward swallowed thickly. "Now I will rule alone, my friend," he said as he pulled the trigger. The gunshot seemed to fill the room and slowly absorb into the walls as a fine red mist filled the air. Edward's eyes shifted from his friend to his heart and saw her round, red eyes locked on the slumped form across the table. Tears pouring from her eyes pooledat her hands firmly clasped over her mouth. "Collin, take Miss Swan out of the room." Edward watched Collin gently help Bella to stand and with a large arm wrapped around her, escorted her out the door. "Pauly, call in the cleaners. Remember, you and Collin are bound to silence." Edward waited for Pauly's acknowledgment before he turned to Jasper. "Jasper, you are my Second. Pauly is a witness." Jasper nodded and bowed slightly. "Thank you, sir. I won't fail you." Edward looked at the body draped over a widening pool of blood and back to his new Second. "I know you won't," he said and ran his hands through his hair. "Set up a meeting with James for tomorrow. We meet on his turf to make this right." "Yes, sir," Jasper said and stepped aside for Edward to pass. Edward found Collin pacing the hallway in front of the bathroom door. "She threw up. I went in with her, but she said she needed to clean up alone. There is no window or exit but this door. I heard the water just a second ago," Collin said. Edward held his hand up for the large man to cease his nervous rambling. If he didn't know better, Edward would say Collin was genuinely worried for the girl. He patted his shoulder as he passed. "You've done well tonight, Collin. It will be remembered. I'll take her from here." Collin took a step toward his boss. "She'll be all right, sir?" Edward purposely did not look up at the man towering over him. "She'll be just fine. I'll see to it," he said. Collin stepped back with a slight bow. "Yes, sir, I'll just go help, Pauly." Edward nodded as he pushed open the door. She was sitting against the wall with her legs pulled up to her chin and sucking on a mint. He moved quietly to slide down the wall next to her and scooted close enough for their arms to touch. "I was gutted every day you were gone, and now I'm afraid I've pushed you away for good," he whispered. She sniffed and laid down with her head in his lap. He gently ran his fingers through her silken locks and waited for the ax to fall so he could seek out his own death. "I want back in," she whispered. His hand stilled and she continued, "I want back in, and I want to be by your side for the rest of our lives." He let out the breath he had been holding. "I want that too. I'm so sorry …" "No, we're not doing that tonight. I came here prepared to die and I'm not sure how I feel about the reversal of events—I think I'm okay with it—but I can't … It can wait until tomorrow. Okay?" He smiled and rested his hand lovingly on her head. "Yes, baby, we have all the time in the world now." She sat up and placed her hand tenderly on his cheek. "I love you. I have never stopped loving you." He closed his eyes, and a shy smile rested on his face as he reached behind his neck and unclasped the necklace. He slid the engagement ring off the chain and onto her delicate finger and then pulled her onto his lap, wrapping his arms tight around her. "Nor I you, not for a moment." He leaned his head and she met him halfway. His groan chased her sigh as their lips met. They took their time, reacquainting, reclaiming, each seeking forgiveness and solace in the other. He placed loving kisses on her chin, her cheek, her nose until she smiled at his sweetness. "Take me home, Mr. Masen," she whispered against his lips. His eyes held hers. "I want you back in my bed." "Our bed," she whispered and drew his bottom lip between hers. His tongue tickled her lips until it got its way and slipped alongside hers, tenderly caressing. "Our bed, baby," he said with a kiss to her neck. He helped her stand and wrapped his arm around her waist as he put his phone to his ear. "Yeah, one order of apple pie and peach cobbler—to go. The name's Masen." She giggled as he pushed his phone into his pocket and his heart skipped a beat at the sound. He wouldn't think of his friend's betrayal or the precious time Carlisle stole from them. He drew her firmly against him. "I love you," he whispered, his lips trailing down her long graceful neck. She was here, back in his arms and he'd burn down the world to keep her there. "Forever," he vowed as his mouth covered hers.