beading down the deep v-neck front. And mine… How are you going to pull this one off, Swan? It was a strapless, glossy, beautiful emerald gown. The top was fitted similar to a corset and the length of the gown flowed freely. The heels matched exactly. "What size is yours," Tanya asked. "Why," I asked. She held her gown up to her body, the gears in her head obviously churning away. "Mine appears to be a tad too small." Alice took a peek at Tanya's name tag on the hanger. "Says it's a four," Alice said as she read the tag. "It looks like a four," I agreed. "Well, I am a four," Tanya said hotly, "but this dress seems to be too small." "Or maybe you're just too big for a four," Maria chortled. "Bella, you look like you could squeeze into this for me. Wanna trade?" "We shouldn't trade," Bree warned. "Why not," Tanya snapped. "Read the tags." " Each dress has been designed to fit the girls' personalities and individual tastes. Please do not exchange gowns with any other girl. – Staff." "Who picked these things out, anyway," Tanya complained. "Whoever it was has excellent taste, don't you think," Alice asked me. I nodded my head enthusiastically. "They are all amazing! Someone out there has an amazing eye. Although, my dress might outshine me tonight." "Don't be silly," Alice fussed. "Hold your dress up to you. Look at how it accentuates every tone in your skin! And just imagine with the hair pins holding back your luscious curls – you will be stunning!" "Hair pins?" "Don't you have the hair pins," she asked as she dug through the black accessory bag slung over the hanger. She grabbed two emerald hair pins from the bag and raised them to the sky victoriously. "Here they are! See? They match the necklace." She pulled out a box containing a stunning chain with an emerald pendant. "Alice," I whispered. "How did you know there would be hair pins? And how did you know there would be a matching necklace?" "Uh… just female intuition, I guess. Gowns like these usually have hair pins to match, right? And could you really be expected to wear a corset top without a pendant?" "I guess," I said with a shrug. "I've never worn a ball gown before, let alone accessorize one." "Well, there's a first time for everything now isn't there?" She strode off to her luggage and began to unpack all sorts of hair styling products: hot curlers; a blow dryer; a straightening iron; the works. "If you'd like, Bella, I'd be happy to do your hair for you this evening." "I will definitely take you up on that offer, Alice." I didn't know the first thing about putting in hair pins. "This is a sort of competition, though," I reminded her. "Are you sure you want to help me?" "Absolutely. Right after we grab a little bit of lunch downstairs." I opened the accessory bag and placed the hair pins and necklace case back inside. "Here," Alice whispered, motioning toward the closets. "Each wardrobe has a key. I suggest you lock up that dress before Miss Denali snatches it." "Do you really think she would do something like that?" "Oh, absolutely! Don't underestimate a single one of them. You may be here with good intentions, Bella, but that doesn't mean that everyone has the same code of ethics. Some of these women are entirely cut-throat and they're in it to win this man like he's some sort of trophy." "How can you tell who's who?" "Take it from me, Bella. Sometimes, a woman just knows." "Fair enough." I grabbed all of my things and stacked them in the wardrobe. I didn't bother taking anything out of the luggage yet. I didn't want to take any longer than was necessary to leave this place, should I be among the ten tonight. I locked the closet and strung the key around my necklace, then turned to go. "Are the rest of you coming for lunch," Alice asked. "I'll be down in a minute," Bree said. "Will you save me a seat next to you two?" "Of course," I said, happy to have another possible friend in the house. "I'll be down in a little while," Maria said. She was pulling some of the beading off of her dress and re-designing it with a needle and a shade of thread that didn't match the dress. "I think the neckline needs to be much deeper. And it's waaay too long. I like to have my skirts short!" "I won't be going down for lunch today," Tanya grumbled. "I have a dress to squeeze into tonight. It's not that I'm not a four, by the way! It's just that whoever picked it out must have grabbed one that had a mislabeled size or something. I swear, they must not have a very large budget for their wardrobe department, because whoever they have on staff must have only half a brain! Heaven forbid they should hire someone who could get the job done properly." "Come on, Bella," Alice huffed. She had a fire in her eye. We were half way down the hall when she rolled her eyes and laughed wildly. "Whoever picked out that dress did their job just fine. I wouldn't be surprised if she was one of the girls who lied about her measurements! And where does Maria get off cutting up that masterpiece? Just imagine! Whoever created it probably spent forever beading it by hand!" "Whoever made it did their job very well," I agreed. "It's not the designer's fault that the wearers of the dresses can't appreciate beautiful art." She calmed down a bit. "Come on," she said, transitioning to a happier beat. "Let's go scope out the rest of the girls. I wonder if there are any more neon animal prints to be seen?" We snickered together all the way down the stairs.