but took the three steps to the couch, lowering herself to sit tentatively at the edge. Edward moved to sit next to her. One slender finger pointing to the club chair had him altering his direction, copying her tensed and perched position. Mr. McCarty moved to the door. "Mr. McCarty?" Bella called. "Do you still have concerns or was that just a ruse to get me here?" she asked. "My concerns are with the second quarter planning. I'll have Janeane set up an appointment with you for next week." He swished a finger between the two seated, "Sort this out, I want my office back." He smiled warmly at her and she saw the concern for his friend register in his eyes when he looked at Edward before leaving the room. The sincerity she saw in Mr. McCarty made her resolve to listen to Edward and try to not to hurt him She turned to him expectantly, but she couldn't look into his beautiful eyes. She was afraid to see his pain or worse, the desire he showed while in the elevator. One would cut her to the quick; the other would be her undoing. She chose instead to focus on his hands resting on his knees. His wedding ring was gone. A white indented strip remained to testify toits place of importance. Her heart jolted at the sight and just as quickly sank, leaving her slightly lightheaded. He cleared his throat. "I'm sorry to take these underhanded measures, but I needed you to hear me. Please don't be upset with Emmett. He just wants me to be happy. He's my best friend since college," he paused causing her to look up, "He's also my brother-in-law." He added watching her tense. He wanted to sit by her, hold her hand. If he could just feel her, he could get through this. "He and I were roommates through undergrad. We got a house for our graduate work. When we walked for our masters, his family came from England to support him. That's when I met his sister, Tanya. We hit it off instantly, but she was based in England and I was here. We kept a long distance relationship for four years. By that time, I was working here, back when it was Cullen and Whitlock. She got a job offer in Seattle and snatched it up immediately." He looked at her to see how she was handling this. All he saw was reserved judgment and an expectant look for him to continue. He guessed that's all he could hope for. "We lived together for two years and married when we wanted to start a family," he continued. "It was the miscarriage that lead to her diagnosis—ca—cancer, ovarian cancer. I lost her a year later." Bella reached out, taking his hand and giving it a squeeze. He looked up expecting pity but found relief painted across her face. He frowned and she smiled shyly. "I am truly sorry for your loss, Edward. I'm sure if you loved her, she was a wonderful person." She was surprised just how much she meant that. "But I'll admit I'm a tiny bit relieved," she added. "Relieved?" he asked, turning his hand over and watching her slender fingers slide between his. "Relieved that I didn't misread you, relieved that you're not a sleazy, cheating, womanizer," she shrugged and started to withdraw her hand, but he held fast. "You have some experience with sleazy, cheating, womanizers," he stated. She nodded, "Caius Reed." Edward moved without thought to her side. "Did he hurt you? Are you all right?" She smiled. So sweet. She patted his hand resting on top of hers. "He scared me mostly. I put in my resignation with Marcus and he made me tell him why I was leaving when I had such a promising future" she looked at him, "his words, not mine. After that he took me under his wing, kept me in his division and on his projects. Caius gave me a wide birth, as ifI was Medusa, herself," she laughed softly before adding, "and under Marcus' mentorship, here I am," she shrugged at that last. "I'm glad you're here," he lifted the hand he had been holding and kissed her knuckles. She wanted to lay her cheek on that lowered head. Comfort him. Find comfort in him. With his head still bowed he whispered, "I will always love Tanya, Bella," her heart stopped in her chest before he continued, "but I saw you for the first time at the bank of elevators. A small, rumpled lady tucked the tag of your blouse into your collar. Instead of being upset by someone touching you, you turned and thanked her, laughing. As you talked with her, you shared half of your muffin. You walked onto the elevator, letting her go first and when the doors closed you were talking like fast friends. I missed my lift and stood there with people teaming around me thinking, "Tanya would love her. She and Tanya would have been best friends." It broke open my heart—and here I am," he shrugged suddenly feeling exceptionally vulnerable. She touched his soft, thick nest of auburn hair with one finger, "Ask me again. The question you asked when I was leaving the elevator, ask me again." She whispered breathlessly. "Please, can I see you again?" he asked swallowing thickly. She smiled as she looked down. It thrilled her that he really liked her. She was well on her way to loving him. "Yes, when?" She looked at him in challenge. "Coffee?" he asked as he held her hand to his mouth. "Dinner," she smiled coyly. Ah, the promise one little word held. "Tonight?" he challenged back. "Gah, yes," she sighed out with relief. He pulled her to him and and kissed her soundly, possessively, with an abandon formed from relief and joy. After all these years spent lost at sea, he had finally found a reason to come home.