Cullen." "It's a pleasure to meet you, Mr. and Mrs. Cullen," Sweets says sweetly as Moondoggie wraps his arm around her. Moondoggie smiles as his mom pulls Sweets in for a hug as his pops says, "Please, call us Carlisle and Esme and come inside. We usually have better manners." Sweets smiles at the older version of Moondoggie and slips her arm in the crook of his, "That's all right it's a special occasion." "Yes, yes it is," Carlisle smiles down at the sweet miracle that brought their son back to them. Sweets smiles back at her Moondoggie as he wraps his arm around his mom's shoulders, who in turn pats his cheek. The large foyer echoes the glad sounds of people excitedly catching up while coats are discarded. Once in the spacious living room, Moondoggie begins to look around expectantly. "Where's Alice?" he asks as he looks towards the staircase. Esme speaks up first. "She doesn't live here," Esme begins. "Come on let's all sit and get comfortable," Carlisle says as he ushers them to the grouping of winged back chairs and love seats. Once seated with Sweets, Moondoggie looks to his mom to continue. "She was married five years ago. They met at a mixer on campus. Jasper was a TA at the time. It was a beautiful wedding," she says as she sweeps her hand toward a wall of frames. "Now he's a professor at the University of Chicago and she has an upscale, couture clothing shop called Charming Things ." Her face lights up as she adds, "They have a precious little two-year-old angel named Maddie." She finishes with a sweep at another set of pictures on the piano. "Wow, so much has changed. I've missed so much," he says with grief. "But you're back now, that's the main thing," Carlisle smiles sadly at his son. "Are you going to stay for a bit?" Esme asks carefully. Moondoggie glances at his Sweets, "I …I don't know what our plans are, but we're here for today. Will she … they be coming by today?" he asks keeping his gaze on Sweets who sits stiffly next to him. "They have Christmas with Maddie in the morning and come over for an early dinner around three. Would you like a drink? I have some hors d'oeuvres to set out," Esme adds brightly. "Water would be nice, Esme, thank you. Is there a bathroom I could use to freshen up?" Sweets asks as she stands. "Of course, dear, in the hall off the foyer," Esme says as she swishes toward the kitchen. "I'll be right back, Edward," Sweets says patting his shoulder. Carlisle watches his son who has his eyes glued to Sweets' retreating form. "Son?" "Something's not right, Pops," Moondoggie says shakily. "Then go after her and make it right," he smiles knowingly. She's the one, isn't she?" Moondoggie smiles shyly back, "yeah, yeah she is." "Then go get her." Carlisle urges. ~o0o~ H e doesn't turn when he hears the door open or when he feels her nearing him and the nativity in the foyer. "It's a nice nativity, she comments, "so realistic." "Not since the bike ride," he says looking straight ahead. "What?" she stills at his tone. "You haven't called me by name since you got off my bike. Why now, Sweets?" he asks stiffly. "I … I don't know," she whispers dropping her eyes. "Not good enough, Sweets … Why?" he growls out. "You have your family now, you'll be okay. I … I'm glad you'll be okay now," she smiles up at him as a tear rolls down her cheek. He doesn't look at her. He doesn't move but to run his finger over the baby in the manger. He picks it up and slips it into his pocket. "Edward!" "No, Sweets," he growls as he spins her around and pins her to the archway leading to the dining room. "Who am I to you?" He wants to shake her. He watches her eyes for the truth. "You're my Moondoggie." She sobs out. He relaxes his hold on her and pulls her into him. And you're my Sweets" he rests his forehead on hers, running his hand down her hair. "I'm going to have to call you by your name sometimes," She says softly. "I know, but that's not who I am to you. I want … I need to be your Moondoggie. I want to be your man. You're the answer to my great ' Why ' Sweets. You're why I get up in the morning, why I smile through the day, why I see a future. You are my future. You're it for me, Sweets. You're everything, and I love you," he breathes out as he places the baby Jesus in her hand, encasing hers in his own. "Moondoggie," she whispers, "you've become my home, my family. I love you so much it hurts to think of a moment without you." "Then stay with me, Sweets. Tell me you'll stay with me," he closes his eyes and shakes her softly. " Mooooondoggie, " she waits. When he looks at her, her eyes are glancing up. "Moondoggie, look … mistletoe " He looks up. "Remember, it's all in, Sweets," he challenges. "Yes, please," she sighs, wrapping her arms around his neck. He growls as he pulls her flush against him . He tugs at her hair, gently tilting her head back. Cupping her face with his hand, he gazes heatedly into her eyes seeing the love and longing he's been waiting for. "I love you, Sweets," he breathes out as his lips cover hers. He wraps her tighter, pulling her closer as her mouth opens for him. He groans as his tongue slides along hers. Tasting, Feeling, Claiming. Her whimper almost makes his knees buckle. Slowly, so slowly, he pulls back with sweet kisses of promise. "I love you, Moondoggie," she whispers. He rocks them gently, "I love you, Sweets. Merry Christmas, Baby."