bedroom in a grey tone, almost completely disguising her bruises, making her illuminate… just like them. As Carlisle turned back to face the bed, he noticed this too. Turning Rosalie into a vampire had been the hardest turn Carlisle had ever, or would ever have to do. Again, she had to be restrained for even in her weakness there was fight left in her. Also his pseudo-son Edward watched every move he made intent on observing so as to learn how he too became what he was. Rosalie's blood, however scarce in volume, appealed to Carlisle. It was perhaps the most potent scent he had ever detected, and therefore it took every inch of self-control to only infect her and not drain her dry, as was his want. Edward had assured him that she wanted death, she wished for it but only because of the intense pain and fear that racked through her body with every breath. The decision was not made lightly; it took deliberation by both men, and as she came closer to her natural death, images of her dreams floated into Edward's mind and he relayed them to Carlisle. Although some of her future wants and desires could not be replicated in her new life, like having a child to call her own, both men felt the majority of what she wished for could be easily achieved in a life that death could not touch. Carlisle had also discovered that she had contracted sepsis from her open wounds and this would very quickly riddle her with violent tremors, fluctuating body temperature, muscle spasms, intense head migraines and eventual lung failure. The bleeding internally had stemmed a little which unfortunately meant she would linger further still. This was not something either man desired. After the turn, Edward lay beside her on the feather bed and stroked her forehead repeatedly. Carlisle, having exhausted himself mentally, sat back and watched Edward as he caressed her gently. He had become more empathic than Carlisle had ever thought another creature could be and the thought of it made him swell with pride. His mind settled whenever he considered that he had turned her incorrectly, when he watched the innate movements Edward made toward Rosalie and entertained the idea of the two of them as life-long companions. He knew even as a vampire, Rosalie's emotional and mental scars would take years to heal but Edward's reserve was strong and his gentlemanly patience exceeded most boy's of his age; he knew his son would wait until the girl were ready. When he looked more closely at the pair lying face to face, he noticed Edward grinning. 'What?' he whispered toward Edward, careful not to wake the sleeping Rosalie. It was often a number of hours before the human body eventually died completely and the creature took over. Sleep was a bridge in between both instances and it would be the last time a vampire would ever slumber. 'I don't know whether to think you forget that I can read your thoughts sometimes, or you practice it deliberately to save yourself breath?' Edward murmured with a little smile as he rose out of the bed and straightened his clothing. Carlisle just lowered his head in denial. 'I will admit sometimes it is flattering to hear your boastful thoughts of me, but do you honestly think she will ever learn to trust either of us?' Edward's face turned serious and Carlisle responded by making eye contact. 'I believe it will be hard, but it most certainly can be done,' he replied. Edward shed his shirt which had spots of blood on it and remained wrinkled from last night. 'Edward, don't discount yourself. You have a lot to offer, and Rosalie will see that if she chooses to.' 'If she chooses to,' Edward repeated. He slid a crisp shirt over his chest and began to tuck in the tails. 'Have you considered that she may not choose to acknowledge me, or you? What if she hates us for what we've brought onto her? What if she wakes and finds herself still wishing for that death that she begged us for?' Carlisle didn't answer, he had none. Edward was right, these possibilities were all plausible. And Carlisle believing it wouldn't be a better alternative would not make them not occur. 'What if she wakes and there is only one thing she wishes for? The death of those five men. What if all the other dreams and aspirations I sensed in her disappear with her mortal soul?' Carlisle chose to ignore Edward's reference to the disappearance of a human's soul once they were turned into creatures of the night. It was one of the very few subjects that Carlisle truly despised discussing for he had always felt still very much in connection with God, especially as he nursed ill patients back to health or held them as they passed on from disease. But he would not be so forthright as to assume God had a place for a creature such as a vampire, who preys on innocents. 'Then we will help her Edward,' he answered. 'You know I am not completely immune to vengeance. And revenge even in its weakest forms is one thing even I will complete if someone I care about has been wronged at this person's hand. What of you Edward, what would you do if you saw these men again?' Edward took a moment to think. 'I cannot think what I would do, only of what I would want to. But since we have made their victim so imperiously powerful, I believe it would be fitting to allow her to turn the tables on her attackers,' he surmised. Carlisle nodded and smiled a little to himself. Edward noticed and questioned him with his eyes. 'It's all right,' Carlisle began. 'I just keep waiting for you and I to disagree on anything. I suspect I shall be waiting a long time to come for that day.'