smell of fallen leaves laced lightly with pipe smoke wafted in on the breeze. Bella breathed deeply and listened to the noises of the night as the rhythm of Molly's snoring coupled with the warm weight of layered quilts slowly pulled her back into dreamless sleep. ~o0o~ "Carlisle." Carlisle Cullen opened his tired eyes to the lovely vision of his wife. He smiled warmly, and she smiled back as he struggled to sit up. "Hello, my lovely wife. Did you enjoy your time in your gardens today?" He noted she was wearing his favorite of her dresses. Lavender, she was always lovely in lavender. She sat in the winged chair at the side of the bed, smoothing her skirt over her lap. "Yes, it's lovely, this time of year with the last of the summer blooms mingling with the fall colors. The gardeners are doing an excellent job." He smiled wistfully, distracted by the little ringlets teasing the velvet ribbon gracing her slender neck. "They have their instructions to maintain the gardens to your standards, always, my love," he said. "Thank you," she replied with a tender smile and added, "I saw her in the kitchen. She's lovely." "I knew you'd like her. The boy is quite taken with her," he said with a satisfied grin. She nodded distractedly. "Don't fret, Esme, all will be as it should be," he sighed as he rested his head against his pillows. A moment later, her soft whisper woke him, "I love you, husband." "As I you, my love," he murmured as his weary eyes closed and she faded from view. ~o0o~ Bella dressed quickly in the morning chill of the attic room. "Bella, you best hurry. Mrs. Cope will be in fine form with all that needs doin' today," Molly said as she threw open the door and stepped out onto the landing. Bella did up the last button on her boot and placed her button hook on the old dressing table next to her brush and stood smoothing her skirt and checking her cuffs. "I'm ready," she said as she grabbed her shawl and followed Molly out of the room. Running down three flights of stairs, the girls didn't see Edward and James coming out of the first-floor library, but the two men took notice of them. Both men noted the color in Miss Bella's cheeks and the sparkle in her eye. When the girls swung around the newel and headed down the last flight of stairs, Bella's giggle made the men stop in their tracks. "My God, she's lovely," James sighed. Edward could do nothing but nod in total agreement before following James to the dining room for breakfast. With the Harvest Ball just a day away, the house was in turmoil. Where the day before, Bella had stayed close to Mrs. Cope and Molly, today she was farmed out wherever willing hands were needed. Once the girls made it to the kitchen, Bella was immediately sent to help with the serving and clean-up in the dining room. Jessica showed her how to refill the breakfast buffet and how to pour the coffee and drinks. James and Edward's eyes remained fixed on the lovely girl so totally unaware and unaffected by their presence. When James could take it no longer he moved to talk with Bella, but his foot seemed to tangle with the tablecloth, and he fell back into his chair as Edward snickered beside him. Not to be thwarted he called out, "Miss Bella would you be so good as to bring me a fresh plate of eggs and sausage?" "Oh, of course, Mr. James," Bella said as she reached around Jessica to get a clean plate. Edward watched her graceful form glide toward their table and sat up straighter. What he wouldn't give to have her rest her dark, gypsy eyes on him. She placed James' plate politely in front of him and picked up his used plate. As she made to retreat, James lightly grabbed Bella's wrist and drew her back. Edward sat forward in alarm, but Bella delicately extricated herself from James' hold. "Can I help you, Mr. James?" she said as she hid her hands under her apron. Edward relaxed and sat back. "Yes, you can, Miss Bella. Would you do me the favor of saving a dance for me tomorrow night?" he asked in his most charming manner. "Oh, Mr. James, that's very kind, but I'm here to help the staff. I will surely be working tomorrow night to help make sure your ball is a success." "I'm sure you can find a few moments to step away," he said with profuse charm and added, "please." Edward watched her blush sweetly and was transfixed when her dark, soulful eyes darted toward him, but his heart stopped in his chest as she responded, "I can make no promises, Mr. James but if the moment presents itself, I'd be honored." She bobbed a quick curtsy and made her escape. James sat back with a victorious grin as Edward stormed from the room overturning his chair in the process. James frowned but picked up the chair before continuing his breakfast with a most satisfied air. ~o0o~ Edward burst into the library and found his father on the balcony overlooking the flower gardens. "Father!" "Shhh, my son," Carlisle murmured without turning around. Edward quieted himself. "Forgive me, Father. I just needed—I needed … James wants her!" he finally blurted. Carlisle turned from watching his love in her garden to view Edward standing in the curtains of the French doors. He noted his son's distress and smiled softly, knowing he had made the right call concerning Miss Swan. "Let us sit and discuss this. Perhaps we need a battle plan," Carlisle said as he walked past the huffing young man. "A battle plan—a plan of attack, yes, that's just what we need, Father," Edward said as he followed the bent old man to the chairs by the hearth.