time was, well, alluring. Kind of like uncle Jasper's gift- to be able to change the mood of the people around him. But not in the romantic way though, that would've been weird. He took my hand and speed through the woods. I couldn't keep up with him. As you can see, I was scratched and bruised." She took a breath. "Oh my god. Renesmee honey, I'm so sorry. This must of been so scary." I hugged her. "After, he told me to stay in this-" she paused. "Hotel room." That little ass-hole. It's official, I hate him. "Do you know anything about why we are here though." I said, staring at her. "No, he just through me in and said to wait." She shrugged. "I've been here for only a day." With that, the huge brass doors swung open. But, in the process, two paintings fell from the walls on either side. "Hello, Bella, nice to see you again." Richard and his 'gang' filled into the room. "Why in the hell do you have us held captive here?!" I demanded. "Well," Richard started, "I wanted to say something before I begin." I galred at him. "Yes, I know. Stop calling me an ass. I get it. But what I'm about to do to Renesmee is going to be extremely painful. I just wanted to give you a chance. A chance to save Renesmee. You can well, as you say, 'volunteer' to undertake this task." Richard smoothed his hand through his hair. "Wait, what the hell do you mean?" I hugged Renesmee tightly. "I mean that I'm going to take Renesmee's soul away ." He smirked. I started to laugh bitterly. "You can't do that, she's a vampire." "On the contrary, yes I can. I know it's unusual and it seems impossible, but yes, I can. But by the thoughts I am reading I can tell you want to take her place." Richard sat it the nearest chair and crossed his legs. "Yes, that's right you prick." I stated coldly. "Bella, no need for harmful insults, I'm only here to help you." He said. "Okay, so what is this 'task'?" I asked him. "I'm so glad you asked. But first, we need to make something clear. I am well, a demon ." He smirked again. Renesmee clung tighter to me and whispered "Please, mommy, don't do this!" I smiled and mouthed: I have too. "Okay, what will you do?" I said, trying to sound brave. "I am going to 'travel' into your brain and soul. I will basically take control of all of your thoughts and actions. But, sadly, in the process you will become a healthy human again. I know, scary. But don't worry! You won't age any older than nine-teen. And yes, you will be able to get hurt and have anything else happen to you that could of happened when you when you were human. As I said before, the process with be extremely painful and will last five days." Richard explained. All of a sudden, the obvious washed over me. It all added up! The creepy statements, the weird gifts he possess, the amount of money this guy has. He was a demon. What did he say? After I asked him about being a vampire? " If I were able to catch somebody like that." Oh my god. No. "Okay, what happens next?" I asked, pushing down the nervousness in my stomach. "Edmond, Charles, take her to the hitching post." Richard demanded. Two men dressed in black advance towards me with a blindfold and a bag. "Wait, wha-" I was stopped as I was blindfolded and bagged. This is it, this is the end. ~EDWARD'S POINT OF VIEW~ I walked up and back across the beach. Why was Bella so tight? I don't even understand. She was all happy then after I got the rental car from the airport, she was smiling and laughing. I started to head towards the deck on the other side of the beach. "What is this?" I mumbled. I picked a small note off of the door handle. I glanced over the note quickly and rushed inside. Something was wrong. Quickly, I pulled my phone from my pocket and dialed Carlisle's number. "Hello, Edward." Carlisle said. "Hello, Carlisle." I responded "Can I talk to Bella?" "Well, Bella isn't here. She never came by. Why? What's wrong?" His voice tightened. I stood there in horror. "Wait, Bella left a note saying how you needed help and you wanted me to stay here." I panicked. "Okay, Edward. Don't worry, we'll find her. That reminds me. I need to tell you something." His voice tightened again. "What's wrong Carlisle." I said. "Renesmee is missing. We looked all over for her. But I have a funny feeling that this has something to do with Bella's disappearance." Carlisle sighed. I started to pace back and forth. "This can't be happening." I shouted. "Edward, calm down, we'll find her." Carlisle promised. "I'm just so worried about her and Renesmee. Do you think the Volturi have something to do with this?" I asked. "Probably not. It wouldn't surprise me if they are involved in this." He responded. "Wait. Renesmee and Bella are missing, I think Bella might of went to find her. Maybe we should check Bella's phone to see who she called." I suggested. "That could give us a lead." "That's a great idea." Carlisle agreed. "Check her phone and call me back." I hung up. I put down the phone and looked around. Bella's phone laid on top of one of the blue throw pillows on the sectional. I walked over and picked it up. I turned on the phone and checked her recent calls. A 'Unknown Caller' called her at about 4:00 am. I hit the 'listen to call' icon on the screen. "Holy shit." I screamed. Why would she not tell me about this? I quickly reached for my phone and dialed Carlisle's number.