it again tomorrow when I get home from the hospital. Make sure you get plenty of rest and non -alcoholic beverages. Alice, you don't have school until next Thursday right?" "I have to go to school for few minutes on Monday, but otherwise I am free. Why?" Alice answered placing a glass of orange juice in front of me with two Tylenol. "I hope pulp free orange juice is fine." "Thank you, Alice and Esme." After a quizzical look from Alice and Emmett, I explained. "She let me read her texts. Then, she asked me what I liked." "Back to me." Carlisle said snippily. "Alice, I need you to keep an eye on Bella for a few days. Also, I want you to drive her back and forth to the school if she has to go in for a meeting. We need to keep her from doing too much or injuring her head further." "What about me? Am I nothing?" Emmett whined. "Of course, you are not nothing, Emmett." Esme said sweetly. She continued by saying, "I do think you need to hold an actual practice or two next week." Esme's gentle teasing caused the rest of the room to laugh and Emmett to pout. When the laughter died out, Esme said, "Dinner is ready. Here you are, Bella. I figured a simple chicken, mashed potato, and steamed asparagus dinner would help. God knows these two can't cook." Esme said as she placed a plate in front of me that looked like it belonged in a five star restaurant. "Thanks, but you didn't have to go to any trouble for me." I replied, savoring the aroma coming from the delicious looking plate. "It is no more trouble than feeding these three." Esme said pointing to her cousins and husband. "Since Carlisle says you aren't to lift a finger while you recover, I'm sure I will cook for you for the next week while you are living here." "Speaking of, where is your place?" Alice asked not noticing a look pass between Esme, Carlisle, and myself. Emmett noticed the looks though. After a pause, Alice looked up at me and explained, "I just want to know where I will be going in case you forgot anything you might need." After I swallowed the bite of yummy chicken I had just put in my mouth, I mumbled, "Everything I own, that is not in storage, is upstairs in the rooms you are letting me borrow. I just got to town and I have been staying in a hotel." "Really? What hotel?" Alice questioned. "I don't remember the name, but it was one of the ones over on Main Street in Pleasanton." I said evasively. "Oh," Alice sighed. "I love the Rose Hotel that is over there. It is my favorite hotel in the area…" I caught Emmett staring at me off and on for the rest of dinner as Alice, Esme, and Carlisle discussed the hotel. After dinner, I claimed that I was still tired and climbed the stairs to the third floor. I sat on the bed for a few moments and realized how weird it was that I had known these people for a mere few hours and I already felt completely comfortable with them. I decided to hop in the shower to wash away the bad parts of this crazy day and the slight guilt I feel for half-lying to Alice. When I got out of the incredible shower, I really had to admire Esme's attention to detail. These towels were amazingly soft, big, and comfy. I walked out of the bathroom and into the bedroom with a towel wrapped around me. I jumped about a mile and held the towel to my chest when I heard a baritone voice timidly say my name. "Emmett? What are you doing in here? Please tell me, I didn't just take a shower in the wrong room?" "No, this is your area. I just came in to talk to you." He said with a noticeable red tint to his cheeks. "I knocked and you didn't answer, so I poked my head in to make sure you were alright." "Well, I'm fine, just tired." I said holding my towel tighter to me. "Was there anything else?" I suppressed a giggle when I saw his eyes dart up and down my rather visible body. "I… uh… well… Alice and I talked after Esme and Carlisle went home. We have been kicking around the idea of getting a new roommate." "Okay…" I said confusedly. "I'll be out of here as soon as Carlisle will let me and Esme helps my find an apartment. It shouldn't be more than a week or two." "Do you really want to live in an apartment? With all those loud, annoying neighbors?" "Not really, but I don't have much of a choice. I don't want to blow through my savings by buying or renting a house. So, an apartment will have to do." "What if an apartment wasn't your only option?" Emmett asked shooting me a sly smirk. "What are you getting at, Emmett?" I said with a sigh. "I'm tired, in pain, and starting to get cold." "Would you like to stay here and live with Alice and me?" He asked in a rush and even redder cheeks. % This story is just an idea I have been kicking around and wanting to write for a while. I hope you like it. Let me know if you love it or hate it. I am definitely open to constructive criticism and suggestions. I have planned and outlined out a total of 14 chapters. I am not sure how often I will be able to update, but I will try to keep them less than two weeks apart. ~ KaliCali77 The hotel Bella was staying at can be seen at www. rosehotel. net (minus the spaces) Pictures of the house are at http:/ www. villa vianci. com/ Just remove the spaces.