to her, beautiful. Her sob had his eyes crack open, and he slowly held his hand out to her. Charlie squeezed his cap in his hands as Isa ran to her love's side. Charlie stepped closer as Isa cried on Edward's arm and Edward smoothed her hair awkwardly with his bandaged hand. "Are you good?" Charlie asked. Edward smiled and kissed Isa's hair, "I'm great, now, Charlie—thank you." Charlie nodded and with a sniff, slapped his cap on his thigh. "Good, very good, welcome back, son." The two men held each other's gaze before Charlie turned and left the room. Edward stared at the closed door for a long moment before a kiss near his ear drew him back to her. "Hi," he said. Isa lifted her wet face and smiled, "Hi." He kissed her wet lips, tender from crying. "I've missed you, my Bella." She laughed and sniffed loudly, "I've missed you too." He took a deep breath and winced, "You were with me in the storm—I love you," he whispered. A sob escaped, and she kissed his dry lips. "I love you—always, Edward." "I'm going to rest now. You'll be here?" he murmured drowsily. "I'll be here," she sighed. Charlie peeked into the room to Isa clinging to the boy's arm, sound asleep. He took a picture and sent it to Renee knowing the whole family would see it. This boy was family, no matter what his feelings. His wife and brothers had claimed him. His daughter breathed him. There was really nothing left for him to do but to claim him too. Edward Cullen was Karolos Kyknos' family. He looked at the bandaged hand resting on his daughter's shoulder, and the content smile resting on her lips and smiled. He was all right with that. He quietly stole into the room and sat in the seat next to her. The creak of the chair woke her, and she sat back brushing her tangled hair from her face. "Papa," she said sleepily. He wrapped his arm around her, pulling her into his side. "I will miss you, my Isa, but I am happy that you have found love," he whispered as he placed a reverent kiss on her forehead. "Miss me?" He sighed, running his weathered hand lightly up her arm, "You are a woman in love, Isa. You will go where he goes." Silence lay between father and daughter as the truth settled between them. Edward's dry voice broke through the stillness, "Maybe, as a man in love, he will stay where she is." ~o0o~ Back from the hospital and his holiday over, Isa brought Edward breakfast as she had for the past two weeks. She kissed his head as she placed a plate heavy with fried eggs, sausages and cream cheese pie before him. He absently wrapped his arm around her waist as he looked down at the daunting sight. "That's an awful lot of food, Bella," he said. She patted his shoulder, "You're going to be gone all day. You will need the fuel." "You know, no matter how much you feed me, I will never swell to Nikko size." She laughed and laid her cheek on the top of his head. "Thank the gods for small mercies." With an air of determination, he picked up his knife and fork, pointing his knife at the seat next to him. She sat down and stole a sausage from his plate as he dug in. When they returned from Italy, the family had gathered around them in celebration. The idea of Edward staying in Greece was announced by Charlie and the family rallied. Yesterday, Edward checked out of his hotel room across the road and moved into Athan and Lydia's spare attic room. He was going to work on Lambros' boat and on the weekend, he was going to the Yacht club with the cousins to help with their crew. He told Aro he would accept his place on the crew of next year's regatta but that he would need a married man's quarters. "Are we still going to Illusions with Nikko tonight?" he asked before taking a bite of pie. She laughed, "If you can still move after working the nets all day and if you two can behave." "Your kiss will revive me, my Bella," he cooed wiping his mouth with his napkin before leaning in for her kiss. "And I'll behave if Nikko does," he added before stealing another kiss. ~o0o~ Zeus stood at the water's edge with his left arm protectively around Leda. Poseidon broke the surface with his trident in hand. " He was a son of the sea, brother. You should have led with that," Poseidon grinned. Zeus chuckled, "I thank you for your assistance and Leda wishes to bestow a kiss upon you." " May peace reign in your kingdom, good Poseidon," she said as she kissed his cheek. Zeus pulled her back to his side and stretched his lightning bolt far over the water. Poseidon smiled as his trident touched it. ~o0o~ The two lovers walked along the shore after a day of working on his new boat, My Bella . She would be ready for launch soon. Isa wanted him to paint it blue, like his first boat. And he smiled as he picked paint out of her hair as they walked. As the sun broke through the clouds, a rainbow appeared half on land, half on the sea. "A rainbow bridging land and sea is a good sign," Isa said as Edward wrapped his arms snug around her. He kissed her softly, "We don't need luck, my Bella. We have the blessings of the gods." "You think?" she asked wrinkling her cute little nose. He kissed it, "I know," he whispered against her lips. She gave him a sweet little peck, and he pulled her to him, claiming her mouth, with an ever growing need, a burning, consuming love that would keep them warm for a lifetime.