school versus leaving home for work. "It will work out, Hannah," my grandpa offered, and I seemed to have his full attention at this point. There was no longer any rustling movements in the background, and I could picture him sitting in his favorite armchair, his old house phone pressed against his ear as he looked at something no one else could quite see. It was then that I realized I missed him most of all. "I'm sure that after a week with each other, you and the students will be getting along alright. It's an adjustment period for you both. And once you find a house and get more settled in your personal life, you'll feel better, I'm sure of it." Just listening to him talk made me feel better and my homesickness subsided slightly. "Thanks Banpa." The rest of our conversation doesn't consist of much, as Banpa seemed to fill his talking quota with the pep talk he'd given me, though I couldn't bring myself to care. He did ask whether or not I made any progress on my search for a place to live. I had considered renting, but as my contract with the school was for three years, with the great possibility of becoming something more permanent, Banpa had pushed me to look into buying a home. Twenty minutes before I'm due back, I bid him goodbye, and turn my attention toward my apple. Five minutes later, my apple is completely gone and I slowly start to make my way back into the building. After making a quick stop at the bathroom to make sure my hair isn't too out of place, I head back to my classroom. A few students are out and about and offer me tentative smiles, which I return. I know class hasn't let out yet, so I assume they are probably the ones finishing up their lunch outside the cafeteria. As I make my way down the hall, I note that there are two boys loitering outside my classroom door. While the word 'boy' seemed to adequately describe the smaller one, it definitely did not apply to the other one that was at the very least a foot taller than him. From here I could tell he's all broad shoulders and defined lines and I decide there's no way he's a student. He has to be some sort of bodyguard for the kid, because he looks too old to be gracing these high school halls with his gorgeous presence. I vanish this thought as I draw closer, attempting to pick up on the conversation they seem to be having. Neither of them seem to be paying attention to my approach, so I'm not very surprised to hear them talked candidly about me. "I heard she's smoking," the smaller boy was saying, as he peered through the window. I immediately flush at the statement, though I obviously don't take anything to heart. The lights are off, so why he thinks I'm in there is beyond me. "Yeah, but supposedly she's lame," the larger boy counters, and I take offense. Was I really that bad? He's lounging against the wall next to the door, and seems completely disinterested in the conversation going on. "Pfft, who the hell cares as long as she's nice to look at?" "Totally agreed," I interject, my hands placed on my hips as I do my best to look stern. It really is a testament to my willpower that I don't burst out in laughter at the comical scene that unfolds before me. The smaller boy has gone completely pale, and he's pressed himself against the door, as if attempting to blend in. In his haste to blend, his backpack has fallen to the floor, spilling the contents every which way. It's then that I turn my gaze to the larger one, and I note that he seems to be frozen. In the moment my eyes make contact with his, I watch as his mouth goes slack and his dark brown eyes cloud over with what I would call confusion. I tear my gaze away from him, instead focusing on the smaller one that is now on the ground, scrambling to get his things together. "Seth," he hisses, though in my quick glance to the boy I'm assuming is Seth, I note he's still standing frozen, his eyes glued to me, and does not seem to be paying his friend any mind. When I look back at the other boy, I can see he's back to his regular color, though he's blushing. After grabbing the last of his renegade items, he's on his feet. "Erm…Miss Courtney, right?" he begins. I raise an eyebrow as my response, and the boy stumbles over himself. "I'm very sorry, if…if you've heard anything that…offends you. My name is, uh, Tim, and I have this class next and we were just waiting, for uh, class to start. Right, Seth?" Tiny Tim elbows Seth in the side, though Seth still doesn't take his eyes off of me. From the wince I see from Tim, I also assume the nudge hurt him more than it did Seth. As if Tim had been praying for a saving grace, the bell rings, and he bolts inside the classroom, while doors open along the hallway and students begin spilling out. "Seth?" I try, noting the boy still seems transfixed. I think my voice startles him. A large smile dances across his face, willing me to smile back, but before I can register anything, Seth seems to have gone pale and his smile disappears. "Well. Shit." I'm startled by what Seth says, and even more unnerved when he turns around and runs in the opposite direction vanishing in seconds. Well. Shit indeed, Seth, shit indeed. Authors note: This is just a side note to state that I don't condone any kind of student/teacher relationship. I just thought this would make for an interesting plot. Please review with comments or suggestions!