is. Is that all for me?" "Yes, yes, shove your head between my legs and eat my horny pussy. Make it come all over your face." I love her dirty talk and how uninhibited she feels with me. I obey her like the hungry man I am and I tear her panties away from her body. I bring her torn panties and she opens her eyes whilst I sniff them and suck the damp fabric into my mouth. "Stop teasing me Edward, and eat my pussy. She unclasps her bra and unzips her skirt lifting her hips off the bed so I can help her remove it. She then spreads her leg, as in my fantasy, and I get a glimpse of her sweet pussy. Her clit is swollen and protrudes from its hood and there are soft curls on the top of her mound whilst the rest of her is bare. Her labia is swollen and glistening from her arousal. I waste no time and proceed to lick her from her asshole to her clit. I love it when she guides my head to her clit and I spread her pussy lips apart revealing her wet hole. "I'm gonna lick this pretty pussy so good. Are you going to come for me?" I ask her. "Yes, Edward, please, please put your mouth on me." I slide one finger inside her and her hips lift from the bed. I push her down with my other hand and get a second finger in her tight pussy. I release a breath on her swollen clit and she moans loudly. I proceed to fuck her with my fingers and tongue pumping in and out slowly. I suck her entire clit into my mouth and her taste is amazing, like nectar on my lips. "Stop teasing me, Edward, please give me more..." she sighs and pushes her pussy on my face. I start going slightly faster and feel her walls fluttering every time I hit her G- spot with my fingers. I press my tongue on her clit again and again while I suck my mouth around it. My fingers are making splashing sounds from her creamed pussy and I roar on her clit when she screams my name and other expletives and her pussy closes in like a vice around my fingers and gushes her cream which I lap from her. Her eyes open slightly. She smiles lazily, but starts removing my belt buckle. I'm soon naked in front of her and she's eyeing my cock hungrily. "I want you inside me, Edward, right the fuck now." I tease her with mental images of me pumping my cock inside her, my cum spilling on her thighs and her hands reaching to gather it and lick it. "Now, Edward, please baby." I start rubbing the underside of my cock on her wet pussy, tapping her over-sensitive clit causing her to buck her hips again. I moisten my dick and it gets harder when more wetness is seeping out of her coating my cock with her arousal. "No more teasing," she says and grabs my cock and places it in her entrance. Who am I to disagree? I start pushing into her, and her heat and tightness envelops me in a moist dream. I close my eyes to concentrate because I feel on the brink of a spiritual experience. "You're so tight and wet, baby." I tell her. The moment of fucking is effectively over. When I look into her eyes, I know the mating bond is complete. We share the same vision of eternity as vampires, hunting together, and smiling at each other. "I want everything with you," she says in a reverent whisper. "I know," I acknowledge. I slide inside her and I still when our hips meet. Her eyes flutter close and her head falls back. A searching hand of hers is touching where we're joined. "It's never been like that for me." I tell her because she deserves to know that no other experience even pales by comparison. "I know. Make love to me now." When I pull out and move back inside torturously slow, I know what she's feeling because I'm feeling the same thing. This is a sacred moment for both of us. My body hovers over hers and I grab her one leg, spreading her wider and driving deeper into her. Her hands move on my butt and controls my movements like that. It's a sensation overload as her clit rubs against my pelvic bone. My balls are slapping against her back entrance and I can feel it contracting with my thrusts. She pushes me inside her faster and faster, and sweat appears on her hairline and breasts. I cover her nipple with my mouth as she lifts her pelvis higher and her knee joins my shoulder as I use her thigh for leverage. Our eyes are open and connecting in ways I couldn't have even fathomed and I feel her starting to tighten around me. I increase speed, pushing into her like a piston as my hand finds her clit and pinches it pushing it out of its hood and into my fingers. She starts coming hard, and my dick is pushed deeper even inside her hot pussy as it spasms all around me. "Bella, my mate," I'm roaring as my seed is coating her pussy in long spurts. She screams my name. I keep pushing into her while she comes down from her high. Her breaths are starting to calm down whilst her heartbeat slows too. I open my eyes and I see her looking into mine adoringly. Our mating bond is this crackling energy between us. "What now?" she asks. As per my fantasy, she collects some of our joined cum with her finger and sucks it into her mouth, swirling it, giving a contended hum. "Now, we have forever." I say simply and move to kiss our joined taste from her lips. The End.