door knob. "Moondoggie," she whispers, "why didn't he want me?" With that, his jacket hits the floor and he is climbing across the bed, pulling her up to him as he leans against the headboard. "Aww, baby girl, that question has looped in my head all day." He shakes his head. "I don't have an answer. If he were alive, I'd flatten him out and gladly do the time," he growls. "He loved so many people, had such a good life, I just don't understand why I couldn't have fit into that." He feels her tears soak through his T-shirt as her head makes a pillow of his stomach. He forces himself to unclench his hands and concentrate on gently running his hand down her waterfall of brown locks. "Baby, all I've come up with is the old saying 'outta sight, outta mind.' I know it's not right to take that approach when a sweet little girl is involved but…" he shrugs. He feels as if his words fall limply onto to the bed around them and wonders if she is even still awake. After a few moments, she begins to shake. Sitting, she grabs the remote from the bedside table and throws it against the wall. "Why couldn't he even try? He left me in hell, Moondoggie. What's wrong with me? Why has no one ever cared? My mom was a coke whore. My father never acknowledged I existed. I am nothing. I am nobody. I have nothing. I … I'm so tired, so damn tired, tired of being lost, tired of being alone, tired of being scared. All the time, Moondoggie, I'm scared all the damn time." As she runs out of steam, she looks pitifully at him with glassy eyes and slumps into the middle of the bed in eerie silence. He doesn't try to touch her , but he volleys back in a soft voice, "because he was a coward, a self-centered, self-absorbed prick that didn't deserve your tears, your love. He didn't deserve you, Bella ." He leans forward to drive home his point, "Sweets, you are kind, sweet and beautiful and that sonofabitch didn't deserve to breathe the same air you breathe. Down to the marrow, I mean that." He swallows thickly as his eyes sting. "Come here, Baby," he holds out his arms and waits for her to move into them. When she lifts her face, the broken anguish reflected back breaks him in two. Knowing there are no words to heal this, he chooses to gently rock her. She focuses on his breathing, his hand running lightly over her hair, as the rhythmic rocking soothes the devastation that is her parentage. Her father is dead. Her mother is dead to her. Death would be so easy she thinks as he rocks her—simply to stop being, to rest. She sighs heavily into his chest and listens to his heartbeat. Moondoggie, her Moondoggie, she could never be the one to make him cry at her graveside. Her heart clenchesat the thought. She likes to make him smile; it always washes across his face as though he is as surprised by the facial movement as she is. She smiles against his shirt and runs her hand over his chest, up to his shoulder. "Thanks, Moondoggie," she whispers. "Do you think you can sleep now?" he whispers back. "Mmhmm," she nods. "Good, let's get you snuggled back in." He gets off the bed and once again holds up the blankets as she snuggles back down onto her flowery pillow. Folding them over and tucking them under her chin, he then kisses her forehead and cheek as she quietly smiles with her eyes closed. "Sleep, Sweets. I'll be here," he says quietly as he grabs his jacket off the floor and heads out the door. ~o0o~ Wanting to hear her if she needs him, he paces the parking lot near their room trying to untangle his thoughts. He feels responsible for Sweets that's a given. He's helped her get through these tough few days but now the big question that weighs on his mind this misty night is what is he going to do with her now. He can't abandon her. He can't take her on the road with him. Does she even want to stay with him? What kind of life does she have back in Phoenix? He needs to talk with her, but he's not sure he can bear the answers she might give. Three cigarettes in and he hasn't unknotted a damn thing. But he finds himself freezing in the cold, damp air. A shiver runs down his back and he pulls the collar of his jacket up higher. How anyone survives in this dark wet corner of the world is beyond him. He can't wait to get on the road tomorrow and shake the dust off this godforsaken town. He creeps quietly into the darkened room, lit only by a sliver of light from the bathroom. Leaning over the bed, he sees the dried tear tracks on her cheek but that she is sleeping peacefully now. He brushes the hair back from her face then moves to gather clean sweats and a T-shirt and heads for the shower. Still warm from the shower , he sits in the armchair in the corner and eats the rest of his fried rice while watching her sleep. As he finishes, he throws away the carton and then goes to brush his teeth. With sleep being elusive, he returns to the chair and continues his vigil. As he sits there in the dark, his mind runs a slide show of memories of the past few days featuring hues of gray, black and wet green. But the pictures in his mind move slowly to light and sun, varying shades of yellow and sky blue. He smiles in the dark and closes his eyes letting the sun behind his eyelids take him back to happier times with his Sweets.