staying cautious in case of an attack. Even if he was injured, the mutt knew it crossed the border. The smell of wet fur was diluted however by the sickly-sweet scent of vampires. The mutt must have crossed a rouge or two and wore himself out, Edward thought. He let out a noise and shoved his hands in his pockets, stopping a foot from the prone form. He moved his foot out and toed the man in the side gently. The body stiffened before a scream and sob ripped out of the shifter like he had been stabbed rather than prodded. The man covered his head in protection and shook heavily. Edward took a step back and frowned, finally taking in the man in detail. The flesh was noticeably paler then what was normal. The veins that ran through the body seemed to be visible through the skin, almost as if nothing was hiding them. They had a purple like tone and became more prominent near the left shoulder. Golden eyes widened as they crossed lingered on the bite imbedded in the skin. It was an ugly scar torn into the flesh, jagged and darker then the surrounding skin. Edward stared at the shifter and felt sick. This man had been bit but the fact was he should be dead. Venom was especially potent to shifters. Their bodies could not take on the vampire virus as the wolf rejected it. It would cause too much strain on them and lead to death if not treated quickly. Kneeling, Edward reached out hesitantly. The man was shivering and whimpering. He grasped the upper arm gently, making a comforting noise when the man jerked under him. "I am here to help you. No harm will come from me. I need to look at you and get you to my father quickly." He said it in a soothing voice. He wouldn't have tried to be so comforting to the shifter but the fear that was clouding the other's mind was echoing inside his own. It was pathetic to see the shifter in this state when they could tear his kind limb from limb. The shifter didn't budge at first. He seemed to be completely terrified that this was a trick. After a long moment of soothing sounds from Edward, the man slowly uncurled himself, pushing himself to his knees. Edward's jaw dropped slightly as he looked upon the familiar face. It was Jacob Black. The mutt who had been a thorn in his side from the very beginning of his relationship with Bella. He took in the boy's appearance, noting the eyes were a strange mix of dark chocolate and deep red. It was as if his body was trying to transform into a vampire but the wolf had stopped it halfway through the process. The two parts at a standstill within the teen body. Jake's lips trembled as he stared back at Edward. The vampire closed his mouth and furrowed his brows. Questioning the abnormal behavior Jake was exhibiting. Reaching up, he gripped the quivering chin in his hand, not allowing the boy to have the chance to look away with a firm grip. "Jacob, what happened?" He asked, locking his eyes with the other's Jake looked confused, his face scrunching up as he made noises of discomfort. He whined and gripped Edward's wrist to pull at the hand. Edward dug into his mind again and was shocked from his findings. The boy was questioning who Jacob was. He felt sicker than he had before at this thought. Edward dropped his hand and studied Jacob, pressing his lips tightly together. He began to question the boy, trying to find something Jacob could recall. Asking of his father, his pack, his life yet the teen continued to look confused. This mind was a muddle of uncertainty. His thoughts were child-like in their structure. Staring at the scar on the left shoulder, Edward bit his lip and worried it. What had happened to cause Jacob to completely forget his life and become a young child mentally? He released his grasp and looked down on the other. The boy simply watched Edward from the ground. "Come, we are going to my house. You need help." Edward said softly Jake moved to stand and stumbled a little, catching himself on Edward before gaining some balance on his unsteady legs. Jacob did something unusual; he grasped Edward's hand in his own tightly. Edward looked down at their interlocked hands and frowned. The teen despised him and yet he was grasping his hand tightly as if it were his only security to safety. The boy thought himself a child. Edward looked away, favoring the trees and carefully led the nude man who kept very close to him. It was rather annoying to move at a slow pace and have the shifter glued to his back. Edward brushed off the annoyance in favor of the fact that Jacob needed help. He hoped that Carlisle would have ability to restore the teen. Author's Notes : I haven't written a fanfiction in a decade so my skills may be incredibly rusty. Though, my previous works were poor to start with. In reading this, I am hoping you can help me in providing constructive criticism. I love to write but fanfiction can be tough as you are using characters that are already fleshed out and building a story off another story. I may have an issue of staying in character but I will try to keep them as close to what they were in the books. I am pretty busy as I do go to college and have a full-time job so updates may not always be on time. I hope to do so every week. If you see any grammar errors, please feel free to point them out. I tried to reread and catch misspellings and issues but some things can slip by. Thank you for taking the time to read this!