pulled my arm and he didn't move. He was still in the same position. Leave Bella, there is nothing here anymore, I said to my self . I looked him for one last time and walked away. I didn't want to look behind. This was my past. I couldn't feel anything at this moment. I reached the door of the restaurant and stormed inside. The noise made the Cullens, the Webers and my father to look at my direction. I walked all the way to my table and sat at my chair. All of them were looking at me worried. They knew something wrong happened out there but they didn't ask me. From outside I could hear a car leaving the parking with force and I knew exactly who was. I dropped my head in my hands not wanting to look at his family. "Bella, maybe we should go." My father whispered. "No, dad please I want to stay." I whispered back to him. "So let's celebrate our new life." Angela said and razed her glass. We did all the same and drunk to our new life. After half an hour the Cullens left the restaurant. I looked at them for a last time. They all were beautiful. Very beautiful like models. Even the parents. I was jealous. I wanted to be beautiful like everyone else. I wanted to be thin with a nice body. I could do that I thought. After all these the night went well. We laughed, we ate and drunk too much. It was a good night. Angela and I arranged the last details about our trip. We were going to drive to Port Angeles and fly to New York. Our stuff that we would load at my car, we would send them with a transfer from Port Angeles. At midnight we called it night and we left the restaurant. I climbed at the cruiser, exhausted. Charlie looked at me and then turned to the road. "Bella what happened with Cullen's boy? Please tell me. I was so worried for you." "Dad nothing happened. Actually something happened. He said thanks for saving him from trouble, but dad then I …." I trailed off. "You what Bella? Please tell me." "I told him how I was feeling dad. I told him I loved him all these years but now the only thing that remained its hate." "Really Bella? You have so courage, babe, I have to admit it. Good for you my girl. Now you can continue with your life. What did he tell you?" "Nothing dad. He said nothing. Of course I wasn't expecting to say anything or to feel anything about me. You know that you can't force someone to love you. And I am not like him and you know it." I said and looked down. "No Bella you can't say that. You are the most amazing person I know and the most beautiful girl. Your soul is pure like heaven. Please don't underestimate your self, babe." "Thank you dad, I think I believe the same with you now. I am must better than him. His is nothing. I am something." I said prude with my self. We made it to the house, I said him goodnight and went upstairs to my room. When I closed the door, I went by my window to look the moon. There was a new moon high at the sky. A new moon, a new begging. I closed my eyes and I made a wish. I opened them and looked at the driveway. Down the road a few feet from my home was a silver car stopped. I couldn't see if I knew it or the driver. It was so dark and the only light was the perfect moon. I turned away and lied to my bed. My suitcases were at the foot of my bed and my boxes were downstairs at the living room. It was my last night here. I put my hands under the pillow and closed my eyes. This was it I said and the sleep came to me…… I woke up from a noise. I glanced at the alarm to see that it was time to get up. I shower and went downstairs to get some breakfast. Charlie was loading my stuff and waited for Angela to load hers to. I took a pop tart from the counter and headed outside to wait for Angela. "Hey, sleeping beauty, you wake up. How are you this morning?" Charlie asked me while he loaded a box at the trunk. "I m fine dad. Actually I slept very well for first time. I didn't have nightmares." I said him with a huge smile in my face. "I can tell sweetheart, you were so quite. The only thing I heard was a car passing sometime." He said. Then Angela came and we started loading her stuff. We all said our goodbyes and hugged its other. "Please call me when you land. And when you arrive at Port Angeles. I love you Bella. Please be careful. Angela take care of her. Goodbye my little baby." Charlie said and leaned inside the car to kiss me. "Yes dad don't worry. I love you to. I call you, I promise. Take care of yourself and before you know it you will come and visit me with Angela's parents." I said and kissed him back. "Be careful girls and I wish you the best. Angela I love you sweetheart and I am going to miss you. Bye" Mrs. Weber said and kissed her daughter. I started the car and we began our trip. Before I knew it we were away of Forks, with the music loud in the car and singing along with the songs. This is it. My beginning, my new wonderful life with my best friend beside me. I turned and looked Angela who was looking me with a huge smile. Yes, this was definitely going to be wonderful……..