if that helps." "Okay she's pretty heavy then , right , now we have something to go on ." Rosalie loads our basket with a few boxes and packets , then heads towards the checkout. "Wait ." I utter . "There's one more thing , I pull Rosalie towards the bathroom section and find a heart shaped hot water bottle . Perfect . At the checkout , the cashier , young , glasses ,bad case of acne , drools over Rosalie. He doesn't take his eyes off her , and she glares at me with a 'save me' look in her eyes. "Excuse me, can we hurry this up please ,we are in a hurry." I bark arrogantly at the spotty cashier ,and pull out my wallet. The spotty cashier's face reddens . He is thinking that the reason we are in a rush is because Rosalie is bleeding right now . He couldn't be more wrong , the idea amuses me. "Of course ,I'm sorry sir , I was just admiring your girlfriend's beauty." From his thoughts I could see he was admiring much more than her 'beauty' "Girlfriend!" Rosalie joins me in saying , both outraged at the presumption. Rosalie's thoughts are disgusted , and I cannot help but chuckle in my own head . "This is my sister" I proclaim . "Oh , of course , I can see the resemblance. That'll be $14.50 sir." His face is so red that he looks like an embarrassed tomato ,his thoughts particularly amusing , he is currently considering whether or not I will be making a formal complaint , and how fierce both Rosalie and I look. We bag up our items and march out of the store , and I walk Rosalie to her car. I hug her and thank her for her assistance in my time of need today. I head towards my own car and open the door swiftly . Although I know Bella is in good hands with Alice , I am anxious to get back to her . "Aren't you going to invite me along to visit your fragile little human" I hear spite in her voice and in her thoughts and reply "She's in enough pain right now , she doesn't need your grief" I do not understand her dislike for Bella , although recently she has been making more of an effort . "Edward" her tone drops and she sounds empathetic , "I know what she's going through more than you , I might be able to help" I sense no nuisance in her thoughts , and can tell she will achieve no pleasure in causing discomfort to Bella today. "You want to come along ?" I ask "Actually , I do , don't give me that look." We both drive to Bella's house and climb the stairs to her bedroom . She and Alice are wrapped in the afgan from Bella's bed and are watching some horrific rom-com. " Hello love", I greet her. I walk over and she wraps her arms tightly around me. "Edward, where've you been , I missed you." She mutters into my chest . I kiss her head and take in the strawberry smell of her brown locks . I step back and wave the grocery bag infront of her . Surprise glistens in her eyes as she takes the bag from me and pulls it open. One look inside and tears pool in her eyes . "Thankyou , so so much." She whimpers . "Anything for you love" Bella winces and gasps , then beds over and grips her waist , the Tylenol obviously wearing off . "Woah , you're right Edward ,she does have it bad" Rosalie peeks her head round the doorframe . "Rosalie" Bella says confused , clearly surprised to see her . "Hey Bella , I'd ask how you were feeling but it seems pretty obvious." Wow , Rosalie being genuinely nice to Bella , I never thought I'd see this . I hug Bella into me , and look over at Alice , who is smiling gleefully . She is thinking exactly what I am thinking. I smile back at her . Bella swings the bag in her hand and looks smiles awkwardly, " I just need a few human minutes" she says shyly , and slides out of my grip , past Rosalie towards the bathroom . "How's she been?" I ask Alice. "She's suffering , but doing it graciously. She threw up once , but that's normal , it can come from the pain." She obviously senses my panic . Rosalie plants a hand on my shoulder . "It's true , I used to be the same . It's the one thing I don't miss about being human." Bella's POV I cannot be happier in this moment in time . Edward is a gift from the gods. This was the last thing was expecting . I replace my stash of tampons and pads in my cupboard and freshen up . I still feel nauseated but I'm sure that it will be time for more pills soon and it will fade , I am seriously surprised at Rosalie's presence and I ask myself the reasons she may be here . I come to the conclusion that she , as a fellow woman , has joined the three of us to offer moral support . I look at myself in the mirror . I am a total mess . Thankfully , the toilet paper was efficient in its job , so my clothes remain unstained . I suppose that is a start. I brush my teeth again , banishing the taste of puke from my mouth and run a comb through my hair . I wash my face and spray on some perfume . I just pass as presentable , and decide I can finally leave the bathroom and return to the welcoming arms of the best boyfriend ever .