it feels later with everything that's happened today . The Tylenol is beginning to ease the pains and I relax . I close my eyes at rest my head on Edward as he scoots down the bed and reaches for the blanket . He wraps it around me and my eyes fall droopily into a dreamless sleep. When I wake , it is just past five , Edward is nowhere to be seen , but Alice is perched on my windowsill. "Hey sleepyhead" she chuckles . "Edward left you with me whilst he has a chat with Jasper . Edward probably told you , he feels bad" "His guilt is totally unnecessary Alice , I told Edward that" "That's why Edward had gone to talk to him , then I think they are off to hunt , not too far away , he will be back by tomorrow morning . He left you a note ." She points to my bedside desk , and sure enough , his elegant handwriting is caressing a silk woven envelope. It feels a crime to tear it open. His calligraphy is magnificent , I feel as though I should frame this letter. My Dearest Bella , I remember I promised I would not run off , but this little trip is for Jasper's benefit rather than my own . I have however , left you in the capable hands of my dear sister and I assure you she will take good care of you whilst I am not by your side . I will be back before you wake tomorrow morning . I have assured Alice that you will need sleep and instructed her not to keep you up all night with gossip and romantic comedies . All my love , forever Edward What an angel . I glance over at Alice , who has been waiting patiently , but looks as though she my burst with excitement . "Slumber party!" she squeals excitedly . I cannot help but mirror her huge grin . "Just give me a second to freshen up" I reply . I excuse myself to the bathroom and return to an eager Alice with a large gift bag that looks to be full to the brim . "It's the ultimate period kit" she smiles . "Come on, come on, come on" she beckons. I cannot help but laugh at her strange enthusiasm , and settle next to her on the bed . One after another she pulls out a set of three rom coms , a pint of ice cream , a large spoon , a jumbo box of Tylenol , "I remember how much it hurts" she inputs , shrugging her shoulders , a box of tissues , the fluffiest blanket I have ever seen , I bag of salted pretzels and a hot water bottle. I marvel at the effort she has gone too , and hug her hard , squeezing her as tight as I can , "Alice you are most definitely my best friend ever." I smile . We spend the rest of the evening putting my new ' Ultimate period kit' to use and I eventually drift off to sleep around 3 am . I wake to the rain batting against my window and look around wearily at my clock . It is ten am . Charlie will be at work by now , no doubt Alice will have chatted to him this morning . I look around for her and see not only Alice , but Edward too , cross legged on my carpet , playing Chess , a much loved game for the two of them . I chuckle inwardly . I am more surprised to see Jasper perched rigidly in my chair , staring lovingly at Alice . "Morning love" Edward looks up at me momentarily , then his eyes flash back to his game . This is entertaining , because Edward can tell exactly where Alice is thinking of moving , but Alice can already see Edward move. This makes an entertaining spectatorship. Alice smiles up at me , then glares playfully at Edward , he sticks his tongue out at her , and then both their heads are back at the board . "I feel I should apologise for my behaviour yesterday Bella , it was inconsiderate and immature , I am sorry " Jasper says proudly . It takes me by surprise , and my head swings round to him . He is sat looking down at his intertwined fingers , tapping his foot . He looks guilty , and my heart drops to think that he feels so bad about a natural instinct. If anything , he was trying to protect me . "No , Jasper there is no need to be sorry at all , I promise . Please don't feel any guilt at all." He doesn't look at all convinced and I try to mentally plan a response that will show Jasper that he isn't not in the wrong . My train of thought is interrupted by a crippling pain in my abdomen and I groan in pain loudly . I feel as though I have been stabbed . Wow , Alice was right . This week is gonna be painful . I'm glad that Edward and Alice are here for me in these painful human moments , and according to Alice , as well as Edward , their whole family is here for me too . Both Jasper and Edwards eyes widen with what I presume is worry and shock at my painful outburst, but Alice turns her head calmly and nods at the Tylenol and glass of juice next to my lamp . Jasper and Edward look at Alice , puzzled by her calm resolve . Alice ignores them and leans forward over the board , knocks Edward's king down and smiles a sly smile . Proudly , she grins up at Edward. "Checkmate!".