never that lucky. -*- La Luna Bella -*- December 31 st , 2005 Forks, Washington The sky was aglow with wondrous colors and shapes as the entire country celebrated this turn of the clock; New Years Eve. But there was one household that stayed dark; empty and barren of all laughter and joy. Bella sat completely still by the windowsill, staring out into the lightened up sky of her small hometown. Everything seemed so much bigger when fireworks were involved. Her head was resting on a clenched fist and every now and then her brown eyes would be lit up by the vibrant colors of the outside world; but that was the only life that was in them, at any moment. Charlie found himself often tearing his eyes away from the game on the screen, to stare at the back of his daughter; she didn't move once in the two hours it had now been since she came downstairs. He didn't even know why she had felt compelled to come spend the night with him; he had expected her to stay in her room through the entire evening. But here she was, quiet and still as always, dark, empty eyes staring into nothing at all, only a whisper of breath escaping her now and then. Charlie sighed; if only things would change. That was his New Years resolution; to see even a glimmer of the old Bella. Just a tiny spark, that was all he asked of. But maybe it was too much. He had no idea that he would have his wish granted on this very night; though certainly not in the way he had ever imagined it. Suddenly, Bella moved, and it shocked him enough that he spilled some of the beer from the can in his hand. Calming his racing heart, he appeared completely normal when she finally turned around, glancing at him for a split second before turning for the hallway. He knew she was heading back up to her room. "Happy New Year, Bells," he whispered, once she was gone, not ready to deal with the pain of seeing her unresponsive attitude to his caring words. Up the stairs and to the left, in a small room not cluttered as you might expect from a teenage girl, Bella sat at her desk, computer on and whining in ancient complaint. If she was going to stay awake past midnight, she might as well get some homework done, right? Even if school didn't start up again for another week. Tapping away at the keys, eyes on the screen and teeth gnawing on her bottom lip, she worked and worked, not once sensing the movement of time. Hollers and cries from outside didn't touch her, nor did the blast of fireworks or sirens coming through the night. Only when a soft knock came on her door did she sense that there was someone else in the world besides herself. "Time for bed, Bells," her father spoke, soon disappearing again. As always, not waiting for a response. She couldn't blame him. Rising from her seat, she stretched her arms above her head until she heard a distinct crack going up her spine; she'd been sitting down for far too long in the same position. She walked across the room, blinking through milky eyes and wasn't watching her feet. And then she was on the ground. The crash had been both loud and silent in her ears, though the blood flowing quickly through her brain told her that it had been a bit more severe than she was used to; though not enough to warrant a midnight visit to the emergency room. She stayed sitting on the floor, rubbing her aching head and trying to stem the flow of tears from the pain. It was rare for her to feel any emotion lately, even physical pain, so it had taken her a bit by surprise. But not as much as what happened next would. Bella tilted her head inquisitively, staring at the floor before her, wondering what was wrong with the image. Turning this and that way, even twisting her legs around to get a better look, it took her a while, but she finally managed to grasp the difference. The floorboards were uneven. Furrowing her brows, she crawled forward and stuck her cracked nails as far underneath one board as she could get them and then she pulled upwards. Groaning against her attempt, it took a few tries before she finally got it loose and pushed away from the rest of the floor. The first thing to catch her attention was the tiny spider that crawled forth from the darkness and skittered across her cold room. She didn't even flinch, just stared oddly at the tiny specimen and returned her vision to the black void that was the floor beneath her room. Not caring what she may find, she stuck a hand inside and felt around for a while. Coming across something hard and solid, she stuck out the tip of her tongue as she maneuvered the object around a bit, trying to get it unstuck. When it finally lay before her, it was not was she was expecting. Covered in a see-through plastic bag, it appeared familiar and yet she couldn't place it. Curious, if only slightly in her haze, she slowly and carefully began to unwrap the items inside and placed them on the floor beside her. When the wrapping was off and thrown to the side, she finally took a look at the contents. And like a light switch, Bella was back. And she was pissed. Authors Note; And there we are. It's probably not the best it could be, but I am currently looking for a Beta; if anyone reading this knows of someone or is someone with experience, good grammar and spelling, great at catching switches in tenses and excellent with plot development and character voices, PM me. Please, I'm pretty desperate! xD Amber.