Third PPOV "I shoulda seen it coming, Boss," the officer said to the woman on the phone, "he..went on tilt and came undone!" The guy next to him, his partner observed the two black screen's in front of him as he quietly listened to what his partner was saying. They were after the guy who stole one of the most powerful weapon's that existed. Well, he wouldn't say it was a weapon if he was exact, but it did hold great importance and also, a lot of power. The officer on the phone looked briefly outside of the window, watching as people passed by. They were in a black van, following their commander's instructions and looking for the guy who had everything he needed. He didn't tell them what he'd do with it, though, he didn't tell them that he wanted it for himself either. He shook his head and listened to his boss's orders on the phone, turning it on speaker-phone. "Coming undone or not," their boss began angrily, "it just means you need a margarita. It doesn't mean cuffing a dozen people in a government lab and then blowing it up. It doesn't mean stealing an object that's critical and the court needs. Does he have the Zephyr or not?!" their boss demanded. She was a lady but she could be intimidating at times. "We believe so," the officer said, his tone unsure. "Uh, huh," their boss mumbled, annoyed. "You believe so," she repeated sarcastically. "Check it out," the guy next to him whispered, nudging him. The officer turned his attention to the screen where his partner was typing furiously, and he titled his head, ignoring his blunt boss. "I don't care what you believe, Aro!" their boss's voice trailed off as he focused less on her voice and more on what his friend was showing him. The officer covered the phone with his right hand, turning his attention to his partner next to him. "Go back. Play it again," he whispered. "...I want the Zephyr!" was the only part he heard when he took his hand off of the phone, directing his attention back to his boss. "We'll have it in hand by the time he land's in Boston!" he assured, his tone confident before he cut the call. He smiled wickedly at the screen. They found him, at last. They traced him back to the airport, the camera caught him on tape colliding into a brunette. He grunted, shaking his head. "Find out who and what she is," he demanded from his partner next to him. "Should I have the field office pick her up when she lands?" his partner offered but he shook his head. "Naah, I got a better idea." BPOV: I stared blankly at the magazine in my hand, tapping my foot against the porcelain floor nervously as my other leg bounced underneath me unconsciously. What would I do? Rose was going to murder for me if I showed up late for her wedding tomorrow! Let's not forget the dress she asked me to pick out! Oh, God! Don't even remind me. "Uh, Miss Swan?" a lady asked, standing in front of me, dressed in formal wear. I looked up and found Tanya and arched an eyebrow at her sweet smile. "We did find a seat for you," she said sweetly. I sighed, relieved and thanked her profusely as I grabbed my things. EPOV: My phone beeped in my pocket as I took a seat casually, getting comfortable. The seat next to me was empty, thank goodness but I didn't want to even think about it cause' I knew if did, a fat guy of sorts would probably take over that seat. Karma could be a bitch. Say something happy now and lightning strikes you! Happens every time. I grabbed my phone out of my jacket pocket, turning it over. It flashed red on the map, alerting me that someone was in my house. Or, my parents house, now. The map zoomed in on a location, zoning on a house. My house. My parents house. The camera showed my father, Carlisle in the garage, welding on something, sparks flying everywhere. My eyes were sad as I took in the image, wondering if I'll ever see them again. If I could go back to my old life. Be in that garage with my dad once more, help him with his car like I did back then.. I was snapped out of my reverie by a familiar voice entering the plane and frowned when I saw the brunette from earlier. Immediately I knew who was behind this. "Oh, Aro, what did you do.." I murmured to myself, shaking my head. The brunette passed the other seats, smiling kindly at the rest of the people as she focused on her feet, probably praying she didn't fall again. She froze and gave me a small smile, one that I returned minutely. She took the seat in front of mine, on the right hand side, opening the holder above to place her bag in it. "These airlines are going out of business, uh," she said casually, huffing as she lifted the bag. I nodded even though she wasn't looking. "There's nobody even on the plane," she shook her head annoyed. The plane skidded on the floor underneath the plan, shaking for a minute before taking off shakily in the air, moving smooth immediately after the few bumps. "The captain has turned on the passenger's seat-belt sign, please remain seated until the sign has turned off," the guy on the intercom announced. I noticed the brunette from earlier staring unabashedly me, smiling shyly when I caught her. I frowned a little when she leaned in, wondering what she was doing. "I'm Bella, by the way." Bella. Hmm. Well, she was beautiful, I'd say that named suited her perfectly. "I'm Edward." A/N: So far, so good? I hope so.. Please review and lemme' know if I should continue? xoxo, EarlyBirdie