motel just down the corner, by the novelty store," I reply, happy that she agrees to join me. "Do we take my car, or…?" I wonder out loud, since there is a very good chance that we will be too drunk to drive later. She seems to be at the same place as me. "No, don't worry about that. There's a train that runs through most of the smaller communities in this part of Alabama and it's a twenty-four hour schedule. What will you do about Thirteen?" "Oh, she's used to staying by herself in my room when I go out," I say, not bothering to explain that this was an everyday kinda thing for me. "Alright, guess I'll see you in a few hours, then," she smiles and waves as Thirteen and I leave the store, bell ringing as the door shuts behind us. This will be an interesting night. -*- Broken Road -*- Mallory hadn't disappointed. A little more than an hour on the train and we were in Stewartville by the time ten o'clock rolled around. I didn't think it was possible to find a town smaller than Salem but I was definitely proven wrong. However, it had what we needed; a bar that didn't bother asking for identification. As it turned out, a college football team was staying in the larger city nearby and had had the same thought as us; it left us with plenty of conversation through the night and kept me from ever having to dive into my own pile of (stolen) cash. Though I liked to think that I earned it. When Mallory made the rookie mistake of actually paying through on her promise that kept us in drinks, I was forced to bruise my already injured hand when the drunken frat boy got a little too rough with her in the backseat of their bus. Luckily for her I'd been on my way back to the train station and had overheard her struggles. We spent the hour on the ride back drunkenly talking as she continued thanking me, over and over again. I tried to wave it off but she wouldn't hear of it. She kept mumbling about returning the favor though I can't fathom how she intends to do that. Silly drunk girls; they're always such fun to be around. Now, it was six in the morning and I had just dropped Mallory at her apartment to sleep it off. It only took another five minutes before I was back at my motel and ready to greet what I was sure was a tired Thirteen. I should have known better than to think my luck had somehow turned in the three days since my trip to Mixers. "What the hell do you think you're doing?" I say, frowning as I come up to the front doors of the motel. "Saving your ass, so how 'bout you thank me," Alice replies as she pats my girl on the head. The two of them are sitting out on the front stoop, Alice on top of my luggage; she has a slowly-forming black eye and her knuckles are slightly bruised. I kneel down in front of Thirteen, checking her over, and when I'm satisfied that she's okay, I turn to the incessant little bitch who just doesn't know how to leave me alone. "I will thank you if I feel you've earned it, now tell me what the fuck happened." She rolls her eyes and sighs, but thankfully does as I ask. "I happened to be in the room next to yours and heard the key turning in the lock. The footsteps were too harsh to be yours so I looked out the window and saw the manager's son. He'd introduced himself earlier, but I made it clear I wasn't interested. Looks like he thought he found someone else to place his unwanted attentions on," she says, raising a brow in my direction. I nodded for her to continue. "Anyway, I knew you'd left your dog in there, cause I'd heard her earlier, so I listened closely to see what would happen. I guess she thought it was an intruder, which I suppose it was, and she attacked. When that bastard ran crying to mama, she kicked you out and when I tried to talk to her, things got a little physical. When she threatened to call the Sheriff, I figured it was time to back out gracefully." I lean back in shock; she had defended me? After I gave her nothing but shit, too. Not exactly what I was expecting. My frozen heart was far from melting; this wasn't a fucking fairy tale, but I knew she deserved something in return. Something big. I sat down next to Thirteen, running my hand through the fur on her back as I thought over what to do. I knew what it was, of course, but I wanted to make sure that I wouldn't regret it horribly, down the road. Sighing, I knew I had no other choice. "Fine, you can ride with me from here on out. But you're taking the backseat," I say, pointing a finger at her. "You don't ask about me or my past, you understand that Thirteen comes first, and you pitch in every now and then for food and gas." "Thank you, thank you," she exclaims, throwing her tiny arms around me. I push her away. "And absolutely no touching." She shrugs, still smiling at me. "Any more rules I should know about, before we go?" I roll my eyes. "Not as of yet, but I'm sure I'll think of more eventually." I rise from the sidewalk, grab my luggage out from under Alice and whistle at Thirteen. Walking to the car, I turn back around. "Oh, and my name is Bella." Authors Note; Title song is Broken and Ugly by Beth Hart , a brilliant lyricist and singer. Check out the song on YouTube if you're smart. xD