looked up at Jacob, and there was something in his eyes. Some sort of twinkle or secret, as if he was enjoying his own private joke. The flame of dryness and irritation engulfed his throat, forcing him to choke back the words he was going to say. Jacob found something shifting within him, altering his thoughts, his emotions, and his heart. This odd revelation struck like a bolt of lightning, shocking his senses simultaneously; it felt as if all these years he'd been blind, his eyes hazed over by delusions of reality, and now he could see with clear sight what reality truly was. Gravity no longer held him grounded to the earth – no, instead it was this creature. Jacob could see the filaments of the bond sealing his life eternally to her, she was a dog, but there was something different and unnatural about her that his wolf seemed to see more so than he could as a human. It was all so clear now, so blindly clear. "You alright there, son?" the man asked, his eyebrows drawn in concern. "You don't look so well, maybe you should sit down." "No." Jacob managed finally able to regain his composure. "I think I'm alright now." The man blew a heavy sigh of relief, truly concerned about Jacob's well-being, "Good to know, son. And where are my manners, honestly, my ma – May she rest in eternal peace- is probably giving the spirits grief over my slight." His toothless grin spread across his face, another inside joke that flew right over Jacob's head, and then thrust his hand forward. "I'm Jedidiah Crazy Horse, but everyone calls me Jed." Jacob hesitantly extended his own hand, "Jake – Jacob Black." "Well, Jacob. It's nice to meet one of the people." Jed said, his friendly smile increasing tenfold. "It's not often that you see youths of the people among pale faces…especially one so statuesque." A warm tingling sensation licked across the palm of Jacob's hand and snaked its way up the length of his arm. His wolf instincts told him to withdraw his arms and the tension he felt while driving up to Port Angeles reminded him that it had never dissipated. He had been all wolf once, pushed the human side of himself behind the invisible walls of his mind, in an effort to escape the pain of being vulnerable. All practical instincts with none of the overanalyzed, emotional drama associated with being human. It was a bizarre experience, pushing away one aspect of yourself for another, but Jacob knew that when his wolf did force he's way to the surface, it was usually for a good reason. The female creature beside Jed growled at Jacob and he was sure she could sense the shift or rather the change of his human nature to his wolf one. She bared her fangs which glistened stark white in the afternoon sun, dazzlingly so, and crouched down priming herself for the initial strike. If Jacob hadn't been a werewolf he would have found her menacing. Wolf-like features on a tawny-reddish brown slender frame, with petite paws and jackal cone shaped ears, this creature was anything but a dog. Too much muscle, too tall, and the proportions were way off – Jacob's wolf growled at his oversight. Jed laughed abruptly and the sound carried like the cawing sound of a crow, or maybe more accurately the whooping sound of a coughing animal – in any case Jacob's wolf didn't enjoy being the butt of this man's joke. "Ah, wolf. Such is your way." Jed whispered, drawing closer to Jacob. "Of all the spirits great creatures you have always been the biggest and strongest." Taken aback by Jed's comment Jacob leapt backward and allowed the all too familiar flame of anger wash over him. He was fed up with all this crap. Suddenly his uneventful occasional vampire infested life had taken a change for the worst – not only were there some freaky untraceable vampires stalking his territory, but now some stranger somehow knew his most precious secret? There was no way all of this was a coincidence. "Who are you?" Jacob growled. The animalistic nature of sound drew unwanted attention from the people around them, some even paused to stare somewhat interested in the idea of a showdown in the midst of a dreary farmer's market. His lips reared back, curling up over his teeth like that of a wolf's muzzle pulling back to demonstrate his fangs, and every muscle in his body went stiff locking his body into place. The fact that Jacob couldn't get a good reading on this man and on the canine-like creature at his side was enough reason to be suspicious, and now he in no way believed that this man's – Jed- intentions weren't as pure as they once appeared. Jacob wasn't one for letting things slide – there was no way this man was human. "What are you?" "Be at peace, wolf. Calm your fury and rage. I am not here to harm you." Jed whispered, the words rolling off of his tongue like he'd sung them. The sensation from before returned only instead of spreading from contact it was hidden within Jed's words and hit Jacob with the full force of a wrecking ball. "I believe that we can both help one another with each other's problems." He's talking about the vampires , Jacob though, his mind reeling. And even though he knew that's what Jed was referring to he found himself still asking, "Help each other with what?" Jed cleared his throat, closed his eyes and began humming to himself softly. When he opened his eyes again they were glowing bright yellow. "Someone or someones have been tracking and hunting my kin." He paused, allowing the irises of his eyes to return back to their natural human color. "And once they have eliminated us, there will be nothing stopping them from coming for your kind as well."