it wasn't the only problem. At least I would always keep the memory of her words; that she felt as strongly as I did, which I had not dared hope for. I saw her nod out of the corner of my eye and knew that she had gotten her answer from my reaction. I was forcing myself to accept it, regardless of how it might hurt. The rest of the trip was made in silence, with the Major glancing back at us every few minutes, to make sure that we were alright and still behind him like we should be. Although I had no idea what the ocean air tasted like, or what it felt to be walking on sand, I knew the instant we got closer to our destination. Because Isabella wrapped her hand around mine. We stayed connected, until we made it to the edge of the small boat; two men were waiting inside and one of them was dressed much like the Major. "Anthony," he spoke, pointing to the soldier in the boat. "This is Officer Hannes. He will keep you safe, should you run into any trouble." He then stepped over to talk in low voices with him. Those introductions over with, Isabella pulled me over to the other man. "Meet Magnus, Anthony," she said, removing her hand from mine, so I could shake the one of the newcomer. "Hello, sir," I said, trying not to glance at Isabella. "Boy's got manners, I like that," he grinned and I instantly felt a lot calmer. "But none of that sir business. My name is Magnus and, speaking of names, I've got something for you, boy," He handed me a small piece of paper and continued with a few instructions. "Once you memorize this information, you'll throw that into the water, so no one will find it. It holds your new identity." More excited than me, Isabella leaned over and grabbed the paper. "Edward Cullen." I turned to her, brows furrowed. "What?" "That's your new name, Anthony. Or should I say Edward. See?" she said, handing me back the note. As she said, it had that name on it, along with a new birth date and names of my parents. Dr. Carlisle and Mrs. Esme Cullen. I didn't understand that last part, but Magnus appeared to know what I was thinking. "We don't usually go into such details, but because of your age, you have to have a place, right? Once you've been in Sweden for a while, we'll get you to England where the Cullen couple have been kind enough to take you in. That's when your new life can really begin, boy." I was having a hard time swallowing all of this, especially considering how little time I had been given to prepare for this. It had just been thrown at me, several days before I was ready. I had purposely not thought about my escape, because David had said three days, not less than one. But again, someone sensed my discomfort. "No one is trying to replace your parents, Anthony," Isabella spoke, laying a hand on my arm. "No one ever will. But this is important. If the SS is looking for an orphan boy called Anthony, then they won't be searching for a boy named Edward who still has both of his parents. You understand, don't you?" And that was the crux of it… because I did. I just didn't want to. "Alright," Magnus said, grabbing back our attention. "Enough of this, we need to get going before dawn arrives. By then, we have to have crossed the border into Swedish waters, or shit will hit the fan. Come on, son, get inside and we're off." "He'll be right with you, Magnus," Isabella said, before pulling me a few feet away from the boat. "Look at me, Anthony." I lifted my watery eyes from the sand, overwhelmed with different emotions and not ready to say goodbye. Not that I ever would be. Her hand came up to lay on my cheek as brown met green. "I know that this is goodbye, but I also know that it's for the best. What kind of life could you have here? No one can know how long this horrible war will last and I would rather have you safe, but not with me, than the terrible alternative. Okay?" I nodded, but she repeated the last word, obviously wanting to hear my words. "Okay, Isabella. But you can't stop me from missing you." She gave a teary laugh. "Understood. Now, let's get you to safety." Knowing I couldn't put it off any longer, I did the only thing I could think of; I leaned in and laid a gentle kiss on her lips. Something for her to remember, if she ever found herself thinking of me. She appeared speechless, as I walked away from her, shook Major Wendelin's hand and got into the small boat. And as the two men began to row away, I felt like I was leaving my heart on the sandy beach in the distance. But this was for the best and I knew it. I would get to start over, to continue living, just as I had promised my father. I would always remember the gentle kindness of my mother, the stern, but loving hand of my father and the beautiful spirit of my little sister. But for them, I would start anew. I would do my best to accept the doctor and his wife as my new parents, to accept their help and their home. And all the while, I would hold one image clear in my head. Of Isabella Petersen and how she saved my life. I smiled as we sailed further away. And then the smile fell away. Because just as we were sailing out of sight, a dozen armed soldiers came out of the forest and surrounded Isabella and the Major. And then I could no longer see them.