Her Mate Jasper stood with a protective arm around her shoulder. He had blonde hair as well and looked to be in pain. He looked at me with so much sorrow that it made me flinch. What was his problem? Prince Emmett had short curly brown hair. He was a big male with huge muscles. I immediately cowered back a little bit while looking at him, he looked so intimidating! He was standing next to a stunning female it was Princess Rosalie, she was gorgeous! With long blonde hair and a bone structure to die for, her legs seemed to never end and she had curves in all the right places. She was glaring at me, and I wondered why. "It's a pleasure to meet you all your highness's" I said and gave a weak smile. The small girl, princess Alice jumped up to me and took my hands in hers "The pleasure is all ours! Charlie has kept you hidden long enough. Finally a new shopping partner!" I smiled back at her but cringed at the inside at the thought of shopping. "Sounds wonderful," I said in a small voice and looked down at our joined hands. She had a massive engagement ring and wedding band on her left ring finger, a symbol that a vampire have mated in the vampire world. Jasper was right behind her and for some strange reason glaring at Charlie. Charlie looked at him with confusion mirroring mine. Alice dragged me by the hand over to the couch and made me sit down next to her "You are so beautiful! I had a vision of you an-" Carlisle cut her off with a sharp voice "That's enough Alice!" Alice immediately shut up but the look she was giving me told me that she was hiding something big. All the family members were sending me odd looks and I was starting to feel uncomfortable. Charlie was looking just as confused as me, but the glare he gave me spoke his mind - What have you done now you little whore! I cringed, and as I did so the most beautiful man I had ever seen walked through the door. I gasped and stood up immediately. He had copper hair and golden eyes. He was tall, taller than the average for a male but not as big as Prince Emmett. He was dressed in an expensive looking suit that made my knees go weak. He was just so beautiful! He had a pointed jaw and his lips were begging to be kissed. He was looking at me with an expression I could not read. He was frozen in place as I was. The world seemed to disappear. It was only me and him in the room. When he moved, he was walking towards me with determination. I only stared back. Who was this god of a man? When he reached me, he crushed me to his chest and I melted in his arms. I wanted to be there forever and never let him go. It seemed like I would die if he did. "Mine" he growled and my body went rigid at his words. What did he mean? I would die to be his, but did he feel the same strong feeling as I did? I was burying my face in his chest. He smelled so masculine and strong. I melted right there. He was crushing me to his chest, like he was afraid of letting me go. He growled the word 'mine' over and over again, burying his face in my neck and hair and I wanted so badly the words to be true. "Edward, son," Said Carlisle, was this Edward? Was it the King himself holding me? I could not imagine him being as horrible as the rumors said. Edward sneered and growled at Carlisle. In fact he was glaring at every male in the room, I pulled away to look in his face. When I did so, he whimpered. Actually whimpered at the loss of contact, like an animal. His eyes were now pitch black with love and desire. I could only imagine that my eyes looked the same. His matched my emotions perfectly. I did not dare look at Charlie. His face must be murderous and I could only imagine the beating I will get when we get home for behaving like this with the King. I whimpered. I would have to leave him today. The thought was absolutely horrible. I did not want to go. He looked pained at my new expression of sorrow and hugged me tighter to him "Are you alright my love? What is troubling you?" His voice was so calming and beautiful like a lullaby. Where was my voice? I was only staring at him, taking everything in. What was happening? He squeezed his arms even tighter around me and I let out a little yelp in pain. He had accidentally squeezed the bruises that Charlie had made before we left. I noticed that the entire family was watching our exchange with interest, and I felt embarrassed for causing a scene. Never once did I look at my father, afraid of what I might see. Edward was seething now, his eyes were pitch black, but not out of love and desire. He was furious! I cringed back into his arms and felt him start soothing the bruises on my upper arm, it felt so good. He matched his own hands with the bruise and realized that a person had done this. His growl was terrifying. "Who harmed my mate?" He was spitting the words out between clenched teeth, that was when everything went black and I felt strong arms lift me up. I was the King's Mate. A/N: I hope you guys like this ff! I know there are many ''vampire king'' fanfics out there, but I wanted to write one for myself as well :) Please enjoy and leave a review! Pics are on my profile.