excruciatingly slow. Our breaths were ragged as we moved together. "Oh, Edward….God, Edward," she said, her legs wrapped around me tightly. She arched her back, panting as she let out a low, sexy moan that only a vixen such as herself could muster. The feel of her coming around me brought much of the same reaction out of me. I groaned, jutting my hips forward rapidly as I came and, in layman's terms, released my seed. "Edward," she murmured my name, and it sounded as if she were smiling. Rather than rest my full weight on her I readjusted us so we were lying side by side. My arms were wrapped around her and her head nestled into the crook of my neck. At first she laced it with kisses but she soon stopped, and from the pattern of her breathing, I couldn't tell if she had falling asleep or not. "Edward," she said my name, again. I liked the sound of it coming from her mouth. "Hmm?" I hummed, as she wigged around in my arms. "Get up, I don't want to sleep on the couch all night," she told me, and I let go. "Do you want me to leave?" I asked, opening my eyes and sitting up on the couch. She smiled, teasingly at me as she stood from the couch, walking backwards in the direction of the hallway. "That's up to you, really…but I will be awfully lonely in here…" she said, grinning before she turned around and continued down the hallway. I stood from the couch and followed after her. When I entered the room-that was painted an interesting shade of violet, with red shutters blocking her windows-she was already under the sheets of her bed, and I wasted no time sliding in behind her, loving the more comfortable feeling it had, as opposed to the couch. "Was this your intention when we first got into the cab?" I asked her, curiously. She shook her head, "Not in the slightest, but I couldn't be any happier." "You don't regret the fact that you don't even know me?" "I know your name, and that's a start, Edward," she repeated, grinning. "I might begin to regret it, though, if you don't make love to me again." Her hand reached between us, lightly caressing my cock. "Anything for you," I murmured, burying my face in her hair as I pushed her legs apart, going for round two. I woke up the following morning to the sound of an alarm going off. I sat up abruptly, trying to find the annoying device. It was her cell phone. I swiped to the side to shut the alarm off. Looking further away, the light of the bathroom was on, as was the shower. I ran my hand through my hair, the entire night coming back to me in such a rush that I almost didn't believe it. I had to, though, as it explained why I was in this unfamiliar apartment, in an unfamiliar bed—naked. I pushed the covers back and went to my clothes that were still in the living room. Walking down the hall I prayed it that no one was there. Wishes do come true. I slipped into my clothes, tempted to make a cup of coffee—but would that be overstaying my welcome?. I didn't even know if she wanted me to be around when she got out of the shower so, I figured I would just leave—that would be better…right? Going back to the bedroom I picked up her cell phone, punching in my number before placing it back on the bed. I put my shoes on and opened the door, leaving the apartment before I could talk myself into staying. I shut the door softly, telling myself this was for the best. Who wanted an awkward goodbye conversation, anyways? If she did want to see me, though, at least she would have my number. I hadn't even thought to call my phone with hers but now the ball was fully in her court. When it came down to it, I would probably never see that girl again in my life. New York was a big place; you don't usually run into the same people twice. She probably would have preferred it that way, if she knew how horrible I was at relationships, apparently. That's what my last girlfriend said when she broke up with me, and I suppose she was right because I didn't falter, hearing the words—I didn't cry, I wasn't saddened. I was more…relieved than anything. Once outside the building, I hailed another taxi. I was further downtown than I realized last night, and it would be a long journey to the Upper East Side. I leaned my head against the window and let my eyes flutter shut, though the only thing I saw was the image of her face. There you have it, this is my newest work. No fear, I still plan to continue "My Love on Sommer Isle" but this idea came up and the writing for it was flowing more freely. Please let me know what you're thinking, I do cherish each and every review. For more of my writings you can check my livejournal community (link in profile), and add me on my personal LJ, if you wish-I enjoy making new friends so I wouldn't mind. This will be in Edward's point of view, but I'm already thinking of writing one that coincides with this, in Bella's. Though, I don't want to tackle on too much. Does it interest you to have this in Edward's point of view? I look forward to hearing from you all! I'd rather not go down the confusing route that makes me feel like not continuing when the story has nearly 200 hits and maybe five reviews, it doesn't make sense. I took a lot of time to write this, could you spare a minute to review and tell me what you think? Chams.