be immortal, but we still have many of our human qualities and desires," she said, finally releasing his hand. "Why, if you can survive off of animals, do the others feed off of people?" he asked, still unclear. She tilted her head and replied, "Human blood is almost like oxygen for us, in a way. We are hardwired to want it. A good comparison? It's like human food, for instance. Most humans love steaks, they eat meat. I would probable compare it to that. Imagine you crave steak, you want it, you need it to sustain you, but you choose to eat tofu instead, to spare the animals. That is why we call ourselves 'vegetarians'," she said with a chuckle. "Large game can sustain us, but the thirst for something better is always there. Most vampires see us as otherworldly, as you do but from a different perspective. They can't understand why we deny ourselves steak and settle for tofu," she added, smiling. They remained for a few moments, Esme allowing him to absorb even more of the onslaught of information he was receiving. Charlie finally looked away from her and got to his feet. "I still find this all hard to believe, you know, though seeing you move so fast and feeling your granite skin makes it so much more convincing. Is there not something you all can do to prevent any of what Alice sees? I don't like the idea of living in a world where I can expect some insane supernatural battle. I...I am just a man, just human. Why couldn't you all have just kept me out of this and protected us without me knowing?" he asked, looking back up at her and seeing sadness on her face. Suddenly Alice and the others were right there in front of him, and he felt a sudden calm that confused him until he looked at Jasper who Carlisle had said could manipulate emotions. Charlie frowned at him before looking at Alice when she began to speak, as Billy and Harry finally caught up and flanked Charlie again. "You would die if we left you in the dark and defenseless, never knowing what was going on around you. I've looked and looked and there is no way around us telling you, without accepting your death. There are...things that I see that I will not share with you now, as they may change. But suffice to say I know you would want to be alive to help your friends and protect your daughter. Your future is destined to twine with ours. That is why we are telling you this." She spoke calmly, though she could see the fear her words had created behind his eyes at the thought of dying in some horrible way, leaving his daughter behind in such a dangerous world. Charlie nodded and looked away from them to his oldest friends. "I can't take much more of this. I guess, thank you for telling me. I would appreciate a heads-up as early as possible to any...things...that will happen before you all return to live here," he said awkwardly to Carlisle, ready to flee to and lose himself in some beers and fish in hopes of forgetting some if not all of this. Though he knew there would be no forgetting. Carlisle nodded and smiled lightly as he gestured to Charlie, Billy and Harry to follow him back through the house and to Harry's Scout. "Thank you for allowing us to meet you today, Charlie. I very much look forward to working beside you in the future, though I regret that not all things will be pleasant when the time comes," he said. "Billy, Harry, we will be in touch with you as well, of course. Please pass on my good will to Old Quil and the Council," he added, bowing his head and raising a hand to his heart in respect. Billy nodded as they climbed into the Scout, looking again at the pale family that was watching them leave. "We will be waiting," he said, and then Harry backed them out of the driveway and turned to take the road back to the highway. *Back to present time, January 2006* Charlie shook his head as his police cruiser pulled to a stop on the driveway in front of the plantation-looking home of the Cullens. He sat there for a few moments, remembering that first meeting and then his second, when in the span of five minutes Alice had met his daughter that first summer, and the occasional phone calls and letters they sent him to keep him informed if they could. He fought the image of Esme in his mind that had haunted him in the best and worst way since he had met her that fateful day, frowning because he knew that Edward would hear his thoughts and that Alice had probably seen him thinking about her over the years. Grunting in self-loathing, he unsnapped his seat belt and got out of his car and approached the house, alone this time. He never got a chance to knock; the door opened as soon as he stepped onto the porch and a smiling Carlisle gestured for him to enter. "It is good to see you again, Charlie. Thank you for coming over as soon as I called," he said, letting Charlie in and closing the door while motioning towards that same dining room. Author's Note: So even though I've been a fan of the Twilight books for years and Team Edward lol, this is the first time I've ever delved into the Twilight fan fiction world. I literally read my first TFF a week ago. Like my ships in the Harry Potter fan fiction world, I am unique and cannot seem to stick to canon ships for the most part. So bear with me, as this plot is new and still forming, but I'm extremely excited about it! I hope you enjoy this...please read and review!