yet." "Take you're time, stay as long as you want, you have nothing to worry about… she's safe with me," Rob replied. I could hear the whole conversation, but it was like I was in an alternate universe where I understood what they were saying but the meaning was lost to me. The next thing I knew, I was being carried out of the club and felt the cool crisp leather of the seat when Rob put me in his truck. "Bella? I'll have you home in a few minutes and you can rest okay?" Rob told me softly, brushing a strand of hair out of my face and tucking it behind my ear. "Ookaay." I smiled and closed my eyes against the cool leather headrest. I never felt the truck move, but I remember the floating sensation again and opened my eyes to find that I was lying on my bed. How long have I been here? I looked at my alarm clock and noticed that it was almost 3 a.m. - We got to the club around 10:00 p.m. so I figured it must have been eleven-something when I had my little melt down. Wait, how did I get here? - Oh yeah… Rob… that was really nice of him. I stood up to go to get something to drink from the kitchen and tripped over something on the floor next to my bed. As I fell to the carpet, I turned to see that Rob was lying there on my floor covered with one of the extra blankets I keep stacked in the corner. Surprisingly, even with my tripping, he didn't budge. He was so handsome laying there with the full moon shining through the curtain casting a glow across his face. He really seemed like a nice guy. He said hello to me almost every morning, brought me coffee and breakfast, sometimes for no reason at all, and was always smiling. I instantly felt guilty for having told him repeatedly that I wouldn't go out with him. I didn't deserve his kindness. I knew better than to do what I was about to do, but if I waited until I sobered up completely I would never follow through. I knelt down on the floor beside him and touched his face startling him. He grabbed my wrist and sat up quickly. Looking at me, he released my wrist as the panic left his face. "Hi," I said softly. "Hi," he replied with a gentle but confused look, still breathing deeply from my scare. Before he had time to say anything else, I leaned into him and softly pressed my lips to his. We kissed lightly for just a minute before I resumed my space. "Thanks for bringing me home," I told him sincerely. "You're welcome. I… uh… should go… uh… you know… now that you're okay to be here alone. I didn't mean to intrude, you were just really out of it." Rob smiled apologetically as he climbed up off the floor and started to fold up the blanket. It took me a minute to realize what he was saying. "Actually, if you don't mind I'd like you to stay," I told him, not sure of what I really wanted or expected from this night. What are you doing? You're leading him on… this isn't good… tomorrow things will be back to normal and you'll feel differently. "Okay… are you sure? I mean… Of course I'll stay, but I don't want you to be uncomfortable or anything… you should get some rest," he answered smiling. "No… I mean… yeah I'm sure… I don't really want to be alone tonight." I looked down at my feet, feeling a little embarrassed at having sounded so desperate. Rob wordlessly nodded with an understanding smile. He unfolded his blanket and grabbed a couple more to make a pallet in the floor then laid back down. I lay back down on my bed and took a moment to text Ana, letting her know I was okay. She replied to me that she and the crew were having a blast and that she had met someone. She said she wouldn't be home for the night since I was feeling better, but only if it was okay with me. I responded to let her know to absolutely enjoy herself and that I would be fine since I had asked Rob to stay with me. My phone buzzed one more time. I opened it to read a final text from Ana. Rob is staying? All Night? OMG Girl – I expect details tomorrow!!! :P "Rob?" I whispered quietly while laying my phone back on the night stand. I hoped he hadn't already fallen back asleep. "Yeah? Do you need me to get you something?" he asked, shifting to sit up so he could see me atop the bed. "Uh… yeah… I know this is going to sound strange… but would you lay up here with me?" Wow…yeah that sounded as awkward as I expected… I could barely believe the words that had just escaped my mouth and I'm sure he was just as shocked. I had spent the better part of 3 months politely rejecting his requests to have dinner or go dancing, only to ask him on a random night to climb in bed with me because I was drunk and lonely. As requested, he climbed onto the bed with me, nervously eyeing my face and waiting for the rejection I'd shown him so many times before. But tonight I wouldn't reject him, tonight my defenses were down and I just wanted to be held. He lay down on the pillow next to me, careful not to get too close in case I were to change my mind. I shifted in his direction, letting my head rest on his shoulder and put my arm across his chest. He slowly wrapped his arms around me, sighing ever so slightly as I drifted off to dream.