trying to give the hint to and winks at them. "You boys may want to take your boners else where. She's with me." I'm too shocked to disagree and just stare wide-eyed at the Goddess before me. Did I just turn lesbian? Cuz I am totes turned on right now. Ben and Sam look at each other before giving small waves and leaving. Before I can thank the blonde woman, Emmett is snatching her up and kissing the ever loving shit out of her. I'm about to freak out when she pulls away from him and turns her megawatt smile to me. "I'm sorry, I haven't had a change to introduce myself yet. I'm Rosalie, Alice's sister and Emmett's wife." She holds her hand out and this one I shake because I definitely want to know her. "Hi Rosalie, I'm Bella and may I just say, you are a fantastic kisser. Way to go Em!" I let go of her hand to give him a high-five. "You're not so bad yourself. You taste like strawberries." She rasps and I smile widely because I forgot about the new drink Alice brought to me. 00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 An hour later we are all hammered and waiting outside for Alice's dad to pick us up and take us to our respected homes. "Jasper you need to go home tonight. Me and Bella are going to spend our first night alone in our new house." "But you said we were gonna..." He trails off when he sees Emmett glaring at him. "Watch movies and stuff." He finishes quietly. "Ali if you wanna go to his house it's fine." I say sadly, because I actually do want to spend our first night in the house together. "No way, he just got laid this morning, he can wait until tomorrow." Alice says matter of fact. Jasper pouts but concedes. A few minutes later a silver mini-van pulls up and a hot as hell man with blonde hair like Rosalie's gets out. He opens the sliding side door on the van and my eyes are drawn to the very long fingers he has on the handle. "Alright all of you responsible adults, hop in." The hot man with the fingers yells. Everyone starts filing in one by one. Rosalie and Emmett take the backseat. The middle seats are bucket seats that Jasper and Alice take, leaving me to sit up front with the hot piece of ass chauffeur. Which isn't a good idea in my inebriated state. I could try to jump him while he's driving. "Alice" I whisper harshly. "I cannot sit up there with that piece of man meat!" She looks at me disgusted before telling me that's her dad. Shocked I look back at the man beside me who seems to be enjoying this conversation that I did not realize he could hear. It takes a few seconds of my studying his face and well defined arms before I recognize him from the family photos Alice had up in our apartment. I hoped that would deter me from wanting to hump his leg, but it doesn't. "That's Carlisle?!" I squeak. Alice just nods and I take another second studying the man before looking back to Alice ashamed for what I'm about to say. "That doesn't change anything." "Gah Bella you are gross!" She yells before moving from her seat to the front. I just smile appreciatively and take the seat she vacated. Her dad closes the door before getting in on his side, turning the van on and driving without saying a word. 00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 "I can't believe you thought my dad was hot!" Alice says giggling. Since we didn't finish unpacking, both of our mattresses were leaning on the living room wall. We decided to plop them down, grab some blankets, and camp out here for the night. "Oh come on! I'm sure all of your friends growing up had to think so. Trust me, if we were friends in middle school, I would have totally had my first orgasm to thoughts of him." Or your brother Edward. "Bella! That's disgusting" Her laugh is cut off by a hard bang on the back door. We both jump up and look towards it, trying to decipher any movement through the kitchen windows. When a shadow passes one of them we scream bloody murder. "Follow me!" I scream at Ali, grabbing her hand and pulling her to the bathroom. We barge in before slamming the door shut and locking it. "Who the fuck was that?" Ali cried. "Do you think your dad is out there?" "Bella give it up! You're not going to fuck my dad!" "I meant, do you think your dad could be trying to scare us!" I yell. Although I wouldn't mind a little hero sex if he did save us from whatever it was. "Oh, no way. I watched him pull out of the driveway." She reaches into her pants pocket and pulls out her cell phone. "I'll call him to make sure." After asking her dad if it was him that was out there and him saying he was already home, Alice told him he did not need to come over and that we were fine. Apparently she was really worried about me trying to screw her dad. When she hung up I smacked her on the arm. "We are not okay! Something was fucking out there. We could die!" I have real tears in my eyes and I'm about ready to beg her to just call the police. She's quiet for a moment before we hear another faint thud. "Okay fuck. I'll call my brother." I nod thinking she meant Emmett. I hope he answers. Based on the sounds coming from the back of the van, I think he and Rosalie might be a bit preoccupied. "Come on... answer the phone... Hey! Edward?" 00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 Well I hope you enjoyed the first chapter! Let me know what you think! Until next time! -Bre