to work. I got home a little before 7:00 p.m., and planned on picking up Lanita in about an hour. I was about to take a shower when I heard my phone ringing. I didn't recognize the number or the area code, so I let the machine take it. I heard the beep and ducked my head out of the bedroom to hear the message when I heard Bella's voice on the speaker. I dove for the phone. "Bella!" I cried. "Simmons. I am glad to see that you would still answer the phone even though you knew it was me," she said. "Why wouldn't I answer the phone?" I asked in a surprised voice. "Well," she began. "I have caused you quite a bit of trouble. I read about Hans Grunderman. Tough break." It was so good to hear her voice. I wanted so much to ask her when or even if she was coming back. "So, how is the honeymoon?" I asked. There was a long pause on the other end. When she finally spoke, it was all breathless and airy. I could hear the smile in her voice. "It's wonderful." I remembered seeing them on the dance floor in the Rainbow Room, and the way they looked at each other at the wedding. I was pretty sure I had a firm grip on how the honeymoon was going. It was a stupid question to ask anyway. I cleared my throat and asked a much more useful question. "So, what's up? Are you coming back soon?" "Yes, I am," she said in a matter of fact tone. "Edward and I are going to be in town this weekend. We're going to pack up my apartment. I will be ending my lease at the end of January. I was hoping you would come over and help so we could see you one more time." One more time? Why just one more time? I wondered . "That would be great," I said. "We will be at the apartment on Saturday. Can you come over then?" Bella sounded so happy. "You bet. I'll be there." I tried to sound happy too. "By the way," she said. "Edward's sister, Alice will be there. Try not to take it too personally if she acts a little angry towards you. She'll get over it." "Angry? Bella, why should Edward's sister be angry at me?" I squeaked. How big was Edward's family anyway? Bella ignored my question as she continued. "Oh, and Rosalie will be there too. She doesn't fully trust me on the shoe thing. You might notice a slight hostility on the part of Rosalie as well. Don't take it personally. She won't get over it. That's just the way she is." Who the heck was Rosalie? What was the shoe thing? "Simmons, you still there?" Bella asked. "Yeah, Bella, I'm here. What time should I come over?" "Whenever. We'll be starting early. Just come when you can, and Simmons, thanks so much! It'll be great to see you!" Then she hung up. I went back to the bathroom lost in my thoughts of Bella giving up her apartment and leaving New York. She made it sound like I would never see her again. I wondered if there was any chance I could talk her into staying. I had a few ideas. Maybe we could talk before she really said good-bye. All of the sudden the prospect of seeing Lanita didn't thrill me. I knew why. Just talking to Bella on the phone was a thousand times more exciting than a night with Lanita. I knew that the way I acted towards Bella had led many people to the mistaken notion that I had feelings for her. Heck, even STAR magazine was telling everyone that we had dated. Just for the record, I am not, nor have I ever been, in love with Bella. Okay, when I first met her I was . . . well, to say the least, very interested. That lasted about three days. My interest in her lasted just long enough for her fangs to sink into me when I asked her if it was really necessary that a report she demanded from me contain so much detail about the company that it would take 10 people at least a month to gather it all. She ordered me to have it on her desk the following Tuesday. With no help. Just me. I am totally serious. I still remember how her eyes flared when she tore into me. I don't think she took a breath for three minutes straight while she ripped me apart. I remember the exact moment my adjectives describing her changed from captivating, stunning and fascinating, to words I would never say in front of my mother. Luckily, I later had the chance to prove myself to her and gain her respect. I also got to see the more human side of her as time went on, and the rest, as they say, is history. The attributes I found in Bella were hard to explain. She challenged me. She kept me on my toes. She made me want to be better than I was. It wasn't that I was in love with Bella. What I missed was the excitement and sarcasm. The adrenaline and energy she inspired in me. I was especially intrigued the last few months when I saw the real Bella emerge. I was amazed at her strength and vivacity. She was like the best friend that I never knew I wanted. I didn't want Bella, but I knew that I did want someone like her. I would miss her. I sighed as I turned the shower on. It was Monday night. Saturday couldn't come fast enough for me. I really hope that you will give this story a chance even though it is in Simmons' POV. I need to hear what you all are thinking, so please let me know! Next chapter tomorrow!