Until her phone buzzed. I leaned behind me, picking it up, intent on handing it to her, when the words on the screen caught my eye, piquing my ire. My head shot up. "Why would someone named Sarah be sending you a schedule for hours at the Thriftway, Bella? You're working for me, at the bar." "No, I'm not." "What?" I growled. "We already settled this." She sighed. "I can't be in a relationship with you and work for you, Edward. It's too much." "You aren't working as a cashier. I won't allow it." "You have no say." I stood up. "I have every say." She stood as well. "I don't think so. It's my life. I'll make the decisions. I have to work, and since I have no banking experience and zero interest in the funeral parlor, the Thriftway is my only choice." "You work for me. Or you don't work at all. Case closed. You are not going to be a cashier." She threw up her hands. "Why, Edward? Why is being a barmaid so different than being a cashier?" "Because in the bar, I can make sure you're safe. I can't control what happens at the Thriftway. I won't allow it." She tilted her head. "Can't control what happens or can't control me?" "Both. It's safer for you at the bar. I'm there." "I want…" "What do you want?" "I want to control my own life." I laughed. "No, you don't. You have longed for someone to take control. To make the decisions you struggled with for so long. I'm that someone. You know it—somewhere deep in that stubborn, independent head of yours, you know it." Her shoulders slumped, and I knew I had won. "I'm not having this conversation with you." "Fine—we'll discuss this another day." I held out her phone. "Text Sarah back and tell her you accepted another job." She grabbed her phone, punching the keys angrily, then tossed it on the counter, turning her back to me. I held back my smile at her kittenish temper. She absently rubbed a mark on her neck I had purposefully left. I could feel her gearing up for another argument, still smarting over giving in a moment ago. "You gave me a hickey." "Several actually. I like the taste of your skin." "People will see it." "I'm sure they will." "Staking your claim, Edward?" I laughed at her annoyed tone. "You can cover it up if you want. However, you are clearly marked. More so to some species than others, but marked nonetheless." "I thought you said your venom heals the wounds so they become invisible." "I did." "Then how exactly have you marked me, Edward? Did you sign your name somewhere so only other vampires can see?" Her voice was snarky in its displeasure. "Oh, kitten." I grinned darkly. "What an imagination you have. My signature, as you so elegantly phrase it, is invisible yet highly effective." "What are you talking about?" I pulled her to me, her futile resistance easy to break through. "I'm all over you, Bella. I've marked you with my scent. M y come is so deep inside your body, it will never fade. Your molecules are saturated with me. My scent is infused into your pores. Your hickey will fade, but my teeth marks are visible to another vampire. Any of my kind comes within a hundred feet of you and they will know you are taken. That you're mine. You never approach another vampire's mate without the threat of death." She shivered. "And what about some poor unsuspecting human?" I laughed without humor. "I can mark you in the traditional way if you like. You can wear my ring to show other humans you are taken. However, if one chooses to ignore that, God help him. I'll show no mercy." I tightened my arms. "No one touches you but me. You are mine. All mine ." Her eyes narrowed, and her frame stiffened. She was digging in for a fight—one she would lose, but felt she had to push anyway. "What if I wanted that human's attention?" My voice dropped to a dangerous low. "And why would you, Bella? Did I not satisfy you?" I rested my mouth against her ear. "Was coming four times on my cock not enough for you last night? Or the twice I brought you to ecstasy with my mouth not doing it for you?" I sucked in her lobe between my lips, rubbing my teeth lightly on the surface, not breaking the skin, but hard enough she whimpered. "You think a human could satisfy you more than I did? Could fuck you better?" "No," she breathed out, her body softening. "Do you want someone else?" I demanded. "No." "Yet you defy me. Push me." "I'm frightened." My anger drained away. "You have nothing to fear from me. I told you that. I only want you safe." "I worry I'll lose myself with you." I dropped my head to her neck, breathing her in. "I'll help you find yourself, Bella. Let go. Let me in, and stop fighting me. I have to take care of you. The vampire part of me needs it." "And the human part?" I didn't hesitate. "He is falling in love with you." "You're so…bossy. Some would say possessive." "I know. I can't change, Bella. This is me. I want all of you—mind, body and soul—but I promise I will make your life phenomenal. I'll be the one you can depend on. Always. Let me." I drew in a deep breath and uttered a word I rarely used. "Please." She met my gaze. A silent conversation passed between us—promises made and trust given. She laid her palm on my chest, leaned over and placed a kiss over my heart. "Okay." I smiled. Mine. So that is the first part. There will be more, at some point... again, please be patient. Thank you for reading. I hope you enjoyed my hybrid.