Charlie smiled, but his focus did not waver and Sue noticed. "We promised never to tell the pale-faces what they were." "Why?" "Because they're...not a good sort of creature." Charlie waited, so Sue continued. "The tribe's wolves, they're good. They are protectors. The sort of creatures the Cullens are...they're more like predators." Charlie felt a flash of fear, but he retained his composure. "What do you mean." "That's why a treaty was required when they decided to live here, because we are protectors and they are the ones we protect against. I can't reveal more, but I can say that the Cullens themselves are good ones. Most of their kind is bad, but their family is not. Every one of them does the opposite of what their evil counterparts do. If Bella had to become one of them, I'm glad it's with Edward. The Cullens are worthy of a truce between natural enemies, Charlie. Bella's going to be okay. I know she will." "Thank you, Sue. This is…a lot to take. Enemies and supernatural stuff. But she seems to be happy, and it helps that you vouch for the Cullens." Sue shrugged and gave him a look that said 'the Cullens aren't the point.' Sue stepped closer to Charlie, and before he knew it, she'd wrapped her arms around him and was squeezing him tight to her. It was not at all unpleasant. "I know it's hard to accept. When Seth and Leah turned, they were powerful and magical and I was still just an ordinary person. Now you're in the same boat." She rested her forehead against his chest, hugging him tighter now. He wrapped his arms around her and held her to him, enjoying the feel of her embrace. "I'm sorry I let you worry. I'm sorry I didn't tell you." Her voice was muffled against his chest. "It's okay. I understand." He stroked her hair back from her face as she looked up at him. Their eyes connected and held for a few moments. Their lips met before Charlie realized what he was doing and he was slightly horrified that he was kissing his dead friend's wife, but he liked to think Harry would be happy. Sue's lips felt so good, so soft, it would be a waste if she never kissed anyone again. And who better than Charlie? He checked her eyes for resistance and, finding none, went in for another, deeper kiss. This one really made his head spin—the taste of her, the feel of her body moving closer to his, her arms winding around his neck, her nails scratching at his nape. It sent a buzzing sensation through his whole body that he hadn't felt in a long while. "Is this wrong?" she asked when they broke, her voice breathless. "If it's wrong, I don't want to be right." After a brief pause, Sue burst into laughter. Her shoulders shook with her mirth. "You are so corny!" Their laughter melted into warm smiles, and again they kissed, and kissed, and kissed some more. Charlie was starting to hope she'd stay for a while longer, but she pulled back with a shy smile. "Well, I should be going." "You sure?" "I'll come back, just...not tonight." "Okay," Charlie said as she made her way to the door. He listened until her car drove away, then went upstairs to his bedroom, relishing the tension she'd built up in him and anticipating what he hoped was to come. CSCSCSCSCS "Morning, Chief. Thought you might like some donuts with your coffee." Sue placed a half dozen donuts on his desk. "Wow, thanks." He peered into the plastic window on the box. "Ooo, chocolate glaze, my favorite. How did you know?" "I didn't. That's my favorite and I hoped you wouldn't want them." Charlie chuckled. "Well, I'd love it if you helped me eat them." Sue took a seat while he got her a cup of coffee. When they were both settled, they dug into those donuts. As he ate, Charlie appraised the woman before him shoveling donuts into her mouth, oblivious to his attention, and she let out a delighted little moan after every few bites. It was part of what appealed to him about Sue. She was down to earth, didn't care about appearances (obviously, with the way she plowed through those donuts). He enjoyed her carefree attitude though, always had. She was also strong and driven. A widow too young, the mother of two supernatural people, a high-ranking council member of the tribe. And yet she held herself together, soldiered through the tough times and didn't let them beat her down. This woman understood the pressures of leadership just as he did, but she didn't let it rule her life. Instead, she embraced each moment, and lived to the fullest. That was what Charlie needed. He figured what the hell. He'd lived too long alone. His life needed rejuvenation, and who better to do that with than this beautiful woman who knew him so well. And those kisses they'd shared, they'd stoked a fire in him, and he knew she felt it too from the passionate way she kissed him back. It was a risk. She was his friend, and by going out on this limb, he might lose that friendship if she said no. But he was tired of playing it safe. He cleared his throat. "Um, Sue?" "Yeah?" she asked around a mouthful of chocolate fried dough. He scrubbed a hand over his stubble, knowing his nervousness showed, but he soldiered on anyway. "Would you maybe want to go see a movie with me?" She wiped her mouth with a napkin and smiled widely, revealing a small chocolate smudge on her front tooth. "You are too cute." He blushed and ducked his head. Looking back up at her, he found her gazing tenderly at him. "So, is that a yes or a no?" "Sure, Charlie. I'd like that." The End (or is it the beginning?)