of us is getting any younger." I blinked, then snickered. "I'll be sure to discuss that with your daughter." "Okay. Enough of this emo shit. I'm going to go get coffee. I'll tell them you're awake." He paused at the doorway. "And Edward?" "Yeah?" "You hurt her—I have enough sites and concrete, they'll never find your body." "I'm aware." "Good. Keep that in mind." He chuckled darkly, pulling the door open and walking out. Reaching for the glass, I took another sip, hoping when the doctor arrived he'd give me something for the pain. I smirked down at Bella. "I know you're awake, sweet girl. You're a pretty bad actress. No wonder he didn't buy it." "He does, you know," Bella mumbled into my chest. "He has access to a lot of concrete." "I'll remember that." I grinned and kissed the top of her head. "How much did you hear?" Her head tilted up. "Enough." I gazed down at her. "You scared the fuck out of me." She blinked, her eyes filling with tears. "It happened so fast. I knew I had to move, but my feet wouldn't go and then…you were there." "I had to get to you." "And you got hurt." "My head can take it. Some Tylenol would be good though. " "Edward," she admonished, half sitting up. "You have a concussion, stitches, your foot is broken, you have contusions all over your shoulders and back—it's way more serious than a headache!" I glanced down, realizing for the first time, my leg was encased in plaster. I already knew my head had stitches and I could feel every ache in my back. "How long was I out?" "Most of the day. You're going to have to be off work for a while." "Huh. Well, I guess it's a good thing I have you to look after me." "I will." "Then I'll be fine." "I was so terrified. The piece of equipment hit you, and you were knocked out, people were yelling and Charlie was there, the ambulance came." She shook her head. "I was crying and I refused to leave you—I kept trying to tell my dad why, but he finally grabbed my face and stared me, saying he knew, and understood. He told me to calm down and go with you so I could be looked at. He followed the ambulance and he's been here with me—with us—until now." "Sweet girl…"I breathed out. "He's been so strong, Edward," she continued. "I told him how much I love you—how you look after me and he's been…great once he stopped being annoyed. He was worried sick about you as well." "I'm fine." She sniffed. "We're both fine." "When can I get out of here?" "You just woke up, Edward. I'd say not for a couple days." "Ugh. I want to go home. I'd rest better there. Especially with you to look after me—at least once your arm heals." "It's just a sprain. It got pinned when you rolled us." "I'm sorry." "Edward, you saved me. You have nothing to be sorry for." I frowned at her. "I told you to wear protective equipment! I told you that over and again!" "I will next time." I snorted. "There won't be a next time. You're banned from all work sites in the future. Permanently banned." She got that stubborn look on her face I knew only too well. "No arguing. Your father agrees." "Great. Now I have the two of you ordering me around." "Get used to it." Her eyes began to dance. "What if I wanted to drop by for…another reason, Edward?" "Another reason?" "Like the other day?" I shifted slightly under the covers and chuckled. "I might bend the rules for that." "Yeah?" "You'd have to come directly to the trailer. No wandering about." She slipped her hand under the covers, slowly trailing her fingers down and cupping me. "No wandering at all?" I groaned. "Bella, a nurse or doctor could walk in any minute—never mind, God forbid, your father sees what you're doing. I'm not sure he will ever be ready for that. If you keep doing that, there is going to be smirking and winking…" "I like smirking and winking," she whispered. "I promise to show you lots of it when we get home and my head isn't about to explode." She withdrew her hand right away. "Sorry." "Don't ever be sorry." I nuzzled her head. "I love it when you touch me, but I think we need to wait until we get home." "Home?" "My house Bella—it becomes home when you're there. And I'd like it to be home all the time—for both of us." "Edward…" "We've wasted enough time. I want you with me. I want to make a home and a life with you." "I want that, too." "Marry me. Move in with me. Have babies with me." "In that order?" "In whatever order you want. Just do all of them with me. Please." Her smile was as bright as the midday sun. "Yes." I kissed her softly and leaned back into the pillows. "I want to celebrate, but I think the only thing I can manage is some pain killers and a nap." She sighed. "Life with an old man—guess I'd better get used to it." I chuckled. "I'll make it up to you." She slipped out of my embrace. "I'll go get the doctor." She paused at the door. "Edward?" she called in a soft lilt. "Hmm?" "Whenever you're ready, I'm happy to work on those grandkids." "Kids, as in more than one, Bella?" "Definitely." "I look forward to the smirking and winking. Lots of it." Her voice was tender. "I love you." That was all I needed. She was all I needed. "I love you, too." Thank you for reading. Many who read this in the contest asked to see more of these two. I am not marking it complete just yet. Be sure to add it to your alerts!