all my protests. All I had wanted to do was, go home and sleep. I felt that would be better than proving Alice right in that I was hurt more than I let on. In the end, I only pissed her off more at my attempt to lighten what I really felt and I fear it has been taking its toll on her. "She'll be fine," Edward said to Carlisle, "Alice is a tough girl." "I know that," Carlisle said and I felt the bed I was laying on shift and I grunted involuntarily when I flexed my torso muscles. "Jasper," Carlisle said. "What?" I groaned trying to get back to the state I was in before so that the pain would have a chance to deaden again. My eyes were still shut and I grimaced at the idea that now I would be forced to talk which hurt with each breath I took. "How is the pain?" Carlisle asked. "Delightful," I said sarcastically, "You should try it sometime." "I'll pass," he said, "But I would like to ask you…" "I don't need any," I cut in. I knew what he was asking me about and I didn't want the pain pills. If I didn't move it wasn't so bad. "Gawh," Edward sighed in exasperation and I opened my eyes to see him standing at the foot of my bed. He must have just tugged at his hair because it was still sticking up a little and his hand was falling down to his side slapping his thigh. "Jasper, it doesn't make you less of a man to take them. I know for a fact that you hurt like hell. Alice knows it too." I stared at him as he continued with his outburst, "Do you have any idea how freakin' scared she was when she saw you on the floor like you were?" "I can handle it," I defended. "Of course you can," Edward said and then sat down on my office chair that was at my desk on the opposite side of my bed. "But Jasper, I don't see you moving and you know that you will have to sometime." This was true. I grimaced hating the fact that he was right. I felt a knot form in my stomach at the knowledge of this. I could handle the pain if I didn't move but I needed to move. "So, what, you two are going to gang up on me now?" I asked. "No," Carlisle said, "We just want you to heal and have a better time doing it. Alcohol is not the way to go in this, son. I think your liver needs a break." I thought about what they said to me for a few minutes. They did have their points but I still had mine. I don't do pain killers. I haven't since… well, since my mom. Carlisle and Edward exchanged glances at each other and they started to get antsy from my silence. They normally would have gotten there answer right away and it would have been a flat out 'no' but this time… "Jasper when was your last drink?" Carlisle asked hopeful. "'Bout half hour before I… passed out," I mumbled. He seemed to do some calculations in his head before looking back at me hopeful. I rolled my eyes and sighed and the groaned from the pain of it. "Just do it already," I sighed, "You know you want to." "You're actually letting me?" Carlisle asked unable to hide his immense approval. I looked over at Edward, "Not less of a man right?" I confirmed. Edward snorted in laughter. "Not at all," he grinned. I nodded to Carlisle and he got up quickly to leave the room. I turned my head back to Edward. "He knows about the so called 'jumping'," I said. Edward sighed, "Yeah." "And Esme?" I asked. He shook his head. "Well," I sighed, "I guess it could be worse." Edward snorted, "Yeah, I suppose it could." Carlisle came back into my room and opened his medical bag. "I'm going to give you a head start and then we'll stay ahead of the pain with a milder pain med," he said as he filled a syringe with something from a bottle. He prepped my arm and gave it to me. My inner mind was cussing at me as I willingly took the medicine. "That should work fairly quick," he said before beginning to leave again, "I'll come back in a little bit to see how you are." "How long was I out for?" I asked Edward after Carlisle shut the door behind him. "Almost 4 hours," he said. "That long?" I asked incredulously. He nodded, "Alice will be happy you chose to let us help you. I know I am. You were making me out to seem like I was a wuss back when I had bruised my ribs." I couldn't help the chuckle that came out and the pain flared up again but this time it was deadened by whatever Carlisle had given me. I hated to admit it but I was glad I chose to do it. Not only because I knew that I'd need to get up soon to relieve myself but because I knew that Alice would want me to not be in so much pain. "Oh you're still a wuss," I joked, "I just really have to pee." Edward's snorted in laughter smirking. "Thanks," he said rolling his eyes. I half smiled, "Could you do me a favor and get Alice for me? I need to…" "Tell her you're sorry for scaring her to death?" Edward supplied. I grimaced and nodded. Edward rose from my desk chair, "Sure," he said and left the room and I laid there waiting for my Alice to come to me so I could tell her so much more than 'sorry'. A/N: Ok guys. I hope you liked it. Review and let me know how I did. Happy Holidays!