I was convinced that you didn't feel the same way I did. I convinced myself that I would be happy to just have your friendship but you took that away from me too. I wanted you in my life but you just faded away. You just disappeared. It was almost like you had never existed but you did, you do. You've always been in my heart. Every day I thought of you. Why did you cut me out?" "I had to, Edward. I couldn't drag you down. I wasn't worth it. I'm not worth it." I grabbed her by the shoulders and looked at her fiercely. "Don't you ever say anything like that again. You are worth everything. My life has been so empty. Even when I was married I never felt complete. I always felt like part of me was missing. That part was you Bella. Please don't push me away. I'm begging you. I can't be this close to you and not have a chance to be with you. I want to be what you need. I want to be here for you, to love and cherish you, to build a life with you. Will you give me that chance?" My heart was beating triple time as I waited for her answer. I could see the war in her eyes. She wanted to keep that wall between us because she thought she was protecting me but I wasn't going to let that happen. I wanted her in my life as my companion and hopefully as my wife someday. "Please," I whispered, "please." She sobbed loudly again as she threw her arms around my neck and clung close to me. "Okay," she whispered making my heart leap with joy. I kissed the top of her head and wrapped my arms so tightly around her. I spun us both around in a circle and felt joy swell up inside of me as Bella began to laugh. Nothing had ever sounded sweeter. I placed her feet back on the ground and pulled her back just a bit to be able to look at her angelic face. "Bella," I sighed as I caressed her cheek with my fingertips, "may I kiss you?" My only answer was a gasp and a nod. That was enough for me. I leaned in smiling as she closed her eyes. The feelings I had as my lips finally touched hers' for the first time were unexplainable. Our lips caressed each others' softly at first but soon our passion erupted and the kiss deepened. Bella lifted her arms to wrap around my neck and run her fingers through the hair at the nape of my neck driving me crazy. I crushed her body to mine tightly making her whimper and grasp my hair tightly in her hands. She was going to be the death of me. Much too soon we had to pull away to breathe and both of us smiled happily. "Well," she said, "that was some long wait for a first kiss." I laughed leaning over to place a quick kiss on her smiling lips. "But so worth it," I whispered against her lips. "Definitely worth it," she agreed as we kissed again. Finally! Finally, Bella was mine and I was hers. It had taken us too long to get here but it was worth the wait. I would have waited forever for her but thankfully I didn't have to. She was here now. No more wondering what might have been because now I was going to find out what was going to be. Two years later BPOV If you had told me I would find myself here in this life two years ago I would have probably punched you for being so cruel. I never thought I would have such happiness. Two years ago Edward, the one I had loved since I was a teenager, had come back into my life. I never would have believed that he had loved me like I loved him but it was true. That love had grown tenfold. Within three months of his reappearance in my life we were engaged. We didn't want to waste anymore time so we, with the help of Alice of course, planned a quick wedding. We had contemplated a trip to Vegas for our nuptials but we feared our friends and family would have our heads. Seeing Edward at the end of that aisle as my father led me to him was the best moment of my life until about three months ago. That's when our precious son Anthony Charles was born. He was the most beautiful creature I had ever beheld and I thought I would explode from my happiness. Edward had given me more than I ever thought I would have. He gave me his love and gave me a life filled with happiness. I was no longer lonely. He was mine and I was his and this was our time. I finally had what I had hoped to have for so long. I had finished school and had a great career as a teacher, I had a closer bond with my friends, I had the love of my life….both of them. I had never been so happy here with my sweet, sweet baby boy and the most amazing husband anyone could ever ask for. "I love you so much Bells. So much. You and my son are my life." "And I love you Edward. More than you'll ever know." "I think I have an idea," he said with a sweet smile. We were whole, we were complete, we were loved and I had never looked forward to the future more than I did at this moment. Thank you for reading! I sincerely hope you enjoyed it! I'm currently getting ready to work on a collaboration with CullenSweetheart so keep an eye out for that one! It's going to be awesome! It's got a Britishward. Nuff said! Thanks again! Until next time...