me a bit. A good fright now and then is good for the heart though. Don't you think?" They both laughed and shook their heads in agreement as they sat across from me. "I'm Alice," the dark haired girl said placing her hand over her heart. "And this is Rosalie," she said pointing to her friend. "Call me Rose though, I prefer it," the blonde said, smiling warmly at me. "It's nice to meet you both. I'm Isabella Swan, but please call me Bella." "Bella," Alice repeated quietly, "that's a great name." "Thanks Alice. So, are you both with that big group in the back?" "Yes, we are. We are headed to Sand Rock, New Mexico to be waitresses for a place called Harvey House. We are going to be Harvey Girls," she said literally bouncing in her seat. "You'll have to excuse Alice she gets a little too excited. It is pretty exciting though. It's a great establishment to be a part of. They bring their restaurants and waitresses into small, mostly uncivilized towns in hopes to help bring in some class and teach good manners," Rose explained. "That sounds nice." "So, where are you headed Bella?" Alice asked. "Oh, I'm on my way to Sand Rock also," I replied feeling the heat of a blush creeping up to my cheeks. "Look at her blush Alice! And what, pray tell, brings you on this journey to Sand Rock, Ms. Bella?" Rosalie asked, raising one of her eyebrows in curiosity. "Oh I, um, I'm going there to get married." They both squealed loudly getting the attention of everyone in the car and making me sink down in my seat from embarrassment. "Ladies, please be respectful of others in the car please," I heard someone scold. "Yes ma'am," they replied as the lady who had scolded them found her way to us. She was lovely as well, with caramel colored hair and soft brown eyes. She reminded me so much of my mother that I had to fight the tears from coming to my eyes. "Now, what brought on such excitement?" "Oh Esme! Meet our new friend, Bella Swan. She is on her way to New Mexico too. She's going there to get married. Isn't that exciting?" "Yes Alice, that is quite exciting. It's lovely to meet you Bella. My name is Esme Platt. I'm in charge of this giggling bunch of girls," she said as she giggled herself. "It's very nice to meet you Ms. Platt." "Oh please dear, call me Esme. I'm sure I'm not much older than you." "Okay, Esme," I replied as my stomach once again growled loudly embarrassing me in front of my new friends. "Oh dear, either you have a very sociable stomach who wishes to introduce itself as well or you are definitely hungry! Did you bring anything to eat with you?" Esme inquired. "I did but I'm afraid I didn't pack enough for the trip, silly me. I was just so excited that I didn't really think that part through. I'll be fine until we reach Sand Rock. We should only be a few hours away by now." "Nonsense, we may only be a few hours away but I will not let you starve. Alice, go grab the basket on my seat and bring it to me please." "Sure thing Esme." Alice quickly made her way to the seat Esme pointed out and was back in record time with a basket full of goodies. "Now dear, you take what you want and then you can tell us all about your young man," Esme said, winking at me. I wanted to protest once again but when the smell of food drifted to my nose, I couldn't stop myself. Once I had eaten enough to feed a small army, I began telling them all about Carlisle and the letters we had been writing to each other. They thought it was terribly romantic and demanded that I let them help with the wedding. I was happy to make such great friends. Not only would that mean that I would know others besides Carlisle in Sand Rock, but it also helped my journey quickly pass by as I enjoyed their company. Sooner than I imagined, the train slowed down. One of the train employees came through to announce that we were preparing to stop in Sand Rock and we all began to hastily gather our things. I had only brought a small bag to carry my everyday items with me and one trunk which held my wedding dress, a few other dresses for everyday use, a few of my favorite books, family keepsakes, the letters from Carlisle, of course, and a few other needed things. I slung the bag over my shoulder as I stepped out into the aisle toward the open door to get my trunk and begin the journey toward my future. I had no idea what life had in store for me outside that door but I faced it with the hope that it had to be better than the existence that I had endured for the past two years. One thing was for certain, once I stepped foot outside that door, my life would change forever and I was ready to welcome that change with my arms and heart open wide. New Chapter 1, COMPLETE!! I hope all of you enjoyed it. Please leave me a review and let me know if ya'll are still interested in reading this story. I will try to update at least once a week. Thank you all so much for your patience and I also want to thank all of you who had so many kind and encouraging words for me during my Grandfather's illness and death. It's been a hard time but the wonderful memories keep a smile on my face when I think of him. Take care everybody! Remember to review, they make me smile, well the nice ones do anyway, ha. Until next chapter…..