I decide I'd better stick with what I know for our first time together. "Eventually," I finally reply. "Good answer." I feel him grin against my neck before he moves to devour my mouth again. He moves to sit with his back against the couch, pulling me into his lap. I sit astride his thighs and wrap my arms around his shoulders, pressing our chests together and trapping our cocks between our bodies. I gyrate against him, and he grunts as I rain kisses across his flesh, everywhere I can reach. He reaches to the side table, and I hear a drawer open, some rustling, and the click of a cap. "Prepared much?" I tease. "Only hoping this would happen. I stashed lube and condoms all over the place, hoping you would want me one day." I respond with a searing kiss to his lips as he trails wet fingers down my crack. His index finger circles my hole lightly, and I shudder. He presses inside, and I sigh; I'd forgotten how good that feels. His finger glides in and out for a few strokes before he adds another, and I bear down on his hand, silently begging for him to touch my prostate, but he doesn't. When he adds a third finger, it burns, and I bite my lip. I feel a little flare up of panic. I've only had one cock inside me before, and it was an average size. Emmett is a big boy—I'm not sure I'll be able to fit him. My cock softens a bit, and Emmett notices. He takes me in his hand and strokes me firmly, taking the edge off the burning sensation. When my cock is back to the point of bursting and my hips bear down on his hand once more, he is satisfied that I'm prepared and removes his fingers to roll a condom on. I watch him do it, staring at his length and girth. Once the rubber is in place, he holds onto the base with one hand, massaging my hip with the other. "You drive this, Seth. Take your time, but don't take too much time, or you might kill me." He gives me the sexiest little smirk. I chuckle, grateful for him lightening the mood with humor, and also for caring about my comfort. My heart beats faster as we lock eyes, and I can see how much he cares reflected back at me. Slowly, I raise my hips and position myself over his shaft, which he holds steady at the base. I part my cheeks, and my stretched hole makes contact with his tip. I take a deep breath and sink down. I can't help whimpering as his flared head breaches the tight ring of muscle. The stretch burns a lot, and I pause to collect myself. I inch down further, going really slow until he is fully encased inside me. I sit on his lap for a minute until my body gets used to the intrusion. I feel more full than I ever thought I could. I focus on Emmett's labored breathing as he struggles to stay still, waiting until I say go. His hands grip my hips hard, and the hair on his balls tickle the sensitive flesh on the underside of my ass. Experimentally, I squeeze my inner muscles and Emmett shouts loudly, digging his nails into the skin of my hips. His head falls back against the back of the couch as he struggles to keep himself under control. His neck is exposed, and I pepper it with kisses, making him groan. Finally, I feel ready, and I swivel my hips a few times before lifting myself up and sitting back down, using Emmett's shoulders as my anchor. Emmett's cock glides against my insides, and a fire reignites within me. I start out slow, but gain speed quickly, trying out different angles until his cock brushed against my sweet spot. I cry out as pleasure jolts through me in waves, and I repeat the movement over and over, Emmett thrusting up into me and meeting me at every stroke. Our gazes meet, and our eyes don't waver, even as our movements get more frantic. There is a cacophony of sound, and I can't tell who is making what noise, nor do I care. I can feel my orgasm building at the base of my spine, and when Emmett takes hold of my erection, I'm done for. I shout expletives as my cock erupts on his chest. He doesn't stop jerking me until he's milked me dry. The spasms of my muscles clenching around his length draws out his own release, and his deep voice grunts and groans as I feel his cock jerk within me. All strength is gone and my limbs feel like jelly. I collapse on top of him and meld myself into the contours of his body, his arms holding me tight to him as we recover from our mutual high. I've almost caught my breath when something cold and wet presses into the sole of my foot, and I jump, turning my upper body to see what the hell touched me. I lock eyes with Xena, grinning her happy doggy grin, tongue flopping out the side of her mouth, tail slapping hard against the floor as she wags it. I scrub my face with my hand. "Shit, Xena!" Emmett laughs loudly. "She got quite a show. Didn't cha, girl?" I feel a blush blooming in my cheeks, and I turn to look at him. "Is it weird that I'm embarrassed that she saw us?" I ask sheepishly. His face turns serious. "Don't be. I think this is what she wanted all along. Her two favorite guys, together." Looking back at Xena—happy as a clam, the big, scary storm forgotten as she gazes at us—I can't agree more. A/N: Special thanks to remylebeauishot for the beta! Please leave a review - I'm curious how you liked this pairing!