she had created between herself and her old friends, bringing her new friends along with her. Seth was almost Emmett's twin in size and personality, so he fit right in, but Bella's girlfriends were suspicious of Jacob. When she called them on it, Alice and Rosalie explained that they could tell Jacob had feelings for her and they didn't want her to get hurt again. Jacob intuitively realized that Bella had been hurt and if he wanted a chance with her, he would have to proceed slowly. He spent quite a few months developing a friendship with her and Alice and Rosalie gradually accepted him and got to know him as a kind and caring man who they actually believed would be good for their friend. Jacob moved almost too slowly, and by the time he finally asked her out, Bella was afraid that they'd moved into the friend zone. She was excited to accept and her friends were all incredibly supportive. Their first date involved a short climb to a beautiful, secluded meadow where Jacob had set up a picnic with Bella's favorite foods. As their relationship progressed, he proved over and over that he was incredibly in tune with Bella's feelings. For Bella, it was very confusing at first, because the feelings she was developing for Jacob were completely different than the way her relationship with Edward had progressed. Her first love had been almost instant, like a fall off of a cliff, while this love was happening gradually like the descent of an airplane. Even though her feelings for Jacob were very different, they were no less genuine and she felt happier than she had in a very long time. Edward's time in Europe had been completely exhilarating. He'd run with the bulls, visited ancient ruins and enjoyed the company of some girls who totally fit the backpacker stereotype and some who broke the mold completely. He never once regretted his trip, but after a year, he realized that it had served its purpose and it was time for him to return home and see what he could do to put his life back together. He'd barely kept in touch with his family and friends, only a few postcards here and there. Edward was nervous about how his parents and sister would react to his return. He knew they were disappointed in the way he'd left, but ultimately they loved him and would realize that what he'd done had been what was best for him. It turned out he was right. Upon his return, his parents had both lectured him, but had welcomed him home with open arms and insisted he stay with them until he found a job. His sister had given him the cold shoulder for a few weeks. She'd lasted longer than she'd been able to when they were kids, but eventually she'd caved, punched him, then hugged him. Emmett had, as always, done exactly as his wife told him to do. Edward found that taking a year off after college for a European adventure wasn't a deterrent to the job hunt as he had feared, but was actually a talking point to bring up in interviews and sold a rather prestigious advertising firm on his outgoing personality. He found an apartment in the city and tried to pick up with his old friends after a year apart. It hurt that Jasper and Alice refused to acknowledge his return, but he understood their loyalty to Bella. He knew that his sister and Emmett were still in rather frequent contact with Bella, and he tried a few times to subtly pump them for information about her. His sister was just as silent on the subject as he would expect her to be, but Emmett was surprisingly stoic. With Emmett and Rosalie not talking, Edward had to turn to more distant acquaintances for news of Bella. Several of his college buddies had known Bella through him and also knew Seth, Jacob, Quill or Embry through the gym or various other activities. Edward felt the first true pain since his return when he learned she had a new boyfriend. Unable to stop himself, Edward visited the gym where Bella, Jacob and their group of friends climbed when weather prevented them from being outside. Seeing Bella make it to the top of the wall then turn to her friends, grinning, made his heart speed up. Watching her descend the wall and jump the last few feet into the waiting arms of a tall, muscular man with black hair made his heart stop and pain slice through him. The glowing expression on her face as she looked up at his replacement was the same look she'd given him once upon a time. Edward was shocked to realize that he hadn't really ever considered Bella in his desperate flight for freedom the year before. He'd loved her and it had hurt to leave her, but his frantic need to escape from the path his life was on had outweighed any pain he felt. He'd worked hard not to think about her while he was gone and somehow his mind had tricked him into believing that her life had paused when he left and she was just waiting for him to return and hit the play button. The knowledge that she had moved on and was happy without him was almost crushing. Returning to his new apartment, he dug through the top drawer of his dresser until he found a green scarf. He sniffed it and even after all this time it still smelled like her. Like a drive through autumn leaves or a midnight dance. Like a time when decisions hadn't been painful and every choice hadn't meant losing something important. Like the first real thing he'd ever known. Not sure if this story is complete or if it will continue to cover the song "I Almost Do." It feels like the characters have closure, but what do you think?