Her head fell back to my chest. "Shit." The door to the suite opened and Emmett strode in. He stopped dead as he looked at us, his eyes widening as he took in the disaster in front of him. "Edward—what the fuck are you doing? I told you to say no comment not tackle her!" I started to chuckle. Then it changed into laughter. I laid on the carpet in a strange hotel, pictures and notes of me scattered all around us, holding a woman I didn't know, both of us covered in sticky liquid, fruit and what I was sure was the remains of an egg salad sandwich. Chortling, I pulled a piece of melon out of Isabella's hair and threw it behind me. Then as if it was the most natural thing in the world, I ducked my head down and grazed her forehead with my lips, lingering for a moment against the soft skin. Her eyes were startled, and then a small smile played on her lips before she started laughing, as well. So far it was the best interview—ever. *()* "Let me call Rose, Edward. We'll reschedule—with someone else." I ran a towel through my hair. "No. I'm doing this and I am doing it with Isabella Swan." I paused. "In fact you can go. I'll meet you later." "What? Edward you're crazy! I think she's crazy! I'm not leaving you alone with her. God knows what will happen next. I mean, seriously, Edward, what the hell was that?" I chuckled remembering how Isabella had scrambled off my chest, her sharp little elbows digging into my ribs as she babbled, in a horrified voice, about: how sorry she was, that she'd been up all night, she hadn't eaten, she'd gotten here early, Alice had a baby girl, the ice tea was for me, she had never interviewed anyone like me before and she'd been watching my movies all morning to get to know me. All of this and more was rambled off as she had fussed over me, touching my hair with one hand while her other one rested on my chest. Her fingers had moved constantly as she blathered on, not seeming to notice that her hand was, in fact, on one of my very hard nipples and her own shirt was soaked and her pretty, lacy blue bra was showed through clearly. My eyes had bounced back and forth between her panicked, adorable expression and her chest that was literally pushed into my face as she moved back and forth over me, one hand continuing to remove fruit from my hair while the fingers of her other hand constantly rubbed and plucked at my nipple. And dammit, I liked it. About to snap, I had sat up abruptly so she was then straddling my lap, and I'd stifled a groan at the intense sensation. Without thinking, I had grabbed her face and kissed her—hard. I pulled back, staring into her now shocked eyes. "Enough." " You kissed me," she whispered aghast. " You've got your hands on my nipples," I hissed at her. "You keep playing with them!" She looked down to where both her hands were now splayed on my chest, her fingers still moving. I groaned in the back of my throat as her fingers tightened unconsciously in embarrassment, the tingle from my hard nipples rippling down my spine. Between us, my cock twitched and her eyes flew to mine before they closed in horror. " Oh, God," she whimpered, her head falling to my chest in despair. "I am so fucked. Rose is going to kill me." I chuckled, even as I wrapped my arms around her in a protective gesture. My hands of their own accord began stroking her back in long soothing strokes. "It's fine, Isabella." " Bella." " What?" She lifted up her head. "My friends call me Bella." My face broke out in a grin as I looked down at her. "Well, since you are so well-acquainted with my nipples now I guess that makes us friends—Bella." Once again she looked down to where her fingers were still clutching at my chest. Her eyes closed. "Kill me now, please." " What the fuck are the two of you still doing down there?" Emmett roared, startling both of us. I had forgotten he was even there. "Are you … groping each other?" I got the two of us up onto our feet and looked at Emmett. "Right. I need a shower. Em—you have something I can change into?" He nodded. I leaned over and handed Bella my hoodie I had removed earlier and which had survived the airborne food flinging. "You might, ah, want to clean up and put this on." Bella looked down, her face turning a bright red before grabbing my jacket and leaving the room—quickly. I watched her departure with a huge smile on my face. Em's voice brought me back to the present. "This isn't a good idea, Edward." I shook my head as I pulled on the plaid shirt. "I disagree. I know why I know her name. I've read her stuff, Emmett. She's good. She's really good. I want to do this interview. With her." His eyes narrowed. "Why did you kiss her in there?" "I have no idea. It just …. happened." "And the groping? What's going on Edward? You don't like being touched by a stranger!" I shrugged. "Again no idea. But I want to do this. So I am." A chuckle escaped my mouth. "Besides, I don't think we're exactly strangers anymore." He threw his hands up in the air with an exaggerated huff. "I think you've lost it. Don't say I didn't warn you." "I won't." Chapter 2 will post on Tuesday. Thanks to my prereaders and Mid-Night for their assistance. Lost without them, I would be. (Channeling Yoda it would seem) My 3 chapter Xmas fic, Belong to Me will begin to post on Sat Dec 14th.