to be strong. I stood a little taller so he knew I'd gotten the message. Beside him, my mother was already crying, dabbing at her eyes with a lace hanky. Time had been kind to them both, and they still projected love—for each other, and for those around them. They adored Bella, and from the day I came home and told them she was now my girlfriend, they had been nothing but supportive, helping us in any way they could. Across the aisle were Renee and Charlie. He still referred to me as his favorite guy, and Renee's cookies were as tasty as ever. Sitting with Charlie and asking him if it was okay to be more than friends with Bella had been the most nerve-wracking moment of my life. No matter how much he liked me, Bells was his daughter—he'd adopted her right away and she became Bella Swan—and he took his role as her father very seriously. " You gonna treat her right?" " Yes, sir." " I don't want her pressured, Edward." He looked at me knowingly. My eyes widened when his meaning sunk in. "Never, sir." The words burst out of me before I could stop them. "I think I love her, Uncle Charlie. I know I'm young, but I've loved her since the day you married Auntie Renee. I can't imagine my life without her." He leaned back, stroking his moustache, and then grinned. "Took you long enough." " I know." " Be good to her." " I will." " Good. I've retired my cape, but I'll bring it out if I have to." Because, yes, as it turned out, Charlie did have a cape—a red one. He let me try it on once, swearing me to secret. A true sign I was, indeed, his favorite guy. Renee smiled at me, and I returned her affectionate gesture easily. She was still my mother's best friend, one of my strongest allies and a constant source of needed input when it came to her daughter. She had dealt with our good times, our rare but ferocious arguments, and she'd been the one I'd gone to when I was worried about leaving Bella behind when I went to medical school. She had sat me down and told me how integral I was to Bella's life. By the time she'd listed all our shared experiences and the love she knew her daughter had for me, I'd realized how silly I was being. I blinked as Jasper nudged me in the ribs, and I realized the music was playing. I smiled at my best friend who had been part of my life almost as long as Bella. Emmett had joined our little circle when we were in high school, after moving to Forks. We'd all remained close and I was thrilled to have them standup with me. Rose drifted down the aisle, resplendent in her red dress. She winked at Emmett as she slipped by, patting my arm as she smiled. Alice followed her, again the red of her dress showing off her dark coloring well. Jasper beamed at his wife, and she giggled as she did a quick step to the right and dropped a kiss on his smiling mouth. I winked at her, loving her free spirit. She was Bella's best friend, but she was a loyal, fierce comrade to us all. The music changed, swelled, and Bella appeared in the door. Her delicate beauty made my breath catch in my throat. Her gown floated around her, her dark hair swept off her face, showing her long neck. The earrings I had left for her earlier glittered in her ears, the sapphires matching the combs I knew Renee and Charlie had given her in her hair. A small bouquet of roses and lilies were in her hand, matching the ones in my lapel. She walked the aisle alone, explaining she wanted this final journey to me just to be hers. Charlie met her at the front, kissing her cheek and clasping our hands together. Our gazes locked and never wavered. Tears glistened in both our eyes as sweet words of love and vows we would both cherish were exchanged. I spoke of my life with her and how she filled my every thought. Her voice quivered as she spoke of marrying her best friend—her hero—and I couldn't resist leaning closer to wipe away the lone tear that slipped down her cheek as she spoke and nuzzling the soft skin until the pastor cleared his throat. When I was able to take her in my arms and seal our union with a kiss, it was one of love, passion, and promises. Promises for a future together. Because that was how we were meant to be—together. With her tucked into my side, the pastor introduced us as Mr. and Mrs. Cullen. I grinned down at her, lifting her hand and bringing it to my lips for a lingering kiss. Then it happened. Emmett, Jasper, Rose, and Alice, in one synchronized move, kicked off their shoes and paired off, walking down the aisle as they laughed. My mother gasped into her hanky and then began to giggle as my father shook his head and grinned. Renee burst into laughter, and Charlie let out one of his deep guffaws. Looking down at the pile of heels and dress shoes I started to chuckle. With a cheeky wink, Bella's shoes flew past me, her height shrinking a good four inches. She quirked her eyebrow in challenge, and with a grin, I toed off my dress shoes, then bent over, lifting Bella into my arms and striding down the aisle, amid much applause. Even Isa was laughing in the corner. As with everything with Bella, it was perfect. I kissed my wife. "I love you, Petals. I love my life with you." Her head snuggled into my chest. "Forever, Edward." I hope you enjoyed reading as much as I enjoyed writing. Thank you again.