sucking my nipples hard. Other men have done this before, but I had never enjoyed it so much, especially with his scruff intensifying the sensation tenfold. I gasp and moan while he makes his descent to my sex, nipping my skin in the process. As he does so, his hardness is pressed between us, letting me know just how badly he wants me. Edward then spreads my thighs and wraps his hands around them, pulling me closer to him. Trembling in anticipation, I wait for him to make his next move, but it's not for long. Edward slips his tongue between my folds, running it along my sex until he makes his way upward. Once in direct contact with my clit, Edward begins flicking it with the tip of his tongue, causing me to cry out. A mixture of a moan and groan escapes Edward's throat, probably in appreciation of my reaction to his actions. I thrash and whimper, pushing his head closer to my sex, making him scrape my thighs with his beard. I am so consumed by what he's doing that I fail to notice he's slipped one of his hands from my thighs to my entrance. He then sucks my heated flesh into his mouth and pumps his fingers into me. That's all it takes to make me come undone. My body melts into the mattress as I clutch the sheets in my hands. I'm a panting and trembling mess, lost to the world as I drown in complete pleasure. Every nerve in my body is alive like an electric wire, and even though it's irrational, I want to experience it all over again almost immediately. Through my frenzied daze, I see Edward head to the side of the bed where his pants were discarded. He reaches into one of its pockets, retrieving a box of condoms before taking one out; his movements are quick as he tears the foil wrapper and sheaths himself with the contraceptive. Edward makes his way back to me and kisses me languidly as he lies between my legs, hovering above me once more. He aligns himself at my entrance and finally thrusts into me deeply and without warning. His hands make their way to mine, threading our fingers together before pinning them above me. Soft moans fall from my lips while his hips come into contact with mine. As Edward gauges my reactions, he gazes intently at me. A look of bewilderment takes over his face, causing him to still his movements momentarily. It's as if he can't believe that he's experiencing this moment, but as soon as he recovers, he begins pounding into me over and over. He slides his hands down my wrists to my arms, and finally, to my hips. Gripping them, Edward pulls me a bit higher for leverage. Like this, I can feel him deeper inside of me, reaching places that no one has before. It's as if my body were an instrument and only he knows how to play it correctly, which dumbfounds me for a second. Before I can get too overwhelmed with what that may mean, Edward is already pulling one of my legs to the side. "Let me know if this is too much," he pants. I just nod, too lost in the sensations coursing through me to speak. As if that weren't enough, Edward places my leg on his shoulder and grinds his hips against mine. Moaning loudly, I throw my head back in pleasure and clutch my sheets once again, trying to find something that will tether me to this world. Edward grunts as he grinds and thrusts into me over and over, but soon switches our position again by placing my other leg on his shoulder as well. Grasping my hips, he pulls me to him as he thrusts forward, creating the most delicious friction between us. I can tell that his body's now covered by a sheen of sweat given that I can feel it under my ankles and calves as they slide against him. It doesn't take much for me to come again, but this time my orgasm isn't as intense as before. Still, it must be enough for it to trigger Edward's own, because suddenly, he groans loudly and begins pumping into me with reckless abandon. "Is this what you wanted?" Edward grunts. "Is this what you were looking for when you approached me at the bar?" "Yes," I gasp. "Did you imagine it could be this great?" I shake my head. "No." "Good," he says in a cocky tone. "That's what you get for underestimating me." I'm about to argue that he's wrong, but at that moment, Edward grips me tighter and increases the vigor of his movements before ceasing altogether as he comes. "Fuck," he exhales, removing my legs from his shoulders while pulling out of me as he does so. Edward then takes a minute to gather his wits before standing to discard his used condom. Meanwhile, I lay on the bed with my eyes closed, trying to catch my breath. I am nothing more than a smiling fool whose limbs have been turned into mush. As I think of that, a chuckle escapes me. "Are you laughing at me?" Edward asks as he returns to the bed and lies next to me. "Was I that lousy in the sack?" I shake my head and open my eyes. "Nope, not at all. And just so you know, I didn't underestimate you before," I say. "I knew you'd be great in bed, but you probably exceed anyone's expectations." He laughs, turning to look at me."Oh, Bella, you truly know how to boost a man's ego." "Thank you," I tease. "I do aim to please." " Really?" He raises a brow at me. "Show me." And I do just that for the next hour or so, proving to Edward that I can give just as good as I get. Thank you so much for reading!