life, baby. You did that. I can be an accountant anywhere. But I can only be Edward with you." "You'd do that—give up everything?" Give up everything . I thought of my life and what I would "give up." I worked a lot. I had the occasional beer with the guys at work. Maybe a football or hockey game on the weekend. I saw Jasper and Alice when their busy schedules permitted, but always feeling like the extra man out, no matter how they tried to include me. I spent the majority of my time alone. Until she entered my life I hadn't realized how lonely I really was. I would give up nothing and I would have her. "I have it all planned. I'm going to go back to Chicago, quit my job and move here—I've been unhappy lately and a small town sounds good. I'm going to meet this sexy little waitress and fall in love and we're going to build a life together. No one will know any different." I tightened my grip on her face. "I'm not giving anything up, Bella. I'm gaining everything with you." "If—" I shook my head. "If something happens, we go together. Esme seems to feel the danger has passed. We'll take it one step at a time. Together. With Esme watching and me beside you; you're safe. I'll protect you." "I can't believe this is real." "It is. You're not alone anymore, Bella. Neither of us are." Tears poured down her face, and my own cheeks were damp. "I love you, Edward." "I love you." My mouth covered hers in the sweetest of kisses. One of welcome, of promises for the future. Our future. ~o0o~ The next day, I walked her to the restaurant, planning on leaving her there and going to do some errands. She still loved to walk, and today my step was much lighter with her tucked into my side. We had talked more, cried more and finally exhausted, collapsed together in bed, holding each other all night, both of us feeling content when we woke up wrapped together tight. It was exactly how I wanted to wake up the rest of my life. Once at the door, I leaned down and kissed her tenderly. "I'll be back to pick you up at eight. Right?" She nodded; her eyes anxious and her teeth buried in her bottom lip. "I'll be here." "Okay." She disappeared through the door and I turned to leave, but I only made it a few steps before the tugging in my chest got too much. I felt the fluttering of panic simply at the thought of walking away from her, even though I knew I'd see her in a few hours. I hesitated and then gave in and turned around. With a heavy sigh, I pushed open the door and found her right inside. One look at her face and I knew she was feeling the same panic as me. I pulled her into my arms and nuzzled her hair. "I think I need coffee and to sit here for a while." "Yeah," she breathed. "Maybe some pie?" "Definitely pie." "Okay," she smiled. I winked at her, feeling better. "Okay, Annabella ." After a little while, I was able to leave her. I stayed busy, finding my way around the small town and gathering everything I needed. When I arrived to pick her up, she was by the window, watching for me. I smiled in understanding. It would be a long time before we were comfortable being apart from one another. We walked home in the dark, looking around at the Christmas lights. She gasped softly when her little house came into view. I had added some lights around the door, and some evergreens underneath the windows, making it look festive. Inside, she exclaimed in delight at the little spruce tree I'd bought, and we decorated it together. She cried again when I handed her the ornament I remembered to bring with me and together we hung it on the tree. She smiled and laughed over the big sprigs of mistletoe I had hung in all the doorways. I used every excuse I could think of to catch her under them all night and kiss her. I never wanted to stop kissing her. We brought the Christmas ball wreath inside and hung it over the mantle again. Bella admitted she hung it on the door after sending me the forks, hoping I would come to town and look for her. She knew I would know that wreath anywhere, and if I made it to town, I would hunt for her and know I'd found her when I saw our wreath. But now it was inside, a memory of our first Christmas. The start of our life together. I sat on the sofa, my arm around her, staring at the little tree we decorated, the lights glinting off our beautiful wreath, reflecting on how different I felt compared to a week ago. I had been dreading this holiday season, the memories of the happy one shared with her last year too fresh. I was unhappy, empty, and alone. Now I was reunited with her. No longer alone or empty. The love I had for her—that we had for each other—filled up all the emptiness and circled around us like a living, breathing thing. With her I was home. I nuzzled her hair and breathed her in. "I only have tomorrow to do my shopping, Bella. What do you want for Christmas?" She looked up, a contented smile on her face. "I already got the best gift. I got you." "We got each other." "Then there isn't anything more I need." I captured her lips with mine, kissing her deeply. She was right. It was the best gift of them all. "Merry Christmas, baby." She snuggled closer. "Merry Christmas, Edward." Thanks for reading - either here or on the contest. Merry Christmas to you all.