but I have a feeling he wouldn't willingly give up information to Aro... he despises him more". Alice nodded, as Carlisle continued, his voice steady. "He has used Mila to literally hypnotise Reuben, I have heard of that gift before... similar to yours Jasper, in that she can emit calmness but not exactly the same, for she is unable to sense emotions, merely project calm in a hypnotic way" Rosalie shook her head, "Why bother with this Mila when he could just use Jane? Surely she could inflict so much pain on Reuben he'd start talking, and probably a lot sooner?" Carlisle shrugged, "As I said before, we will never understand Aro but believe me, there will be a reason behind everything". "Will this Mila be able to project pain too?" I asked, as Carlisle shook his head. "No, just calm... a more passive gift but a gift that Aro wants to harness none the less". The general mood seemed to drop to one of contemplation. Suddenly remembering the letter my voice almost broke, "He won't harm Charlie will he?" Carlisle shook his head once more. "No, of that I can be certain. It seems Aro doesn't want to... give cause to anger you in any way Bella" "Cause he wants her" Emmet interrupted, as Alice growled. "Tact, Emmet" Rosalie whispered under her breath even though everyone in the room could hear her words crystal clear. "He had better stay away" Alice growled again, as she turned once more and held me close. I smiled into the hair on the top of her head, as I spoke calmly. "Charlie won't tell anyone". The room nodded. Charlie knew everything, though his knowledge on the Volturi was nonexistent. And it would stay that way. "And I have no intention of breaking my friendship with Jake either" I continued as Alice nodded, "Me neither" she agreed. I smiled again as the occupants of the room once more nodded in agreement. Two months had passed and during that time Jake had practically lived at the Cullen's. Initially this had caused a little resentment from Rosalie but even she seemed to have... calmed... where Jake was concerned although her misgivings about his smell were always voiced, and loudly. The banter between Jake and Emmet had also continued, and even though neither would freely admit it they had become the best of friends. Esme had welcomed Jake into the family with a smile, since Antara and Edward had seemingly developed feelings for each other they had started to spend more time away and I knew Esme missed them. Having Jake brought a smile to her face; she genuinely loved her family especially when everyone was together. Even Leah had started to come round a few times, hesitantly at first with Jake and lately on her own, always favoring Jasper. Since that afternoon all those months ago when he explained and demonstrated armed combat, Leah had taken an avid interest, asking quietly if he could tell her more. Alice and I had taken to teasing him a little each time she appeared, for it was obvious she had developed a crush on him and after speaking privately together both Alice and I suspected the feeling may very well be mutual for each time she did appear he would literally stop whatever he was doing to talk to her, his smile wide. "Let's do something". Emmet's voice interrupted my musings. "Anything, to forget this dude". Carlisle smiled, "It is a good idea, entertain yourselves while I go and show this to Esme" and with that he was gone. Rosalie rolled her eyes. "I am not, repeat, NOT playing computer games with you". Emmet smiled. "I don't want to play computer games... I thought we could... well Rose, you don't have to... but I thought I could... maybe go for a spin on the bike?" Rosalie laughed and shook her head, "No, but now you mention it, I could go for a spin..." Emmet groaned. "Rose, play fair... let me ride... we can go together..." Rosalie shook her head again, moving a long pale finger from side to side, "You ride with me, or not at all" she replied as Emmet groaned. Alice smiled, "Emmet... think about it... sitting behind the girl you love, holding her body into yours... I'd happily sit behind Bella..." Now I smiled as Emmet's face almost scrunched, a sure sign he was thinking. "Mm" he murmured, now smiling. "I kinda like the idea of that". Alice winked at him; "I thought you might" as Rosalie placed her thumb and forefinger on Emmet's chin. "We can always stop somewhere..." her voice trailed as Emmet's face scrunched again before realization hit him, and hard. "Hell YES" he responded, grabbing her hand pulling her towards the door, "Come ON" he bellowed as Alice, Jasper and I laughed. "Think that was a yes?" Rosalie questioned, her eyes sparkling. "It was a hell yes" Jasper drawled, as he glanced at the clock on the kitchen wall. "Need to be somewhere?" I asked casually as Jasper nodded. "Somewhere near Leah?" Alice asked sweetly, as Jasper nodded again, this time with a smile on his face. "Yes, ma'am" he replied, following Rosalie and Emmet. Alice grinned and turned to face me, "and then there were two". I placed my hands on her cheeks, warm in my hand. Before I had turned her skin had been so cold, but now... now it was flaming, and it made me flame deep inside... deep inside and down below. "What can we do?" I asked with a raised eyebrow, as Alice slowly stuck out her pink tongue and rubbed it slowly across her bottom lip again like she had done earlier. "Oh, I can think of a few things..." She sauntered over to me and whispered in my ear, pulling at my hand. Now I smiled. "Oh hell YES" I mimicked Emmet's earlier response as she pulled me out of the kitchen towards our bedroom...