at Starbucks across the street, so I crossed, glaring at him while I ordered a double espresso. Leaning against the brick wall facing my car, I waited for him outside with a smoke while he finished up his conversation with the blonde sharing the table with him. As he approached my car, I paused, staring disapprovingly at the cup in his hand. Without saying a word he tossed it in the trash. When I pulled away from the curb, he asked, "You have papers?" I nodded toward the glove compartment, where he pulled out the package of rolling papers and began to empty the contents of a zip lock into the waiting sheet. "You okay, bro?" he asked. I nodded, still highly agitated. My brothers, Jasper and Emmett, were the only people who really knew me. My parents got the G-rated version of Edward Cullen, and as far as I was concerned, my mom was the only woman I could trust. I hated feeling like that, but I had no choice on the matter really. Once we got into the town of Forks, Port Angeles a distant memory, I had calmed down and all but forgot about the shit therapy session that I may or may not have overreacted to. We were idling at a red light, while my gaze focused on a cute little brunette walking down the street. She had a great ass. Jasper noticed her too, though neither of us said anything. She had her head down distracted, her eyes focused intently on her phone when I noticed she was about to walk off the curb right into a huge piece of wood hanging out of the back of a beat up old red pickup truck. "She's gonna walk right into the board," I said flatly. "Yeah?" he countered. "Fifty says she'll pick her head up at the last minute." My instinct was to honk the horn to startle her into looking up, but I didn't want her or anyone else for that matter, thinking I was honking at her because she was cute. A sexual harassment accusation was all I needed. "OOOOHHH!" We yelled simultaneously as she cracked the bridge of her nose right into the wood, causing her to literally stager back a few feet. Her phone dropped from her hands, the battery cover popping off onto the sidewalk. "All beauty, no brains," I commented flatly. "It's a shame," he said, laughing, as he dug in his pocket for the bills. "It's a good thing for her that she has a great ass." "No, I think it's a good thing for us." Once we got home, we smoked the joint out back, ate a late dinner with Mom, and then I headed upstairs to bed. I noticed the rain had stopped. I pulled a cigarette out of the pack, walking out onto the wraparound balcony that joined the upstairs bedrooms. I took a deep drag, savoring the delicious rush of light-headedness and exhaled out, the damp air exacerbating the cloud of smoke. The weed from earlier had just about worn off and I was tired as hell. I liked to take a few minutes at night outside, under the overhang of the roof to just enjoy the solitude. Someone was always talking, and it was rare that I was able to get a silent moment inside my own head. I slid down the brick façade, drawing my knees up to my face, resting my elbows on them. For the first time in almost a year that I had lived in this house, I noticed a light in the upstairs window of the house down the block. Must be New Girl's room. I could faintly see her image beyond the window, featureless with dark hair in a bun. She gazed out the window for a while and then she disappeared back into the room. As I snuffed out the butt on the wooden balcony, I noticed her appear in the window again. I gasped and smirked as I realized she was standing there in just her bra and panties, her female curves soft and subtle through the sheer curtain. Oh, please take it off. Please. Come on…be a good new neighbor. I bit my lip, shamelessly willing her to undress while I debated on grabbing Jazz and Emmett to join me in the show. Jasper would love this. Slowly, as if I was stuck in a dream, she took off her bra, quickly slipping a shirt over her torso. I couldn't really make out any detail, but from what I could see, she had a great set. I decided not to intrude on this girl's privacy any longer than was necessary out of respect for Charlie Swan, who had been nothing but kind to my family. Besides, the last person's shit list I wanted to be on was the town's Chief of police, retired or not. I waited just a few more minutes before I retreated into the house, clicking off the lights, and having my way with the new girl before we had even been properly introduced. ### With the exception of the first chapter, which I have left up for my own personal reasons, and to keep the reviews intact until I figure out a way to preserve them, (Because I honestly do love and appreciate every single word you've written ) High Anxiety is gone. For now, anyway. I have chosen to do this because the explicit subject matter. It's a dirty, filthy story with foul language, and self-love and all the depraved things. Because the PDF is requested so often, I do have the intention of reworking this slightly, (Cleaning it up for grammar issues, toning down the overly explicit nature of the story, cutting the massively ridiculous word count) and then putting it back up on the site here. I don't know exactly when that will happen. I HAVE NO PLANS TO PUBLISH ANY OF MY FANFICTION STORIES. Thanks for reading.