Her eyes widened as she took in the contents. "Is that chocolate? Grinning, I reached over and picked up a piece of angel food cake and dipped it in the warm liquid. Slowly, I raised it to her lips. "Open up," I whispered. I placed the morsel in her warm mouth and stifled a groan as her lips closed around my fingers. I felt her tongue softly flick against the tips as she removed all traces of the chocolate from my skin. Her eyes closed and a soft moan escaped her lips after I withdrew my fingers, the skin tingling where her tongue had touched them. I stood in front of her, immobilized, watching her. Her tongue peeked out, licking her lips. "I was wrong, Edward." Her voice was husky. "Wrong?" "Your chicken isn't the best thing I've ever tasted." I blinked. "You like the chocolate?" "Not just the chocolate. "The angel food cake?" She shook her head as color flooded her cheeks again. She leaned closer. "You, Edward. I like how you taste. It's…heavenly." There was no thought. Just reaction. One second I was standing in front of her, the next I had her crushed up against me, my lips on hers, my tongue deep in her warm, delectable mouth. My hands pressed her against me tightly, as I explored her sweetness. I vaguely registered the flavor of the chocolate, but I found her own essence far more appealing. I couldn't get close enough to her as our tongues met and danced together, stroking, caressing, never ceasing their movements. I felt her arms wind around my neck and I groaned as her hands found their way into my hair, softly pulling and teasing me. Regretfully, I pulled away, my breathing coming out in short gasps as I rested my forehead against hers. "I've wanted to do that for so long," I confessed quietly. "I've wanted you to." She gently touched my face. I pulled her closer. "Are you done with me?" her voice asked quietly. I pulled back in shock. "No!" I cupped her face in my hands. "I have enjoyed every second of our experiments, Bella. But, I ceased to care if you ever got past your love for…that." I indicated the bag sitting beside us. "All I wanted was more time with you." My voice lowered. "To get to know you. To be able to do this…" My mouth closed on hers once again and for several moments the world outside the softness of her lips ceased to exist. She pulled back and looked at me, her chest moving rapidly, her lips swollen. "I'm never going to be like you, Edward. I don't think I'll ever love food the way you do." I shook my head. "I don't need you to be. I am thrilled you understand it a little more now, though. And, that maybe I can help you keep moving forward." I drew in a deep breath. "And that maybe you'd still see me…for me. I want to get to know all about you Bella, and for you to know me. But I want to still cook for you…and take care of you that way? If you'd let me?" Her eyes widened. "I'd like that." She smiled shyly. "I don't think I can go back to eating that." She pointed at the McDonald's leftovers. Grinning, I swept the contents from the bag into the garbage bin that was sitting beside us. "Then my work is done." She smiled sweetly. "I love watching you cook, you know. And I love how passionate you are about it." Beaming, I leaned forward. "I'd be happy to show you something else I'm passionate about," I murmured against her lips. I wasn't expecting the sharp tug as she wrapped her arms back around me and I stumbled forward, bracing my hands on the countertop, only to knock one into the bowl of melted chocolate. I gasped and stood back, watching the chocolate drip from my fingers. I heard a small whimper and my eyes flew to Bella who was watching me with hooded eyes, her teeth pressing down into her bottom lip. Holding her gaze, slowly I raised my hand to my mouth and licked the chocolate off one finger. Another whimper escaped her lips. "I suppose I should go and wash this off," I grinned playfully. Bella's head shook furiously. "No." "No?" I whispered, my voice raspy. "What should I do then, Bella? How will I ever get it cleaned off?" Her hand moved and wrapped around my wrist, bringing the chocolate covered skin close to her face. She grinned up at me and I watched as her tongue came out and licked its way across my palm, swirling and teasing as she gathered up the sweet goodness. I hissed as she moved onto the fingers, my other hand closing over the top of her leg as she worked her tongue on my skin. "Bella," I warned softly. She drew back. "Rich, dark and molten, Edward. Not like any chocolate I've tasted before." I groaned, even as I smiled at her description. I saw her hand move and then her finger lifted, dripping with the dark, sweet liquid. Slowly, she rubbed it on her lips as she leaned forward, her voice low and pleading. "The rule, Edward. Remember the rule. We share... everything. You have to taste this," she paused. "It's amazing. The chef who made it is amazing." I leaned forward and tenderly stroked her lips with my tongue, enjoying the bittersweet of the chocolate mixed with the velvet of her lips. Her soft moan spurred me on and I covered her mouth with mine, kissing her deeply. She was right. It was amazing. Her, her mouth, her rule, her adorable ways. They were all amazing. And now…they were part of my life. The perfect missing ingredient. Loved writing these two! Bella's love and Chefward's aversion to McDonalds made me chuckle. Thanks for reading! Happy Holidays to all!