head. "No, I told him you were late due to an appointment, which I had authorized." She drew in a breath. "You should know, he's pretty demanding, Bella. We drew straws to see who got him and since you were late, I drew yours…you lost." "Oh, God, is he that bad?" "He's…confidant. Aloof. Exact. Talented. From what I understand, he speaks his mind, and he likes things his way. He arrived early to make sure his office was set up for Monday." "Great," I sighed and stood up. "I guess I'd better go and introduce myself." I straightened my shoulders. "See if I can help him set things up. Which office?" "Ten-twenty." "His name?" "Edward Cullen." "All right. Thanks for covering for me, Lauren. I owe you." ~o0o~ I approached the office, feeling nervous. I had stopped to grab a notebook and pen so I could make any necessary notes for Mr. Cullen. I vaguely remember hearing his name but hadn't been paying much attention since I hadn't expected to be pulled from the pool so fast. I'd only been here for just over a year and in the pool for six months since graduating from school—my choice of an English Lit degree not panning out so well in the job market. I had stumbled into a part-time gig at the advertising agency, which turned into a full-time job, and now if I could prove myself, I could become a PA. They paid well here, the hours were pretty steady and I would have time to write, which was my dream. I had to hope the ultra-aloof, talented, and exact Mr. Cullen liked me. I was organized, a fast learner, I didn't gossip or waste time, and I could make a mean latte. Surely, I could win him over. I knocked softly, waiting for the gruff shout of "In!" before opening the door. Various boxes were scattered around, and I could hear muffled thumps from the private en suite each executive office had. "Be right out!" a deep voice called. I glanced around the office, my gaze landing on some framed posters stacked against the wall. I wandered over, recognizing the various advertising campaigns. Realizing they must be Mr. Cullen's work, I bent over to flip through the stack. He was talented—the concepts and visualizations were sharp, crisp, and catchy. The bottom ones were different—not advertising, but instead, action shots of a basketball player. My hands began to shake, my heart rate picking up as I stared at the last photo, hoping my eyes were playing a trick on me. A player—tall, lean, with legs that went on for miles, was caught, mid-air, his muscles stretching, a look of pure determination on his face as he slam-dunked the ball into the net. Every muscle and sinew was flexed and hard, his hair—his wild bronze hair—exploded in a fiery halo around his head, and his eyes were a burning green in his fierce expression. I knew that hair. Recognised those eyes. I prayed it was because Mr. Cullen was a basketball fan and he liked this particular player—who happened to be in town. Riding the bus. Not because… "Well, well. A different skirt, but I'd recognize that perky little ass anywhere." I spun around, horrified. The bench-dweller was leaning against the doorframe, looking every bit as arrogant and sexy as he had earlier. He sported a sardonic smile with one eyebrow arched as he studied me. "Isabella Swan, I presume?" "Mr. Cullen?" I whispered, praying this was all a mix-up. That he was a player visiting Mr. Cullen and not the Mr. Cullen. He couldn't be standing here. This couldn't be happening. "As I live and breathe. My little zipper-tugger. Who would have expected that?" My face flushed, hot and red. He pushed off the door, his long legs eating up the distance quickly, stopping before me. He ran his finger over his full bottom lip. "Isn't this …interesting ." We stared at each other in silence. Once again, I had the greatest desire to run. But, this time, I had nowhere to run. His facial expression was inscrutable, his finger tapping his chin rhythmically. His silence made me even more nervous, but before I could react, he held out his hand. "Allow me to introduce myself. Formally. Edward Cullen." I placed my shaking hand in his, shocked at the rush of warmth that ran though me as his large palm enfolded over mine. "Isabella Swan." He stared down at our clasped hands then back at my face. Again, his silence un-nerved me, and I blurted out the first thing that came to mind. "My friends call me Bella." His eyebrows rose. "But you can call me Isabella…if you prefer." The wickedest smile crossed his face, his eyes crinkling with mirth. He leaned down, his voice low, his scent washing over me. "Since we're already…friendly… Bella it is." I felt my blush practically explode upward from my torso, my skin tingling with the heat. A small gasp escaped my mouth and I pulled my hand back, holding it tight to my chest. His green eyes darkened, and he stepped back, holding up his hands. "You. Wait here." He pointed his finger to the floor. " Right here . Don't leave this office. Do you understand?" "Ah, I was going to make you coffee?" "No. Not until I get this settled." "Settled?" "Can you stay here? Or will you run as soon as my back is turned?" "I'll stay." "Good." He hurried to the door, glancing over his shoulder and shaking his head. "This is most inconvenient." Then he was gone, the door shutting firmly behind him. I leaned against the desk, my breathing uneven. Could this day get any more bizarre? And, what was that all about? Thanks to Sally for her beta help for this story! The first two chapters were part of a compiliation last year, in case it sounds familiar. Thank you for reading. See you mid week.