the local bookstore. I'll have enough to go to school in the fall next year. I'll still have to work and live in the dorm, but I'll be able to do it." "That's great." I squeezed her hand softly. I had a feeling she could do anything she put her mind to. The door opened and an older woman walked in. She stared briefly at Bella and me, before nodding and heading into the back. It was then I realized how close we were. Our chairs were pulled together, shoulders touching. Our hands were entwined on the table top and as we talked our heads had drifted closer together, almost touching. It was as if we were wrapped in a bubble of our own, quietly sharing our lives with each other. I had never experienced this sense of closeness with another person; or this sense of wanting to be even closer. "My shift relief is here," she told me. "That's Jessica." "Does she work every night?" I couldn't imagine getting up in the middle of the night all the time. Bella grinned mischievously, and leaned forward, her voice quiet. "Yes. Rumor has it she likes how Jared, um, runs the kitchen," she winked, "if you know what I mean. Worth getting out of bed for, I hear." Then she giggled and I chuckled with her. "What about you Bella? Do you like his kitchen skills? " I teased her, even though inside I was feeling a strange tightening of my stomach as I waited for her answer. She leaned back in her chair. "Nope. He's always too hot—working by the stove." She quirked her eyebrows, making her look adorable. "I prefer cold hands and feet. Gives me something to warm up while cuddling." I laughed at her cheeky remarks. She was quite adorable. My smile grew wider as she yawned; trying to cover the fact she was doing so by turning her head. My smile faded. It was time to say goodbye to her. I stood up. "You must be tired and it's time for you to go home. I need to find a ride into town." Her hand reached out, grabbing mine, and pulling me back into my chair. "I'll take you." "You don't have to—" I hesitated, but I really wanted a little more time with her. "Don't be silly. I'm going in to town anyway." "Yeah?" She nodded. "I, ah, just have to do a few things." I released her hand regretfully. "Take your time." I grinned, pleased at the offer. "I'm not going anywhere." She disappeared into the kitchen, my eyes following her movements, my head echoing with one small phrase, I couldn't understand. " Not without you." *()* "This is what you drive?" I gaped at the monster truck sitting in the last spot in the parking lot. "Can you see over the dashboard?" Bella chuckled. "Yes. It was the one thing that came with us, everywhere we went. And one of the few things I have left of my parents'. It's an old friend." "Is it safe?" Old friend or not, it looked like it was being held together with the rust on it. She snorted. "Get in, fraidy cat." I climbed in and in a few seconds, Bella had the engine cranked up and the heater going. "It just takes a few minutes to warm up." "Okay." Our eyes met and held in the dim light coming from the dashboard. The cab got warm. Very warm. I swallowed nervously. Bella's bright eyes reflected the light as she stared at me, her gaze unsure. Slowly I lifted my hand, my fingers grazing her cheek. "You've been so kind to me all night, Bella. More than you know." "I just helped you warm up," she whispered, searching my eyes with her own. "Yes, you did that. But, you talked to me and listened. You cared for me. That is so … special. I can't thank you enough." "You're … welcome." Bravely, I slid closer, reaching over to stroke her soft cheek again. "You truly are like an angel to me." "I've never been an angel to anyone." I drew in a deep breath, my fingers slipping into her hair. "Well, you're mine. My Angel." Her eyes widened. And then my mouth was on hers. Warm, sweet, soft. Her arms wound around my neck. Her hands clutched the back of my hair. When I slipped my tongue inside her mouth the sound she made was erotic. I pulled her closer, my tongue stroking hers softly. My hands cupped the back of her head holding her close to my face. I never wanted to stop kissing her. It was only the bright lights of a car pulling in and reflecting in the rear view mirror that had us pulling apart, panting. My finger traced her bottom lip. "Should I apologize?" "No." "Can I do that again?" "Yes," she breathed. "Thank God," I whispered against her lips. *()* I had no idea how long I kissed her. I didn't know how I even got brave enough to kiss her in the first place, but now that I had, I didn't want to stop. Finally though, she broke away, her breath warm on my cheek as she curled against my shoulder. I held her against me, enjoying the closeness. "Edward?" Her voice was muffled against my chest. I kissed her head. I liked how my name sounded on her lips. "Hmm?" "Will you … will you come home with me?" I tilted her chin up and studied her open gaze. No one had ever looked at me with so much emotion before. It was overwhelming. " God, Bella, I want to. I want to so much. Are you sure?" "Yes." I drew in a deep breath and kissed her again. "Take me there, then." I would so take this slightly shy, sweet Edward home as well and make sure he was warm ... just saying. Next chapter mid week.