He sounded a little concerned. "I got some things to take care of. I'll be fine. I left my cell at home, though. So if I don't pick up, don't call in the feds, okay?" "Okay, Bells. Thanks for lettin' me know. You'll be home before I get home, right? In the mornin'?" "Oh, yeah, Dad. Totally." She looked up when she heard Paul chuckle again. She couldn't believe she'd just said, totally. But now she was pissed off at this Paul character again. "Okay, Bella. I'll see you in the mornin'. Thanks for callin'." "Love you, dad," she said before she hung up. Paul reached out, taking the receiver from her hand, his hot fingers brushing her, and laid it the cradle. How did he make that sexy? "And now you're lying to your father?" Paul let out a low whistle. "I think you're a bad girl and no one knows it. Yet." His eyes raked up and down her again. She let herself like that—she liked being appreciated by this hunk of a man. "You better step off, Paul," the bartender said as Paul took one more step closer. They were only inches apart and she could feel the heat roll off him. "Why?" Paul asked, looking at the man behind the bar. He'd put the phone back in its place out of sight. "If she's Jake's girl…" "I am not FUCKING JAKE'S GIRL!" Bella exclaimed. "Does everyone here know the little shit? Has he been talking to everyone but me?" Paul caught on of her flailing arms as it hit his chest. I shiver ran down her spine. If Bella was honest with herself, she really liked it. But she wasn't being completely honest with herself. He bent over and whispered in her ear, "So, does that mean you're not fucking him?" Her toes curled as his hot breath washed across her face. "Yes!" Her indignation was back. She didn't know what the hell he meant by asking her that. "Yes that's what that means, or yes you're fuckin him?" "Paul!" the bartender warned as Paul's hand reached out to her hip. "George!" he mimicked the tender's tone. "I know what I'm doing." His hand pulled her closer and she let him. "It's your life," George replied as he turned away. "What the fuck does that mean?" Bella asked, her head shooting in George's direction. She did not pull out of Paul's embrace. "It means that Paul better watch his step around Jake. Most of us know what the future holds. But Paul never seems to give two shits." "And what does that MEAN?" Bella pressed. Well, she was pressed up against Paul and she wasn't fighting it. Something about George's statement implied that Paul shouldn't mess with Bella because of Jake. Like, Jake owned her or something. That made something in her mind snap. She didn't want to be Jake's. Not after the last two weeks. But George had gone into the back room, leaving them alone. "He's trying to imply that even though you're not fucking Jake, that I shouldn't fuck you." His words startled her, but they excited her, too. Edward would never had said anything so crass to her. Ever. And while she knew Jake wanted more from her, had even tried to kiss her on a few occasions, he still saw her as a broken little bird that needed to be mended. She liked the dirty words that spilled from this man's tongue. She wondered what his tongue tasted like. She realized she was staring at his lips, trying to see his tongue. He noticed and smirked. She straightened her back, planting her feet more firmly on the ground. "Do you want to fuck me?" she asked, trying to keep her voice hostile to mask her desire. She didn't think it worked. "It's quickly rising up my bucket list," he whispered in her ear. God, he smells good. She wanted him to make another move. But… She couldn't do anything like that. She couldn't just have sex with someone she'd just met outside a bar. She was seventeen. She was a virgin. She'd never even been to second base. "Too bad I have to get my tire fixed," she muttered shifting out of his hold. Bella had to use all her strength to pull away from him. His hand had found its way to her bare skin right above the waistband of her shorts. Which she admitted she enjoyed quite thoroughly. She shivered at the loss of his heat. "Well, little girl, there is no place open right now in La Push or Forks that can help you with that. So here's what I'm going to do for you." He smirked at her, tapping her nose with his forefinger making all the places that'd made her blush to think about throb with desire. He took a step closer to her and they were almost touching…again. "We're gonna walk back to my place and get you a jacket. And then, if we can't find something better to do, I'll drive you home and we'll take care of that tire tomorrow." If he stays this close, I won't need a jacket. "What do you mean 'something else to do'?" she asked skeptically, but panting just a little. She knew. She thought she knew. She hoped she knew. "Little girl, if you don't know that, then you're more naïve than I thought." "I don't need another man in my life to fuck things up," she snorted, but she didn't pull away. Smooth, Bella. She felt his hand wrap around her waist and pull her up against his body again. He seemed proud of the erection he was rubbing into her belly. She thought she had the female equivalent—if there was such a thing. "I'm not going to fuck up your life, Bells ." Hearing Jake's nickname for her in Paul's husky voice made her weak in the knees. "I'm just going to fuck you." So?