we'll all have to revamp our lesson plans anyway," Natalie added. "I wouldn't mind a change myself. So you can do ninth next year." "But in the meantime," Jeff Mason slid two stacks of file folders onto my desk, "you can get started with this. Here are copies of my 11th grade material," he said, tapping one, "and that's Val's." I opened that folder to see a sheaf of worksheets and lesson plans, most of them creased and soft with age. "Thank you so much," I said, giving him a relieved smile. Since I had spent my summer preparing a ninth-grade curriculum, I had a crapload of work ahead of me, and this would be an immense help. I glanced at Berty's syllabus and looked up at Jeff in surprise. "The 12th graders do 'Romeo and Juliet'? They haven't read it already?" Jeff shrugged. "Val was the head of the department, and he liked to keep most of the Shakespeare for himself." Maybe that explained why the man had rushed off so eagerly to England to claim his inheritance. "Have you taught any?" "Not really. My students at New Arrivals High usually didn't have enough English to tackle it. We mostly did grammar and read 'Of Mice and Men.' So do you want to add more Shakespeare for the juniors, spread it out?" Jeff and I talked about our shared 11th grade curriculum while Natalie went off to her own classroom. One of early units, I saw, was on folklore, with a section on local myths and legends. "Who do you get to talk about local folktales?" I asked. "I'll take care of that. Somebody from the Quileute reservation comes every year," he said. "Oh, I didn't really realize there were reservations here," I said, feeling stupid since I came from a state full of reservations, including the one Raquel's family lived on. "I should have figured that out – I saw all those casino billboards with totem poles when I drove here." "Yeah, the Quileutes are the closest," Jeff said, handing me a list of the Everbind Classics books in the English department storage closet. "Do they speak a tribal language?" Jeff gave me a dubious look. "No, they speak English," he said, as if I were little dim. "Um, I meant, are the people on the reservation fluent in Quileute or whatever their tribal language is?" I asked. "Dunno. Never heard anyone speak it." I nodded, but the seed of an idea started growing in my mind. Maybe my stay in this town could be useful. When Work Day was over, I headed west out of town to my newly rented house, the barren prairie of Forks ceding to forest. I remembered to turn right after the trailer that had a stuffed spotted owl hanging from a noose, legacy of some battle between loggers and conservationists. There was a guy in my front yard with a lawn mower when I pulled into my driveway. "Hello?" I called out as I stepped out of my car, eying the stranger in confusion. He had short, wavy blond hair, and jeans but an unbuttoned plaid shirt, as if it were 20 degrees warmer than the thermometer said. Also, when she'd shown me the house, Jessica Stanley hadn't mentioned anything about a yard service. My visitor cut off the engine of the mower. "Yo!" he said as if he had every right to be on my weedy lawn, and sauntered over to me. I thought he might be flexing his pecs, which were, to be honest, considerable. "I'm Justin. I figured it was time to give this a trim." I stared a him a moment. "Justin … Stanley?" I asked. His cocky expression slipped a little, as if he were worried that I had already heard of him, because whatever I had heard, it couldn't have been good. "Yeah?" "You're Jessica Stanley's … brother?" I asked, trying to make connections. Jessica hadn't mentioned a brother either. On the other hand, she hadn't talked about much of anything besides herself. "Uh, no, a cousin. I live across the street." He jerked his head toward a McMansion with pillars and a Juliet balcony attached to a squat box, lipstick on a pig. "And I hear that you're Isabella." The cockiness returned, joined by a smarmy smile. "Or do you use Bella? Or –" "Ms. Swan," I interrupted him. "I use Ms. Swan. And you're in my 11th-grade English class, Mr. Stanley." I had seen his name on my roster, and had been informed that he was the best player on the football team and thus was protected by the Clapp, but I had failed to ask how he was related to my new landlady. Whoever had told him my name hadn't told him my job, and I could see him visibly try to process the news that the new neighbor he was trying to hit on would be grading him for the next 10 months. Hoping that his embarrassment wouldn't turn into resentment and defiant behavior, I seized my chance to escape my inappropriate proximity to his hairless chest. "See you in class next week, Mr. Stanley," I said, and marched to my front door. Ugh. Seventeen-year-old boys. Chapter title: "A new run begins," from the song "Ein Neuer Tag," by Juli. Another A/N: In my other stories, I put BxE in real places – ie, real hotels, real restaurants, real college buildings, real streets, even though I often don't name them. In this one, though, a lot of what I write about the Olympic Peninsula will be true true, some of it will be SMeyer-universe true, and some of it will be made up. Also, I've never taught high school, so I'm getting guidance from my sister, who's a teacher in Seattle. What happens to Bella here is inspired by something that happened to one of her colleagues last year. But if the teachers out there see something horribly unrealistic, let me know.