lip. He growls, his hands grabbing my shoulders and pulling me forward into a kiss. He slides out of me as we kiss and I moan in frustration. Edward laughs and flips me onto my back. An embarrassingly shrill scream of surprise comes out of my mouth as he does it. He climbs over me and I slide my hand into his thick hair, grabbing a handful. He hisses as I pull him down to meet my mouth. Edward rewards me by biting my bottom lip as he slides himself back into me in a long, slow push. "Oh fuck!" I can't stop it as I moan, and Edward's chuckles vibrate through me. "I'm sorry, I didn't catch that, Leah?" He's smirking above me. I lift my legs, tilting my hips, and he slides in deeper. He chokes on a groan and it's my turn to smile. He moves inside me again and my smile disappears as I close my eyes. Edward shifts as he moves my legs, pressing my knees toward my chest, and I let out a little grunt as I readjust to the new position. "Is this okay?" He asks, his voice soft, his tone gentle and concerned. I open my eyes to see him poised above me, his arms behind my knees and his head just inside me. He doesn't move, just waits there for my answer. I start to nod, but then I remember he seems to like me to say things out loud. I take a moment to swallow before I answer. "Yes." As I breathe out the word, he starts to slide back into me, leaning down as he goes so deep that he hits bottom again. This time it's all pleasure overwhelming my body in trembling waves, and the word becomes a hiss. "Mmm... how about this?" he asks. His breath is on my face as his hips move in short thrusts, making me yelp and gasp for air. "Tell me how this feels," Edward pleads and I struggle to breathe, wondering how I'm supposed to answer. How do I describe the intensity, the aching delight, and overpowering sensation of fulfillment? I sputter and shake my head. "Overwhelming," I blurt out as he thrusts into me, and groans. "More," he says in a high-pitch, almost desperate tone. The sound seems to pluck at something inside me, reverberating through my whole body. I don't know if it's a demand, a question, or if he's just speaking a language that I don't understand. "It's almost too much." I gasp, hoping that it does justice to this intense pleasure that's filling me, threatening to burst. I try to convey all that I'm feeling as I look at him and see it mirrored in his face. I've never seen this look from him before. Edward looks like he's having trouble breathing and he puts his hand on the side of my face. He brushes his lips over mine and murmurers something I can't quiet make out, before he start to move with more purpose. The climax catches me off guard, slamming into me without warning and making me rise up into each of his thrusts. "Yes, come for me," he pleads as he quickens his pace. "Harder," I moan as I shamelessly writhe beneath him. He grunts and pounds into me, sending me into another wave of pleasure. I scream as it rockets through me as he shouts and thrusts in a frantic rhythm. As his thrusts slow down, I shudder and shake, too weak to do more than take it. Edward is flushed and breathless as he finally stops, his forehead resting against my breast. I feel the ghost of a kiss touch my nipple before he pulls out, making me groan from the loss. I roll onto my side, tucking my knees to my chest. "Where's the trash?" he asks in a weak voice. "Over there." I gesture towards the nightstand, but don't look up. I hear him shuffle around, then the wet plop as the condom hits the bottom of the trash can. I wait for what I know is coming next. There are a few different versions. He could get dressed quickly and leave. Or, he'll try to make awkward conversation, make-up fake excuses and then leave. I just lay there, waiting for Edward's spin of the classic exit strategy. "Hey." He sighs and curls up against my back, his arm sliding around my waist. "You going to freak out on me now?" He whispers in my ear, laughing a little. I get pissed and I shift onto my back to look at him. He's got that smile again, just a simple smile, his fingers tracing little circles over my stomach. "No." I sound sullen and it annoys me, but not as much as the look on his face as he kisses the tip of my nose. "Good, because I just need twenty minutes to catch my breath and I can give you your real present." He sighs as he flops onto his back, and I feel my eyes bug out. "Are you kidding?" My voice cracks a little as I slap my hand down on his chest and he laughs. "Of course," he says, pulling me on top of his chest. "It should only take a couple of minutes," he says with a smirk, as his fingertips play over the side of my face. I smile despite myself, and lean down to bite his neck. "Mmm... Happy Birthday, Ms. Clearwater," he says, moaning as I lick his Adam's apple. Author's Note: Thanks to MsKathy for being a harsh (beta) mistress and DevilKalika for the being my Yoda in the ways of the Parka. Disclaimer: I don't own anything related to this story - all copyright and trademarked items mentioned herein belong to their respective owners. This was originally written as an entry for the Parkward One-Shot Contest To see other entries in the Parkaward Contest, please visit the C2 page: www(dot)fanfiction(dot)net/community/Parkaward_Contest/72394/