step. The frantic growling in her head made it hard to hear. "She wanted to save that part for herself," he went on blithely. "She's sort of… put out with you, Bella." "Me?" She squeaked. He shook his head and chuckled. "I know, it seems a little backward to me, too. But James was her mate, and your Edward killed him." Even here, on the point of death, his name tore against her unhealed wounds like a serrated edge. Laurent was oblivious to her reaction. "She thought it more appropriate to kill you than Edward—fair turnabout, mate for mate. She asked me to get the lay of the land for her, so to speak. I didn't imagine you would be so easy to get to. So maybe her plan was flawed—apparently it wouldn't be the revenge she imagined, since you must not mean very much to him if he left you here unprotected." Another blow, another tear through her chest. Laurent's weight shifted slightly, and she stumbled another step back. He frowned. "I suppose she'll be angry, all the same." "Then why not wait for her?" Bella choked out. A mischievous grin rearranged his features. "Well, you've caught me at a bad time, Bella. I didn't come to this place on Victoria's mission—I was hunting. I'm quite thirsty, and you do smell… simply mouthwatering." Laurent looked at her with approval, as if he meant it as a compliment. "Threaten him," the beautiful delusion ordered, his voice distorted with dread. "He'll know it was you," She whispered obediently. "You won't get away with this." "And why not?" Laurent's smile widened. He gazed around the small opening in the trees. "The scent will wash away with the next rain. No one will find your body—you'll simply go missing, like so many, many other humans. There's no reason for Edward to think of me, if he cares enough to investigate. This is nothing personal, let me assure you, Bella. Just thirst." "Beg," Her hallucination begged. "Please," She gasped. Laurent shook his head, his face kind. "Look at it this way, Bella. You're very lucky I was the one to find you." "Am I?" Bella mouthed, faltering another step back. Laurent followed, lithe and graceful. "Yes," he assured her. "I'll be very quick. You won't feel a thing, I promise. Oh, I'll lie to Victoria about that later, naturally, just to placate her. But if you knew what she had planned for you, Bella…" He shook his head with a slow movement, almost as if in disgust. "I swear you'd be thanking me for this." She stared at him in horror. He sniffed at the breeze that blew threads of her hair in his direction. "Mouthwatering," he repeated, inhaling deeply. Distantly, Bella thought she could hear a howl carry to her from miles away. " The Volturi!" The words poured out of her mouth as a last resort, but they managed to stop him in his tracks. He tilted his head curiously at her. " Yes? What about them?" Laurent inquired almost hesitantly. " They make the rules, right?" She spoke quickly, the panic having almost completely taken over and left her with nothing but half formed hopes. Laurent nodded at her, looking put off by this interruption in his mealtime. Bella swallowed the sob bubbling up her throat at the thought. " Don't they have some sort of rule against this?" She rushed out. "Killing another vampire's mate? Otherwise they'd have desperate people asking them for justice all the time!" Laurent simply stared at her for a moment, before a deep laugh shook him. " The Volturi do not care for such matters! They are the ruling vampires in the world! Aro considers only power as his priority, he cares not for the pitiful whining of his subjects. If there was ever a more prudent example of a vampire not having a soul, it would be him." He laughed in her paling face even as he closed the distance between them. He took a firm grip of her hair before gently, almost soothingly, tilting her neck back. His mouth hovered at her throat, but Bella had run out of pleas. Her trembling had stopped, and in its place a calm took her over. She had been waiting for this. This end to her suffering caused by vampires and a hole in her heart. It was almost poetic , she thought as another howl sounded, this one closer than before, that she die in the arms of a vampire. One niggling thought wouldn't leave her mind, even as his lips touched her neck. " What kind of king doesn't care about the suffering of his people?" Teeth pierced the side of her neck, and Bella cried out from the sharp pain. The edges of her vision grew fuzzy, and she belatedly wondered how he was able to get so much blood out of her so fast. Lights appeared in the corners of her eyes, and the world blurred for a moment, tilting sideways before straightening itself again. And the teeth tore themselves from her neck. " What on earth…" Laurent only just muttered the words before another howl sounded, this one almost reaching their position. His head snapped to the side, before taking another look in front of him Bella. He seemed to deliberate for a moment, before gnashing his teeth together in frustration and taking off into the woods. Bella barely noticed him leave, as the lights spread to swallow up the world around her. Her hands tingled, like she'd slept on them too long and the blood in her veins was just getting reacquainted with the room there. She could only spare a thought for the pain in her neck, slowly spreading like a fire inside her, before her knees gave out, and she tipped backward. The ground rushed at her, and the world went white. Bella dropped the fabric, and it hung loosely from the threads that still held intact. "Fuck."