made the label himself and taped it to the can to cover the original one. He had become my hero that day. I was never scared of the closet monster or under-the-bed-monster again. Tears were again streaming down my face as I stood at the foot of my dad's bed remembering. I looked around the room some more just taking it all in. It smelled heavily of his cologne. A smell that I had always loved. He'd been wearing the same scent for as long as I could remember. As I turned toward his dresser, I noticed the corner of a picture frame. The rest was covered by a t-shirt that he had thrown haphazardly. I found it odd since there were no other picture frames anywhere in the room. In fact his walls were completely bare aside from a huge dream catcher that hung on the wall above his bed. It had been a gift from Billy. It was much like the one that Jake had given me for my birthday only on a much larger scale. I pulled the t-shirt away and the photo staring back at me caused my breath to catch. It was a picture of him and me from prom. Why did he still have this? I figured that he had taken it just like all the pictures from my scrapbook and the gifts from that fateful birthday party. I realized that he must not have realized that Charlie had it. But even still, why would Charlie keep it? If there was anyone that didn't want a reminder of him it was my dad. I stood there for an immeasurable amount of time simply studying the perfect face of the man that I had been willing to give my very life for. It wasn't as hard to look upon him as I thought it might be, but then again it was just a picture. I would imagine that coming face to face with him in person would be a whole different experience. It was hard to believe that it had only been five short months since they had left. Some days it seemed as though decades had passed and others it was as if it had been only yesterday that I stood on that path in the forest while he tore out my very soul with his words. As I gazed at the picture I realized why Charlie must have kept it. I looked happy. I was smiling brightly, my ever present blush adorning my cheeks. He wasn't even looking at the camera. Instead his attention was focused on me. He had a small adoring smile on his face. The sight of it made the hole in my chest throb with such intensity it made my knees weak. To the outside observer he looked like he was deeply in love with me. But I knew better. I sighed deeply, taking one last look at the picture before replacing it on the dresser. I even went as far as to put the t-shirt back over it, just like I found it. I left the room closing the door behind me. I needed to get on the ball and start making the necessary phone calls to get things taken care of. If I stayed up here I'd never get any of that done. I grabbed the phone off of the wall in the kitchen and headed toward the living room. I made a list in my head of the people that I needed to call. Billy, funeral home… Who the hell else am I supposed to call? I had no idea what the hell I was doing. I found myself wishing, not for the first time today, that Esme and Carlisle were here. I needed the comfort that only a mother could give and I knew that Carlisle would know what the hell I was supposed to be doing. The longing that I felt for my vampire parents caused a war inside my head. On the one hand I wanted…no needed… them here to help me through this. Even if it was just long enough to take care of everything and get through the funeral. The fact remained though that even if I had any idea of how to get in touch with them I wasn't sure I would be able to make that phone call. The pain of their abandonment was still pretty fresh and I didn't know if I could handle speaking to, let alone see, any of them right now. On the other hand, I was angry with them and didn' t want them here. They were partially responsible for this after all. They left me alone and unprotected while Victoria was plotting my demise. I didn't know if they had any idea that she would come back for me but that was beside the point. If they hadn't left they would have easily been able to take care of her before any of this happened and I wouldn't be parentless right now. I let out a puff of frustrated air. There was no sense in thinking about this right now. The fact was they weren't here. Regardless of how much I did or didn't want them to be. I hit the talk button on the phone, the dial tone loud in the otherwise silent room. Just as I went to press the buttons to call Billy, I felt it. The hairs on the back of my neck stood up and a chill ran up my spine. Someone was watching me. I saw a flash of movement from the corner of my eye before she spoke. "Hello, Bella." I looked up toward the voice. I should have been scared. In fact, I probably should have been pissing myself in fear, but I felt nothing. I just didn't care anymore. There was no more fight left in me. My voice sounded dead even to my own ears as I greeted my unwanted guest. "Hello Victoria."