to see you." My dad said as he shook Jake's hand and pulled him into a hug. Jake smiled and hugged him back. I turned as I heard Bella coming towards us. "Bella you remember Billy Black." My dad said and he introduced him. I saw confusion in Bella's eyes, which told me she didn't. "Yeah." She said with a nod as she shook his hand. I rolled my eyes, but remained silent. Defiantly not the same as me. "You're looking good." She told him and I could see she was starting to remember him. "Still dancing." I smiled and took his hat. He just laughed as I placed it on my head. "It fits now." I said, causing everyone but Bella to laugh. "I'm glad you both are finally here. Charlie, here hasn't shut up about it since you told him you were coming." I smiled and sat on Billy's lap. "Aw how sweet." I said causing my father to roll his eyes. "Alright keep exaggerating. I'll roll you into the mud." My dad said, causing us all to laugh. "Maybe I should get up them." I teased as I stood. Billy only laughed and stole his hat back. "Or I'll ram you into the ankles." Billy said as he started for my dad. I laughed and Jake shook his head at the two of them. "Want some of this?" "Ya bring it." I laughed and looked at Jake. "Our dad act like children." He nod in agreement as Bella looked at him. "Hi, I'm Jacob." I rolled my eyes at how flustered he looked. Same old Jake, always going for the ones who just don't like him in that way. I only wished he would find someone good. "Hey ya." Bella said in her usual shy voice, obviously not getting who Jake was. "We uh used to make mud pies when we were little." Jake said causing me to stifle my laughs at how pathetic he sounded. "Oh I remember." I rolled my eyes. "Well I leave you both here. I'm going to go and see my other friends. Tell my dad?" Jake nod. "Sure Ams. See you later." I nod and went to my bike that rested in the drive way. I slipped my helmet on and started the engine. I didn't feel like listening to the two of them. I drove down and paused. "Don't forget school." My dad said causing me to nod as my father handed my bag to me. "No problem." I told him before driving towards the reservation. I kept my bag on me tightly as I drove to the reservation school. I pulled out and spotted Embry and Quil easily. I turned the bike off and put my helmet on the ground beside the bike as I parked and headed over to the boys. "So I heard you two are finally together?" "What where on earth did you..." Quil turned and his eyes widen as he saw me. "Amy?" I smiled at Embry. "Hey Embers." He laughed and pulled me into a hug. "I missed you sooo much." "Hey share!" Quil yelled at Embry as he pulled me into his arms instead. I laughed and hugged Quil. "Quil." Embry whined. "Don't worry, I'll be here for at least the rest of the year. You both have time with me just as Jake does." I told them as I pulled away from Quil and hugged Embry again. "Good because we miss our swan princess." I rolled my eyes and pulled away. "Now you just lost your right to hug me at the moment." I told him before going and hugging Quil again. Quil laughed as Embry whined. "Now hate to just come and go, but I do have school to get to and I don't want to be late so..." They both nod and kissed a cheek each. "See you later." "Bye Amy, love you." I rolled my eyes and blew them each a kiss before heading back to my bike. They all were like brothers to me and I have no idea what I would do without them. Bella and I didn't stay together as we got to school. I headed in the opposite direction with looking for my class. I didn't want to be here. I would have so much rather go to the reservation school, but I can't, which sucks. I was stuck at this school with Bella and not with Quil, Embry, and Jake. Once gym came I was in my zone. Bella was good in school, but I was better in sports. Don't get me wrong I do get good grades, but not like Bella. I was dressed in shorts and a t-shirt as we played volleyball. I could Bella failing miserably. I hit the ball really good as Bella made new friends. I simply rolled my eyes. I didn't want to make anymore friends. I need only my reservation friends. When lunch came I was already beginning my homework and eating. I felt suddenly really sick. I look up and saw some weird kids start walking in. There was five of them. A blonde curly hair girl walking beside a tall guy with buzzed brown hair. Then there was a pixie looking girl beside a messy haired blonde. At the end of this little trail of kids was a boy with messy brown hair. I have no idea why, but these guys made me feel naustious. I put my hand to my head as I started getting a massive headache. I grabbed my bag and started packing up with shaky hands. I threw away my lunch and started for the door. I needed to go see the nurse I felt like I was going to puke. I felt shaky and warm, like I was burning up. The farther I got from the cafeteria the better I feel. Something was wrong. I've been feeling weird since I got here. I hope I'm not coming down with something.