I'm not going to be able to get any sleep in my sister's boyfriends room... it would be near impossible to relax, knowing that she once slept on that bed, in those sheets. That she and Jasper had probably... I'm too drunk and too curious for my /own good, so I nod blankly and let him guide me down the hallway to the last room on the left -his bedroom- under the pretense that I will sleep there. I wonder to myself, as I stand in the doorway, if I might be able to find her in here, in the pictures or books, or the smell. He flicks the switch on and leans against the doorjamb. Instantly, the room is illuminated by the soft, golden light of a miniature Tiffany lamp plugged into the wall. There's a sturdy oak desk tucked into the corner of the room and a simple queen sized /bed next to the nightstand where the lamp sits. The comforter is blue, the blankets unmade. Finally, Jasper speaks. "If you need anything," he begins "I'll be right out there." I can tell that he says it more out of polite necessity than anything else, because halfway through his speech his eyes wander. It looks like he's already left the moment. /I nod respectfully even though I know he doesn't see it and wait until I hear the door click shut behind him. Immediately I scan my surroundings, looking for any trace of my sister in this room. The walls are starkly empty. No pictures of half naked girls or sports cars here. There's two sets of beautiful, intricate, hand-carved bookshelves on the back wall, /filled next to overflowing with books. Most look as though they are encyclopedias of some sort. I make my way over. Textbooks about the Civil War, old western novels. Unsurprisingly I spot War and Peace, cracked open and flipped over on the nightstand. /But nothing even remotely Alice. Disheartened, I quietly make my way over to the desk and open the top drawer. Nothing but post-it notes, paper clips and some uncapped ball point pens. In the second drawer there are two appointment books and not much else. The third drawer is locked. /I make my way over to the nightstand with the lamp on it, nearest the door and pull the drawer open. I freeze. There, turned upside down is a plain black plastic picture frame. I grasp it reverently and turn it over to glimpse the picture inside. My stomach drops. It's a photograph of my sister and I. She's wearing a black and white striped skater dress and a jean jacket. She looks casual and fun, her short, inky black hair pulled back into tiny pigtails. Her cheeks are pink and full; her face glowing. She looks /so healthy, so very beautiful. My stomach clenches painfully. In the picture, I'm standing next to Alice. My arm is casually wrapped around her shoulder. I'm in my navy blue cheerleading uniform and my face is unsmiling. In fact, I'm not even looking at the camera. My gaze is settled on something or someone over /Alice's shoulder. My thick auburn hair is a tangled, wind blown mess. My face is serious, almost stern-looking, unblemished and end of summer tan. It's a terrible picture of myself and I laugh quickly, hollowly, unable to hold back the tidal wave of emotions that suddenly overcomes me. My laughter quickly morphs into tears and I'm crying, then sobbing, clutching at the picture frame as though it's /the second coming of my sister, and I can't stop, can't stop, can't stop. God I fucking miss her. And why did she do this to me, to us? I want her back. I want everything to go back to the way it used to be. But it's too late, too late, too late. It's almost impossible to breathe now, and I'm gasping for breath, lungs heaving and heart thundering, my pulse quick as lightning, on the verge of a full-blown panic attack. I don't hear the door, but I feel Jasper as he kneels beside me, on the ground, his hands coming to rest on both sides of my face. He's speaking, but I can't make out the words through the constant thrumming and whirring in my ears. I tug his arm forward, /turning my face into the empty space between his head and his shoulder as great, ugly, heaving sobs wrack my body. I try to breathe, try to quell the panic and the pain, but nothing is working. I can't stop thinking about her. I fucking miss her so much. Jasper is shaking now too, overcome with grief so similar to mine that I'm struck by the overwhelming intensity of both of our feelings combined. His breath is hot against my cheek, my neck and I can feel the too fast thumping of his heart beneath the /thin cotton of his gray Henley; blood hot and heavy beneath his skin. His fingers dig painfully into my waist. My head is dizzy, my eyes are burning and my throat feels tight but my breathing picks up as Jasper squeezes tighter, tighter, too tight. And then suddenly it's all too much, too much, too much. A/N: In case you were all wondering, I DIDNT DIE, I SWEAR. I've just been missing for like ten years dodges tomatoes I'm so sorry. :( I had a baby, moved in with her dad and have just been living life. I just recently got back into writing /in a big way, and thought that I should start back up with fanfiction. So, here it is, a NEW fanfiction. I know, I know, BUT ELLI MAYBE YOU SHOULD FINISH THE ONES YOU ALREADY STARTED, HMM? I will, I promise. But this story just can't wait. It's been /sitting in my mind for a while just waiting for me to breathe some life into it. I hope you like it just as much as I do.