in a tight embrace. I squeezed my arms close together, trying to cut off his air. "We don't need to breathe, Emmett. Choking me isn't going to do very much." I growled but kept squeezing. Suddenly, he scampered quickly out from between my arms and clambered on to my back, his teeth bared to my throat. I picked him up and threw him across the room. " NO! " Esme called. Too late for the dining table. I cringed. To my surprise, Edward threw his limbs out, like a parachute and stopped his flight by landing on the floor like a cat, a good foot away from the table. I sighed in relief. "Good one," I said, shaking his hand. He grinned. "We'll finish it later," he assured me. "Well, why don't you fill him in, Rose." Carlisle suggested. I blinked and they were gone. I could hear their voices fading as they ran toward the edge of the forest. In fact, I could hear clearly all the way to the freeway a quarter of a mile down the road. I could hear the rushing stream in the forest and hear a deer cantering along by it. "Is this real?" I asked. "Yes." Rose said. "How long have you been one?" "A few years now. Carlisle changed me, saved me, really. Like he saved you." She smiled. "But we've only been in the area for a few years." "Why do you move?" "Well, other than the detrimental effects on the environment, we don't age. It puts off the humans when year after year we don't appear any older." "You — we — don't age? So when do we die? How do we die?" "Vampires don't usually die. The process is difficult and involves ripping the vampire into pieces and burning the portions." She smiled grimly. It's quite difficult because vampires so strong." "That's how you picked me up before!" I exclaimed. "I knew you weren't a fat cow." She laughed. "Besides that, we're stronger, faster, better-looking." She gestured to the mirror across the room where I took in my new appearance. My skin had lost its warm buttery brown tinge to a milky white pastiness. But I looked difference beyond that. I was bigger, and somehow grander. Those were my feature, but enhanced, improved. I felt worthy of her. "But, resisting the blood lust is quiet hard." She admitted. "It takes almost a year usually to practice control. Carlisle is a doctor and he's the strongest of all of us, he's been clean since he was made — three hundred years ago." "That geezer is three hundred years old?" I snickered. "He looks twenty-five." "We're frozen in the age of our bite. " She took my hand, and led me upstairs. "There's a guestroom for you on the end of the hall across my room and next to Carlisle and Esme's room. Edward's room is this one. I glanced inside; Spartan and barely decorated though geared toward music. "The piano downstairs…does he play that?" "Yes. I do as well. I'll ask him to play for you, he's quite good." Then she led me into her room and we sat down. And she waited for me to spill the questions threatening to tumble out of my mouth. "What Carlisle said before..., was it real or not real?" I asked her. "Real. Every word." "How old are you?" "Eighteen." "And how long have you been 'eighteen?'" "A while," she admitted at last, smiling. "Real or not real: do you sleep in coffins?" I felt stupid when I realized we were sitting on her bed. But she answered anyway. "Not real." She hesitated. "We can't sleep." "At all?" "Never," She said, nearly inaudible, turning to look at me with a wistful expression. "Don't laugh — but how can we come out during the daytime?" She laughed, hard. I was captivated by her; she was so beautiful. Her loveliness was inhuman. Oh, well. Duh. "Not real. We aren't burned by the sun." Noting a shaft of sunlight in the doorway of the room, she walked to it and immersed herself. I would say, I lost my breath, but I didn't really have breath to lose any more. Rosalie in the sunlight was shocking. Not just beautiful, not pretty. Resplendent, immaculate. Lovely. I couldn't get used to it, though I'd been staring at her unabashedly all day. Her skin sparkled, like thousands of tiny diamonds. Her face seemed to go up in scintillating flames that shimmered and shone, casting dancing lights on the ceiling. Maybe she was a mirage; after all, I'd always doubted the existence of angels. A perfect statue, carved in ivory, smooth like marble, glittering like crystal. But all too soon the sun disappeared and she returned to her perfect par. "And that's why we can't come out in the sun," She said in the awestruck silence that followed. In two strides I'd crossed the floor to her. "Real or not real? You love me." She smiled sweetly and tells me, "Real." So I hope that you guys enjoyed Lovely. Sure, so maybe we know Rose and Em's story, but we never saw it. I didn't put the part with Royce because we pretty much know EXACTLY what goes down there thanks to Eclipse (cue "Rosalie paused in the doorway, her breathtaking face unsure." SORRY, BUT THAT LINE CRACKS ME UP EVERY TIME). And just to be clear, fruit is an old-fashioned word for a gay individual. I am not homophobic at all, I was just trying to emulate the mindset of the time. Emmett's comes around from the 50's or so, I think. Plus, I just wanted this to be really happy and Emmett is always funny, and I think even when he's dying he'd be cracking jokes and stuff. (Maybe this is why he's so ripped: he's compensating for feeling emasculated when Rose saved him, haha.) Anything recognizable is of Stephanie Meyer and Suzanne Collins (Mockingjay). Don't forget to REVIEW!