you were staying with the Cullen's?" I asked a bit afraid of the answer. I really hoped he hasn't used it on Alice or Rose. "I have, usually on Edward when he pissed me off, even Carlisle suffered it once because he forgot who I was. Emmett asked me to use it on him once, because he wanted to know what it was like, but I didn't want to do that to him or Rose. Although Emmett and I have wrestled a whole lot together, and since I knew who Jasper was, I also spent a lot of time sparring with him." He said with a soft smile. I let out a breath of relief, glad he never used his power on those he liked. "Well, Edward I can understand, I wanted to hurt Edward on several occasions. But why did you want to spar with Jasper, he looks like he wouldn't hurt a fly" I said with a soft smile. He only smiled at me "You were usually the reason I had to Bella, he wanted to control you, make you dependent on him, and that was something I wouldn't stand for. The worst part is that Edward always promised you to turn you someday, but the truth is that he was never going to do it. And the reason I sparred a lot with Jazz is easy, although it's not my place to talk about his history, I will say that he had a life before he met Alice." "Remind me to ask about that when I see him. But I knew what Edward wanted for me from the beginning, that's why I came with you so easily, I want to get revenge on both Edward and Carlisle for what they did to me. And of course I want to see the others, I've missed everyone so much, especially Alice and Emmett." I said with a wistful smile. Christian had to smile at that "I figured as much, they bonded with you so easily. Although Rose also wanted to be your friend from the start, but of course Edward forbade her because he didn't trust her." He said as he shook his head. I was actually a bit shocked at that, I never knew that Edward actually forbade people from befriending me. Who did he think he was trying to keep people from my life. I started to hate him more with every passing minute. As if he sensed my feelings Christian smiled at me "I know you must hate Edward now, but it wasn't only Edward who thought like that. Carlisle often agreed with him, maybe it's because Edward was the first one he turned. They have always had a special bond and Carlisle still sees Edward as his Golden Boy. Edward can never do anything wrong in Carlisle's eyes, and usually the others will get punished when they slip up, and Edward would never get punished for the same slip up." He said as he rested one hand one my knee. That made me blush a bit and I saw his nostrils flare a bit as he smelled the blood rushing to my skin. "Now I'm really grateful you took me away, because god knows what could have happened if Edward came back to get me. Then I would have been chained at his side my entire life." I said softly. "That's something we never would have let happen. Alice asked me to keep an eye on you, because I was the only one who could go against Carlisle without problems. And I know Edward and Carlisle are far away from Forks and they wouldn't have come for you anyway. And besides, even if he came back for you, I doubt he would have kept you alive, since the only thing stopping him from tearing you apart were the rest of the family." He said with a kind smile. I gasped slightly at that revelation, but I kept my mouth shut. I knew Edward wanted to drain me, but I never could have thought it would be this bad. So I only nodded at his statement as a town came into view, the most prominent being the church on top of the hill. "We're almost there Bella. Only another half an hour before we're there, and not a moment too soon I might add." He said softly. I had to smile at that, only half an hour before I would see Alice, Emmett and Rose again. "Thank God for that, as comfortable as your car is, I really want to stretch my legs for a bit." I said softly. He smiled at me and sped up a little more so we would be in Volterra faster. "You should have told me Bella, I'm a bit rusty on human needs." He said with a soft smile. "Hey it's no big deal Chris, I've sat longer in less comfortable cars. But I guess I'm just a little bit excited to see everyone again, that's why I'm a bit restless." I said as I patted his knee softly. That brought a smile to his face which I hadn't seen in a very long time. As we drove into the city I noticed it was way more quiet than I would expect at this time a day. The streets were almost deserted although it was almost noon. Chris noticed my stares out of the window and smiled at me "People take mandatory rests here from eleven thirty till two, because were closer to the equator the sun shines a lot brighter here. That's why the streets are nearly empty." I only nodded and I felt my nerves increasing as we pulled into a parking lot close to the church. "Are you ready Bella?" He asked once we were out of the car. I merely nodded and followed him to a side entrance of the church, ready to face anything that could be inside, even if that could mean my death.