Luckily the excess wax spread along the floor and extinguished the flames on impact. I was surprised at how fast she could move. "You're one of them!" she breathed. I wanted to ask "One of what?" but my fear and shock overwhelmed my curiosity. This lady is clearly insane , I decided, wanting to believe that instead of believing that she had seen something horrible in my future. I suddenly wanted to be far, far away from this room. My insides felt as cold as ice. "Are we done?" I was glad my voice had recovered and I didn't sound like a cowering girl this time. There was a moment of silence before she said, very calmly, "Yes." She seemed recovered, her face a smooth mask that showed no hint of her outburst just a few seconds before. But her hands were shaking, even as she adjusted her skirt, and I wasn't fooled. Something had scared her, and I was too stunned and frightened, myself, to ask what. Suddenly her voice sounded cheerful. "Expect a new change and maybe some internal struggles in your near future! Nothing to worry about!" she said to me, but as she quickly swept from the room I knew she had said it for everyone else's benefit, not mine. "Good night, everyone! I hope you ladies had a wonderful evening," she continued in her sing-song voice, wasting no time opening the front door and holding it open for us to exit through. I walked out first, passing the other girls as they glanced up at me from their seats with expectant smiles on their faces, psychic magazines in hand. I couldn't help but notice in my peripheral vision that Lady Sage cringed back from me when I walked past her. I caught a few confused glances from the other girls just before I stepped out onto the porch into the muggy July heat. I could hear my sister and friends scrambling up out of their seats and murmuring their thanks as I waited, staring out toward the empty highway. How had she known I'd never had much of a love life? How had she known I played a lot of instruments? Those two predictions were so strangely accurate that someone before me must have told her them. Maybe I could brush her reading aside, but I'd never forget the look in her wide eyes when she had whispered, "A darkness approaches you. He is very close. Coming." I shivered involuntarily, though the air was uncomfortably thick and warm around me like an unwanted blanket. When they were all out, surrounding me and whispering amongst themselves, the door slammed and one of the girls jumped and made a surprised yip. I heard, more than saw, the Open neon sign in the window flicker and die as the plug was pulled. "Wow, what was all that about?" asked one of Jessie's friends; I wasn't sure who. "I feel like we just got kicked out of there," muttered Jessie. "Did that seem a little rude to you guys?" Good, someone else had noticed, and they all seemed a little less drunk. I started walking toward the car, leading the way. "We definitely did just get kicked out of there," I agreed, then instantly regretted saying it. My sister and her friend Maggie almost ran to catch up with me in their high heels while the others lagged behind. "What happened?" Jessie asked. I ignored her question and asked one of my own. "Jessie, did you tell her I had never had a boyfriend?" "No!" she exclaimed, almost missing a step, then walked more quickly to catch up to me. "I never said a thing about you!" "She knew things," I said, giving her a hard look. "She knew things about all of us," Jessie said defensively. "What was she yelling about?" Maggie interjected, sounding a little too interested for my liking. "It got really quiet in there and all of the sudden it sounded like she yelled and there was a loud bang." Of course they would have heard Lady Sage yell and the chair falling, knocking over candles when she had jumped up. But I didn't want to explain. "Nothing," I lied as I unlocked the doors to my sister's Toyota 4Runner and slipped into the driver's seat. Jessie wouldn't let up. "Something happened in there," she said, sliding into the passenger seat next to me. "Tell me, Cara!" I sighed loudly to buy myself more time. If I told them how weird she had acted and that apparently some dark presence was going to come into my life, I'd never hear the end of it. Every time I saw them, it would be "Have you experienced the dark presence yet?" That wouldn't be ideal, considering I wanted to forget about it. I wanted to forget about the fear I had felt when I was in that room. "The noise was me," I said suddenly. "I thought I saw a bug." "You thought you saw a bug?" Jessie repeated with barefaced skepticism. I could feel her stare as I checked the mirrors for something else to look at, so my eyes wouldn't give away my lie. "Yes, just a bug," I said, flashing her the most innocent smile I could muster. Everyone piled in the car then, their voices low and thick with sleepiness. I glanced back to make sure they were all wearing their seat belts before I pulled out of the gravel parking lot. Jessie looked away finally, and though she didn't believe my bug excuse, I think she was too tired to care. As I pulled out of the parking spot, I felt the weight of someone's gaze on me and I took one last glance at the building. There was a finger pulling down on one of the blinds, just separating them enough for someone to peek an eye through and stare as we left. Another shiver escaped me and I drove away.