all but that doesn't mean she has the right to just tell random guys I want to date them. Who does that anyway? Even Rosalie had enough sense to stay out of it but she may have felt just a little bit guilty for Emmett's part in my earlier mishap. So I'm sorry. Really I am, I hope that you understand. I feel pretty bad about the whole thing. I hope we can still be friends…..oh wait, I didn't mean that…. Shit that came out wrong. It's just, well, we weren't friends before so it's not like we'd be missing much. Fuck…. Sorry I'm sure you're a great friend but I don't think that would be a good idea for us, so again I'm sorry I hope I haven't offended you." Silence….Wow I really need to stop drunk calling people. I think I've just made this worse. Shit. What do I do? I start to say something else when I hear him. "So this is all Fucking Emmett's fault then?" he sounded amused. "Yes!...Wait… No, not entirely." "But he was the one that caused your bad day though right?" "Yes that was his entire fault…mostly." He chuckled. "So what exactly did Emmett do? I think you said something about him borrowing your car?" "Yes, last night he borrowed my truck to finish moving the rest of his stuff to Rosalie's." "Okay I'm with you so far." "Well so then, I didn't hear my alarm clock this morning and so I was running late for work and I had an important meeting to get to." "Uh-huh." "So traffic's at a stand still I'm in the middle lane and I notice my gas light is on." "I think I can see where this is going." "Yeah so I run out, my truck dies a minute before traffic starts moving and then, the jackass behind me…..even though he did help stop traffic in the other lane…..didn't even bother to help me push it over to the shoulder." "Asshole." "I know!" "Go on." "So I have to walk two miles to get to an exit, I get to the top of the off ramp and spot a gas station." "Okay, so at least your luck started to turn around." "Yeah, you'd think that wouldn't you, but no. They don't have any gas cans." "No gas cans at a gas station?" "That's what I thought too." "So what did you do then?" "Well I spotted a Walmart sign and 23 blocks later I get there." "23 huh?" "Yep, I counted because I was sure it was closer than that. So anyways I get back to the gas station and fill up my gas can which by the way was pretty fucking heavy, and walked the two miles back to 'The thing'. "The thing?" "Yeah, that's what my dad named my truck." "Okay." "I make it back and I couldn't get the gas cap off cause my hands were too slippery." "You didn't get gas on them by any chance did you?" "Yeah how'd you know?" "Lucky guess." "So I can't find anything to wipe by hands off on so I had to use my blouse, my white blouse to get the cap off." "Not good." "So I'm over an hour late for work, miss my meeting and then Jessica gets to be in charge of the project since I missed out." "Wow you did have a bad day." "Hence the need for my drinking tonight." "So where does Alice get in on this bad day of yours?" "Fucking Alice decides that I need a man in my life and so she tells any man that will listen that I am single and readily available even when I tell her not to." "So I take it this has happened before?" "Yes, ever since she met Jasper." "Jasper? Not Fucking Jasper?" "No, just Jasper, it's impossible to get mad at him. He's so laid back and easy going. The exact opposite of Fucking Alice." "Okay so she met Just Jasper and she decided it was time for you to get a man of your own?" "Yeah, I mean her hearts in the right place, she just wants me to be as happy as she and Jasper are and Emmett and Rosalie but she really needs to stop. She even had the nerve to come to my office and encourage Jake even after I warned her of his obsession with me." "That doesn't sound good." "I'm glad you see it my way." "I do." He said and I looked up at the clock. "Wow, I had no idea it was so late I better get to bed. Thanks for listening Mike and I'm really sorry about everything." "My name isn't Mike." "Oh,…..wait, what?" "My name is Edward, not Mike." "Oh, are you one of his friends? Were you at the bar?" "No on both accounts." "So why did you answer Mike's phone?" "This is my phone, not Mike's." "Shit, this isn't…. 555-1296?" "Nope, this is 555-1269." "Fuuuuuck." "So are you going to call Mike now?" He asked while laughing. "Damn it. Yeah I guess so. I hope he's as understanding as you." "I hope so too." "Well, sorry I bothered you Edward." "No bother at all." "Well um, bye." "Goodnight Bella." What the hell just happened? I hung up and dialed Mike this time. It rang once before he answered. "Did you actually mean to call me or were you just trying to get a hold of Mike again?" "Shit, I'm so sorry. I think I must be dyslexic or something. Maybe it's better if I just go to bed. I won't try Mike again until tomorrow that way I can let you get some sleep." He laughed again. "It's okay, really I don't mind." "Goodnight Edward." "Goodnight Bella… I'll talk to you tomorrow." "What?" "You know, when you try and call Mike again." "Ha ha." I said as I laid down in bed and fell asleep immediately.