his lap and released her. "Goodnight Bella, I'll see you in the morning." She gave him a nod and headed up the stairs. Once she got into the room she pulled out her sweats and a tank top and headed into the bathroom to do her nightly routine once she had changed into her bed clothes and had brushed out her hair, she headed back to the bedroom and curled up in the middle of the bed wrapping the comforter around her small frame, hoping to drift into a dreamless sleep she closed her eyes. The events of the day had been both mentally and emotionally draining and she was exhausted. It didn't take long before she succumbed to sleep. Her hopes of a dreamless sleep were dashed when the dreams began to replay for her yet again. It started with Edward leading her deep in the woods and ripping out her heart and crushing her soul, then leaving her there in the woods, the place he said was wrought with dangers worse then him. Then the dream changed Edward was gone and now Laurent was hovering above her, preparing to lunge, then the wolves surrounded her, and finally Victoria appeared biting her over and over. Then finally darkness, but the darkness was worse, the darkness was the absence of the family that said they cared and then left her to fend for herself in a world of creatures she had no chance of fighting or surviving. Like most nights she began to scream, loud piercing screams tore through her throat. Jasper had been in his study working through all that he had learned and reading one of his favorite civil war books, when he heard her screams, he was up and in her room in less then a second but as the moonlight hit her bared skin, he stopped in his tracks as his eyes took in her scars. Healed cuts and bite marks covered her slender arms. She had kicked off the comforter in her sleep and her tank top had risen exposing a part of her stomach, he saw what looked like claw marks marring her porcelain skin. The scars did not distract from her beauty instead they added a strength to it. She was so much stronger then she realized and so beautiful, with her dark mahogany hair surrounding her face, her lips full as her mouth made a small oh, then another scream tore from her and he was instantly next to her pulling her close; wrapping his arms around her. He rocked her gently while making quiet shushing sounds. "Bella," he crooned softly, "You're ok Darlin, I'm right here. You're ok, you're safe. I promise you no harm will come to you." He continued to rock her while sending out calm and lethargy pulling her down into a deeper dreamless calming and healing sleep. He held her the rest of the night keeping her in a dreamless state of much needed rest. He now understood the dark circles under her eyes, if this is what her sleep had consisted of, night terrors that had her screaming in the night, it was a wonder she was able to function at all. He knew what he would have to do in the morning and he knew she was not going to like it and would argue against it. But the fact was, she needed a doctor and the only one that would understand where her scars came from would be Carlisle. He wasn't sure how she would react to him telling her he would need to call the family. The night of her party him and Alice had gone to Alaska, he was so ashamed of himself. He loved her, but yet he had tried to bite and drain her. How could he do something like that to someone he cared about, he had told her at one time she was worth them fighting for her, and he still felt that way. He had heard that after the "attack" she had told Edward that she couldn't be around them anymore, she wasn't able to deal with the possibility of dying on any given day. She was hurting too many by being around vampires. She was causing Jasper pain by being in their lives; as much as she loved them it was just to difficult to continue on the way they were. So she wanted to continue her human life, therefore she asked that they leave. That was the story he was told, but he never actually saw Edward so had no idea if the story was true or not. The ones who told him felt no deception so they thought it was true. Carlisle and Alice being the two that had told him. Alice had not seen anything as it was not a thought out decision. It was a moments thought put into words. And Jasper knew if Bella didn't want Alice to see she knew how to work around Alice's gift. Just like his gift only worked to an extent. She was able to shove it away if it was unwanted, She proved that in Phoenix, but she was also able to block him when she so chose to. He knew she was selfless and would no doubt cause herself pain in order to save someone else from pain. But the more he thought about what she had said today and how she had acted, he started to seriously doubt the story he was told. He wanted to know what actually happened after her birthday. What had he actually caused. His thoughts circled in his head the rest of the night as he held her sleeping in his arms. Keeping her in a deep sleep and calm the rest of the night and in to mid morning. At around ten am he started to slowly pull back the lethargy, till his manipulation was completely gone, then he waited for her to wake on her own.