like a thirty year old man in a twenty-one year old's body," he finished, giving me a weary smile. I couldn't help but to feel guilty at my brother's short comings. And even as he confessed to me, I still didn't know the stranger to my left. I didn't know if it was a warning or a sign. He was staring so intently at his daughter, watching as she scuffed her heels on the floor periodically. He watched the mother of his child interact with her daughter, although the signs of stress were evident, she didn't let it show in front of her daughter. There was a loud beeping coming from inside the room and I panicked. I ran into the room. I stopped before I reached the bed. And I watched the horrific scene before me. I watched, immobile as my mother flatlined. My eyes enlarged. I was in shock. Everything moved in slow motion. I watched as Aleah screamed and was rushed out of the room by her mother; Carmen. Billy Black sat straight as a board in his chair and tears instantly flooded his eyes. I saw the nurses come in and unplug the life support. Emily sobbing in the crook of Sam's neck. Dr. Cullen running in and trying to console a discombobulated Seth. It was chaos. I watched as Emily shouted at Dr. Cullen to help bring her back. Rachel trying to keep her own tears at bay and console her father for losing, yet, another one of his closet friends. I was mute. I was stuck; rooted to the floor. And then it sank; my stomach. I felt it. I felt the loss of losing my mother. I screamed and pulled my hair. My mom, my beautiful mother was no longer here. It's crazy to think that she was just breathing five minutes ago. Her body was here, but she wasn't. It was unfathomable to think of. I cried, and cried, and cried, and cried. It was as if my life was flashing before my eyes like a drive-in movie. I couldn't stop the onslaught of misery that filled my lungs, my brain, my stomach, my heart. I backed up until I was met with the cool surface of the wall and slid ungracefully. I brought my knees to my chest and I wallowed in my misery in the corner of the room. Watching the chaos. I looked up at the ceiling, searching for God. I prayed for the very first time. But, the sky was empty. "Even death has a heart." Markus Zusak I sat in the furthest corner of the hospital's meditation room staring at the wooden cross perched on the wall. I felt numb. My eyes stung from crying too much and my cheeks were puffy from excessively scrubbing the tears away. I heard the door creak open and I heard the heavy footsteps of someone approaching. I didn't bother to acknowledge them. They stopped before me. I could see a hint of their black shoes from the corner of my eye. The person slid down next to me and he didn't have to say a word. I already knew who he was. His musky, earthy scent engulfed me. Made a warm cot to lay my tired body on and inhale him. I wanted to fall into a sea of him. Burn my lungs, just once more. Some part of me wonders what could have been, given another chance. But a small nagging in the back of my mind taunts me. It would have ended the same way. We were doomed from the beginning. There was too much oxygen. He didn't say anything, but his presence was overpowering. He laid his head against the wall and sighed. His hot breath melting the atmosphere, filling it with his essence. We sat in silence, the dead language of two former lovers. He turned his head so he was facing me. I could feel his stare piercing through me. Burning holes in my body, making my skin crawl with a mixed sensation of satisfaction and uncomfortableness. Jacob crossed his arms over his chest and I couldn't help to wonder what he does with his arms now that they aren't around me. What did he do with the empty space between he and I? Staring off, Jacob shifted beside me and spoke a soft tone, soft enough for me to hear, but not loud enough to disturb the silence. "Do you ever think about death?" I turned to him. I watched his every move. Watched as he continued to stare off into space. The way his eyelashes batted.. The twitch of his jaw. The way his fingers rubbed against each other, the undeniable search for something in his hollow eyes. I sighed. I turned back to stare at the cross. How wonderful it would be to lie down and just sleep with beautiful green grass above your head and flowers to decorate your bed. Who would turn that down? What's the point of living if we're all going to die in the end? Living just to die. How pitiful. What a waste of space. "All I know is, that to die, would be an awfully big adventure." "...It's human nature broken down to its bare bones, no bull, just rock bottom honest feelings and desire. No trying to be nice, shy, or respectable, it's all about the 'evil' thing inside of us that is really not evil all, it's just there and always be inside of us all." Vic Fuentes Author's Note: Well, there you have it! The very first chapter of Europa. I hope it was semi enjoyable and you got to see a few things. I hope it was to your liking. Chapters will probably be every two weeks, since it's my senior year and I'm going back to school pretty soon, but the entire story is planned out. It just needs to be written. Again, I hope you liked it. (: .