about the Volturi all over again, if they weren't too busy experimenting with their new human/hybrid toys. She had spent her whole life terrified they would come back, that they would take her.. Would they? She and her family had known that one day the Volturi would have to be taken down, their powerful rein becoming a masochistic hierarchy of control. Eventually they had to be overturned. Did they expect her to put her life on hold for that? To wait maybe thousands of years to be allowed to have a future? To wait until Carlisle developed answers, or some form of birth-control that could actually stop super-humans from mating. She laughed at the thought. "It's not that I don't think about the implications," She turned towards her aunt, taking her perfectly manicured hands in her own. "It's that it is all so tempting. I want Jacob, I want our future.. I want our family. I want it all Rosalie, and it is so unfair to come at such a high cost. You can't tell me, even with the risk, that if you and Emmett had this chance you wouldn't take it." Rosalie seemed to think about this for a moment, "I would want to take it, honestly with all my heart though, If my parent's were here... I could never do that, even to my own cruel ones. You're my family, and we all love you so dearly. I just want you to think about what that means for us." That was a low ball even for Rosalie. She left the room and Renesmee slowly sunk into her chair, desperately looking for a way out of this nightmare. It clicked inside of her all the sudden. She felt terribly alone. She spent the rest of the evening desperately wanting Jake. Jake strode towards the house, pacing angrily. He had finally had the chance to speak with Edward, after almost three days of stewing in his own rage. "Jacob.." Edward sighed wearily, sensing Jacob's anger before he even had a chance to form a coherent thought. "What could have possibly made you think you had the right? Don't you think people were just as apprehensive about Bella and you sleeping together? You know Nessie wouldn't exist if anyone had done this to you. How the hell could you... I don't even know what to say, the urge to rip your head off is starting to feel like the right thing to do." Despite Jacob's rage Edward knew he wouldn't actually harm him, it would cause Renesmee pain. Therefore it was totally of limits for him. He wondered if now that Jacob knew he could hurt Ness by sleeping with her, he wouldn't want to anymore. "I owe you apology, but only for lying to you. Not for protecting my daughter." "Protecting her from what? From me? Have any of you even paused to consider if you told me I wouldn't have let it happen?" "We did consider it. I, however, have seen inside your brain, I know how your instincts work. Part of the reason she's your imprint is because she's strong and fast. Your drive, your whole being, is wired to... Mate with her." "And what you think I can't control myself?" Jacob seethed, "I'm pretty sure you're aware of this but if I need to remind you I am an alpha wolf, I am capable of controlling my shifts, which most can only dream of. I can control myself." "Yes, I agree you can control yourself.. But I've also seen inside my daughters head. As much as you want to control yourself," Edward chuckled, eyes distantly seeing some memory of his little human Bella. "she can convince you otherwise. Trust me." Jacob had trusted Edward, for years now they had a truce over the lovely girl that stole both their hearts. He had been to battle with Edward, he had witnessed his daughter turn into the women she is today, He had watched him take care of Bella and Charlie. Hell, It was Edward that had made the funeral arrangements for his father. "You have broken any trust we had." Jacob gritted, walking past the cold man and into the house. As if calling to him he heard Renesmee's heart beat, her scent leading him to the bedroom that had become his. He strode in without pausing, her small form curled into the bed. She had been crying again. He slowly crawled beside her and kissed her head. Shushing and rocking her slowly, she relaxed into him. Her soft hair tumbling over her face as she rolled to face him. "I missed you." She sighed, as he gently brushed away her locks. His thumb traced her lips in soft circles. "I'm sorry, It was important. If I hadn't done it today someone might have finally tried to track me down." He chuckled. "I understand." She nodded into the dark, her eyes adjusting perfectly to the dim room. She could make out every detail of his face. He kissed her forehead."Stay with me." "I'm not going anywhere. I promise." He stroked her cheek. Everything they were feeling seemed to wave off of them, emotions flooding the small space between them. It was anger that was being barely contained and largely unspecified towards any one person. The anxiety of the future, the confusion, mostly the desperation clung between them. Desperation for an out, desperation for answers and solutions. Desperation for each other. Renesmee, feeling like she couldn't breath and need air, pressed her lips to his, closing any metaphoric or physical space between them. "I will never let anything happen to you" He whispered as they fell asleep. "I promise you, never" A/n: so as many of my long term fans may have noticed, I did a extensive chapter re-write! Temptation will now be coming out in installments! About 6-8 Chapters about 15,000+ words each! Thank you for your patience with me as a first time writer, reviews greatly appreciated!