my breasts. Rosalie makes quick work of the bra and then her lips are on my nipples. Sucking hard, licking, blowing. I am so wet; I've never been this wet in my entire life. She alternates between using her mouth and her hands. Her hands that are now squeezing, pushing my breasts together so that she can get more of them in her mouth. It feels so good that I think I'm gonna die. "You're so gorgeous Bella," she tells me. Her tongue is now swirling around my belly button. Dipping in and out. So close yet so far away. Finally she drags my panties down with her teeth and I've never experienced something quite so erotic. Her hands spread my legs as wide as they can go and I feel so incredibly exposed. I'm so glad I went for my wax with Angela last week. Rosalie's arms hook underneath my legs and her hands splay flat on my abdomen, holding me still as she lowers her mouth to my centre. I cry out the minute her tongue touches me there. She flicks my clitoris a few times before licking the entire length of my slit. She practically devours me and I am a writhing, moaning, needy mess. My hips buck but she has them held in place. Her tongue is relentless and she is now sucking my clit softly. It's so sexy. Her eyes flicker up to my own as she licks me. Her tongue feels so amazing, I'm practically crying. Nothing has ever felt this good, ever. She's taking her time. So slow and unhurried. Unlike guys, she isn't hard and bursting to stick her dick inside me. "How do you know how to do that?" I moan, bringing my legs to lock around her head. My feet rub her shoulders and her back, it feels so nice. She doesn't answer. She sucks me harder, never breaking eye contact. My hands instinctively find my breasts and I tug at my nipples, trying to control the sensations running through my body. Soon, I feel her fingers part me and begin to probe at my entrance. I am so drenched that they just slide in. First one and then two. She pumps them in and out in time with her mouth on my clit. As soon as she curls them inside me and brushes against my g spot, I collapse. My back arches and I let out a strangled cry as I feel the waves of my orgasm wash over me. It's powerful. Really powerful. I grip the sheets between my fingers before grabbing onto her hair. She doesn't stop until I've completely ridden it out. Only then does she start to kiss her way back up my body. Rosalie hovers over me again and I kiss her hard, high on adrenaline as I roll her over, pinning her beneath me. "Did I do good?" She asks, wearing a little smirk. I shake my head with a smile. "The best." She blushes and it's the most beautiful thing to see. I lean down and start to suck on her breasts. Her nipples are rock hard in my mouth and when I trail my hands down to rub her core, I feel that she's soaking wet too. The fact that this beautiful exquisite creature is so turned on by me is enthralling. She's slippery and slick as I ease my fingers inside of her. I finger Rosalie deeply, using my thumb to rub her clit. I'm still sucking on her neck and she's clinging to me, panting and moaning. I have no idea how to pleasure a girl but I find that most of it is instinctive. She's so worked up that she comes in minutes and I'm feeling like I just won the lottery when I remove my hand. I bring my fingers to my mouth experimentally to taste and I'm surprised by how good it is. Rosalie's arousal is sweet and salty at the same time and I know I want more. "What else can we do?" I ask, still straddling her. "You want more?" She asks with a big smile I nod, feeling a blush travel down the length of my body. "I want to taste you again," she confesses, colour staining her own cheeks. I moan again just thinking about her mouth on me. "Yeah," I say. "I want to taste you too." "Come here," she tugs on me and positions my body until I'm straddling her face. It's so intimate. I can't help but wonder if... And then Rosalie's mouth is back on me, her tongue probing at my entrance and I'm lost for thought again. My knees are on either side of her face and she's holding onto them tightly. I have nothing to hold onto and so I lean forward, knowing that I'm spreading myself even further. My hands land on either side of her legs and she's propped up so that I'm face to face with her own centre. I don't even think about it. Placing my mouth over her is automatic. She tastes even better from the source and I part her with my fingers until I'm sucking her clit softly. This is so much better than I ever expected. I love bringing her pleasure. I love the way she's breaking away from me momentarily because the sensations are too much. "Jeez, Bella," she moans against me. And then I feel her fingers enter me and I'm done for. I cry out, lifting my head up as my second orgasm rips through me. I have never ever had an orgasm twice in one night, and I've never had one so powerfully before. I'm usually lucky if I can get one mediocre one. This is absolutely incredible. I keep on rubbing Rosalie until she reaches her orgasm as well. When I finally roll off of her, I can't even remember my name anymore. Please review Part 2 will probably be up tomorrow xoxo