squealed. I swear she appeared out of nowhere sometimes. 'Nessie go and pick Alex up, Jacob hug Nessie' she instructed. I stiffened inside but nobody appeared to have noticed. 'Go!' She said again. I walked over and picked Alex up and Jake came and wrapped his arm firmly around my waist. The heat from his skin sunk into my bones and my knees almost went weak from just one touch. It was all over too soon and we were apart again. Others arrived later on and soon my house was absolutely filled with people and presents and food. Rachel had brought Brandon who was the same age as Alex and Emily had Mady who was two. She was pregnant with her second and she was glowing and so happy. I bet when she asked Sam for another baby he was only too happy to oblige. As was Paul. Rachel wasn't pregnant yet but she told me that they were trying. Why couldn't my husband give me that? Alex was having such a good time and he was being spoiled loads. I was so happy he was having an amazing time. He deserved everything. I cut the cake with Alex as he blew out his candles and we had to take yet another family picture. 'Oh, my baby has the cutest little family in the world' mama gushed as Jake, Alex and I posed for a photograph. After cake my dad called me over to him and asked me to take a walk with him outside. I was confused but I went with him anyway. I put on a coat and although it was cold the fresh air felt good against my skin. 'Renesmee what's wrong with you?' He asked getting straight to the point. 'What do you mean?' 'You know what I mean. You're unhappy and since I can't read your thoughts I wanted to ask you.' 'Why? You can read Jacob's, you've probably saw everything in there' I said annoyed. 'Yes I have.' He stopped short and stood to face me. 'But that's his version of events, I want to know yours.' 'Dad it's between me and Jacob.' 'I know, you know I don't like to pry into your private life but you're obviously not happy and that concerns me Renesmee. I never want you to be miserable.' 'Me and Jacob had an argument and now things are...hard between us' I sighed. 'In a marriage, you aren't always going to agree. You need to learn how to resolve these conflicts.' 'That's easy for you to say' I rolled my eyes. 'You and mama never have arguments.' He smiled a little. 'On the rare occasion we do we always resolve it. We never ignore one another.' I shrugged my shoulders. I didn't know what else to say. 'Just talk through your conflict and try to resolve the issue' he said softly to me. He pulled me to him and gave me a hug. 'I hate seeing you upset.' 'Thanks daddy.' . . . Jacob and I were left to clear up the mess after everybody had left much much later. Alex had crashed out on the couch a few hours ago and I'd left him there to sleep until I decided to put him to bed. He looked so angelic and peaceful. I'm glad my baby had a good birthday. An unexpected visitor arrived at about 10pm and I looked at Jacob quizzically. He shrugged his shoulders, he didn't know who it was either. I quickly emptied the left over cake I was holding into the trash and went to open the door. I came face to face with Rebecca Black. She had changed since that last time I had seen her, almost three years ago. After she'd found out I was pregnant she left town again and we hadn't heard from her since. Well, Billy had. She had grown her hair out and she was dressed better but she still looked as mean as ever. I couldn't understand why she was on my doorstep. 'What do you want?' I asked. How dare she just show up at my house? 'It's my nephew's third birthday. Rachel told me. I'm here to see him.' She shifted her feet and looked down when she talked to me. She couldn't even look me in the eye. Jacob came over and she looked up at him. 'Thank god you're here' she said, bypassing me and walking into my house. 'She wasn't gonna let me see him -.' She trailed off when her eyes made contact with Alex sleeping on the couch and her eyes changed a little. They became a little softer and I think a trace of a smile graced her hard features. She made to walk over to him but I beat her there. 'No way. You don't just get to show up at my house unannounced, barge past me and see my son. You couldn't be bothered to see him for three years so you don't get to see him now. Just leave' I snapped. She stared at me in disbelief and then looked over to Jacob with questioning eyes. 'You should go' he said, his face set in a hard line. 'Do you seriously let her tell you what to do?' She asked 'The next time you want to see our son Rebecca how about you call first? We can arrange a time and place but don't turn up to my house unexpectedly and treat my wife like crap. Also, what kind of time is this to come and see a toddler? He's fast asleep. Please leave, I won't ask you again.' She gave Alex a last lingering look before nodding and turning on her heels. I had the feeling that this wouldn't be the last of her. As the door shut Jacob sighed and ran his fingers through his hair. I let myself remember my conversation with daddy earlier and I braced myself before speaking. 'We need to talk.'