could be a bit tidier. Screw it; I could clean this mess in a few minutes, as soon as I've taken care of my girl. Wonder if she's too old for ice cream after this sort of thing? Always cheered her up when she was littler. Also always hear gals on TV talking about binging on Ben & Jerry's when they get mad at guys, so there's got to be some sort of magic in ice cream, right? Maybe it's one of those gender linked traits or something. Ice cream never calmed me down. Alice POV "Funny how pleasant a car ride can be without our resident 'Debbie Downer' "Rosalie mused. It was hard to disagree. Edward hadn't been happy with me lately. Who am I kidding; Edward hadn't been happy with anyone ever. Lately things just seemed a bit worse. I knew exactly what was bothering him and the problem was that he didn't. My all-knowing brother hated not knowing all. It was only due to his trust in my visions of the future & their ability to protect our family that he even listened to me today at all. Lately I'd been having visions of a girl who was, before today, completely unknown to me; visions that I'd been hiding from Edward. I knew that all of our futures rested in a very delicate balance right now & that she was the key to whatever lie in store for us. *Flashback* Jasper & I had just finished hunting and were headed back to our home on the banks of the Sol Duc River. The forests here in Washington were ideal for game of all sort & Jasper & I had just sated ourselves on a couple of large bull elk. Suddenly, the silence was broken by the ring tone that I loved to hate. " Cos I'm a model you know what I mean And I do my little turn on the catwalk Yeah on the catwalk yea on the catwalk, yeah I shake my little tush on the catwalk I'm too sexy for my cat Too sexy for my cat Poor pussy poor pussy cat I'm too sexy for my love Too sexy for my love Love's going to leave me" "Hey Pete." "Hey Shortly, how's it going? Pickin' squirrel fur out of your teeth?" "No, bull elk was on tap today. So, did you call to discuss the finer intricacies of the taste of animal blood versus human or did you just call to fuck with me?" "Well, I ALWAYS call to fuck with you, you know that Alice. But I did call to tell you that you and Major ought not head back to the casa just yet. My knowers tellin' me that somethin's gonna be flashin' through that pretty little head of yours & it is somethin' that you might want kept private. Capiche?" "Got it. Call me if your gift tells you anything else." "It ain't a gift. And I'll be speaking to you Shortly, I'm sure." "Hey- don't call me Shortly!" *End Flashback* Since then, Peter & I had worked out a system of sorts to give me a heads up so that I could get away from Edward. Any time his "knower" told him my vision would center around this lovely young brunette, he'd text me & I'd find a way to get alone. My visions showed me a wonderful girl who would change our family. She would be my best friend. If I didn't play things just right, Edward would soon profess his love for her, despite the obvious fact that she is his singer. Dumbass. Who would ever be mated to the one person that the fates had made it near impossible for them to NOT kill? Well, a masochist like Edward of course thinks he'd be the first in history. Idiot. I knew that if Edward caught a whiff of Bella at school that we would have a potential crisis on our hands. He could very easily slaughter the entire classroom in his blood induced haze. He could kill her. Or a worse fate yet, he could fall in love with her and somehow convince her that she felt the same way. So, this morning I set my plan into motion. I "had a vision" as we were all about to head towards the cars in the garage on our way to school. It's not too hard to get a spaced out look & play a "best of" killing Bella film in my mind. These visions were enough to get him to agree to stay home. We all knew what a singer was. Emmett had run across his & the poor woman never stood a chance. Edward agreed to stay home & I agreed to use some mad ninja skills to get something with Bella's smell to desensitize Edward. There were too many choices to be made & too many paths that were not yet certain. We pulled in to the garage & all trooped into the house. It soon became obvious that Esme was the only one at home. "Where is Edward?" Jasper asked. The slight flare of his nostrils & widening of his stance warned me that he was slipping close to Major Mode. As I raised my hand to rest it on Jasper's shoulder as a sign of comfort, I was pulled violently into a vision. A vision I never wanted to see come to pass. Without a backwards glance, I yelled the one thing I could before I let my own demon take over, "Swan house, NOW!" AN: Well, there you have it. That's what I've got so far. Well, what I've got so far here... There MAY be other chapters somewhere out there... Okay, I'll cut the shit - if you're interested, I have more chapters posted on betterintexasfiction dot ning dot com / My name over there is frggystyl... but since my real life name is Ellen... that's my name here. So...