and gave me a gentle three-way hug. "We're sorry Bella Bear, we tried to convince him it was a bad idea, but you know how he is." Emmett said softly. "And I also wanted to apologize for how I acted. I never hated you, far from it in fact. I always saw you as a breath of fresh air in our family. I just hated how you acted around Edward, because I knew that wasn't how you usually acted." Rosalie said softly. I only smiled and hugged them tighter. "I know that Rose. That's why I said my two favorite siblings, didn't I. I never blamed you, because I hated myself how I acted around him as well. But it is all water under the bridge now. And Emmett, of course I know you guys fought for me, but we all know it could never be enough. Fuckward is and will always be Carlisle's Golden Boy." They both smiled and stepped back a bit, leaving me face to face with the red-haired woman that had haunted my dreams for three months. "Hello Bella, I was hoping you would be willing to talk to me and let me apologize for everything." She said softly. "Of course I am, Alice explained most of it on the way here, so I am willing to hear you out." I said with a soft smile. She smiled brightly at me. "Thank you. Let me start off by saying that I never held any ill will against you, and that James was about as good at listening to people as Edward probably was. I used to see him like a brother, but over the years I realized I just never wanted to be alone anymore, and therefore went with most of his plans. Again I am sorry for that, I shouldn't have let that spiral out of control like I did, that's why Laurent and myself went away once we found out he wanted you." "I figured it was something like that, and I forgive you of course. I could see it in your eyes the first time I saw you that there was a lot of pain hidden inside of you. But you know now I want to get to know you a bit better, as well as your newfound mate. But I am curious, what did you do once you and Laurent separated yourselves from him?" I asked finally. She smiled at that. "Laurent and I went to Alaska, after warning Esme about James and his nature and she was kind enough to point us to some relatives of their that lived there. When we got there Laurent found his mate in Irina and they allowed me to live with them for a while. That only lasted for two months when I found Julian there while I was hunting. I knew from the moment I looked into his eyes that we were destined to be together, but I also told him that it could only happen if he switched to an animal diet as well, which he gladly did. A few days ago I got a call from Alice that she was going back for you and that I should come with the rest of the family." She said softly. I smiled at that, giving Alice a playful glare. "She came to you a few days ago, did she love?" I asked with a smirk. She smiled at that. "Sorry baby, I didn't see how you would react to the news so I figured it was best to play it safe." "I understand that love. I was only teasing you." I said with a wink. "Perhaps I should properly introduce myself then. My name is Julian and it is pleasure to make your acquaintance after hearing so much about you." The man next to Victoria said with a faint British accent. "Pleased to meet you too Julian. I'm sure we'll have a lot to talk about in the coming weeks." I said with a smile. He only nodded as I turned my attention to Jasper and the blonde in his arms. "Hey Jasper, how have you been?" I asked with a smile. "Hello Bella, I've been doing well, thank you for asking and I hope you'll let me apologize for what happened." He said in his true gentlemanly voice. I smiled at him. "Of course you may, but let me just say you've got nothing to apologize for. If Edward hadn't pushed me through the table, I would never have gotten hurt so bad, I noticed you seemed to be okay when I cut my finger." "I was okay to that point, but I still want to apologize to you, I never should have lost control the way I did, nor should I have ignored you the way I did during the first time we met. I heard from Alice you're quite the history buff, so I was hoping you would let me take you to a museum sometime." He said with a smile. I smiled and nodded at him, although I know he was technically bribing me. "I would love to Jasper, and congratulations on finding your mate." I said with a smile. He smiled and gave the blonde a kiss on the cheek. "I heard a lot about you Bella, I'm Kate Denali, it's nice to meet you." She said with a similar smile to my own. "It's nice to meet you too Kate. I'm sure we'll have plenty to talk about in the coming days." I said softly. She only smiled and nodded. "Now that everyone has had a chance to apologize, would you mind if we took this inside, I'm getting kind of tired by standing around for so long." I said as I molded myself in Alice's arms again. "Of course not Bella, you don't even have to ask." Esme said with a smile as she ushered me and Alice inside, the others following with smiles on their faces.