out in pain and pleasure as she feels him enter her, breaking through her virginity. He carries on lowering her, going deeper and deeper as she slides down the wall, until she feels completely filled by his length. She throws her head back and Edward takes the opportunity to kiss the smooth, soft skin of her neck. "Are you okay?" His voice deep and gentle as he whispers against her sensitive skin, making her shiver. She nods her head in reply, not trusting herself to talk because she's not just okay, she feels amazing. She even feels powerful as she looks into his lust filled eyes, knowing that lust is for her, finally. She wraps her legs tightly around him. He starts to move her slowly, up and down, every movement can be felt in her core and she feels his fingers as they gently push between their bodies and he rubs at her sensitive spot. As he lifts her back up, he catches a taut nipple in his mouth and it resonates in her as she desperately scrambles against him, wanting more but also feeling overwhelmed by every sensation. He grazes his teeth against it, sucks it in and then let's it go with a pop, before lowering her down on him again. He pulls her away from the wall gently, his hands holding her up. He lays her on the floor, handling her as though she was his most precious possession and kneels down in front of her. He looks at her flushed body, every inch is flawless, creamy skin. He lays his body over hers, his weight held on each hand on either side of her head and pushes into her again. The passion and longing to be inside of her, to feel her warmth and tightness attacks his every thought. Bella feels her toes curl up in shock and pleasure and she spreads her legs wider, seeking friction. His pelvic bone hits rhythmically against her sensitive bud and she can't help the moans that escape her lips as her body automatically bucks up to meet his, with every thrust. He leans down whilst still pumping into her and kisses her mouth, she grabs at the back of his head and pulls at his hair, desperate pleads emanate from her as he rolls her nipple between two of his long fingers. He pulls at her body and rolls them over so she's on top. Nervous embarrassment fills her as she lays there. A hint of amusement twinkles in his eyes. "Put one leg on either side of me, do whatever feels nice. Don't be shy, I want to see you ride me." She looks at his face, his gorgeous, straight nose, his beautiful eyes and that amazing mouth. His usual arrogant smirk is nowhere to be seen as she takes him in. She nods her head slowly and sits up, he slips out of her as she does. She sits up as he holds himself ready and she slowly lowers herself back onto him. She watches in fascination as his eyes roll back. A power runs through her as she moves slowly and slightly unsurely along his length. His face full of pleasure, she feels amazed as she realises that it's her that is giving him that pleasure. She places her hands on his muscular chest and moves her hips back and forth with more confidence, feeling the pleasure from her clitoris rubbing against him as she grinds herself along his length. Their eyes stay locked as she moves slowly. Bella's breasts bounce softly as she moves on top of him and Edward has never seen anything as sensual. Bella rides him with her eyes closing occasionally, the pleasure clear to see on her face. The sensual curve of her body, ending at her full ass which is moving over him. Her beautiful face with her small, delicate features, full lips and large, soulful eyes. She's always been the girl that he put on a pedestal, the one who no one else could even compare to. She is, unknowingly the most beautiful girl at school and here she is, fucking him with a torturous rhythm. He couldn't bear the idea of her having her first time with anyone but him. He grips her hips and pulls her harder and faster against him as he feels that familiar build up. Her eyes shoot open in surprise. He squeezes at her round ass, his fingers digging into her soft flesh. Bella can feel an orgasm coming from the increased friction and she wants to feel it against her nipples too. She lifts one of her hands and cups her own breast. All those erotic books that she's been reading have helped her to explore her own body and she pinches her nipple, that with the feeling of Edward stretching and filling her makes her moan. Edward can't believe his eyes as he watches her roll a nipple between her small fingers. He watches in amazement as her face fills with intense pleasure. It doesn't take long before her walls suddenly clamp onto him and they both shout out as they climax together. He carries on pulling and pushing her body as they ride out the last of it. Bella collapses against his chest, both of their bodies covered in a sheen of sweat. His smell penetrates her senses and her eyelids grow heavy. She feels sated and safe in his arms. "You have no idea how long I've wanted to do that." Bella hears his words but can only mumble in reply, every ounce of her strength and energy gone. With her only wish finally realised, she snuggles into the warmth of his chest. "Happy Birthday Bella." She doesn't see the satisfied smile that breaks across Edward's face as he gently strokes her hair. His. A/N Holy hot pockets! Hope this was hot enough for you... *fans face* Have a great day Michelle. Love to everyone else reading this!