bag and pull out my daily Nutella sandwich and apple sauce. "Well, thank God you aren't me!" Jessica retorts. "You can't even breathe the same air as him!" She viciously pulls open her bag, fishing out her bowl, which, surprisingly, hasn't spilled all over the place. I shrug, taking a bite of my sandwich. "I don't tolerate douche bags." Jessica let's out a frustrated noise. "Bella, you haven't even talked. " I open my mouth to reply, but Jessica won't have it. "Just think about it from my standpoint in this situation. Edward is the love of my life! And I'm your only" – she coughs – " best friend. And now he thinks you want to kill him in his sleep, and the fact that I'm your friend makes me off limits!" I'm not even bothered by Jessica's angry speech. I'm used to moments like this, moments where she rants – she can go on for hours. "Yeah, well, you already dated. Move on already," I say, spooning some apple sauce into my mouth. "Bella, the term getting back together exists." I study her critically. "Haven't you wondered if Edward likes Rosalie?" Jessica freezes. Then, recovering, she gets even angrier. "Rosalie?" she barks. "Rosalie Hale?" I nod, not knowing what Rosalie looks like but also knowing that her name is the topic of the gossip of about every single student in Forks. I've heard whispers about her family, her body, where all her money comes from. Adventures she's had, islands named after her. Honestly, Rosalie's probably more popular than the president in our town. Jess whips around and zeroes in on 'Rosalie'. I follow her gaze. Rosalie Hale is sitting right next to Edward, and her hands are all over him. On his shoulder, in his hair. Edward doesn't seem to be bothered by it, but I don't blame him; Rosalie's stunning. Strawberry blonde curls, bright blue eyes, flawless skin. Teenage boys would kill for a girlfriend like her. But, lucky for Edward, his genetics paved the way for the perfect girl without a fight. Jessica's face goes white. Even she knows insurmountable competition when she sees one. I turn back to my meal, but she stares at Rosalie a little longer, transfixed. Again, Jessica's not to blame – the fact is, Rosalie Hale is a model. Slowly, Jess turns back to me, looking at her Chipotle. She solemnly spoons a bit of rice and sticks it into her mouth, but her eyes are dead. I study her, waiting for a hint of rebellion. I don't have to wait long, because a spark immediately makes its way into Jess's eyes. "Edward doesn't date sluts," she says angrily, stabbing her spoon into her bowl again. "Are you looking at the shirt Rosalie is wearing?! Her neckline is so deep, it might as well be a jacket!" And, all too soon, Jess's rant picks up again, and slowly, she dissects Rosalie bit by bit, and burns every single piece. It's funny, because Jess is the one in the mini skirt and heels. However, since she's my only friend, I listen to her rush of words, adding in the right oohs and ahhs at the correct moments, nod my head every ten seconds, and stuff my face with apple sauce and Nutella sandwich so I don't have to contribute to her rage. No pain, no gain. . . . I park my truck in front of the Clearwater Diner and head inside. I enter through the back entrance, and a woman is already there, checking on all the cooks and rattling off orders. She spots me and grins, coming over to me and wrapping me up in her strong brown arms. To put it quite simply, she smells like food. "Bella, it's always a joy to see you," she murmurs, pulling back to study me. She does this every day and never gets tired of it. Neither do I. I smile back at her, pulling my apron and cap from the rack. "Busy day?" I ask, pulling on the black hat and tying the strings of the apron behind me. Her brown eyes twinkle. "Oh, you know how it is. Everyone loves our shrimp gumbo." I laugh, because it's true. The entire town flocks to the diner to get a taste of it at least once a week. I promise to catch up with Sue later and walk out of the kitchen, picking up my note pad and pen on the way. I've been waitressing for Sue since freshman year. I know this place and job like the back of my hand. Sue likes the best customer service, and she trusts me whole heartedly, so I'm the only person she has employed as a waitress. I don't know if that's smart on her half, because I don't remember any of the people when they remember me, but the entire town knows about my disorder. And, what did I say? Defected children get special treatment. Employing a face-blind person earns you even more tips. I know Sue didn't hire me because of that reason, but it's an added bonus. I'm feeling quite happy as I guide our first customer of the night to a booth; waitressing always puts be in a good mood. The smell of food cooking and the bright smiles of people looking at the menu … priceless. I belong here. I return to my post at the door, waiting for customers. It's 5 pm, so I'm not expecting a sudden rush of people. However, I'm not expecting a beautiful blonde bombshell to be entering the diner. What is this model doing here? At The Clearwaters? A girl like her would laugh off the idea of dining here, she should be at some fancy 5-star restaurant sipping champagne. But the reasoning suddenly becomes very clear – she's followed inside by the one and only, Edward Cullen. It would make my day if you could leave a review (: Thank you x