everything and more. They had went about four rounds before they both just flopped on their backs side by side. Chests heaving up and down. Sweat trailing both of their bodies and each trying to catch their breath. They sat in a comfortable silence until one of their phones made a dinging noise. He acknowledged that it was his phone and right away he knew that it was because he just got a message. He sighed and sat up to reach out for his phone that was somewhere strewn across the floor haphazardly in his jean pocket. The beautiful woman he just shared several intimate moments with still lie there comfortable with a hand across her chest and the other above her head with her eyes closed. He felt the cool metal of his phone and was almost blinded by how bright the phone screen was. Before he could even check the message, his phone started to ring. He just stared at the name that was displayed across the screen. He let it ring three times before the woman in the room spoke up. "You gonna answer that?" She quipped. He didn't look back at her, still staring at the phone as it stopped ringing and most likely went to voicemail. He sighed when he looked at the time; 3:48 AM. He ran a hand through his hair and slowly the night started to replay through his mind. He heard the woman beside him sit up and he could feel those hazel eyes that he was just boring in ten minutes ago, stare at him. He turned to look at her in all her beauty. Her hair was frazzled from having sex on the floor so many times but it framed her face beautifully and he started to think vulgar thoughts all over again. He looked back down at his phone to check his message: Where are u? It's really late and you're usually never out this late. Call me I'm worried. Sent 3:44 AM Nessie. He sighed. He should be making his way back home to her. He looked back at the russet skinned female and wished he could make this a habit. She was sitting cross legged with her chin in her hand still staring at him. She yawned. He started to gather his bearings and order an Uber to take him back to the club to get his car that he left there all the while wishing he could stay here with her for a while longer. She saw him collect his things and stood up to her feet, watching him quietly as he got all his shit together and put his clothes on. She never did bother to put her dress back on. Only if she knew how much of a distraction it was. He turned to her and she was still staring at him. He stared in those hazel eyes once more, etching them in the permeant container of his memory bank. He never wanted to forget those eyes. And he drank in the last bit of her body that he could stomach before he had enough. He didn't want to leave. He had so much more he wanted to do with her. Temptation was leading him down a dark path that he was willingly walking down. He moved closer to her and cupped her chin; just one more kiss. Just one more before he returned home to his fiancé and his comfortable life. He felt the soft kiss of her lips against his and knew he was done for. He had to meet her again. He needed more of her. "Maybe we can do this again sometime," he spoke against her lips. She smirked and he knew it was that devilish smirk of hers. "Yeah, maybe," he sighed. She broke away to start walking him out the door. He begrudgingly followed her. Dreading the moment when they have to say goodbye. He stopped at the door as she was beginning to open it to let him out. "Let me get your number so I can make sure it does happen," he said desperately, he knew he sounded like a loser but he couldn't let her slip him by. He didn't know what he was doing asking for her number, but he knew this couldn't be the last time he would ever see her again. "No," she said simply and he felt his stomach drop. With a shrug of her shoulder, she looked at him with that same bored expression she had on her face while she was at the club. "I'm not stupid, I know you got a girl. Only a girlfriend calls her man this late," she finished with a yawn while opening the door open fully to let him out. He slowly started to make his way out the door, still processing that she told him no. Before she closed the door behind him all the way, she spoke back up with that playful sass in her tone, "But if you ditch her, just go back up to the club and ask for Leah. My brother is the bouncer there so they can get you in touch with me." She finished with a gleam in her eye daring me to one day go up and ask for her. Daring me to leave my fiancé for her. And I too, toyed with the thought at that very instant. So before she could close the door for the night, I blurted out to her: "If they tell you Jacob asked about you, just know it's me." "If the moon smiled, she would resemble you. You leave the same impression of something beautiful, but annihilating." -Sylvia Plath Author's Note: Hope you guys liked this oneshot. No I won't be continuing it, I know I left it at a weird point, but that's for y'all to interpret and wonder if he really did ever go back to ask for her or not :) Happy reading folks!