be in awe and slowly placed my pretty purple bra above my head before returning his full attention to me. I was so proud of myself for being brave and baring myself for him. He cupped them gently at first; his calloused hands were the perfect contradiction to my smooth skin. His touch once again ignited a fire within me. "Such a perfect fit," he complimented before licking my lips. I moaned, and he took advantage of my parted lips. He thrust his tongue in, found mine, then squeezed my breasts. Oh, God! I'm really going to go through with this! My thoughts rushed my head, almost causing me to panic. I felt his knees push my legs apart. Suddenly, he pressed his full body weight into me and moaned. We both froze for a moment. I couldn't help but analyze and process what was happening. I wanted to remember every detail of this night for the rest of my life. That's what every girl did, right? I opened my eyes to find him watching me, as if waiting for a signal. I was panting, anxious for us to continue. Our gaze held, so he began to thrust against the apex of my thighs. I screamed. I was amazed. Fascinated even. He continued thrusting and leaned in to claim my mouth with his. I was gasping into his mouth, realizing I had to quiet down. He let go of my mouth only to move down to my breast. First, he licked my nipple, and I squealed, probably a little louder than he anticipated because his pelvis froze mid-thrust. I felt something shift between my legs. At the time, I mistakenly thought it was his hand. "Should've known you were going to be loud," he teased. Before I could ask what he meant, he sucked on my nipple—hard. I moaned, again loudly. When he bit my nipple, I couldn't help but arch my back up, which raised my breasts high in the air. He took full advantage of my involuntary reaction by letting out his own moan and opening his mouth to fit as much of my breast in as possible. He pinched my other nipple as soon as I came to rest, immediately causing me to arch my back again. There was a definite pool of moisture between my legs, and I couldn't help but roll my hips. "Yes, Bella, look at you. So responsive to me," Edward whispered as he lovingly kissed his way down to my hips. His fingertips ghosted along my panty line as I continued to roll my hips in reaction to his touch and kisses. Suddenly, he dropped to the floor and kneeled, his hands caressing my legs as he did so. Bewildered at his actions, I looked at him concerned. "Has anyone ever touched you here? Tasted you?" His voice was stern and he was back to looking at me like I was his prey. Shocked at a question to which he should've known the answer, I let my anger subside, bit my lip, and shook my head. "Good. You are mine now, Isabella. No one else will ever touch you." Speechless, I nodded. Seeing him between my legs lovingly kissing my thighs from my knees to my apex had me in a haze. I had never felt like this before: excitement tinged with fear that I could assume to be mixed as lust. I couldn't help but close my eyes as he got closer and closer to where there would be no turning back. Suddenly, his lips were pressing kisses on my underwear. I gasped in surprise and watched him through hooded eyes. His fingertip traced the moisture leaking through, causing me to tremble. Smirking, he brought his finger to his lips and licked it. Watching him close his eyes and moan stirred something within me. I began to sit up, but he sensed my movement and leaned toward me. I met his lips with my own, begging him to continue where he left off. I guided his hands to my panties, cluing him in that I wanted them off. He insisted on teasing me with his fingers, so when I finally had the chance, I slid them inside. I broke our kiss with a groan. His hand immediately stopped, and his forehead rested on my shoulder. "Oh, Bella," he panted. "Touch me, Edward," I commanded and rolled my hips. "Yes. God, you're so wet already," he whispered as he kissed his way back down my trembling form. He slowly peeled my panties from my aching core. "So beautiful, Bella." Edward licked me then, from my folds to my clit, causing my body to convulse. I lost control as he showed me love with his tongue and fingers. After several minutes, I felt like I needed to pee. Edward continued, perhaps spurred on further, as the frenzy turned into a burning and then a shocking release that left me so breathless and foggy I passed out. ~ ~ O ~ ~ Waking up some time later, I was enveloped in a blanket and Edward cocoon. Confused temporarily, I sensed I was naked and couldn't help but smile when my eyes found Edward's. As I moved to kiss him, I blushed as I remembered our activities. Our kiss was gentle and full of promise. "Bathroom?" he asked. I shyly nodded and turned away from him to wrap the sheet around me as I got out of bed. Grinning at me as I maneuvered around him, I couldn't help but notice his jeans were still on. Suddenly realizing that I hadn't reciprocated, nor had we gone all the way last night, I felt humiliated. Sensing my distress, Edward lifted my chin up. "Hey, none of that. We have the rest of our lives to show each other how we feel. One orgasm at a time. Last night was amazing, my precious Bella." At that moment, I knew he was right. We would be together forever.