Emmett, on the other hand always attempts to preserve the flagging company as a whole, sometimes he just helps the business by buying stocks and shares. He's even been known to depart with some of his wisdom, just to help. Companies tend to scramble over themselves to get Emmett's help if they find themselves struggling and that is how he's always successful. No one from Emmett's department ever wants to trade to Edward's, you can't help but fall in love with him. Not only is he absolutely gorgeous but he's kind and sweet. The two brothers may be polar opposites but they both succeed, just as well as the other. Edward's cold and hard approach is sadly quite effective. Bella really hates the thought of switching, even if it is a temporary position. The girls have spent many hours laughing at the gossip that they hear about Edward and the fact that Emmett is like a hunky angel and Edward is the devil incarnate. They've often pondered why they are so different, Bella guesses she'll find that out. The fact that she works in the metaphorical heaven and is now being switched to the underbelly of hell, doesn't escape her notice. She chews on the end of her pen as she tries to ready herself. She picks up her bag and decides to leave her personal things where they are, she doesn't plan on staying over on the dark side for long. She glances around their small office that's plastered with photos of Riley, Rose and herself. She considers taking her old, comfortable office chair that squeaks if you lean back against the head rest. She can just imagine dragging it all the way up there and the looks that she'd receive, but decides it's probably not the best idea she's ever had. She does pick up her notebook and the pen that Rose gave her, which has a picture of a fireman on it and when you tip it up, his uniform disappears. Rose is sitting at her desk again, sulking. She mumbles quietly. "Serendipity." Bella hears the word and has to snort out a laugh to herself, because it's a bit far fetched to expect this situation to be serendipitous. She narrows her eyes and puts on the poshest voice that she can muster. "The antithesis of serendipity is zemblanity." Rose raises one of her perfect eyebrows. "Swallow a thesaurus there Swan?" Rose and Bella have spent many hours with the thesaurus app on their phones, looking up antonyms for words and coming up with ridiculous sentences and phrases to use. They never know if they completely make sense but it whiles away the slow hours and gives them something to laugh about during the busy times. Finally the corners of Rose's mouth lift into a reluctant smile and it makes Bella feel happier about leaving her. "Rose, I'll see you later. Don't forget I'm covering a shift at Tooties tonight. We need the extra money this month." Rose nods her head and looks down at her entwined fingers. Bella knows that when Rose sulks, it's best to just let her be. She turns to leave. "I'll never be able to make up for what you've done for me and Riley." It's barely audible but Bella hears it, she continues to face forward as she answers. "You never have to Rose." She walks out of the doors and towards the inevitable crappy day that she knows she's about to have. The comfortable and happy atmosphere of Bella's old office is most definitely behind her and she's standing in the cold and clean marble foyer, just outside the large double doors that lead to everyone's worst nightmare. Edward Cullen. Her heels click loudly against the expensive, golden veined floor and she feels a shiver run over her skin in the cool air. The doors are dark with a red tint, the cherry wood is the only hint of warmth in the airy space and they are abnormally huge, like the president always has in movies. His ego is just as big as them, apparently. He seems to revel in his power and although Bella's never officially met him, she's heard that he likes to use it to his advantage. Bella decides that it's now or never and lifts her hand, deciding to knock loudly, in an attempt to create a good impression. Hopefully one that shows she's professional and strong, not that she feels particularly strong at this moment in time. Just before her fist can make contact with the wood, they swing open and she stumbles back, trying not to fall over. A beautiful red head walks out giggling, as she bumps into Bella, hard. She adjusts her skirt and tries to rake her fingers through her messy hair and as she looks down her nose at Bella, her smile disappears instantly. She wipes around her mouth to get rid of the ruby red lipstick that's smeared there as she walks off, glancing back behind her at Bella with narrowed eyes. Bella realises that this is definitely not boding well, it looks like the rumours are true, he is a man whore, or 'boss whore' as Rose calls him. She gulps back the expanding nerves that are faltering her movements and looks back into the room where Edward Cullen is sat behind his desk in a luxurious, dark leather office chair, with smoke billowing up and around him from his lit cigarette. His side profile is a sharp but stunning silhouette against the beautiful backdrop of the Seattle skyline, that fills the large window behind him. His well proportioned and handsome features look both breath-taking and scary. Bella feels the anxiety swarm inside her stomach, her thumping heartbeat resonates in her ears as she seriously considers the option of walking away. She has a feeling, deep down inside of her, that this decision will change her life. She's still not sure how, as she slowly raises her fist.