have been there. Sucking in a breath, Bella forced herself to open the other eyelid. This pupil was also dilated, though not to the point of the other. Just the barest sliver of green could be seen. Dredging up long abandoned medical knowledge from her suspended college days, Bella knew her son had a serious brain injury. The lack of blood around his head indicated it was a closed brain injury, but that actually made her more nervous. That meant the pressure on Jase's brain had nowhere to go. She listened again to his breathing and noted it had worsened just in the short time she had checked his pupils. It was noisier, raspier as his lungs struggled to support him. The sobs Bella had been holding in burst forward and forced a strangled oath from her lips. Rage, pain, and defeat washed over her. With no access to a phone and no FOB to unlock the doors and windows of the house, she and Jase were prisoners. She had no way of saving her son the way she wished she could. As Bella's body shuddered and shook from the force of her cries and pain, she laid her head down on the barely rising chest of her innocent son, battling against the onslaught of emotions that threatened to take over. She heard his heart stutter beneath her ear before returning to an even slower pace. It wasn't long—a minute, maybe two—when Jase's chest rose and fell for the last time. The spluttering of his heart was the only indication of a struggle his little body gave before shutting down completely. A garbled keen left Bella's throat as she listened to the silence that followed. After an unknown amount of time and copious tears, she forced her body to comply to her commands of getting on her feet and awkwardly stooped to lift her son's lifeless body from the cold, harsh floor. Dragging herself in the direction of the bathroom, Bella labored to stay upright despite Jase's slight weight. Vision blurry and reduced, her head spinning, she stumbled and lost her balance. Knowing she was going to fall and not wanting her son's already abused body to be battered any further, Bella spun herself in a half turn so that her back and head were what slammed into a nearby wall. She took the deepest breaths she could manage with her injuries to stave off the resurgence of nausea jarring her head had caused. Her legs growing weaker by the second, Bella shuffled off again and managed to reach her destination. She maneuvered around awkwardly as she started the water in the large garden tub. Once the temperature was hot enough to serve its purpose, but not hot enough to scald, she plugged the drain and watched blankly as the water began to collect. Bella gathered Jase's limp body closer to herself, stepped gingerly into the still filling tub, and managed to somehow sit down without breaking her neck or jarring her son too badly. Settling against the short wall of the tub, she clutched the little boy closer to her bosom and sought comfort from his still warm body. She stared blankly ahead—no real thoughts making themselves known—as she waited for the tub to finish filling. The stillness with which Bella sat would have caused any person to think she was as lifeless as the small boy still clenched tightly to her chest. At some invisible signal, she suddenly moved and shifted Jase to her side, squeezing him in between herself and the interior wall of the tub. Keeping an arm wrapped protectively around his small shoulders, Bella leaned forward slightly and reached for a nearby razor. Popping the plastic apart with an ease that screamed of habit, she managed to extract one of the four blades housed in the cartridge. She examined the blade's edge in the bright overhead light and made the softest of satisfied hums in the back of her throat. With no hesitation whatsoever, Bella ran the blade across the expanse of one thigh and watched as red filtered up from the wound. No more than a quarter of an inch above the first cut, she made another that resulted in more red swirling up to mix with the water. Looking to her left thigh where numerous thin, white lines could be seen, Bella made two more quick slashes to her flesh. A distant, almost removed-from-the-situation side of herself noted the sound of water hitting the tile floor over the rush of water still leaving the faucet. Bella shifted Jace's weightless form back on her lap, his head resting peacefully on her shoulder, and scooted them both deeper into the hot water. Resting her chin on top of her son's head, she submerged both arms under the water and watched lazily as her right hand used the freed razor blade to make a deep, vertical cut to her left wrist. The red that filtered into the water swirled almost majestically as the faucet continued to churn the contents of the tub. As she traded the blade from the right hand to her left, she found it difficult to keep control of that side, but not impossible. Beginning to feel increasingly tired, Bella forced her hand and made an identical vertical cut to her right wrist. The tub water was more than a little pink now. Feeling more and more sleepy, Bella clutched Jace to her chest possessively and began rocking back and forth while managing to brokenly hum some nameless tune; the water sloshing out of the tub was of no consequence. Her movements slowed against her will but without her realizing it. Vision growing hazy around the edges, Bella laid her head back against the wall of the tub and closed her eyes. She sank down even deeper into the water, her mind filling with images of a little boy with hair more copper than brown and green eyes until there was only black.