bite. Carefully, I added more salve and replaced the bandage. I went to remove my hands when Bella spoke. "Don't move them please. The coolness...it helps," she said, looking at me innocently. Nodding, I sat fully on the bed by Bella's legs, keeping my fingers wrapped around her arm. When she saw that I wasn't leaving, Bella closed her eyes, seeming to relax. After a while, I began stroking with my fingers, hoping to lessen the pain. I must have really spaced because the next thing I knew, Bella was using her free hand to feel my face. She was sitting closer than before, her eyes roaming my face. Bella was studying me, fingers pressing into my skin. It would seem that her curiosity finally got the best of her. Since she was so engrossed, that tells me that Edward hadn't let her do this. Almost ten minutes later, her eyes landed on mine. Chocolate brown and golden caramel studying the other. "You really are the most beautiful one in your family," Bella whispered. I didn't speak, just watched her. "You saved my life Rosalie and for that, I'll always be grateful to you," she continued, " hand still caressing my face. My own hands seemed to be grasping her upper arms and I didn't recall moving them. Those damned tingles were back now too. Why does Bella seem to be moving closer? Before I knew it, her lips were on mine, just the lightest of touches. Bella was giving me the option of pulling away. Always the thoughtful human. Well what the hell. We're not going back until next Sunday anyways. Might as well deal with the tingles. Mind made up, I leaned towards Bella, letting our lips fully touch. Bella gasped, her lips parting, granting me access. Not hesitating, I slipped just the tip of my tongue into Bella's parted lips. I was not disappointed, she responded almost immediately. Purring happily, I slipped my hands to her shoulders, leaning further into her. Our bodies were almost fully touching. I felt both of her hands lock into my hair, tugging in time with our battling tongues. Bella was a great kisser. Was this how she kissed Edward? That thought made me pull back a bit. "I don't think Edward would..." I started but stopped when Bella said, " Please don't bring him into this." "You're right," I said, kissing her again, quickly lying us down, with me on top. Almost immediately she was wrapped around me, her warmth surrounding me. Not too long into it, Bella began moving her hips against me. Friction, that's what she wants. Letting her lips go, I sat up, quickly removing our clothes, our eyes taking in what the other had to offer. Bella's body was quite enticing. I knew what she thought of mine when she sat up, burying her face in my chest, biting and licking it, hands roving my hips. I tossed my head back, moaning low. That's when I smelled Bella's arousal. God I can't believe I'm getting physical with my brother's girlfriend. I should stop, but I can't. I have to have her. Consequences be damned. Finding I still had usage of my arms, I gently pushed Bella down back against the bed, settling myself on top of her, thighs on either side of hers, our heat touching. Immediately, my mouth met hers, tongues toying again. Resting my hands on the headboard, Bella's on my hips, I began to move against her, the feeling most exquisite. The girl under me seemed to be enjoying it as much as I was. I never knew that sleeping with the same gender could feel this great. The sounds of us moving against each other was music to my ears. Bella's body was slightly covered in sweat, her scent being more prominent. I have to taste her. Letting her lips go free, I slid down her body, fully taking in her scent, my hands and lips touch every available inch of her. Slowly, I took my first taste of Bella, groaning at how delicious she was. Bella moaned her approval, burying her hands into my hair again. Licking again a few times, I slipped inside of Bella with my tongue, tasting the source of her goodness, my own need throbbing. Never losing contact with her center, I angled myself on her thigh, moving in time with the thrusting of my tongue. One hand on Bella's stomach, I placed the other on her chest. She was close, I could tell and I wasn't far behind. I sped up my pace, mindful to be gentle. It wasn't long until I heard Bella's screams echoing around the room, my own following. Sated, I rested myself between her legs, head on her stomach, listening to her heart. "That was...wow," Bella said, still breathless, sleep lacing her voice. "Mhm," I agreed, fingers going lazily over skin. "We're keeping this between us, right?" Bella asked. "Of course," I replied. "Good," came the response and when I looked up, Bella was asleep. Smiling, I lied back down, snuggling into her. The tingles were gone now but how were either of us supposed to to act like it never happened? We'll find a way I'm sure. Let's hope Alice didn't get a vision of this. Tomorrow, everything would be different. ~Fin~ Authors Note: so I hope you all enjoyed the first part of this one shot series. I have part two already written though I'm not sure when I'll have it typed up. And I do feel terrible that I haven't updated True Heir of Slytherin. I am honestly stuck on how to finish it. I'm going to try and work on it, but, endings are not my thing. So please bear with me on that story. Anyways, reviews make me happy, and I am interested to know as to what you guys think of this new one shot series. You all rock and I love you! Take care! T. McCoy