the word ' diazipam' printed in neat font across the small white RX sticker. OR maybe, if he had, he wouldn't know what it was for. "Thanks." I spit out, getting to my feel and shrugging quickly into my sweater, struggling a bit to shift my bag from one shoulder to the other. I really needed a new bag. I needed a smaller bag. I needed to clean out my freaking bag. "Welcome." I said simply, smirking at me a little before gesturing behind me. I turned. "Well, I'm meeting friends so." "Ya, cool. Thanks again." I nodded, feeling sillier than I had ever felt. He walked away and so did I. When I spotted Rose and Alice, they had already found Angela and claimed a table right at the front of the dining area: prime seats for viewing the little incident previously described. "Did you hook up with this guy or something and not tell us? You clearly know each other." Rose asked. Rosalie and her questions, I swear. I could feel myself blushing. "Oh, my God. No! I don't even freaking know him. I don't know what the deal is." This time, it was Alice to make me blush. "Well, I think he's cute. You should." "Should what?" "Hook up with him." she replied cashually, getting to her feet. I hushed her. "Stop." My eyes were big and serious now. "Seriously." I looked to Angela for help. "I think what Alice is trying to say..." I waited for Angela to say something wise. She was always so reasonable. I needed someone reasonable. "...is that there are a lot of-" "Beautiful men at this school." Rose finished for her, prodding me in the rib and dragging me towards the buffet. "Why should the girls who live on campus have all the fun while we just... waste away ?" The last part was said with whistful drama, her blue eyes focussing on something far away. I snorted. "It's not like any of you have anything exciting going on. Aren't you like saving yourself for marriage or something?" Alice laughed. "Rose is saving herself for marriage so long as no one who meet her standards invited her to take a roll in the hay." "Roll in the hay?" Rose asked, one perfectly manicured eyebrow raised. "Is that what the kids are calling it these days." "Fine. Fucking." "Nice." I mumbled. "Doesn't really matter." Alice continued. "'Cause, as Bella so gently pointed out, none of us are rolling around in anything." Honestly, the sex analogies were golden. "What about you, Ang?" I asked, hoping to take the spotlight off of myself. "How's Eric?" "Good." Eric and Angela had been together since sophomore year of high school. All three of us went to church together and I had known them both for a while. They were always solid, except for one teeny tiny issue: Angela had a not-so-secret thing for Mike Newton, our pastor's son. The saga of Angela and Mike was a complex one, mostly consisting of kinda-sorta almost dates and unanswered text messages, emails, etc. The word on the street was that Mike had a thing for Jessica Stanley and, since Angela and Eric had been malking marriage and engagement rings, we all assumed that this crush would continue to be an awkward but unimortant fixure in the social lives of everyone involved with Angela and Eric. They would get married and have babies and she would alway wonder a little bit what her kids would like like with blonde hair and blue eyes. "So..." Angela began, plopping a piece of pizza down onto both of our plates. Rose and Alice had wandered towards the dessert table. I made a face as she plopped mash potatoes next to the pizza on my plate. "Really, Ang?" "What?" she shrugged. "You never eat. Anyway, if you don't know that guy what's the deal. Rose and Alice said he was sitting next to you in bio this morning." I shrugged. It seemed to be the gesture of the day. "I don't know. He sat down and asked me about my sketched and I told him my name and he said 'nice to meet you'...then, I dropped that stuff and..." "And?" she prompted. "And he picked up my prescription." Angela persed her lips, looking as though she felt sorry for me. I hated that look. "So now either he just thinks I'm a klutz or he thinks I'm crazy. So it's a win-win ." Angela patted my shoulder. "Hey, watch the sarcasm. You might hurt yourself." I gave her one dry chuckle. "Speaking of which..." I checked my watch. It was almost eleven. "I gotta use the bathroom. I'll be right back, okay?" She nodded. I stopped by our table to set down my tray then headed for the ladies room. I checked the stalls. It was empty. I exhaled a breath I hadn't realised I'd been holding, trying very hard not to replay the last fifteen minuted in my mind. Tossing my bag up on the counter, I shuffled through all the crap I had shoved in their at one time or another and finally pulled out the bottle of diazepam the guy from biology had picked up off the cafeteria floor. Why was I so afraid of people knowing I had these? I got diagnosed at fourteen when I had a bad episode. They'd saddled me with a pretty significant list of psychological mumbo-jumbo and put me on suicide watch. They'd given me electroconvusive therapy to combat the clinical depression. It was a quick fix for a bigger problem. I was diagnosed with severe panic disorder and sent home with a prescription for Valium and bi-weekly visits to Dr. Vega's office for talk therapy. Angela was the only person outside my family who knew. And I wanted to keep it that way. Popping the pills in my mouth, I swallowed. I needed to feel calm. Why could I never seem to get calm?