front door of the rectory and heard Father Edward moaning. A black cat crossed in front of me and shuffled down the hallway towards his room. He must be under attack from robbers or hoodlums! How in God's name was I—a feeble, petite girl—going to fight off an intruder the heroic and mighty Father Edward could not stave off himself? I didn't want to enter the priests' quarters, but I had no choice. What else was I going to do: leave him to the mercy of miscreants? Maybe I could scare off the hoodlums without having to actually fight them, thus, giving us time to escape. As I trotted down the hallway towards his room, I gripped my broomstick like Babe Ruth clutching a baseball bat, ready to swing at the head of any intruder. Father Edward's door was slightly ajar, so I tapped it with my broomstick to open it further. I tried breathing slowly but it became labored. I could hear only the rustling of bed sheets, and pillows slamming against the walls and floor. All my limbs quivered violently as I wiggled the broomstick around in my trembling hands. "Help!" he cried again. With my broomstick raised high above my head, I burst into his room, ready to decapitate the attackers. But there were no attackers! In fact, the young priest was by himself tossing and turning in his bed. I ran to his window and scanned the courtyard but saw no sign of intruders scrambling outside. The poor thing must have had a nightmare. "Oh, God, please don't let me die," he said, his eyes closed. With the bright light of the full moon streaming in through his window, I was able to locate a washcloth. I rinsed it in a bowl of cold water and sat down next to him. I gently dabbed his forehead, cheeks, and neck—all covered in sweat. As I wiped his chiseled face dry, he began breathing easier and slower. I unbuttoned his pajama top and wiped down his moist chest and stomach. I could not believe how lean and muscular his chassis was, just like the statue of David. As I glided the damp cloth along the ridges of his body, he tenderly caressed my arms with his fingertips. It was my turn to moan! With his eyes still shut, I studied his face. It was my real first chance to really take a long, hard look at him. He finally ceased wiggling and fidgeting. By then the fireworks and canon blasts had finally subsided. If only I had a camera, I would have taken a photograph to help me remember him. Sitting so close to him, I could feel the warmth of his body radiating onto me; I wanted this moment to last forever. Then, I thought of Mother Superior and my vow of chastity. Let's blouse , I thought. I had to scram before Mother Superior stormed in and discovered me, for she would surely expel me from the order. But, something compelled me to stay and take care of the poor soul who seemed to be in such turmoil. I sat on the edge of his bed and planted my left hand by his waist to support myself from falling onto him. " Calmez-vous, Père," I whispered. "Stay calm. I am here and I will take care of you." " Merci, mademoiselle," he whispered back. "God, please have mercy on this troubled soul who needs your love right now," I prayed. Whenever I didn't know what else to do, I prayed. "Please guide him away from whatever pain or torment that is causing this nightmare. Bless him, Father, for he is one of your flock. Amen." Suddenly, Father Edward turned his body onto my hand, trapping it. His loins ensnared my hand and the weight of his rock hard bulge was crushing it. I needed to free my hand immediately, less I commit a sin of the flesh! I struggled, but I couldn't dislodge my hand no matter how hard I tried. His manhood felt so heavy in my tiny hand and was double the width of it. I needed to free my hand and scram, but I was stuck! Then, it hit me—I had to try something drastic. I squeezed his pizzle with all my might, hoping he would ease off my hand. He groaned loudly and turned onto his back. Thank God. With my hand finally free, I pulled it back as he lay there peacefully. "What have I done?" I shrieked. "I have sinned!" I had never touched a man intimately, and I was sure I had violated my oath of chastity. I ran to the sink and washed my hand repeatedly in the water basin. How stupid had I been? I needed to flee his room before the devil tempted me into committing more sins. Down the hall, I heard the hurried footsteps of a large person fast approaching. Tap, tap, tap. Oh, heavens! Mother Superior was coming! My only escape route was climbing through Father Edward's open window. As she neared, I crawled out the first story window into the rose garden. Before I dashed back towards the nun's quarters, I turned around and stared through the window. I should have already been sprinting to my room but instead, I gazed one last time at Father Edward, admiring his shirtless body as he lay peacefully on his bed. While clutching my brass candle holder, broomstick, and master key, I scrambled back to my bedroom just as Mother Superior entered his room. Thank you for reading Sins of the Sister: Genesis. The complete novel is available on the Amazon Kindle Books, Smashwords, and eventually, Barnes & Noble Nook. Please like me, Elle Doan, on Facebook, and visit the Sins of the Sister Facebook page to leave a comment and receive the latest news on upcoming novels. At the end of the summer, I will be publishing my second romance novel called Yoga Mom.