church courtyard and headed straight towards the rectory. Fireworks continued to explode and pop in the distance. Boom! Boom! Boom! Celebrants cheered and shouted with each detonation of pyrotechnics that decorated the night sky. The din was rattling my brain! As I unlocked and opened the front door of the rectory, I heard Father Edward moaning. A black cat crossed in front of me and shuffled down the hallway towards his room. Oh no! He must be under attack from some robbers or hoodlums! How in God's name was I—a feeble, petite girl—going to fight off an intruder the valiant and mighty Father Edward could not stave off himself? I really did not want to enter the priests' quarters, but I had no choice. What else was I going to do—leave him to the mercy of the wolves? Maybe I could scare off the intruders without having to actually fight them, and thus, give Father Edward and myself time to escape? As I trotted down the hallway towards his room, I gripped my broomstick like a baseball bat, ready to swing at the head of any attacker. Father Edward's door was slightly ajar, so I tapped it with my broomstick and opened it further. I tried breathing slowly but my breaths became labored. I could only hear the rustling of bed sheets and pillows slamming against the walls and floor. All my limbs were quivering violently as I wiggled the broomstick around in my trembling hands. "Help!" he cried again. Here's goes nothing! With my broomstick raised high above my head, I burst into his room, ready to decapitate his attackers! Huh? As I stood next to his bed, I glanced around and saw nobody but the young priest all by himself tossing and turning in his bed! I ran to his window and scanned the courtyard but saw no sign of any intruders scrambling outside. The poor thing was just having a nightmare! "Oh, God! Please don't let me die!" he gasped. His eyes remained shut throughout this whole time. With the bright light of the full moon streaming in through his window, I was able to locate a washcloth. I rinsed it in a bowl of cold water and sat down next to him. I gently dabbed his forehead, cheeks, and neck—all covered in sweat. As I wiped his chiseled face dry, he began breathing easier and slower. I unbuttoned his pajama top and wiped down his moist chest and stomach. I could not believe how lean and muscular his chassis was, just like the statue of David. As I glided the damp cloth along his body, he tenderly caressed my arms with his fingertips. Now, it was my turn to moan! With his eyes still shut, I studied his face; this was my real first chance to really take long hard look at him. He finally ceased wiggling and fidgeting, and lay calmly there. Thank God, the fireworks and canon blasts finally subsided outside. If only I owned a camera, I would have taken a photograph of him to help me remember him tonight. As I sat next to him, I could feel the warmth of his body radiating onto me. I wished this moment would last forever. Then, I thought Mother Superior and my vow to chastity! "Let's blouse!" I said to myself. I really needed to scram before Mother Superior stormed in here and discovered me—she would definitely expel me from the order over this! But, something inside told me I should stay longer and take care of this poor, young soul. As I sat on the edge of his bed, I planted my left hand by his waist to support myself from falling onto him. "Calmez vous, Pere (Calm down, Father)," I whispered to him. "I am here, and I will take care of you." "Merci, mademoiselle," he whispered back to me. "God, please have mercy on this troubled soul who needs your love right now," I prayed. Whenever I didn't know what else to do, I prayed. "Please guide him away from whatever pain or torment that is causing this nightmare. Bless him, Father, for he is one of your flock. Amen." Suddenly, Father Edward quickly turned over his body onto my hand, trapping it! Oh, no! His loins ensnared my hand, and the weight of his rock hard bulge was crushing it. I needed to free my hand immediately; less I commit a sin of the flesh! Help! However, I struggled for a long time but I couldn't dislodge my hand no matter how hard I tried. His manhood felt so heavy in my tiny hand—about double the width of it! I needed to free my hand and scram, but I was stuck! Then, it hit me—I had to try something drastic. I squeezed his package with all my might, hoping he would ease off it. He groined softly and turned back over onto his back! With my hand finally untangled, I pulled it back to me as he lay there peacefully. "What have I done? I have sinned!" I shrieked to myself. I have never touched a man before, and I think I might have just violated my oath of chastity! I ran over to the sink and washed my left hand repeatedly in the water basin. How stupid could I have been? I needed to escape from his room before the devil tempts me into committing more sins! Down the hall, I could hear the hurried footsteps of a large person fast approaching. Oh heavens—Mother Superior is coming! My only escape route was fleeing through Father Edward's open window. As she approached, I crawled out the first story window into the rose garden. Before I dashed back towards the nun's quarters, I turned around and peeped inside the window. I gazed one last time at him, and admired his shirtless body as he lay there peacefully. Then, I scrambled back to my bedroom just before Mother Superior entered his room.