This should be interesting. "I hate to make this so formal." He sighs. "But I have a place for you. It's at my clinic. I treat people with many different issues, and problems. And you might not notice it yet, but I think there is something else going on inside you, something that I can help you with." Is he trying to sell something to me? The clinic maybe? Or himself? "I am willing to have you come along with me, there you'll meet people, get help for yourself and you won't be spending the rest of your life in a cell only to be let out a few hours a day. If that. And I promise the food is much nicer than what you might have to get used to." He can't be serious. I've murdered people, how can it get any simpler than that. I just snapped and killed my parents, there is nothing else going on inside of me, and I most definitely don't want to go with him to his 'clinic'. I don't have problems or issues, and even if I did I don't want him to fix them. I'm fine just the way I am. He can fuck off. I glare at Carlisle. I really want to know what he's thinking. His face is so closed off, even his eyes are showing next to nothing. He pinches the bridge of his nose and closes his eyes briefly. "And why the fuck would I want your help?" I ask not to nicely. He looks at me. The men at his side take a step towards the table, or to me as if I'm going to chew his head off. That would be disgusting. Knives are much cleaner, and I'd get bits stuck in between my teeth. He lets out a long breathe and I nearly tell him to hurry the bloody hell up, but he speaks very soon after I think that as if he read my mind. "Because it's the only time anyone is ever going to offer you it again. This is your last chance." I test out my freedom of my arms. They don't budge. Fuck. I groan and slam my forehead on the table. He's right. I can either go with him, or rot in a room for the rest of my life. At this moment the cell is starting to sound wonderful. No people and all the alone time I want. But alone time means me and my fucking thoughts. And only them. I lean back awkwardly in the chair as much as I can without putting too much pressure on my arms, and stare at Carlisle. He seems pretty genuine in his offer, but I have no idea where this clinic is, what's going to happen there, or how long I'll be there for. I groan and look back at the table. "This is the only time you'll offer, correct?" I say through gritted teeth. He nods and reclines back in his chair and crosses his legs. "Then I guess I have no choice but to go with you." The corners of his lips quirk up and I clench my hands into fist. "Excellent. Everything has already been arranged and the transport is already sorted. Men let her go and Bella come with me." I stand up and kick the chair back in the process. It clatters on the floor and everyone is alert at the bang. "Uh...Carlisle, should I go?" I chuckle. I completely forgot about Brian. He now has a bandage on his chin and a black eye. I smirk and walk around the table to stand next to Carlisle. He's taller than me, my head just about clears his shoulder. I blink a couple times and wonder why this man is not scared of me, nearly every other person I've met or even seen has been a bit frightened. Just what is he going to do to me at the clinic? "With us?" Brian nods. Carlisle smiles at him. "Sure." Great. "Come on, we don't have much longer." He turns around and walks out the room. I look at Buck and grumpy and smirk. Buck chuckles harshly and Grumpy just stares at me as I slowly walk backwards. "Bella come on, hurry up." I groan and turn around in a huff. Carlisle chuckles and I glare at the back of his head, hoping to somehow blow it up. Not likely to happen but it's a nice though to have as I walk. It keeps my mind occupied. "We can I getting these off?" I ask once we're outside. His small army made sure that I didn't hurt him on my out of the building. All of them were close to me and surrounding me all of the time. Not letting me slow down or speed up. The man in question turns back as he opens a car door. "When you get to your room." I groan. The back of the car is opened. And I step inside. The back is caged off from the front by several layers of glass and wire. I smirk. Maybe they really are scared after all. I take a seat. Four of his 'friends' join me. I have one sit next to me and the other three across from me. "So Carlisle, Am I going to get my own room?" He chuckles and we take off. I frown. I wasn't kidding, I really want my own room. An another story for you. I know it might seem a bit crazy to upload so many at a time but these ideas keep hitting me and I would really love to know what you think of them. In this story Bella's going to be a bit different and so is Alice, but I hope you like it all the same. Feedback is welcome, and if you want to PM me about anything, go right ahead. Thanks for reading, see you next time :) Lia