to the day shift." He started. Then he pointed to the first guy and said, "This is Embry." We nodded at each other. "This is Sam." He said pointing to the other guy in the room. He just looked at me starring at me with anger. I just nodded again his way. Then Jacob whispered into my ear, "Don't worry about him; he just has some issues." Then I got another slap on the back. I winched; that was going to get old and quick. We headed out of the office and I watched at Embry and Sam went upstairs. "They are going to the men's floor. We will take the woman's floor." Jacob said. I nodded in agreement. I started thinking though that I wasn't sure how I felt about guarding the woman's floor. I thought I would be handling the men but I guess I should have expected it since I am working at a co-ed prison. My thoughts were interrupted again my Jacob. "Don't under estimate these women Eddie. They are some tough cookies." He said. I huffed under my breath. "Could you please call me Edward? Thank you." I told him not really asking. His smile dropped off his face and nodded and he apologized. We walked down the stairs and had to scan our id's threw the scanner to get into the ward. Once the steel metal doors opened the noise filled the air. There was screaming, crying, talking and more. Once Jacob walked through those doors he turned into another man it seemed. He slammed his night stick against one of the metal bars. The noise quieted down a bit. Jacob then gave me a tour of the floor. He showed me where the bathrooms, showers, and a room that was full of magazines, books and some crafts. He told me they got those things when they were good. Then he went on to show me the three different parts of the actual cells. There were cells for prisoners that were in there for minor things and major things. Then there was a section for solitary confinement. Those cells were used for when a prisoner broke the rules or they were running out of room in the other cells or when a prisoner was going to harm herself. After the tour Jacob went over the prisoner list with me; telling me who everyone was and what they were in there for. Just as he was getting to the bottom of the list he eyes grew wide and he moaned. "Ooo, we are getting a new one today." He started out saying. I looked at him to continue. "Her name is Isabella Swan. She was charged with first degree murder." Those words sent chills down my spine. I met lots of male prisoners that have had killed but never a female. "When is she arriving?" I asked. Jacob then told me any minute. He continued to tell me how this prison likes to have there intakes first thing in the morning and any releases last thing in the evening; that way there is no confusion. Just as he was finishing explaining an intake to me we heard the buzzer go off for the intake door. Jacob and I walked over to the door where we met two other male guards were holding Isabella Swan. My first look at her was one of confusion. She did not look like a killer but then again I have met some gentle old men that look like they couldn't even walk and they committed the most horrible crimes I have heard off. Jacob talked over with the other guards about the charges and how she was with the transfer and then he took on of her arms in his hand and instructed me to do the same with her other arm. The other two guards left and we started walking to the end of the hall. "She will be going in the solitary confinement." Jacob said. I nodded with acknowledgement. As we walked holding her arms she walked with her head hanging low. Her long brown hair was draped over her shoulders and covering part of her face. She was short and petite. Whoever she killed must have either been extremely small or extremely stupid. Once we were at the end of the hall we turned and faced the cell. Jacob looked up to a booth were a guard sat with a bunch of buttons surrounding him. Jacob nodded and then there was another buzzer sound. The door to the cell opened. We walked Isabella into her cell and told her to stand still until the door shut. Then she was to back up to the door and place her wrists through the slot so we could un-cuff her. We backed out of the cell and she didn't move. I could hear something that sounded like sobbing. Was she crying? Jacob looked at the guard again and nodded. The buzzer went off and the door shut. Then Isabella backed up and placed her wrists through the slot in the door. Jacob asked me if I wanted to remove the cuffs. I nodded and took my keys out. I un-locked the cuffs and took them off her wrists. Her wrists had indentations of the cuffs. I watched as she pulled her arms back in and rubbed her aching wrists. Jacob then slapped me on the back and told me, "Great job." I grunted under my breath. Jacob said we needed to file the paper work for her intake and asked if I wanted to do it. Again I nodded in agreement because I needed to get as hands on as I could. As I was sitting at the small metal desk on the hard metal chair filling out the paper work the visual of Isabella Swan was burning in my head. There was something, I'm not sure what, but there was something about her and I needed to know more.