created by blood transfusion. The pledges work for the royal class, who are vampires that have been bred and born. Our society is systematic and designed to keep the night-world a secret from human society. Many millennias ago the two worlds tried to mix and it ended in a wave of destruction and turmoil. Now, vampires live to themselves. In a world far away from humans. The humans who do know of their existence have held this knowledge for generations and have passed it down their bloodlines. The reason why I grew up with Masen is because my father is the pledge for the Cullen family. My ancestors have been their pledges since the beginning of time, and I will be Edward's pledge when he takes the throne as the heir. For the first fifteen years of the royal's lives, they are kept at the Royal Court, where they are prepped on their history and taught royal etiquette. Then they spend four years at Sunset Academy, preparing to take their roles as head of the Royal Court. Every one-hundred years, a new heir takes the throne, and the Royal Court is filled with new appointees. There are seven royal families in total, with the Cullen family being the most pure. Each royal family create two offspring during the breeding season: a first born boy and a second born girl. There are always supposed to be fourteen pureblood candidates for the Royal Court. The Cullen family however, created three offspring during the last breeding season. It's the first time this has ever happened in our history. It jump-started a debacle among the other royal families, which is why the King and Queen decided to keep one son in the pledge chamber during his childhood, while the other took his rightful place at the Royal Court. Therefore, initiating the strain in their family linage. My father ignores my pleas and he ignores Masen. He waltzes past the both of us, taking a position in the center of the room. "I've learned not to pay attention to anything Masen says, Bella." I watch him with appraisal as he rolls his eyes at Masen's messy dorm. He scoffs at the unmade bed and clothes scattered all over the floor. The last thing his eyes land on is Edward. He gives him a look of exasperation and annoyance, judging his stoic nature and poised demeanor. "I see you've finally found time in your busy schedule to check on your brother." My father does not like Edward. He's actually the only person who favors Masen, but I think that's because he has a soft spot for Masen. It may also be because he thinks the royals are corrupt, and since Edward's on the path to becoming a spitting image of them, he thinks Edward is corrupt too. "I've started to hear news about my twin around the academy." Edward explains himself politely, keeping his threat underneath his voice. "He has frightened many people by not coming to class." My father peers at Masen with apprehension. "They think you've reached delirium again." My fear has become unparalleled at this point. Delirium is a term that vampires use to describe their kind when they've lost control of themselves. It's when they go into a frenzy that takes complete control of their actions. They are no longer a rational, thinking being. The only thing their mind can revolve around is blood, and they become a serious danger to humans and other vampires. It has never happened to a pure blood vampire, only the ones who are created. A while back Masen reached delirium. It was during one of those spells when he'd tried starving himself. He's lucky he hadn't been executed, which is usually the fate of delirium entrants. Somehow, he was able to regain his mind but everyone has been waiting for him to relapse. I don't think the King and Queen would be too bothered if Masen wasn't around anymore to make a spectacle out of their family name. "So, that's why the council has moved the 100 Year Gala to the end of the week?" I wonder, recalling the disturbing information I'd heard from the night-class. "They want to check up on things, huh?" Or more importantly … Check up on Masen's state. A grimace covers Masen's face and he pushes himself away from the wall. "I'll just run away." "No!" I cry, following him over to the window. "You can't do that, Masen. You know the council is tired of you. They just want a reason to classify you as rogue." Being classified as rogue is another thing that warrants execution. The night-world society is adamant on keeping their existence safe. No one who is born or brought into this world is allowed to leave. I turn my head towards the more level-headed twin, praying that he can get Masen out of this predicament. "Edward, you'll take care of this won't you?" "Don't worry about my brother, Bella." His voice is confident with reassurance. He walks over to my father, prompting Masen to turn and look as well. "Dean Swan, can you make sure Masen attends class for the remainder of this week? Also, assign him to feeder duty so the royals can see him during the night." "I don't..." "Shut up, Masen." I say sternly, daring him to disrupt Edward's orders. "And the seating chart for the gala, make sure Masen has the spot next to our parents." My father bows sarcastically, offering Edward the lesser of his attention. "Yes, your highness." His rudeness does not seem to affect Edward. He simply nods his head in respect. Edward turns towards the door and prepares to take his leave. When he steps into the hallway, I finally release the breath I've been holding. "Have a good evening, Bella." He says, causing my head to snap into focus. He sends me a chivalrous smile from the hallway, stealing my breath once again. "I'll see you soon."