coming home and even tried to think of reasons to drop by to see her," teased Daniel. Drew stood up and playfully glared at his brother. "Oh yea, well at least I am not in love with my teacher from high school," taunted Drew. He was ready to phase when he saw Daniel make it to his feet and the two boys phased into wolf form to wrestle and horse around as the others laughed. "Daniel has a thing for older women," teased Evan. "You are one to talk. I see how you look at the lunch lady in the cafeteria," joked Owen and the boys phased as well. Soon all of the pack phased and were crashing into each other to see who was the most dominant. Zach nodded over to Josh. "Why don't you go join them," urged Zach, but Josh shook his head. "Eating," mumbled Josh with his mouth full and Zach chuckled at his friend. The boys stayed at the bonfire for several hours before Josh and Zach headed home. They were halfway there before Zach asked the question on his mind since he found out about Drew and Allie. "Would it matter to you if you found someone, but didn't imprint? Drew says he has liked Allie since he was a kid so I guess to him it doesn't matter, but would you be disappointed," asked Zach. Josh was silent as he thought about it for a moment. "I don't know. I guess a part of me never wants to imprint. I think about it a lot and even if I do imprint, it doesn't mean I have to be with that person forever. Look at my dad and Renesmee. Maybe it would just be better if I never imprinted and had more of a choice for myself. I get what you are saying, but what about if I find someone that I love, someone that I choose for myself, and then I imprint on somebody else? I think that scares me more than not imprinting at all." "I didn't really think about it like that." "Maybe that is why I was so quick to date and be with Nina. I liked the idea of choosing her to go out with." "That's true. Man, I can't believe Sam is okay with Drew dating Allie." "Me too and I agree with Daniel. That is actually kind of weird. All Sam has to do is phase when Drew is in wolf form and hear all Drew's thoughts about Allie." "Yea, totally not the ideal situation," laughed Josh. Sam was sitting on the back porch of his house listening to music and sipping a beer as he relaxed in a lawn chair. He grinned when he heard the backdoor open and Emily walked outside to join him. She sat down on his lap and he chuckled as she took a swig of his beer. "My favorite kind of beer," she giggled and he winked at her. "Your favorite kind of beer is one that is mine." "Pretty much," she teased back. "Where is Allie off to on a Thursday night? Drew is at the bonfire so I know she isn't going to see him." "She is going to Mia's house to watch a movie." "That is good," he said before taking another sip of beer and Emily eyed him curiously. "So are you going to tell me your plan or keep pretending like everything is okay?" "Everything is okay, Emily. We are happy. Our daughter is safe….." "You really think I don't know what you and Drew are up to? You are playing with fire, Sam. If she finds out that the only reason you are allowing them to date is so Drew can spy on her…" "It isn't like that. Drew really likes her. He has liked Allie for some time now and I think it is a win-win situation." "For you and Drew, but not Allie. Drew gets a girlfriend. You get to keep an eye on her and her boyfriend, but Allie is still being manipulated and lied to." "They like each other. Why do you have to make it so sinister?" "You know this cannot end well for them. Drew did not imprint on her and I, for one, am not fond of my daughter dating a wolf that did not imprint on her. We both saw firsthand what can happen. What if she falls for him and he imprints on someone else?" "You are looking at this all wrong. The fact that he didn't imprint is a good sign. It means that Allie is not meant to be here. She isn't meant to be around wolves or even on the rez. She will grow bored of doing nothing but hanging with friends and trying to figure out my secret. Everything is still new and she feels at home, but our daughter is meant for more than La Push and she knows that deep down. Allie is adventurous and ambitious. The rez is too small of a world for her." "Maybe she will see that, but maybe she will not, and that should be her decision, Sam. This is not up to you, even though you keep making it about yourself." "How can you say that?" "Because it is true, you keep thinking about your secret and how you feel and what you want for Allie, but what about what she wants? I understand from your perspective why Drew is her perfect match right now. You can control him. You can manipulate the situation, but not forever. Allie is strong-willed and independent. If you try to control her life, you will push her away for good and I am not going to allow that." She stood up, took another sip of his beer, and kissed him sweetly. "Tread lightly with our daughter, Sam Uley," warned Emily before going back inside and he sighed, silently acknowledging that he was on thin ice with his wife.