had forced everything else from my mind…the stairs Emmett had carried me down as I'd blacked out in his arms. "Bella? Are you okay?" His cold hand on my face jolted me back to awareness and I forced a small smile. "Yea…sorry. I just zoned out…" Glancing over at Jasper who waited a few feet away, I hoped he hadn't paid too close attention to my emotions. "Are you sure?" His quiet voice was intense. "Because no one will think any less of you if you don't want to do this. You can spend a few more days at home…I'll stay with you. The others can bring us homework…Carlisle and Esme can teach you if you want… I'll teach you if you want…" I forced myself not to think about that wonderful picture…I couldn't just hide away for the rest of the year. I wasn't a coward. Leaning closer, I kissed him briefly, then pulled away, ruthlessly shoving the fear and pain out of my mind. "I'm going to be late." I told him simply, then turned and made my way up the stairs, not letting myself hesitate for even a millisecond as I passed the spot where I'd fallen…where Emmett had cradled me in his lap as I'd bled on the concrete floor. The calculus classroom door had been replaced, the only tell the new little window whose size didn't quite match the other doors'. Most of the students were already seated at their desks, but our teacher hadn't arrived yet. Jessica, who didn't have the number to the Cullen's rarely used house phone or my cell phone number, seemed anxious to speak to me, and grabbed my arm as soon as I sat down beside her, leaning in. "Bella! Oh my god, is it true that Emmett Cullen dragged you out of the building after Jackson shot you?" I sighed and rolled my eyes at Jessica, trying to show my reluctance without seeming too rude. "Where did you hear that?" I tried for casual, but my voice was strained. "It's all anyone is talking about, duh! Is it true?!" I hesitated for a movement, and she must have taken my deliberation as a yes, because she went on with an eager look of morbid fascination on her face. "Aaron Matthews said that Emmett ran out of his class to save you!" Her eyes seemed to glaze over and I realized with some amusement that Jessica was mooning over her new hero. "You're so lucky." She nearly moaned. I flinched, but made my tone light. "Jessica…you're kidding right? Emmett Cullen?" "Oh come on! He's hot! I mean…yea, some people would say that Edward was better looking, but Emmett…I'll bet he's built like…." "Jessica!" I hissed, my cheeks flooding with blood, the knowledge that Emmett was close enough that he could probably hear us if he wanted making my humiliation worse...he would never let this go. "Stop! Please!" "What? You don't like him, do you?" She asked suspiciously. "He's like my brother!" I cried as softly as I could, glancing up to make sure our teacher wasn't listening. "And I'm with Edward. Not to mention, Emmett is dating Rosalie." "Ugh…creepy. She's his sister, for god's sake." "Foster sister." I corrected with some irritation. "Whatever! Still creepy. Like Jasper Hale and Alice…ugh. Weirdos!" Biting down hard on my lip, I fought the urge to snap at her. "Well, weirdos or not, I wouldn't mind being rescued by Jasper either…" She paused for a moment, giving me a strange look. "Isn't living with them awkward though?" "What?" Honestly surprised by her sudden change in subjects, my irritation was momentarily forgotten. "You know…they're so…handsome! I could never even speak to Edward, much less his brothers! Does their dad practice plastic surgery on them!?" "Of course not!" I shook my head in exasperation, amused despite my irritation with her. "Jessica, they're a pretty normal family." Well…normal was relative. But they all cared about each other, and I didn't want her spreading rumors about them. "How do you even talk to them? Isn't it hard being around them? Like…what do you even talk to his brothers about?" She leaned in closer, her eyes full of anticipation like I was about to tell her about some amazing secret life they all led...well to be fair, they kind of did lead a secret life. But what could I tell her about that? What did we talk about? Memories of Emmett or Jasper holding me, comforting me, flashed into my mind. I could see Emmett laughing while he tried to make breakfast or Jasper's grin as he went through a Calculus chapter with me…I saw Alice throwing new clothes at me and Rosalie leading me though the mall as we snuck out of the store while Alice continued searching for the perfect outfit for me…grinning I shook my head. "I don't know Jessica. We talk about all kinds of stuff...what do you talk to your family about?" Before she could come up with an answer, or react to my calling them my family, a tall man I instantly recognized as the principal stepped into the room and a hush fell over the class. "Everyone, your regular teacher will be absent for another week or so…and so we've had to call in a last minute substitute." He seemed a bit irritated, and I wonder when he'd been informed of this. Not particularly interested in this new development, I flipped my book to the new chapter, pulling my notebook from my backpack and turning it to the page where Emmett and I had left off going over the new unit. Hopefully this new teacher would actually cover a lesson so I wouldn't have to dodge Jessica's questions all period. "Oh god." I glanced over at Jessica. "How many Cullens can this school hold?" She mumbled sarcastically. Confusion turned to surprise, as I looked up into the light honey brown eyes of a very familiar face. Thank you everyone for reading.