he was having one of his dreams. He opened his eyes to find that she was really there. She pried his lips open with her tongue and they breathed together, tongues wet and lungs filled with water, breaking apart only when their heartbeats began to plummet. Bella took his hand into hers, entwining their fingers as they pushed themselves up towards the sun. Edward and Bella both took in a large breath of air, their legs kicking underneath them to keep their balance. Her fingers were still wrapped around his, much larger, stronger ones and he could feel the weight of all his dreams about her being lifted from some unknown place, breaking apart inside of him, filling him up with overwhelming happiness. He hadn't thought it was possible. He'd seen the type of guys she'd dated, briefly during junior high and high school. He'd stayed quiet, never saying a word about how unworthy they were. Not that he believed for a moment that he was, no one was. Bella was a firecracker, she could erupt at any unmentionable moment and burst her lover into flames. The strongest men couldn't maintain that kind of fiery passion and Edward was intelligent enough to know, that in order to live beside it — beside her — you had to mirror the same kind of madness, otherwise she'd get weary and dispose of you. Bella let go of his hand and swam around him, her wet hair brushing past his shoulders. He followed her with his eyes as he swirled around, watching every small movement she made. She threw her legs up in front of her and floated on her back along the water, staring up at the sky, which was blanketed with small, fluffy white clouds. The sun crossed over her eyes, and ran down her stomach while Edward shifted himself backwards into the tiled wall, still observing her with childlike eyes. He imagined had he been a cartoon character, stars would've floated all around him, along with little singing birds. He stifled a snicker at the thought. She of course, seemed unfazed by the kiss, as if they'd done it a million times before, day in and day out. Of course it happened in his dreams but it never occurred to him, not once, that maybe in her dreams too. "What was that?" Edward asked, sneering a little bit. "What?" Bella questioned, dropping her legs back into the water and resting her hand on the side of the marble. She pulled herself up a little to get a better look at him. She noticed the way his lips rested so easily and crookedly to form the grin that literally spread to his eyes. Her heart was not a full place, in fact vacant and empty would've best described the strongest, functioning organ in her body. Emmett was there of course, sprawled across a small space of interior but he didn't consume the space. Her love for him came from a neutral place. The fact that her parents weren't there at all meant close to everything that Emmett held a space at all. Edward, of course, rendered different kinds of feelings. Her memories of him were spun so vividly in her mind that she couldn't think of a happy moment he hadn't been a part of. She remembered kissing him under a tree at the elementary school, then watching him run away yelling something about her having cooties. The thought brought a smile to her face, while she pressed the tip of her toes against the side of the pool. The place in her heart Edward kept couldn't be seen or even touched, simply because it was the caged part that needed to be kept hidden otherwise it would be damaged. That part of her heart had to remain intact for the rest of her to keep the shell of herself alive. "That, down there," Edward responded, pointing to the water as if it told a story, their story. Bella frowned, rolling her eyes. "You mean you don't know what a thimble is?" She swam across to him and then leaned against the edge of the pool, a direct two inches away from him. Their shoulders almost touched. "You know Peter Pan and Wendy?" Bella questioned teasingly, smiling at him. His eyes examined her. Feeling restless, he reached for her waist and she whirled around so delicately that he forgot for a second that she wasn't fragile, so unlike glass that he dropped his hand from her waist and sighed. Bella tilted her head to look at him and blocked the sun from her eyes. Her insides felt as if they were melting, something was shifting and she could tell by the look in his own eyes that he felt it to, what they'd just shared was more than a "thank you" kiss. It was the beginning of forever. Edward raised his chin up, slightly and kissed her lips softly becoming unafraid of her magnetic presence. He beamed, leaning his head back, playing with strands of her hair. Bella took his face into the palm of her hands, roughly jerking his head back towards her lips and smashed them together, their teeth clicked in the process. He closed his eyes as their lips spread open and their warm tongues entwined. They pulled apart for air sometime later, neither of them was sure of time. "A thimble, huh?" Edward joked after taking a deep breath and held her at arm's length. "So which one of us is Peter?" he asked, pulling her a little closer while she wrapped her arms around his neck, fingers touching marble. Edward wanted to believe he was Peter, if only because Peter was the boy but deep down he understood he could never be Peter. He thought rationally, while Bella thought through glossy eyes of wonder and intrigue. "You'll be Wendy and I'll be Peter," Bella answered, kissing him again underneath the watchful eye of the sun. ◊.◊