totally going to tease you about it for a while though. Josh probably will too," warned Zach and Drew chuckled as they turned back around to head for the bonfire. "I figured as much. Thanks for being so cool about this. I wasn't exactly as accepting at first." "Well I am not interested in Lexie, so that helps." "That's true. So Sam told me it will only take a few hours for Allie to turn. Do you really think it will work that fast?" "I saw what the serum can do. I wish it would take away the pain completely, but she is willing to endure the pain to become one of us and I cannot wait to start the next chapter of our lives together." "You make her really happy and hopefully after she finds out about Lexie, I can be completely happy too. I am still worried that she will think I am a hypocrite." "Oh you are one, but it isn't your fault. Just blame it on the wolfy gene. It isn't the first time it has caused sticky situations. In fact, consider yourself lucky." They laughed as they arrived back at the site where the others were enjoying the fish fry. Drew pointed over at Allie and Josh, who were still bickering. "No, I don't care if you are his best bro. You do not get the largest bathroom in our cottage. You are lucky that I am willing to concede that you get your own room. You already have a room on the island and you are just being a big baby right now." "I should get the biggest bathroom in the new cottage. I have known him longer. I have more reasons to use it and I don't understand why you are fighting me on this!" "Because it's weird," argued Allie as she stomped her foot and Josh doubled over in laughter. "Did you just stomp your foot at me? Al, you are such a girl sometimes," laughed Josh. "Says the boy with more hair products than me," taunted Allie and Josh smiled smugly. "Good, so we agree I have more stuff and therefore need more room in…." "I am not having this conversation with you anymore," said Allie as she threw her hands up in exasperation. Zach shook his head and Drew winked at him. "Compared to settling fights between those two, telling Allie about Lexie will be a cake walk for you," assured Drew and Zach nodded in agreement as watched Josh dodge Allie's hand before she could tousle his hair. "Point taken," agreed Zach. Drew jogged over to the table where the rest of the pack was eating and Zach joined Allie and Josh by the bonfire. They laughed when he sat in between them to break them up. "She isn't budging on the bathroom situation, Z. I guess you were right." "Yea, I guess you will have to settle for the massive bathroom you have in the main house," said Zach. "I am surprised she agreed to give me a room. You would think I annoy her or something," teased Josh and Allie rolled her eyes. She wrapped her arms around Zach and smiled smugly. "Josh, you can have a room in our cottage, but after we are married, I doubt you will want to use it very often. Not even you are that heavy of a sleeper," said Allie and Josh pretended to gag as she kissed her mate. "Alright you two, I am going to get some more food before you make me lose my appetite," called Josh as he headed over toward the table with the pack. Zach chuckled at his friend and Allie snuggled into his side. "If you really want to enjoy our cottage, maybe we should rethink you turning so soon," warned Zach. "Oh no you don't Cullen…" "Nayeli, when you phase, for the first year, you won't want to focus on anything but quenching your thirst. That means for a whole year, you won't think about us and our perfect cottage or what we can do in it," he reminded and her eyes widened as realization dawned on her. "Oh, you mean…." "Yep." She shook her head with a smile as she ran a hand through his hair. "I don't believe that. There is not enough blood in the world that can make me forget how much I love you and want you. If anything, it will be great motivation to divert my attention to something other than blood as a newborn," she assured before kissing him. "I hope so because even for a vampire, waiting a year would feel like an eternity," he whispered before kissing her again. Rosalie cringed as she tried to drown out her son's conversation with his mate and Emmett smiled cheekily at her. They were sitting by the water with Jacob and Leah, enjoying the night of festivities. "I am not prepared for him to talk about such things," groaned Rosalie as she pinched the bridge of her nose and Emmett chuckled. "Aw come on, babe. We are his parents, what do you expect? Of course he is going to want to…." "Emmett," growled Rosalie and he pulled her closer in his strong embrace. "Don't worry. I already told Alice to make sure the walls of the cottage were sound proof." Rosalie sighed in relief. "Thank you." "And sturdy," he added with a snicker. Jacob and Leah laughed as they watched Emmett cover his head to prevent Rosalie from slapping the back of it. She let out a huff and glared at her husband, but her glare softened when he smiled dimply at her. Rosalie smiled mischievously at Leah. "I don't know why you are laughing. You are next. We all know how unexpectedly you wolves can imprint," warned Rosalie and Emmett's booming laugh echoed around them. "Everyone hide your babies," bellowed Emmett and Jacob threw a balled up napkin at him as Emmett and Rosalie snickered.