of line." "She is one person and she is entitled to her opinion. I am sure she has her reasons and it isn't my job to change her perception. All I can be is me and be thankful enough people accept that." She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him closer. "I will never understand how someone could not love you," she whispered before kissing him. "I love you too, nayeli. Now, let's get home and watch that game before it gets too late. It is Sunday, so technically a school night for me," he teased and she giggled as they sped down the road heading back to Forks. Alice waited impatiently on the porch with Jasper and he chuckled at his mate's anxiety. He sent her a wave of calm and kissed her sweetly. "Calm down, darlin', our nephew will be here soon," he comforted. "I have missed him. Oh, there they are, about time," she said as she skipped off the porch and over to the garage. Zach hugged her as soon as he got out of the car and she squealed with delight when he twirled her around. "Hey Aunt Alice, did you miss me?" "Always, nephew," she giggled. He opened the door for Allie and walked onto the porch with her to greet his uncle. Jasper gave Zach a hug and Allie a bow of the head in greeting. While he was comfortable around Allie, Jasper was still reserved around the human. "Where is my mom," asked Zach. "In the living room with your Uncle Edward, they are playing some songs that he composed. Allie, you look so gorgeous tonight in that dress. I cannot wait to go shopping with you tomorrow," said Alice. Zach beamed with happiness as Bella and Renesmee welcomed him into the house with hugs. "Hey little cousin, we are going for a hunt later tonight, do you want to come," asked Renesmee. "Do you even have to ask," he teased. "How was the dinner," asked Bella and Zach shrugged with a sigh. "It was okay," he mumbled and Rosalie was immediately by his side as she and Bella detected the disappointment in his tone. "What happened," asked Rosalie. "It was nothing. Evan's mom just isn't a fan of us and didn't have a problem making that clear," he explained. Rosalie let out a hiss of displeasure. "Faye Call, I will tuck that name away for later," said Rosalie, but Zach shook his head. "Leah handled it, mom. Honest, it isn't a big deal. I was a bit caught off guard, but it happens. Please just let it go," he pleaded and Bella smirked. "At least Leah was there to keep her in line. No one hurts my nephew and gets away with it. I am not surprised though. The Quileutes have a complicated history with us," admitted Bella. Esme glided over to kiss her grandson and Allie on the cheek. "Yes, but we manage to stay civil," agreed Esme. She smiled sympathetically at Evan as the pack entered the house. He looked around the room and smiled back when he saw her. Evan chuckled when Esme pulled him in for a big hug. "Hi, Esme," he said as she kissed his cheek. "I hear the evening was lively," she said. "Is that what we are calling it these days? My mom isn't a bad person, honest. She just changes when it comes to wolves and vampires," he explained and Carlisle patted him on the back. "It is understandable. We have been around humans and dealt with various degrees of hostility. I believe it is part of their defense mechanism against us. We may be different, but many of our kind seek out humans as prey. It is instinctive for Faye to be guarded," explained Carlisle. "I guess so," conceded Evan and Esme winked at him. "I made your favorite, so I hope you are still hungry. Oh and I already set up the game room for you boys. The basketball game is ready when you are," announced Esme. She giggled when Josh happily embraced her. "Thank you, Esme. Finally someone that understands the importance of watching this game tonight," he said as he headed upstairs. Evan kissed Esme's cheek. "Thanks for cooking dinner. The steak was nice, but I would love some spaghetti." "I even made garlic bread," she informed and he beamed with happiness. "You are awesome! Hey Colt, Esme made spaghetti and garlic bread," called Evan and Colt jogged over to them. "And my parents wonder why I am over here so much," laughed Colt as they followed her into the kitchen. Allie kissed Zach and gave him a wink. "Go have fun with your friends. I am going to shower and head to bed," she informed. "Are you sure? The game won't be the same without you." "Yes, you need to spend time with Josh. I tease him a lot, but he is right. He planned this since Friday, so go enjoy. Have fun on the hunt too." "You are the best," he whispered before kissing her tenderly. He gazed lovingly at her as she headed upstairs and Emmett wrapped an arm around his son. "A girl that knows what she wants, but doesn't hover, you picked a good one," complimented Emmett and Zach chuckled. "I really did," agreed Zach as he darted into the game room. Rosalie sighed in relief. "I was worried the teasing between Allie and Josh was going to turn tense soon, but I guess I was wrong," admitted Rosalie and Emmett smirked. "They both know they are important parts of his life, doesn't mean they aren't going to butt heads over it in the future though. They are both stubborn enough to want our baby boy's attention, but I can't blame them. He is a cool kid. He takes after his father after all," he teased as Rosalie nudged him with a smile, knowing that her son was loved by many.