I could ever really be mad at you. I want to kiss you, but it is better if we are just friends." "Right, just friends, I can do that," he agreed, but she eyed him carefully. "Can you? I am not naïve. Tonight was a date, an amazing date, but definitely still a date and that complicates us too much. We need to just be friends." "I don't agree, but if that's what you want, I will do it," he mumbled as he turned away from her and she growled in frustration. "It has nothing to do with what I want," she informed and he turned to face her again. He could see the conflict and internal struggle playing out in her eyes. "You keep saying that, but it has everything to do with what you want. Do you want us?" She gulped as he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her closer to him. Their eyes locked again and he gently caressed her cheek. "I know you feel something for me. Why won't you just admit that, Callista?" "Because feelings, especially passionate feelings based on desire, can be deceiving. I have read the signs wrong before and allowed myself to be manipulated. I have also done plenty of the manipulating. I have done it my entire life. Evan, you and I are very different. You are kind and honest. I have used my body to get what I want in the past. I don't want to be like that anymore and I am trying to change. This, whatever this is, it complicates things for you and I never want to be the reason your life is complicated." "Callista, I phase into a wolf. Complicated is the story of my life." "Yes, but you have your friends to help you through it. If I act on my desires, it will cause issues for you with Josh and your pack. You are already being secretive with everyone because of me. You are an honest man. You are sweet and kind. Evan, you are the most amazing person I have ever met. I don't want you to stop being that because I ruined everything for you, so…." Before she could continue, he captured her lips in a passionate kiss. The move shocked her, but she could not help but melt into his arms as their lips meshed together. He reluctantly pulled away to catch his breath and her eyes widened. "Wow," she whispered and he grinned. "That's an understatement," he chuckled as he pulled her closer. "I warn you that being with me will complicate your life and you finally make a move to kiss me?" "Finally," he asked and she scoffed. "I may have been hesitant to give in to my desires, but it doesn't mean I wasn't hoping that you finally would," she confessed. He chuckled and shrugged. "It took me some time to work up the courage and I didn't want to do anything you didn't want me to do. You are my imprint. I never want to do something to make you feel uncomfortable." "You mentioned that term before and I have heard the legends, but what exactly is it," she questioned and he chuckled nervously. "Uh, yea, I didn't mean for that to slip out the way it did. It is true though. Wait, what have you heard?" "The story of Jacob Black possessing Renesmee Cullen when she was first born." "It's not really a possession and that might not be the best example. That's pretty rare. Although, Tommy and Owen are a product of it….huh….I never thought of them like that. I mean it's not a bad thing. I just…." "Evan, focus," giggled Callista and he smiled sheepishly. "Right, us, and this whole imprinting thing, I want to be with you and unless I am reading the signs horribly wrong, you want to be with me too. Wait, did I just read the signs horribly…." She cut him off with a kiss and he beamed with happiness when she slipped her hands into his. "You aren't reading the signs wrong. My desire is to be with you, Evan. I think of you all the time to the point of feeling obsessed. I worry about if you are alright when you are in La Push and I am not with you. I fear what will happen when you tell your pack and Josh….." "I can handle that. What I can't handle is not being with you. If you don't want to be more than friends, then I will find a way to cope with that, but I can't handle not being in your life, Callista. Esme told me to just be myself, so here I go. I have spent most of my life feeling invisible. Then, one day I woke up and I am stronger and faster than I ever thought possible. Suddenly I was in a pack and my life changed for the better, but I still felt lost. I have so many amazing things, but there was always something missing. I thought it was about my mom and her issues with what I am, but it is more than that. I know that now because I finally found someone that makes me feel like I am not roaming around in this world without a purpose. Callista, that person is you. I am in love with you and all I want is your happiness, so you can call it imprinting, possession, mating, or whatever as long as I can be with you." She caressed his cheek and he leaned into her touch. "Then I guess we are going to have to figure out how to tell Josh that we are in love," she confessed. His eyes lit up with happiness and she giggled as he showered her with kisses. "So, does that mean you will be my girlfriend?" She laughed and nodded. "I think that is fair to say," she teased before tenderly kissing him.