a good friend, and managing to do nothing but fail when she got there. Ended up being a teacher for primary school kids, all of which she cares for deeply and wants nothing but the best for. "Why?" I ask. "She thought you were cute, I told her a bit about you and thinks its really cool that you're a teacher. She thought you were smart by more things I told her and also I told her you were a great dancer." Shit, why did she have to mention that. Yes I may have took a few dance lessons in highschool, but not a lot stuck. Angela never believes me when I tell her that. She should. Depending on the dance I have might as well have two left feet. Slow dancing fine, speed it up to hip hop or even the tango I can barely tell my left from right. "Not the dance thing." "Oh yes the dance thing. Now what do you want for dinner?" I shrug. "Okay. Well I've invited Eric and Mike round. I thought it would be nice for company." She does once over of what I'm reading, giving it a critical eye. "Aren't you going to change?" "No. They're friends. I'm sure they're not going to care. And it's probably going to be take out, nothing fancy." She nods. "Fair point. I called them while you were sulking in your room." I glare at her, she chuckles. "So they should be over soon." Great I guess. Time for a friendly gathering. It's not long before they're here, both bring booze and snacks. Mike laughs at what I'm wearing and sits on the floor infront of the coffee table. "You look like a hobo Bella. Whats up with that." I laugh and kick his back. "Grow a pair." I retort. He smacks my foot away and chucks a handful of popcorn at me. Hitting me in the face and litttle crumbs end up caught in my hair. I glare at him playfully. He does the same and switches on the T.V. Putting some sports rubbish on and making himself at home. Eric sits next to Angela, he says hello politely and organizes his laptop and connects it to the T.V. Mike continues to flick through the channels, complaining loudly when Eric diconnects it and plugs in his laptop. "Movie night girls. Horror movies. Who's with me?" Eric asks cheerfully, sliding through his library of films on his laptop. He has such a wide collection I wouldn;t be surprisd if he said he had over fifteen hundred on that thing. I can see Mike squirm. He's never been a fan of horror movies and gore. Back in highschool me him and my friend Jake went to see this new horror film that came up. We ended up leaving early because he puked all over the bathroom. It was such a cheesy film, badly written but he still wimped out in the end. It was hilarious. Speaking of Jake, he's like a brother to me now. I wish I saw him more but that's hard. He has a busy job. He works for the police back in Forks; my home town. I offered him a place out here when I first came out here but he decided not to. He wanted to stay close to home and to his family, granted my dad is probably helping him out a lot with his policing career. As my dad is the chief of police in Forks. He does a great job, he's sensible, loyal and he was made to be a police officer. It suits him and I can't picture him doing anything else, nthing else will be right. Speaking of my parents. My mums a fashion designer. She goes all over the country, helping with fashion shows and having very important people, or so she says. I haven't heard about her anyway. To be honestI think her job is going awfully and she's making it all up to make me jealous, an make me regret living with my dad instead of her. You see when I was teenage I had the option of living with my mum and her new boyfriend, where I had been most of the time, or going to live with my dad. I chose to go live with my dad. I was sick of my mum and her constant watch over me. So when I was fourteen I moved to forks from Arizona, it was hard, I had friends and family in Arizona, and knew no one in Forks; But it wasn't very long before I settled in. I started to make friends I really loved it there, it's just the place was so small and population was barely three thousand, so you got to know everyone pretty quick. So my opinions changed and I moved out here which took some guts let me tell you. "So Bells, wrong turn or Legally blonde two." I snort and glare at Mike. Such a pussy. "Wrong turn" I say defiantly and wink at Mike. "I feel so betrayed." He says in faux sadness as he sobs to himself. Ten minutes into wrong turn Mike is hiding behind a pillow. We mock him playfully and watch as this man drives his fancy car through a wooded forest and drives away from a traffic jam and soon runs into a group people, who nearly crash. I spy Angela whos right next to Eric. Not surprising. She has a major crush on the comic nerd. They look cute together. Maybe I should set them two up on a date and get my own back. Thanks for reading if you've made it this far, I really appreciate it :) If you see any similarities thats probably because I got my idea from a fanfiction called 'Butterfly panic' I read it ages ago and been playing with a simlar idea for quite a while. Reviews would be great, thanks again :)