laughed, "but I tamed it for you. Charlie got some new tires for you too. Now you can get to school by yourself. Forks' one of those typical towns where without a car you'd be lost like a duck amongst pigeons." Jacob laughed innocently. " I don't get the reference." It didn't matter I joined his bemused merriment. "I got that for you too!" Jacob lightly flicked something that had been dangling from the rearview mirror next to the pine that had eluded me until now. It was small but I recognized the willow hoop instantly. The spider web inside seemed made from simple ashen string and bore a red and yellow bead. The lines intermingled forming an elegant Mandala. At the tip of the bottom hung a feather bestowed with a jade like color. "Do you think I have bad dreams?" I cocked my head to the side, looking at him thoughtfully. "Nah, I just thought it was a nice gesture you know," I then noticed the sincerity in his sentiment. I smiled, absentmindedly. "Thank you. A Dreamcatcher is just what I need. I'll keep it in the truck as a token, a reminder of who revived it and made me a car owner." Since Jacob and Billy came over with the truck Charlie offered them a lift home, how else would they get there? He asked if we should have Pizza for dinner tonight from that Pacific Inn I noticed on the way into town. Tonight would be the exception and tomorrow I would ask him for a small grocery fund. I used to cook a lot at home too especially during my small fitness craze. I told him, specifically, "NO MEAT, for me." I waved after them as Charlie pulled out and I stood there another moment marveling at the truck. I suddenly couldn't wait till morning. I made my way back inside, it had begun raining now – as expected. I reached the upstairs and decided to get ready for bed early tonight. It was barely past five o'clock when the Black's left but I wanted to be refreshed for my first day tomorrow. I decorated the bathroom with my necessities which really were few, though in my mind seemed plentiful. After a nice hot shower I stared at myself in the mirror after wiping away all that condensation. I clapped my own heart-shaped face with both hands and moved my cheeks up and down a bit. My nose wasn't long but well shaped suiting the high risen bones beneath my skin well. My skin seemed bleached, and a bit too pale. "But those eyes…" "Why do you do what you do?" I whispered silently. They had been deeper and richer than Charlie's. Unlike his that had some people guessing whether they were green or gray mine definitely shone like flashlights in the dark with their blaze. I had spent years behind books which I noticed intimidated some pupils whenever they chose to dialogue with you. The bullies went away with time. Instead of physical education, and instead of multiple injuries, I cast conditioning in its stead during my sophomore year. My shoulders broadened a bit and definition appeared but no muscles. The insufficient amount of protein in my diet was the problem but what is a vegetarian with minimal sums of cash to do? Egg whites, assortments of beans, nuts, and other natural sources weren't enough and tofu? Don't get me started, yuck, don't care for it. But disregarding all else I had done enough to get a bit fitter and with time, precision, and strategic fleeing the bullie's eventually fell away one after the other; like leaves on a tree. But the eyes… I often tried to look tough or brooding. My facial muscles had no quarrel with that and I felt them fall into position whenever situation called, however my eyes exposed me. I might as well be naked every time it happens. Renee used to say so all the time. They were glistening with the same innocence I saw in Jacob but mine traveled deeper. They exposed vulnerability in me, a far too sensible mind, and hesitance. "Just be yourself, mouth and all; honest, adamant, but don't let them see." I cleared my throat and turned to head for my new room. I threw on an old white shirt and pajamas. Tomorrow morning I would have to do combat with my old nemesis, "Fashion, why art thou my nemesis," and amusing it would be. I leaned against the window pane waiting patiently for Charlie to come back. The salad and pecans I gobbled down on the drive back and although I didn't feel like some greasy pizza my stomach was making itself noticed. My left temple touched the glass; its temperature decreasing with each descending watery drop that bombarded it. I watched them race one another. I used to do this when I was younger all the time. "And the winner is? OH, so close, the unsuspecting straggler at the end caught up just in time." I watched the clouds parting up ahead, gray giving away to a threatening coal black. Was this a sign then? Tomorrow would be bad? Just like always? A new toy others here will quickly discover broken and out of tune with their own melodies? It seemed palpable. "I need to stop all this melancholy, and move on to something like pensive ." At least that would be one step up. I turned away from the window and over at the locked drawer. I shivered a bit but not more than the last few days. "Like a Boogeyman in a box." No, I jostled that part of me and moved on to sunnier things like my new truck, Charlie, and how I would at least make an attempt to make tomorrow a superior day than others past. That doesn't change the coming assault. Are you ready to weather that brute? Are you Luca? "I need a Virgil."