of her friends were interested in them, she always found time to sneak away to Ben's comic book store to find something new to read. "How are Angela and the kids?" "Great, they are all focused on school now. I bet your parents are happy you are back." Allie smirked as she pulled a stool over to the counter where Ben was. He put some comics down in front of her and she flipped through them. "My mom is happy, but my dad is disappointed. I am disappointed too. I thought Stanford would be everything I hoped for. It is an amazing school and there is a part of me that really enjoyed it, but it didn't feel like home, you know?" "I know what you mean. I always knew I wanted to come back to Forks after college, but Angela wasn't sure. I would follow her anywhere, but I was relieved when she said she wanted to come back to Forks. I am sure your dad is just worried about you." "Well we aren't exactly on the best terms at the moment." "Uh oh, what's going on?" "A lot of things, but one of them is that I feel like he is hiding something from me." "Maybe it is for a good reason." "Yea, but I am twenty years old. I should be able to know the truth. It is like he doesn't trust me or something." "Allie, your dad loves you. I am sure it has nothing to do with trusting you. I am probably speaking like a dad right now, but I know that there are things I don't tell my kids and it isn't because I don't love them or trust them. It just isn't something they need to know." "Maybe you are right, but there is this tension between us. I thought it would help once I started dating Drew." "Is he a boy from La Push?" "Yes and my dad really likes him, but it is kind of a turn off how close they seem to be. It is hard to explain." Ben laughed. "No one wants to date someone that seems closer with their parents than them. I think I have met Drew once or twice. He has come in before." "You probably have. I bet you get to know a lot of people around here because of the store, don't you?" "Yep, plus it is a small town," chuckled Ben. "Do you know Zach Cullen? He is friends with Joshua Black." "I know Josh. He comes in with Jake from time to time, but not Zach. Wait, Cullen, I know that name. I might know his parents or something. The Cullens made quite a buzz around this town when they first came from Alaska. Wow, I can't believe that was over thirty years ago. I feel old." "Well you don't look it." "Aw, thanks, but you have to say that. You don't want to upset your supplier," teased Ben as he waved a comic in front of her. "What do you remember about the Cullens? Did they live in town?" "They lived outside of town. They had a place way out there by the Sol Duc north of town. People never head out there though. In high school, we used to joke that, that part of the forest was haunted. Their old house is abandoned now, has been for decades." "Is there a way to get to it?" "There used to be a road, but that landslide from a few years back blocked it. Why the sudden interest in the Cullens?" "No reason. I just think it is interesting to learn about things I never knew about this place. I will come back soon for the comics, promise," said Allie and Ben winked at her. "Take one on the house." "You know I won't do that." "And you know your money is no good here," said Ben and she rolled her eyes with a smile. "Fine, but just one and I will be back later to buy some more. Thanks, Ben. It was great catching up. See you later." "Later, Allie," called Ben as she left the store. She sighed when she saw Mia spot her down the street and head her way. Allie crossed her arms as her friend ran over to her. "Thank God, where did you go? I thought you left me stranded because you were mad," said Mia. "I wouldn't do that. I just needed some air and I ran into Ben." "Allie, I am sorry. I shouldn't have said that about pale faces. It was totally old school of me." "It really was," agreed Allie. "And about you thinking you are better than the rez….." "Forget it. It has been a long day and I am ready to go home." "Me too," agreed Mia as they headed back to Allie's car. Mia grinned mischievously at Allie. "You know, Al, the high school is just down the street. School is about to get out. We could go check out your new boy toy." "He isn't my boy toy. I just think he is nice. He was really sweet to me when we met." "And gorgeous, don't forget that you called him gorgeous," reminded Mia and Allie blushed as she giggled. "Fine, yes, I have never seen anyone, let alone a high school boy, look so gorgeous. It is surreal how amazing he looks. It must be the smile and the dimples." "I don't see the big deal about his age. So what if he is younger than you. It happens. You should get his number." "I have a boyfriend, remember?" "Drew is nice, but I have never heard you gush over a guy like you talk about this one. You are smitten. Admit it." Allie bit her lip and sighed. "It is just a crush. A crush on a ridiculously gorgeous, sweet guy," confessed Allie and Mia laughed as they linked arms and headed back to the car.