check on her…apologize. But when I got here…" I shook my head, remembering the first night, when she'd slipped into a daze, no longer responding to anything I said…no longer even looking at me. "I'm glad you came…we have to come back." She kissed my cheek. "I'm going to go help Esme…I love you, Jasper." "I love you." I squeezed her hand, then moved into the kitchen and stood beside Emmett, taking a can of soda and sticking it in the freezer so it would be cold for her. I could feel Emmett's worry and fear, and I turned to him, leaning against the counter. "Have you guys heard from Edward?" I asked softly. Emmett shook his head, residual anger coming to the surface. "Nope. Esme's tried calling…she can't reach him." I sighed. "She needs him." I told Edward softly. "She's malnourished because she wasn't eating. Carlisle believes that it was her grief…we abandoned her, Emmett, and this was the result." "I didn't want to leave!" Emmett cried, and i knew he was right. I could recall that day very well...when Edward had demanded we leave. Alice had been distraught...Emmett disbelieving and refusing...until Carlisle had made his decision. "But we did, regardless. We could have stayed…we could have told Edward no." My brother sighed, crossing his arms and shaking his head. "Can't wait to see him again. I'm going to kill him." I smirked a little. I wouldn't mind taking a swing at Edward either, but I quickly sobered. "Seeing her like this is going to be more painful than anything we could do." I argued softly. Emmett flinched. "Is she going to be okay?" He asked quietly. "Carlisle thinks so…she has the flu right now, so she's feeling pretty bad. But once she recovers from that, she can start eating again…with us back, hopefully she'll want to." "She was starving herself." Emmett's voice was pained. "She was too upset to eat…I don't think she was doing it intentionally." I tried to comfort him. "Humans are fragile. Apparently grief can cause them all kinds of problems…and Bella feels things strongly anyway." He sighed. "He could have killed her, Jazz." I nodded. If I hadn't check on her, even if she had recovered from this flu, who knew what kind of emotional state she would have been in. It was so much easier for humans to kill themselves than for us to do so. Rosalie moved to stand beside Emmett and I glanced up at her. Surprisingly, I didn't feel any hostility from her, despite the fact that we were at Bella's house, taking care of her. She was honestly more resigned than anything, but that was enough to irritate me. She just couldn't give up her own preconceived notions…even when the girl was so sick she could have died. Carlisle, who'd stayed upstairs, outside of the bathroom door, spoke, inviting us upstairs to come and see her. Rosalie stayed in the kitchen while Emmett and I walked upstairs. Her door was open, and Esme was sitting beside her on the bed, her emotions fiercely protective. Carlisle was happy to have us all here, and was overjoyed to see Esme, but he was still worried about Bella. Emmett…Emmett felt like he was in shock for a long moment, and I tried to see Bella like he must. Bella had lost at least fifteen pounds since we'd left…her face was thinner, her body obviously weaker. Her scent, too, was weaker, and although she was covered to her neck with several thick blankets, she still trembled with cold. Her eyes were closed, but they opened slowly when Emmett approached her bed, his hand taking hers. "Hey Bella." He mumbled, smiling a little, even if it was forced. "We missed you." He squeezed gently, wincing when he must have felt how frail her hand was. "How are you feeling?" She stared at him in bewilderment, her fever, along with the pain she'd already been feeling, fueling her disbelief. "Can you bring me the Tylenol, Jasper? Her fever is rising again." I nodded, hurrying downstairs and bringing him the bottle. Esme sat her up while Carlisle gently coaxed her to swallow the pills and part of a glass of water. "It's okay, Emmett. You can sit with her." Emmett, who'd been hesitating at her bedside, sat gingerly on her bed, rubbing his thumb over the back of her hand. Carlisle sighed softly. "We need to get her to the house…I have more supplies there, and my study can be used as a hospital room. It'll be good for her to get out of this house…" He glanced down at Esme, then over at me. "I'm going to try to reach Charlie. Jasper, can you get her some applesauce…see if she can keep it down?" I nodded, hurrying downstairs and bringing up cup of applesauce. Emmett seemed loathe to give up his spot by her side, so I handed the cup to Esme along with a spoon and watched her sit the girl up, feeding her slowly. Emmett's jaw was clenched, and I knew he was furious and bewildered and in pain…our experience with sick humans was close to zero, apart from Carlisle, and to see Bella so sick now was hard on him…on all of us. We didn't understand how she could have gotten so sick so quickly. Her emotions were shifting a little; her disbelief and fearful sorrow were easing, leaving only bewilderment. She still didn't quite believe we were here half the time, but more than that, she didn't understand why we'd returned in the first place, no matter how many times I tried to tell her. Her fever was keeping her in a bit of a daze, anyway, and combine that with her grief, it was no surprise she couldn't quite grasp what was going on. Sighing as she started to slip back into sleep, I went downstairs to put the coke back in the refrigerator. She would sleep for a while.