over to study the aircraft along with Josh. One of the doors descended to the ground and extended to form stairs. Alexander and Lena greeted the boys with warm smiles and waves. "What do you think, it is brand new," questioned Alexander and Zach high-fived him. "This is so cool. I want one. Can I get one," asked Zach. Lena winked at him. "Sorry, but this was specially made. There isn't another like it in existence," said Lena. Josh jogged up the stairs of the plane and poked his head inside to get a closer look. "Dude, Z, check out the video games," yelled Josh and Zach was instantly by his side. "Whoa," shouted Zach and Alexander chuckled. "We have been told to make sure everyone has an enjoyable trip. We have plenty of books, games, films, and other sources of entertainment for all. Plus, for those who prefer to eat and sleep, there is a crew available to make whatever you like and bedrooms toward the back of the plane. Is everyone ready," asked Alexander and Alice nodded as she saw the Denalis exit the main house and the rest of the Cullens approach from their cottages. "Everyone is ready to go," announced Alice and Lena snapped her fingers. Four vampires emerged from the plane and briskly gathered the luggage. Eleazar walked over to Carlisle. "Notice the eyes," whispered Eleazar and Carlisle frowned in confusion. Lena noticed their looks and answered their unspoken question. "It is their choice to follow an animal diet like us. I believe it is mainly out of respect for Marcus and Didyme. They gave many vampires a place to prosper when many were desolate and in despair. Aro and Caius did not only conquer. They left vampires without shelters or any material possessions, yet condemned them when they fed thirstily on humans and risked exposure. Not all of the guard is composed of fighters. Some are workers, simply searching for a purpose in their lives that goes beyond constantly obsessing about thirst. We give them a place to call home, a place where they can exist without judgment, and in turn they find ways to be productive. This crew is not comprised of servants. Marcus and Didyme do not believe in such things. They are pilots that help us to get from place to place quickly," explained Lena. "Aro believed in enslaving vampires and humans alike to do his bidding. They stayed in line because they feared him. What motivates these people," asked Eleazar and Lena smiled as she glanced over at the pilots. "I am sure they can answer that," she said as one of the pilots chuckled. "Two things, incentives and status, not only are we known as members of the Volturi, but we get rewarded in ways we never thought possible. It is an honor to work for Marcus and Didyme. It helps that we get to fly the most technologically advanced aircrafts in the world," explained one of the pilots and Zach nodded in awe. "I bet it does," he mumbled and let out a low whistle as he admired the stealth jet again. "Z, they have games that won't be released until next year," exclaimed Josh and Zach pumped his fist as he ran inside. Jacob grinned from ear to ear. "Well I think you have our son's approval," said Jacob and Alexander smiled mischievously at him. "You know Jake I hear you and Emmett enjoy a video game or two. I am a pretty good gamer if I say so myself. Are you up for a little competition," challenged Alexander and Jacob crossed his arms with a sly smirk. "Oh I think we can handle that. Come on Em, let's show him what we got," called Jacob and Garrett huffed as he followed Emmett and Jacob onto the plane. "What am I, chopped liver," whined Garrett as the others laughed at the men's excitement. Tanya slipped her hand into Benjamin's and winked at him. "I know you want to join in. I will cheer you on," she assured and Benjamin kissed her in thanks before leading her onto the plane. Everyone began to file onto the plane and found that there were plenty of things to keep them occupied. Carlisle smiled graciously at Lena as he and Esme made themselves comfortable in a lounge area full of books. "Thank you for doing all of this for us," said Carlisle and Lena waved him off. "Marcus and Didyme would have nothing but the best for you. We are happy to do it. After all, it is a time for celebration," assured Lena. Esme sighed happily as she looked at her family getting settled on the plane. Alice and Carmen were perusing fashion and interior design magazines while they sat close to their mates who were already bantering back and forth. Eleazar and Jasper were setting up a game of chess and already thinking of strategies. Zafrina and Kaya giggled at their mates as Seth and Keegan argued over which action movie would be the best to watch. Rosalie and Leah were curled up on a couch near the largest televisions and consoles talking about what they planned to do in Italy. All the while, Zach, Josh, Emmett, Jacob, Alexander, Garrett, and Benjamin decided who would be on teams as their video game started up. Tanya and Kate sat by their mates, ready to suggest strategies to win the game whenever needed. What made Esme smile the most was seeing Edward and Renesmee sit down at a baby grand piano toward the back of the plane. Bella and Nahuel sat across from their mates with adoring smiles and books in their hands as Renesmee followed her father's lead. The sound of music in the air made Esme's grin widen and she nodded. "A time for celebration indeed, this will be a wonderful trip," agreed Esme and with that, the doors closed and pilots prepared for take-off. Italy was their destination.