further, things start to get blurry. I see gold eyes and short black spiky hair. I'm assaulted by the scent of vanilla and the word pixie immediately comes to mind, I grin. I want to investigate further, but as soon as I start to see this 'pixie' it goes foggy and blurry. My head starts to burn and I pull from Edward's mind. My eyes focus again and Edward is looking at me strangely. Good, he can't read my mind now. I thought that wouldn't work for a seconds. His face turns into a frown. He looks confused. "I just came to find out who you were and to see you. I need to make sure you won't be any harm to my family." I laugh. Oh this is good, a coven calling themselves a family. This is rich, fucking brilliant. He glares at me; surely he's upset that I'm laughing at him. "Continue." I manage to push out while chuckling loudly. "Like I said, I came to see if you're a threat to my family." I snicker. He growls but continues. "Are you?" "Not for the moment, I can promise you that if you stay out of my way, I'll stay out of yours." He nods his head. "Thanks you, that's all I ask for." I smell that vanilla scent and walk towards Edward. It seems to be pulling me in, maybe he knows where this scent is coming from. Edward Cullen stays perfectly still as I stand toe to toe with him. I want to look into his mind again, maybe find out who smells so delicious, but I refrain and step back. "Now that we've come to an agreement, I must go. It was nice meeting you, and I hope we can be friends." I laugh, not likely little boy. He smiles at me then runs off. I see his every blurred movement and grin. He's slow, I could out run him if I wanted. Such a silly boy, he's so young too. I smile as I think about the pixie, and who it is. And I can't help but feel as if I know her. Maybe she'll recognise me and help me remember. Okay Keira enough of this, I know you're having trouble with memory, but don't get your hopes up. She not might even know you. It could just smell like someone back from Volterra. I say to myself, it usually works but the scent still lingers in my nose. I run back to my house, I still have a lot of unpacking to do since I asked the movers to put all my stuff in my bedroom. I walk in the house and kick off my shoes; my wet feet slap the floor echoing through my empty home as I run up the stairs at a human speed. When I reach the first floor I strut down a few more hallways then go up another set of stairs to the top floor. The top floor is basically a huge open space, sectioned off by pillars and glass walls. It has a small bathroom with two baths and a shower. I have a wall to wall bookcase and a small desk where I can put my laptop. On the far left side of my room is a door, it leads to my walk in wardrobe. My queen size bed is against the glass wall and I smile. I can see the forest as it stretches for miles. I wiggle my pale and well manicured toes and look down onto the soft brown carpet. I frown, if only all these boxes weren't everywhere. I get to work on my clothes, putting them in my walk in wardrobe then settle on my electronics, like my TV, radio, CD player, laptop and iPod. When that's finished I finish rearranging my furniture, putting it all where I like it and not where the movers decided it would look best. I let out an un-needed breathe of air as I collapse on my bed. The ceiling is white and shiny, I like it. I can even see my reflection. I look around. They really have done a fabulous job on this house. It's a perfect place to call home, even if it is in a small crappy town. I smile, but it drops when I sense someone watching me. I jump of the bed and look out of my window. My eyes land on gold, curious eyes and I glare. I didn't mean to, my face fell like that as soon as I spotted them. They're only there for a few more seconds before they run away. I groan when I catch that wonderful scent and lean against the glass wall. It's taking everything I have to not follow the beautiful eyes, but I need sleep. After all I do have to go to school tomorrow. That's going to get interesting. I lie back on my bed. Dark brown eyes float around my mind before I finally succumb to a peaceful sleep. ' I love you, and no-one will ever change that. Not even those stupid parents of yours, I won't let them. I know...we can run away, you won't have to go to that horrible place then will you? And we can be together' Authors note: Thanks so much for reading, leave your thought in a review if you like. I do read all of them, I just don't reply to them all. (Not all of them can be replied to.) Thanks again, I hope you liked it. Lia P.S- If you would like to do me a favour and draw Keira I would greatly appreciate it. I could tell you what she looks like, or you could ask questions on the basic things that you'd like to know and draw it based on them. *Sigh*I'm hoping someone would like to, it would be so awesome for someone to try. Thanks again for reading, and I'll see you soon.