used to." "You know Mom and I would watch him, so would Alice and Jasper. Hell, Jake would be more than happy to do it," he told me. I ran my fingers through my hair. "Alex isn't any of your responsibility. He's mine and—" "You're my daughter and he's my grandson, Bella. Look, I just don't want you to lose yourself, okay? It was different when Alex was younger, but he's getting older. You can start making small trips, really get back into your work," he said. I shook my head. "I'm happy, Dad, really," I told him. He didn't looked convinced, but I could see that he was going to drop it. "Mom used to want to be an artist. She quit when she got pregnant with Alice, then you soon followed and then CJ," he said with a shake of his head. CJ was my and Alice's little brother, Charlie Jr. He was currently away in the service. Gave my parents a serious heart attack when he enlisted. My father often thought he ruined Mom's life by getting her knocked up with us. "Mom, doesn't regret any of it." "Yeah, she says that but…" "...you should believe her, Dad. She still paints, it might not be professional like she dreamed but she does. And she says all the time that her greatest masterpiece was marrying you and having the three of us," I reminded him. He smiled at me. "I just want you to remember that life doesn't wait for anyone. I don't want you to have any regrets later down the road," he told me. "I don't have any now. Seriously, Dad, I'm happy," I told him. After we finished talking, Alex and I left for home. When I turned onto our street there was a large ass U-Haul truck blocking my way. I didn't see anyone in the driver's seat and from where I was, I couldn't see anyone. I pushed down on the car horn until I saw a guy walk around the car. "What the hell, lady!" he yelled at me. "What the hell with you! Can you please move your damn truck? You know other people do live on this block," I yelled back at him. "Can't you just go around? I'm moving in right here," he said waving to the house that was directly across the street from mine. "No, because I live right there," I said pointing to my house. "What's wrong, Paul?" I heard someone yell. "This lady wants us to move the truck!" Paul yelled back to whoever was talking to him. Another guy appeared, this one was huge. Like I mean he looked like he could probably lift my car off the street. "Look lady…" "The name is Bella," I snapped at him getting sick and tired of them calling me lady . " Bella , we only have a few more things to move in and…" "…and I want to pull into my driveway, get my son in the house so that I can make him dinner, and move on with my life. You can move the truck, trust me, it won't kill you," I said cutting him off. The big one looked at the other one who was just called Paul and started laughing. "Your husband must have trouble with you," the big one said and I glared at him. Why the hell was everyone assuming I was fucking married? I didn't need a man! "My mommy doesn't have a husband, she's lonely," Alex said from the backseat. Paul and the big one started laughing again. "The correct term is single, Alex. And, if the two of you don't move, you'll have a problem with me." "Really, what are you going to do?" Paul asked with a grin on his face. Inhaling a deep breath I reminded myself that Alex was in the car. "What the hell, you two? We need to get this shit out of the truck so I can get it back," I heard another guy yell from behind the truck. "Apparently, our new neighbor wants us to move the truck," the big one yelled. "Why?" the invisible guy yelled back. "Because she lives across the street from us," Paul replied back with a stupid grin on his face. "She can either drive around like everyone else or wait, because I'm not moving the damn truck until we're done unloading," the invisible guy yelled back. I inhaled an irritated breath and seriously considered ramming the damn truck. "Mommy, I just want to go home. I'm hungry," Alex said from the backseat as he rubbed his stomach. I placed the car in reverse. "Having this truck blocking the street is not only a traffic violation but a fire hazard. You'll be hearing from my father, trust me," I told them as I pulled back. They laughed at me again and I decided right then. I hated my new neighbors and probably Mr. Invisible the most, because he didn't even have the fucking balls to come speak to me directly. I went around the block to take the other road that led to my street. It was honestly out of my way, but my son was hungry, and I didn't have the time or patience to argue with idiots any further. When I finally made it back to my house, I pulled into my driveway and let Alex out. I looked across the street and saw Paul and the big one entering the house as they carried a huge ass television into the house. A third guy came out of the house and I had a feeling he was Mr. Invisible. He was cute, from what I could see anyway. Then the bastard waved at me with a stupid grin on his face. Fucker. Well, there goes the neighborhood. A/N I hope you enjoyed that. Thanks for reading whether you were a new comer or rereading for pleasure! Review if your heart desires! Love, Emotion