from him "I do not want to die, but I most certainly do not want to become a bloodsucking freak like all of you." Aro says "Jane please escort them into the waiting room." The guy holding me reluctantly lets go. She brings us to a waiting room and Bella has me sit close to her. After fifteen minutes, Jane comes in and gives me a look of happiness. I don't think I will ever get her. We go back in and the handsome boy gives me a look of happiness and Aro says "It appears we have found Alec's mate." All the vampires turn to look at me. Then I say "First off what the hell is a mate. Second why me. And finally who the fucking hell is Alec?" Aro says "Well a mate is like a soul-mate for you humans, but with vampires it is more emotional. And that boy" he gestures to the handsome vampire "is Alec. And we would like it if you stayed here in Italy with us, and when Bella becomes a vampire you will become one." "I don't know. I am sixteen and my parents will start asking questions. Plus if I do stay with you people, I have some conditions." Aro says "Of course my dear. Anything." "First off, I want full range around the castle, next I can leave the castle whenever I want and leave Volterra as well, but I can stay in Italy, and finally I can talk to my family and friends whenever I want.' I say Aro says "Well that seems fair. But you will have to have guards with you when you leave the castle." "That seems fair. Fine. And as for getting my parents to let me stay here, well we can go back to Forks and some of you mindless drones can come with to make sure I come back. You will call my dad and say that I was accepted into a very nice school here. That should do it." Aro nods and says "You all may take our private jet there and back. So you can put the stuff you need in there." I nod and we set off with Alec, Jane, Felix and Demetri escorting us back to Forks. When we were on the plane Bella fell asleep on Edwards shoulder, and for some odd reason vampires rock hard bodies are very comfortable to sleep on. I sigh and go to another empty section and start to read one of the books I brought with me. After a good thirty minutes I am greeted by the four vampires that came with us. They sit down and the short guy says "I don't think we have been properly introduced. I'm Demetri." "And I am Felix." The tall guy says. I say "Well I guess it is nice to meet you all in different circumstances. And as you all know I am Crystal Scarlett Swan." Demetri asks "What are you reading?" "No Rest for the Wicked by Kresley Cole" I say. They nod and Demetri asks "So are you Bella's biological sister or something? I mean I am just asking because you both look nothing alike." I chuckle and say "No I am not related to her, I was adopted when to their family when I was eight years old, I was really grateful I finally found a family that wanted to adopt me." They smile but it is a sad smile. I look out the window and Jane asks "What do you do for fun?" I shrug and say "Well I like to read, write, play some computer games, watch my favorite TV shows and Movies, and hang out with friends and my family and my boyfriend." Demetri, Felix and Jane's eyes widen and Alec looks pissed. Jane says "You have a boyfriend?" I give them a look and say "What, do you think that I have been single my whole life? I am not an old person like you people." Felix and Demetri smirk and Jane gives me a half smile and Alec still looks pissed. I roll my eyes and say "What is your problem Alec? I mean just because we are mate's does not mean I will be single my whole life just because of you." He rolls his eyes and says "Well you should break up with him, since you are moving to Italy after all." I give him a look and say "Have you ever heard of long distance relationships? No? Well basically we can still be together even if we aren't by each other." He sneers at me and I just smile sarcastically and Jane says something in a whisper that only the vamps could hear and Alec's face recomposes and he looks me in the eye with a look of sadness and looks away. I do feel kind of bad, but I don't know. It gets pretty quiet after a while and I decide to listen to some music while I read. After a while I fall asleep and go into dreamland. After what seemed like ten minutes I feel someone carefully shake my shoulder. I open my eyes to see Bella standing above me. I say "Can't you let a girl sleep?" She sighs and says "We are back. Alice took out your earbuds after a couple of hours when she saw you asleep." I nod and get up while stretching my aching muscles. I gather my stuff and we head out of the plane were we see the Volturi 4 talking with Edward and Alice quietly. They then notice us and we start driving home. Once we get there Bella and I reluctantly get out and head up to the house fearing our lives since we left without actually telling dad. Once we get in the house dad is there with his arms crossed and he has a frown on his face. I say weakly "Hi dad." And then the yelling starts.