Mary makes me sound ancient. Don't ya think?" I chuckle and ruffle her hair. She glares at me and slaps my shoulder. I gasp dramatically and rub my now red slap mark, pretending that it hurts. "Oh shut up, I didn't hit you that hard." A laugh escapes me. "No you didn't but you should have seen the look on your face." She pouts, and pulls up into a hospital car park. "No offense shorty but this is the last place you should be. You are aware that people come in that building to get treated for illness's one of them being this thing that's going around. And that building is likely fucking full of the buggars that wouldn't think twice about tearing us to shreds." She smiles now, but stiffens when she sees the genuine look of fear on my face which I'm trying my best to hide from her. "Sorry Bella, but we do need medical supplies, and every drug store around here has been drained dry. This is the only place, and this place is probably stocked full of everything we could need." I start to shake and hold onto the top of the glove compartment in front of me tightly, the plastic groans under my touch but I still hold on. "Just breathe Bella, it'll be over before you know it. We'll look after you okay?" I shudder and nod at her words. She helps me out of the car then goes over to Rosalie, explaining to her what just happened as I lean against the car taking deep calming breaths. "Bella." I look at the blonde who's walking over to me. She shocks me by placing her hands on my shoulders and staring into my eyes, I glance at Alice over by the other car and she's smiling slightly. "No matter how much I dislike to say this, we will protect you. Nothing bad will happen as long as you do exactly what we tell you." I nod. She gives me a brief and awkward hug and we take our guns of lock and head into the building by a unbarred door, easily clambering in. When we're in, the cold hits me like a brick wall and I shudder violently for a few seconds. There's a foul stench in the air and I have trouble holding what little contents I have in my stomach, in my stomach. I take a step back and bump into something. I spin around and hold my knife against it, only to see a corpse. His hollow eyes stare right through me and I let out a breath. "You okay back there." I swallow the lump in my throat and turn back around. I still have my knife out; there is not a chance in hell that I'm putting it down in this building. I smile slightly at Alice, but I'm sure it was more a panicked grimace of some sort. She smiles back and I slowly follow her and the blonde as we descend down the increasingly dark corridor. It's eerily silent and next to none of the lights are working. There's only a few flickering in a some of the rooms as we pass them. I have a need to check every room we go by, but nothing even makes a sound as we move. Not even us. Alice starts to jog a bit and runs over to a set of massive glass doors. "Cover your ears." Rosalie orders. I scoff but do as I'm told. Next thing I know the glass in the door is shattered and we are climbing through the gap. Uh...why didn't she just use a handle? I examine the door and raise an eyebrow when I can't find one. "They're electric Bella, there isn't one." Rosalie says and shines her torch around the large open space. Well that's fucking stupid. You'd think for a hospital they'd have non electric doors. I shrug and slowly shuffle forward. I spot a can and pick it up. There's something in it. "Where from here?" I ask. It would seem that we've arrived at some sort of reception. All the people are long gone and I can't help but think that this looks exactly like a set you'd see in a horror movie. Alice climbs up on the desk, darting her flashlight around and then whispering to us that there's nothing there. A screech makes me jump and I cover my mouth to stop any sound escaping "Not over there." I whisper. Rosalie and Alice both agree and we slowly move in the opposite direction and into an adjoining room. When the door is shut I let out a breath. "Uh guys." "What?" I hiss quietly. Annoyed. Wow, that changed fast. "Okay so I guess we found a waiting room." I snap my eyes open and stare wide eyed at the bodies that are slowly starting waking up. Golden eyes catch mine and they light up. He growls and I latch onto Alice's wrist harshly. Fuck. Did I mention how much I hate waiting rooms? There you go guys. Did you like it? Leave a review if you want, and I'll try and reply to them in the next chapter. Thanks so much for reading. Not sure when I'll be updating next, but I'll try and make is so you won't have to wait very long. Can I ask you guys if you would read some the stories I published a while ago? I'm losing motivation for them, most of the next chapters in the stories have been started I just have no drive to get them done at this moment :/ If you have any questions, go ahead and ask, either through reviews or PM. Thanks for reading Lia x Guest -You're right. that would have been interesting. to write/read. But that never even crossed my mind. If you want me to add it in, I will somehow. Maybe bring it up later in the story?