agree with him that you need a better motorcycle." "And car," added Zach and Allie huffed. "Fine, but after we tinker with my baby," conceded Allie. Rosalie smiled as they both hugged her and departed. Leah rolled her eyes. "Could you three be anymore sickening," grumbled Leah and Kaya laughed. "I think it is cute that you are so supportive of them," said Kaya and Leah gave her a look as Rosalie smiled smugly. Kaya gulped. "But what do I know? I am just a mate, not a mother. Anyways, are you two ready to go? I miss Seth." "Yes, let's get back to the island," said Rosalie as they got into the yacht and headed out of the strait. An hour later, the clouds cleared out of the region and made way for the twinkling stars to shine in the night sky. Natalie pulled Josh closer to her as they tenderly kissed and caressed in the back of the yacht. She giggled when he kissed her neck and he sighed happily. He gazed into her eyes with a smile. "So," he said and she smiled up at him. "So," she replied as she stroked his hair. "This is our official first date. Is it what you thought it would be," he asked and she shook her head. "No, it is even better. Ever since I met you, my life has been one surprise after another. It amazes me how close I feel to you in such a short amount of time. It has only been a few weeks." "But they have been the best weeks of my life. I am in love with you, Nat." "I love you too," she whispered before kissing him again. She cuddled into his arms and he kissed her forehead as they looked up at the stars. "For my first date, this is pretty romantic," she admitted and his eyes widened. "Wait, this is your first date?" "Yes, I told you that." "I thought you meant it was our first date." "It is our first date, but also my first date ever." "Wow, now I really feel like we should have done something else." "Like what?" "I don't know, a movie, a run, something special." "This is special. Look around us. It is just you and me. No people to interrupt us, no prying ears or eyes, just you and me," she said and he kissed her tenderly. "I still can't believe this is your first date ever." "Well not all of us have had the extensive dating life that you have." "Hey, my dating life is not extensive." "Nina, Callista, Tess….." "Tess shouldn't count." "Oh I think she counts even more since you were willing to run away with her to escape from me." "I wasn't thinking straight and I was scared. Finding out that my imprint can do the things you can do is a bit intimidating." "Not nearly as intimidating as your family and I haven't even met everyone yet. I really hope your friends like me. I am nervous about tomorrow." "You have nothing to be nervous about. You are my heart, Nat. Nothing they say will ever change that and trust me, they are the ones that need to impress you. The pack and I haven't always been on the best of terms. They know to be on their best behavior." "It is just a lot. Meeting your family, the pack, and then spending your birthday together." "Birthday, do I have a birthday coming up," he teased and she laughed. "Yes, you may have mentioned it once or twice. I have never heard of a birthday celebration that lasts several days like yours will." "Hey, I am turning eighteen. That is a big deal. I am done with school. I have my mate. There is much to celebrate and it all starts tomorrow. We'll have dinner with the pack and my parents….." "Correction, you will have dinner and I will be there solely for the company," she teased. "Thursday, we will have a big video game tournament, which I will win of course." "I don't know. I have gotten pretty good." "You can't beat me on my birthday. It is against the rules." "Well technically I will beat you the day after your birthday." "Nope, still against the rules," he chuckled and she giggled. "Fine, I will go easy on you." "Friday night, we can go for a run up to Alaska, which is always awesome, and you can finally create some avalanches and play baseball with us. Then, Saturday is the big party. You are going to love it." "This family tends to party quite a bit." "Well, we have a big family and Alice loves to plan things. Between the birthdays, weddings, and random occasions that come to mind for her, it is bound to happen. When is your birthday?" "February 4th, but I don't want a big party. I don't like a lot of attention. I have spent so many years in hiding, I don't think I would be very good at being the center of attention," she confessed as she averted her eyes. He tilted her chin up and gazed adoringly into her golden brown eyes. "You are the most amazing woman I have ever met. You deserve to be doted over and much more. I wish I could take away the pain and fear you experienced in your life. I can't but I can make sure you never have to feel it again. You will never have to be afraid or alone again, Natalie. I promise," he vowed and she took in a shaky breath as the sincerity of his words sunk in. "I love you more than I ever thought possible. I want to make you happy," she whispered and he grinned from ear to ear. "I love you too. You already make me happy," he assured. He kissed her passionately and she pulled him closer as they got lost in the kiss.