room. He looked like he wasn't happy with me calling him Dr. Cullen instead of Edward. I told Sophia and Nicholas to make sure to use the bathroom before we left. I opened the door and Sophia and Nicholas walked out arguing over who was going to use the bathroom first. "Isabella…" I hear Edward call to me and I turn around to look at him. "I'm sorry to hear about your parents," he said, taking a step towards me and I chew on my lip nodding my head. "Are you raising them alone?" he asked me, and once again I nodded my head. "How old are you?" he asked, and it is then the one question he's never asked me. "What does it matter?" I ask, not in the mood to hear someone else tell me that I was too young to be raising them. "It doesn't I suppose. I was just curious. To see such a selfless person give up her own life before she was even old enough to enjoy it, so that she could raise her siblings, is just unheard of," he told me, and I knew that was true. I inhaled a deep breath. "That must have been a hard decision to make." "It was never one I ever considered. They need me, so I'm here," I answered, hoping that made sense to him. He nodded his head, his eyes boring into me. I couldn't look away from him, I wanted to. "You're beautiful, smart…but selfless has to be the sexiest of all your qualities," he tells me in a deep voice, and I felt my insides start to melt. He cups my face and that warm feeling starts to spread throughout my body again. "I've been so captivated by you since that first day I saw you, fighting this desire to be near you. I thought maybe if I continued asking you questions and I got to know you, you would be just like the rest of them. But you surprise me more and more." "I'm just me." "You don't see yourself clearly, Isabella; you're amazing, exquisite," he says, his face so close to mine. His breath like a drug intoxicating me. I couldn't; my focus and first concern was and would always be Sophia and Nicholas. "Edward I-I…" His lips were on mine before I could finish. I moaned feeling his soft lips on mine. His tongue darted out along my lips causing a shiver up my spine. He lifted my face, bringing me closer to deepen our kiss. When his tongue entered my mouth, I drowned in him, feeling his tongue massage mine, I almost died and went to heaven. This kiss was hot, heated everything I knew I was missing. His hand snaked to the back of my neck playing with my hair. He nibbled on my bottom lip, a moan leaving his mouth. "Positively exquisite…" I think I hear him moan, but I couldn't be sure. His lips move over my jaw and I know I have to stop this. "Edward…" I moan out breathlessly, and he takes my mouth again with much more passion behind this kiss. I wrapped my arms around him, pushing my fingers into his hair and rising up on my toes to deepen our kiss. He groaned, slamming me against his body and I moaned feeling his erection on my stomach. He wanted me, and god I wanted him. We were two adults and there was no reason we… "Stop it, Nicky before I tell!" I hear Sophia yell, and I quickly push Edward back and step out of his arms. He looked crazed as if ready to attack me. But there was a reason we couldn't do this. I had two children to raise and I had no room for a good fuck in the hay. "I can't, Edward…" I say, hoping he understood and would just forget about this. "Bella…" he started, and I shook my head. It sounded so good hearing him call me Bella. It felt so good being in his arms but I couldn't. "Thank you again, Edward," I said, as I saw Sophia and Nicholas coming down the hall. He saw them walking up also. "Tomorrow," he said, rather than asked and I didn't reply. He said bye to the kids and told me that he would see me tomorrow. I simply nodded my head and turned to leave. I was sure once I told him I wasn't looking for just a good fuck that I would successfully scare him off just like the rest. I took Soph and Nicky to Pizza-mania as promised, then helped them with their homework. I got them bathed, and into bed. They said their prayers, asking for our parents to watch over us and then they got into bed. I showered and walked past my parent's old bedroom. I never went in; I could never bring myself to go in. I had the entire house redecorated, every room but my parent's room. I closed the door and walked to my bedroom. I dressed in my pajamas and climbed into bed. Some days I found myself asking how things would be different if I hadn't dropped out of school and taken Sophia and Nicholas, but guilt soon followed after the thought. I thought about Edward and my lips stung remembering the way he kissed me. Then something he said replayed in my mind. He said he was trying to fight the desire to be near me. Did he not want to be near me? I wasn't forcing him; I didn't want this anymore than he did. My life was complicated enough without a man making it worse. I shut my eyes to let sleep claim me so that tomorrow I would start the daily grind all over again. Hope you enjoyed that, next chapter coming soon! Please leave any reviews, I've missed you all! Depression is real but I'm getting much better! Love, Emotion