defeated, and his eyes widened, and he said, breathlessly, "I loved her too." Wishing he could take it all back. That moment outside, below the balcony, the three heard a weak voice say, "I love you Caius Volturi… even in death." sed libera nos a malo. (but deliver us from evil) Isabella gently took his knife, that she had taken from her room from when he once cut her peaches, dragging it across both of her wrists, blood blooming on her ivory skin, the releasing making her euphoric, her white dress beginning to stain a cherry red. She smiled softly, looking at the beautiful flowers around her, the crumbling walls that hid her from the outside world, feeling the soft springy grass below her bare feet. She did not hear the shouting above her, the only words that could have ever made her pause, she only had ears for the music only she could hear. She took one step forward, twirling as she did so, dancing, below his very eyes, should he have looked down in from the fray above, should he have been able to swallow his pride. She leapt about, gracefully prancing almost. She did so for about ten minutes before she first stumbled, really her leg refused to hold her up for a moment, and she was off balance, an almost unnoticeable thud even to immortals above her. She regained her bearings, and began her deadly dance again, Salome in the flesh. She spun around, elegantly swirling around his garden, a deadly whirlwind. For the last time, knowing fully well that he would never forget her, no matter how little she mattered to him. She would never find out how wrong she was, how they were fighting over her, only a distance above her head. As the blood left her body, she was only propelled by her will. She pushed herself, giving this dance to him. Again, she began to move, but she fell again, her fragile body hitting the grass, making no sound, even to their prided hearing. She lifted herself again, her heart beats numbered, drenched in her own ruby blood that was so valuable to them, unknown to her the love they possessed. She moved, and finally, when she could go no more, she fell to the ground, never to rise again. She whispered her last words, unintelligible to most, clear to him. Her blood was everywhere. It painted the roses an even more vibrant crimson, the grass soaked in the wetness, her dress covered in the life fluid, the walls splattered from her more vigorous movements. In his study, he heard her over the bellowing, and he looked outside his balcony, where he had swore to never look again, and ran as fast as he could, praying silently to the god he never believed existed, his brothers far behind him with out the desperation that propelled him, not knowing the fate of the human. He was the first there, the only to hear her last heartbeat. His eyes seemed filled with tears, the pain overflowing. He grasped her cooling body, seeing a lingering life, a mere flicker in her eyes. He held her tenderly in his arms, gently sweeping her long tresses out of her face, the blood on her dress staining the white shirt he always wore, the liquid doing more harm than good outside her body. He bit her neck pleading that though she had no blood, she would live with him for eternity. That he could finally tell her. That the fragile star would be bright again. Her eyes were dead, and he dropped the shell that was once his secret beloved, her body falling with a loud thud that all the bystanders heard, as they looked upon their master, grief in their crimson eyes, having heard the argument. His sun now a black hole, stealing all the happiness he ever had and taking it with her. He broke, the light in his eyes gone with hers, and Caius Volturi said his last words to her, "But, I loved you too." Amen (Epilogue) Aro certainly knew of the flower that had been a bud, for the few brief moments in the office that died with the harsh frost of reality. With Bella, Caius too perished, much like she had been when she first arrived in Volterra. He did not have the same fire inside, his eyes dull and empty, always black no matter how often they made him hunt. He no longer cared for life, while the two other brothers lived for their wives Sculpicia and Didyme. He was only present when they spoke of the Cullens, cursing them with all his might, the only reason he had to live. The stupid boy eventually went deeper into a relationship with a nomad named Victoria, the one who tried to hurt his beloved Isabell, the one who was allowed to escape because of him. The rest of the family mourned the loss of the mortar of their coven, leaving behind the unrepentant immortal. Eventually, his evil actions with the harlot Victoria called for the needed attention to kill them. He took his time making up for his past sins, showing him every memory of his time after she killed herself, making the idiotic boy pay for the state her mind was in. He showed him the garden that every year, on the anniversary of her death, was painted in fresh blood, hers. But when it came to killing the child, he found he could not, Isabella's ghostly words echoing in his head, that he could not kill him, for her sake then and now. Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name; thy kingdom come, thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day, our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. Amen (Epilogue)