me, I would like to have a life to live. I think my face showed how I feel because he just chuckled. "I'll be back in a few hours to check on you and then speak to your parents about your release from the hospital for tommarow, right now I think some of you family would like to speak to you now that your awake." And just on queue a very determined Grandma Amanda came into the room with a very distraught nurse and my whole entourage aka my family flanking behind the said nurse. The stood still though when their eyes met the glorious body of . "I'm sorry , I tried to tell her she couldn't come in here until you were finished but it seems that Mrs. Mason heard Elizabeth speaking to you." The distraught nurse told . "That's quite alright Tim, I was just leaving any way." said, and then left the room with the nurse flanking him. "Good lord, If I wasn't married with children and grandchildren I would so jump that." Exasperates Grandma Amanda, I almost choked on the nonexistent drink I was having in my mind. Then the most disgusting imagine dropped by in my mined of grandma "Jumping" on . Gag reflexes activate. "Eww me-ma, that's just gross he's like 23." Matt my brother exclaimed. "Still, though…" Grandma said and then became really quiet, and I realized she had this glint in her eye. I was absolutely grossed out because I knew what that glint meant what she was thinking, and it's definitely not PG-13, if you're catching my drift here. I cleared my throat after the long silence making everybody's head snap towards me. "Oh my god, baby are you alright." Mom said rushing toward me. She did not just say that, well of course I'm alright. It's not like I fell off a rust bucket of a ladder that is over a 100 years old, fracturing my leg and then a basket of—and may I say very heavy—apples landed on me making me fall unconscious that landed me in the hospital. No mother I'm just peachy . I must have given her a look between a glare and disbelief because the next second she was apologizing about that. "Sorry, stupid question" She said to me sheepishly to me. "Daaaang, you even got it worst then me when I sprained my wrist last year trying to grab that peach for Aunt Nina's peach cobbler." Says Flynn, I glared at him. Of course he would make this about him why wouldn't he, he was the youngest. Mamas little boy, the apple to her eye. I just sighed and sat up straighter. "Sweety, how are you feeling?" Nana aka you know what figure it out, God gave you a brain use it. Finally a logical question, I relished "My head kind of hurts, but doctor said that would go away in a few days but my leg is whole other matter." I inwardly flinch at the sound of my voice, I sound like a cat that was just drowned, and then ran over. "Yeah the doctor mentioned that to us while you were still unconscious." She said, suddenly a question popped up in my mind. "Hey, grandpa what's the date?" I wondered out loud. He looked at the newspaper that he had brought in with him that had the date on it and told me it from his spot in the corner of room in the rocking chair they had. "It's the 3rd, why?" I sighed in relief, I didn't miss the picnic that would of sucked, especially with me getting that apple that made me fall. Then it hit me. "Holy mic-shizzlez, I've been knocked out for two days ?!" I exclaimed making the heart monitor go haywire, oh so now you decide to work. Suddenly my mother was next to me shushing me. "Calm down Lizzie, you're going to wake the rest of patients up." I glowered at her but calmed down. "I've been asleep for two days." I whispered yelled at her again. "Yes, we've been over this, Lizzie." Suddenly my head snapped to my sister Monica, who like always was on her stupid phone texting her boyfriend who lived back in this little rink a dink of a town in Washington close to where she studies in Seattle. I rolled my eyes and she just shrugged her shoulders and went back texting on her phone. After my little freak out with me being unconscious and mom saying it was perfectly normal to be out that many days and said it was kind of surprising that I wasn't out more – well thanks mom feelin' the love, we talked and spoke a little longer until came and said he needed to do a check up on me and then he needed some papers signed from my parents. After that we said good byes and that they would pick me up in the morning after my release because I needed to spend the night, so could make sure everything was fine with me. I curled up, or at least as much as you can with a cast wrapped around your leg, and breathed in deeply smelling the blankets. They had that hospital smell on them, germ-x and ascetic gloves. I then laid me head on the not-so comfy pillow, cursing at how uncomfortable it was. Then a funny thought crossed my mind, wonder if the apple made? I silently laughed at myself and then closed my eyes and swiftly fell asleep. So what do you think of it, it's just something that I came up with and wondered if I should keep on writing for it? Thanks and like all other author please review. If you don't know where that is it's the little box below that says review, no worries I was like that once, reading author notes that said review and I was like WTH? You cra-cra?! Any-noodles Review!