dryer and watch a movie on cable. Thankfully, I had the next two days off, and I hoped to spend at least one of them figuring out my mystery guest. I hoped that Rosalie would be able to speak with her...to tell her who had hurt her. Rose's shelter worked to get women who had been victims of domestic abuse into apartments and jobs...and to keep them safe from the men who had hurt them. Emmett worked security along with my sister's husband, Jasper, who she'd met through Rosalie. He was a friendly southern guy with an easy, calm manner that the women usually trusted, and both men had taken shifts helping the other staff watch the kids before...mostly children who had been beaten by their fathers or the boyfriends of their mothers and were usually wary of men in general. But it was hard to be scared of Emmett unless you wanted him to be. My father had been volunteering at his daughter-in-law's shelter for the better part of two years, and I'd started helping as well, and on off days, we were often recruited to help assemble beds, clean bathrooms, or even cook. The shelter could use all of the help it could get. My mom, a psychiatrist, as on the payroll as well, and it might as well have been called a family business since my niece, six year old Emilie, had just started going in after school to join in with the other kids and play with them. Thinking of the women reminded me of the girl. She was in the city, apparently alone, with no money or phone, no family or friends to help her. She didn't live here, or she'd have a house or an apartment to go to? Had she just been passing through when the bad luck had hit? Or had she been running from something...or someone? When I finally woke up, I was surprised to find it was nearly ten in the morning, five hours later than I usually slept. Jolting upright, I looked around to find the living room empty, the quiet of house worrying me a little. I jumped up, going to the bedroom and knocking quietly only to receive no answer. As quietly as I could, I tried to turn the knob, surprise that it gave easily. I'd thought she had locked the door the night before. The bedroom was dark, since the curtains were still drawn against the morning light. In my bed, huddled in an exhausted ball, lay my mystery guest, rolled up in a tiny cocoon of blankets and pillows. She slept like the dead, her head buried in my thick pillows, and I chuckled softly. Just as I passed her to use the bathroom, she stirred a little. "I'm sorry." She mumbled, and I turned to her, about to ask why she though she needed to be sorry when I realized her eyes were still closed. "Sorry, sorry...I didn't..." She nestled back into the pillow and spoke again, this time too quietly for me to understand. Why was she sorry? My bladder chose that moment to inform me that it didn't particularly care why the strange girl in my bed was sorry, and I hurried into the bathroom, locking the door behind me, glad that the girl had, at some point, unlocked the door so that I could use toilet. I flinched when the toilet flushed loudly in the silence, but when I left the small room after washing my hands, the girl was still asleep, her entire body except for her head encased in blankets. PEeking out from the covers, I could see the top of her neck and the bruised skin there and reminded myself to call Rosalie. In the mean time, I noticed that the bottle of water was empty and that the wrapper for the pop tart and all of the granola bars were in the trash by the nightstand. I grabbed the water bottle, taking it with me to throw in the trash and grabbed her another before starting breakfast. It wasn't too long before I heard my dryer open and the bedroom door close once more, and she appeared in the kitchen, peaking her head around the refrigerator. "Good morning." I greeted, placing a plate full of eggs and toast with a breakfast sandwich on the side in front of her, then handed her another bottle of water. "I'm going to go take a shower, and then maybe we can talk, okay?" Sh wouldn't meet my eyes, nor had she spoken, but she nodded a little. I gave her my best gentle smile and left her to eat her breakfast, sure that since she hadn't tried to leave last night that she would at lest stay long enough for me to try and get her some help. I shouldn't have been surprised when I came out of the shower, however, to find the apartment empty, but I was. After the night before,I'd honestly thought she would let me help her...or at least take her to the police station to report her purse as stolen. I sighed deeply, rubbing my hand through my wet hair as I searched the small kitchen, then the bedroom and the closets, hoping despite myself that she was hiding somewhere. Her plate was clean, sitting in the drying rack, and she'd taken the bottle of water. Other than that, the apartment hadn't been disturbed. I looked out the window at the flakes of snow lazily drifting from the sky, wondering if I could spot her, but of course, she was nowhere to be seen on the nearly empty streets. As I moved into the living room, I found my little notepad sitting on my coffee table, a pen lying beside it, and she'd obviously pulled it out of my white coat that was hanging by the door. I picked up the note, closing my eyes and dropping into the couch. Thank you Edward. -B.