she is focused on Jacob again. It will be fine Jasper." Jasper nodded and walked away. Bella walked over to Edward and pointed toward the door. "The Denali clan has arrived," said Bella with a smile as they walked over to the door. Before anyone could say anything, Emmett and Seth came running over to them. Garrett looked at Kate pleadingly and she rolled her eyes. "Fine but I swear if you three break anything you will have to deal with me this time. Esme was way too nice last time when you broke the antique lamp," warned Kate. They all ran outside and Rosalie shook her head as she walked over. "Oh no, I better go make sure Alice is keeping an eye on the three of them," groaned Rosalie. They all laughed and Tanya hugged Edward and Bella. Edward looked around but realized there was no one else with them. Edward truly wanted Tanya to be happy. He knew how much effort she put in to try to win his heart and while she would never admit it, a small part of her was still hurt that he found Bella. He knew if she could just find someone to love, everything would be alright. He could tell she was lonely, but she gave a brave smile as usual and her thoughts were only focused on Renesmee. "Where is Renesmee we all want to say hello," asked Tanya as Carmen and Eleazar nodded. Bella showed them into the living room where Renesmee was and Edward looked out the door at Garrett, Seth and Emmett. He laughed as Seth took off his nice shirt and Edward walked outside. "Seth, make sure you three stay close. Renesmee will be opening presents soon," called Edward. Seth nodded and ran into the forest to finish undressing so he could phase as Emmett and Garrett followed him. Edward just shook his head. Later that night, it was time to open presents and Renesmee was halfway through them. The vampires went all out with their lavish gifts. They adored Renesmee and she smiled happily at all the amazing gifts she was receiving. She opened Jacob's next and smiled even more when she saw a charm bracelet with a wolf on it. "How original," muttered Edward and Bella nudged him knowing he was thinking about the gift Jacob gave Bella all those years ago. "Thank you Jacob I love it." Renesmee gave him a hug and Carlisle handed her another gift. "Who is this from," she asked and Nahuel cleared his throat. "It isn't just from me though. My family wanted you to have this as a present from all of us." She opened the box to see an amulet with a moon and sun. It was made of silver and she smiled. "Every one of us or at least the ones of our kind that we know about now have one. My sisters made it for you and I was really happy to be able to give you it. Our kind is rare Renesmee and unlike other vampires we share both features of those most comfortable in the night….the moon…..and humans who are most comfortable in the day….the sun. I hope you like it." She jumped into his arms happily and Jacob gritted his teeth but felt a wave of calm come over him. He glared at Jasper who gave him a glare right back. "Thank you Nahuel I love it of course." Nahuel nodded and smiled, satisfied with the reaction. After the gifts were all received, the vampires stayed a couple of hours longer but knew they should be leaving before the sun was up. Jacob was the only one happy at the end of the party. "Bye, drive or run or whatever you do safe," said Jacob with a smug grin and Tanya looked at Edward. So the mutt is still around? Edward nodded. For good then? Edward nodded again and Tanya smirked. You have brought many mysteries into our lives Edward. Marrying a human then turning her, creating Renesmee, a half human and half vampire, bringing the Volturi too close for comfort….but this tops them all. Edward laughed and gave her a hug. "And yet you know it always works out," assured Edward. She nodded and walked out with the others. Kate was dragging Garrett out. "Garrett we must go before the sun comes up." Emmett and Seth were pouting as their friend was being taken away. "But sweetie just five more minutes and…." "No now let's go," declared Kate. She couldn't help but to laugh at his pout and they walked out. Nahuel went to walk out but Renesmee grabbed his hand. She showed him a picture of him laughing with the family. "Stay, there is plenty of room," offered Renesmee. Jacob growled and Nahuel gave a charming smile. "Oh I think this place is pretty full right now," said Nahuel and Renesmee shook her head. "Please it will be fine," she pleaded. He sighed and looked into her eyes. The room went quiet and Edward smiled a little as Jasper stiffened from the amount of emotions. There were such extremes in the room. Jacob's rage, Renesmee's disappointment, Nahuel's affection, it was a lot to handle and Alice held Jasper's hand for support. Nahuel smiled. "I will make you a deal. When you have your next really big party then I will come and maybe stay a couple of extra days alright," he bargained. She nodded happily and Nahuel looked at Edward as he asked in his thoughts. Is that alright? "I think her seventeenth birthday will be a pretty big one," assured Edward. Renesmee smiled and Nahuel nodded. "Well then Renesmee I will see you then, I promise," vowed Nahuel. She nodded and he took his leave. Jacob placed his arm around her protectively as she watched Nahuel depart. Edward and Jasper looked at each other both a little confused about what they just saw and what it really meant.