playing with her cousin. I think I heard his name was Zach. "Dinner is ready," I said. Everyone looked at me and Emmett grinned. I was beginning to recognize that one did not come between him and food. "Can I have milk, Bella?" Charlie asked me. "Now, Charlie, Bella has been cooking for awhile. I'll get you milk," Edward said. We stared at each other and I shook my head. "I'd love to get you some, Charlie." I walked into the kitchen as everyone began to sit down in the dining room. When I got the gallon of milk out of the fridge I saw that Edward had followed me. "I'm surprised she remembers me," I said, pouring the milk into a cup and handing it to him. "She's a smart girl," Edward said quietly. I was curious about what was going on in his head. When we talked on the phone he hadn't sounded like this. "I can tell." We walked back into the dining room and took our seats. I was seated down the table from Edward. However, I couldn't help looking at him. He talked about the little things like they were the biggest moments in his life. Not once were his books mentioned. His favorite thing to talk about? Charlie. "When she was four, she ate a button," Edward said, smiling at his daughter as she just shrugged and slurped up some spaghetti. "She ate a button!" Alice asked. "Yeah, and I freaked out. It was terrible; afterwards though, it was kind of funny. She kept saying 'you gone tell everyone, Daddy' and I do." "Can I talk to you?" Edward asked me later on while we were sitting in the living room, watching an amusing game of Mario Cart going on between Emmett, Jasper and Charlie. "Sure." Edward The moment I walked into Jasper and Alice's house I saw her. It was like I had radar and it went wild. I tried not to stare, that would have been weird. I could tell, though, that my brother and Rose were very amused and intrigued. Even Charlie seemed to sense what was going on. Hell, she even asked Bella to get her milk. Finally, I decided that I needed to grow a pair and talk to her. This burning in the pit of my stomach was spreading through my entire body. I could feel it in my chest, in the tips of my fingers and behind my eyes. I wanted to brush that strand of hair out of her face. I wanted to kiss those lovely pink lips and rest my hand on the small of her back. "Can I talk to you?" I asked her. Everyone was distracted. Charlie, Emmett and Jasper were playing Mario Cart and Charlie was kicking serious ass. "Sure," Bella said. She stood up and walked away. I followed her because I felt that she would know somewhere secluded and private. The fire within me had seeped into my brain, and erased all rational thoughts as I half-hoped that she'd bring me to a bedroom. I shook my head, trying to get those things out. I just wanted to talk to her. Thankfully, we went into a study. "So," Bella said, as I shut the door and looked at her. I rubbed the back of my neck and wondered where I should start. "I've been thinking about you a lot," I said awkwardly; Bella blushed and looked down. Open mouth, insert foot , I thought. "I've been thinking about you, too." I looked at her, feeling surprised that she had admitted to it. "But it's weird." I huffed and sat down in one of the chairs. Bella sat down in the seat next to me and I could see her nodding her head in agreement. "We barely know each other." "I know." "You're probably going back to New York soon, too." "Yeah, I am." "So nothing would really happen between us," Bella said. She was staring at the many shelves full of books. There was a thoughtful expression on her face and I wondered if she was thinking the same as I was; could something happen between us? "You're right," I finally said. Bella looked up at me and once more I wanted to brush her hair back behind her ear. "I would still like to keep in touch. I think we should be friends." I smiled when she said that. It made me feel so hopeful, knowing that she would still be in my life in some way. "Yes, definitely," I said and just so I could satisfy myself I leaned toward her. Bella's eyes started to drift closed and for a moment I realized she thought I was going to kiss her. I wanted to, but we had agreed that we wouldn't do that. So, I gently brushed aside her hair. Bella opened her eyes and we stared at each other. I was very much aware of my thumb resting on her cheek. When she looked down, I realized I'd been touching her for too long and I pulled my hand away. "So, friends?" I said. Bella looked at me, and smiled. "Friends," she said. Charlie They thought I didn't know. But the first time I saw Bella, I knew she was Belle from Disney. It was because of her eyes and the way she smiled at me. I saw how she smiled at Daddy, too. And Daddy didn't know it yet, but he smiled at her the same way. They were going to be together for ever and ever; even if I had to give them a little push first. This was my contribution to the Fandom Against Famine Compilation. I have an idea and plan to continue it. Maybe during the summer it'll become a full story. You can vote on my profile on which story I should pick first to continue. This will be there so vote for it i you want to read more. :)