getting closer, and I cursed silently in frustration when I was, once more, prevented from getting Emmett. And then Emmett had my arms. I snarled, trying to twist out of his grip, and Jasper chuckled, stalking forward. They were savoring their little victory. I growled irritably, wishing we'd been more specific about the rules, when suddenly, there was a quiet snarl, and a blur emerged from the woods, tackling Jasper. Recognizing the form immediately, I used the distraction to slam my head back into Emmett's, kicking at his knee with my heel, and then spinning, my teeth against his neck "I got you!" Bella was sitting triumphantly on top of Jasper's stomach, and she'd obviously tagged his neck, because he wasn't fighting. She was smiling ear to ear, giggling softly, and I knew Jasper couldn't help his amusement when she was so proud. "You little cheat." He teased, reaching up and shoving her off. "Get off." He chortled, siting up rolling his eyes. She was lying on her back, hair splayed out around her head, the sun making her skin sparkle. Her eyes, still blood-red, were full of mirth as she laughed at her brother. Her eyes met mine then, and I felt my heart flip. Flashing over to her side, I reached down, kissing her soft, warm lips with as much passion as I felt, knowing that I couldn't hurt her. In fact, her grip on my back was almost a little too tight, but I didn't mind. "I believe I owe my victory to you." I murmured, my lips only a centimeter from hers as I pulled her up, picking a leaf out of her hair. "I thought you were helping Esme." "I was, but then I heard you were in trouble, so I had to come save you." She teased, her forehead touching mine, and I smiled, rubbing a finger along her cheek. "Shame on you, Emmett, cheating like that." She stuck her tongue out at our giant brother, and he rolled his eyes, joining Rosalie and Alice on the over on the ground. Esme and Carlisle came out, appearing beside my sisters, and Carlisle crossed his arms just as a little black dog appeared, jumping into Bella's lap and attacking her face with her tongue. "Hey girl." She cooed, snuggling the little puppy and kissing her head. I rubbed the dog's back, putting an arm around Bella. "Who won?" He wondered, obviously amused. "Bella." Jasper answered with a rueful grin, nodding his head over to us, and Esme laughed. "I was wondered where she was running off to." Esme looked around, her eyes soft and her thoughts content as she surveyed her family. She loved it when all was peaceful and happy in her family, and since Bella, that had happened more and more. "Bella, wasn't there something you wanted to show Edward?" She prompted my fiancé with a tiny smile. "Oh! Right!" My love's eyes lit up as she turned to me. "We finished plans for the bedroom…I mean, decorating it." Since we'd moved to the new house, we hadn't done much besides the actual architecture, and some remodeling. Bella and I were sharing a large master bedroom that was, at the moment, empty of all furniture but a large bed. We'd taken the first week or so to get her adjusted to life with us and to play, enjoying some stress-free time. Of course, we all pitched in in the cleaning as well, and Bella and I had worked in the library, unpacking the books and placing them on shelves. Bella and I would decorate the room…well, she would. I would be happy with anything as long as she was, and we were planning on going shopping soon. We needed to start getting her around humans in a controlled environment so that she could start building tolerance. She hadn't registered for classes yet, and we all wondered if she would be ready to attend class by the start of the fall semester. "Come on!" She jumped to her feet, tugging me up as well, and I chuckled as hauled me to the house, past everyone else, and Carlie leapt into Jasper's arms, not happy to be ignored. "I'm coming, I'm coming." I laughed, gripping her hand and kissing it. She was so happy…I felt it, as though I were Jasper. I paused as she pulled me into the kitchen, placing my hands around her waist, lifting her and spinning her around, my lips finding hers, and like a typical newborn, she was instantly distracted. She wrapped her arms around me, lifting her legs, and I groaned a little, hitching her legs over my hips. As she wound herself around me, pressing against my body, I realized that, if I had any hopes of the wedding night I'd planned, we would need to stop. "Love…" I murmured, gasping as her lips moved to my neck. She'd become more and more bold, and I couldn't complain, but she was making it harder to stop every time. "You wanted to show me something." "Mhm." I chuckled when she didn't stop, her tongue touching the skin right under my ear. "Wedding night." I reminded her, trying to pull gently away, but I didn't have much fight in me. "Edward…" She whined, her adorable nose scrunching as she pulled away. "It's going to be great." "Fine." She rolled her eyes, grabbing my hand and pulling me into the kitchen where she'd laid out the plans. "Okay, so I was thinking we could use this color…or maybe this one. But the bedding can be like this…I like this pattern, what do you think?" I could understand her excitement. As much as she didn't like shopping, she was happy to decorate our bedroom together. Grinning and nodding as I put an arm around her, I listened to her ideas on color scheme, wondering if she'd gotten any of them from Esme or Alice. "Edward? Are you listening?" "Of course, my love."