again until we were parked outside the house. "Mom has gone out. Dad's in his office as usual." He told me as he got out of the car. I too got out and shut the door behind me. "Where's Judson?" Jasper turned at the mention of our younger brother. "I don't know." It was probably the truth. Judson liked to get out of the house as often as he could. He also couldn't stand to be in the same room as our parents for too long. They were strict people, and hardly ever showed their true emotions. This is why it came to a bit of a shock to me when my mother broke down in tears the day the school phoned. Normally they were too wrapped up in the thought of money to worry about us and our school time. Climbing the spiral staircase to my bedroom, I listened quietly to my father whistling in his office. I knew that in a few hours time he would emerge and ask me about my session at the hospital, but that wouldn't be until he finished his work. I was okay with that though; the very last thing I wanted to do was talk about it. ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ "Rosalie? Rosalie! Rose?" A muffled voice whispered loudly from behind the doorway to my room. "ROSE!" I groaned and reached to rub my tired eyes. I quickly scrambled out of my bed as my wounds rubbed against the fabric of the sheets. The red numbers on the clock stated it was 3:03am. Shoving on my hoodie, I very quietly padded across the wood floor to the door. I turned the handle and peeked out of the gap. Judson stood there in a pair of boxers; his six pack gleaming in the moonlight that shone through the landing window. I scrunched my eyes up; trying to see through the light, and ushered him into my room. I gently closed the door behind me and quickly walked to my bed. I sat down and let my hair fall over my face like a cape - hoping it shielded my face from him. It felt like his eyes could burn holes through my skin, like I was burning. I glanced towards my hand – tracing a bluish vein with my eyes. Judson stood firmly in the middle of the room – his body still and his eyes held on my face. Peeking up under my lashes, I saw that his jaw was tightly closed and his hands balled into fists. I took in a sharp breath and pulled the covers around me. He might have been younger than me, but there wasn't a doubt that he was certainly stronger. "Why are you cowering?" His husky voice asked from the shadows. He didn't feel like my brother at all. Despite the deepness in his voice, I picked up the slight edge of confusion on his tongue. I didn't answer. Instead I raised my head and looked at him. "I'm scared Jud." I murmured. The sharpness of his eyes degraded and he rushed towards me. His arms reached out and in seconds I was secured in his hug. "Why are you scared?" He asked. "I don't know." I whispered. Of course I knew. Why wouldn't I know about them? About him? I let out a small sob and hugged my brother tightly. I was always the one that broke down in the family. Even my little brother had to take care of me. That was wrong, but I needed him, as much as he needed me. He rested his head on my shoulder and rocked us both wordlessly. My heavy eyelids threatened to close again but I forced them open. The room blurred around me. I had to stay awake. I couldn't let them swallow me whole. The fact that Judson was humming a lullaby didn't help the matter. I felt myself become weightless. My lips parted, my body sagged and my eyelids closed. Abruptly, I rocked myself up and stared wide-eyed at Judson. I could stay awake if I believed. He narrowed his eyes at me. "You were just falling asleep. Why aren't you willing to go to sleep?" I started to bite my lip in anticipation. Should I tell him? No. I couldn't tell him. I hadn't even told Jasper these things. I had to protect my brothers; they were the only ones I had. They had to live a happy and safe life. "I'm not tired." I lied, pulling myself out of his grasp. I headed towards my giant, curved window and pulled myself up on the sill. The neighborhood was calm; every house in complete darkness. A cat roamed the sidewalk below; his eyes glowing yellow in the night. There were very little cars in gear. All was silent on Oak Avenue. Judson scoffed from behind me as he approached the window. "Bull. Complete bull. What's going on Rosie?" My jaw clenched. What's going on? How could people not see that this is how I was? I had been like this for 3 whole years. I thought I was reacting fine. "Just go to bed, Judson. You shouldn't be up. Go to sleep." "You shouldn't be up either." He grumbled as he exited my room. 16 year old's were so hard to deal with. Or was he the only observant 16 year old around? I was able to keep my eyes open for 2 more hours before I felt someone moving me from the window. It felt like Jasper but I couldn't really tell. "I love you Rosalie. Don't forget that." A gentle kiss found its way on my forehead as I drifted off into the darkness. ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ :') I adopted this story, and I'm loving it :) Rosalie fanfics don't normally get many reviews but my old Rose story did so can I please get some reviews? I love you guys so much! feel free to check out my other stories while you're here!