her mate smiled as he pulled her into his arms. "Beautiful as always, you know I find you even sexier when you are planning something," he informed and she winked at him. "Then you must find me extremely sexy right now. It is all coming together." "How are you feeling? Do you need to hunt? I know this is draining your energy." "I will be fine since I have extra motivation to make sure this works. After years of planning, we are finally going to do what so many have tried to and failed. The vampire world is counting on us to make this right." "Then we should deal with any hiccups beforehand. We have a problem with one of the recruits," said Ennis as he entered the room and the mates turned to face him. "A problem," asked Dag. "One of them would like to speak with you two," said Ennis and she sighed as she turned back to face the mirror and fix her hair. Dag looked at his mate and then gave a curt nod. "Bring them all in, let's make this a group affair," said Dag and Ennis nodded before darting out of the room. He returned with twenty vampires and they were silent as the woman finished primping in the mirror. Dag cleared his throat to get her attention and she spun back around to face them. "Yes, right, someone has a problem," she questioned, but no one said a word. She began to slowly circle the group. "You know, I understand. It is scary to think about everything we must do to save ourselves and all the values we hold dear. I remember, even though it is not very clear anymore, the first time I faced an army of British soldiers. I was terrified. They had the resources and the manpower, but I had something they did not, courage. Fear is normal in such a circumstance, but do not let it mislead you. That fear comes from Volterra because they want to own us. They want to dominate us and tell us how to exist. Most in our world are too scared to take a stand, but we have courage. We know what we are and what we need to survive." One of the vampires stepped forward. The woman could tell she was nervous as she found her voice. "But we can survive off of animal blood as well. Maybe they just don't want us to have to kill humans if it is unnecessary," said the vampire and the woman smirked. "Have you tried animal blood? It tastes unnatural. The very thought makes my stomach turn. Human blood makes our body buzz. It is the natural way. Aro was an evil man, but at least he understood that! He never tried to starve us of our true desires. I understand if you have second thoughts. I know what I am asking of you, so if you have something to say, then speak now," she urged. The vampires began to whisper and another stepped forward. "We know that Alice Cullen has not come after us and that you are blocking her, but for how long? Once she knows of the plan, we are as good as dead and that is if we even survive in the first place." "The three of us each have remarkable powers and together, we are unstoppable. How many vampires do you know that can challenge Alice Cullen? You should worry about me, not Alice. After all, I don't just have the ability to disappear, but I have the ability to make others disappear as well. You made your choice because you know I am right. The new way is flawed, so join us and help us stop it. Alice Cullen will never see us coming, you have my word," she said as she held out her hand. The two vampires glanced at each other and the man reluctantly shook it, but the other woman did not. "This is a suicide mission. The vampire world is already hearing the whispers of a rebellion. There is no way any of us will get away with this. I rather drink the blood of animals and survive than drink the blood of humans and be slaughtered. If the Volturi do not stop us, Zachary McCarty Cullen will." Dag glanced over at his mate and nodded. She sighed but nodded as well. "I am sorry you feel that way because you are wrong. It is simple really. You cannot stop what you cannot see," she informed before disappearing. The other vampires gasped as the female recruit was beheaded. Dag picked up the head and Ennis started a fire in the corner to dispose of the body. The woman appeared again and dusted off her hands. "We do not have time for these hesitations. You joined us because you wanted to be on the right side of the fight. Traitors will not be tolerated! I need rebels, warriors willing to fight for what has been taken from us! This is not about powers. It is about survival," she shouted and the vampires began to nod. "By the time we are done, every vampire in our world will be free to drink the blood of humans without judgment. It is time to stop the new way from spreading like the disease it is," she encouraged and the vampires cheered. They got back to work and she sighed as her mate wrapped an arm around her. "I hate to say it, but Rayna had a point. We will not be able to keep this up for much longer. No matter how much we hunt, you are getting weaker. I sense it," warned Dag and she nodded. "Which is why we need to speed things up, they are getting too antsy. If we want this to work, we need to strike. No more planning. It is time," she announced before storming out to go hunt and her mate smiled.