"That's my father. He tends to drop by unexpectedly...a lot." Miss Cullen rubs the back of her neck and closes here eyes. "Shall we continue?" She sounds tired. I smile kindly. Angela might kill me for this but I think she's dealt with enough today. She doesn't need me badgering on questions and more questions, most of them that are far too personal. "It's okay. I think I've got all I need." I see her visibly relax. Probably glad she can get out of here. I'd bet she's been here since the early hours of the morning. What does she even do in here all that time? I doubt it would be all paper work. Maybe she deals with clients? I don't know. I smile. Her shoulders are less tense now. I'm glad. Seeing her relax makes me feel calmer. I'm nowhere near as nervous as when I first came in her. I feel at ease. Just being around her is making me relax. "Very well. It was nice talking to you, and please tell Angela that if she wishes to talk again to just send me an email and I'll respond to her when I have the time." "I will. Thank you for your time Miss Cullen." She walks with me out of her office, opening the door then joining her father, locking it behind her. I walk over to the elevator. The last thing I see is her smile before the door closed and I'm heading to the ground floor. The door dings and I step out. Pulling my jacket around me tighter. The receptionist hands me a card on the way out. It's Miss Cullens business card. It's silver with 'Cullen Corp' written on the back in thin black cursive writing, and an email and phone number at the bottom. As well as a website. The back is left blank. I shove it in my pocket and leave the building, heading over to my car. It stands out like a sore thumb but it doesn't bother me. My dad bought it for me when I was sixteen, just before everything went to shit, and he found out. He thought it would be easier for me to get around with a car. And he was right. It helped out so much. I love the poor thing. Even if it s a bit rough around the edges. I unlock it and climb in, tossing the clipboard onto the passenger seat and taking off. Dark clouds gather ahead and I drive as fast as I can. I leave a bit out of the city, in the more middle-class area. Not posh but not trashy either. I'd call it homey. There's nice people, good friends, decent malls, coffee shops, uusic shops, everything really. It's a lovely place. I pass by the local grocery store to a block of flats right round the corner. I live on the second floor. I share a place with my Angela. We've been stuck together since highschool. We clicked, and have been best friends ever since. She's a bit nerdy and more of a bookworm than I am, she's intelligent and very creative. She loves college, absorbing the information, meeting new people, and most of all she loves writing. She's the head of a magazine at college. It might not be that great of an accomplishment just yet, but I really think she can go far with this. Considering the status of the magazine, I'm surprised Miss Cullen even took the interview. Anyway me on the other, I'm the complete opposite of her. I'm more clumsy, unintelligent and well I don't like books. I'm more of a sporty type person. I know I'm a clutz but there's just something about sports and exercise that makes me feel like I can coordinate properly. I call it my medicine. I would say I love writing but I don't despise it either. I feel it's a nice way to express yourself. I drive into out parking space then leave, dragging my clipboard with me. It's way into the evening before Angela gets in. I'm on the sofa in my pyjamas, waiting for take out to get here. The T.V's on but I'm not watching it, I'm more focused on the person I'm researching on my laptop. My Laptops old and doesn't really work properly but it's doing the job... Really really slowly. "Soo how did it go?!" She asks excitedly, dropping her bags by the door and jumping over the sofa. I groan and close my laptop, placing it on the table in front of me. My steaming cup of coffee sitting next to it. "Goddamnit could you give me some fucking warning?" I slap her arm lightly. She just laughs. "What did I do?" She says laughing. "Well for starters I went in jeans and a polo top." She vocers her mouth, hiding her grin. "Not a fucking word." She nods silently, her grin getting wider. "Second THOSE QUESTIONS YOU MORON." "Okay okay, I'm sorry, I could've warned you. But you got to admit this was so much fun." I roll my eyes. "Sure fun." I cross my legs and grab the blanket from the back of the sofa. "I bet you enjoyed it. So how was she?" I shrug, pulling it in closer. "She was intimidating. She clearly didn't enjoy some of the questions you made me ask. Oh and she hoped you were alright and said if there were any more questions to email her, or something like that." "Awesome!" She yawns. "Right well I'm going to bed. I'll tell you all about it tomorrow morning." She grumbes as she walks off. "YEAH, WHILE YOU'RE MAKING MY COFFEE!" I lob a pilow at her head, she dodges it with a chuckle before closing her bedroom door. I sigh and pluck laptop off the table. Back to my research. To my happiness the page has loaded. Its an article on Cullen Corp. Thank you fo reading :)