seconds, I swear." I laugh and sit down next to him. "What are you looking for?" He smiles at me and inspects his hand. "Your sanity." He blurts out with a cheeky grin. "Ha ha very funny. But if you're doing that you might want to look for yours aswell." He laughs "Well you seem to be in a good mood, actually you seem to be in a fantastic mood. What happened to you?" I shrug and lie down on the floor to look under the over. I see something shiny and I grin. "What did you drop?" I ask him, hoping he forgets the questions he just asked me. "An old family ring. It's nothing special; my father gave it to me before I came here." His eyes scan around the oven. "The only reason I want it is to remind me that I did live somewhere other than this place." I nod. "Well I think I can see it." I reach my much thinner arm under the oven and grab hold of the shiny thing. I slide it onto my finger then pull my arm out. "I thought you had it?" I wave my still clean fingers around. "I do, and it suits me don't you think?" The ring is far too large even for my thumb to sit on comfortably. I tilt my hand and the ring slides off into his awaiting palm. "Thanks" He smiles "Leah would've been pissed at me if I lost it." I raise an eyebrow. "You two are brother and sister?" Jake nods and puts the ring back on his finger. The silver metal really stands out against his dark skin. It's been a couple of days now, and I wait in my room every night for as long as I can for this other person to come. She hasn't yet, and I'm starting to believe that my visions are playing a nasty trick on me. I sigh, maybe those other two just want to see me get out of here. I've considered it, but for the life of me I can't figure out why. I'm a nobody to those beautiful people. They shouldn't even be talking to me, not that I'm upset that they had. On the contrary, I'm actually glad that they introduced themselves to me, even if they were a bit vague about it. "Yeah we are. I'm starting to think she hates that little fact though, she keeps getting angry at me. Usually over nothing, and I think she's starting to come down with something. Which I'm starting to understand that's bad in this place. I've told these two guards that she keeps having hot flushes and uncontrollable shaking but they don't care. They just turn into statues, and don't say anything." I shrug. "Have you told the doctor?" He chuckles. "What, so he can stick things into her aswell?" I frown, acting as if I don't know what he's on about. Even though he's thinking of the wrong person. "Don't play stupid, several people saw guards carrying you back to your room. They described you as a bloody fucking mess, with piercings in every place they could see." I scowl at him. "You don't know anything." I stand up and walk back round the counter to continue on with my chores until it's time for us to go to the showers. I take the towel from the man outside the room and the shampoo, conditioner and shower gel from my locker in the shower room. I have to strip down along with every other girl in here and go to my shower. The water could be hotter but I'm not complaining, the people who have a shower after us will have even colder water to wash themselves with. I clean myself as quick and thoroughly as I can. I'd rather not have these girls look at me much longer. I can see that they're looking for the scars that should be covering my body. Which I admit, I have also done, this morning in fact, since I'm also confused that they are no longer there. Even though I should be covered in marks and bruises after what that bastard did to me. I swear the ordeal had happened, even Rosalie and Emmett said it happened. So why can't I find any marks on me? Not even the scar across my stomach is there anymore. I grab my towel of the hook and wrap it around my body once the shower is off. I put my stuff back in the locker and leave the showers and run to my room. The door locks behind me and I sit down on my bed. Her beautiful golden eyes are staring out at a gigantic building, it's a cloudy day and there's no sun shining through the clouds. She starts her walk up to it and manages to reach it in under a minute. She looks at the windows, a thoughtful look on her face. She enters through the front door, and walks passed all the guards she sees. And if anybody asks who she is, she just says she's hear to meet 'Sir Mcaylan'. She stops abruptly and looks up above her, to the white cracking ceiling. Her eyes scan until they lock onto a certain area. A grin lights up her face. I shake my head, this is just getting ridi-the door swings open. I tighten my towel around my naked body and brace myself to see Mr Mcaylan's son, but no. I freeze and stare at the beauty in front of me. She walks in and grins at me. "Hello Alice." What did you think? And now Bella is there she will explain a few things, not all at once but she will. Thank so much for reading, and I would appreciate it if you left a review. Even if it's to tell me how much you hate the two guys that own her and the building. Lia