her physical appearance, but not her mannerisms." "And you can tell all of that just from that short video," questioned Alexander and she smiled slyly at him. "Did you know that when you are just standing around, like now, your back foot is your right foot? Every single time, it is really funny once you pick up on it. I think it is because you like to crouch and push off of your right foot, which means even when you are surrounded by allies, you are ready to spring into action as soon as possible," she informed. "You and I have never fought, so how would you know how I like to crouch," he asked and she shrugged nonchalantly. "I watched you fight Jasper and Garrett before when you were training," explained Allie and he slowly nodded in awe. "So then, Italy," said Alexander and she nodded again. "Why so close to the Volturi though," asked Tanya and Allie shrugged. "I have no clue," she admitted. "No one in their right mind would taunt the Volturi by being so close by," said Zafrina. "Actually, they would because it is the last place the Volturi would look, not the first. I doubt they live in Volterra, but Italy is a big country. There are plenty of places to hide and while the Volturi are scouring the world looking for her, she is here, close, but never too close," explained Kate. "That would explain some activity I saw months ago in Nerola. Here is the video. She starts off as an older man, a tourist, but then disappears in this crowd in the town square," explained Gavin and Allie nodded in agreement. "Crowds would benefit her, a place where there are tons of people to emulate and become. Can you show me that crowd, please," asked Allie and Gavin zoomed in on the video. Allie pointed to an elderly woman leaving the square. "There she is, exiting at the northern gate. What was she doing there in the first place," asked Allie. "This is the sight of one of the bank robberies. Millions were stolen, quite a payday for her. We do know that she hits a bank every month, all around the world. Any chance you know where she will go next," asked Lena. "Zach, remember what news report was on outside of that shop in Florence," asked Allie. "They were talking about routing zones for cash transfers for big banks. Sometimes they use smaller banks to stockpile money in while the bigger banks are treated as decoys," said Zach. "Oh yea, like a bank in New York City would be a decoy while the money would be transferred to Saratoga Springs. Bank robbers aren't focused on small towns like that. They think the big draw will be in cities," added Josh. "Based on the pattern, she circles back home to Italy and when she does, France will be hit. Gavin, I need two things. Where people think the most money in banks in France are and where the money actually is," said Allie. Gavin's eyes began to glow as he touched one of the computers. "Paris is where people search for money, but they would have better luck in Reims. Wait, I think you are right. Reims just received a large transfer yesterday," said Gavin. "Look at the banks she robbed, how many days after they received a large transfer was the place emptied," asked Allie and his eyes widened. "Two and always at night," he answered. "Then I guess we should head to Reims," said Allie and Zach's eyes widened. "We," he asked and she nodded. "They need our help finding her, Zach. She could have codes, intel, things that could set off nuclear warheads and kill my family, plus end the world. We have to find her and stop her as soon as possible," urged Allie and Zach glanced over at his parents. Emmett nodded. "She is right. The more of us that help, the better chance we have at stopping her," agreed Emmett. Zach slowly nodded and hugged his mate as Marcus sighed in relief. "Didyme and I will stay here to make sure other operations are running smoothly, but you will have the help of any guards you need. Alexander, Lena, your assignment is to keep them safe by any means necessary. Gavin, you, Roman, Iris, and Leonardo will stay together. Didyme and I will make whatever other arrangements that are needed and you can leave tomorrow," informed Marcus and Josh raised his hand. "Does this huge castle happen to have a bed," he asked and Marcus chuckled. "Of course, Josh, Didyme and I will show you and your family to some rooms. I am sure you are tired." Josh sighed in relief and Zach pulled his mate closer to him. "We should hunt," suggested Zach, but Allie shook her head. "I am okay. I want to go over this data again," she assured and he hesitantly nodded as she sat down in front of a computer. Rosalie winked at him, sensing his concern. "She just wants to catch this woman," whispered Rosalie. "I know mom, but she doesn't even know her. Why is she so adamant about this?" "Zach, one of the things I think made you fall in love with Allie is her competitive drive. She enjoys a physical challenge, but this is something that I think drives her even more, it is mental. This woman is a challenge to her, unidentifiable, hard to track, and Allie is all about finding ways to identify people. She finds patterns and learns from them. This is her ultimate challenge," explained Rosalie. "I just don't want her to get hurt. We know nothing about this woman," whispered Zach and Rosalie kissed his cheek. "You will be there to protect her. We all will," assured Rosalie. He hugged his mother before sitting beside his mate, knowing she was anxious to find the woman that had them on edge.