we could do for her to show our appreciation. "Edward, do you think Kaure will still be part of the cleaning crew? Or do you think we could find her? When we were here before, she risked angering a vampire to check on me, and if she hadn't shared her tribe's legends with you, I'm not sure how things would have turned out. I would like to thank her, maybe do something for her to show my appreciation." I spoke in a voice too quiet for humans to hear. "I don't know. But we can certainly try to track her down." I could tell from the tone of his voice that he liked the idea and was starting to make his own plans. "Hmmm. We will need to go without Renesmee. Kaure would undoubtedly recognize her resemblance to both of us, and she does not need to know about the accelerated aging - that was not part of her tribe's legends." "I have some old pictures we could show her. Kaure would expect her to look about nine years old now, so we could show her pictures from the first 3 or so years." I thought some more, trying to think of what we could do to show our appreciation. I had no idea what she might want or need. "I'm not sure what we could do for her. We'll have to just ask her, and even if she won't tell us maybe you will hear something in her thoughts, and we can return with a gift for her." "Yes, my little talent does prove to be useful from time to time," he agreed, with my favorite crooked smile. "But she's not aware of my mind-reading, so we'll need to be careful about that." He paused, then continued his thoughts about our plan. "If we go together, she will see that I have changed you. She should not be too surprised, since their legends of the Libishomen do include the ability to change humans, but she will probably be frightened. But I think we can convince her that we mean no harm." "My thoughts exactly," I said, feeling and relieved that he had objected to the idea of us visiting Kaure. I had been concerned he might not think it was safe for her to see I had been transformed. But Edward had already confirmed to her that he was what she had suspected. Would it really matter if she knew of two vampires instead of just one? "We're almost there," Edward whispered. A few seconds later plane began to descend. Jacob and Renesmee both woke up as we landed. We once again took a taxi through the streets of Rio, headed toward the ocean. But this time Jake and Renesmee were with us. We would be dropping them off at their beach house on our way to the dock. The beach was far enough from Esme's island to allow each couple privacy - it was well out of Edward's "hearing" range when we were on the island, but it was close enough that we could meet up and do some activities together as well. Mostly we would want to spend this vacation time alone with our mates, as it was an anniversary trip after all, but we also made plans to meet a couple times during our two-week trip for a bit of family time. We arrived at the beach house, and Jake and Nessie got out of the car. I kept my shield around them until they went inside the house, and then we were speeding away to the dock. We got in Carlisle's boat and headed to "our" island. On my first trip in this boat, all I could see around me was darkness, but with my vampire vision the short trip was more scenic. I could even see the fish down in the water, darting away from the boat as we approached. I thought about how I would be able to "snorkel" with Edward without any gear this time. "What are you thinking?" "I was just watching the fish. I couldn't see them last time." I smiled as another thought came to me. "Have you ever hunted underwater? Sharks are predators - I wonder how their blood would taste." "They're quite good, actually. Almost as good as mountain lion." "Seriously?" I asked. I wondered when he had been shark hunting - hadn't he told me he went to the mainland to hunt the last time we were here? "They're more difficult to hunt, since we can't use our sense of smell underwater, but we can keep an eye out for one when we go snorkeling. One would be enough - they're big enough that we could share." I suppressed a smile as an image of Lady and the Tramp sharing their meal of spaghetti sprang to my mind. Two vampires sharing a shark would not have quite the same sweet, romantic quality as the image from the movie. I could see the island up ahead, in clear detail even in the faint light of the moon. It was even more beautiful than I remembered. We arrived at the island, and once again he swept me into his arms and carried me into the house. We flipped on the lights and Edward went back for the luggage. Everything looked the same as before. I peeked in the bedroom and noted the headboard had been replaced with what appeared to be an exact replica. I went into the room with the big white bed and sniffed the pillows. They were new, and these were not filled with feathers. I smiled at his preparedness. It was unlikely he would bite a pillow again, but who knew what other damage we might do. Best to avoid the possibility of another feather mess. He returned and set the luggage down. No need for a human moment this time, I thought to myself. "How does a midnight swim sound?" I asked suggestively.