would have gotten the best of her," teased Edward as he approached and Rosalie rolled her eyes. "I know this is not coming from Mr. Sullen Cullen, himself. You spent many a day scowling and brooding, dear brother." "You would know. I was usually scowling at you." Rosalie punched his shoulder as she stood up to leave and Edward winked at her. "I better get back to the game. I am sure Emmett and Zach have cheated several times by now." "We will be right there," assured Edward and Rosalie departed. Bella sighed happily as her mate engulfed her in his warm embrace. "You lasted longer than I thought you would. I figured you would come after us right away." "I was going to, but Alice assured me that she and Rose could cheer up Renesmee. I knew that was the case when I saw Alice skipping around Renesmee on their way back to the baseball field. I was surprised when Alice had the vision of Rose cheering you up though." "The two of us have come a long way over the years. Wow, that was thirty six years ago. It is all so blurry, back then when Rosalie was not fond of me." "It is funny how it works. Some of the most pivotal moments in our relationship were when you were a human and yet, I am sure it seems like a lifetime ago for you." "I told Renesmee about my mother and why I thought it would be best to just let it be when it comes to her relationship with our daughter." "Do you regret that now?" "No because we are happy and so is she. If my mother ever wanted to come see us, I would be more than happy to make sure that she was able to, but she has her life and we have ours. She is happy getting a letter from me and seeing pictures of Renesmee. I am happy getting postcards from wherever she is living at the moment." "You know when I read Charlie's thoughts, I was afraid that you and Renesmee wouldn't cope well with it." "What was my dad thinking? Is he worried?" "No, more like relieved because now that it is out there, he doesn't have to think about the will anymore. He isn't trying to be morbid. He and Sue remember what it was like for Jacob once Billy was gone and they want to make sure you are taken care of. It is all going to be okay, love." "I know it is, so how about we go play baseball with our family," she suggested and he kissed her tenderly. "Only if I can be on your team," he said with a crooked grin. They held hands as they made their way back toward their family and could hear the rambunctiousness the closer they got. The impact of the bat hitting the ball cracked through the air like thunder and Zafrina managed to scoop up and throw the ball before Garrett could round first base. He stayed put, but Zach cheered for his father to slide home. Zafrina threw it to home plate where Carmen was waiting. As soon as Carmen caught it, she went to step on the plate as she tagged Emmett, but missed the plate by a centimeter. "Cheater, I saw that all the way from over here, Z," shouted Seth as he hopped up and Zach shushed him. "You aren't even playing! You said you wanted to sit this one out. Go back over to your mate," said Zach. Alice shook her head. "You aren't getting away with that one, nephew. You used your power to move the plate so your dad wouldn't be out," accused Alice. "Did not, Carmen missed my dad by a mile!" "Sure did baby boy," agreed Emmett. "Rose," called Tanya, Zafrina, and Alice, but Rosalie simply hummed and took some practice swings. "Not in this," she said in a sing song voice as she walked over to the plate to take her turn at bat. "Of course you are going to say that since you are on their team," said Jasper and Rosalie quirked an eyebrow at him. "I would stay out of it too, dear brother. Unless you want to tell me why you blindfolded my son and tried to attack him earlier," warned Rosalie. "Yea," said Zach and Jasper laughed nervously. "It was a test," defended Jasper. Alice began to whine. "Esme, they are cheating. Just because they are on your team doesn't mean you should condone it," said Alice and Rosalie pretended to cough. "Mama's girl," coughed Rosalie. Esme giggled and motioned for Tanya to come over to her. "Enough you two, Tanya and I will round up our teams and just start over. No more cheating, from either side. Besides, now Edward and Bella are here to join us. Bella, Edward, you are on my team along with Carlisle, Zach, Emmett, Rosalie, Kate, and Garrett." "Wow our team is stacked," giggled Bella and Renesmee playfully glared at her mother. "Funny, that's what I thought when I saw my team, mom," said Renesmee and Jasper wrapped an arm proudly around his niece. "That's right, Renesmee and I have Tanya, Nahuel, Benjamin, Zafrina, Keegan, Eleazar, Carmen, and of course my darlin' Alice, so like I already told Zach, never underestimate your opponent," warned Jasper and Zach smirked. "Well this time I am not blindfolded or being lured into a false sense of security so I think we will be fine. Game on," bellowed Zach and everyone laughed as they took the field. Bella nudged Edward as he grabbed a bat and he saw Nahuel chasing Renesmee around the bases as she tried to keep his hat and glove away from him. "I think she is just fine, love," whispered Edward and Bella tenderly kissed him. "Yes, we all are," agreed Bella and with that, the storm roared on and so did their baseball game.