he grabbed the top of my arms and pinned them to my side. "Bella, if I had a choice between me and you to go on that ship it would be you. But I don't. And I am sorry about that. So you have just gotta trust me. We can get though this. You and me. Me and you. Remember our song? Singin' in the rain ? We gotta do just that. Go through the worst of the storm. We can find ways of getting through this. Remember those old books at home? The ones of how to survive in the wild? Remember my old shotgun, that was passed down from my great, great, great, great grandfather? We're the Swans. We may be pretty but we have a lotta guts. But this will only work if you trust me Bells. I lost your mother, I can't lose you." I sniffled and nodded. "Ok daddy. Let me say goodbye first." I turned towards the family that waited for us and waved. "Goodbye," I managed to choke out. As the Polbots pushed us back the Cullen and Hale family waved, cried and called out their goodbyes. Rosalie's and Alice's faces was streaked with tears, Emmett and Jasper had a hard look on their faces as they tried to remain tough, Esme and Carlisle waved with sorrow and anger rippling across their faces and Edward… Edward was standing there, a shocked look on his perfect face. The last thing I saw from him was him trying to form the words 'good bye' but the hatch sealed before he could finish. End of Flashback Jake barked loudly, pulling me out of my reverie. "Sorry Jake, just reminiscing," I muttered. He pushed his head into my hands and ruffled his fur. A growl rumbled deep in his chest as if to say, "You shouldn't do that again. You freaked me out." "Oh, I won't" I murmured. I looked down at my watch and swore. 4 in the afternoon. Time to go. The sun was setting. I hadn't seen the stars for the past 7 years. God I missed them. And the moon. The beautiful full silvery moon. I hopped onto the board and we began to shoot back home. We descended down the steps and I secured the door. I unloaded the shotgun and put it into the locker again. I kicked off my boots and exchanged them for slippers. I took out a steak from this morning and pulled out an old gas barbecue. I began to grill the steak, until it was perfectly done. I then pulled out another steak for Jake but this time covered it with tomato sauce and sprinkling of canned vegetables. "Bon appetite!" I said as I set his bowl down. He began to chew his way through his food. I took my steak to the table adding canned sweet corn along the way. I grabbed the TV remote and pressed play. A small colour TV flickered on and the vampire movie I had been watching last night but only got halfway through, began again. It was about a normal human girl falling in love with a vampire. I usually didn't like this type of thing but I enjoyed watching teenagers having a normal-ish life. Watching teenagers worry about trivial things like homework, the opposite sex and appearances seemed wildly fascinating to me. In the distance I heard the howling begin. I tuned it out and continued to watch the movie. Jake had already eaten his plate of grub and was resting on the ground, his head on his paws, looking bored. Once I has finished eating I cleared up and put the dishes into the small metal tub in the bathroom. I washed it up with water from the purifier and then put it all away. I turned to Jake, "You probably reek of Pacific Ocean. Time for a bath." He huffed and began to sulk in the corner while I readied the tub. I filled it with as much water as I could possibly have from the kettle. I picked up some soap and a sponge and said, "Get in Jake. The torture now begins." He huffed and slipped into the water. I poured water over his body and began to scrub the soap in. I continued my song from earlier: Let the stormy clouds chase, Everyone from the place, Come on with the rain, I've a smile on my face. I'll walk down the lane, With a happy refrain, And singin', just singin' in the rain. "Remind me to salt those steaks tomorrow," I murmured pouring water over his body, "we don't want them going off. I think the carrots are ready for harvesting as well. We want to have as much food as possible for winter. We can't go starving now, can we?" Jake barked back and I smiled. I finished washing him and then dried him down. He shook out his body covering me in water as I held my hands out and laughed. The howling was much louder now. I blocked it out, I didn't want to cover it up with more noise otherwise the Hounds would hear it. Instead I got dressed into an old sweatshirt and loose fitting shorts and went to the box in the corner of my room. I opened it to reveal photos from when I was ten. Everyone was in them: Mum, Dad, Alice, Rosalie, Emmett, Jasper, Esme, Carlisle, Edward… I smiled at the memories. Flicking through each one. Picnics, birthdays, Christmases, New Years, Haloweens… everything all in one little box. It was ten before I could actually drag myself to bed. I curled up beneath the covers with Jake at my side and I fell asleep, counting his breathing. What do you think? Should I continue PLEASE REVIEW! For those waiting a new chapter on my other story don't worry it is coming, I just needed to get this out of my system Lotsa hugs SS