server. He ordered a beer and she asked for a martini, keeping it simple. The server was off, and they were quiet. "Tell me about your family, Fe," he asked, flipping over. She figured it'd be about that time, so she flipped over also, laying on her stomach. She reached behind her for the knot in her top, but his voice stopped her. "Can I get that for you?" he asked quietly. "Sure, thanks." She didn't want to speak just yet, her body tingling in anticipation for his touch. She heard the sand shift under his weight as he reached for her back. He carefully picked up a string and tugged gently, untying the knot. He brushed the strings away from her skin, leaving fire behind. She took a deep breath to steady her voice before going into the details of her unexciting life. Then she asked about his, while they flipped again. She attempted to retie her strings, but he brushed her hands away and did it for her. Her stomach quivered with each caress of his knuckles. When he was done, she was thankful for the humidity because her body temperature had risen quite a bit. Laying on her back, him on his stomach again, he told her his story of how he'd moved with his family from London to L.A. so he could pursue his budding career, and in turn attending the same school. "I'm so out of it," she admitted. "I'm sorry can't say I've seen any of your work." She knew as soon as she had a moment alone in her room, she was going to look everything up. "When you're creating your own art, it's easy to fall out of touch," he said, understanding in his voice. "How about we hit the water for a bit?" "Sure." They stood up, and walked next to each other to the water. It was bathwater warm, easy for her to walk into. "Wow it's warm. So nice." "It is," he agreed. They walked slowly until they were waist deep. "On three?" he asked with a smile. "Alright." She took a breath as he counted, then they sank beneath the water. Popping back up and wiping the water from her eyes, she beat him to the surface. Waiting for him, she felt a tug on her left leg. She jumped to get away with a squeal. Robert popped back up with a smile. "You troublemaker," she told him as he wiped his face, a grin on his face when he dropped his hand. "That wasn't trouble, but I could show you, if you'd like," a devilish grin replacing his playful one. She debated again. He was offering, so she'd take advantage. "I don't-" she began slowly, and then he was gone under the water. She turned for the shore, but was grabbed around her hips and lifted up from the water. She'd never seen anything more beautiful. He was smiling up at her, his arms tight around her hips. Yes, she'd take full advantage. "Don't you-" she began in warning, but didn't get another word out. She was launched through the air and splashed into the water a good five feet away from him. She popped back up to see him laughing. She stood where she was, and he made his way towards her. Her stomach quivered. Yes, she would do anything he asked. "You really caught some good air, Fe." "Thanks for the flying lesson," she told him with a playful smack on the arm. "Want another?" The mischievous grin was back. "Rob-" but it was too late. He was below the water, his arms around her like a vise. Well, two can play that game. She wrapped her legs around his waist and held on for dear life. She felt him try to launch her, but run into the resistance. He popped up out of the water, a surprised expression on his face. With her hands on his shoulders, she grinned wickedly. "I'm a quick learner." "I guess so," he murmured, studying her eyes. Instantly the air changed from playful to hungry. She watched his eyes drop to her mouth, taking a moment, then return to her eyes. He seemed to be asking permission. She blinked once slowly, and tilted her chin in invitation. He moved quickly, his mouth crashing on hers, their lips instantly forming to each other, as if they'd been missing the other half. His kiss was urgent and needy, and consumed her entirely. They were no longer in the middle of an ocean with people on the beach, but in their own private bubble. Her hands slid up his neck and into his hair, fisting and pushing him against her. She would have never been able to write this, it was better. Desire shot through her, down her torso and settled between her legs in a ball of needy heat. She rocked her hips against him boldly, and he responded by pulling her tighter against him, if it was possible, and grinded his hips against her. The friction felt amazing, and she needed more. "This is the last tournament, banquet hall in an hour!" They broke apart as if shocked, staring at each other in surprise. "Whoa," Phillipa gasped, touching her swollen lips. Rob nodded, his eyes wide. "We should..." he started. "Get ready for tonight," she said slowly. He nodded again, so they slowly made their way to the shore. As they cleaned up their towels, he turned to her, six inches apart. "Can I sit with you again?" he asked her quietly, searching her eyes. "Yes," she breathed. He caressed her left cheek gently before turning and going to his room. As soon as he was out of sight, she sank down to the sand. Her legs wouldn't support her at the moment. She closed her eyes and committed his feeling to memory, to call upon when she needed it. Yes, it was better than she'd imagined it would be.