and works at the hospital. Esme stays home most of the time, but loves delicate things. Edward keeps to himself and doesn't really show affection towards people. But, overall I say our family is pretty awesome and I'm so excited your apart of it now." He told me and started the match. We started to play Xbox and a little while later everyone was back except for Carlisle and they set my room up really fast. "Emmett you're going to brain wash the poor boy with those video games. Why don't you two take a break and we can take Hayden around the rest of the house for a full tour." Esme told Emmett and I chuckled and nodded getting up. I got to see the rest of the house and when we went up to my new room and went inside everything was perfect. "Thank you." I told Esme and the rest of them. "You're very welcome." Esme told me. Everyone spread around the house and later that evening Alice came up to my room. "Rosalie and I are taking you shopping right now." Alice told me and left as fast as she came. I got off my bed and put on one of my hoodies and a pair of maroon supra high tops. I grabbed my phone and put it in my pocket and walked downstairs. The girls were in the car and I got in the backseat and they started driving. "I like you." Alice told me. "Care to elaborate?" I asked her confused. "You don't fight about going shopping like the other boys." She told me. "I didn't think I would stand a chance against you two when it would come to shopping. Emmett described you guys pretty well when shopping came up." I told them and Rosalie smirked. We arrived at the mall and it was filled with people. I started to get thirsty, but kept chanting a mantra I knew in my mind which helped me keep control. (Sun, Moon, and Truth) "Let's get jeans first, then shirts and tank tops, after that some shoes." Alice told me and Rosalie. We hit at least fifty stores while we were there and by the time we left it had been seven hours of shopping. When we got home the girls ran upstairs and organized every new outfit they got me in my closet and told me to go hang out with Emmett while they finished. I gladly left to where Emmett was and when I got to him he was playing checkers with Jasper. I was so worn out from that shopping trip. "How was shopping?" Emmett asked me. I sighed and they both laughed at me. Their checkers game ended and Jasper won in the end. "Every time." Emmett muttered and got up from where they were sitting. Someone tapped me from behind and it scared me to death. I put my electricity on full shock and the person yelped from being shocked and I heard them fall to the floor. I turned around and saw it was Edward. "I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to. You just scared me." I told him and he got up from the floor. "It's okay. Wow you got some power." He told me. "That was awesome! Do it again!" Emmett boomed to me. "If you say so." I told him and before he could do anything I shocked him and he fell to the ground. "That's not what I meant." He told me groaning from the floor. "You should have clarified Emmett." Jasper told him laughing. Living with the Cullen's has been challenging, but it's nice to have people care for you and be able to share and be yourself around. We moved from Fork's to Denali and now we are going back to Forks again. It's been a whole generation passed so no one will be of danger to us because everyone we knew is dead or in a home for the elderly. I haven't been too good with my appetite curving and I have slipped through the years I have been living with the Cullen's, more than I would care to admit, but all I have is time and know if I try hard enough I can overcome the deep hunger. "Hayden, Esme wants to talk to you." Edward told me coming in from his hunting trip with Rosalie, Esme, and Jasper. "What's up?" I asked Esme closing my laptop gently. "When we get back to Fork's Carlisle and I were wondering if you wanted to attend school. If you don't think you're ready, then we can wait, but it's all up to you." She told me with a small gentle smile. "I'll think about it." I told her and opened my laptop again. A week later we were in Fork's again and were all settled in. I still haven't decided if I wanted to go to school. I'm just nervous that I'll slip up. I started school again and it was hard horrible in the beginning, but is sort of easier now. We have lived in Forks for a year and a half now and I am liking it. Right now everyone besides me, Rosalie, and Edward are hunting, so it's just the three of us home. I came back from spacing out when I heard yelling coming from outside. I got up from the couch and put my phone in my pocket, I then walked outside. "YOU CAN'T BRING HER HERE!" Rosalie screamed at Edward. "YES I CAN AND I REALLY DON'T CARE WHAT YOU SAY!" Edward screamed back. "STOP!" I yelled at the top of my lungs and they both stopped yelling at each other. "What is going on? Why the bloody hell are you both yelling at each other?" I asked them pissed. "Edward wants to bring his HUMAN GIRLFRIEND here while everyone else is out hunting." Rosalie told me with a snarl at Edward. "What?" I asked her surprised. …