has been a week, you horn dog, and yes, the pun was intended. She is attracted to you, but she actually can show some restraint, unlike your last conquest." "Callista was not a conquest," defended Josh and Allie giggled. "Right, you were her conquest, my mistake." "Are you going to let her talk to me like that, Z," asked Josh and Zach put his hands up in surrender. "We have been over this. If you two want to argue like children, I am not going to be in the middle of it. It makes me feel old," replied Zach. "Yea, keep him out of this. You are just being ridiculous anyways. You obviously do not have to worry about vampires and wolves repelling each other. Maybe it would be a good thing if you did, then I wouldn't have to worry about you walking in on us because you can't stay away from your best bro for more than ten minutes." "You are just jealous of the epic friendship Z and I have. You wish you had a friend with all this alphaness running through them to hang out with." "Oh bite me," she grumbled and Josh smiled smugly. "Sorry, wolves don't do that," he said before eating some more of his pancakes. Zach shook his head in amusement. "You two are so weird. One minute, you are running off to defend his honor and the next, you two are bickering," said Zach and Allie winked at him. "It is my job to stand up for him when necessary. It is also my job to annoy him," she informed and Josh groaned as she ruffled his hair. "That's my favorite part," she giggled and Zach chuckled. "Alright you two, let's take this sideshow to the couch. We have a high score to beat," he instructed and they followed him into the living room. He handed them each their video game controllers. "What level are they on," asked Josh as Zach turned the console on. "Just one level ahead of us, so we should be able to catch them pretty quickly," answered Zach. "Is it the same team as before," asked Allie. "Yea, they think they can actually beat us because they are finally ahead. Don't they know that we actually have lives? While we were out trying to save the world from nuclear warfare, they were moving ahead of us. I can't believe it has actually taken them this long to get ahead and we are still about to annihilate them," said Josh. "Have you and Natalie talked about video games? Is she into them," asked Allie as they each signed into the game and Josh sighed. "Probably not, she enjoys living in her underground lair and pouting too much to be interested in stuff like this," he grumbled and Allie hit him in the face with a pillow. "Ow, what was that for? I may be a wolf, but I can still feel pain!" "It was just a pillow, you big baby. Besides, you deserved it. Don't make fun of her past. You don't know everything about Natalie and what she has been through. Being pissed that she is guarded is one thing, but making fun of her is another. She has a lot of reasons to be guarded." "How am I supposed to know that, if she doesn't tell me," asked Josh. "It isn't easy to open up to people just so they can judge you," defended Allie. "Well, she obviously opened up to you," muttered Josh. "No, she didn't. I read it in the journal and no, you can't read it. It is private and Natalie will tell you when she is ready. I only read it because I was trying to track her when we thought she was a threat." "You know, Al, your newborn mood swings are giving me whiplash. First, you hate Natalie. Now, you are defending her? You are supposed to be defending me to her, remember," asked Josh. "I am defending you by telling you not to be a jackass. You want the girl, then don't act like a jerk. She will come around, but she doesn't trust easily and I don't blame her. She doesn't stick around for long because people never stuck around for her. You have to be patient with her." "She is right, J," agreed Zach. "Do you know what she knows about Natalie," asked Josh and Zach nodded. "Yes, but I can't tell you. I only know because Allie is my mate and we agreed to not keep secrets from each other, even though she has failed miserably at that tonight." "I knew you weren't going to let this go," grumbled Allie. "Why should I? Look, if you keep running out on me and sneaking off, you are going to give me trust issues. I want to be able to believe you when you say you are going somewhere," said Zach and Josh smirked. "Yea, Allie, don't be a jackass," taunted Josh. "Watch it," warned Zach and Josh rolled his eyes. "Hey, she called me one first." "I swear you two act like children when you are around each other," groaned Zach. "He is just grumpy because Natalie is going to make him work for her affection. You are right about us though and I really am sorry. You can always trust me and I never want you to question that. I promise to do better," assured Allie. "No more sneaking off, even if you are doing it for the right reasons," he asked and she kissed him tenderly. "I promise, now do you forgive me," she asked, but he shook his head. "No. How can you make it up to me later if I forgive you now," he teased and she giggled before kissing him again. Josh rolled his eyes. "Oh yea, I am the horn dog of the group," he grumbled. Allie and Zach laughed and decided to turn their attention on the video game.