decent. But I realized that once she was changed…I could. We could do whatever we wanted together. I felt a thrill pass through me as I kissed her a little more roughly, but she wasn't complaining. Her hands found my hair, then touched my face, my shoulders, my chest…I took deep breaths of her scent, letting it coat my tongue that I finally slipped into her mouth, making tiny, pleased noises escape from her throat that I could almost taste… The car pulling into the driveway was what finally caused me to pull away. Her heart was racing, her breath coming in short gasps, and I chuckled, kissing her one more time. "My family's here." I told her, watching with a small smile as she looked up at me in surprise. "Let me get you some clothes…I think Alice left some around here somewhere." Standing up, I raced into the other room, throwing the closet door open, and, sure enough, found a box of clothes that would fit Bella. I took the whole box into Rosalie's old room where Bella was still sitting on the bed. Reminding myself that I had to keep a close watch on her, I placed the box beside her. "I'll wait outside the door." I told her with a smile, stepping back out into the hallway. "They'll be here in a few minutes." It only took her about a minute to throw an outfit on, and when she hurried out of the room dressed in jeans and a long blue blouse, I couldn't help sweeping her up into my arms, my lips on hers once more. Her hair, still slightly damp from her bath earlier, filled my nose with her sweet, floral scent, and her arms went happily around my neck as I carried her downstairs. I'd missed her so much…I couldn't even think of losing her again. I sat on the sofa downstairs, still holding her in my lap as the Emmett's jeep pulled into view, and before I could warn her, Alice had her out of my lap and in her arms, squeezing her almost too tightly. "Alice!" Bella cried in delight, laughing when Alice spun them around. "I missed you so much!" Alice almost screamed, giddy in her joy to see her sister again. "Oh gosh, you look awful!" She cried, pulling away and rolling her eyes when my Bella only laughed a little. "Look at your eyes…we've got a lot of work to do. And your nails! They're all chipped and…" Before she could go on, Bella had her arms back around my sister's neck. "You can fix them." She assured Alice who smiled, hugging her again. "You can take me shopping and we can get manicures for all I care…I'm just so happy to see you." Alice laughed, kissing Bella's cheek, then rubbed her back when she sobbed softly. "I missed you." "I know. I'm so sorry." My sister had no reason to be apologizing. This was my fault…that much was apparent in the thoughts of every single family member present, except maybe Esme. Jasper took a hesitant step forward, glancing back at Emmett, and I saw in his mind that he'd begged Emmett to keep a close eye on him when they came here to say hello. He reached out, moving almost too slowly for even a human, but finally rested a hand on Bella's shoulder, working to calm her and let her know how happy they all were to see her. Bella looked up at him in surprise, then remorse and guilt filled her eyes. I stiffened just a little, as did my brother, when she pulled away from Alice, and then, in an unexpected move, threw herself into Jasper's arms. It took him a good second or two to unstiffen, taking a deep, calming breath, then put his arms gingerly around her, relaxing a little when her sadness hit him. "I'm sorry." She was whispering, much to all of our disbelief. "Jasper, I'm so sorry." "You don't have anything to be sorry for, darlin'." He murmured, hugging her more closely and relaxing fully. He was in control…I could hear his thoughts. "I should be the one apologizing, Bella. I never meant to hurt you…I would never knowingly harm you." "I know." She was trying to calm down, and his hands on her back helped, soothing her and letting her feel both his own remorse, and his happiness that she was okay. But before they could go any further with that conversation, Emmett jumped in, pulling her into the air and spinning her around, holding her in his arms as he hugged her as tightly as was safe, forcing a surprised laugh from my love. "Emmett!" She cried, delighted as she returned the hug, and he sat her down after a moment, keeping her in his arms. "I missed my human!" He told her with a grin, messing up her hair as he released her. There was something else in his mind though, apart from just happiness to see her. Alice had told them all about her vision. They'd all heard her describe Bella's untimely death in the ocean. And he was scared. "We're all on suicide watch." I told them all, too quickly for Bella to hear, and Emmett flinched as Esme moved in, taking her daughter into her arms, hugging her fiercely. "She was actually trying to kill herself?" Emmett wanted to know, speaking so that only Bella couldn't hear. "She claims it was for fun." I let them all hear and feel the doubt I felt, and he nodded. Alice silently promised to keep a close eye on her, as did Esme, and even if she went home that night, I would go with her. Even Emmett and Jasper were silently promising to keep tabs on her, watching her for the next few days. But it didn't matter. I was never leaving her again. Thank you all so much for reading. I hope you enjoyed.