eyes to his Carlisle felt a lump form in his throat. "I…Tamesine I don't know what to say to you that will right this. I was wrong, I know I was and I am sorry," He said heavily. She chuckled coldly, her lips curling into a dissatisfied frown. "You cannot right it Carlisle," She sighed, "But you did not come here to beg my forgiveness so come clean with what you want and then leave me be," With a small frown Carlisle reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a small pouch holding it out to her. "This was my mother's, she'd want you to have it," He said softly. She raised one eyebrow. "I don't think she would," She replied curtly, refusing to even look at the offered possession instead casting her eyes into her cup. "Tamesine, my mother thought you her own. She loved you very much. After what my father did to you she never forgave him," He said softly, "So please, for her memories sake… take this," He could see her mind warring and her eyes dart suspiciously to his face. She had always thought Mary far too kind a woman to be deserving of a husband as mad and twisted as Carlisle's father. After her whipping the older woman had cleaned her wounds, bandaged her up and smuggled her from the area before they could build a pyre on which to burn her. With one shaky hand she reached out and took the worn black leather pouch. Looking between him and the pouch, now sat on her open palm, she sighed and with a swift movement she tipped it out into her hand. Her gasp was enough to tell him that he was forgiven. "This… she wore it every day," She stuttered, eyes brimming with tears as she fingered the gold cross hanging on a thin gold chain. She swallowed a large lump as an image of the smiling older woman flitted across her minds eyes, the golden cross swinging from her neck. "I can't accept this Carlisle," She choked, running her thumb fondly along the chain, "This should be around your neck not mine," He slowly shook his head. "No it shouldn't, after everything that happened to you you still let me in to your home last time. You made me welcome and helped me mourn when you had every right to cast me aside. You are a blessing from God Tamesine, not a curse, you have more goodness in your heart than I could ever wish to have," He said softly. She laughed gently, swallowing the tears which threatened to fall. "You always could talk me into anything," She breathed, nostalgia hanging on every word. Carlisle couldn't remember when they put down their tea cups and before he could blink she was in his lap kissing him so tenderly he didn't know what to do with himself. Her fingers fumbled to slip the chain around her neck as her lips trailed down his throat. Carlisle whimpered, his hands clasping her hips as her hands tangled in his hair. The kiss they shared in that moment was his most vivid human memory, her soft lips upon his own as her hands slid through his hair. That moment he did not care for anything thing but the woman sat astride him. She was his salvation even if her body upon his own was a sin. With one hand she took his right hand and put it on the laces of her corset. "Undress me," She whispered, her breath hot against his lips as she stared wantonly into his eyes. Never had Carlisle come up against a harder challenge, to this day he still would happily swear blinds that micro brain surgery was easier than getting Tamesine out of that corset on that icy winters night. His naïve fingers fumbled over the bow, trying desperately to clear his mind enough focus on her bizarre knot tying skills but her lips on his neck was far too distracting. His eyes tried to fix on the offending knot yet her cleavage seemed far more inviting, he could feel his loins raring into life and his hands shook so visibly he wondered if he was ill. For minutes he struggled, beginning to wonder if he should ask her help, before tugging sharply at one lace he managed to free it from the bundle and then, after a moment of blind panic, he wiggled the second one free. Sighing in relief he loosened the criss crossing laces enough to slip it over her head and throw it triumphantly onto the floor. Present day Carlisle looked to the almost naked woman in front of him. Slowly she lay back, her bottom lip captured between her pearly white teeth in a manner that taunted him to bite it himself. He leant forward over her, one hand either side of her hips, and touched his forehead to her collar bone, his wet warm tongue tracing a torturous trail down her shoulder to her breast. A low hum of appreciation rang through the air as his lips closed on her nipple, his tongue and teeth teasing it until he felt her arch beneath him, her hips meeting his. Carlisle stilled for a moment, taking in her sweet lavender scent, before kissing along her milky flesh, down her stomach to her hips. His teeth took a hold of the waist band of her lace panties, his eyes focusing on her smirking mouth before he tore her remaining article of clothing clean off her body leaving her bare beneath him. Tauntingly she spread her legs, her fingers trailing down her flat stomach. "Take me Carlisle," She purred, "Take me and forget," The blond did not need telling twice, with a ripping snarl he grabbed her hips and ploughed deep into her. Their eyes met as pleasure seeped into every fibre of his being and his mind went blank save the hypnotic red head beneath him.