and into the wilderness. She loved running at top speeds during a hunt and looked up at the sky in awe as streaks of green, red, and purple danced among the stars. She noticed that she was ahead of the others and stopped to gaze up at the aurora borealis. "I used to think London was the perfect place to live, but the more I roam, the more I see that there are some spectacular views in this world. This is definitely one of them," said Tess as she approached and Allie gave a quick wave to her in greeting. "I wasn't sure if you would make it," said Allie. "Sorry, I wanted to stop to get you a gift," said Tess and Allie's eyes widened when Tess handed her a gold, antique bracelet engraved in an ancient language. "Tess, it is beautiful," said Allie as Tess placed it on her left wrist. "I found it centuries ago in a market outside of London. It was a rare find because of the language it is etched in, Old English. It says love is eternal. I kept it locked away for years in hopes of being worthy of wearing it, but now I want you to have it." "I can't accept this. You should hold onto it until you find your mate," suggested Allie, but Tess shook her head. "I accepted long ago that finding my mate was not in the stars for me," said Tess and Allie frowned. "But you never know, he could still be out there." "Maybe," said Tess as she looked up at the sky. Allie was surprised by her sudden annoyance at the gift. She could not fathom where the feeling stemmed from, but it irked her to receive such a gift from Tess. She told herself to follow Natalie's advice from earlier and let it go, but the feeling bubbled inside of her. She didn't care that the rest of the group were in earshot of her and blurted out the nagging thought that irritated her every time she was around Tess. "Or maybe you already think you found your mate in Zach and you are giving me this bracelet as a way to be a martyr now that you can't have him," accused Allie and Tess's eyes widened at the outburst. Natalie and Renesmee darted over to them and Natalie groaned. "Allie, stop," tried Natalie as Allie gritted her teeth. "Just admit it, Tess. You are in love with Zach," shouted Allie. Tanya, Kate, Zafrina, Maggie, and Tia were surprised by the accusation and Tess crossed her arms with a smirk. "So that's why you do not like me. Suddenly you think I am in love with your mate," asked Tess and Allie glared at her. "Don't pretend like this is news to you. You have feelings for him," accused Allie and Renesmee placed a hand on Allie's shoulder, but Allie shrugged her off. "Allie, you should hunt," suggested Renesmee. "I am not making this up and it has nothing to do with me being a newborn! Tell me I am wrong, Tess. Tell me you don't have feelings for Zach," challenged Allie as she and Tess stared each other down. Kate cleared her throat. "We saw some grizzlies a few miles back. Allie, maybe you should go track one," tried Kate, but Allie and Tess ignored her. "This is some case of cold feet, Allison. If you had an issue for so long, why bring it up now? Unless you are trying to sabotage your wedding," suggested Tess. "I didn't want to think about it before, especially since Zach is oblivious to your affection for him." Before Tess could respond, Tanya stepped in. "Okay, maybe we she split up and allow Allie and Natalie to go hunt on their own for a bit," suggested Tanya. Tess shook her head. "I am obviously the problem and this was a mistake. Allie and I are not friends. I only came because Zach wanted us to get along." "Of course you did, but you are right. We are not friends, so I cannot accept your gift" said Allie and Tess sighed as she took the gift back. "I will leave. Enjoy the rest of your party, Allison," said Tess before darting away and Allie growled in frustration. The awkward silence crept in and Natalie glanced over at Allie, who was still fuming. "Why couldn't you just let it go," asked Natalie. "Look, I appreciate your concern, but Tess has feelings for him and Zach needs to deal with that before I walk down the aisle to him. She knows what she was doing with that gift to me. I can't do anything else about it tonight though. I just want to go back to the house and watch the Northern Lights. I will deal with Tess later." Allie stormed off and the others glanced at each other in concern. "I told you she wouldn't want Tess here," said Kate. "And I told you it was none of our business," reminded Tanya. "Natalie, is everything alright with Allie? She seems irritable," asked Zafrina. "She has been like this all week. I really think she needs to hunt," replied Natalie. "I have noticed it as well, but I am not sure hunting will solve everything. Hopefully it is just a case of wedding jitters," said Renesmee. "It may be a combination of things," said Tia and Maggie nodded in agreement. "I do not believe this is going away anytime soon. Allie may be irritable, but she was not wrong about Tess. I detected it when they were speaking. Tess is lying about her feelings for Zach," informed Maggie and Kate groaned. "I knew it. I told you two there was something going on there," said Kate. Tanya and Zafrina rolled their eyes. "And we said it isn't our business," said Zafrina. They all shook their heads knowing that the issues between Allie and Tess were far from over.