seemingly incestuous." He shuddered as he pulled out a bottle of crimson Vitality before shoving it in the microwave. Esme sighed, "Honestly you two. I can't wait until you have all Marked. You'll become way more mature, like Jasper, then I can stop tearing my hair out." "Where's father?" Jasper asked. "Dealing with the press. The world is in uproar about all of this. It's not going to be easy," Esme said. She eyed me, "Are you tough Alice?" I shrugged, blowing the steam from my mug before taking a drink, "I think so. I hope so." "You don't need to be. I'll look after you," Jasper said confidently. Behind Jasper's back, Em made a motion of sticking two fingers down his throat but I ignored him. "There's another thing," Jasper said, teal eyes focused on me, "Alice is an Oracle." Everyone's eyes widened and I heard Emmett swear. Esme was too shocked to notice though. "Well that's unheard of," she finally said, "We'll work something out though. We'll tell Carlisle when he gets home. But you'll be fine I'm sure. Jasper won't be the only when who will take care of you, we'll all do it." The others nodded in agreement, smiling encouringly at me I smiled and a small part of me felt something that I hadn't ever felt before: I felt like I belonged. "Are you ready?" Jasper asked me, looking even more nervous than ever, as we sat in the school parking lot of Forks High. People were going about their daily business but were staring curiously at our black armour plated Range Rover. "I'm fine, really. I can't hide forever. I've had a week already, I need to show people I'm not afraid. I'm sick of being afraid," I said, taking his hand again to squeeze it, "And anyway, I've got my war paint on. No one is going to mess with me dressed like this." He eyed the gothic black dress that fell to my knees in a series of black lace, ruffles and ribbons, with ripped green and black striped tights. My feet were encased in killer black Mary Jane heels and my make up was done to perfection: white make up caked on my face with blood red lipstick and heavy black eyeliner. My hair stuck up in odd directions instead of its usual neat little centre parting and a heavy black beaded crucifix weighted around my make up. He grinned and shook his head, "You're ridiculous, you crazy girl." "Would you love me if I wasn't?" I asked, hands wrapping around my strap of my bag. His hand went to the back of my neck and pulled me closer, so we were nose to nose, forehead to forehead. I released my bag and tangled my fingers into his gold hair. "I'd love you, no matter who or what you are darlin'," he whispered, before pressing his lips in a fierce kiss that took my breath away. I don't know how long we kissed, it could have been years or a few seconds. We eventually broke apart, on my part gasping for air. "You're distracting me," I accused him through panted breaths. "Damn, you saw right through me," he said, grinning the grin I had grown to love, "There's a very nice bed waiting for us at home. Believe it or not, we can do a lot with a bed." "Jasper, that will not work this time," I scolded him, trying to force the impending desire back down my stomach… again , "I have to go or I'll be late for class." He sighed and kissed my forehead, "Go before I change my mind and drag you back home, to my bed." "See you later," I whispered, pressing my lips against his before drawing away from him. When I got out the car, and I'll admit it, I relished the gasps and exclamations from around the parking lot. Yes, that's right bitches, I'm officially a Corpse's Bride now, and there is nothing you can do about it. I glanced around and saw Rosalie Hale staring in shock at me, her perfect mouth half open, as her popular friends gossiped behind manicured hands. Kate Forsyth's eyes were as wide as saucers, the baseball she had been tossing forgotten on the sidewalk. Bella Swan looked at me pityingly from her the front seat of her rusty Chevvy. I smiled at them all, hoisted my bag up my shoulder and practically skipped to the front door of the school. What they didn't know was that I had another dream last night. They had gotten a lot better, now that Carlisle was coaching me and bringing in advice on how to control it from archives about Oracles. I was now able to channel it now, focus on a particular person's timeline or event. And last night, I had a dream concerning Rosalie, Kate and Bella's futures. They were next. Whoo! *wipes sweat of forehead* that was pretty intense to write! Hateful churches are hard to write about, for me anyway. I hope I got it right. Don't get me wrong: I have nothing against religion. I'm Christian myself, but I know what's the difference between believing in something and being brainwashed into believing it. There are parts of the Bible I don't agree with, so I tend to ignore those parts. I was just exploring the not so pretty part of Christianity. Came across some pretty awful websites along the way *shudders*. Ah well, people can be douchebags. The next chapter for BF is still in its early stages. You must get so bored with me saying this, but I do have a lot of schoolwork coming along. (I HATE French orals. Pain in the arse. Hole) But I will get something out in the near future. Fingers crossed. Tell me what you think; I would love to hear from you. I'm very bad at replying but I will try my best! Lotsa love, Emily x