said he was in a meeting. Someone else raised their hand to ask a question and I pointed at her to continue. "Mrs. Cullen…" "Mrs. Cullen is my highly attractive mother-in-law," I said making everyone laugh. "Just Bella, please," I said and she blushed. "Bella, how did you find the time to write this book, do the show, be a wife and mother?" she asked. I smiled running my fingers through my hair. I habit I picked up from my darling husband. "Honestly…it was not without difficulty, but my family always came before my career. I always make time for my children and Edward and I have date night at least twice a week. Though we only ever actually manage to go out once a month," I answeredwith a giggle and everyone else laughed. Another woman raised her hand and I nodded for her to go ahead. "Do you ever worry that the only reason your book did so well is because you're Edward's wife?" she asked. She earned a few glares from others in the room. Truthfully, she asked a good question, one that I would have asked if the tables were turned. "I did before I decided to write it, but I also knew being married to Edward was why everyone would be so critical of it. I love that everyone enjoyed my story. If it was for the right reason, I don't know but I hope it was," I answered. The woman smiled seeming happy with my answer. "In the book your characters are madly in love. Is it safe to assume that's from personal experience?" another woman asked. I smiled because as annoyed as I was about answering questions about Edward and my personal life, I did enjoy talking about how much I loved my husband. "I like to think so. I love my husband more than anything and it wasn't hard to write the love between Giselle and Aaron because I live it every day of my life," I answered earning a few sighs. "What about Aaron's brother in the book, will we get to learn what happened to him?" someone else asked. "Maybe—if I can ever get this sequel started," I giggled and they all laughed. "Do you hate being away from your family?" I heard a very familiar and attractive voice ask. I knew without having to look for him that it was Edward. "Very much," I answered smiling out into the audience not yet seeing him. Everyone started to look around. "What would you say if they missed you so much they flew out here to see you instead of waiting for you to come home?" heasked and I grinned as I saw him walking towards me holding a very happy Elijah. "I would say thank you Jesus," I answered causing everyone to laugh. Edward approached me and placed a warm kiss on my mouth. I knew that I moaned, but I couldn't bring myself to care. "I missed you, Cheri," he whispered against my lips. "I missed you, too, so much." "Mommy!" I heard three little voices scream. I turned in time to see them running over to me. I hugged each of them, kissing them all over their face. "We misseded you so much," Ethan said pronouncing missed incorrectly. I laughed kissing his nose. "I missed all of you, too," I replied trying not to cry. I hadn't realized just how much I missed them until now as they stood before me. "Bella, you're in the middle of a book signing," I heard Janice sort of sneer at me. "She's reuniting with her children, and last I checked you work for us, not the other way around," Edward sneered right back at her. "It's unprofessional," she snapped back at him. I rolled my eyes and stood up looking back at the audience. "I'm sorry everyone, I just really missed my family," I started. "If you could just give me five minutes…" "Go ahead, we'll wait!" someone yelled from the back and earning cheers in agreement. We all walked back toward the area Janice had me set up and I hugged and kissed the kids again. "Why didn't you tell me you were coming?" I asked looking up at Edward. "Because it was a surprise, Mommy," Kiah answered. "Did we surprise you?" Ethan asked. "So much, best surprise ever," I assured them. "We made you a present, too," Keiara told me with her father's grin plastered on her face. "Really?" "Yup, but that's a surprise, too," she told me. I smiled placing a kiss on the top of their heads and then standing back up to look at Edward. "Mommy, look Daddy here," Elijah said still in his father's arms. "I know, are you happy Daddy's here?" I asked him. He nodded his head so fast I thought it might pop off. "Me, too," I said smiling at Edward. "Was this the important meeting you had?" I asked him. "What's more important than my family?" he asked back with a grin. I smiled because if you would have asked Edward that question before I came into the picture he would have said work. "Nothing," I answered and he grinned lowering his face to mine and kissing me the way I wish he would have a moment ago. "Exactly, nothing is more important than you and our children," he mumbled against my lips. "I can't wait to get you alone, Cheri," he whispered nibbling on my lower lip. My god I would never get used to being loved by this man. I hope you enjoyed this. I haven't completly decided if I'm going to write more to this or not. I absolutely love these characters though. If you read this without reading the first two stories, They are Resisiting the Inevitable and Facing the Inevitable. Please ignore the grammar mistakes, I was just getting started with writing and didn't have a steady Beta. Merry Christmas, and Happy Holiday's to all of you!