Allie watched the boys go into the school before she revved the engine and drove out of the parking lot in the massive truck. Its power rumbled all around her as she made her way to La Push and she turned up the stereo as she enjoyed the drive onto the reservation. She was not surprised to see her mother waiting for her when she pulled into the driveway and waved at her as she hopped out of the truck. "Morning, mom," she called and Emily frowned in confusion. "Joshua let you drive his truck," questioned Emily. "Yes, Zach talked him into it. He is worried about my safety and thinks my car doesn't cut it." "Well, I can't say that I blame him, especially with this snow. The roads are not the best right now. How does it feel to have such a protective boyfriend? You have never been one to ask for help easily. You get that from your father." "I would like to think I get my strong sense of independence from both of you, but I can tell the difference between being protective and being controlling. There is something very endearing about the way he thinks of every way to keep me safe. I just wish I could do the same for him," confessed Allie as she walked into the house with her mother. "Is Zach in some sort of trouble?" "No, he is fine. I just worry about him too." "Why, he is quite powerful if everything your father has told me is true." "But that's the problem, he is powerful and everyone in the vampire world knows that. Do you know how many battles he has been in? He is powerful, but no one is invincible, not even Zach. He can take care of himself and I get that, but it will never stop me from worrying that someday he may have to fight again and I don't know how I will be able to cope with him leaving me to go do that." "So you two haven't spoken more about you becoming a….." Emily trailed off as the word got stuck in her throat and Allie plopped down on the couch. "No, it isn't exactly a lighthearted conversation, but I do know what I want. I know that he wants it too. He worries so much about me as a human and I see the fear in his eyes even when he tries to mask it." "Which is why you are driving Josh's truck without a fuss, you know it will make Zach feel better if you do," realized Emily and Allie nodded. "Yes and it isn't exactly a bad thing. It is a great truck. Too bad I promised Ben I would help him around the store today or I would take it for a joy ride," giggled Allie. "Do you want some breakfast before you go? I wasn't sure when you would be home or if you were coming today, but I can whip you up something." "Thanks, but I already ate. I just stopped by to get some stuff for Ben. I can't stay long." "Oh," said Emily and Allie could detect the disappointment in her tone. "What's wrong, I didn't think you would take it so hard that you don't have to cook me breakfast?" "It isn't just about breakfast, Allie. I miss you being around. When you decided to come back from California, I figured we would spend more time together than we have been," confessed Emily and Allie hugged her mother. "I am sorry, mom. I guess it is just so easy to get lost in Zach. It is effortless to be with him and I have lost track of time lately." "I understand that, but when you aren't with Zach, you are helping Ben, and that doesn't leave much time for me or your father." "I will do better. I promise. After the holidays, I will be around more." "Are you excited about going to the island with Zach for Christmas?" "Definitely, he talks about the place so much that I feel like I have been there several times already. It will be nice to meet some of his friends and see the rest of his family. The last time we were around each other, things were too tense for me to actually get to know them." "I hope you have fun. You better get going. I am sure Ben is waiting on you." "Yea, probably, ever since I offered to help with the Christmas shipments, I have been swamped, but I promise that after the holiday season, I will spend more time at home. This position at the store is just seasonal. I love you, mom. I really do," said Allie as she hugged her mother again and Emily kissed her forehead. "I love you too. Make sure to stop by before you leave for the island." "I will," promised Allie before running into her room. She quickly gathered the things she needed to bring to Ben's and rushed out the door again. Sam walked into the living room as Emily watched Allie start up Josh's truck and head back down the road. "That was quick. I just got out of the shower and the girl is gone before I could even get dressed," said Sam. "What can I say, our little girl has a busy schedule," grumbled Emily and Sam sighed as he wrapped his wife in his arms. "I know you miss her, but think of it this way. If she was still in California, we wouldn't be able to see her either." "But always during the holidays, that was our deal. She could go to Stanford and be far away from home as long as we got to see her during the holidays. This will be the first year that doesn't happen," admitted Emily and Sam smiled sadly at his wife as she gazed out the window, watching her daughter drive away.