her. I need to rip it from her gorgeous body and have her writhe and moan for me. "Stay quiet for me." She kisses my neck, her teeth nipping lightly as her hands grip my hips. She's holding me and place as she sucks and kisses all the sensitive points along my shoulders and neck. I'm a writhing sweaty mess in a matter of minutes and I have a strong need for her to tongue to be deep inside me. "Good girl." She bites down in between my shoulders making me groan. I grip the sheets and feel a sharp sting across my ass. "I said be quiet." She slaps my ass again and turns me around and pins me beneath her by my wrist. Locking them above my head tightly. I stare into her eyes, so confident and demanding. So fucking hot. Oh fuck. I need her. I want every inch of her touching me. She licks her lips before biting her lip. I groan and my eyes look at her beautiful lips. Her soft enticing lips. I buck underneath and feel her rub against me. A sweet relief. I keep rubbing against her, made difficult when she presses down flat against me. "Take your dress off." I demand, our looks never wavering as I continue to grind against her. My eyes pleading to her. I need to see her out of those clothes and soon. I want to feel her skin on mind, to have her so close to me. She climbs off and I prop up onto my elbows to see her properly. She takes a few steps back, a smiling playing on her lips. "Of course." She slowly tales her off, slipping it off her body and over her hips. Revealing herself to me torturously slow. I groan, while admiring her beauty. One thing I love about her, is her confidence. Not just in herself, but how happy she is about how she looks; her body confidence. She does look amazing, always has done, and she doesn't need to change a single thing. She's fucking perfect. After a long while her dress comes off and she's standing there in her bra and panties. Both black and lacey. They need to come off. She sees me looking and gets the rest off easily and quickly. "Is this better?"She shows me herself, and turns slowly in a circle. I'm so glad she took off her underwear. "Much better, Mistress." She climbs over me again and slides her fingers between my legs, teasing my entrance slowly with the tips. She has a smug look planted on her fingers as she coats her fingers with my cum. Stroking them up and down my slit before putting them inside, as deep as they can go. I moan, arching my back of the bed, she curls her fingers and I soak her hand. Fucking christ. Her fingers start to pump in and out of me, curling her fingers every time, hitting a very sensitive spot. I moan into her shoulder, dragging my nails down her back. My hips jerking up to meet her hand. "Good girl." She fucks me harder, hitting the same place again. I release her shoulders and collapse on the bed arching into her and I'm near screaming. Her fingers are making me feeel so good. I need them deeper. "Harder." I beg. I get what I asked for and I scream in pleasure. I know my cum is soaking her hand now. I can feel it dripping down my thighs and onto our bed. "Baby please go deeper. I need you deeper." She laughs and moves back, flipping me over so I'm on my hands and knees. She stands behind me, gently stoking my sides. "Ask me properly." She strikes my ass. The sudden sting makes my clit throb harshly. She hits it again and again. God I'm so wet for her. "Fuck me deeper Ma'am, please. I need you too. Please." "Stay still." She orders. She moves so her face is eye level before forcing her tongue inside me. I gasp in pleasure. She licks and sucks eagerly, pushing me to the near brink. When she knows I'm getting close, she focuses her strokes on my clit, but slowly, calming down, before building back up again. I force every part of me to stay perfectly still for her. I have to try so hard, so fucking hard. I know if I move she'll slap my ass again. Her tongue strokes me slowly and I keep my hands on the mattress, gripping the duvet between my fingers. She's building my climax back up again. But I need her permission to cum. Her tongue is inside me and her fingers rubbing my clit in slow circles. "Can I come for you?" Bella pulls back, I glance at her face over her shoulder. She has my cum dripping off her chin. Her cheeks are red and she looks hot. A simple nod of her head is all the permission I need. I grab her head and hold it against me. Her tongue and fingers and relentless and I'm quivering and shaking, sweat dripping from my body in places I didn't even know it could. Oh god oh god oh god. "Cum for me." I scream. My body is forced onto the mattress, her fingers deep inside me, hitting me hard, I clench around her long digits over and over again. My pussy covered in cum and it has completely soaked her hand. I see stars and I go completely breathless, collapsing on the bed. She takes her fingers out and licks them clean before climbing over me and kissing my cheek. "How do you feel my lovely?" I take a deep breathe,letting the air fill my lungs. I exhale. "Amazing." She chuckles. "Good." Thank you for reading guys. I hope you like it. I'll extend it if asked. Leave a review if you want, let me know what you think?