her when she would have stiffened or jerked away. I'd feel the panic myself before I allowed her to suffer. She winced when the needle slipped into her skin, and I could tell the difference between Carlisle's technique and this woman's. Of course I could hardly fault her, but the fact that Bella was now in more pain didn't help my emotional state. She pushed the plunger and injected the medicine into Bella's arm, then repeated the procedure, apparently injecting her with the sedative this time, because Bella's hand loosened around mine and she seemed to calm, her breathing evening out. There was a knock on the door and a woman, probably around Charlie's age, stepped into the room, took in my position by Bella's head, and her eyes softened, as did her emotions. "Thank you Vanessa. Hello, Bella. And you must be Jasper, Carlisle's son?" I nodded, reaching out and shaking her hand as I stood beside Bella. "Are you staying with her?" "She wants me to wait outside." I squeezed Bella's hand, running my thumb over the back of her hand, wincing as I took in her muted emotions, then passed the doctor and stood in the hallway, leaning against the wall across from the door. I hated seeing her like that…feeling her like that. I hated that her emotions were suppressed and that she was incapable of feeling anything…hated seeing her eyes dim and feeling her hand go limp in mine…hated seeing her so defenseless. I wanted to hold her. I was surprised at the thought…I usually kept my distance, although that was completely for her benefit, or safety rather. I would have loved to get to know her, and maybe one day I'd have a chance. But for now, I was forced to keep my distance. I knew that Edward blamed me in some part for her birthday party, and I was sure that she did to. After all, I'd ruined her life for months…. I flinched when I felt a twinge of pain from her, fear and shame and terror all suppressed by the drugs in her system, and I took away the lingering remains as Carlisle came to stand next to me. "Edward is in the waiting room." "Emmett restrain him?" I asked, my voice dull to my own ears. "In the parking lot…we finally got him to calm down. He's not handling it well…" "Well he can suck it up." I snapped. "If he's going to hurt her…." "Jasper." Carlisle's gentle voice was reproving and he placed a hand on my shoulder. "I know you care for her, Jasper." That was a surprise…I did my best to keep my distance. "She's very fond of you, you know." "She told the nurse I was her brother." I chocked out. Carlisle's arm moved around my shoulders and I was pressed against his side. "She loves you." He told me kindly. "She loves all of us, and she's going to need us, you and Edward especially. You can help her like no one else can." I nodded, my head going to his shoulder. "I know why you try to stay away, but you must know that we don't blame you…" He trailed off when I gave him a cold glare, stiffening under his arm. He sighed, apparently not willing to press the point. "They sedated her, and the exam should only take an hour at the most, so we'll get her home as soon as we're done here. Her father won't be home until Monday, so she'll stay with us for the weekend." He paused, looking over at the door once more. "She called the house first thing, she allowed us to touch her, she wanted me to hold her…those are all good signs. She was capable of thinking. I don't believe she's suffering from PTSD as we see in many cases. She'll be okay, Jasper." "He won't." I glanced over at the double doors at the end of the hall. "He's going to be inconsolable. You know he'll blame himself for this. Although it was irresponsible to allow her to spend time with werewolves." Carlisle shook his head. "There's no allowing her to do anything, Jasper. He's not her father. We have no right to forbid her anything." He sighed. "Although she will not be going back to La Push if I have anything to say about it." "I doubt she'll want to." Bella I felt like I was in a daze that I couldn't quite escape. I felt hands touching me, and couldn't feel much of anything about it. A woman was speaking to me in a kind voice, pricking me with a needle and drawing blood, gently feeling my sides and hips, examining the bruises on my arms and legs. It felt like I lay there for days, unable to have any kind of emotional response to what she did. But finally she gently helped me slip back into my pants and replace my ripped shirt, zipping Emmett's giant jacket over me to cover the front, and I lay back in the bed, curled on my side. It didn't hurt so badly anymore, but I just wanted to sleep. I heard the deep murmur of voices once more and felt a cold hand on my arm. "Bella?" That was Carlisle. I tried to tell him hello…to thank him…but my mouth didn't quite work and I was so sleepy. "Go ahead and sleep, sweetheart." Another jacket was draped over me, this one smaller than Emmett's and I realized it must have been Jasper's. "Emmett and Jasper are going to take you to the house, alright?" I tried to nod a little, felt myself scooped into strong, stone arms, and let my head loll against a hard shoulder. "Okay, Jasper?" "I'm fine." His voice sounded sad, and I wished I could ask if he was okay…but already the blackness was appearing at the edge of my vision. I closed my eyes, not fighting it anymore.