back to normal. I would never touch cocaine again. I'd lost both Saturday and Sunday to my hangover and misery at driving Bella away. After Bella and I had a late dinner, I told her I was going to the library to study for my tests and not to wait up—it looked like an all-nighter. After four hours, I couldn't keep my eyes open anymore. The weekend was still weighing heavily on my mind, and the lack of sleep had taken its toll. Thinking about the weekend made me remember the little packet Em had given me. I didn't even think that long and hard about it. Bella would be asleep; she wasn't expecting me home, and there was no way in hell I'd ever try to have sex on coke again. I just needed to get through the week. I swore to myself that I would put it down for good as soon as these tests were behind me. The road to hell… I walked over to the window and set the ring on the sill. There were no curtains, and the blinds were open since the electricity had been turned off. Looking out over the balcony, I could see the pool. The memories of the first intervention flooded over me. " Edward," she choked out through her tears. "I don't even know you anymore. The man I love isn't here, and he hasn't been for a long time. Please, please bring him back. I don't want to spend my life with whoever this man is. I want the man who had dreams and ambitions, the man who looked at me as if I hung the moon. That's not you anymore, Edward, and I want YOU back." I remembered everyone that was there-and who wasn't. My entire family had been a part of it, along with Bella, her dad, Charlie, and a few friends. Emmett and Ben were conspicuously absent. I remembered telling them I was hesitant because the pre-med program was very structured, and it would put me a year behind. I also tried to convince them that I didn't have a problem. They didn't buy either excuse. After hours of me making excuses and denying I had a problem, and Bella and my family begging me to take this opportunity to get well, I had agreed to go to rehab. I stayed clean for less than a week after coming home that time. Shaking off the memory of the first of many chances to make it right, I turned to make my way out the door. Before closing the door, I allowed myself one last moment and closed my eyes. " Edward, Bella's gone. She took a job in Florida," Charlie said, sternly. "You need to let her go, son. You've done enough damage to last a lifetime. Please just let her go and live." It was a plea for his daughter and a plea for his sanity. He'd demanded I stay away from Bella more than once. He'd seen the marks I'd left on her in my cocaine-fueled rages. He'd wiped her tears when I was away, at rehab or just out on a bender. He'd come with her to bail me out of jail when I got busted for dealing. He almost went to jail when I gave her syphilis. For that, I sported a black eye for weeks. He had packed her up and moved her out when I relapsed after each stint in rehab, only to help her move back in when I committed to go again. He'd threaten me and hug me in the same moment; I was his son, but now he was telling me to let her go—for good. I didn't say a word. I nodded, turned and walked away, leaving behind the only true love I'd ever known. The one I'd thrown away for the love of a drug that was no lady. I allowed a tear to escape but quickly wiped it away. It was time. Before I could get the deadbolt locked, Emmett and Ben rounded the corner. I shook my head, willing a strength I still wasn't sure I possessed. One look in their eyes told me they were amped, and I still wasn't sure I was strong enough to turn it down. This was the reason I couldn't stay. I had to leave and start over, start fresh. I would never stay clean if I stayed here. "Hey, guys," I said as I started walking toward the car. I had to get out of there fast, or the last chance my parents were willing to give me would be gone. "Hey, Ed." They both rushed out the words, a side effect of the blow. "We thought we'd come give you the proper send-off. Glad we got here when we did, or we would have missed you." Emmett stuck out his hand, revealing a folded paper packet. My hand unconsciously reached out to take it, but as soon as I touched it, I saw her face: the look on her face when I practically raped her mouth, the disappointment when I relapsed after my third rehab, the pain I saw in her eyes every time I walked through the door after being gone for days. Quickly, I jerked my hand back. "No thanks, man. I have to go. " The words were rushed, and I was practically running from them, from her . She was once so important to me that I gave up everything I really needed. I would not succumb to her charms again. Emmett and Ben were calling after me, but I breathed deep and ignored them. Finally, I climbed into my car and drove away, not looking back. I had closed one door of my life with all of my mistakes. Another door was in front of me, and I now had the strength to open it. It wasn't where I thought I'd ever find myself, but it was definitely a beginning.