Bella vertical, it was harder when he was carrying something. The drive to her house took forever, but the drive to the trail head was short. And then the hike to the meadow was even shorter. It was like the world was conspiring against him because they spent eight hours in the meadow but it felt like eight minutes. Then the hike back and the drive to her house took mere seconds in his mind. Then it was gone. His last day, his perfect day with her had passed, and he might never get another. These were the feelings running through his system as he got to her door. When she turned to him for their customary goodnight kiss, he held onto her tighter than he'd intended to. He didn't want tomorrow to come. When it came, his world might just end. Tonight might be the last night that he could ever hold her again. And while he wanted her to be happy, he knew he might be destroying his own happiness in the process. Bella knew it was coming, but it didn't make it any easier. He'd kissed her like it would be their last kiss. She thought he might do it right there on the front porch, but he hadn't. And now he'd asked her to meet him in the stands at the football field. She knew he was going to do it because he'd asked her to meet him somewhere that had no connection to them. Even if he was going to hurt her in the worst way possible, he would never destroy any of their perfect memories. And it made it hurt more because it made her fall all the more in love with him. She walked up into the stands and saw Edward's bronze hair bright in the silver stands. She walked toward him slowly, but he didn't look up as she approached. She sat down, leaving enough space between them so she could feel his warmth, but there was no physical contact. "Hey," she said hoarsely. "Hey," was his brilliant response. They were quiet for a few more minutes. A few more minutes of being a combined unit. Edward sighed, "I want you to look at your options while you're at school." Bella stared out at the field, noticing that no one had bothered to take care of it while football season was off. They'd have to start to manicure it again now that practice was going to start up. "What do you mean exactly?" Edward licked his dry lips. "I mean that we've lived in this small town for so long, that you don't know what's in the real world. I want you to see what the world might have to offer you outside of this town," Edward swallowed the lump that was forming in his throat. "Outside of me." Bella looked at Edward. This wasn't exactly the way that she'd expected this conversation to go. She'd expected him to break it off, but he made it sound like he didn't want to. "Edward, I don't want anything outside of you." Edward knew that it wasn't going to be easy. Bella was stubborn. But Edward knew what would make her let him go. He just hoped that if she didn't find anything else, she would forgive him. "I want to see what the world might have to offer to me outside of this town." The tears leapt to Bella's eyes without her permission. "Outside me," she whispered. She knew it was what he'd meant to say. Edward wanted to pull her into his arms and tell her that wasn't true, but he needed her to believe that it was, so he just remained quiet and let her soak that in. After a few moments he cleared his throat and she took in a shaky breath. He couldn't look at her, because her tears would kill him. He knew that his will power was wearing down, and soon he'd look at her and comfort her in every way that he knew. So he stood up, put his hands in his pockets and sent her a mental 'I love you' before walking back to his car. He could hear her sobs begin as he walked away and he was nearly running by the time he reached the parking lot. Then he got into his car and turned it on quickly so that he wouldn't turn around and run right back to her like his body and heart ached to do. When he got to his house, he ran upstairs and threw himself on his bed. The tears came freely. He knew what would happen now. She'd find somebody that she loved more than him, and then she would forget all about them and their time together. Edward wasn't stupid. He knew that she'd be it for him, forever. Even when she found somebody else, he would never see anyone besides her. Now, as the pain set in, even his mind was beginning to question his decision. "I do," Bella said, her voice shaky with tears as she looked up into James's blue eyes. To anyone in the audience, it would appear that she was crying for joy. But her tears came from a much deeper place. Was it wrong that she felt like she was cheating by doing this? She loved Edward, and it wasn't fair to do this to James. She could never give him her whole heart, because it was never hers to give. And yet here she was, claiming that she could. James smiled down at her and leaned down to kiss her as the Reverend pronounced them husband and wife. As their lips met a door slammed and Bella swore that she'd seen a flash of copper, but she pushed it off as her mind playing tricks on her. She hadn't talked to Edward in four years. Actually, he hadn't talked to her in four years. Why would that change now?