Isabella when are you going to tell your mother about this, you shouldn't be able to have visions yet. This is unlike any Figira before you." I just stare at him shaking in his hands not sure if I should tell him what I saw, but how can this be? Edward pulls me into a embrace. The fear seems to evaporate as I feel his heart beating against my chest. "Bella, if you keep trying to deny your gifts you'll never make the changes you need to make. You will never be able to control these... these visions. You will never become Queen like this in time to…" He pushes me back gently. You know what… never mind, forget it. Talking to you is like talking to a tree. I don't think I will ever be able to convince you of the importance of you taking you rightful place on the throne." I smile as once again he reminds me of my responsibilities. I watch as his scowl fades. He shakes his head and smiles his breathtakingly beautiful smile, "I don't want to be Queen and I don't want to be married. I just want to be me and live my life by my standards I did not ask to be born into this." Edward stands and turned his back to me. "You're crazy; I would give anything to be king one day. Think of all of the lives you can save and the things you can do for your people." I place my hands on his shoulders "What about the married part? I don't love him or even know him." I walk around to face him. His face pales. "I…see.." I laugh cutting him off. "You don't want to be married any more than I. Have you ever even kissed a girl?" He stars at me a long moment and walks away as he smiles. "Bella, I don't kiss and tell". I run after him, "Edward, wait don't leave I'm sorry that was completely out of line and it's none of my business. Hey stop please, look at me. I will tell you my vision if you stop." He turns to look at me and he sees the indecision in my eyes. He sighs exasperated, "Alright Bella you know you have my loyalty. It's getting dark and soon we will have to leave these woods there are even dangers for me here when it gets dark and I'm sure the home guard is searching the palace for us by now." I put my finger to his soft lips to quiet him. He smiles and bits it. My blood rushes through me and slams into my soul. By all that is good what was that, it felt amazing. I have to gather myself before a do something I will sure regret. "Alright, Edward listen to me, the vision came into full mind sight today…or at least I think it did. I just don't understand it. His mouth falls open as he inhaled sharply but I continue, "The man I told you that I could not see running toward me in the woods, well I saw him today." Edward narrows his eyes expectedly. "Well who was he?"crossing his arms. "Edward… you're the one that brought me the message in my vision. The strange thing is that you did not sound like yourself and your eyes were not as they are now. Today is the first time I saw your face in the vision." He leans into what I'm saying as though someone else may be listening. "Isabella how could that be it's not possible." I shrug and walk over to sit down to gather my things. My heart breaks all over again at the hope that somehow my father is still alive even though I know it's not possible. "I told you I didn't think these were visions". Edward comes over to me and lifts my chin with his finger as a tears run from my eyes. "Isabella your father, King Phillip is dead, he died in battle before you were born and I could not have been the messenger since I am the same age as you. This is very strange but I can promise you; you were having a vision. I've seen your mother have them, it's a scary thing to behold if you've never seen it". I stand and pull my forest pack onto my back and pick up the bucket of fish. "Edward, if you knew more about my father's death, would you tell me?" He turns away before speaking. "Bella I care for you deeply we have been close since we were kids. I wish someone could tell me about my father. I don't even know his name. You're like my... sister but it is not my place to tell you about your father even if I knew something and I don't, it is your mother's choice to give you the answers you're seeking. Please don't ask something of me that I can't give you". His head hangs down as though he is ashamed of something but just as the emotion comes, it's gone and the soldier that Edward has become replaces it as his eyes searches the dark shadows in the distance. "We have to go right now Isabella. I don't feel safe here anymore; something is not right. Wait, do you hear that?" I search the woods and it's completely quiet except for my rapid heartbeat. "What am I listening for? I don't hear anything." Edward holds his hand up to silence me. "Exactly, the woods are never this quiet, we must leave at once. Someone or something is watching us from the shadows. Isabella, I cant feel it , I should have never brought you back here. They are here for you. Author's notes: This is the first chapter to my new story. It's different but I hope everyone likes it. Your feedback on this one will be greatly appreciated. updated 10/23/14 EndlessRedFire