whilst he was chuckling. I woke up to see Edward looking very confused. I leaned up to see what he was looking at, before laughing."What are you doing?" I asked, a knowing smile written on my face. Edward was holding my MP3 player, but he was holding it an arms length away, with the headphones another 5 feet away. He looked up at me with wide eyes, like a kid caught with sweets before dinner. "I like it. But it's too loud. It hurts my ears." he said. I tried to focus intently, but I heard no music."I don't hear anything." He laughed, and turned it off."I have good hearing I guess." Then I noticed how bright the room was. I ran to the window to see a small amount of snow on the ground. Looking to the driveway, I saw Renee wasn't home. Still. Edward walked next to me, looking at the snow with equally bright eyes. "Bella..You have to go to school." he said, and I looked over to the clock to see he was right. He sat on my bed as I ran downstairs to get out sweaters from the dryer. Edwards still had a few stains but was far better than before. I threw my sweater on, admiring the ease it returned to me. Running back upstairs, I saw a wide eyed Edward looking out the window. I gave him his sweater, which he threw on at lightning speed. Going to the window, I saw a car. I heard a knock at the front door, so I gathered my stuff, and hugged Edward goodbye. "Will you be here when I get home?" I asked him. He shrugged. "Just call my name if I'm not." Going to the front door, I met Carlisle, and I stood there in shock for a second. He inhaled a deep breath, and then froze. He looked odd, and beckoned me to the car, rushing me slightly. I was extremely confused. We got in the car, and he locked the doors, looking at me seriously. "Bella. You're going to tell me who you were just with, because I know they did these crimes." I furrowed my brows and looked at him, as he took a deep breath. Was he smelling me? I looked into his eyes in confusion. His golden eyes. They reminded me of- "Leave me alone." I said firmly, and I unlocked and exited the car. But when I did, he did. He ran around the car and grabbed my sleeve. He looked nervous. "GET OFF OF ME." I screamed, trying to get some of my neighbors attention. I yanked my sleeve and fell down on the snowy ground. I looked up to Carlisle, but his attention was no longer on me. I turned to see who he was looking at. It was Jasper. Curly blonde hair covered in snowflakes. His pale skin had dark circles on his scarred face. He was barefoot and in his bloody shirt from the day at the laundry mat. He looked terrified, but ready. "A child?!" Carlisle said under his breath as he took a step toward Jasper. Jasper stayed still, holding his gaze of Carlisle. His stance was defensive. He tilted his head as if trying to read his mind. "I can help you." Carlisle whispered, taking small steps toward the young vampire. "You can't help me. You'll kill me. I've been damned since the day I was turned." Jasper hissed, emotion in his voice making me flinch. Jasper turned toward the tree line, starring for a second. He looked back to Carlisle, looking tired. And so young. His scars stood out in the lighting of clouds and snow. "You want to kill me? Catch me." And he was gone. Carlisle looked back at me momentarily, before he moved faster than I could register. Edward was beside me then, looking emotional. I grabbed his chin and made him look me in the eyes. "He told me to runaway with you. He told me even though that man will hunt him down." Edward choked. I frowned. No. He couldn't do that for me. "You have to go get him. He can't do that for me. Please don't let him. Meet me at school tonight. I'll be ready to leave with you. But you cant let him die for me" I begged. This boy, who he loved enough to call brother couldn't die for me. And suddenly Edward was gone. I went back into my house to get a bag packed. At this point I was already late to school. I packed warm clothes, my IPOD and toiletries into my backpack. I looked around the pink baby room my parents had painted when they were together and felt a twitch of guilt. There was some knocking at the door. I looked down to see Charlie's cruiser outside. I ran down and opened it. "I'm so sorry dad. I slept in" I lied. "Where is your mother?" he asked. "She never came home.." The car ride was spent listening to Charlie talk angrily to my mom on the phone. "She's 11 for fucks sake...Alone all night?... I can't take her right now! I have two murders and a new disappearance...You should have thought of that before having kids!... No the schools having a locked in party while the adults form a search party. And I will pick her up after... NOW YOU FEEL LIKE BEING A MOTHER?" I tuned out the conversation. My hands shook slightly. I was going to go with Edward tonight. We were going to leave together. I felt so loved and wanted in a life full of rejection and pain. The unknown didn't even feel so bad. But my heart lingered on something Edward had said "He will hunt him down" (( Chapter one complete. Please review to let me know if I should finish. This story has just been in my head since I read her original. See you next time.))