Emmett replied. Bella giggled, being the one of the group who studied Spanish. "That's close enough," she offered, smiling politely. "Thank you, Bella." Jasper caught the new girl staring at him from the corner of his eye and snapped his attention to her. She didn't look away or pretend that she had only just looked at him. Her grey eyes seemed to turn to ice as she stared him down. How dare he, after all, throw a ball at her and her friends and then have the nerve to call her 'new girl'. She would show him that he messed with the wrong girl. Alice didn't know where all her confidence was coming from, but she liked it. There was no way in hell that she would have done this two weeks ago at her old school, even knowing that she was about to move away forever. She would have died of embarrassment at just the thought. But there was something about this new place... and his smug face... that gave her the feeling that she was in control, which was a pleasant change from drunkard mummy and missing daddy Mississippi had endowed her with. Above of all, she was finally standing up to herself. Without faltering. Normally on your first day of school, you would attempt to get along with everybody and prove to the teacher's that you're not an idiot. But, there was this overwhelming desire within her to put this guy, Jasper, in his place before it got out of hand. She knew his type, they were the same everywhere. And she certainly wouldn't be missing anything by not ever going on a date with him. That much, she was certain of. "Keep looking at me like that and I'll know you want me," Jasper almost barked at her. "Jasper!" Rosalie hissed, ready to come to Alice's defence. Alice laughed. "Why the hell would I want you?" "Why are you staring at my pants?" Emmett inhaled his laugh at the exchange, and, instead, began to choke on his bread. He doubled over momentarily, and the others watched carefully, until his coughing was replaced with fits of laughter. "My boy, Jazzy! Where did you learn to bitch like that?" Jasper seemed to ignore Emmett, keeping his fiery glare on the girl. "I'm surprised you want to keep a ball that has Newton's blood on it... Are you some sort of vampire or something?" "Well, if you're so desperate to cover your own tracks, even though there are security cameras in here, then I guess..." she threw the ball at him. He caught it, slightly caught off guard by the force behind it. "Look after it. It is your only one, after all." The girls all snickered at the joke their new friend had made. Jasper paused momentarily and looked over at her triumphant grin. He would fix that. "Well, then, in that case," he said, throwing the ball back gently. "You keep it. I've got plenty to go around." "Well, they must be in your locker because you can't possibly have them on you." "Oooh!" Emmett interjected, eyeing the distance between the two. This was not the first time he had seen Jasper get into an argument, but it was the first time that he had met his match. And it was entertaining. Jasper laughed once. "Sweetheart," he informed, crossing his arms. "You're looking straight at them." "Well, I can't see them behind that tiny zip of yours." "Oh!" Emmett cried. "Snap!" Jasper inhaled and decided to take a different approach. "You know what? You're kinda cute," he said, pulling the chair in front of her out to sit on it. "Can I have your number?" "No way! Jasper, you-" Rosalie was cut off by a confident, "sure," from the girl. Jasper smiled cockily and poked his tongue out at Rosalie. Then he snapped his expectant head back to the girl. "1800-bite-me," she said. "What's yours?" "1800-balls-r-us," he retorted. "Shouldn't be too hard to remember after your stare-fest." "I didn't ask for the wishful thinking hotline." Rosalie sniggered appreciatively from the other end of the table and cocked a brow at Jasper when he glared at her. He got ready to bite back when he was interrupted. "Whitlock!" a man's voice called from the other side of the cafeteria. Jasper looked over at the voice and found Mr. Varner waiting expectantly by the door. "Dude..." Emmett said, turning his glance from the teacher to Jasper. "I thought you settled detention with him at recess." "Ah..." Jasper fumbled, trying to compose his lie. "I... I did." But everybody heard something was off in his tone. He gave Alice one last glare as he got up from the chair. Without even saying goodbye to anybody, he walked away in the direction of the teacher calling for him. It was only when Jasper got half way across the cafeteria that he realised he didn't even know her name. Emmett watched as his companion left him with the girls, and upon seeing Rosalie throwing daggers at him with her eyes, he decided to take the seat in front of Bella. He slid the tray over and sat down, knowing he had nowhere else to go without Jasper or Edward. He looked at the new girl to avoid another looming argument with his ex-girlfriend. "I'm Emmett." "Alice." "Well, Alice," Emmett said. "You are definitely in for it with my boy Jasper." "What do you mean I'm in for it?" she asked. "He's in for it!" A/N: Just so you know, I am not a Newton hater. By any means. He at least knew when to give up on Mary-Sue Bella. So, I promise to send him some love somewhere in the story. Maybe. Uhh, yeah. So that's the first chapter of Alice and Jasper's war. What did you think? All I can say is that there are still 2 classes to go before the end of school... anything could happen... Thanks for reading!