beeping faster and faster as adrenaline rushed through my veins, and I worried one of the nurses might come check to see what was happening. Whether it was for the nurse's sake, Victoria's, or my own, I didn't know. I forced myself to slow the unrelenting tone by taking painfully large, slow breaths, eventually managing to bring my pounding heart rate back down to at least a moderately normal tempo. Victoria and I stared at each other for what had to be over ten minutes, locked onto the other's eyes until she broke the connection and ran her gaze down my body, lingering on the injuries I had. The injuries she had caused. "Why didn't you kill me?" I whispered, and her head snapped back to my face. She suddenly looked trapped. Like she wanted nothing more than to run away at that moment. I didn't understand why. It took some time, but she eventually opened her mouth. "I don't know." I could hear the truth in it. The confusion. She really didn't know why, although I felt like she might have a hint and was unwilling (or unable) to share right now. "Why didn't you tell them the truth?" she asked. "I don't know," I echoed. I really didn't, I'd just had a very strong feeling, almost disturbingly strong, that I shouldn't, and followed the impulse without a single thought to doing otherwise. She nodded minutely in recognition of my answer. "I still want to, you know. It would be so easy. You're completely defenseless. All I'd have to do is walk over there, sink my teeth into your neck, and tear your throat out. And this would all be over." "But you won't." I was somehow absolutely sure of my answer. Or maybe he had been right and I really had no sense of self-preservation. I was practically asking to be bitten by telling her she wouldn't, because she'd do it just to prove me wrong. She sat there, completely still, as if she'd abruptly been turned into a perfectly colored statue of an angelic girl, only betrayed by the few copper strands of hair that waved in the breeze of the hospital's air conditioning. "No, I won't," she breathed finally, breaking the illusion. "How… how are you doing this?" I asked in wonder. Her brow wrinkled slightly in confusion. "What?" "How are you here? In the hospital? Isn't it hard?" As far as I knew, it seemed like she didn't have the control to be able to manage it. I mean, Jasper went crazy over a paper-cut, so how could she stand to be in a building that must be practically saturated with the scent of blood underneath the formaldehyde? A smell she should easily be able to pick up considering that he had been able to track me through an entire city by scent alone. "It is… not without effort." And I could tell then that her voice was slightly strained. "But I fed to excess, and it's much easier to ignore when I'm completely full." My attention jumped to her eyes, which I noticed for the first time were a bright red, crimson and practically glowing, instead of the murky coagulated color they had been before, and I gasped. "Y-you…" "What? Killed people to drink their blood?" Victoria laughed under her breath and I shut my mouth. "Of course. It's what I am, so why should I deny that? It'd be like…" she paused, thinking, "…asking a lion to eat only grass." Was it really that large a difference? I'd always thought that it wasn't that big. But then again, the amount Jasper appeared to struggle with their diet lent some truth to her analogy. "Possible, but not satisfying," she concluded. I waited for the inevitable feelings of disgust and revulsion to surface, but they never did. I was… alright with what she had done? With what she did ? I took a moment to sort out my thoughts, to try and figure out why I was entirely apathetic to the concept, but had no answers. I felt she was smarter than to hunt in Forks, and the fact that I didn't know the people she had killed meant I had no emotions concerning their death. Some part of my mind noted that this wasn't right, and that I hadn't been like this before, but it was squashed by the sheer curiosity I felt about the topic. "You aren't horrified? Doesn't it bother you? Knowing I killed people only because I was thirsty?" she said, eyeing me like she was waiting for exactly that reaction. I shook my head. "I don't know why, but it doesn't." Maybe it was because I was so exhausted, or the drugs in my veins, but I couldn't really bring myself to care. She looked at me strangely. "You're an odd human being, Isabella." "Bella," I reflexively corrected. Her expression shifted to questioning. "Just… Bella." "Bella," Victoria whispered, as if trying out the word and seeing how it felt in her mouth. She nodded slightly. "It suits you." I blinked. Had she just complimented me? "I think I know why that coven kept you around now. You're very intriguing." I had no rejoinder to her comment, but I was saved from needing to reply when her head cocked to the right, as though hearing something I couldn't. It had been an action I'd seen them do frequently. "Someone's coming." And in a blur, she was gripping the window frame, crouched on the sill while facing me. "Farewell, Bella." "Wait!" I shouted, just as she disappeared. Her head reappeared at the edge of the window, looking very strange as her flame-colored hair all fell sideways towards the ground. "Will… Will you come back?" An almost-too-quick expression passed over her face, and she disappeared again, the window closing just as an orderly came into my room. She hadn't answered me out loud, but she hadn't needed to. I knew she'd be back.