chocolate and ice creams, and you are so silly. But I love you. I love you for all of these things and more." "You… you…" She could not finish. It was unbelievable! All this time? And he never said anything? "I love you." He embraced her again, holding her to him tightly. "I love you." She buried her face in his neck, and inhaled his heady scent. This is her Edward. "I love you more." He only tightened his hold in response. After some time, Edward pulled away from Bella and touched her rosy cheeks with both of his hands. "Can I try something?" Bella's heart started beating frantically again. She knew what was coming. She had been waiting for this for a very long time. She really hoped that she would not faint. Edward slowly lowered his face, looking straight in her eyes. He saw no hesitance, just one raw emotion which he knew at last was love—love for him. And then their lips touched; and they forgot everything. Their meadow, the flowers, the woods surrounding them, the sun—everything ceased to exist. There were just two of them alone in this universe, where no one else was allowed. But soon, too soon it ended as they both needed air to breathe. Edward looked down at her. He could not believe she was his. His Bella , with rosy lips and flushed cheeks. She opened her eyes and looked up at him and the red hue in her cheeks darkened. Edward hummed in contentment and leaned down to kiss her lips chastely one, twice and then again. And as he had predicted, Bella blushed even harder, the redness starting to spread down her throat. "I-I know what yo-you are doing, Edward." Much to her dismay, his amusement only grew at her statement. She could see the amused glint in his emerald eyes. Again he leaned in, his face mere centimeters away from her. "Really, you know? I have been dreaming of this for so long." He traced her right cheek with his finger. "Now at last I have got my chance and I'm going to enjoy every moment," he finished in a soft whisper. Her heart was beating crazily, it was her dream too. "I wanted to kiss you here," he kissed her on the lips, "and here," his lips trailed down her chin and he kissed her neck. Bella let out a ragged breath, and clung to him tightly. She never wanted this moment to end. But soon Edward pulled away. "Are you happy Bella?" "Yes, very happy," she answered, smiling. Her voice no longer quivered. She was the happiest person in this whole world. All she wanted was hers at last, and she would never let him go. She placed her head on his chest and held on to him tightly—her safe haven. In response he embraced her tighter, guarding her from everything. He had always felt very protective of her and he would always protect her, he vowed. He sealed his promise with a gentle kiss on her head. They could have stayed in that exact pose forever, but their bodies had other plans. Soon Bella's stomach growled loudly. Edward laughed wholeheartedly, "I guess it's time to feed the human." Bella giggled and smacked his arm, "Stop it! Like you are one to talk!" Edward kissed the crown of her head. "Hmm, I guess. After all I'm hungry too." -o0…x…0o- Five years later August 13, 2015 "Do you, Edward Cullen, take Bella Swan to be your wedded wife, to cherish in love and in friendship, in strength and in weakness, in success and in disappointment, to love her faithfully, today, tomorrow, and for as long as the two of you shall live?" "I do." "And do you, Bella Swan, take Edward Cullen to be your wedded husband, to cherish in love and in friendship, in strength and in weakness, in success and in disappointment, to love him faithfully, today, tomorrow, and for as long as the two of you shall live? "I do." And at last, they were united, in front of their family and friends. When the minister said, "You may kiss the bride," the groom, eager to do so, replied, "Gladly!" The bride's tears were now flowing freely. Their lips met. She kissed her husband passionately, not minding the guests. This was her day; there was no one to stop her. It was their first kiss as husband and wife, and it was going to be perfect. It felt too soon when the groom reluctantly pulled away from their kiss. He could hear Emmett's voice whooping loudly in background, "Save some for later, will ya?" All of their family and friends laughed and his already blushing bride hid her face in his chest. Edward chuckled and embraced his bride. "Mrs. Edward Cullen?" he addressed his wife. The new addition to the Cullen family looked up from her hiding place, her cheeks flushed and eyes alight with love and happiness. Edward looked deep into his Bella's eyes and said in a soft voice, "No measure of time with you will be long enough. But let's start with forever." She solemnly replied, "Yes, forever." He brushed away her tears. "I love you." Her heart skipped a beat; hearing that would never get old. "I love you more." He just gave her the special smile she loved in return. They turned around and faced their family and friends, their hands clasped together. For this was the place they had always belonged. They were side by side, and everyone could see the love and happiness radiating from the newly married couple. A guy and a girl can be just friends, but at one point or another, they will fall for each other; maybe temporarily, maybe at the wrong time, maybe too late, or maybe forever. This time it was forever and more. -o0…x…0o- A/N: I hope you liked it. Let me know! Much love to you all! Happy holidays!