arms. Seth gave up on fighting his advances. He admitted to himself that he actually enjoyed the touches. "I don't want to leave just yet.", Alec whined. He held Seth tighter to his body. Seth nuzzled in his neck. Aro smiled. "I guess we can stay a little longer." "A week, perhaps?", Felix suggested. "Alright, but where will you stay?", Alice asked. "We actually have a house built here, just in case.", Demetri informed. "So, no need to worry about that." "We also have the supplies we need.", Jane said, looking over at Alec. "Except those supplies." "Oh hell no! No one will be needing those supplies! Not this week!", Leah protested. As much as she wanted children of her own of nieces and nephews, she couldn't have Seth have kids just yet. "Well, since it's all decided, how about we retire? I'm tired.", Jacob yawned. Paul was just about to say something until... "Don't even say it.", Edward warned. Paul crossed his arms. "Sometimes, I forget you can read minds." "What am I thinking of, Edward?", Embry asked. "Tacos." Embry giggled at that. "It sounds so funny when he says that." "Anyways, let's head home. I think Emily baked cookies.", Sam said. The pack nodded and went wolf. Seth frowned a bit. "Aaaawwww! And I was just getting comfy!", he wailed. Alec chuckled and hugged the younger. "It's okay. We have a whole week for that. Maybe even longer." Edward watched as Seth sighed and hugged the vampire back. He held a sleeping Jacob in his arms, volunteering to carry Jacob back to his house. He turned to Sam who nodded. "Alec, with Sam's permission, which is granted, you may walk Seth back to the rev." Alec looked to Sam who gave a short bark. "Thank you." It didn't take long to get back to the rev. Edward was pretty fast on his feet, even if he was carrying Jacob. Alec and Seth walked side by side, holding hands. Leah, in her wolf form, was behind them. When they got to the Clearwater, the older wolf gave them some privacy. But not before bonking Alec on the head with her paw. Seeing that they were alone, the others inside snacking on cookies, Alec spoke. "You were quite the fiesty one today. I really thought you didn't like me." Seth chuckled and rested his head on the taller's chest. "Nah. Just wanted to have some fun. You looked really scared seeing my sister all protective of me." "I was. But I understand. She just wants her baby brother safe." "I'm not a baby!" "You're being one now." Seth smacked Alec's chest. "Shut it." "You're cute when angry." "I bet you would think so." "I do." "SETH! IF YOU WANT SOME COOKIES YOU BETTER GET THEM BEFORE EMBRY GETS THEM!" Seth gasped. "KEEP THEM AWAY FROM HIM, PAUL!" "YOU OBVIOUSLY DON'T KNOW HOW HE GETS AROUND FOOD, MAN! GET YOUR ASS IN HERE!" The younger growled. "Mangy bastard." He turned to Alec and kissed his cheek. "I'll see you tomorrow?" Alec nodded. "Of course." Seth blushed as Alec lifted his chin and his lips got closer. 'Oh my gosh! He's going to kiss me!' And kiss he did! (6) Seth closed his eyes when he felt cold lips upon his warmer ones. He wrapped his arms around the Volturi guard's neck, deepening the kiss. After a few seconds, Alec broke it. "Well, I must be going, but I promise I'll be back." Seth nodded, speechless for words. Alec gave him one more kiss, leaving the wolf dazed. Seth sighed and swooned his way back in the house. Paul slapped his head when he entered the kitchen. "Hey! Don't- ah! Where are the cookies?!" Emily pulled out a plate. "Right here!" Seth hugged her and started wolfing (I'm about to laugh!) down the cookies. "Thank you, Emmy! These cookies are the best!" "To keep Embry from eating the cookies we had to tie him down.", Jared announced. "Where is he now?" "Sleeping upstairs." "Okay." And the cookie munching continued. Well, that's the end of it! It's my first Twilight Fanfic, so be gentle... Um... here's some notes! 1- This is actually a quote from Grown-Ups 2! Taylor Launter's character (I don't think they gave him a name) said it. I would say what scene, but I'm not spoiling it for ya! 2- He was about to say "Justin Timberlake". The story this, well, it's crazy. My sister and I were talking about popstars. When she was about to mention Justin Bieber, I told her not to say it. (Inside joke) She said she was about to mention Timberlake. (No I have nothing against the two Justins) 3- If you seen Frozen, you know the song Let It Go. These lyrics are from the parody of that song, called Let 'Em Burn. I don't own the song. 4- If you don't know this, Taylor Launter plays Jacob Black in the Twilight Saga. He also played in Abduction (short movie, but loved it), Sharkboy and Lavagirl, and did the voice of that pirate kid in Danny Phantom. This is also another inside joke between me and my sis. She kind of looks like Launter (not too much), but she one time asked me this and when I laughed, she knew what was up. 5- To all my anime fans, this is from the One Piece Rap in the 4kids version. The last part was actually an idea from the abridged version by PurpleeyesWTF of None Piece. I don't any of this. But the abridged series is pretty funny. They also did Code MENT, abridged of Code Geass. 6- I said this before. I writing one of my stories (not fanfiction for once) and one of my characters was like "Oh my gosh! He's going to kiss me!" Aloud, I said, "and kiss he did!" So I hope you enjoyed this! I will do a sequel. The Volturi staying in Washington for a week! Review!