turned on his side, giving a more comfortable visual on the human girl. She felt his movement, turning her gaze to him. "Edward, can I ask you something?" "Of course, Bella. What is it?" He began threading his fingers through her chocolate waves. Bella placed her warmer fingers on his cheek, a small smile in her eyes. "Turn me." The fingers stopped. Edward looked over Bella's face for any sign that she was joking. He didn't find it. That wasn't a question. "What?" "Turn me, Edward. Turn me into one of you. Into a vampire." He sat up, not sure of what to make out of the words. Of the request . It seem... obsurd. "Bella, I... I can't do that." The female sat up on her legs, eyes narrowing. "Why not?" "First, there's the treaty. The moment I bite you, the Pack will attack us. Second, I don't want you to be like me. To be... a monster." "Edward, you're not a monster. You don't kill humans like the Volturi you told me about." He didn't say anything for a second. "But... Bella, I want you to have a normal life. Not a life of constantly hiding, moving. I want you to-" "I want to be with you forever. I love you. So turn me. Take me out of here and bite me somewhere else." "I won't do it." "But Edward-" He stood, now angry. How could Bella throw away her life when she was still young? "No! I won't!" Bella looked like she was slapped for a split second until she stood up herself. "What will it take for me to be with you? Don't you love me?" "I do! That's why I don't want to turn you! I don't you suffering like I did! The only way for me to turn you if we get married!" "Then let's get married!" She forced herself on him, arms around his torso tightly and head snuggling in his chest. "Marry me, Edward. Please. I want to be with you. I love you." He heard a soft sob, feeling tears soaking his light blue shirt. "Please. I love you. Only you." Edward was not sure of what to do next. Slowly, his hands went to hug her closer. It was a battle he lost. He knew he did. "Fine." The very next Saturday was the dinner with the Cullens. Each of the Pack members was dressed in casual formal clothing, yet comfortable. Seth had worn the shirt Alice brought him for his trip to Italy, this time with dark grey jeans. He, along with the others met the Cullens at their home, the family waiting on the front steps. Bella was with them, standing in Edward's arms who didn't look too happy. Jacob noticed this. Maybe it was because of the Pack. He didn't seem to converse much the same time they were together. Yet Edward didn't seem to hate the wolf in any way. "Jacob! You made it!", Alice squealed, running to the wolf and hugging him. Rosalie wasn't too far behind. She went up to him, hugging him softly unlike her sister. "Good to see you, Jacob." He blushed from the hugs, surprised by them. "Same to you." He turned to the Pack, signifying each Cullen. "So you all may know Carlisle.", he said, the doctor nodding. Billy spoke up. "Of course. Carlisle, it's good to see you." "Same to you, Billy." The doctor went over to Esme, placing an arm around her waist. "This is my wife, Esme." He noted over to where their children were. "And there are our children. Alice, Jasper, Rosalie, Emmett, and Edward, who I'm sure you know." "Ah yup. Mr. Had To Be Saved.", Paul taunted a little. Edward gave a small smile, knowing Paul was just joking while Emmett laughed. "Like his sense of humor." The Quileutes were introduced one by one. In no time, everyone began to get along. They tolerated each other's scents. Rosalie had cooed over how cute Seth was, agreeing with Alice. Said boy blushed under the compliments, trying to escape. Leah soon joined in the fun. Paul and Emmett got along quickly. Embry teased Rosalie about having competition, but Paul had protested saying his eyes were for someone else. Jasper was surprisingly okay. He didn't hang back. Even with four humans, being Bella as one of them, was present, he was able to restraint himself. He chatted animatedly with Quil and Embry. Sue and Emily had decided to help Esme with dinner, who didn't mind. It went perfect, except for one person. Bella. She had sat back watching the Quileutes and Cullens get along perfectly. Even Edward was talking with Jacob, both seem in no fit of hating each other. It shocked her. She believed Jacob loved her. Wanting her to love him instead of the vampire. So why was he being so friendly to him? "Maybe he's trying to get on Edward's good side to get to mine. Maybe he's trying to still win me over." Somehow she felt it was the truth. That Jacob was only pretending to be this nice to make her change her mind. To make her see he was the one. Not Edward. She felt... a bit pleased with this. Something having two guys fighting over her seem... entertaining. She smiled, knowing she could hide this well from her boyfriend. From her future husband . If only she knew she couldn't hide these thoughts from another. That's the end of Part One. I changed some things around from New Moon . Like the scene at the end where Edward and Bella are confronted by Jacob. Wanted to change it for the sake of this fic. And as for adding in Seth and Leah- They were actually introduced in New Moon by book, unlike their movie counterparts who were introduced in Eclipse . I realized it when I read the book and thought, "Holy skittles!"... okay, but not. Don't judge me! Review!