the little bundle of herbs that my mother used to medicate her pain, I slipped it into my pocket. Sneaking out to the stables next I was relieved that they were almost empty. The only person there was one of the stableman and he just looked at me but since I ignored him, he left me alone to saddle a horse by myself. I took the animal outside the gate by hand and got in the saddle. As soon as I was on the back of the horse I dug my heels in it's side and pushed it to a fast pace. Riding it deep into the forest. Tears blocking my eyesight as I forced the horse to go faster and faster, not caring where I was going. Finally it felt like I was far enough and I halted the poor animal. Sweat covered it's body and his entire body was tense. I swung my feet to the the ground and looked around me. This place was far of any roads. It's nature raw and untouched. Perfect for me and what I wanted. I took the saddle and bridle from the horse and let my fingers caress it's soft nose one last time before stepping back and waving my arms at the animal. At first it just lifted it's head and took a step back. Showing the white of it's eye as I tried to spook him. Angry I yelled at him. A violent cry that echoed through the forest. Finally it turned and went back the way we had come. Finally I was alone. Shaking I reached into the deep pocket of my gown. In it was the herbs I had taken from the kitchen earlier. She used them to calm herself, but I knew from the maid that too much could kill you. Frowning at the dried green leaves I pushed a handful in my mouth and chewed it. The bitter taste made we want to gag but clasping my hands over my mouth I managed to swallow all of it. Sinking to my knees I wrapped my arms around me legs and allowed my tears to finally run freely. Crying until my eyes hurt. I felt like that little girl again, three years a go. Except this time I hadn't just lost my friend.. I had lost the love of my life. My only reason to exist in this world. Darkness swirled around me and I had been right the herbs were taking control of my body, giving me trouble breathing already. Resting my head on my knees, I could see the sky. There were no stars, no moon, nothing in this dark far away clearing. I had already settled into dying right there when from the corner of my eye I saw movement. The figure coming towards me made me cry out in despair...or was it relieve. "I won't hurt you." The soft soothing voice made me try and focus but the herbs were mercifully taking control of my body and I couldn't focus my eyes. "Are you lost?" The voice was closer. "Yes I'm lost." I started sobbing uncontrollable as the double meaning to the words remembered me of what had happened. "He promised he would come back for me and now I'm lost." For the first time today I felt angry. Struggling I lifted my chin from my knees and raised my hand at my visitor. Somehow even with the limited light the ring on my finger was still visible. It felt like being stabbed in the chest. "This promise means nothing anymore. He is dead and I want to be dead also." "He gave you that ring?" Surprise tainted the soft voice this time. A cold hand grabbed mine and I could feel him brush past the ring. Almost as if he was caressing the little piece of jewellery. "What if there was another way?" Holding on to my hand the unknown man waited for me to answer. "For us to be together, is that what you are asking me?" Gasping at the thought I could feel my heart swell with love just at the thought of getting that second chance. "That is the only thing I want and it is too late now." "Time is relative for some people." His words only made me cry more. Releasing the piece of cloth that had been used to tie together the herbs, it fell to the ground. White fingers flashed in front of me as he caught it, bringing it to his face. "I understand." The sad tone in his voice made me feel sure, he somehow really did understand. Lifting my chin to see my face, I could feel him trying to connect with me. But it was no use the drugs had taken control of my body and my eyes couldn't focus enough. "There is a chance but it won't be easy." His voice swam in my head, sounding like he was giving me a warning, a final chance to back out of his offer. My hand was still locked in his and it was so cold, it made me shiver. "I don't care." Whispering the words I desperately hoped he heard them. He had because he replied to me. "Very well." A sad whisper back into he darkness to match mine. His hand gripped more tight around mine and with his other hand he pushed my body dow. The next moment an excruciating pain took control of me. There was no escaping this iron grasp on my body that seemed to make me burn from the inside. A slow fire burning away everything that was me. Writhing in pain I called out for the only one that could make me feel a glimpse of happiness at this moment. Recalling the vivid green that had brightened many days of my life. The touch of his skin, the smell of his hair and his name. His name echoed through the black forest... "Edward."