your mother probably tells you all about me when she sees you." Bella saw right through the woman's matchmaking attempts. "She tries," he grumbled, taking the bottle of water she offered him. "Thanks." He guzzled it, wiping his mouth on the red plaid fabric on his arm. "Come on up, I have some lunch for you." He nodded and quietly followed her lead up onto the porch. She felt his eyes on her, and something told her they weren't aimed at the back of her head. She shivered a little. He grabbed a sandwich and leaned against the railing. He never sat beside her. "What do you do?" he asked after he wolfed most of his food down. "Photography," she said, purposely vague. "Your mom said you have some property I'd probably like to photograph, something about a creek and an old bridge." "No." He grabbed another sandwich and turned his back to her, kicking at the railing for no good reason. "Why?" He was quick to answer in a no nonsense tone. His voice was rough and thick with accusation. "Because its mine." "What's that supposed to mean?" He spun around and glared at her. "You already got your hooks into my parents, enough that you'll be invited to holiday dinners forever because they can't let their precious Bella be all alone." She could've opted for anger, and she even felt a twinge of it. But she was tired of being angry all the time, it exhausted her. How could he stand it? "They love me. They know I have no other family or friends." None; she lost those she had left in one night. "Damn you." Bella cocked her head to one side, catching a view of his chest again. He hadn't buttoned his shirt. "That dirty mouth of yours comes out a lot when I'm around." "That's it!" He stomped toward her, lifted her up until her feet touched the ground. He grabbed the back of her head, and tugged it back by her hair. Staring down at her, he gave her no chance to protest. Not that she intended to anyway; she could happily stare at his face all day. "You should be scared." "Not even a little bit." He slanted his mouth over hers in a brutal kiss. It was passion, heat, anger, and a hint of possessiveness. Where that came from, she wasn't sure, but she loved the taste of it, of him. His lips were softer than she expected, as was his beard that he trimmed a little the week before. A bite on her lower lip had her moaning, and he took advantage of it. It was his chance to delve deep inside her mouth, stroking her tongue with his, tasting of sugar, cinnamon and spices. Other than his hand and his mouth, no other parts of him touched her. He took care of that as he backed them against the wall. His body pressed along hers in a way that she couldn't move, but the heat coming off him was delicious and welcomed. One of his hands still held her head prisoner, directing where he wanted her mouth to go. He deepened the kisses further, his tongue tasting every inch of her mouth. His other hand cupped her breast, hissing when he realized she wore no bra. Her nipple, already tight from desire, was painfully aching for more. He gave it to her with a stroke of the rough pad of his thumb. It was at that moment that awareness, other than for his lips, made her hands move from her sides. When she tried to reach for him, he pushed away. "No," she said, pulling him in by his shirt until they were once again flush against each other. His grunt was short, and she swallowed his protest with another kiss. Fight gone, he fisted his hand in her hair, the other manacled her wrists between them. He kissed the way he did everything else. Efficient. Angry. And rough. She loved it. "More," she pleaded as his mouth trailed down her neck. Her hands, caught in the vice of his, tugged, but he only shook his head. It was the beginning of the end; she felt it as he slowed down, and took a deep breath against her shoulder. "Not like this," he said, stepping away and putting his hands on his knees to catch his breath. After a minute, he sailed over the railing in a spectacular show of grace and action. He picked up the axe from where he had ebbed it in the stump. He stalked toward his truck. "I'll see you soon." It was a promise. It was there in the words, in the way he looked at her even as he drove away. She breathed deeply, rubbing a hand over her mouth. It tingled. Although his beard had surprised her in its softness, the effect of it no doubt marked her skin. She liked that it did and hoped he'd do the same to her thighs and breasts. He didn't return that night. ~oOo~ "Are you sure?" Edward asked his mother. "She's gone, son." She shook her head, sipping on her drink. "Emmett searched her house when she disappeared. She didn't tell any of us." Edward rubbed a hand over his face, pounding a fist on the table. "I only needed a day or two, had to think things over." "You were gone almost a month, Edward." He felt guilty for staying up in his cabin for so long. "Now she's gone." "Edward," his mother said warily. "Her purse was found inside." "What?" "Why would she leave her purse and take no clothes with her?" she asked softly, sniffling. Dread clawed him on the inside. "That's why you kept calling on Monday." That was two days before. She nodded. "We think she was taken." AN: Thanks to kimmie43, Sunflower, and kyla713. I don't see this fic going too long, maybe ten chapters or so. Thanks.