seen it before? You didn't want to see it. The voice in my head is only a whisper. She shifts enough to grab my lighter from the front pocket of my jeans. I groan at the slight graze of her fingers along my length. It takes considerable strength not to kiss her right now. The timing is off and I can't risk it, even now, as the words continue, unbidden. "She was gone when I woke up. She didn't answer any of my calls and texts for the rest of the weekend. By Monday, the pictures Alice had and parts of her diary were all over the school, Facebook, and Twitter." "Did you know then that it was her?" she asks. "No. Some of the guys were giving me shit and someone said that Alice and the teacher were pulled out of their classes by the end of first hour." I take a long drag. The fingers of my free hand tap a rhythm on her hip. "My parents showed up and it was like their appearance confirmed everything." My words are rushing out of me now. There's no stopping them. "I could see Alice through the window of the office. She was in fucking tears. "I lost my shit after that. I wanted to know who the bitch was that fucking ruined my sister's life. I start taking down every printed picture I saw. That's when I saw it. A fucking line went through the pages. I'd seen it before on a paper she had me edit for her. They were from her fucking printer." Bella hisses as angry as I am, but I keep going. "I sought Heidi out and found her with her friends at lunch, all high and mighty, filing her nails. The walk through the cafeteria was brutal. No one touched me, but the words I heard felt like fists. It was a gauntlet." I shudder, the memories too vivid in my head. It's almost as if I'm there again. "I stood in front for, accusing her of stealing shit from Alice's room, of ruining her life. She fucking laughed at me, Bella." My head falls back and bang it twice on the wall until she stops me. Her hands are on the back of my head, and the move brings her that much closer to me. The thing is I can't even get it up anymore. That's how much the shit fucked with my head. I continue, bitterly spitting out the words. "Heidi fucking admitted it and she didn't stop there. She said she thought she'd seen Alice with him at some nightclub and she was determined to prove it. She actually sat there and told me she used me." "She's a bitch," Bella whispers. "She sounds like a spiteful bitch that thrived on another's misery." "Yeah," I say, lost as her fingers curl in my hair and her forehead touches mine. "Is there more?" I nod. She knows some of what happened next, because it was all part of my arrest. Alice and I had gone to a party away from the city, both needing a break from all the crap. There were a few recognizable faces, and we should've left then, but my sister wanted to find an old friend before we did. I tell Bella all this, and the rest. How I found her, whimpering with that dickhead, Royce, Heidi's fucking brother, practically plastered to her. I'd gone into a rage, my vision coloring to a violent red as tears slipped down Alice's cheek. It wasn't long before there was blood on my hands. "I don't even remember beating him," I say. "One second, I'm watching him grope her chest and the next I'm being pulled off by four people, and he's this bloody thing on the floor. "They held me down until the cops showed up. They released me after some witnesses admitted that I was defending Alice. Royce's family eventually dropped the charges to protect the family from what he tried to do. That shit still haunts her and me. He could do it to someone else. "My parents had to give up good jobs because shit got worse," I continue, my voice hoarse from emotional exhaustion. "They had us so young, and we're not rich. They had to use a lot of Mom's 401k to make the move." "That's not all of it." I shake my head, wishing I didn't have to continue. "Heidi found out where we were moving to, and found a way to spread the rumors about the new architect and his family that was moving into town. I found out, Alice was in hysterics at the thought of going to public school here." "That's why she's going to the private school in Port Angeles." I nod in response. "What did you do?" "I found Heidi walking out of this store and told her off, not giving a fuck who was nearby, but she was alone. I was so pissed that my hand was in the air, ready to hit her. Fuck, I wanted to choke her." The words choke me . I remember how close I was to hitting her and it sends me to my feet without thinking. I can barely breathe. Bella's on her ass, looking up at me, but she's not afraid. She's not anything. There's no emotion on her face. That scares me more. "I can't do this," I hiss and scramble toward the trap door. She calls out my name; it's a cry, and it cuts me again, heart, mind, soul. I don't wait for more, afraid of what she might think, and what she might say. Once I'm off the tree, I hit the ground running. AN: I'm separating this in parts, mainly because of the word limit I had cut a considerable amount from the original. I might even continue the story after the complete one-shot is posted. Thanks to kyla713 for your help with this :)