She looked bored and buffed her nails against her top. "I guess you didn't give me much of a work out." She cocked an eyebrow and shrugged indifferently, doing a few stretches that made my mouth water. "I can't even feel it. Now that I think about it, you didn't live up to the nickname." Then she was gone. . . . The rest of the weekend went downhill fast. The trusses for the Moore house would be delayed two weeks, forcing a change up to schedules and rearranging jobs to keep my guys working. The radiator in my truck leaked, burning my hand in the process of checking what was wrong. Worse yet, my cock refused to stand down any time I thought of Bella. If I saw someone with long brown hair on TV, bam, my dick was hard, and I would have to take care of it. If I smelled a similar scent of her perfume, same shit. I couldn't even look at blueprints without thinking about her hovering over my shoulder, her breath brushing my ear, as she loved my sketches. What the fuck was I supposed to do now? Once was nowhere near enough; I should've known it. I also should've guessed she'd be looking for more than I could give her. We had a great time after our initial meeting—she was funny, sweet, a little wicked, too, and a hell of a good fuck. Why did she have to ruin everything? Monday morning, I called Jasper to take care of things for a few days, claimed I wasn't feeling well. I was determined to talk to Bella, to apologize for not being able to give her more. We needed to clear the air to make sure that when Emmett returned, we could stand to be around each other. Nothing else; though, my cock had other ideas. I swore it was like a divining rod, pointing toward her pussy. I had earned grade-A asshole status, but at least I owned up to it. A couple minutes after nine in the morning, I pulled up outside the house. I shouldn't be there; it was too soon. I contemplated leaving, but Bella stepped out onto the porch, tipping up her chin and not looking happy to see me. I jumped out of my truck, walking toward her, but she held up a hand when I got too close. "Okay, I won't come any closer, but I thought we should talk about the work on the house." I played off dumb with that excuse; even though, I knew Bella would've likely called one of the guys to help with anything she didn't know how to do. She crossed her arms over her chest, refusing to say a word. "Bella," I said, hoping to talk to her. Not that I had any clue what to say. She finally opened her lush lips. Too bad, it was to tell me off and not for my dick. "I'm not ready to talk to you yet, Edward. It will happen, but give me time." I tried to interrupt. "But, you—" "I swear to God, if one of the guys told you my sad story, and that's part of the real reason you're here, I will kick you in that giant dick of yours." I hadn't taken any calls over the weekend. "I've no idea what the fuck you're talking about, Bella." She huffed and rolled her eyes. "Then fucking leave, before I really do hurt you." The problem was, when she gave me attitude, my baser instinct was to do the same. "You'd have to get closer to touch me, Baby Bella. We both know you're too chicken to do that." "If anyone is too chicken around here, it's you. Your Beast is saying hello, asshole." She smirked, eyes on my groin. My dick was saying hello and fucking winking at her. "I bet you hate that." She then stormed off, leaving me outside alone and the door wide fucking open. Considering she had a crazy ex, that shit was stupid. "You need to lock the door, BB!" "What?" she screamed from inside the house. "Go away, asshole!" "Not before we talk." I was tired of yelling already, and the neighbors were coming out to check what was going on. Forks being a small town meant that everyone would know we were fighting by the end of the day, meaning it had the potential to reach Emmett. Not good. She came back out, looking like a fucking Avenger, angry and ready to rip off my balls. I gestured toward Mrs. Cope's house, and Bella instantly softened. "Well, come inside then," she said through clenched teeth, gesturing for me to follow her. Dressed in small denim cutoffs, her ass all plump and smackable, I'd follow her about anywhere. Some of my inner asshole decided it was the perfect opportunity to test the waters. "I'll gladly come inside you." She stilled just inside the door as I stepped over the threshold, her ass pressing against my dick. My very hard , big dick. I felt her shiver, but she silently continued toward the kitchen. As for me, I wondered how long before a guy died from blue balls. I had a few months to convince her we could be friends, or at least, be friendly around each other. There was another pressing matter, though: I didn't want to be just friends. I was fucked. AN: I was going to do a bunch of chapters, but since I'm having a lot of internet issues, I thought it was best to post the monster one shot in one go. Yes, I plan to continue, we need to see if Beauty is going to give into the Beast again. I have a lot going on (my daughter is moving for college), once it slows down and everyone is in school, I'll have time to write. I'm itching to so badly. Thanks again for all those who voted!