car toward the GTX, but the move sent the SUV into an embankment, flipping on its side. "Fuck!" Edward ducked a few wild shots from the car. "Get me beside them again." Riley pointed at a road construction sign. The dead end on all the maps no longer was one. It was still only dirt and gravel, but the sedan could hit the freeway in minutes. "We've got to stop them now!" The sedan suddenly swerved to the right, then jerked wildly to the left, and back again. "What the fuck is going on?" Fear and pure rage threatened Edward's heart to explode in his chest. "Isabella!" The sedan hit the steep embankment at top speed, sending it spinning in the air. "Nooooo!" The car rolled, landing on its tires, skidding to a stop. Edward jumped out of the car, calling for Isabella. A man stumbled out of the wreckage, blood pouring from his neck. Edward shot him without a second thought. Isabella climbed out, her hand covered in blood, more coming from a head wound. Her eyes locked with his, aiming a gun at him. "Who are you?" She held onto her side. "You're in my crosshairs, Edward, answer me." Edward stood stock-still, a mere several feet away. If she shot the gun accidentally, she'd probably hit him or Riley. Riley held up his gun, aiming it at her. Edward lowered his weapon, holding up his free hand. "Baby, I need to check your head." "Don't baby me! Who are you?" She put her finger on the trigger. "Edward," Riley hissed. "Don't you dare." Edward kept his eyes on Isabella. "I'll tell you everything, but I need to check your wounds." "They were using me to get to you!" Her eyes narrowed. "Tell me who you are or I'll shoot." "Do you even know how to use one of those?" Edward asked. She pulled the trigger, the bullet missing his shoulder. "Does that answer your question? Now answer mine." "Drop your gun, or I'll shoot." Riley had to protect Edward at all costs. "Lower your fucking gun." Edward looked at Riley, realizing how serious he was. Riley was under his father's orders. "Fuck this." Isabella kept her gun aimed at them, pulling out her phone. "Password, alpha, niner, tango, bird." " Voice identification confirmed." She held up her phone toward Edward and Riley. "Run face recognition program." "Oh fuck." Riley shifted, but Edward held up his hand. " Riley Biers, aliases Elijah Greene, Xavier Viridian. Arrested for armed robbery, assault with a deadly weapon, drug trafficking." "I am under strict orders by your father to protect your identity, Edward." Edward maintained eye contact with Isabella. "Let her find out, Riley. I love her. You shoot her, I'll end you." Isabella's eyes bounced between them, then her phone finally spit out the truth. "Edward Anthony Carlisle Cullen." She exhaled sharply. "Why didn't you fucking say so? It would've saved me a lot of trouble. Jesus." "You know who he is?" She didn't bother answering Riley, keeping her eyes on Edward. "Who are you?" Edward asked. "I am Phoenix." She curtsied, a smile on her lips. "Phoenix?" Riley didn't understand the look between Edward and his bitch, but he was about to shoot and ask questions later. Edward's mind pieced things together. "She's one of our contractors." "Contractor?" Riley's hand shook. "Do you mean hitman?" Isabella kept her aim on Edward. "Did you mean it?" Edward didn't hesitate. "Yes, I meant it." "Only those I work directly with know what Phoenix looks like." Edward got the message. Keeping his eyes on her, he shot Riley in the head in the next second. Isabella's eyes rolled back in her head, gun falling. "I love you, too." Edward lunged for her, capturing her before she hit the dirt. He headed for the GTX as the other security team caught up on foot. "Riley?" David asked, leader of the second team. "Dead." The crew didn't need to know he had killed Riley. And from the look on David's face, he didn't give a fuck. "Clean up here, then head to my house, we're flying out tonight." "Sure thing, boss." "Jesus Christ." One of the others looked inside the sedan. "Someone decapitated the driver." Edward looked at Isabella, her eyes fluttering open. A thin piece of razor sharp wire was in her bloody palm. She winked, blowing him a kiss. "Torch the scene." Edward had them on the road in seconds, watching as Isabella pulled out a piece of metal from her side. Applying pressure on the wound, she looked at him. "Am I still meeting your family?" Her eyes closed. "Don't close your eyes, Isabella." Blood dripped down her temple. "Put some pressure on your head, baby." "I've had worse." He believed her. "Unbelievable, I'm fucking the Phoenix." Her next words were slurred. "I've got it worse. I'm fucking a Cullen." Edward snorted. "Our families might not like this." "Why? We're a match made in heaven." They were. "Do you realize what taking you to meet my family means?" "You can tell your father, but no one else. My anonymity keeps me alive." "I have no problem with that, but that's not what I meant." "It means you want to marry me." Her eyes teared up. "You'd already made up your mind when you first asked me to come home with you." "Yes, I did." He looked at her then; she was so fucking beautiful. "Stay with me, Isabella." She nodded sleepily. "Take me home." AN: Thanks to everyone who participated in the contests, to the hosts, judges, betas, validators and all the readers/reviews. Thanks so much to my beta Midnight Cougar who helped me cut more than 6000 words from the original (ouch) and working down to the wire. I'll be posting an extended version of the one shot as a multi-chapter fic, that include extended scenes, missing scenes, and yes, I'll be adding to the story. What would you like to see?