always made people look away first. It was a rare genetic mutation according to her eye doctor, one that shouldn't affect her vision. "Fuck!" Bella and Alice each looked toward the hallway in the direction of Edward's room. "I don't think I want do know what he's doing in the shower." "Alice!" Before Bella had a chance to give Alice shit for that, Edward emerged from the bedroom, his suitcase in one hand, his other still towel drying his hair. "You're leaving?" There was no mistaking the venom in Alice's voice. They followed Edward downstairs. "A situation arose at the lab, I must leave at once. They have a helicopter picking me up from the high school's football field in ten minutes." Bella couldn't help but notice the way Edward wouldn't even look at her. "That sounds serious." "It is serious, I have to go. I'm sorry, Ali." Alice nodded, wrapping her arms around her brother, both whispering something to each other. She stepped back and walked into the kitchen, wiping away tears. "It was nice meeting you, Bella." Edward stood for a moment, unsure of himself, much like this morning. Bella said the same, watching him walk into the garage. She tapped her foot a few times, rubbed her lips with the tip of her fingers, debating. The knob in her hand twisted, a hand grasping her elbow and pulling her out into the cold air of the garage. She looked up at Edward, his breath a little harsh, a curl of his wet, brown hair falling over one dark green eye. Her fingers brushed his skin as she swept it away, her eyes focusing on his face, his eyes narrowing for only a moment, before determination set in. "The fuck with suspense." He slanted his mouth over hers, stealing her breath and all her senses. The surprise and shock soon turned into eager exploration. Her fingers curled in his hair, while his hands cupped her cheeks, keeping her right where he wanted her. He tasted of something sweet and mint, she of peppermint and coffee. The softness of his lips so different from the strength of his kiss. "UST," she whispered, between the gentle bite of his teeth and sweeps of his tongue along hers. "What?" "Unrestrained sexual tension." Edward laughed out loud, resting his forehead on hers. "It wasn't suspense, but UST." Edward looked down into her unique, beautiful eyes. "I'll be back as soon as I can." "We can go up to see you if you'd like." "I'd love that." "I'll talk to Alice then." She smiled and asked for his number. They quickly exchanged numbers, before she agreed to drive him to the school, that way they could take his car instead of leaving it at the school parking lot. They informed Alice, leaving a few minutes later. One more kiss beside the bleachers, Bella watched as Edward climbed into the helicopter. She wondered for the hundredth time what could possibly warrant his immediate attention that the company would fly him into the city. . . . Edward held up his hand at the suit waiting for him, not ready to hear what pulled him away from his family and Bella. Whatever it was, it could wait until he could no longer see her watching him fly away. He missed her already. A smile curved his lips, remembering how sweet she tasted. "Dr. Cullen, sir, I have the reports." He loosened the collar of his shirt and asked for the tablet and put on headphones. He placed his thumb in the middle of the screen, waiting for confirmation. It wasn't until it asked for retinal scans that he realized how seriousness of the situation. He held up the screen allowing it to scan his eyes and waited for it to allow him access. On the screen was a colleague from a sister laboratory in the Arizona, a Dr. Webber. Sweat beaded across his brow, his eyes glazed with tears. "Two vials of Serium47 are unaccounted for as of two hours ago, I repeat, two vials of Serium47 are unaccounted for. Security is currently reviewing all video footage, searching for the security breech. There was blood found on the scene, and four lab technicians are currently missing, will continue to report every thirty minutes during lock down." The video ended and Edward cursed, asking the pilot for an ETA to his lab. Pushing everything but the situation out of his mind, he pulled up his notes on Serium47 and researched the worst-case scenario if anyone in the Arizona facility became infected by the extraterrestrial virus. A video file caught his attention, dated four years earlier. He watched with growing horror, until blood sprayed across the camera's lens keeping him from seeing the rest of it horror show. Yet, the audio remained, the screams, the grunts weren't enough to cover the sound of flesh being torn apart and eaten. The facility in Alaska had been a victim of a gas leak, the explosion killing all fifty-three people inside, per the company's records. They had lied, protocol was the reason they all died, it had to be. If Serium47 infected anyone in the desert facility, it would be next. Why did his boss want him now? Surely it was too late for his latest research project to help? Patients infected with the Serium47 turned within an hour, by the time he produced enough of the vaccine for Serium47 they'd all be dead. Unless there was something else they lied about, and Edward had no doubt they had. He had to find out and if the situation was worse than what Dr. Webber's video indicated, fuck protocol. He'd save his family and Bella, before saving the world. AN: Were you expecting that? Lol Monica does love her zombies ;) Keep in mind, updates for this will be a little bit slow since I need to finish another birthday fic Incognito for MyHeroin. I'll be updating that before Christmas...I hope.