interests in girls. Quil and Embry matured alot too. They looked nothing like the scrawny boys I used to play in the woods with. Quil was my age I think give or take a year but looking at him in the rear view he could pass off for a twenty year old. Quil's gaze met mine in the rear view mirror and before I could look away he spoke up. "Well, look who finally came back to visit. What brings you back here?" "Uhh.. we're moving here." I blurted. A sharp pain ran through my shin. I peered down and saw that my mom reached back and grabbed my right leg, digging her nails in. Uh oh guess I made a mistake, but what else could I have done? I couldn't lie. They'd know in a few months when we were still here. "You are?" Paul turned away from the window to look at me, genuinely shocked. I don't know if this was meant to be good or bad but I instantly regretted saying anything because alot of this was unexpected even on my part since my mom 'forgot' to inform me that our distant family had no idea we were even moving here. As far as they knew up until now, we could have been dead. "Hey! This sure makes senior year alot more interesting. You'll be going to La Push high with Claire, Seth, Colin, Brady, and I. You can meet them tomorrow or something. We have to get you registered first since school starts monday." Quil babbled on and on. I pulled my leg out of my mother's death grip just as we rolled up in front of a beige two story house. The Black residence looked even cozier than I pictured. There was a little black mail box on the right of the drive way and two small flower beds on either side of the door. The front door didn't have steps but rather a little ramp. Off to the side toward the back of the house was a brick red shed. The memories were slowly coming back to me. Quil ran to knock on the door while Paul went around the back to get all the baggage unloaded. I climbed out and walked with my mom up the drive way. She refused to meet my eyes and instead looked forward at the solid oak door. There was a creak as the door opened revealing a disgruntled man who appeared to be in his fifties. He was in a wheel chair. This can't be uncle Billy. The uncle I remembered wasn't wheelchair bound and didn't look this tired and weary. His expression changed to disbelief and happiness as he took in the unexpected guests standing at his door. "Taha Aki it can't be," he muttered, "Emmie is that you?" The door opened wider and he beckoned us in. "Its been years since you came down here. Teddy's gotten so big!" "Yeah, its been awhile. Sorry for the intrusion. I planned on staying at the inn and dropping by to visit at a more reasonable hour but there was a slight change on plans thanks to Teddy's careless driving." I glowered at my mom. Sure blame me when you've done alot worse. "Not at all! Please stay here instead. Stay as long as you want. Its good to see you both again." Paul unloaded the last of our belongings in the living room as my mom and Uncle Billy settled down at the kitchen counter. I turned around to thank him but he was already in the car with Quil backing out of the drive way. Waving, I shut the door and joined my mom and uncle at the table. They were making small talk about the reservation and how life had been for us in California. As if small talk made up for ten years of distance. It was now around 4 a.m. in the morning and I was a zombie. Uncle Billy directed me toward Rachel's room upstairs and gave me the 411 on where everything in the house was. Climbing the stairs was like hiking up mount Everett when you're as tired out as I was. Sucks for me because Rachel's room was all the way down at the end of the hall too. I didn't even change or unpack. After brushing my teeth I hopped right into bed and was out like a light. "AWHOOOOOOO!" I sat up startled and grappled around for my phone. The digital clock flashed 4:27. I just couldn't catch a break. What kind of animal would be up at this hour? Maybe my pillow will muffle out the noise. "Way to go Embry! You caused an accident earlier. You know better than to run out onto the road." A voice hissed. "Dude it wasn't me. Ask Paul yourself! I was covering Quil's shift since he went to visit Claire" another voice responded in frustration. "Well if it wasn't you who was it? That was suppose to be your post." "How the hell should I know?!" came an exasperated reply. The voices were coming from outside down below. It sounded like Jake and Embry. I couldn't get a better look since the window was open just a crack. I put my hands under the window and pushed up. At first the window wouldn't budge but then it gave a loud squeal and slid open wider. Embry and Jake's head immediately snapped up toward the direction of the second story window. Shoot! They heard me. I laid down flattening myself out on the bed hoping they didn't see me. "Shit! We were too loud." Jake hissed. "Let's go before we wake anyone else up. Besides, Sam wants us to meet up." I sat up just in time to see them both disappear into the forrest. What the hell is going on? It's five in the morning. Anyone in their right mind would be in bed not running around half naked.