going on about Marcus, sir. Jasper has nothing to do with this - probably - and my mate has tried to kill me on a number of occasions." Oh I am so confused right now. I mean, what the fuck?! "You are under the false impression that the Major is the seers mate and the mind-reader is yours," Marcus continued, ignoring his blonde brother who was shaking his head back and forth violently. "That is wrong. The mind-reader and seer are mates, as you are to Caius, princepessa ." [princess] I gap, shocked stupid. "You have got to be kidding me! What could a god-like creature like Caius want with an insignificant human like me? I'm not worth it! I couldn't even keep my own mother's love let alone a vampire king's! And what the hell do you mean by princess!" "YOU ARE WORTH IT!" Caius roared at the same time Aro yelled: "YOU CAN SPEAK ITALIAN?!" Oops, looks like the cat is out of the bag on that one. I look at Aro, " alcuni, " I replied sheepishly in Italian. [Some.] I turned back to Caius, my mate, who sort of looks like he would love nothing more than to pummel his brothers into the ground. Six feet under, perhaps? I grabbed his hand, taking it between my own, calling his attention back to me. "I was going to tell you tonight, cara mia," Caius embarrassed, pulling me into his lap where I wrapped my arms around his neck, ignoring the pain in my ribs. "After I took you out for dinner. It was to be, as modern humans say, a date?" "You know, you are the second person in my entire life to tell me that I am worth it? This feels right...far more so than my relationship with the mind-fucker did. And so, my mate, I would love to go on a date with you," I grinned mischievously, putting my lips to his ear. "But now that I know, maybe we can end the night more pleasantly?" "Uh-hem," Aro cleared his throat nosily as he snapped his phone closed, drawing Caius and I from out goo-goo eyed stares. I promise that if a look could kill, Aro would be nothing more than a pile of ash. "That was Carlisle. He and the other members of his family will be here by morning. Apparently he was informed that the seer and mind-reader were being kept here for no reason at all." "What do you want to bet that Alice called him before she came to the castle?" I asked sarcastically, rolling my eyes. Caius nuzzled my neck as he smirked and I could have sworn I heard Marcus chuckle. "Nothing, none of us would bet against such odds," Aro said, throwing a ball of elastic bands into the air, catching it with his right hand before tossing it up again. Where did he get that thing anyway? Damn vampire speed. "I suppose that is all for tonight," Marcus said rising, his tone bored once again. "Caius, take the girl out for something to eat. Aro, I imagine Sulpicia would like some company. I will make sure that Athenodora will not be an issue." "Right!" Aro jumped up, running to the door. "Umm...Caius," I looked at my mate, marveling at his beautiful ruby eyes. "Who are Sulpicia and Athenodora?" "That's a...that is...umm...a long story?" Caius stuttered - wow, two vampire rendered into puddles of goo in less than six hours. I am good! I raised an eyebrow in question, causing Caius to sigh. "I'll tell you over dinner." Two hours and a wonderful authentic Italian dinner later, I was still waiting for an explanation. "Caius, who are Sulpicia and Athenodora?" I asked, lacing my arm through his as we walked through the streets of Volterra, towards the castle that stood majestically in the middle of the city. He placed a finger on his lips and lead me to a small park, gesturing for me to sit to on the bench beside him. Caius pulled out a box of cigarettes, lighting one up and inhaling deep. "Sulpicia is Aro's wife," he gulped and shut his eyes tightly. "Athenodora is mine." "YOU'RE MARRIED!" I yelled, jumping to my feet, tears streaming down my cheeks. "I thought...I believed...oh god!" I wrapped my arms around my middle, the hole that had closed a few months ago opening again, this time so wide that I felt it would swallow me hole. "Not again!" "Isabella, cara mia, please! Please listen," I heard Caius beg, his voice distant to my ears. "You are my mate, the one I have been waiting two millennia for. Athenodora, she was merely a companion while I waited for you to come along. I have never once felt love for her, nor her for me. Marcus is taking care of the paper work now, to make sure I am free of her, for you. And if she doesn't abide by it, she will be executed. Please cara, please do not leave me because of this." I moved to the weeping vampire, I taking his beautiful face between my hands. Leaning forward I brushed my lips over his, moaning as he pulled me onto his lap, taking control over the kiss. And what a kiss it was. When he pulled away so I could breathe, Caius enfolded me in his arms, placing his forehead against my shoulder. "You are mine, Isabella," he whispered gently. "Now and forever." "Now and forever," I agreed. I thought he would change me then but instead Caius stood up, holding me bridal style, and ran back to Volterra. He took me to the room in Marcus' wing and held me all night as I slept. It was a wonderful night. Right, so what do you think? Please review. By the way, if I butchered the Italian language, I am really sorry. There is only so much a English to Italian dictionary and Google Translator can do.