harmless. " I thought I was, but he peed his pants." Bella groaned but said nothing else. What could she say? I would never change my ways; her safety was too important to me. . . . Fuck, Felix was kicking my ass. I had only one more round before my record of always winning by TKO was shattered. Jasper and Tyler were right; Felix's taunting and ability to fuck with my head ruined my concentration. I listened to Jasper give me some pointers and advice. Bella stayed back, worrying the corner of her mouth. I waved the others away and asked her to come closer. "I shouldn't have come, Edward. He's using me against you." "I want you here, baby." I gestured for her to come closer; her blue dress matched the color of my shorts. It was a bit more modest than she usually wore but still sexy as fuck. "You look so damn good, love. Don't you worry about that asshole. I got this." She pulled away slightly, giving me one of those award-winning smiles of hers I loved. I asked for a kiss, not giving a fuck what anyone thought about us. She pressed her lips to mine, on my cheek, then whispered some instructions in my ear. I wasn't sure if I should go along, felt like playing dirty, but fuck it. We both looked over to Felix's wife Tanya in the crowd. She sent us a wink and a wave, the interaction catching the attention of her husband. Bella and I looked over at him, laughing a little just to fuck with his head. Felix's nostrils flared, looking away first to glare at his estranged wife. She'd given Bella some dirt to use if Felix kept giving me shit. "I love you." With one last kiss, Bella pulled back for the others to finish. It was strange how all the sounds of the room came rushing back. When it was just us, all I heard was her. I didn't bother to check if my dick was still in place after that thought; I felt it twitch. I rolled my shoulders, eyeballing Felix with a neutral expression. All the disgusting, vile things he said about Bella came back to me. Each one solidifying my need to put him in his place, to show him he couldn't fuck with my head. I knew Bella wasn't a bitch. I knew she wouldn't cheat on me. I knew she loved me. Nothing he could say would change her loyalty to me. At the sound of the ring, Felix practically steam rolled his way toward me. The first punch he sent glanced off my jaw, barely sending my head back. However, my right fist hit his ribs with a devastating blow. It made him stagger on his feet. I smirked, pissing him off more. Felix was a better fighter on the mat; as for me, on my feet was how I won in the past. He kept coming at me, trying to push or pull me down, but all he managed to do was exert himself. Sweat dripped off both of us, bruises littered our bodies. Yet, I felt calm for the first time since entering the cage. "What did your bitch tell you?" Felix all but growled, his voice distorted by his mouth guard. I let that shit roll right off my back, but cocked an eyebrow and glanced down at his crotch as Bella suggested earlier. Whatever shit was going on with Felix and his dick, it had to piss him off a lot, because the fucker spat in my face. I wiped that shit off with my bicep and advanced toward the asshole, swinging left and right, a kick to the ribs and a knee to his left side almost had me tumbling to the mat when he grabbed hold of me. I wrenched him around, ten seconds left on the clock. Again, all sound but Bella's voice fell away. "Go, Edward! After this, we can get married!" I had suggested that when we arrived in Las Vegas a couple days earlier. If getting married to this larger than life woman was the prize for winning, then I needed to put an end to this fight now. A wicked tilt to my mouth made Felix look nervous, and when the fucker got nervous, he made mistakes. "I'm going to fuck your bi…" He was out with a left hook and jab to his jaw before he could finish that sentence. Felix laid spread-eagled on the mat, his eyes closed, his bottom lip bleeding profusely before the ref called it. Screams erupted, the announcers were going nuts, but I had my eyes solely on my Bella. She jumped up and down along the side of the cage, clapping beside my cousin Alice. Jasper and Tyler patted me on the back, watching a dazed Felix stumble on his feet. He weaved left, until one of his trainers had to hold him up. I found Bella in the crowd, pushing my way to her. I picked her up around her waist, kissing the fuck out of her, sweeping her into my arms. Most of the talking and bullshitting with the media was a blur until someone asked me what I was going to do next. I looked right into the camera. "I'm going to marry and then fuck Isabella 'Bubble Butt' Swan!" AB: I hadn't planned on expanding this, it left at a good place. But I really want to write their first meeting, the flashback was fun to write and would love to expand on that. Let me know what you think about that? Thanks again to everyone who participated in the contest. For those of you curious of what pictures inspired this Edward and Bella, there are pics on my Twitter and Facebook accounts. There's even a picture of the pic Edward took of them on the couch. Twitter: ericastwilight Facebook: Erica Marroquin or Ericastwilight Fanficion Group