mounted the camera and angled it toward the bed again. "Where's the water coming from?" Lauren asked as she directed a point-and-shoot thermometer toward the center of the room. Previously, the room had ansteady temperature of sixty-eight degrees. Bella stood behind me and together, we watched Lauren walk closer to the bed. The reading on the thermometer was dropping rapidly. Emmett slipped quietly into the room with the camera in his hand. He stepped out of range when suddenly Eric cursed. "What the hell is that?" he asked, pointing toward the window. Though nothing stood at the foot of the bed, something was reflecting off the window. "I don't know," Emmett said. "The camera's picture looks distorted." I turned toward Jasper and gestured for him to get his ass up there. He nodded and was about to make his way upstairs when he stopped. "Where the hell is Bella?" Alice cursed and removed her glove. At the table's edge was a bottle of water Bella drank from earlier, picking it up with her ungloved hand, she whispered, "She went outside to call Rosalie and maybe get the spirit's attention." I called up to Emmett who tried to tell me something, but I stopped him. "Bella went outside, I think to lure the ghost. Get back there once you think the activity is gone upstairs." "What the hell is she thinking?" he said through the radio. "Shit, Edward, that thing is gone. All the equipment was going crazy and now, it just stopped. We'll be right down." I ran past Alice, Jasper and Ben, and found the door to the backyard from the basement. "Bella!" "Bella," Alice called out along with the rest of us as we made it out to the lawn. Behind the house, Rose had a small play area for the kids, a deck with a covered barbecue grill and what looked like a herb garden. I turned toward Eric. "Show me where you saw the footprints," I said firmly. I followed him toward a side yard where there was a trellis that led to Rose's room. I cursed and asked him what direction they looked they had come from. I prayed we weren't too late as we ran toward the river. Even though the backyard was fenced in, it was in need of fixing. There was missing slats here and there. Bella stood just outside one of the openings and held her hand out. Surrounding her was a pool of water, though she seemed to be dry. I opened a nearby gate and made my way toward her, the others following close behind me. "What is it?" I asked. "I called Rose for her ex's last name and called my dad," Bella whispered, swaying again. I captured her before she fell as she continued to explain. "He said his mother, Beth King, died a few months ago." I cursed under my breath, she died around the time the occurrences started in Rose's home. "She had accidently drowned while she was intoxicated." "Let's get some readings out here," I whispered to Emmett and Eric. They nodded and turned to walk along the slow moving river. It was relatively cold, and there were patches of ice along the banks. I brushed my lips against Bella's cheek and held her close. "Don't do that again." "I only meant to call, I couldn't get a signal inside the house." She looked up to me, the tip of her nose and the apples of her cheeks were flushed from the cold. "I'm sorry." "I can't lose you," I whispered as I laid my forehead on hers. "I can't, sweetheart." "I know," she said, laying her head on my chest. After a few minutes, we decided to split up again into groups to see if we could get anything. I was speaking to Jasper as Emmett and Eric made their way to the house when Lauren said something. "What the hell is happening?" Lauren murmured, pointing toward the river. Water seemed to creep over the edge and in our direction. Slowly, in an almost snakelike movement, water pooled at our feet. "Get back," Bella said in that voice that she used to talk with the dead. "Get the hell back!" I watched as fear came over the delicate features of Bella's face. Her pale complexion almost glowed under the moonlight as we stood by the river's edge. "What is it, Bella?" I asked as I stepped closer. She held up her hand and shook her head, tears forming in her eyes. What the hell is wrong with her? I took one step toward her and the puddle of water in which we stood suddenly pulled back. As if it was being suctioned back toward the river. I looked up at Bella in confusion, shock clearly evident on her face. Alice and Lauren screamed as Bella fell face first on the ground. Her eyes snapped back to mine, her fingernails digging into the dirt. Her blood-curdling scream echoed around us as I, and the other members of my team, reached for her. "Edward!" Her body slid backward toward the water, dust and forest debris whipped around her. Bella's fingers left gouges in her wake as she tried to fight whatever had a hold of her. I lunged toward her; damn it, I shouldn't have left her side. "Bella!" I cried out as I scrambled for her outstretched fingers, falling to the ground as she continued to scream. "I can't swim," she screamed. "Help me!" I missed her by a mere inch as she disappeared under the dark water. "Fuck!" I said as I crawled toward the edge but felt resistance as Emmett and Eric held me back. "Let me go!" I roared as I fought against their hold. "Bella!" AN: Thanks to kyla713 for your help and encouragement. The second part to this will be up at midnight. I hope you enjoyed the first chapter of the sequel to She Speaks Fear and Truth.