arms hard. "How far along? Is it even mine?" Esme watched, almost numb, as Maria played an award-winning role of an estranged daughter-in-law. Maria's widened, her dark eyes positively swimming with tears, she looked like a little girl, despite the gray and black tear tracks falling down her pale cheeks. Maria cradled her husband's face, her bottom lip quivering. "What have they been telling you? How could you think I would cheat on you, mi corazón? You are my life, mi vida. And now we have a baby on the way, a little baby." The quick succession of three thundering claps startled everyone in hall, each turning to watch Edward cross his arms over his chest as he leaned his shoulder causally against the wall. He had removed his tie; no doubt, the night and everything he had learned had taken a toll. "Amazing performance, Maria. Not exactly Oscar-worthy, maybe a People's Choice Award." He smirked as Maria's hand flew up to slap him, but he caught her wrist in time to stop her. "In your condition, you shouldn't resort to violence, you could hurt the baby." The words and tone mocking. "I'm taking her to take a pregnancy test." Esme decided to step in, because from the defeated look on Jasper's face, Maria's disloyalty had been proven. Maria's face paled further, her breath caught as her jaw dropped open in shock. "Que?" Esme shrugged, somewhat embarrassed by her actions. "What? We all know how much I want a grandchild. I wanted to be prepared just in case." "Go take a test now." Carlisle's voice and tone made Maria shudder, her eyes remaining on her too quiet husband. "Jasper?" Maria whispered, grasping Jasper's hands in hers. "Go take the test." Though Jasper's voice was softer, the underlying anger was clear. Maria stepped away from her husband, defiantly tipping up her chin. "No." The heavy click of an armed gun echoed in the hallway, making Maria scream, tumbling away from Edward's Sig and lethal glare. Jasper grabbed Maria's arm, alternating from pulling and pushing her down the hall to the elaborate bathroom. "Take the fucking test. Not that it changes anything." "It was only one time!" Maria cried, openly sobbing, aware her time was coming to an end. "I swear I only fucked him once." "He was a former cop, who was trying to get his badge back by using you." Edward tossed the photos Jenks had sent to him before dessert on the floor. Most were of Maria in compromising positions, in various locations, some public, others more private. At the sight of the photos, Maria continued to plead she was pregnant and didn't know the man used to be a cop, that she didn't tell him anything. "There are tapes," Jasper whispered, nearly throwing his wife into the bathroom. He opened several cabinets, finding a few pregnancy tests and slapping two on the counter. "Now quit fucking stalling and take the fucking tests." Carlisle whispered for someone to stand outside the window in case Maria tried to make a run for it. "Don't bother." Esme held out her hand for Edward's gun. "I need to see her do it. I wouldn't put it past her to find a way to fake results." She shooed them away, reassuring her boys that she could handle Maria. The door locked them alone together. "Sit down." Esme held up the gun, relishing the weight of it in her hand. It was rare when she had the need or opportunity to use one, which she preferred. She would never normally insert herself in the family business, but this woman messed with her son. Maria pleaded silently with large, luminous eyes. "Please." "Now, Maria." Maria closed her eyes, her lips moving in prayer as she did what they demanded of her. Esme opened the door once Maria finished her business, everyone awaiting the results. Whatever the results would be, Maria knew her life was over. She slid down one wall, prayers spilling from her lips. Her detached gaze on the two sticks and timer on the counter. "Was she checked for bugs?" Edward asked Felix farther down the hall, unable to handle the tension that filled the air. Felix nodded. "After you voiced your suspicions, I checked her twice and insisted she leave her purse and coat with me at the door. Found four, but none are transmitting now." Edward's fury was barely contained. "The former cop was accused of brutality, and suspended during the investigation. Landing a Cullen in prison or all of us would not be ignored by the Chief." "No, but he also doesn't appear to be talking to anyone either." Edward shook his head. "He wouldn't. He'd want all the credit. But he'd be smart enough to hide anything he learned." Felix nodded, pulling out his phone and calling Jenks to sweep for safes or safety deposit boxes, also any computer equipment the former Detective Marks might have recently purchased. "No!" Maria screamed, pushing Esme against the counter and running past Jasper and his father. Edward held up his gun, shouting for her to stop. "Don't shoot her, Edward!" Jasper grabbed Maria from behind, holding her arms against her sides as she kicked and screamed. "Is she pregnant?" Edward wanted to know the truth. Jasper shook his head. "No, but I can't let you shoot her." "Son." Carlisle's voice was softer, something they rarely heard when addressing them. "You know what this means." "I know." Jasper's eyes met Edward's gaze, but instead of the anger he expected, all he saw was despair and anguish. "You can't do it, because even though it has to be done, I will never forgive you, Edward. Ever." Edward nodded, ignoring Maria's screams and gesturing toward Felix. "Not family." Jasper closed his eyes, his voice deadly calm. "I have to do it." Esme gasped, her eyes filling with tears as her eldest son shattered, as she predicted, before her eyes. Who would pick up the pieces?