she wants something, she'll tell him. "Fuck me already!" He laughs. She curses and decides she can play his game. She releases one of her hands from his arm and immediately slips a few fingers between her thighs. His breath hitches. "Good idea," he whispers, his eyes on her hand between them. "While you fuck your pussy—" he stops and squeezes an ass cheek. "I'll tease that beautiful ass of yours." She can't help but moan. He lifts a finger to her mouth. She quickly takes it in, sucking hard. His eyes narrow, his hips bucking under her. It pops free and joins hers on her pussy. It circles and teases, slick within moments. He debates on having a taste, but the wicked look he gives her says he'd have one later. She moans at the thought of his mouth and tongue on her. As she works two fingers inside herself, his wet finger teases her ass. She cries out when he adds the barest of pressure, moans when he takes it away. "You're almost there," he whispers, his voice much less controlled than before. She shakes her head in denial, but it's a lie. "Yes you are." She distracts him by pulling her dress down to expose her tits. He hisses. His hips don't lie either. He's getting desperate, too. She's at the pinnacle. Her fingers work deep inside, but they pale in comparison to his cock. She wants it, and she knows it wouldn't take much more for her to come. The second her thumb moves toward her clit, he stops, his finger in her ass, his mouth on her nipple. She smacks his arm with her free hand. "You are so paying for this!" She tries to move, but his hand grips her hip too tight. "I'm looking forward to it." A minute passes in this standstill, and she's not sure she'll survive another round of teasing. Her breath finally calms enough for him to move again. "That's it, Bella," he says, his mouth taking hers. He pulls back to breathe. "It won't take long this time." She whimpers, closing her eyes. He's right. In under a minute, she's there again, with just his finger moving in and out of her ass and his tongue on her skin. He pulls away, making her moan when he denies her again. She can barely breathe. He spins her around, places her in front of him on her hands on her knees. He silently thanks the fact that she got a big enough limo. As if she knew just what would take place tonight. He's desperate for her now, more than ever. Her dress is around her waist, his chest against her back, his mouth by her ear. "Hold on," he hisses. He pulls back, and with one hand curled over her shoulder, the other around her hip, he slowly slides inside her pussy. She slaps the floor with her hand as he groans in ecstasy. She pushes back, wanting more, needing it. It's her turn to make demands. "Harder, faster." He complies, driving inside her hard enough to make her fall onto her forearms. The hand on her shoulder moves to cup her breast, pinching her nipple between his fingers. She cries out, her arms trembling due to the force of his thrusts. He continues in the same way, not slowing or gentling. She loves it anyway. Edward moves the hand on her hip to squeeze her ass, and then to tease her clit. Another trio of thrusts and he pushes his thumb into her ass. He loves the sounds she makes when they're like this. A soundtrack no one else will hear from her again. He uses his thumb, his cock, and his words to make her cry out and come. Her forehead is on the floor, her arms trying to find purchase as he rides it along with her. He slips his thumb from her, making her protest, but curls his body over hers, thrusting his hips hard and erratically. Seeking the oblivion he desperately wants, he wishes he was better prepared. He'd fuck her ass now, knowing it would send her over again. He makes due with his hand curled around her throat, his mouth on her cheek, with his cock pounding deep inside her. Covered in sweat, she comes again, tears forming at the corners of her eyes. His name is a chant on her beautiful lips, and it sends him over. He bites her chin and continues to fuck her through it, extending it for them both until they collapse. He's capable enough to pull her against him and sits back on the seat. She rests her head back on his shoulder, struggling to catch her breath. She says nothing, whimpering as he slips out of her. "Sir," a clear voice calls through the intercom. "We'll be at the hotel in two minutes." It's a warning that they need to clean up, because the media and fans will be waiting. "I don't think I'll be able to move in two minutes," Bella hisses, her hand reaching between her thighs. "I think you broke my pussy." Edward laughs and kisses her before righting her clothes. "I hope not, I still plan for you to sit on my face." She claps her hands, smiling. "There's nothing like a sixty-nine to end the night." He lifts an eyebrow. "Who says the night will end there?" She pouts a little, her fingers pointing between her thighs. "Um, you might need to find somewhere else to stick it in." "I'll think of something." She pats his arms. "You're smart. I'm sure you will." He carries her through the throng of fucking paps, wincing when he realizes he hadn't adjusted her dress over her naked ass enough when one asshole crouches enough to get the picture. There's going to be hell for that. AN: Written for LivieLiv79's birthday. Have a good one! Also, thanks to o_oza for oozifying the doc.