head and growl. She increased her pace, and I thrust up to meet her. I wouldn't last much longer and when her head rolled forward again, I could see in her face that she wouldn't either. Her muscles began contracting, and I knew a well placed finger would push her over the edge. I knew her so well. With one hand returning to her waist, I saw her eyes pass over the other one with anticipation as I moved it toward where we were joined. With a few strokes she was lost. Her muscles clenched and vibrated, and a moment later I found my release, our cries blending together in a perfect harmony. I pulled her chest toward me as her body separated from mine. I always felt a twinge of sadness at that instant that we came apart. The closest I ever felt to perfection was when I was entangled with her. The sadness never lasted long, for she always was still there and still mine. She lay on her back, and I nestled her in my arms. I could see in her eyes that she was sleepy again. As contented as she was, she was also a bit worn out, and I couldn't help but laugh when she subdued a yawn. "Did I bore you?" I mocked. "Never," she insisted. "I'm sorry. I wish I had more energy, but getting tired and worn out seems to be a side effect of this needing sleep thing. That was wonderful," she said and placed a kiss against my neck, then rested her head on my arm, her eyes halfway closed. "You're going to leave me for dreamland?" I said with a dramatic sigh. "Dreamland two nights ago is what inspired the purple panties," she mumbled. I perked up. "Oh, really? What do you dream about?" "I dream about the dream that came true. You." Her eyes peeked up toward my face through her long eyelashes, expressing her admiration with that look. I kissed her forehead. "You're too good to me, love, but what happened with the purple panties in your dream?" The mischievous grin was back. "You ripped them off. I woke up wanting to engage you immediately, but I knew we were going to have the place to ourselves this morning, so I held off." "You are a little minx." "MILF," she corrected. "That comes without saying, but I think at the moment you need some rest." "I'm sorry, but you've worn me out," she said contentedly. "Thank you for my Father's Day present," I said with another kiss and a brush of my hand over her belly. "You're welcome." She didn't stifle the yawn this time. "You don't have to stay with me." "Nonsense, where else would I rather be than with you resting in my arms?" I said gently. It was true. There was nowhere I would ever rather be than with her. "But it must be so boring for you," she groaned. "On the contrary, your movements and facial expressions are fascinating." She quietly laughed, "Always the curious one." "It's in my nature." "And I wouldn't have you any other way." And with that she dozed off. Bella once told me that the first time she saw Esme she conjured up thoughts of Snow White in the flesh. As I looked down at her, a sleeping and enchanted princess seemed like the most appropriate description. Sleeping Beauty would have worked too. I was the prince who longed to kiss her awake, but I resisted. She didn't move much, but at one moment her subconscious self turned into me and pressed her body against mine with her round stomach just touching my abdomen. She settled again, and I went back to admiring her magnificence. It was nearly an hour later that I felt the movement in her belly where it pressed against mine. It was slightly more significant than before, but she remained asleep. I slipped my arm out from under her angelic head, replacing it with my pillow so I could shift down to face her stomach again. I touched my fingers to it and felt the movement within. I reverently kissed just above her navel. "I love you," I whispered close to her skin. "We have wanted you for so long, and you are so loved, not just by your mom and dad, but by your brothers and sisters and niece, too. We can't wait to meet you in a few months. You are our miracle." I pressed my lips to her again and felt another swift movement. I smiled, then disciplined the miracle for the first time. "By the way, I'm your daddy, and I'm ordering you not to wake your mommy." There was a lighter response and then no more for the moment. "Your daddy thanks you for listening." I returned to my former position of holding Esme in my arms. As much as I loved watching her blissfully experiencing the joy of pregnancy, I longed for the day she would give birth and we would meet this miracle that had been so long in coming. I had been father, dad, and grandpa, but never before had I been daddy . I loved the sound of it. Daddy had the potential to be the greatest challenge yet, but also the potential for more joy than I could even begin to fathom. And side by side with mommy and a supporting cast of siblings, I knew there would be love, laughter, adventure and proof that wishes do come true. I hope you enjoyed Carlisle's Father's Day. I wrote a prologue piece for this idea in September 2010. That piece, entitled If I Had One Wish , is on my tumblr, and you can find the link to it on my profile page. Thank you to MarchHare5 and Batgirl8968 for their awesome beta work on the one-shot! Look on my profile page for the link to the beautiful banner for this story created by FrozenSoldier!