over the edge of the tub. He had lined up several just in case. I picked up the first one and immediately had my fingers through it. How was it possible that I could be this strong? I gave up on that one and dropped it into the water. I focused on the next one and frustratingly had the same result. I balled up what was left of it and threw it towards the wall. My mouth fell open in shock as it hit the wall with a bang and a puff of powder sprayed into the air as the plaster shattered. Petrified, I gaped at the hole in the wall when I heard a frantic knock at the door. "Esme, are you alright?" Carlisle's voice was frantic. "She'll be fine." I heard Edward say with a relaxed tone. "She just figured out how strong she actually is." "Edward enough," the knocking continued. "Esme! Answer me." "He's right!" I heard myself say in a voice even higher than the one I was getting use to. "I just threw a washcloth." Through a wall! I threw a hand over my mouth, stifling a giggle. I was still a bit in shock but couldn't help find some humor in this ridiculous situation. I heard Edward laugh. "I like her." I heard them retreat, now able to distinguish one walk from the other. I looked at another washcloth and spoke to it as I would have to one of my students. "You saw what happened to your brother. Be good and stay in one piece if you don't want to suffer the same fate." I picked it up, unfolded it, grabbed the bar of soap and finished my bath without incident. I managed to stand up and step out without causing any damage. I picked up a towel and began drying my hair successfully. My throat was enflamed again even though I still felt full. I looked at the toilet. I had felt no urge to relieve myself and even if I had, what would come out? I shivered a bit at the thought of it. A second towel survived drying my body before I wrapped it around me and tucked it in at the top. Proud of my achievement I walked to the door and grabbed the door knob but stopped as my hand wrapped around it. I focused on the amount of energy I would need to exert to turn it and pull open the door. I bit my bottom lip as I started the motions but sighed as I immediately had the door knob crushed and detached from the door in my hand. Keep practicing. I set it down on the sink and pulled open the broken door and walked into the open door across the hall. I managed to lightly press it closed, leaving it open just a bit so I didn't have to test this door knob as well. Slightly mortified, I looked around at every piece of fabric I owned laid out before me. It wasn't a lot - it was just that I didn't like the fact that these strangers had seen my undergarments. I didn't know what I could wear. Nothing would fit right. My pre-pregnancy clothes wouldn't fit my healthier shape and my maternity clothes were too big. I looked at a light pink dress that looked loose enough that it would fit over my body. I focused on everything I touched as being tissue. I inched on my undergarments with concentration. My brow must have furrowed as I pulled the dress over my head and gently slid my arms through the sleeves wishing they were shorter but like most of my clothes from the last few years I had worn sleeves to cover the bruises. I tried to reach back and button it but the button immediately popped off the fabric. That was going to be too difficult to accomplish on day one and I didn't want to rip the dress since it actually did fit. I would get one of them to assist. I slid on a pair of shoes that had no ties or buckles. I picked up my hair brush and pulled the door open and walked back across the hall to look in the mirror. The dress had a more distinct shape on me now than it did in the past but I liked it. I gently ran the brush through my wet hair, flattening it out. I looked at the fake metal ban on my finger and pulled it off. I went back over to the other room and setting down the brush and the ring, looked up and out the window. The sky was just starting to turn a shade lighter. Twilight was beginning. *** Yes the cracking sound was Esme crushing Edward. So what do you think of Esme's awakening? Was it what you were expecting? Please review! Thank you to TeamPetabeth for inspiring me to write Esme's Story and thank you to my beta TheCullenPixie . Follow me on twitter _esme_cullen Book One was rated T and right now Book Two is rated T as well. I don't know if it will remain T. If you are a reader that is opposed to M ratings please let me know. I would consider doing M versions of chapters as outtakes instead if a large contingent of my readership is opposed to M. If you are a reader that wants to see M then let me know that too so I can weigh everyone's thoughts. Send me a PM. I'm looking for a second beta! If you have read Book One and are interested in being a beta on Book Two and eventually Book Three, send me a note. Please be at least 21 years old. I'm looking for someone who will look for grammar and spelling errors but also will give me feedback on storyline and character development. Send me a PM. Thank you for reading!