hand over face and tried to bury it in her pillow. Great! Now I would have to worry about asphyxiation! Focusing on her breathing, I listened to the even rhythm of her respiration, my ears twitching at even the slightest change of configuration. There was no hindrance in the normal pattern, and I closed my eyes in relief when she turned her head slightly to the side, leaving her mouth and nose free of any impediment. I suppose this was what a parent felt like with their newborn. Unbearably anxious as their little one did something that they did not even consider, but that with which I would reason was dangerous. I had newfound respect for parents the world over. The manner in which I was behaving now was impulsive, selfish… dangerous . Should she have rolled over and caught me here – sitting nonchalantly in her rocking chair, gazing in perplexity and adoration at her – surely then, she would have screamed? And then what would you have done, hmmm? In my own defense, this was the first time she had awoken during my visits, but even to my own ears, it was a weak, inexcusable defence. Bella mumbled again, but was otherwise silent. Still no talking. Maybe she didn't have anything to discuss in her own head tonight? Who knew? Certainly not I. Why couldn't I just hear her? Rubbing my chin, I watched Bella try to sleep, but she was clearly so agitated, that it was impossible. Again, I analysed every sentence of our conversations from today. Was it something that I had exposed that was causing her restive slumber? I couldn't remember anything that had really been frightening. Nothing that would create nightmares, surely? I was madder with myself for illuminating all my closely guarded secrets like the lovesick fool I was. But for my own defence, when she was dreaming about unpleasant things, she usually voiced her grievances. As the talking was still not forthcoming, it seemed unlikely and I relaxed slightly, assured that I had not caused her fretting. Sighing heavily, Bella rolled again, this time to face me. She was still asleep, but not deeply under. Again, I imagined what I would say to her if she opened her eyes. Blood would drain from her cheeks, her eyes would widen to resemble the full moon and her mouth would gape with the scream building up. " Oh, hello, Bella. What are you dreaming of? You're not usually so restless when you sleep. I would know, of course, as I've been spying on you for the last few nights." That would be a brilliant icebreaker. So why was I half hopeful that she would wake up and see me? What was wrong with me? I sighed at myself as I got up. This was wrong; I needed to leave, now . Before turning to my unavoidable escape, I gazed upon her, lingering on her beloved face. Torn between leaving and staying, I took the four cautious steps necessary to bring me to her bedside and slowly crouched down to hover inches above her. Anxious that she would wake, cursing at myself silently for being this reckless, I let my nose touch a strand of her tangled hair and inhaled deeply. The scratching, dehydrated ache combined with the inferno that seared my throat was still very, very painful, but I realised – with delight and astonishment – that it no longer curled my muscles in eager anticipation for the hunt, it no longer drove me to an act that would destroy me…it no longer controlled me and drove the monster within me to demand satisfaction. As long as I was always rigidly in control. Carlisle had been right. My inexorable love for Bella was beginning to feel strong enough to conquer the desire for her life. The monster was silenced…for now. I was under no misapprehension that it was forever banished, but I would be able to control it better when it reared its ugly head again. Gently twisting the lock of silken hair around my finger; I continued to breathe regularly, crouching over her for a few seconds longer, taking pleasure in the feel of her glossy tress wrapped around my unbending finger as the warmth from the strands coiled like a spring around the digit. It was only a few more hours until daybreak; I would leave now, but not completely. Whisper beneath my breath, I kissed the hair coating around my finger. "Good night, lovely Bella. Dream of me and my love, as I would dream of you…I love you." Untangling my finger, I backed up to the window and zipped out before I could find another excuse to linger…and do something really stupid. Leaping nimbly into the same great fir tree that had been my shadowy perch days earlier, I settled into a convenient 'v' and watched Bella from a distance that was nothing really, but still seemed too great. The hulking dark and flawed windowpane did nothing to hinder my view of Bella in her bed. I could clearly see that she was still edgy. It worried me that she would not have the necessary hours of sleep if this kept up, but honestly, what could I do to sooth her? Sing her the lullaby I had created? I snorted to myself. That would be an even better icebreaker. Deeply concerned, I remained ridged in the tree until well after four o'clock. Only then did she relax completely, obviously exhausted by her disruptive night. I felt calmer as I noted her deep slumber and relaxed into my seat a little more, beginning to compile my list of questions for her...it was only a few more hours until I could enjoy her company. Remaining in my guarding position, I stayed there until just before dawn, before running back to my home to change, eager to avoid being spotted by the early risers in the neighborhood…perched like a vampire bat in wait.