seen the inside of more clubs, half naked bodies of bikini clad women and had consumed more alcohol in those three days than I had in my entire life. Don't get me wrong, it was fun to let loose and I'd had a blast with him, but I was paying for it now by being exhausted and still fighting some lingering after affects. I didn't know how much time had gone by, but I was just about to doze off when I felt a light thud on my arm near my shoulder. Turning my head to the right and looking down I saw that Bella had shifted in her seat as she slept and her head was now resting on my arm. Unable to tear my eyes off of her, I took in everything about her. She was incredibly pretty and in a completely natural way. She wasn't all made up to be something other than what her natural features gave her. First thing I noticed was her eyelashes as they rested against her skin. The contrast between her dark lashes and the lighter tone of her skin had caught my attention and then I saw they were long full and slightly curved at the ends. She had a light smattering of freckles and a bit of a pink tint across the bridge of her nose and apples of her cheeks. It appeared as though she had recently spent some time in the sun. Not only did her face have a touch of sun warm glow to it in addition to the hint of pink, but her arms and legs had a warm golden color to them which was too natural looking to be one of those tans that come out of a bottle, or spray-on tan places. From there my eyes traveled to her plump pink lips and I wondered what it'd be like to kiss them as my eyes then wandered over the rest of her small frame. She was small, but had soft curves in all the right places. I shook my head and rubbed my eyes to clear the thoughts that began to fill my head while looking at her. Forcing my gaze back to the relaxed expression on her face, I was again stuck with the notion that I had seen her somewhere before. But I shook it off if for no other reason than the fact that she was tanned said there was no way she had been in Baltimore recently. The only reason I had begun to tan was due to spending the last three days in Miami. This spring had been cooler than normal so if she by some chance had been up north, I doubted that she'd have been lying out in the sun. Watching her sleep I found myself willing her to wake up so she would open her eyes and I could see them again. It was strange to feel this attraction or whatever it was I had for her. I'd had girlfriends before, not many, but a few, and I had never been inclined to watch them sleep. Heck if I was around and they were sleeping that usually meant I was sleeping too. And having sleepovers was not something I did often. For a few minutes I allowed myself to hope that maybe she was going to volunteer too. It would be nice to have someone close to my own age to talk to when there was time. You didn't find many in my age group looking to spend their summers helping out those whose lives had been destroyed by natural disasters, political unrest, or famine and poverty. I had asked Emmett to give it a shot a handful of times over the last two years we'd been sharing an apartment just off campus, but he had always turned me down. But I knew it wasn't for everyone so I never held it against him. The thing was, as nice as it would be to have someone to talk to and hang out with for the summer when there was time, I was also attracted to her and that was the part that worried me. At the end of the summer I'd be headed back to Baltimore and she'd be headed back to Miami or wherever. Because of that, no matter what kind of attraction either of us might have for one another, it could never go beyond a platonic relationship. If by some chance she was volunteering for the summer, we'd be friends and then say our goodbyes come August. Resolving to hold myself to the conclusion I'd just come to, I closed my eyes one last time hoping to get some rest before the long days and hard work began. Life is a bit busy these days so I will be updating every other Friday in order to make sure I can keep up with life and my writing. As always there will be pictures posted on my blog to go with several of the chapters and under the page titled Somewhere I Belong you can find pictures of all the characters as they appear in the story. Don't worry if you don't see one of your favorite characters there yet, I am adding them as they make their appearance in the story. You can also see the amazing banner that EmilyMarie15 made for me. Teasers will be posted on the blog on every other Monday. So the first teaser will go up on Monday the 23rd, followed with the next chapter on Friday the 27th. The blog link is on my profile page. If you aren't already doing so, you need to hurry on over to My-Bella's profile page and check out the story we are currently working on together. Beneath the Surface is amazing and has an Edward like none I've ever seen! Thanks so much for coming along with me on this journey. I can't wait to see what you think. EA