in years. He attributed his creative burst to Bella. Her optimism and enthusiasm were infectious. Bella was thrilled to see this side of Edward emerge. He was excited about his work again, but more importantly he was excited about life. There was no more moping, bemoaning his age and worrying about things he hadn't done. He'd embraced Bella's way of thinking and was looking to the future. The only downside to Edward's feverish desire to finish his novel was that Bella had hardly seen him for weeks. They spoke on the phone, and got together every few days, but most of that time was spent discussing his progress and going over the changes he'd made. There had been more kissing and touching during their time together, but Edward had clearly been distracted and eager to get back to work, so the physical aspect of their relationship had stalled. Finally, the day arrived when Edward felt he was finished. He'd read and re-read, and in his heart he knew that this was his novel as it was meant to be. He knew it might not set the world on fire, but it was his. It had truly been a labor of love, along with a good deal of frustration, and he was proud of it, whatever happened. When Bella opened her door one evening to see Edward standing there, an enormous smile on his face, she knew he'd done it. She threw her arms around him, hugging him tightly, and whispered, "I'm so, so proud of you." Pulling back, she beamed up at him. She was practically vibrating with excitement. "Now we have two things to celebrate." Edward looked at her in confusion for a moment, then his eyes widened in realization. "Your show—you got the show! Oh, Bella, that's wonderful. God, I'm sorry. I've been so caught up in getting this done I never even asked you how it was going." "Don't be sorry. We've both got something to be proud of. Come on, I've got dinner cooking." Bella looked him over with a disapproving eye. "I bet you've been living on takeout, when you've actually taken the time to eat." Edward ran his hand through his hair, flashing her a guilty smile. "You'd win that bet, I'm afraid." "No matter. It's done now, and I'll make sure you're fed and properly taken care of." Bella winked at him, and Edward knew she wasn't just talking about dinner. He felt an excited stirring in the pit of his belly. Edward's hopes were realized when, after dinner, Bella took a bottle of wine in hand and perched on his lap. Curling a hand around his neck, she leaned in to nuzzle his ear and whispered, "Let's take this upstairs." She raised the bottle of wine to clarify, but her demeanor made it clear that they would be doing more than just drinking wine. Edward stood abruptly, with Bella in his arms, and moved towards the stairs. He said nothing, merely gazing at her with adoration. Once they were in Bella's room, clothes were removed slowly and with reverence, in between heated kisses. Edward led Bella to the bed and gently laid her down, resting his body on top of hers and feathering kisses on her eyelids, her nose, her lips. He sucked and licked at her tight pink nipples, marveling at the way her breasts seemed to fit perfectly in his palms. He made his way down her body, leaving her burning with need everywhere his lips and fingers touched. He knelt between her spread thighs, running his fingers along the soft skin, watching goosebumps burst forth in their wake. When he moved in toward where Bella was warm and wet, her hips bucked up to meet his fingers. He pushed two in, watching as her eyes closed and her fingers clutched at the bedding. Her voice was a fervent whisper. "Oh…Edward, please. I don't want to wait any more. I want to feel you, now." Edward swallowed hard, clenching his eyes shut against the fear that he'd disappoint her. "It's just us, Edward. I want you. I love you. Please." Bella's eyes shone with love and vulnerability. Edward pushed his own insecurities aside and kissed her temple. "I love you too, Bella. So much." Taking a deep breath, he slowly entered her, feeling as though the air was being sucked from his lungs as he pushed into her tight, lush heat. Bella's hands roamed from his shoulders, down his sides and to his firm backside, settling there as she rolled her hips against his. They moved together, exchanging whispered words of love and adoration. Edward pulled back to look into Bella's eyes, awed that this amazing woman was here with him. Wanted him . Loved him . He moved his hand between them, desperate to see Bella fall apart before his eyes. As Bella's orgasm began, Edward felt his own approaching. He buried himself deep inside her, his eyes pinched shut as he felt his balls tighten, and he let go with a guttural moan. "Oh, Bella..." Edward rolled to the side and wrapped his arm around her, burrowing his face into her sweet-smelling hair. He felt a profound sense of peace and happiness. A soft hand stroked his damp hair. "That was perfect." Bella's big, brown eyes shimmered with emotion. "We're perfect together. I love you, Edward." Edward bit back the protest that rose to his lips. He knew what Bella meant, and her acceptance and love were a gift that he was still learning to receive. He gazed at her warmly. "My beautiful girl. I hope there are many more things that we can celebrate like that." Bella smiled. "Every day we have together should be celebrated, Edward." Edward could find nothing to disagree with there, and so he simply took Bella's face in his hands and kissed her senseless. Thanks for reading—I hope you enjoyed it! Please let me know what you thought in a review. xo