me a flat stare. He wasn't smiling as he said, "You tell me," and folded his long body into the backseat of a cab. The next couple of weeks at the office were awkward, to say the least. We circled around one another, our attitudes professional and cordial but nothing more. A few times, when we were out of sight of our co-workers, I caught Jasper staring at me as though trying to figure me out. When I caught his eye, he'd shake his head and walk away. I felt vindicated in keeping my sexuality hidden. I wasn't gay, so why should I subject myself to the hatred and prejudice that would come with being with a man? Jasper obviously didn't care if he was with me again or not. If I was completely honest with myself, I'd enjoyed being with Jasper, but I could live without it. I made up my mind to try and get together with Bella again. I imagined her naked, her full breasts bouncing as she rode me, and tried to ignore the fact that my dick remained soft and my mind stubbornly kept going back to images of Jasper thrusting into me. I had to admit to myself that I missed him. I missed his flirting that I'd once found so annoying. I missed the rapport we'd developed in that one incredible night. Sometimes I wondered why I was holding out and refusing to accept that I was attracted to, and was developing feelings for, a man. Jasper . Our unspoken policy of avoiding one another as much as possible was thwarted by Carlisle when he teamed us up on another project. Still, we did as much as we could through email and stilted phone conversations, only getting together when it was absolutely necessary. As the deadline for the project loomed, we both found ourselves working longer hours. Finally, the night before we had to present it to Carlisle and Emmett, I sighed as I got out from behind my desk and stretched. It was already seven o'clock and the office was deserted. I still had a couple of hours' worth of work ahead of me, so I walked to Jasper's office to see how he was doing on his end. He looked up as I stood in the doorway. "You can come in." I sat in the leather and chrome chair in front of his desk, drumming my fingers nervously. He offered to finish up some of my work since he was just about finished with his portion. I was grateful and in less than an hour, we were wrapping things up. He'd called me over to clarify a point in one of the documents I'd sent him. I stood behind him, leaning over his shoulder as he pointed at his computer screen, but I barely heard what he said. I hadn't been this close to him since our night in Chicago, and the smell of his cologne sent me back in time to that night. Distracted as I was, I didn't notice him turning in his chair until we were nose to nose. My breathing picked up and my heart pounded in my chest. I knew what I wanted, and the desire to feel his lips again was stronger than my fear of rejection. I closed the short distance and pressed my lips to his. His mouth remained still against mine, and I pulled back to look at him. His eyes were burning with what I hoped was desire. When he spoke his voice was controlled, but there was no mistaking the anger in it. "Yeah? You want this, Edward? Did you decide to stop being a pussy and accept what you really want? If not, then you can fuck right off." My decision was made, had been since that night in Chicago. I just hadn't realized it. "I want this. I want you, Jasper. No hiding." He stood and grabbed my jaw, pressing a hard kiss to my lips. "I'd just about given up on you. Be sure, Edward. You're mine now." "I'm sure." "Jasper, how'd you know it wasn't the first time I'd been with a man?" We were lying spent in his bed, having just made love, and as my mind wandered it occurred to that I'd never asked him. It really was love; after six months together, we were in it for the long haul. He'd said it first, and when I whispered the words back to him I meant them with all my heart. I had no reservations. This was where I was meant to be. Gay, straight, bi; those were just words. It didn't matter. I loved him and he loved me. He stared up at the ceiling while he thought about his answer. "There was just something in the way you reacted when I would tease you. It was more than not wanting to be bothered, and I knew it wasn't bigotry. I don't know; call it what you like, but I just knew there was more going on. And when I kissed you that night, you responded so quickly and eagerly …" He smirked. "The cat was really out of the bag when you gave me that blowjob, though." We both laughed. I'd grown to love his smartass sense of humor, like so many other things I'd discovered about him. I'd made some important discoveries about myself, too. I almost let him slip through my fingers because of my reluctance to accept that my life might be taking a turn I'd never expected. I couldn't imagine the hollow life I'd be living if I'd turned my back on him and refused to see what was right in front of me. I burrowed into his warm chest, thankful for that night in Chicago that opened my eyes and my heart to the amazing man in my arms. Thanks so much for reading. Please leave a review, I love reading them and appreciate every one. xo