look her in the eyes, "Seriously, one of the best orgasms ever" She lightly pecked my lips with her own, "I'm glad you liked it then". I chuckled softly and then I noticed she was still holding me in her arms. Feeling like my legs had finally regained strength I got off her lap but I still held her close in a loving embrace. Being in her arms made me feel safe, secure, I didn't ever want to let go of her so I spent every minute I could touching her. After a minute of silence, both of us just enjoying each other closeness, I involuntarily shivered from the cold. I didn't know exactly for how long we'd been standing in the water but I was beginning to notice the cold temperature. Rosalie immediately detangled herself from me, probably feeling responsible for my shivering because her skin was even colder than the water. I frowned at this, I didn't want our moment to come to an end but I also knew there was no way my Rose would allow me to stay inside the sea if I was cold. "But Rose, it's your turn now. I want to make you feel good too" I pouted but from the expression on her face I already knew arguing was pointless. "Don't worry about me, Bells. I can wait until later. Let's just get you out of the water, I don't want you to catch something because of me" I nodded and silently made my way back to the beach with her by my side. "Thanks" I muttered when she kindly handed me a towel. I quickly dried up most of the water on my body and once I was finished I put it on the sand to lay down on it. I closed my eyes and tilted my head up. I was completely relaxed just laying there, enjoying the feeling of the rays of the sun warming my skin. There was only one thing missing. After a minute or so of complete silence I began to wonder what Rosalie was doing. I had expected her to join me on the sand to cuddle for a little bit but I didn't hear her move at all. Okay that she was a vampire and so incredibly graceful and stealthy but I think I would have noticed her sitting down next to me. With that thought in mind I sat up and cracked my eyes open to look for my girlfriend. I immediately noticed her standing a few feet from me in all of her glory. With my gaze I slowly traced her body from head to toe and once again I was taken aback by her beauty. Her long, wet locks perfectly framed her stunning face, enhancing her traits as they cascaded down her delicate shoulders. My eyes lingered on her face for several moments. I could never get tired of looking at her, she was gorgeous in each and every way. Sometimes I wondered if this was how Aphrodite herself would look like, I wished I could have seen her as a human to see how much the transformation had changed her. I had no doubt she had always been beautiful but I was curious. Maybe she still had a picture of her human self stored somewhere but I didn't want to bring up the topic of her previous life, I knew she didn't like to talk about it. After quite some time I reluctantly moved my eyes further down her body and as usual I wasn't disappointed with what I found. Her perfect white skin was sparkling under the rays of the sun, only her small bikini was keeping the whole sight of her from me. I looked back up at her and my brown eyes locked with her gold ones. Had she been staring at me this whole time? I immediately blushed and opened my mouth to tell her how gorgeous she was. "You're so beautiful, Bella" she approached me and kneeled on the sand. "What?" she was the only one who had the power to make me feel butterfly in my stomach, "Rose, you are probably the most good looking woman in the world" She smiled a warm smile and caressed my cheek while looking lovingly into my eyes, "I'm glad you think so, but my existence would mean nothing without you in it. I was only an empty shell before you came along, you brought happiness in my life. Tears gathered in my eyes like they did every time she talked to me like this. I was so in love with her, I couldn't stand the thought of ever being separated from her. Sometimes it scared me how she could easily break my heart if she wanted to but then I thought about everything she does for me and I realize I have nothing to fear, I trusted her wholeheartedly. "Oh Rose, I love you" I jumped on her lap, surprisingly taking her by surprise, and we both fell back on the sand with me on top of her. She chuckled as her hand reached up to place behind my ear a strand of hair that had fallen in front of my face, "I love you too". I leaned forward to lay a feather like kiss on her ice cold lips. Even though we'd been dating for two years now, I still felt lucky I was the only person who got to kiss her like this and call her my girlfriend. She could have had literally every man or woman in the world and yet she picked me. I often wondered what was it I did to deserve such a wonderful creature but then I looked into her love-filled eyes and I forgot all about my doubts. She was mine and I was hers and nobody could ever break us apart. A/N: Here it is, I hope you enjoyed! Please, let me know what you think! See you soon!