you be at school?" I asked him. "There's a thing going on at the reservation, school was cancelled. What about you shouldn't you be hanging out with the pale faces?" Jacob said with a joking smile. I gave a real smile for the first time today. "I just had to get away today, it's a complicated story" I said looking out at the ocean. "Well I got time" Jacob said sitting on the log I was just sitting on. I joined him on the log and sighed. I pulled out the folded photo and opened it. I looked down at it for a moment before handing it to him. "That's Luka and me" I explained as he stared down at it confused. "Wow, that's Luka? I remember when he would come visit with you, we all had some fun times didn't we?" Jacob said looking at the photo. I smiled as memories filled my mind. One memory, though, stuck out, Bella and I were about six and all four of us were at Jacob's house and we were making a house of cards with a couple of Jacob's friends. I'm not sure why that was the memory that stuck out, there wasn't anything special about it. I sighed, "yeah we did" I said, my voice cracking slightly and the tears came back to my eyes. "Hey what's wrong? Why did you show me this?" Jacob asked. I looked into his brown eyes full of care. "A year ago today Luka and I were in an accident, he didn't make it" I said turning my attention to the sand beneath us. "Oh my god, Malia, I didn't know. I mean Charlie had mentioned a death in the family last year, but I had no idea it was Luka" Jacob rambled. We talked for a little while longer before I left. I drove back to Charlie's house in silence thinking about Luka. When I reached the house I went in and headed straight toward my room. "Hey Malia, you weren't in school today" Bella said as I passed her room . "Yeah, I just had to get away for a little while" I said leaning against her door frame. "I understand. I got your homework for you" she said handing me some papers. "Thanks" was all I said before I walked away. The next morning I woke up to a crashing noise from the kitchen. I quickly ran down stairs in supernatural speed. "What happened?" I asked in the doorway of the kitchen. Bella jumped at the sound of my voice. "What? Oh, I just dropped a mug" Bella said kneeling to pick up the shards of the mug. "Bella, you cut your leg" I said walking toward her. "Oh my god, I'm so sorry. I should-" I quickly cut Bella off of her rambling. "Bella, it's okay, it's just a small cut" I said. I walked to the bathroom and got Bella the items she would need to fix her cut. Once Bella was situated I went back up stairs and showered and got ready as usual. I changed into a black scoop neck black t-shirt, black skinny jeans, gray Van sneakers, and a jean jacket. I walked down stairs and joined Bella is her truck. "So, tomorrow's your birthday, anything special you want?" I asked knowing she hated making a fuss about her birthday. "I really don't want anything" Bella said, "Promise me you won't get me anything" Bella whined. "Sorry, I don't make promises I can't keep" I said putting my hands up in defense. "Melia!" Bella called after me as I ran off into the school. What to get Bella, I thought to myself as I gabbed my books out of my locker. I thought about what to get her for the rest of the dreadfully long day of school. When it was finally over I rode back to the house with Bella , who spent the whole time telling me not to get her a gift because she didn't want me to spend my money. Once I settled into the couch with pile of movies to watch I heard a car pull up to the house. The scent hit my nose immediately and I knew it was Edward. "Hey, I'm going over to Edward's house. Are you going to be alright alone?" Bella asked after almost stumbling down the stairs. "Honestly I think I would be safer with you out of the house" I said with a smile, "and besides I got a list of movies to keep me company" I said as she headed out the door. I listened as the car drove off and when I knew she was long gone I quickly got off the couch. I walked into the kitchen and found Bella's car keys on the dining table. I smiled to myself as I grabbed them and headed to the truck. I drove over to a place called Port Angeles that I had found last night when I was searching online what to get Bella. When I got there I parked and walked down the street. I looked in the windows of the shops trying to find a descent present. I knew she wouldn't want anything big or flashy so I stopped at wood carving shop. I roamed round looking at the various statues made of different types of wood. I stopped when I found a small figure of a wolf. It was sitting with it's head pointed up howling. I smiled to myself as I picked it up to inspect it further. This is perfect, I thought to myself. I bought the wooden wolf and headed home. When I got back I changed into some black and red flannel pajama pants and a black tank top. I resumed my place on the couch and continued my movies. I eventually fell asleep on the old couch. Thank you for reading! I hope you enjoyed! chapter 2 will the beginning of New Moon.