It was then she felt him, hard and demanding, lying over the waistband of her skirt, nothing covering it. She moved her hand down, cupping his length and loving how he hissed as if he was in pain. "Bella," he gritted out as her hand started moving up and down, messaging him from base to tip. "Yes, Edward?" She asked coyly as if this had no effect on her. His eyes opened to see her smirk, and that instantly set him off. She watched his eyes darken, his grip on her hair tightened as she moaned. "You, like it," he mused, desperately wanting to drop her to her knees so she could put her mouth on him. "Yeah, I like it a bit rough, sometimes." She laughed. "I am not going to break." She liked the reactions she caused in him. He was so pent up, so closed off from the world that she wondered what it would be like when he lost control. She wanted his loss of control to happen with her. "You really shouldn't have said that," he snarled before he pulled her mouth to his mouth. His kiss was punishing and long overdue, Jessica's words lingered in his head. "I want to fuck you." "What are you waiting for?" Bella grinned, challenging him. That was all it took for him to lose his control. He kissed her hard, holding her in place as his other hand moved to pull down her tank. He twisted and pulled at her nipple, enjoying her gasps before cupping her full breast in his hand. She kept a firm hold on him as she pumped and rubbed his shaft. Edward moved his hand from her shirt and pulled at her skirt, moving it over her hips and bit back a laugh as she shimmied out of the fabric. She was just as eager as he was. Bella grinned, liking the way Edward's smile brightened his face. She wanted to see more of that smile, seeing the way his body reacted to hers was invigorating. The dominating way he was with her made her skin breakout in goosebumps and her heart beat out of her chest. She could only imagine the sex. "Where?" Edward huffed, his fingers found the delicate space between her legs, and stroked its warmth. He made it hard to concentrate. Her knees gave out and she sank to the floor; he followed her there. "Mr. Cullen!" She gasped, and he grinned, shaking his head as his fingers continued to work her body. He liked her calling him that, but he also wanted her hear his name on her lips. "Edward. You can call me Mr. Cullen when I fuck you at work." Bella groaned, her body undulated. She could see it, him fucking her in his office, against the glass, on the couch, over the desk. "You like that idea, don't you?" He grinned. He pulled his fingers out of her and put them in his mouth to taste her essence. She groaned, watching, as she nodded her head. "Say it," he bit out, moving over her body. His cock was in his hand, holding himself at her entrance. "I want you, Edward, here and at work and everywhere else." "Yes," He sighed, letting the words sink in, "I want you, too." He pushed into her, their bodies joined as they watched each other. His eyes never left hers and they both knew this was more than just fun and fucking. It was more than just this moment and more than just sex. It was as if there was an understanding. One soul understanding another and melding together. No turning back. Bella's hands moved from his shoulders and onto his ass, pushing him to move. She wanted to feel him deep inside of her more than anything else, anyone else, ever. "Edward," Bella gasped out as he started the push and pull, the give and take of their union. Her body moving as he his did. He didn't stop; he took her roughly on the floor of the studio. Her body, his to overpower and to pleasure, took him greedlily. She cried out, her body, recoiling with the convulsions of her orgasm. It set him off, as he let the euphoria engulf him. Both lay panting and sore in the fragrant room. Her body, flush from his use, tingled. "That was fun," she giggled, her hands moved over his chest to lie over his beating heart. She loved how it raced for her. "I can't wait to do it again," He exclaimed. "Yes." She agreed, "And often." Edward barked out a laugh, pulling her to him. He wasn't going to let Carlisle's words into his mind any more, not now or ever again. This was his life. He was going to live it. "What are you worrying about, Edward?" Edward moved to look at Bella's face. She was serious and watching him intently. "Who I want to be when I grow up," "Well, I don't know about you, but I still need the day job." Bella laughed. "I think we should stay there." "Why, though?" "Think of all the places we can have sex there!" She giggled. Edward smiled, he even laughed, but it didn't reach his eyes and Bella began to worry she had said something wrong. "I don't want just sex," he sighed. Bella smiled, curling closer into his side and ignoring the sheen of sweat their closeness was creating. "Good. Neither do I." she beamed, kissing him softly. "You can take me to stuffy restaurants and I can take you on retreats. It'll be fun." "I can't wait to introduce you to my parents." He chuckled. "Why?" "You're my soul tornado, my Springsteen." He chuckled darkly. "They won't even know what hit them." The second time he moved over Bella and sheathed himself inside her; he watched her eyes as he moved and she watched his… whatever had started that night left them forever altered.