us. I turn around and look at him, he looks like a miniature version of our dad. "Welcome," says Jonathan. "Also, just because we're here, I decided to announce the roles everyone got in the play." A list of names show up on the wall behind him. "James McFarlan got the role of Tevye, Ellie Salvini got the role of Golde, Ivie Socrates will be Tzeitel, Aurora Kingsley got the role of Hodel, Nellis is Chava, Sarah O'Riley is Shprintze, and Claire Bunson is Bielke." A cheer rises from the crowd. "Alright now, there are more parts," he smiles. "For the love interests, Sullivan Greg as Motel, Oliver Darcy as Perchik, and Sam Clain as Fyedka. The rest of the rolls will be posted on the bulletin board outside of the cafeteria. Have a good Friday, everyone!" The room erupts into conversation and everybody stands up. I turn around and catch Tony's sleeve before he can leave. He turns around, looking confused. I smile and pull him down to the dorm wing, where there are less people. "Glad to see you got here safely," I say. "Yeah, happy to be here," he says, giving me an odd look. "It's me," I say, cringing at the stereotypical saying, "Aurora." "Wow, Aurora! I didn't even recognise you!" he laughs. "I recognised you," I say, smiling, "not only did Johnathan get you to stand, but you look just like dad!" "Maybe when you and mom left," he grimaces. "He fell apart after the divorce." "Oh," I say, "I'm sorry." "It's not your fault," he smiles, sadly. "How's mom?" I ask. "She's doing good," he says, "just worried about dad." "Well, I'm glad you're here," I say, hugging him. "I missed you." "Ditto, Aura," he say, using his little nickname for me. I hug him for a second longer, then pull away. I see Brad frozen down the hall a little bit. "Brad!" I yell. He looks my way and breaks into a smile. "What's up, California?" he says, walking towards us. "Nothing much," I smile. "This is my brother, Tony." "Hey Tony," Brad smiles, "you have quite the socially uneducated sister." "What?" Tony asks, looking confused. "I mean," Brad says, smile getting larger, "that I was the one who had to introduce her to Jaws and Forrest Gump ! I'm pretty sure making sure you sister sees those movies is in the older brother handbook." "How would you know?" I ask, poking him in the shoulder. "Three little sisters," he says, holding up three fingers. "If not for me, they would never have seen them!" "Oh and how you saved their lives," I say, dramatically. "Exactly!" Brad says, wrapping an arm around me and squeezing me to his side. "You understand! Congrats on Hodel! That's what you tried out for, right?" "Yeah," I smile, relaxing more into his side. "Well," Tony says, giving me and Brad a strange look, "I guess I could take over her education now." "Aww," Brad mock pouts, "I was enjoying myself." "Shut up," I laugh, pushing him away from me. "Aurora?" says a voice behind me. I whirl around, in the process of doing so, hitting Brad with my hair. Approaching me is a very attractive student. He is wearing all black, all except for his red wrist band around his wrist. "Hi," I say, startled that this piece of heaven is talking to me. "I'm Oliver," he says. "I'm playing Perchik." "Oh," I say, finally understanding why he's talking to me. "Well, it's nice to meet you, Oliver." "Likewise," he smiles. "Well, I just wanted to introduce myself. I believe that we are officially partners in this production." "That's good to know," I smile back. "I'm glad I got to meet you. I'll see you tomorrow at rehearsal." "See you tomorrow," he smiles, and walks off. "He's odd," Brad says, as he turns the corner. "Be nice," I say, slapping him on the shoulder. "I'm just saying, he came up to you after the assembly to meet you. He'll just see you tomorrow." "Well, I think it was kind of him," I say, walking away from him. "Where are you going?" Brad asks, catching up with me. "I"m going back to my room," I smile. I turn to Tony. "Hey, I'll see you later, okay?" "Alright," he smiles, hugging me. I head my way to the girls floor while Tony and Brad go the other way. When I get to my room, I walk to my bed and fall face first into the comforter. "What's pressing your buttons right now?" Aubrey laughs. "I met Oliver," I sigh. "I don't think Brad likes him." "Interesting," she says. "Can I snoop?" "About Brad or Oliver?" "About Brad and Oliver." "I suggest you pick one." "Okay then, I pick Oliver," she giggles. "He seems like the dark and moody type." "If that's so, dark and moody just walked up to me to say hello," I giggle. "Are you excited to work with him tomorrow?" she asks. "Have you seen him? He's like 95% supermodel," I exclaim. "What's the other 5%?" she asks. "Inner turmoil," I giggle. "Grace," Aubrey says in a voice imitating that of the actors in the Supernatural War movies, "I don't want to tell you this. It could be dangerous. But I'm… a seriously depressed teen with no life." "But Leo," I cry, perfecting the actress' whiny voice. "I don't care about any of that! But I know you're a vampire!" "Actually I'm just a pale 100 year old who still lives with his parents." "Oh god, I can't even any more," I laugh. "Those movies were horrible." "They were nothing like the books," Aubrey spits. "I never read the books," I admit. "How dare you!" Aubrey laughs, jumping onto my bed beside me. "I insist you read them or I can no longer be your friend." "How horrible would that be," I say. "Exactly," she smiles. "Now, rest up, we can't have a tired Hodel tomorrow."