her insistent removal of my shirt and her short, sharp gasps every time I ground myself into her. We stayed there, uncomfortably lying on the stairs, until I couldn't take it any longer. I pushed myself up, pretending not to notice her hungrily eyeing the erection trying to fight its way out of my pants, and lifted her bodily from the stairs, throwing her over my shoulder. "What the hell are you doing?" She yelped, "put me down!" "Really?" I opened the door to my apartment and carried her in, taking the opportunity to ogle her ass, barely covered by her hitched up dress and rearranged navy panties. "No," she breathed. Heading directly for the bedroom, not overly concerned about the state I'd left the place in when I left this afternoon; sheets ruffled and old coffee cups on every surface, I placed her gently on the bed, her wet hair spread out around her, large eyes peering up at me, dress barely still in place. "What now?" "What do you think?" I laughed, kneeling between her legs and popping another button open on her dress. Then another and another, "I've been waiting for this for ten years, I'm not going to wait any longer." She said nothing, just let me rip the dress away from her, finally. She was perfect, navy blue against pale skin, the vision I'd only imagined for years making me impossibly harder. As I took in the sights she palmed me through the tight denim of my jeans, sighing at the uncontrollable twitch of my cock, straining towards her. "Bella…" I groaned and she took the hint, deftly flicking open the fly and pushing the pants down my legs, looking me dead in the eye the whole time. The part of me that just wanted to be inside her fought with the part that wanted to make this last, savour every moment, appreciate every inch of her skin. The brain won out, just, and I bent down to place a mouth on her breast, nudging the cup of her bra to one side and swirling a tongue over a taut nipple, taking it between my teeth and gently biting down, moving to the other breast and repeating the action until she was gasping, her breath ragged, chest heaving. I traced a tongue down, as slowly as I could bear, tasting her skin until I reached the barrier of her panties. I'm not sure if it was she or I that got rid of them but they were gone in a second and I was gently running a tongue across her centre, already dripping with want, becoming wetter as I dipped inside. "You taste amazing," I mumbled, going back for more, pressing a tongue against her clit, causing her hips to buck. I carried on, flicking my tongue against her and gently easing two fingers inside, moving them back and forth, curling them to find just the right spot. Faster. "Oh God, oh God…" she chanted, "I'm going to...Edward…" She pulsed around my fingers, loudly whimpering as she came, her body convulsing until the orgasm subsided and she went completely still, her breath slowing. "I'm not done with you," I whispered, climbing back up her body, leaning across to the nightstand to retrieve the condom I, with uncharacteristic grace, tore open and rolled on, kneeling in front of her, enjoying her eyes raking over my body appreciatively. Taking my weight on my arms I gently rubbed my cock against her, letting it slip through the wetness, sliding against her still sensitive clitoris, enjoying her writhing beneath me, trying to ease me inside. I took the hint, sucking my breath in through my teeth as I pushed into her, feeling her tightness around me, fighting the urge to pump my hips, instead lazily easing in and out, one hand tracing her nipple, looking her in the eye as she stared back at me, her eyes barely open, her lips swollen and red. As the sensation became too much and both of us neared release I pulled out, kneeling again and giving her a wicked grin, "too slow." Her eyes widened in something like surprise and giving her a wicked grin I grabbed her, lifting her easily with one arm and flipping her over, placing her on all fours, I stroked a hand across her ass, up her back to her neck and down before I entered her for a second time feeling the warmth and wetness of her all over again, just as perfect but this time tighter, deeper. I began to move, pumping in and out, reaching around to find that hard little swollen mound, rubbing a fingertip across it. She pushed back into me, forcing me deeper and I moved faster, forgetting myself, roughly rubbing with my finger while I pounded into her, feeling myself nearing the edge, her gasps and near-screams driving me on. And then, as I felt her tighten around my cock, heard her pull her breath in, felt her shaking beneath me I came, cursing, slamming myself into her one final time. We fell into each other, tangled in the sheets and searching for our breath. I don't think either one of us said anything for hours. We just laid there, slumped across each other, neither of us with anything to add. Eventually I rolled over to kiss her but she was already asleep. ********** I awoke the next morning to find her standing over me, already dressed. The sun was streaming in through the window, illuminating her from behind. "I tried not to wake you." "S'ok," I yawned, although it kind of wasn't. Being a musician wasn't consistent with early starts, "what time's it?" "Early. I have to go get changed before work." She was a state in her crumpled dress and knotted up hair, dark shadows under her eyes. "Will you call me?" She asked ducking her head, blushing. "Maybe." Bella Swan smiled a last time, turned and left.