She'd just gotten up and left, her drink still half full, and her expression still glum. It was ironic how Bella hoped she'd see the girl again, because it was her innate curiosity that made her a good bartender, while the part of her that wasn't a bartender, really hoped she wouldn't ever see her again. At least not here and alone like she had been tonight. Mr Wallace was still tucked away in his booth, and was still slowly becoming more intoxicated as the night wore on. It was only nine o'clock, and that was just the way it was. Mr Grabby-Hands had been incoherent by seven. Speaking of, at about quarter to eight, he had surprisingly woken from his stupor and played a solo game of pool for a whole hour, before ordering another beer, and then promptly passing out again. Jake had looked as though he wanted to push the guy out the door, but Bella had shaken her head. Why disturb a man who wasn't disturbing anyone else in that state? As long as the guy wasn't dead from alcohol poisoning or trying to grab a handful, which he wasn't, they didn't have a problem, Mr Grabby-Hands and her. Bella knew from routine that Edward would stay like he was for the rest of the night. She was now so bored, Bella wondered if crying might be more exciting. The only thing that kept her from doing nothing at all was the endlessly sticky bar top, and both Mrs Farley and Mr Wallace continued ordering of drinks. There was a gush of cold air and the familiar sound of an unsteady gait. She turned to the door and smiled. "Mike, hey." The boyish face smiled, "Hey Bells how's the night?" She waited for him to sit himself down on a stool and said, "Slow." Mike looked over to Edward and nodded in greeting, "Edward, fancy seeing you here." Bella shook her head exasperated, and Edward almost smiled. "I know, 'ight?" Mike snorted and looked back at Bella, "Can I get a beer? Any'll do." She raised a brow, "You take your meds today?" He glared half-heartedly, "I took two this morning, but no, I haven't had any in the last eight hours, so can I please get a beer, Mom?" Mike had hurt his knee in a basketball game three months ago, and was still healing. He'd never walk without a limp again, and he was always in pain. The medication helped with that, but he wasn't allowed to mix them with alcohol, as expected. Bella huffed, and got him a beer, without even looking at what type. "Aw, c'mon Bells, light, really?" "How'd you get here?" "Jess drove me." "Fine, how're you gettin' back?" "Taxi with my friend here," he said, jerking a thumb at Edward. Bella swapped in his light beer for a regular. "Happy?" He smiled, "Always." "So how's Jess?" He nodded, and drank. He placed the drink down again and said, "She's good, her journalism class is killing her, though. Her words not mine." Bella had, weirdly enough, never met Jess. She knew how old the girl was, where she worked, and what she was doing in college. Mike's favourite conversation topic was how he'd met Jess in high school and fallen in love. He talked of how they'd moved to New York so that Jess could go to NYU. She was in her third year, and had 3 months to go before she turned twenty-one, which was why Bella had never met her before. This was Mike's way of coping. He didn't get really drunk, only had a couple of beers, three at most. He dealt with his tattered basketball career by talking about everything good in his life, while drinking a few beers and making friends with the bartender, and the 'bouncer', and Saturday nights regular. An Hour and a half later "You ready to go, Man?" Edward nodded, and let Mike help him up from the stool. Bella got on the other side of him and took on some of Edward's weight. The air outside was freezing, as it was almost December, and the weather man this morning had told everyone that there'd be snow. The taxi was already waiting at the curb, as Bella had called one up not long after Mike had walked in an hour and a half ago. Mike got the door, and they both pushed Edward in, and a disgruntled grunt came from the man as he tried to rearrange himself on the leather seat. Bella leant into the car a little, "You good?" He looked at her and nodded his lips quirking just a tad. Enough to tell that he wanted to smile, but couldn't quite get one to work. Bella smiled, a fully functioning smile, "Goodnight, Edward. Mike, you'll make sure he gets home, yeah?" Mike rolled his eyes from where he sat next to Edward, "Yes Bella, what kinda person do you take me for? I'll walk him to the door an' kiss him goodnight and everything." "Funny. Just, make sure he locks his door too, and that he doesn't pass out while he's still in the hall-" "Okay, okay, tuck him in, give him a glass of water and the likes, got it. Jesus, go back inside woman, before you freeze, and look, you're annoying taxi guy, he wants to go, don't ya dude?" The driver muttered something in a foreign language, and Mike looked back at Bella, enough light on his face for Bella to see the smirk, "See? Annoying, now go, he'll be fine." She huffed, "Fine," and began to close the door. Right as it was about to click shut, she heard a "Thank you, Bella." And couldn't resist opening the door again to quickly mutter a, "Your welcome," as Mike whispered, "Jesus Christ, man, seriously." I had this whole 'end note' written out but I can't be bothered writing it again. This'll do. Thanks for reading.