time being. She has never even met Jacob. You're closest thing she's got to a best friend, Edward." Emmett stated. "You're closer to her than Rose is. And believe me; Rosie has tried to make Bella see the light." Edward sighed, knowing that the guys were right. He just did not want to admit that they were. The truth was that Bella was also his best friend. She was the only person who truly kept him sane. She knew who he was and who he wasn't. And in turn, he knew the same exact things about her. He did love Bella; he just did not know how he loved Bella. "I'll see what I can do, but Emmett, you're her brother. You know just as well as I do how stubborn she can be. I tried earlier today to warn her, but do you know where she is now? Out with him ." Edward grumbled. "How is that not considered cheating?" Jasper chuckled. "We. Are. Not. Together!" Edward insisted and chugged down his beer, praying that Bella would walk through the door to save him from the torment he was going through. "So, how are Rosalie and the little one?" Jasper asked, turning the conversation onto Emmett. . . . Bella giggled as Jacob kissed her cheek, then her nose, and then her lips. "I'm so proud of you." Jacob said and kissed her again. Bella shook her head. "It's really not that big of a deal, Jake." "Yes, it is, Bella. If it wasn't, we would be celebrating." He said. They were walking along the street, just getting out of the restaurant after having a very filling meal. The couple held hands and leaned against each other as the window shopped down the busy street. "But, I do have another reason to be celebrating." Jacob admitted. "What's that?" Bella asked, looking up at her boyfriend. "I got promoted." "Really? Jake, that's great." Bella said and stopped, wrapping her arms around his neck. Jacob chuckled and pulled her onto the emptier side of the street. When she pulled away, Jacob pulled away from her and caressed her sweet face. "I have a question for you, beautiful." "What's that?" Bella asked, her heart beating faster than she would like it to. Jacob tilted his head to the side with a child-like smile. Bella thought back to what Edward and said. Is that smile of his too innocent? Bella pushed those thoughts away. Jacob would never hurt her. At the moment she pushed the thoughts out of her head, Jacob got down on one knee. "Isabella Marie Swan, will you marry me?" "I… um, yeah." Bella stuttered with a small smile. "I'm taking that as yes." Jacob laughed and slipped the ring on her finger. When he stood up, Bella jumped up and wrapped her arms around his neck and gave him a long kiss. "I love you." She said and kissed him again. "I can't wait to marry you." For the rest of the walk to Jacob's car, the two of them joke about wedding plans and try to come up with a date. Unfortunately, with Jacob's schedule, they didn't know when it would be a good time. Bella ignore the fact that Jacob had to make time for their wedding. It was quickly turning into the best day of her life, and she was pretty sure that nothing could ruin that for her. By the time the two of them reached the house, Jacob was begging Bella to spend the night. "I don't think that's a good idea, Jake." "Come on, Bell. I won't do anything you don't want me to do." He promised, still trying to get used to Bella's old-fashioned ways. Bella rolled her eyes. "It's not exactly you that I'm worried about." She said and sighed, looking at the front door. "Walk me inside?" Jacob nodded and unbuckled his seat belt. Bella got out of the car and waited for Jacob on her side of the car. He made his way around and grabbed her hand, slowly walking her down the pathway to the front door. He leaned down and gave her a kiss before opening the front door. Jacob followed Bella into the house and to the dining room where Jasper, Emmett, and Edward were playing poker. She walked behind him and pulled the cigarette from Edward's lips. "Not in house." Bella said as she crushed it in the ash tray. "I wish the three of you would quit this crap." Emmett and Jasper rolled their eyes but still stubbed out their own cigarettes in the ash tray. "So, how was your night, baby sis?" Emmett asked, looking at Jacob with scrutinizing eyes. "It was great." Bella said and leaned into Jacob. "I actually have some news for all of you." Edward saw her beaming face and wanted groan. He had a feeling he knew which words were about to flit from her mouth. "We're engaged!" Bella squealed and shoved the ring in towards them. The guys' eyes widened. The ring was huge. It looked like a lot more than three carats. In the light of the dining room, the glitter reflecting off of the ring practically blinded them. "You're what?" The three guys all shouted at the same time. What did I say? Bella thought innocently as she studied all four of the most important men in her life. Shock, shock, fear, pure rage. "Emmett, what's wrong?" Before the question was out of Bella's mouth, her older brother hurdled the dining room table and lunged at Jacob. A/N: So, tell me what you think! Leave a little review. And also check out Deafening Darlings (shout-out to PercyJacksonFan1997 for the title). But, if you haven't read Silent Sweetheart, read that first. Anyway… I now have a Polyvore which will have all of their outfits. The attire for this chapter is already up. Here is the link: Don't forget to leave a review, my lovelies! - Layn