the sex from the night before. She couldn't see her lover then, but now she knew it was this man before her. The leprechaun. He grinned, pulling her down onto the bed. His tongue traced her neck along the thrumming vein, as he tore at her clothes. She flushed, her body screaming with need as she thumbed for the fasteners on his pants, and yanked them down, seeing his thickness bounding upward for her, ready. But then she stopped. "I can't." She moved backward and away as he froze in place, a low rumbling growl filling the room. "Why?" he bit out. "You..." she gasped, feeling his hand cupping her sex before he pushed his fingers deep within her, "you- oh! You never told me your name!" He moved forward, his cock rubbing at her stomach in incredible yet superficial jabs and digs, as he tried to rut her. "Why? Do you want to scream it?" Bella trembled as he opened her legs wider. "Maybe," "You didn't seem to need my name last night." He snarled, pushing his fingers deeper as the head of his cock hit her clit. "You didn't seem to want to be seen last night," She countered haughtily, closing her eyes as her body tensed. She knew any minute his fingers would withdraw and his cock would replace them. He seemed to like her wanton and begging for it. The man chuckled again and pulled out his fingers as he ghosted them over her stomach. He seemed to be tracing something there, but when she lifted her head to see, there wasn't anything visible. He pushed forward, his body fusing with hers as she felt the tingling feeling of her orgasm just on the brink. His thrusting was hard and he withdrew slowly over and over again as his hands moved up to her breasts. Cupping them before he pulled at her nipples, he took what he wanted from her, without giving her what she wanted. She grunted, frustrated, and tried to move her hands to push and pull on him, but he was faster. He pulled at her hands and bound them above her head, without any visible bindings. The same way he did the night before. "Tell me," she crooned, her eyes tightly shut as he started to fuck her hard. His body thrashed over her as one hand lifted and kneaded her ass. He moved his other hand from her breast and pinched and pulled at her clit. Her body disobeying her will as she felt herself fall apart around him. She cried out, head thrown back and spine stiffening as she pulsed around him. "Edward," He bit out as he punished her with his body. He was unrelenting even as she was coming, knowing that she was about to come again. "Oh! Edward!" She cried out, her body stiffening again, and he wanted to taste the orgasm in her blood. Slowing his hips slightly, he moved forward and rooted around her neck. She turned her head and placed a soft kiss to his mouth, shocking him. He stilled, watching her warily as she continued to kiss him. She teased his lips with her tongue and he scrutinized her. She closed eyes as she kissed him, deeply before he relented and started to kiss her back. He closed his eyes as he opened his mouth to her. His tongue tentatively met hers and then they continued to caress each other. His hips continued thrusting into her slowly, enjoying her appreciative moans before he began to pick up his speed. This woman was going to take from him what no other had been given. Edward panted into her mouth, choking on his own breath as he felt the tingling feeling of his impending orgasm. He moved his tongue deeply into her mouth as she stiffened. He released the magical bindings that held her and her arms draped around him, rubbing up and down his back as her body thrummed in appreciation. "Come for me, Edward," She said softly, her body spent. He grabbed the woman before him, clutching her tightly as he continued the unrelenting punishment to her body. Bella cried out as his teeth sunk into her neck, claiming her again as he took from her greedily. He came inside of her, the feeling searing hot and insanely intense. She cried out, never feeling anything like as she tried to push at him. He could feel her anxiety and moved over her, locking her into place. His body pushed deeper several more times before he ceased his movements, lying heavily on top of her. He gasped, trying to catch his breath before he looked down to see the quiet beauty underneath him, sound asleep. Reluctantly, he pulled himself out from within her and shuddered. Edward could only watch her as her pale body from blood loss became flush again. With the blood he took and his essence that he gave to her in exchange would quickly revive her. He smiled as pulled her more closely to him, shielding her from the cold of night. It wasn't certain how things would work out between them, but he had clearly took her and claimed as his which was something that he had sworn never to do again. Jasper hadn't even done the same with Alice, fearing she would become like Maria. He enjoyed the playthings they shared at the castle, knowing that would end once he bit Alice. Edward also enjoyed how pliant Bella seemed to be, willing to have him this night and the one before. He couldn't wait for her to wake so he could take her again and again in the little cottage. This is where he would keep her until they could move back into the castle once everyone left. He grinned, knowing he would make each of her wishes come true. But, as the saying goes, be careful what you wish for. He still had yet to make his wish.