I'd had a good night – as good as nights can really get in La Push – but was looking forward to a lie in and some College prep tomorrow by way of shopping in Port Angeles. I closed my eyes as I walked down the road towards the turn off to my mum's driveway, feeling that agitation that had lingered with me all evening start to dissipate. My mum lived in the house that we used to share with my father before he left. It's driveway ran off one of the main residential lanes but was a spanned a good mile before reaching the house, which was in an open field. My mother – Anna – had taken to gardening after my father left. She'd planted all kinds of flowers that seemed to blossom constantly, despite the near-constant rainfall on the Res. It was a way for her to find beauty in an otherwise dreary and sad place. I made my way down the drive, my pace leisurely, as I listened to the sounds of the night. An owl hooted in the distance as the wind rustled the trees, a pleasant and peaceful sound. I'd always liked that peaceful quiet that enveloped our small little part of the world once the lights went out. And then, as I took a deep breath in appreciate of the night, a piercing scream shattered the calmness around me. My eyes flew open as I searched around me for the source of the sound but saw nothing but darkness. When I heard the noise again, I registered what was the unmistakable sound of my mother and took off at a dead sprint for the house. All of the lights were out except for the kitchen and I heard the sound of things flying around as I pushed myself faster and faster. What would cause my mother to scream that way? Who was it? My heart was racing in my chest as I picked up speed, running faster than I'd ever run before. My senses suddenly became hyper-aware, my eyes seeing with more detail and clarity than I had ever thought possible. Mom. That was all I could think, the word repeating in my head like a chant as I burst through the front door and into the kitchen. I heard a new sound, the sound of a strangled cry as I took in the scene before me. My mother lay on the tiles, a kitchen knife piercing her chest and blood pooled all around her torso. Her long, black hair was splayed about her head and chunks were laying in bloodied clumps on the floor bedside her. Her face was darkened with bruises, one eye swollen shut and her lips split many times and leaking crimson. As I registered the blank look in her only open eye, I realised that the strangled sound was coming from me as my mind registered that my mother was lying dead before me. I sank to my knees, the full weight of what I was seeing crashing down on me in huge waves of shock, disbelief and unbearable pain. I started to reach out to her hand, laying unnaturally beside her, when I heard a grunt. My eyes snapped up, registering the form of Joshua Uley, slumped over the doorframe with a bottle of rum in his left hand. My mind suddenly cleared completely, red colouring my vision. Him. Murderer. Drunk. Revenge. "The bitch had it com-" he slurred, before my hand around his throat cut him off mid-sentence. I'd moved so quickly, reaching the other side of the kitchen in less than a second. Coherent thought was lost; I was acting on pure instinct. I felt my eyes burn with a new clarity as I registered the look of panic, of fear, as it grew in the man's eyes. He was familiar to me in a way that I did not care to try and understand. He had killed the woman lying on the floor, he was the cause of this pain in my heart. I revelled in the feeling of power, of strength as I lifted him by his throat, a growl erupting from my throat and felt my body start to vibrate with pure energy. Fury so deeply buried rose in from the pit of my stomach and my growl turned to a snarl as I threw the man through the doorway and out into the openness of the backyard. Before he hit the ground, I leapt from a standstill and was on top of him, my fist connecting with his jaw and relishing the crunch as his jaw broke, crushed under the strength of my blow. I landed another to the other side of his face, the feel of his blood coating my hands and the copper scent spurring me further into my frenzy. He was frozen in shock and soon his wordless grunts died down until the only sound was that of my exertion as I landed fist after fist into his broken face. Revenge. Kill. Monster. Destroy. The mantra repeated in my mind as the snarls continued. My frame shook with fury and devastation and my newly attuned ears registered his heartbeat slow until it's final beat echoed with a whoosh. The animal within couldn't stop; the fury was too great. My bones began to ache with tremors in my body until I suddenly felt a searing pain down my spine and I exploded. I stood above the bloodied and tattered form of the man who had killed the woman who meant so much to my human. His human mind had receded, unable to process the pain and trauma of what he had seen and I – his spirit wolf – had emerged to strengthen and protect him. I looked down at the man once more, my claws having cut through his torso and mutilated his corpse, before pushing off my hind legs and disappearing into the depths of the woods.