in his gaze. "I will never leave you. I don't care about fate, or what the gods want from me. I only care about you. No matter where I go or where I am sent, I will always come back for you. Believe me?" She knew if anyone had enough fire in their spirit to defy the Norns and the gods themselves, it was her Edvard. She nodded. He would be strong and she would find her strength in him until she had some of her own. Their silent vows were sealed with a kiss under the moonlit sky with the ancient spirits as witness. They would step out on the dark path together and pray that it would lead them right. They had no desire for a life without the other, but they would have to fight many battles and sacrifice more than could be bared before they reached their goals. It was later, while back at the longhouse, that the first of the dark strands of their web revealed itself. Jarl Ari stood from his high wooden seat and motioned for silence. Immediately drums, harps, and fiddles were put away, the sound of laughter and drinking was cut out like the silence after a bolt of lightning. It was shattering and jarring in its absolute stillness. Jarl Ari had been elected leader and his word was law. Elísabet rose to her feet to see better. Her skin pricked at the surge of power that had swept down her spine. The winds of change had arrived, and they would blow everything were they willed. She was powerless to stop it and so was Edvard. "Edvard, son of Birger, Blessed by Odin." There was a smile behind the Jarl's wiry, black beard, but his eyes reminded Elísabet of the hawks. He was up to no good. It took every ounce of strength that she had spent years developing to keep from approaching as Edvard separated himself from the crowd and bowed in front of his lord. "It is time we advance your status." The Jarl spoke softly and motioned for Edvard to stand. Edvard was confused, but did as he was commanded. He had sworn an oath as a boy to follow Jarl Ari and he would not break it. He could not stop his eyes seeking out Elísabet, however. She stood out in the pure white cloak, and he felt his heart began to race. She was more beautiful than ever and he knew whatever his lord was about to ask of him would break her heart. "As you know, I have a daughter." The Jarl's voice rose in volume. His eyes did not wander from Edvard's face but it clear he was addressing the crowd as well. "Jóhanna, my only child and heir, has come of age and it's time to find her a husband. I asked her who she fancied, and her answer could not have pleased me more." It was apparent who she had picked. Jarl Ari had called him forward. Edvard would become Ari's son and heir. He would marry his daughter, produce his grandchildren, and perhaps even succeed him as Jarl. What was a dark thread in Elísabet's web was a golden one in Edvard's. She could think of no one more deserving. He would fulfill his duties and become great. Edvard could only stare in shock as Jóhanna—petite and blonde, nothing like his Bet—walked forward and the Jarl placed her hand in his. He couldn't turn him down, no matter how wrong Johanna's hand felt in his. Elisabet had been right, he couldn't fight his destiny. He looked back up to the cheering faces of his friends, family, and the rest of community. There were so many of them, but he only had eyes for one. Tears streamed down her face, but she was still beautiful, her head held high, and her lips forming a smile. Her heart was breaking, but she would be damned if she ruined everything for him. She had a strength greater than all the warriors he knew. He remembered the promise he had made to her just an hour ago to never leave her. Warmth spread through his chest, a warmth that could only come from her and the love they shared. His eyes pierced hers. He was not giving up on her. He would walk the path that the Norns placed before him, and she would too. They would never lose faith that those paths would intersect again. Edvard and Elísabet knew that they belonged together, and they would fight whatever battles needed to be fought to get there. Historical Notes Edvard is an icelandic version of the name Edward. Isabella is a spanish and italian translation of the name Elizabeth. Therefore I changed her name to the icelandic variant Elísabet. Aro has no proper translation so I opted instead for the old norse name Ari which means "eagle." Jane is an english name so I replaced it with the icelandic version Jóhanna. A jarl is a medieval Scandinavian chieftain or nobleman. Odin All-Father is the chief god of the norse pantheon. Freye is the goddess of love, fertility, and battle. Lofn is the goddess of forbidden love. Máni is a god. He rides in a cart and guides the moon around Midgard (the earth.) Thor is the son of Odin and one of the greatest warriors of Asgard (the realm of the gods.) The Valkyrie carry valiant slain warriors to Valhalla (norse version of heaven) to await the end of the world. According the Norse Mythology on the night a person is born the Norns, or the fates, weave their Web of Fate out of gold and dark string. The golden string is all the good things that happen in a person's life while the dark is everything bad. Both strings play a part in a person's destiny. Once the web has been weaved it cannot be broken. Even the gods have to follow their fates.