nipples, twisting, pulled and pinching, making her throw her head back and her cunt leak more. I chuckled, I could make her do whatever I wanted. Alice turned my head back to her, capturing my lips. Her tongue slipped into my mouth and twirled around mine. Rose twirled her tongue around my nipples and sucked on it lightly. Bella continued to kiss my neck. Three women all to myself, three beautiful, and sexually skilled women all to me. I was finally tired of the games I switched Alice and Rose's positions, putting Alice on top of me and Rose and Bella on both of my sides. Alice was the smallest of all three of them, now each one of their pussy's were very tight, but Alice's was the tightest because she was so petite. Easily enough she slid onto my cock, making both of us hiss. I had to hold her still, or else I would cum prematurely. Once she was settled on my cock I pulled Rose up to sit over my face. She knew what I wanted, so she balanced herself, pussy over mouth. I could feel her quivering, excited that I was about to give her a mind blowing orgasm. My hands motioned for Alice to start riding me, when she started I began to eat Rose's pussy. Both the girls started moaning wildly, bucking and thrashing on top of me. I had to wrap my arms around Rose's thighs to hold her pussy still so I could eat it properly. Alice was driving me crazy, she was going at a fast enough to make me feel the urge to shot my load into her and slow enough by just barely taking me to the edge. I would go mad soon if she didn't speed her thrusts. I let go of Rose and gripped Alice's thighs forcing her to take me deeper and get the message. She sped up, I could hear her gasping as she came to her own orgasm. I started thrusting my hips upwards to meet Alice's thrusts. Her moans and grunts became louder, I started growling into Rose's pussy. I would cum in a few moments. As soon as I came it was like a domino effect, Alice came then Rose. I moaned and then let Rose fall to my side. Alice fell on my chest. I kissed both their heads. "Oh my girls, you are amazing. Now I have one more girl I need to satisfy before we can all go to sleep." I turned onto my side and pulled Bella towards me. I gave her a hard slap on the ass then wrapped myself around her. She moaned into my mouth, our tongues wrestling. I sucked on her plump lips making them swell. Her hand stroked my face lovingly, always so sweet and caring. Her other hand felt it's way down to my cock, she eagerly stroked and rubbed it trying to rouse it again. Of course she got me going again. "I'm glad you still have enough energy for me." She said as I sucked her earlobe. "I'll always have enough energy for you, all of you my lovelys." I told her. I rolled over top of her, this time I wanted to have control over the thrusting. She opened her legs wide and I was met with her wet heat. I sat back, grabbed a hold of her legs and pushed her knees up into her chest. Then I rubbed my cock up and down her slit. With her legs being in this position she couldn't really wiggle like she usually does. Alice and Rose got on both sides of her and held her legs open. This way I could slide deeply inside of her. I slowly entered her, moaning the whole way. So tight. My hands went on both sides of her head as I thrusted, this way I could look into her eyes. She started to close them as I went faster, "Ah ah ah, keep your eyes open." I told her tsking. She opened them immediately and bit her lip to keep from closing her eyes. I started slamming myself harder into her. She started moaning wildly when Alice's thumb began to rub her clit furiously. She threw her head back and bit into her lip so hard she started to bleed. I licked her lip, cleaning the blood off of her mouth. She started making loud noises, indicating her impending orgasm. I sped up and chuckled, her face was so beautiful as she came. When her pussy tightened around my cock I threw my head back. My vision blurred as I came, my teeth were probably close to breaking as I shot my load into her. My thrusts slowed as I rode out my orgasm. Bella was shaking, her legs quivering. I kissed her face and then rolled off her. Rose and Alice both shared the task of cleaning my dick, I patted their heads in apperciation. We assumed our usual sleeping positions, Rose on my ride side, Bella on my left and Alice laying on my chest, since she was the smallest. I kissed each one of them good night. Then Rose and Bella blew out the candles that were lit on our bedside tables. "Mmm I love you my sweet, beautiful girls. My amazing wives." I said as we drifted off to sleep. "Good night Edward, love you." Rose said, kissing my lips. "Good night Edward love you to." Alice said kissing my lips. "Good night Edward love you." Bella said kissing my lips. "Good night my sweets, I love you all to my beautiful wives..." The poem in the story was by Elizabeth Bennet Brown, so props to her I just used it for Alice's poem. So what did you think? Three wives for Mr. Cullen. You know what they say, Behind every great man there is an even greater woman. Well when your a powerful man you need three powerful women.