Jake stood in place a second before he turned back to the window. When we were alone again, I let out the breath I hadn't realized I'd been holding. In my arms, Carlie was asleep. Normally I would have put her down in her crib, but right now I needed to hold her. It had been a long time since I thought about that day in the meadow, the day that had changed my life so much. It was a little past five when Charlie walked in from work. On the floor in the family room, Carlie and I were playing with her puzzles. She was chewing on one peg while I put the other pegs in their respective places. I heard my dad pulling his belt off and the soft thump as he put his gun up on a shelf in the foyer, just like he'd done when I was younger. He didn't join us until he'd changed into jeans and an old shirt. The second Carlie saw him, the peg dropped from her hand and she began to fuss as she reached for him. Charlie was quick to comply with her fussing, and when he lifted her above his head she laughed, kicking her legs out. "There's my beautiful granddaughter." He settled her against his chest joining me on the floor. Carlie sat on his lap already reaching for another puzzle peg. My dad was unusually quiet. "So, Billy said something?" He rubbed the back of his head with his free hand. "Just that Jake came in looking like he'd lost his best friend." That hurt, but in a way he was right. "We talked. I told him that Carlie comes before anyone else." The only information my dad was getting was what he just heard. It was funny. Since having my daughter, we had begun talking more. There were a lot of good things that had come from having Carlie, and as she smiled at me, I couldn't help but smile back. "Is some of it because of, well, because of the wolves?" His question didn't surprise me. When everything had happened with Carlie's birth, he was let in on their part of the secret. It was so he wouldn't freak out if he walked out back and found a huge wolf just within the tree line, and because of Sue. It was a day for changes, as I looked at my father. "Can I ask you a question?" "Shoot." "Why is Jake and I getting together so important to you? Why can't I just be a single mom?" I wanted to continue by telling him that Renee had practically raised me by herself, but also knew that would hurt him. Charlie hadn't chosen for her to leave, and he regretted the long lapse of time before I came to live with him when I was seventeen. While I waited for him to answer, Carlie reached for me. "Hi beautiful girl" She wanted to stand, so I held her up. My little girl was fifteen months old and didn't walk, or really talk. She fussed when she wanted us to do something for her, and that was a worry. Sue said it was due to her being born so early. I had been prepared for developmental delays, but this scared me. It was part of the reason I wanted Edward to come back. Carlisle might be able to shed some light on all of this, if he'd even seen a baby like my Carlie. Sue did the best she could, and I was glad she was a Midwife and could act as my daughter's doctor. The fact that Sue cared enough to help out was a relief. Then again, Carlie had a lot of the woman cooing over her, even Emily, when we were at Sue's house, loved to hold her. "I don't want to see you struggle." What my dad said caught me off guard, and I looked past Carlie to him. "One thing that had to be hard on your mom was that she did it all on her own. Yeah, I got you summers, sometimes, but she had you the rest of the time, and that couldn't have been easy. I don't know because she never would tell me." There was regret in the tone of his voice and I lifted Carlie to my shoulder while I scooted over to sit next to him. "She loved being my mom, and she never regretted anything. We went on a lot of trips when school was out. Mom was great because she never really grew up." Against my shoulder, Carlie snuggled down and I leaned into my dad as he put his arm around me. "You had to do a lot of the things she didn't though." "And having Jake wouldn't change me having to do the things Carlie needs me to? Yeah he could help clean the house, or put her to bed so I could get my homework done without any interruption, but you do a good job of that." Charlie huffed a little. "Things with Sue are getting serious. I may not always be here like I am now." His confession wasn't a surprise. "Then I'll be okay wherever we end up." "How did you grow up so fast?" Both of us glanced at Carlie as her head lifted and she began to struggle to be let go. He didn't need that answer. "I'll try and do better about all of this." "Dad, your doing really good now. Just trust me to do what is right for me and for my little girl." He nodded before we hugged. "Will you keep an eye on her while I go get dinner started?" Carlie was crawling toward the rocking horse that her Grandpa had gotten for her first Christmas just a few months ago. While he went to keep her company, I headed for the kitchen feeling stronger than I had in a long time.