fucking, I'm stuck." Those fucking Teletubbies are making life hard. The bell decides to ring and I sigh. Second period has already started, fucking fuckity shit! "Hold on." He somehow turns around and grabs my hands. He pulls and the metal digs into my skin. "This isn't going to work, ouch! Will you stop fucking pulling!" The force of his pulling makes his sweater come off. "Okay you can pull now." I suck in all my breath and try to talk without breathing. Damn, that's hard to do. He pulls and I'm finally inside. "Okay, I'll kick the vent down and I'll get out first. You're going to have to get out face down…" Fuck. "I lost your sweater. I think it fell into the toilet." I get that nutcracker, dog grin face. He almost laughs. "It's okay, but I put your phone in the pocket…" Shit. Well, at least Ms. Higginbotham can't call me. "Damn, can we take a break, life is making me tired." I put my head down and pray to the Teletubbies that I don't break this thing. "Isabella, it's okay." I don't want to look up because I'm crying. Fuck, I'm such a cry baby. Isabella, why are you crying? There is no reason to be crying. It's okay though, Isabella you can cry, and then keep going. This isn't the worst thing that can happen. I hide a sniffle with a cough. "Come on Isabella, it is okay. You'll be fine." Okay, he's already seen me naked; crying won't be that bad right? I look up and he lets go of one of my hands and rubs my cheek. Fuck, this is a movie! "Yea, I guess I will." I'm somewhat scared of the moment when we part ways and I'm all alone… Fuck. He looks at me and I feel like this is the point in the movie where that beautiful music comes on and he kisses me. Maybe I should kiss him, because at this point I'm just so glad he walked up on me touching my crotch. Well, I wouldn't be here, but I'd have also been alone, and even though it's raised my stress levels above where they should be, it was kind of fun… He shimmies forward until his face is mew inches away and I brace myself for a kiss. Oh god, fuck, I'm going to have my first kiss in an air vent. Oh shit, this is going to be quite the tale; I can imagine it now, telling my kids about my first kiss. Okay, well this isn't my first kiss, but my first kiss at this new school. My first kiss was in middle school, and it was with a girl, but that's not the point. "If I kiss you will you be okay?" He grabs my face with both hands and stares at my lips. I'm so glad I remembered to brush my teeth this morning! Fuck! It's going to happen. "Yes." I might as well just say, yes, can you just fucking kiss me already; I've been waiting all day, why do you think I let you see me naked? Okay, that's not true, but the way I said yes, it might as well be true. I'm not exactly sure how to kiss but I don't think he does either. I'm sure two seconds after you press your lips to mine, your tongue isn't supposed to be in my mouth. I just go with it, okay, few seconds pass, and now it feels almost right. Damn, he tastes like pizza, mm mm… I like pizza. He pulls back and stares at me. "Was that your first kiss?" He asks. What the fuck is he talking about? "No, was that your first kiss?" I retort. Okay, maybe that wasn't a very good comeback but whatever. "No. You don't know how to kiss Isabella, are you lying?" He looks skeptical. "No, you motherfucking dumbass, I've had my first kiss, in middle school with a girl that cornered me in the locker room and kissed the fuck out of me in front of everyone. I later found out she was a lesbian, and that she likes fat girls." I scowl at him, and stick my tongue out at him like a five year old. "Well you're still bad at it." He says. I should kick him in his motherfucking face. "You're the one who's bad at it! You stuck your tongue in my mouth way before you should have! You fucking dumbass! I bet you're bad in bed to. The girl won't even be ready and you're already in there!" I smile in triumph and somehow am still able to use my arms, shoving it forwards demonstrating his early penetration. I laugh at my own thoughts. "Are you serious? I make girls scream!" He thinks he's one. "Yeah, scream in pain! Oh, fuck! NO! STOP! I'M NOT READY! OUCH! DUMBASS YOU NEED TO… FUCK! FUCKING STOP!" I scream just to spite him. I should so be an actress. "Let's just go, you're making me late for class." He gives up and scoots back, finally letting go of my face. He grabs my hands instead and kicks the vent down. As his body falls down, he pulls me forward, not only pulling me closer, but also keeping him from falling. "I'm making you late to class? Motherfucking dumbass, you're making me late for class!" His entire body is out of the vent and I can see out. He's standing on a table beneath us. "What. Ever!" He says like a girly girl. I laugh so hard I feel my tampon. "So how are we going to do this?" I'm not trying to die over here. "Like this." He jumps off the table, while still holding my arms and I'm stuck for a second until he pulls even harder and I fall on top of the table, also breaking it. That fucking asshole is such a motherfucking dumbass.