face and I immediately felt guilty for wanting to sate my curiosity. "No," she replied in a clipped voice. "Nick decided after Ava was born that he wasn't as prepared to be a father as I thought he was. "Oh Bella, honey, I'm so sorry." I hugged her from one side, Carlisle from the other. Our poor abandoned baby girl. "It's fine." She grimaced. "I mean, it's not fine, but it is what it is and there's not really a lot I can do to change it." She shrugged. "One of the nurses at the hospital told me that even if the father wasn't around, I shouldn't be too proud to ask for help from any family I had. I was hoping I could stay here with you guys for a bit while I pull myself back together again, if that's alright?" Alright? I was practically bouncing off the walls. Both Bella and Ava living with us again for the indefinite future? – I was in heaven. "Of course you can stay," I reassured her. "For as long as you want. You know we love having you here and it'll give us all a chance to get to know Ava. After all, she's our first grandchild." I relished the word grandchild even as I said it. "Thank you." Bella looked as if she was about to start crying again, and Carlisle seemed to realise this. "Esme, why don't you go and check on the baby while I help Bella get to bed?" Shuffling off, I peered in on Ava, making sure she wasn't too hot or too cold and that she was sleeping soundly. Carlisle and Bella were talking quietly in the next room, but I tuned them out. If either of them wanted me to know what they were speaking of then they would tell me. After a while, I decided to leave the baby to sleep in peace and went down to the kitchen to make a list of supplies that we would need to get in if Bella and Ava were going to be staying with us long term. Eventually Carlisle came downstairs and sat opposite me at the table. I glanced up at him, noting that he was frowning. "Did Bella get off to sleep alright?" He nodded slowly. "I had to give her a mild sedative to help. She's been under an enormous amount of stress lately with the baby and this situation with Nick. She's been running on empty for much of the last week. I've reassured her that we'll take good care of Ava while she's resting." I scowled at the mention of Ava's father, but chose not to say anything. I didn't have to anyway; once Jasper and Emmett found out what he had done to Bella I was sure that they both would have plenty to say. Instead, I chose to focus on a more neutral topic. "Did she say how long she expected to be staying with us? I'm going to run to the store in the morning and I need to make sure I get enough supplies for the both of them." Carlisle shook his head. "She only said that she had packed up most of her things and arranged for the rest to be shipped over later. She's let the lease on her apartment go so I'm guessing that she'll be with us for the foreseeable future." I couldn't help my squeal of excitement. Carlisle mock-frowned at me, but couldn't hide the easy smile that spread across his face. "Remember that we need to tread carefully, Esme. We don't know how long Bella's going to end up staying with us, so don't go getting ahead of yourself." "Oh hush." I reached across and slapped his forearm gently. "I know I shouldn't get too excited, but it's Bella, Carlisle, and she's here to stay for a while. I'm just...happy, no matter the circumstances." He shook his head at me, his smile still on his face. "I know you are. And just think, with Bella and Ava here it won't be long until Rosalie and Emmett catch wind of their visit and then you'll have all the family back together again." I smiled, but it quickly vanished. "I just wish she could've come home under better circumstances, that's all." "I know." Carlisle moved around the table and gave me a kiss. "But she's here with us now and that's all that's matters." I smiled at him and raised my face for another kiss that he obligingly gave me. The night passed fairly quickly after that. Ava was good as gold and only got up once when she had a dirty diaper. Edward was back by then so I made him join me while I changed her, laughing as he wrinkled his nose, a grimace on his face the entire time. It wasn't long before dawn though that I heard a motorbike roaring up the driveway, the familiar scent of my third son meeting me as I opened the front door. "She's back?" "Yes." Jasper kissed my cheek in greeting and then bounded up the stairs with a brisk wave to Carlisle and his brother as he passed them. I wasn't too put out by his lack of attention towards the rest of us. We all knew that Bella was and always had been his priority in this family, a point that was emphasized when she woke up a few hours later and found him there, squealing in happiness at his appearance. Carlisle had contacted Emmett and Rosalie too during the course of the evening and they were also on their way back. Soon my family would be back together once more, no matter the sad circumstances that brought us all back home. Contentment spread through me as I thought about the exuberance and joy Bella's presence would bring back to us all again, and this time there was my little granddaughter in the mix too. Yes, I was truly blessed.