they weren't paying all too much attention to my odd ways. 'Jasper.' I said with a polite smile still on my lips. Her green eyes looking straight into my golden eyes, I almost forgot about everyone else in the room. No not almost. I forgot about everyone in the room. Normally I had a hard time dealing with history class. The other students sitting around me, their scents filling the classroom. Their heart beats ringing in my ears, as well as the soft flow of warm red liquid streaming through everyone's veins. It was torture. The fact the lesson was boring didn't help at all, it only gave me more room to let my thoughts wander, mostly to the students. Today however, they had wandered to this girl. It was strange. Not only that this girl was able to keep me from thinking about it, or able to make me forget about it with just one small movement, one batting of an eyelash, one hair falling in front of her face and her hand moving to get it back into place. How much I wanted to do that for her. It was weird that I was feeling as if this girl was my world. Everything I had ever lived for. 'Would you do me the honor of telling me your name please?' I asked her after all my thoughts had passed in less than a second. She smiled again, still not weirded out by my formal way of speaking, or my stares. Because that was what I believed I was doing, staring. 'Mia,' she said still smiling. I said it out loud, too fast and too low for her to hear. The name sounded so natural and at the same time so extraordinary. 'That is a beautiful name.' I said which made her smile widen, and my dead heart rate quicken. 'It's short for Mianella.' She made a face, a hint of disgust in her voice. 'It still is a beautiful name.' I said with all sincerity. Surprise rippled through her but she kept her smile in place. 'That is very nice of you.' She said. 'I think Jasper is a beautiful name too.' If it had been any other girl it would probably be meant mockingly. A boy wouldn't want his name to be called beautiful. But Mia's sincerity, and the fact she had said my name out loud, made my own body shiver pleasantly. 'Thank you.' I said. The bell rang suddenly and it surprised me. The lesson couldn't yet be over right? We hadn't talked that long at all. We must've been though because everyone was getting up and leaving. She did as well. I didn't, wanting to take her in for as long as I had left. I followed her movements with my eyes as she put her books in her bad. When she was ready she turned to me and waved slightly. 'It was nice meeting you Jasper. I hope I'll see you around more!' She turned around and started walking away. 'Mianella.' I said softly. I froze in shock at what I then saw. It was a small movement, miniscule even, but it had been there. For a moment she had been inclined to turn around at the sound of her name. That was impossible however, I had said it too soft to hear from the doorway. I laughed at that thought, it was almost as impossible as me being able to ignore my bloodlust around her. The blood pumping in her veins, how easy it had been to ignore it. Easier than anything I had ever encountered. That's probably because... Instead of freezing, this time I got up in a hurry and ran out of the classroom with my bag slung over my right shoulder, trying to go at a human speed, which is harder than it sounds. I called out for Edward in my mind, as loud as I could, knowing he would hear me. COME MEET ME AT THE PARKING LOT NOW. BRING THE REST. Edward would have his next lesson with Emmett and Rosalie so he could bring them. Alice had her lesson with me, but she had probably already seen I wasn't coming. I shook my head and laughed at myself. How stupid of me not to notice it before. The feelings of disbelief and shock in the cafeteria, the way she didn't chicken out at my formalities and the feelings of total horror when I had called her name and had thought she'd almost stopped. The reason I was never tempted by her beating heart was as clear as daylight and I could not believe I hadn't noticed it before. Her eyes had had me fooled. In the back of my mind a voice was still saying it was impossible that she was wearing contacts, such beauty couldn't be recreated by those filthy things, but I ignored it. She just had to be wearing contacts, how else were her eyes green? If her heart wasn't beating, than her eyes could only be two colors. Red, or gold. She was hiding one of the two behind those contacts, and I wanted to know which one. 'What did you do?' Rosalie snarled at me when I was with them again, beside our car. They'd all come, as I had asked them to. 'Rose calm down.' Emmett said, placing a hand on her shoulder. 'If he had done anything wrong we would've noticed by now. Probably by hearing screams and stuff.' I felt Emmett was mocking me but ignored it. 'That's not why I asked you guys here.' He took a pause and both Alice and Edward gasped at what I was going to say. 'I hate it when they do that.' Rosalie muttered. 'She's not human.' I said then, ignoring Rosalie's words completely. A group of four vampires looked at me in surprise, which is not something that happens often. Thank you for reading, hope you enjoyed it, please review!