I think she wants grandchildren and you're her best hope." "Why do you say that?" "She said, ' You're lovely Isabella, dear ,'" Bella mimicked. "And then told me that she heard all about our courtship from Emmett and that you'd propose soon. She's adamant that we wed here." "You're quite serious, aren't you?" "I am quite serious." Bella nodded. "I apologize for my family Bella. You must fine me completely daft-" Bella grabbed his head and put her lips on his, effectively shutting him up. His eyes grew wide, before he moaned and gave in to the kiss. He twisted and wrapped one hand around her torso while the other went into her hair. The soft strands braided around his hand, as he clenched, locking her in place. He tilted her head and she opened her mouth to him, panting between kisses. "Edward," she sighed, as his mouth kissed over her cheek and down her neck, peppering her with sharp nips and kisses until he got to her shoulder. Pulling her soft shirt off her shoulder he couldn't help but smile before licking the sweet skin and moving back toward her neck, pulling her shirt down. Him cupping her breast in his hand made her tilt her head back and push into him. "Fuck, Bella," he groaned and pulled at her nipple. He wanted nothing more than to taste her and based on her reactions, she felt the same. He laid her flat on her back and moved down her torso. Edward soon found her underwear and ripped the slight bit of fabric from her hips, making her gasp in shock and then giggle. "I want you." It was a warning, almost, like something fervent yet yearning. "I want you, too," she breathed out and reached down to take him in hand through his boxers. He growled, low, making her giggle before she pulled down the only fabric that separated them. Edward moved over her, but stopped. His eyes were asking permission and he waited until she nodded. When he pushed into her, she gasped, body arching as she held her breath, The push-pull between them made them both need something to hold onto for greater friction and leverage. A loud slap on his ass had him growling again, pinning her down as he thrust into her. It wasn't very sensual. It was needy and primal as he locked her to him. The weight of him was a comfort. Her back felt hot from frantic joining but she didn't care. He was being so animalistic, claiming her. His sharp nips and bites caused chills, making him chuckle. She lurched forward and grew rigid as her body went white hot. He stilled, feeling her body orgasm around him. Her body clenched his cock, the muscles surrounding him vibrated like a vortex, trying to drain him, but he stayed firmly set inside her, waiting. "Bloody hell, Edward," she moaned, her sensitive body finally relaxed into the bed while he enjoyed the last moments of her orgasm before he started to pump himself slowly in and out of her. She recoiled, as he hit her clit over and over with his fingers that reached between them. He pinched and pulled, feeling her body react again but Bella fought it. "That feel good, darling?" He smirked, but he didn't give her a chance to answer. He was quickly fucking her, not caring how her body seemed to want to rest. He wanted another and he was going to get it. "Fuck yes," she groaned, pushing his hand away from her clit. He moved, pulling her to him and turning her to her side. He lifted her leg, exposing her to the cool morning air as he did his best to take her to that next level of orgasm. He knew she was close, but fighting it off. Edward put his fingers into his mouth, tasting her on them before he put the two fingers back on her clit. It was all it took, before she squealed, her body recoiled. He pushed into her clenched body, the hot, wet friction was enough to set him off, coming in hot bursts. Bella ran her fingers over his sensitive chest and he pushed twice more into her with a pained groan. Edward finally stilled, trying to carefully keep her still as the shocks of his orgasm rippled over his entire body. "Fuck that was hot," Bella sighed. Edward moved behind her cupping her breast in his hand as he spooned her. "I'd say." He was still panting in her hair, it tickled her neck. "We should do that again; the role playing. It keeps things interesting though I'm glad it's over." "Me too," He sighed. "It was an expensive game with the tickets. I could have bought shoes." "Baby shoes? I mean, grandchildren, really? Is she high?" Edward asked and Bella giggled, nodding. "We haven't even been married a year and she wants me knocked up." Bella whispered. "I thought that was fun, though…We haven't done fantasy play in a while." "I didn't like you ignoring me." Edward pouted. "Poor baby." "And I am going to kill Emmett." Bella snorted, but agreed. "Oh, and who's this James character?" Bella just laughed. "I love you all furiously jealous. You should've seen your face." "Wasn't funny." "It was a perfect fantasy. I hope we can come back to it someday." "We will…" He turned toward the nightstand and opened the drawer, pulling out their wedding rings he placed his on and then put hers back where it belonged. Seeing his ring on her finger finally made him relax. The fantasy, although fun, made him too on edge, it seemed. He didn't want to think of her alone on a train, penniless and hopeless. But it had all played out fine, after all. "Thank you for that last ride, Edward," Bella sighed, content. "The ride has just begun, love." A/N: Thank you for reading and your kind reviews. Blessings.