last name?" "Black, Jacob Black." I looked up at this surprised. "So is mine." I shared a look with Ash, and then he looked away, trying to think of something. "Holy Shit! I bet you're his long lost cousin or something!" yelled Seth. "Yeah maybe. I don't know." I said, running my hand through my shoulder-length hair. I felt like I wanted to go to Forks—no I needed to go to Forks. I don't know why but it's just this feeling in the pit of my stomach. I wanted to know who I am—where I came from. I wanted to see my parents even if I could only see their graves. There was a knock on the door, and I smelled Edward. I stood up and opened the door for him, giving him an annoyed look. He smelled vile. "Thank you Noah, so do you." I snarled, let him enter. I'm going to have to mop the floor after he leaves, just to get the smell out. "Ella, are you okay?" asked Edward. "Y-yeah...I'm okay. I just want to go home now," she said, cuddling closer into Seth. Edward nodded, and looked at Ash. "Gerald ran away. I wasn't able to get to him on time. He must be out of the city by now. I'm thinking he probably went back to the Volturi to tell them all about this," he said. "I see. Well as long as he's not in New York, he is not my problem. I heard they wanted to experiments on your daughter. What makes her so special?" asked Ash. "Well, she has a very special gift of transferring her thoughts to others. She is also a hybrid, and not venomous. I guess they wanted to know what makes her not venomous. She also grows quite fasts. She is technically two years old, but she looks about thirteen." What in the world? That is the most bizarre thing I've ever heard in my life! This world is so messed up. "Hmm, so why is she not venomous?" I asked. "Usually female hybrids aren't venomous, but males are. But we aren't really sure why," he said. I nodded and asked to talk to Ash privately. We came out to the back porch, and there looking up at the sun rising. "So what do you want to talk to me about Noah?" he asked. "What is an imprint? I know you know something about it Ash," I asked, look at him in the eye. He blushed and looked away. He was silent for a long time, so I nudged him. "Well? What is it?" I probed. "I don't know exactly, but from what I gather from what dad told me, it is kind of like love at first sight. It is when you first see her, she's the only thing that matters—the only thing that keeps you alive." Ash never talked like this, so to say I was surprised was an understatement. Him blushing, talking like such a love-sick puppy—it made me wonder if he... "Who is she Ash? Was it the girl you were trying not to think about last time we patrolled together?" I asked. He blushed, and ran his hand through his hair. "Yeah her name is Stella," he said, his voice was soft when he spoke her name. "Oh, so you love her?" "Haha, I guess so. I can't stop thinking about her man. She stubborn though, and she makes me crazy." I laughed, and patted his back. "Did you tell about her being a wolf?" I asked. "No...not yet. I am waiting for the right time. It's only been two weeks. But after today, I have to tell her soon though. She needs to know." I nodded. He was right—she needed to watch out for herself and be able to tell him when she needed his help. "Yeah, now you have to tell her about the imprinting thing too," I said. He sighed. "This will never get any easier." I nodded. "I think I want to go to Forks for a while. Just to, you know..." Ash looked at me, worry and sorrow filled his eyes. "You don't have to say it. I know you Noah. You need to go there, it's been fifteen years. You must miss it." "Yeah man, you should go," said Corbin, patting my back. I looked at them and smiled. "Thanks guys," I said, "But how are you guys going to patrol around here just the two of you while I'm gone?" "We can manage man, don't worry. Plus I think there will be new pack members. It looks that famous lacrosse kid from Irondequoit high school has some wolf genes from the Irondequoit tribe," said Corbin, "It's just a matter of time." I laughed, and shook my head. Corbin had to go to school, while Ash and I went to work. Ella, Edward and Seth stayed at my place till they got word to go home. I told them about me staying there for a couple of weeks, and Seth was ecstatic. Was he always that happy? Work was long and I was tired at hell. I just wanted some shut eye. I parked in my driveway and quickly greeted everyone. I went straight to bed and slept till 11 pm. I started to pack my stuff for my trip back home. Home . I actually missed the place I never thought I would go back to. I packed and said good bye to my family here, and drove with Seth, Ella, and Edward to the airport. Edward had to sit beside me, lucky me. Seth and Ella were cuddled together in the back seat, kissing each other. Urgh. Can't this wait? We got on our plane, and I sat beside the window. I was going to miss New York. But I had this good feeling about Forks. Like I was meant to find something there. I saw the clouds pass me, and slowly drifted to sleep.