turned out. You know that Will is always welcome here and Seth and Kam love having you there. Why did you two try to sneak out?" Edward said softly and hugged her tightly before letting out a breath. "I know I'm going to regret saying this, but it has to be said. Lane, if you and Will are going to do anything, I at least want you two to be somewhere that we know you're going to be." The sobbing stopped suddenly and Laney immediately let go of Edward, looking a deer in head lights. "Lane, your father is right." I began. Laney shook her head, blushing crimson. "We weren't going to DO anything. We haven't even done- ugh! No, just no." "Then why the hell were sneaking out in the first place?" I asked her. Laney looked at me as if I grown a third head. "Oh, I don't know. Maybe it's nice to have a nice conversation without our younger siblings barging in the room or jealous friends trying to get in the conversation or OVER-PROTECTIVE parents trying to get us out the a bedroom, which by the way never has a closed door. No, never, that just couldn't be the reason." "You're being dramatic." I told her. "Am I, Momma? Am I? As much as I love Kate, Cash, and Masen and as much as I love you and Daddy- none of you seem to comprehend the meaning of alone. Even whenever Will isn't here, a girl just needs her space. I mean, Jesus. And y'all wonder why I'm so quiet and moody. It's not PMS, I'm a teenager. I hate the world most of the time and just want to be left alone to deal with it myself." "But Laney, it's not good for you to-," I started, but Laney held up a hand. "Momma, I'm not crazy. I'm not a patient. I'm your daughter, and I would like to be treated like it. I'm not five years old. I'm fourteen..." Laney stopped for a moment to think. "Remember when I was little, and y'all told me that I would get hurt a lot when I grew up and that y'all would always be there?" "Exactly, Lane. Which is why-," "This isn't one of those times, Daddy." Edward's face fell, and I'm almost positive that mine did too. Tears were fighting to break loose. "Don't get me wrong. It's nice to know that y'all want to be in my life, but I don't need you breathing down my back and holding me up, making sure I don't fall. I'm not hurting. I'm just trying find out who I am. I don't want to be known as just Edward Cullen's daughter the rest of my life. Or as that girl who dated the guy on her father's reality show. Do you understand what I'm trying to say?" She quoted with a smirk. To my utter surprise, Edward smiled. I tried to keep emotions in check. At this point, I was considering just locking her in her room until I died. "Yes. And I'm proud of you for telling me. I'm sorry, baby doll." Edward said and hugged her. Laney hugged him back and then looked at me. She giggled. "Mom, are you PMSing, or are you pregnant again?" I rolled my eyes. "Hush, you." I said and then pulled her into my arms. "My baby girl is growing up." I could nearly feel her eyes rolling. "Can I go to bed now?" "Oh, your father didn't tell you, but we now have a new rule for grounded children." I laughed. Edward looked confused but then his eyes lit with recognition as he went into the closet. "On the sofa with you, Lane Darlin'." Edward said as he tossed a pillow and blanket on the sofa that was in the sitting area of our room. "What?" Laney screeched. "You're lucky we're not making you sleep on the floor." I laughed and finally let her out of my embrace. Laney groaned. "This is so not fair. Can I at least go get my jammies?" "Go. But you have two minutes. Hustle." Edward said and clapped his hands once with a chuckle. "This is so not cool." "One minute and forty seconds." Edward sang. "Eep." Laney squeaked and ran out of the master suite. "You're enjoying this way too much." I laughed. He shrugged and gave me a peck on the lips before getting on his side of the bed. "One minute!" He called. Two seconds later, Laney came barreling through the doorway and slid into the room in her fuzzy socks, ramming into the bed. "Ah ya yie." She groaned and rubbed her thigh as she walked into the bathroom to change. "Bull in a china closet." Edward laughed. "She gets that from you." I rolled my eyes with a smile. Laney walked into back into the room in a hoodie and Cotten shorts. She flopped onto the sofa with a scowl and a scrunched nose. "Your face is gonna get stuck like that, Lane." "No, it ain't." She grumbled. I shook my head at the two of them and pecked Edward on the cheek before lying down and falling asleep. I was woken up by thunder. It rattled the entire house. Within ten seconds, Laney was in between Edward and me. Kate followed shortly after. After third rumble of thunder and in the middle of the lightning flashes, both Cash and Masen came into the room and slept at the foot of our bed. Thank God for California kings. A/N: Okay, so it was sort of short. I'm so sorry about that, but I promise the next chapters will be longer. Also, all of their outfits are already on my Polyvore. Yes, I finally got one. Anyway, it's all there. Here is the link: And don't forget to check out my other brand new story called Trapped in Wedlock. And please don't forget to leave a review! -Layn