eyes, his sensuous lips, his touch… the thought made me dizzy with anticipation. "Fine, looking forward to it." I challenged. I knew I didn't have a prayer. "Now are you going to tell me where you're taking me?" "Be patient, we're almost there." His smile was intoxicating. "Edward, tell me," I demanded, bouncing in my seat suddenly excited and nervous at the same time. "Okay, okay…" he chuckled. "You look like you're going to spontaneously combust. First, we're going to the theater. They're showing a play by Shakespeare 'The Taming of the Shrew'. I thought it might prove to be educational," he teased. "Very funny. So now you think I'm a shrew? I guess I deserve that." I pretended to look hurt. His face fell. "Bella , don't be absurd. I'm just teasing you." "Got ya again!" A wide grin returning to my face. "And you said I was a terrible actress." "I stand corrected," he said with a smile. Then his smile turned positively wicked. "You do realize that I am going to get you back for this?" "You're certainly welcome to try." This game was proving to be more fun than I had anticipated. "So…where are you taking me after the theater?" I asked, my eyes wide eager for the next round. "You don't miss a beat do you? I think I've finally met my match." He stared at me, as if we were playing some elaborate game of chest, his eyes searching mine for my next move. "Tell me, please." "Sorry…it's top secret. If I tell you it will ruin all my plans." I knew it would do no good to pout at this point. He would find too much humor in it. When we arrived at our destination, Edward pulled up to the valet attendant. "Wait here, please." He lifted his eyebrow waiting for my response. "I promise not to budge." Grinning at him, I crossed my heart. He nodded, satisfied, and got out of the car. He gave the valet attendant an appraising stare. The guy was probably in his mid twenties. The difference in age between the attendant and my husband was obvious. Edward, forever frozen at the age of seventeen, looked like a boy in comparison. But this in no way disadvantaged him in anyway. Edward, when provoked, was a force to be reckoned with. Edward often said that humans have a natural instinct to be fearful of our kind. But I was never convinced. He really had no idea how the girls would swoon when he walked by. Edward, is naturally a caring and charitable person. He's friendly and polite to everyone he meets and he gives a large portion of his yearly earnings to various charities. He'd give of his time as well if he were not fearful of people becoming suspicious of his vampirism. It's times like this, when he is confronted with people like the attendant that makes me wonder if he is not right after all. But still, I feel it's not so much as to what Edward is that causes some people to cower to his imposing nature so much as it is the attitude in which he carries himself. I have observed the very same attitude from others of our kind. "I will know immediately if this car has been taken for a joy ride," I heard Edward say as he glared at the man and flashed his teeth menacingly. The attendant cringed. "I trust that I am leaving my car in good hands." "O…of c…course sir," the attendant stammered, clearly shaken. Edward handed him the key along with a gratuity. "If you return my car to me without a scratch there will be another one of those. However, if you do not…" Edward stared at him severely, flashing his teeth again. The fear in the man's eyes would have made my heart stop if I were still human. "I think you get the idea." Edward turned on his heel and walked gracefully to my side of the car. He pulled my door open "My lady," he said, forcing a smile and offering me his hand. I took his hand, my eyes never leaving his. I was searching his expression wondering what the attendant had done to bring Edward's temper to the forefront. I threw my shield out over him. I had noticed, quite by accident, that when I had my shield over him I could determine his mood by his spark or rather his aura. His spark was what I saw in my mind when I wasn't looking directly at him. However, when I was looking at him I saw a brilliant ray of light streaming out all around him and it changed in color and intensity according to his mood. I toyed with this secret knowledge often. It was almost as good as being able to read his mind. Sure enough there it was a glimmer of anger still there but slowly dissolving. Edward extended his elbow and linked my arm with his. "What was that about?" I asked low enough only Edward could hear. "Sorry love, my behavior was necessary. That guy was planning to take your car for a spin around town." "Oh, I thought it was something like that. You scared the snot out of him, you know." Edward chuckled at my word choice. "It serves him right." This was a long time coming for me. I've been curious for a while what was going to happen next in the little town of Forks WA. Alas, I couldn't take it anymore. I had to dive in and see for myself. Okay, don't forget. I'm keeping track of all your reviews. I'm posting a the first chapter of four stories today. Stuck On A Cloud Spirit In the Sky Hotel California The Purpose of Forever The story with the most reviews is the one I'll be working on next, along with my companion story to Married to the Enemy. Thanks for reading.