the train, I felt like I was flying. Before I knew it we were outside in the rain. He kept me tucked under his chest, he continued to run through the trees. He stopped in a clearing covered my trees. The rain was now barely falling on us. He set me on my feet, but kept an arm around my shoulders. Locking me in place so I couldn't get away. But I wouldn't dare try. When I looked around, I saw a man and woman stepped from the shadows of the trees. "She's lovely Edward," the woman purred, coming closer and circling slowly like a predator. The man was circling as well. Edward, the one holding me, let me go and let me stumble into the middle of the clearing. My heart felt like it was going to burst out of my chest. The man and woman circled me slowly, licking their lips. "Ahh, welcome back," the blond man said. I turned, following his gaze. Four people, two men and two women, walked into the clearing. The biggest one, even bigger than Edward, was holding a struggling Jessica in his arms. "Let her go!" I growled. Instead of letting her go, they laughed. "Mmm, she's going to be feisty." Said the one holding Jessica. "Yes, she will. Now hurry before the sun rises!" The littlest, black haired female hissed. Edward turned towards me again, stalking me like a predator stalking its prey. Tears began to fall down my cheeks. "P-please just m-make it quick," I cried. "I told you I wasn't going to kill you." He growled, now towering over me. He grabbed me by my upper arms and lifted me up, my tiptoes barely brushing against the ground. His head leaned down, coming closer to mine. His lips brushed against mine, then he dragged his lips down to my neck. I could feel his lips on my pulse, my heart now beating wildly. He opened his mouth slowly, then, bit as hard as he could into my neck. I screamed, arms flailing as the pain of his bite sent my nerves on pain overload. He licked the bite before pulling away completely. Sweeping me up in his arms he started walking through the trees again; I was withering in pain, a strange fiery feeling coursing through my veins. I started screaming as the pain intensified. "Don't worry, in a day you'll be better than new, sister," the black haired female said. I cried out, wondering what the hell these monsters were and why I was in so much pain and what they were going to do with me. After a few moments, I was placed on something soft and silky. "I wish I could take the pain from you, but luckily you'll only be in pain for a little while." Edward said, stroking my forehead. A Day Later I opened my eyes, feeling strange. I lifted up slowly, looking around. Everything was so clear and magnified. I inhaled deeply, but the motion felt strange, it felt unnecessary. A hand was placed on mine, "How are you feeling Isabella?" I looked over to see Edward sitting in a chair beside the bed I was laying in. "W-what did you do to me?" I asked, my voice sounding like beautiful, ringing bells. "I made you better. I made you new. I made you like me." He said confidently. "What are you?" I asked. He smiled, "I'm surprised you haven't figured it out… after everything." He said. I thought for a moment, "You're not human. Y-you… tell me what you are… what I am." I demanded. "You're a vampire." He said. "W-what?" I said. "You're a vampire. You will live forever, you will survive on blood, you will die in the sun. You are a vampire. You are also my chosen bride. My mate." He said. I looked down at my porcelain hands and the large ring on my ring finger. There was no heartbeat within my chest. Yet I was still up and talking… this had to be the truth… A Few Hours Later Edward told me everything. The train, why he and his family did what they did, why he chose me, and what I was supposed to do now. He led me down the large spiral stone staircase. There was something enticing down in the deep dark. I kept inhaling the closer we got. Edward chuckled, "It's going to be a delight to watch you feed for the first time." I kept sniffing the air. I could now hear a thumping. There were no lights, it was pitch black. But I could see because of my newfound vampire abilities. Huddled in a corner was Jessica, her eyes wide as she tried to see in the pitch black. Edward placed his hands on my shoulders. "Do you smell the blood? Can you feel the venom in your throat?" He said. I hissed, wanting to just indulge in the amazing smell of her blood. He released my shoulders, as soon as I was free, in a blur, I ran forward and grabbed a hold of Jessica, sinking my long sharp teeth into her frail neck. She let out a loud scream, but soon the scream turned into a gurgle. I drank until I was overly full, but I couldn't stop, I just wanted more. Once her blood was completely drained, I dropped her, my body shaking with pure pleasure. "Welcome to the family Isabella." Carlisle, the leading of the clan said, stepping away from the corner. I just now noticed the rest of the family in the dark room, they were smiling at me. I looked down at my clenched fists, blood soaking my shirt. I smiled, this was who I wanted to be… This was where I wanted to be, with my family… This is a little one-shot I wrote up for your reading pleasure, it's a bit dark, but sometimes I like dark ;) Tell me what you think!