also had a small brick island to sit at as well as a small round table with chairs. The entire patio was enclosed. "Now this place I can see us living in." Jake said. I rolled my eyes since we hadn't even been upstairs yet. Just because the downstairs and outside was nice didn't mean the upstairs wasn't tiny. The realtor led us back inside and up the stairs. The same cream colored walls and hardwood floors were throughout the upstairs as well. Each room was big enough for a king size bed, a desk, and a built in walk in closet. Each bathroom was just as the realtor had described. Once we'd finished with the upstairs she took us down into the finished bathroom. To the left of the stairs there was a door that led into the laundry room that had a washer and dryer. To the right of the stairs it opened up to a small kitchen area with a fridge and built in bar. Past the kitchen area was a large area with a huge couch and a huge 70" LED 1080p 3D HD television. Jasper, Jake, and my dad practically drooled over the television. Best part of the basement was that it had its own entrance from the side of the house so if we didn't want anyone upstairs. There was also a half bathroom just like the one on the first floor. "How much is the rent?" My dad asked. "7500.00 a month." She responded. "Is the owner willing to sell?" He asked. "I'm not sure let me call and find out." She answered as she walked back upstairs and stepped out letting us look around the house. "Dad why are you asking about buying it, we may not even live in Seattle after college." I said. He nodded. "Yes but think about it if you guys do move out after college then we'll rent it out." The realtor came back and nodded her head. "He is willing to sell. Based on this area the houses are going for about $600,000." Charlie nodded his head and pulled out his phone. Jake's dad Billy was in construction so he asked Billy to come out with his companies building inspector and check the property out. (A/N: In my story Billy isn't in a wheel chair) "My friend owns a construction company and has an inspector on his crew so that there are no surprises when the cities building inspectors come out. They are going to come check the house over tomorrow. If everything checks out then I'll be ready to make an offer on the spot. Could you ask the owner to be present?" Dad said. She nodded her head and followed us out of the house vowing to call the home owner. End Flashback. The home had ended up being in great condition and my dad ended up buying it for $585,000. Since all of us were moving back to Forks he already had a family who was interested in renting the home. Jake and Jasper had already moved back to Forks when they graduated two years ago. Jake had always been fiddling around with fixing up cars and had taken an automotive class along with Rosalie over the last two years. The classes had been weekend classes and both were now certified and could work on cars if they wanted. Jake and Rose had agreed that since they both loved cars and both would have bachelor degrees in business that the logical thing to do was to start up their own auto garage. My dad had helped them get a loan for half the money they needed and he and gran had gone in as silent partners with them making it possible for them to open two garages one in Port Angeles and one in Forks. Jasper had been working for the last two years teaching 5th grade history. He had helped me get a job as a student teacher last semester which was the last step that I needed to get my bachelors degree. At the end of last year the 1st grade teacher had decided to retire and the school offered me a job in the fall as long as I could pass the tests and got my certifications to teach. I was scheduled to take the test as soon as we got back from our trip to Las Vegas. Gran and dad had paid for a 2 week vacation for all of us. Jake and Jasper had saved their trip so that they could go with us when we graduated. Dad, gran, and Billy were coming for a couple days because Jake and Tanya were getting married while we were there. I blinked as the girl next to me nudged me and brought me out of my thoughts. We were lining up and when I didn't get up she realized I wasn't paying attention. I got into line with the others ready to walk across the stage. My family cheered as first Tanya's name was called and she walked across the stage receiving her diploma. I didn't pay much attention as names were called until Rose's name was called. I watched her walk across the stage and heard my family cheering. When it was finally my turn I saw my dad and gran along with Billy, Jake, and Jasper standing up cheering for me. I managed to some how make it across the stage without falling and took my seat waiting for the Dean to announce that we were finished. When the last name was called we were told to move our tassels to the other side showing that we were now graduates. At that moment I wondered where Alice was and if she had spent the last 4 years similar to mine going to classes, doing homework, and finally graduating. A/N - Here's a link where you can keep up with any pictures that I use for the each chapter.