rest of the reservation and the ocean. The large windows had been placed strategically to face the dramatic view, and he loved it. Quil and Embry had left ten minutes before, and he was enjoying the peace. Jake took another swallow of his beer, his mind drifting back to the summer where he had watched a girl stand on her porch, clad only in a skimpy bikini, and drinking lemonade. It'd been like a porno for him back then. He still missed Bella. He got up, trying to banish those thoughts, and headed back inside. He was staring in the fridge, wondering what to eat for dinner, when there was a knock on the door. When he pulled it open, he lost the capability of speech. He hadn't seen Bella since that fateful night at the club. And now here she was five years later. "Jake," she said. Her smile was less sly, but nothing else had changed. She was as beautiful as ever, with longer brown waves of hair framing her face. She wore a bright blue tank top and jeans. "Bella," he said. "What, uh, what are you doing here?" He didn't know what else to say. "Can I come in?" she asked quietly. He stepped back and she walked in. "I heard you've been doing well," she commented, staring around the room. "This is a beautiful home, Jake." "Thanks," he replied. "Do you want something to drink?" She smiled a little. "Lemonade?" He laughed and got her lemonade, leading her back to the porch. It was just how it all began. She talked quietly, and for awhile, telling him how Charlie had sent her to live with her grandmother. He believed maybe she needed a female in her life. She told him she graduated from college and was working as a therapist in Port Angeles helping kids to cope with daily stresses of life, their parents' divorces, and keeping them away from drugs, crime, and alcohol. "Not that I was a criminal or a user, but it seems appropriate that I help those who flounder when I was fighting the system by breaking the rules and thinking I was a rebel. I did start drinking, too, after Charlie sent me away, but my grandmother got me to go to someone and talk about what I was feeling. My grandmother and the therapist both really helped me." Jake ran his finger through the condensation on his bottle. "I think I always knew you were a little sad, definitely rebellious, but you weren't bad, Bella." She smiled. "Thank you, but I really owe you an apology, Jake. I didn't use you, that wasn't what I was doing, but I dragged you along for my rebellious ride and got you thrown into jail." Those pretty brown eyes were teary now. "I need you to know it wasn't like that. I'm sorry I didn't contact you over all these years, but I was afraid to." Jake stared at her in surprise. "I thought you'd just moved on. I didn't contact you either, because I thought maybe that was for the best." A tear slid down her cheek. "We were both assuming, I guess, but in actuality I would have loved to have heard from you. I just thought you would be angry." Jake reached over and took her hand in his. "Honey, it wasn't a big deal. Yeah, I spent the night in jail, but that was your dad teaching me a lesson. He admitted down the road to me he was sorry, you know? Nothing ever went on record or anything." He paused. "Charlie just loved you and was punishing me in a misguided attempt to show me that I wasn't worthy of you even though he knew we were both responsible. I had just as much fun rabble-rousing, especially with you. It's over and done with and Charlie likes me now." Bella laughed and wiped the tears away. "I'm still sorry. I've since grown up a little, come to terms myself, and my dad and I fixed things with each other. I want to move back here, but I really wanted to see you first. I'd fallen in love with you back then, and I still love you." He could see it in her eyes. She'd really loved him, just as he loved her. Jake stood, pulling her into his arms, and surprised her. He whispered in her ear, "I hope you haven't grown up too much. Twenty-one year olds can be pretty damn crazy, too." Bella laughed, her eyes sparking like they used to at seventeen. "A little crazy is okay, I guess." Jake tilted her chin up. "You didn't see me that night, in the cruiser. I told you I loved you. I still love you and wish I'd said it sooner." Bella sniffled into his chest. "I loved – and still love – you, too." Jake kissed her then; hands splayed on the small of her back and eased her mouth open as the kiss heated up. When he pulled away, she nipped at his lip. "Come on, firecracker," he said easily. "I think you need to see the bedroom I built with my bare hands," he added, flexing his biceps. "And then I'm going to show you the moves I've learned over the years." He leered at her, making her laugh, and they raced inside together, feeling seventeen again and like they had their whole lives ahead of them. AN: Thank you to MeraNaamJoker for being such an awesome editor. And to AnaJadeYu for her talents at banner-making. You're both fantastic! Just a note to say this OS branched off of a drabble I wrote for Tricky Raven's Summer Drabble Challenge. It was only 500 words, though I did lift a little bit from it to put in here just to keep with the flow of the story. It's not much, and the rest has definitely not been seen elsewhere. I hope you enjoy. :o)