myself for shocking Jake and managing to hit both of them in the head. It was probably an accident, but it made for a good exit. Jake tried to hurry after me, but I quelled him with my best shrew stare and continued stomping away. Fuming, I made it back to the rez and drove straight home. Okay, I was pretty pissed off at Jake, but I did know that he was a typical, stupid teenage boy. A hot teenage boy that loved me, but still. At home, I paced and ignored my beeping cell phone, trying to figure out how to handle this. Then I had the light bulb moment and called Jessica. I finally texted Jake back the next day and told him to come to my house, specifically to my room, that night. I set my plan into motion. That evening, Jessica came over and stripped down to her skivvies. "This is so awesome!" she cheered, jumping up and down, nearly knocking me over with her bouncing boobs. "Good Lord, woman," I muttered. "You could kill someone with those. Make sure you keep your back to him. Those'll be a dead giveaway!" She giggled, cupping said bouncing boobs, and flashed me a coy look over her shoulder. "I'm a better actress than that, Swan," she said in her imitation Bella voice. I shook my head in amazement. She sounded exactly like me. Her hair was already brown and my length, so all she had to do was keep her back turned. I hid in the closet, waiting until the right moment. When I saw a long, tan leg swing in through my window, I waited nervously. Jake slid gracefully in, catching sight of "me" turned strategically, and fussing with my hair. I clapped a hand over my mouth as Jake's eyes bugged out. "Holy crap, Bells. I think my nuts are about to explode." I tried so hard to muffle my hysterical snort, managing just barely. "Oh, boy," Jessica said breathily in her Bella voice. "I think you should let me make them explode, though." Tears were streaming down my cheeks as Jessica amped up the Jessica Rabbit shtick, and Jake was falling hook, line, and sinker for it. He grimaced, adjusting himself through his shorts, and moved closer. "I'm really glad you decided to forgive me. I never did get over you. I've just fallen in love with you again," he admitted and I felt my heart melt. That was the first time he said that to me, well, sort of me. His arms encircled Jessica from behind, in a chaste way thankfully, and she turned toward him. She kept her boobs covered with the shirt held against her chest, which was a relief otherwise he'd probably ditch me for her. He saw her face when she looked up at him, though, and he gave a yelp and jumped backwards in shock. On cue, I heard Charlie come stomping up the steps. "Jacob Black, if that's you I'm going to castrate you!" His voice carried throughout the house and Jake made a beeline for the window, tripping over Jessica's clothes in the process. Jessica ducked behind my bed, yanking her shirt and pants on with the practiced moves of someone who'd had more close calls than I, before Charlie ever saw her. I came out of the closet, laughing so hard my stomach hurt, just in time to catch sight of Jake's dart by Charlie and escape out the door. He saw me in those brief seconds, his mouth dropping open, but he never stopped. Charlie made a half-hearted effort to chase him, but stopped at the top of the steps. He shook his head, looking back at me and Jessica. "Teenage girls," he said with a sigh. "Who knew what I was getting myself into?" I giggled as he went down the steps, no questions asked just like I made him promise. Late that night, my cell buzzed. When I clicked on the new message, I began giggling all over again. You're evil. The next day I went to Jake's house. No one was around, but I heard movement in his bedroom. I knocked and waited until he opened the door. I grinned at him innocently, and he just gave me a wounded look. I laughed. "Oh, come on. You know you deserved it!" He pouted some more, sitting on the edge of his bed. I smirked and pulled my shirt over my head. His eyes widened as I perched on his lap, my lace-clad breasts pressed against his chest. "Let's get it on, Samuel," I said in my best sexy voice. He glared at me and I began laughing again. "Are you sure this is Bella?" he asked drily. I smirked. "Let's go, lover boy, time to find out." He rolled me over, hovering over top of me. "It was a stupid trick, but yours was even meaner. You owe me big time, you know." "I love you, too," I said, smiling and pulling him down for a kiss. When his hands tugged impatiently at my pants, his mouth coasting over every inch of bared skin, I nearly saw those stars again. I reached down, pushing at his pants. When I had him in my grasp, he groaned and bucked against me. "I forgive you," he said. He sheathed himself quickly, lifting my legs up over his hips, and found his way deep inside. I held on, feeling a pinch of pain, but then he began rocking his hips against mine and I forgot everything. He reached the top quickly, groaning as he did explode then. I hadn't come, but he committed fully to helping me with his fingers and his tongue. After my heart rate settled, we curled together, and I knew this was where we belonged. AN: I really hope you enjoyed it… it was fun to write. :-) Oh, and random note: all Stars Wars quotes come from the movie. ;o)