He asked as we walked into the hallway of the Gym. I scoffed at the notion, and also at Edward, but mostly at the notion. "No, but I wish I could have. What, is he your friend or something?" "Not really, but he looked like he was in pain or something." "Well good. Serves him right." "Well." He said as we stopped outside of the locker rooms. "If I had been lucky enough to sit next to you. I would have talked to you." "That's really nice of you." I gave him a charming smile that this time was not simply a smile between co-workers. "Anyway, I'd better go. You be careful alright?" "I'm always careful." He replied, puffing out his chest. That caused us to burst out into laughter before I headed into the dressing room with a wave over my shoulder. I changed quickly. After folding up my clothes and tossing my backpack into the locker, I headed out to report for PE though I was quickly surprised that the Coach allowed me to sit out and observe the class. Today was apparently volleyball, my least favorite game in the world. It's not that I was particularly bad at Volleyball or any ball games in general, but my presence seemed to throw off people's aim or at least adjust their aim towards myself considering the number of times I've been pegged both my my own teammates and the other team. I was nicknamed "the misfortune magnet" and back in Phoenix, the coach often let me sit out for my own safety as well as make games a bit more fair. Before the bell had rung, I had already gone inside to change back into my standard Uniform and while the rain had apparently decided to call it quits for the day, the wind had decided to pick up even more. After checking that everything about my person was as impeccable as it was going to be, I headed out into the cold with my backpack slung over my shoulder. The heavy winds caused my jacket to flap about wildly and my hair to blow around, often getting in my face even when most of it was pulled back into my customary ponytail. The walk to the main office was not particularly grueling but it was most certainly unpleasant which fouled my previously good mood only slightly more than what I saw when I got to the front desk. Or rather, who I saw. Mister Cullen, my lanky, coppery bronze haired 'comrade' was arguing with the receptionist about trading sixth hour biology with literally any other biology course. Well, I was certainly not going to argue with that. I was of the inclination that it would be a rather pleasant turn of events, considering the interactions I've had with him so far. I strode purposefully up to the desk with my paperwork in my hand and waited patiently for the Receptionist to acknowledge me, which she did. This also caused Mister Cullen to notice me as well, oh joy. He glared at me with eyes full of hate and for a moment, my fight or flight response turned on, preparing me to do battle with my perceived threat, but I kept it discreet as I handed in my paperwork without so much as looking at my 'colleague' and after the papers were filed away, I spoke up. "Excuse me ma'am." "Yes?" She asked, looking up at me. "I was wondering if I could obtain a transfer to a different class period for sixth hour biology. I had a conflict with one of my fellow students and I fear that I will not be able to act in a professional manner around him. I get the distinct impression that he would prefer not to work with me as well." I replied easily. "I am certain that such a conflict is not conducive to a healthy learning environment so for both our sakes, I would request that we no longer have prolonged contact." She frowned slightly and pulled out a paper and pen. "Would you happen to know the name of the person?" She asked. "Me." Mister Cullen finally interjected. "Hush now." I mocked him. "The adults are talking." His response was a glare which I shot back with equal force. I could have snarled if I had not trained myself to not do such things. We tried to work around the issue but it was to no avail and the receptionist apologized and told us that she would try harder the next day. As we turned to walk out the door, I spoke coldly to Mr. Cullen one last time. "Listen here and listen well. I don't like you, but for the sake of my education, I am willing to act professionally around you. We will not speak outside of what is required for course work and standard communication on school grounds. When we communicate, I will call you Mister Cullen or Cullen-san, and you will refer to me as Zuikaku, Miss Zuikaku, or Zuikaku-san. You will not acknowledge me and I will not acknowledge you outside of what our school work dictates. You may do whatever you wish as long as it is not detrimental to my academic performance or my own well being. Is that clear?" He nodded stiffly. "Don't just nod your head. Tell me yes or no." I said. "Yes." He bit out. "Do you accept those terms?" "Yes." "Excellent." I bowed to the Receptionist and slightly inclined my head to Mister Cullen, not even a proper bow. "Good day ma'am. And Mister Cullen, may you die a horrible death." And with that, I turned on my heel and strode out into the blustery wind. I was very eager to get to my Truck so I could go home. Any semblance of a good mood I had had been dashed to pieces and I was going to take a long hot shower when I got home.