a phone I could use?" he asked with what seemed to be great difficulty. "Oh, sure…" Quickly stepping back into my house, I dug my phone out of my bag and handed it to him. He said nothing as he dialed a number. He rubbed the back of his neck and looked over towards his house while he waited for the person on the other end to answer. I didn't really know what to do with myself. Stand there and listen to his conversation? Or step inside and let him steal my phone? Not going to happen. So I stayed. Having nothing better to do, I just rudely stood there and eavesdropped as he started talking. "Jess? I need you to call a locksmith for me. No… I locked myself out of the house this morning. Yeah… my cell phone is in there. Huh? No… I don't know her number because it's in my cell. What? Yeah… okay. No… just give them my address. It's 1875 Juniper Road." He hit the end button and handed my phone back without saying a word. I cleared my throat uncomfortably and started gnawing on my bottom lip. He just stood there and stared at me coldly for a long moment before his eyes slowly perused down my body. I shivered. Must have been a gust of wind or something. It couldn't have been from those hot, icy electric eyes of his. "So what are you going to do about this?" he asked, making eye contact again and waving his hand towards his Diablo-chewed leg. I frowned and stared down at his leg intently. "Uh… could it be… um… sewn maybe?" I asked like I didn't have a brain in my head. No way could that huge tear in his pant leg be fixed by sewing it, but I figured it wouldn't hurt to ask. "Definitely not," he responded in a clipped tone. He slipped his right hand into his breast pocket and whipped out a card. "If I were you, I'd start working on a better offer." I took his business card and watched him walk back towards his house. No, I stared shamelessly at the man. He looked splendid in that expensive suit of his. "I'll be in touch," he called over his shoulder. I took in a deep breath and decided I didn't need time. I was ready to make an offer right now. "Hold on a minute, mister," I yelled out to him. He stopped dead in his tracks and turned around giving me the stink-eye. It was kind of sexy. I don't think he meant for it to be sexy, but I sure found it sexy. "I'll make you an offer right now. Give me your pant size and I'll go out and buy you another pair that will look just like the ones you have on now." His stink-eyes narrowed but I didn't feel threatened. Not one bit. "And you know what?" I said placing my hands on my hips, hoping it made me look tough. "I thought it was downright rude of you to not even bother to introduce yourself or say 'thank you' to me for letting you use my phone. Were you never taught any manners? I mean, I was nice enough to apologize and offer you a Band-Aid." He walked back towards me, glaring ominously. "And exactly what store were you going to purchase these pants from?" Walmart? The Salvation Army? "Um, I do know a few fine clothing establishments," I said, trying to sound haughty and dignified. "This suit is Gucci." No wonder he looked so hot. Goodwill sells Gucci, right? He stepped even closer, making my breathing spike a little. "And you call me rude? When you let your dog almost take my leg off?" "He did not. He couldn't take your leg off. He only weighs four pounds." "Weight is not a factor. I have the bite marks on my ankle to prove it." "Well, I can't help it that my dog hates you. I'll have you know, he's a really good judge of character." He squinted his eyes at me and his jaw did that tightening thing again. "I refuse your ridiculous offer. Like I said before, I'll be in touch." And with that, he turned on his heel and marched off. "Whatever, jackass," I mumbled under my breath. I may or may not have flipped off his fine-looking Gucci backside. Grumbling under my breath, I stepped back inside my house and slammed the door. Curiously, I stared down at the shiny black business card he'd handed me. It had a fancy raised crisscross design on it with a picture of an old timey set of scales in the upper left hand corner. My stomach did a strange flip when I read the name on it. Edward A. Cullen Attorney at Law 206-555-3131 Okay. I have to admit that I did gulp a little when I read the word "attorney" and might have muttered an "oh shit" or two as well. As I slowly walked towards my office to retrieve Diablo, an uncomfortable feeling came over me. I had a few things I needed to do. Right away. First off, I had to go find my checkbook because I knew for a fact that I would be writing a big, fat check in the very near future to Triple N… I mean, " Edward A. Cullen," I said out loud with my lip curled as I re-read the name on his fancy card. That name was so pretentious and assholish that I wondered if he'd made it up himself. Secondly, I needed to find out how to contact The Dog Whisperer . I wondered if he had an emergency hotline like those psychics did on TV because I had one hell of an emergency on my hands. And thirdly, I just knew deep down in my heart that I was going to absolutely loath and despise my new next-door neighbors.