foot up his creepy stalking ass. My glare turned to disbelief when he grabbed a sign and held it up to the window. It had ' I'm sorry. I love you' written in large, black messy letters. I turned back to the beautiful girl in front of me and gave her a 'what the heck was that?' look. A small smile kissed her lips as she simply shrugged at me. "Why don't you call the police and have him hauled off?" "I will eventually, but until then, I actually want him stalking me." I scowled as I studied her face for a moment. "Why would you want someone to stalk you? Do you have a thing for him or something?" She shook her head. "Definitely not." "Is it like a… fetish?" Was she into some kind of kinky role playing? I could be a creepy stalker for her if she was into that. And I could definitely make some signs. I was dead serious with my question, but she threw her head back and laughed so hard that it got me tickled so I ended up laughing with her. She was so cute laughing like that. Once again, I could feel that weird sensation in my stomach. I was never going to eat a leftover burrito for breakfast ever again. She giggled as she wiped at the corner of her eyes. "Not a fetish. I want him to suffer. The douche cheated on me, and he needs to pay for what he's done." That prick cheated on her? What a dickhead. I turned around and gave him another glare before I finally looked back at the gorgeous girl before me. "How long has he been stalking you?" "Five days." My mouth dropped open. "How long does he sit out there?" "For however long my shift is." "He stays out there the entire time?" "Yep." "Doesn't he have a job?" What kind of loser was this guy? "Yeah, he works for his dad. His family has a lot of money so he doesn't really have to work." Great. Now I hated the douche even more. "Are you going to take him back, after you've punished him?" I asked. "No way, he cheated. I just like making him suffer." Her pretty little cheeks turned rosy and she looked a little bashful as her fingers toyed with the edge of the counter. "I know it seems kind of weird, but every day I dress in something sexy and prance around letting him know what he's missing. It's kind of my way of getting back at him." "He must have shit for brains if he cheated on you." She threw me a sizzling half-grin that made my knees a little weak. Thank goodness I was holding onto the counter. "Exactly," she said. "I know I'm no bombshell or anything, but I'm not too sickening to look at." "Hardly," I replied. She was a total bombshell and a complete knockout and had definitely knocked me on my ass. We stared at each other until it started to get uncomfortable. I looked down at my shoes and rubbed the back of my neck. "Oh. Uh, I need to buy a starter." "Sure," she said. I gave her the year, make, and model of my car. She looked it up on the computer and of course they didn't have it in stock. They could order it, but it would take three days to get it. I told her to order it. "Your name?" she asked with a cute twinkle in her eyes. "Cullen, Edward Cullen." The corners of her mouth tipped up before she typed it into the computer. I gave her my address and cell. She printed me off a receipt and handed it to me. "We'll call you as soon as it comes in." "Thanks." I shoved the receipt in my coat pocket and stared at her. I didn't want to leave so I needed to come up with something. I quickly cleared my throat. "You know I was thinking… there is another way you could get back at that douchebag." She leaned closer to me and grinned. "And that would be…?" "You could use somebody to make him jealous," I said wiggling my eyebrows and giving her my sexiest grin. Her smile slowly faded as she pushed away from the counter looking annoyed. I frowned, instantly regretting my words. "I don't think so. I don't play those kinds of games, and trust me I've had just about every guy in this town offer to do that for me already." Well, shit. The phone next to the register rang. "I need to answer that. We'll call you when your starter comes in." She nodded and gave me a forced smile before she turned her back to me, answering the phone. I'd just been dismissed. I stood there for a minute, nervously drumming my fingers on the counter, debating what to do. I felt like a dick. I don't know what possessed me to say that to her. I was just trying to flirt with her or… I don't know what the heck I was trying to do. I stared at her unbelievable ass and spectacular legs for a few seconds longer before I finally decided to leave before my mouth got me into any more trouble. As I walked towards the door, the stalker no longer stared at the beauty behind the counter. His hatred-filled eyes were all on me. I glared back at him with as much nasty as I could conjure. On my way back home as my ears started to get frostbite from hanging my head out the window of Waylon's funked-up ride, all I could think about was that incredible girl behind the counter. And how I had opened my idiotic mouth, shoved my ratty Converse inside, and managed to screw things up. I had to make it up to her. I would, and soon. I just didn't know how yet.