neck, inhaling her scent, and began to peel the clothes off that were keeping us from skin to skin contact. Bella nodded when I glanced up at her, and I knew it was going to happen. The uncertainty melted away, leaving the touch of our mouths on each other's bodies, the brush of hair over skin, and the feel of muscles shifting under silky skin when we finally came together. We held on to each other, overwhelmed with the sensations, and I reveled in the sounds she made as our hips finally found a rhythm. In and out, slower and then faster, until we both – a bit unsteadily and frantically – reached orgasm. Bella's head was tucked under my chin, and she murmured, "I love you." I smiled, smoothing her hair back. "I love you, too." Over the next couple days, I worried about Quil and obsessed over having sex with Bella. Quil had disappeared after the confrontation in the woods and no one had seen him since. I knew he needed the space, the time, to work things out so I was trying to be patient. Everything was so unsettled among the pack. The third night, I was patrolling near sunrise at the top of the cliffs and found him. He was just standing there, looking out over the ocean. "Hey man," he said as I phased back. He punched me in the shoulder, which was more like the Quil I knew. "You look a little clearer," I said examining his face. "I feel a little better. Sue and I met up, and I think we might actually get through this without having to be, well, you know." I wasn't sure if that was true yet by looking at him, but he seemed more hopeful about it, so I didn't say anything. "Good. My dad has been looking into it as well. He's not finding much about imprinting out of age range, but he did find one case that stated it wasn't a traditional relationship. He seems to think it happened because you needed a stable and loving woman in your life." Quil looked at me, and I could see the hope in his eyes. It was common fact that while he loved his mother, he had never had that mother-son relationship since my mom died. "As much as I love Sue, this makes sense. It does feel different and I can live with that." "We have to talk to Charlie tonight, though," I admitted. "He's getting a little suspicious." "I'll be there with you, too," a voice from behind us said. I'd heard him coming. Embry stood there awkwardly. There was confusion and conflict, but I could see the guilt clearly. "I'm sorry, Quil." Quil shrugged, but his gaze never wavered from Embry's. A stare down ensued, manly style. "Why? Did Leah give you permission to forgive me?" Embry's eyes narrowed slightly. "No, but we talked it over. I was going to come find you no matter what. Look, we all freaked out and rightfully so, but you didn't deserve to be hammered like that. She knows it, though she isn't ready to face you, but I told her I needed to talk to you and that you were my best friend." Quil looked uncomfortable. None of us were used to baring feelings like this with each other. So, in true guy fashion, Quil just shrugged. "It's fine, I guess, but I owe you a punch to the face some day." And just like that, it was over. It wouldn't be so easy with Leah and Seth, though. That evening, Quil, Billy, and Sue came over to visit with Charlie. He looked confused, and said, "Sue? Quil, what are you doing here?" I squeezed Bella's hand when she flinched at Charlie's words. Embry, Leah, and Seth waited outside in support – and partially to keep calm in Leah's case – and we sat down with Charlie. He listened quietly as first I explained the truth about the legends and what imprinting was. Sue tried to explain her feelings, and his expression remained tight and occasionally bewildered. Finally, he just looked hurt which I knew was upsetting Bella. "I still love you," Sue assured him. "We're figuring this out as we go, but I don't want to leave you, Charlie. And I need you to know this is no one's fault." His gaze was hard as it landed on Quil. "This is a hell of a lot to dump on someone, but somehow it doesn't surprise me completely. You should have told me all this from the beginning, Billy. I deserved to know." Billy nodded regretfully. "I'm sorry you had to find out this way." "It's fucked up is what it is. Whatever this nonsense really is, it shouldn't involve children." He took it better than I expected, though he didn't want to be near anyone other than Bella. I kissed the top of Bella's head. "Go be with your dad, honey. I'll talk to you later, okay?" Bella gave us all a hug. "Charlie's a little upset, but I know he'll come around. Just give him a few days, Sue." Sue nodded, looking certain of that, so I knew it would be okay. She headed home after giving her kids and Quil a hug. "I'll see you tomorrow," I said to Seth and Leah. "Yeah, maybe we can get together and shoot the shit," Quil said, a bit hesitantly. Leah stared at him stony-faced and finally said, "Shove it up your ass, Ateara." The three of us laughed, knowing that was the best response Leah could give. She would fully forgive Quil in time. Embry and I grinned at each other as Quil spotted Mary near the trail opening with a friend. With his trademark smarmy grin on his face, he waved us off and headed over to her. She smiled eagerly at him in return. The pack, our family, would eventually continue on just like always.