of her skin right at the funeral." Jacob laughed humorlessly. "Stupid bitch tried to sneak up on us trying to catch us unawares." "Bad thing is, Charlie knows now. He knows everything. Expect to be grounded for life when you get home, Bella." Jake went on and talked for another ten minutes, but the elephant in the room grew larger by the minute. He was still mad at her and she did not blame him one bit. "How long do you think you need to stay here to sort things out Bells? The Service will be tomorrow afternoon right?" Jake inquired. She shook her head in confirmation. "It's at 11:00am" she simply stated. "Sam is giving me no longer than a week to 12 days tops; I just want you to know that." Jake had put his arm around her a few moments ago, and she was not shivering as much now and she simply leaned her head on his strong shoulder, closed her eyes and nodded in acknowledgement. "Okay, Jake! I am really glad that you are here with me." Her head turned upward as she was trying to gauge his mood. "So you have told me many times already, Bells. I am here to support you, no matter how mad I get at you sometimes. I am still always going to be there for you. Remember my promise, honey?" And remember she did, which only made her feel worse again. He is a much better friend to her than she ever was to him. She was hoping to change that. He deserved so much better. "I know we will be driving your mom's car back," Jake interrupted her thought process. "Are you sure Phil does not want it, given that his Sportcar is totaled?" Bella flinched, but told him that she was sure. "I am starving, Bells. Can we please get something to eat soon?" The comment came so suddenly at the same time as his stomach loudly grumbled and Bella could not help but laugh at him. "You just ate three sandwiches, Jake. Are you serious?" "Okay, let's go," she said quickly before Jake was able to say anything further. "I need to leave this house for a while anyway. It's really difficult being here, Jake. I never thought I would have to deal with something like this. Life can be so cruel and I am starting to realize that it can be just gone... in a blink of an eye. It hurts so much, Jake." Bella crawled up in Jake's lap to find his warmth and comfort and his strong arms completely encompassed her small frame. Regardless of his own feeling, he was going to give her what she needed most right now, a real friend. "We can go to the diner right across the street," she spoke into his chest. She felt secure and warm at this moment and really wanted to stay like this for the rest of the day, but after another fifteen minutes, Jake's stomach growled once more so she decided it was time to take care of him and his huge appetite. Slowly got up and walked to the bathroom to comb her hair again and wash her tear-dried face one more time as well. "Yeah, it's good to get outside" he said as they crossed the street to Dani's Diner . "I also thought that we could talk about the next few days a little. It will be a long ride home and I wanted to make sure that you take care of everything here first before we hit the road." ~oOo~ Renee had left a Will which said she didn't want to be buried somewhere and she wished that her ashes should be scattered into the ocean or on a beautiful meadow. The next morning, everything that Bella wanted to keep of Renee's things were stored away or stacked in Renee's car. Phil, Bella and Jacob went to the mortuary to pick up her urn. The body had already been cremated, and the ashes were placed in a beautiful white ceramic container. Bella's legs gave out under her when Phil put the white urn in her hands, but Jacob wrapped his arms around her quickly for support and was holding her upright. "We will find a good place for your mom," Jacob said to her. When she looked up at him, Bella saw through her own tears that he was crying too. The pain was almost unbearable, but Bella was glad in any case to hold her mom's urn close to her heart. Without a doubt, she would have never been able to go through any of this without Jacob's support. He has been her rock; he kept holding her up and constantly spoke reassuring words into her ear. She also could clearly see that he was in tremendous pain himself, remembering all too clear the loss of his own mom. Slowly all three of them left the mortuary and walked into the sunshine. The warmth immediately encased them and it felt good. A group of kids skitted by laughing loudly at something unknown to them and it reminded them how carefree life used to be for them. Both Bella and Jacob were forced to grow up too fast and Bella reminded herself that she brought on lots of heartache to herself. For her mom's sake, she vowed to slow down, enjoy life and appreciate the people who she loved dearly, and she would be a better friend to Jacob, that she was sure off. They reached the car holding each other's hands and placed the urn on the backseat of the car, Phil walked behind them, as he started joking that they better buckle the urn in good so that Renee won't fall off the seat! They all had to laugh a little through their tears, and were super careful buckling Renee in. They said their goodbyes and left for their long road trip back to Forks. ~oOo~