memory. "I don't even want babies. I just want his babies. Seriously, Alice, whoever gets to carry his sperm is like a goddess among women." "So hung up on him," she makes a tsk noise with her tongue. I kind of want to punch her. "We left things in a really great place between us. I would never take that back. He looks like he moved on pretty well. Just like I wanted." And I did want that. And I really wasn't hung up on him. I only felt like this when I saw him. Or when I was with another guy and they didn't measure up. She nods. "You're right. That was very mature of you." "One of us had to be." I warm my fingers on my mug. "True, but no one ever said I had to be mature." "What?" Her eyes flick over my shoulder. "Hi Edward!" she says, jumping out of her seat and giving him a hug. "Bella, look, it's Edward." I turn and he's there. Towering over me, broad and clothed. Still with the pretty green eyes. "Hi." "Hey," his voice is still deep, but it's different. More solid. I appraise the thick layer of stubble covering his chin. If I thought he was a man before I was wrong. The Merman had transformed in the last two years. Alice scuttles away but not before offering an explanation about seeing Edward on campus and how it was great to catch up and how my name came up and then she's giving him her seat. She's gone. Damn her. He fills the chair and half the table but the overgrown puppy phase is gone. He's graceful and sleek outside the water just like he used to be inside. "How have you been? " I ask, because I'm the adult here and I can do this. "Pretty good, you?" "Okay. School's tough." His knee brushes against mine under the table. "Yeah, it is." "Still pre-med?" I want to take a drink but I'm afraid my hands will shake and give me away. A line appears between his eyes and he nods. "You remembered." "Of course I did. I remember everything about you." "I remember everything about you, too. So much that sometimes I thought I made it up." His eyes fix me with a stare. Like he's making sure I'm real. His words catch me off guard and I have no idea what to say. Edward too is quiet and he leans back in his chair and runs his hands through his hair. "You messed me up," he eventually says and a wave of guilt slams into me. I knew it was possible and I hate myself for it. I start to sputter out an apology but he stops me. "Not because of what you—we—did, but because of who you are." "I don't know what that means," I say but an uneasy feeling settles into my chest. He laughs darkly. His face is tense and serious. I've never seen him like this before. It makes him even more gorgeous, which makes him dangerous. "It means I was okay with everything that happened. That was, and probably will be, the best summer of my life. I came up here and did exactly what you said. I charmed everyone. My grades were excellent. I had my pick of girls and fraternities. I partied and went to football games. I slept with whoever I wanted. I was picky and I treated them well, just like you taught me, and everything should have been fine." "But it wasn't?" He shakes his head and lowers his voice. "No. It wasn't. None of those girls could compare. They weren't you. I had a taste of the woman I wanted and she was gone." I stare at the table and I can feel his eyes boring through me. I take a deep breath and say, "For what it's worth, I've missed you, too." "Don't," he says. His hand covers mine. "Don't say something you don't mean." "I'm serious. What was supposed to be about me fooling around with the young hottie turned me inside out. Ask Alice." I look around the room, feeling self-conscious. "Can we go outside?" "Sure." We grab our things and he follows me out of the coffee shop. Outside the door, I move in front of a closed shop next door. "I told you that summer, that night. You got under my skin. I thought it was just sex and I thought I was doing you this big favor. Instead, I think I started something I couldn't shut down." "Then don't." "What are you talking about Edward? That was then. That was wrong." I want to say to him that he's just a kid, but it's a lie. He's a man and he's standing in front of me. The current between us is charged, like always. It's like nothing has changed, except everything has. "Don't shut me out. Let's test this outside the confines of that summer. Let's see how now compares with then." His smile is sincere, but his eyes…they want more. And I know already I'm going to cave. "Let me take you home and get you naked. If it's a bad idea, at least we both get laid." "True…" I say, dragging it out. "My apartment has a pool, you know, if that makes you more comfortable." "I'm not having sex with you at your complex pool, Edward." My arm is already linked with his. I knew I was a slutty, whorish, cradle robber. "So you say." "I'm not." "Okay." This is what happens when you seduce a boy—he knows you'll put out. I stop and look up at him. He's all cute and happy and he has that look in his eye that says I'll probably get laid later tonight. "Okay, fine, I'll consider it. One condition though." "Anything." "You wear the Speedo." "Done." Thanks for reading-it's been fun. See you around the deep end~angel