will not grant his request of marriage. Papa only wants the best for his ragazzina." "Alright." I relented in a quiet voice. "Did you see Emmett's friend that came for a visit today?" "Edward? Of course. He stopped to say hello before leaving. I have known his family for years and he was Emmett's roommate at college, don't you remember?" "No, I didn't recognize him or recall his name." "He is bello, yes?" "Yes, very handsome indeed." I agreed without hesitation. I looked at my mother with wide eyes, shocked she played me as she just did. "Mama!" "His family didn't come to our home, his mother and I would meet for lunch. They are not like us which is why you don't remember him, Esme is careful with her boy. He will be coming to dinner tomorrow night though. We should go shopping before he arrives, buy you a new dress." She grinned as she walked off to find my father. X "Bella, if your father catches you he will be displeased." "Well I am displeased with him for allowing that hideous man inside the restaurant, let alone sitting down to have dinner with him." "Don't be so dramatic." I ignored my mother who swatted me with a cloth napkin, clucking her tongue as she left me alone to spy on the three men. Papa, Emmett, and James were seated at a table in a quiet corner with only a few guards nearby. James was talking steadily while my father grunted occasionally, his focus was on the food before him. Emmett just looked bored. I grinned when he noticed me and shook his finger at me slightly without our Papa catching him. I left to help my mother monitor the servers, deciding to go to my father later. "Papa!" I bombarded him as soon as the dinner was over and he entered his office where I had been waiting for him. James already left for who knows where and Emmett to the docks. "Gattina, what are you doing hiding in the shadows?" "Please, what did James want?" "Come, sit with your Papa." He chuckled as he sat in his chair, patting his knee. I allowed him a small smile as I walked to him, sitting on his knee just as I did when I was a little girl. "Ti amo, Bella. You must trust your Papa." "I wont marry him." I stated even though I knew better. "You will do as your told." He gave me a warning look. "I always have your best interest at heart. James will be coming to the house tomorrow after dinner to hear my answer." "You will not tell me what it is before he arrives?" He just winked at me with a light laugh and kissed my cheek. "You are being cruel." I complained. "Never to my principessa." "Let me choose my own husband!" "I would be in the ground before you ever found a man that met your high expectations." "Is it my fault there isn't a man as perfect as my Papa?" I grinned, this time causing him to laugh loudly. "You are just like your mother. Sweet talking your way through life." "Who is this Edward that is coming to dinner tomorrow?" "Edward Cullen?" "I am unaware of his last name. Mama said he went to college with Emmett." "Ah, I was unaware he would be visiting tomorrow." "He stopped by to visit with Emmett this evening and said hello to Mama, she must have invited him then." "His grandfather is Antonio Masini." "Nonno Toni?" "The very same." "I don't understand! We see him every year we are in Italy, how have I never met Edward before if his own grandfather treats me as his?" "Antonio's daughter Esme is Edward's mother. She left for America and fell in love, choosing to leave behind our lifestyle. She never wanted Edward to know of the old ways, to keep him innocent." "Hmph, sounds like a prude." "Isabella, don't speak ill of your elders." He scolded, though I could see the humor in his eyes. "She believes she is protecting her child from a life of illegal activities ." "Nonno Toni said he has no sons, who will take over for him if Edward is unaware?" "This is of no concern of yours. Why all the questions of this young man?" "I was just curious is all." "Does my figlia have an eye on this Masini?" "Papa, please." "It wouldn't be a bad match." "You talk as if I am a breeding mare. All I hear from everyone is so and so would make a good match." "Hush now. Why don't you go home and get some rest?" "Yes, Papa." I sighed heavily, annoyed at being dismissed yet again. "You are to beautiful to look so sullen, smile Isabella." I stuck my tongue out at him but smiled after and bid goodnight as I left his office. X I lay in bed hours later feeling restless. Thoughts of Edward refusing to leave me in peace. His eyes neither cold nor warm as he spoke with me, causing me to become more curious about the man. The information my father gave me, that Edward was of family; perhaps that means I have a chance? Where in the world did that thought come from? I have been adamant about not marrying, and here I am thinking of tying myself to a man I had just met. A man who spoke less than ten words to me and seemed uninterested. The idea of him being unaffected by me just made me sneer into my dark bedroom. I would make him interested. He would be crazed for me by the time I was finished. Hopefully by then my infatuation of him would be over. X Cigno - Swan Fratello – Brother rumoroso - noisy Bambini – babies ragazzina ;little girl Ti amo – I love you Nonno – grandfather' figlia – daughter Gattina - little cat