I hurt you too bad, I have never spanked a vampire before " Edward: " no.. I mean.. I.. eh.. " I looked down and bit my lip… Carlisle: " you don't have to be embarrassed son " I looked up at him Edward: " Carlisle, I'm so mortified… I can't believe you… did that to me… " he nodded. " b-but I know that I d-deserved it, I disobeyed you, and lied to you, and you've done so much for me, and this is how I repay you, and I'm very sorry " I looked back down… he walked over to me and looked back up at him and flinched and backed away.. His face fell and he got down onto his knee and cupped my face into his hands. Carlisle: " please don't be afraid of me son.. I love you so much, and you are forgiven for everything, please don't flinch away from me, I'll never hit you anywhere besides your bottom " Edward: " ugh.. don't remind me! " I said embarrassed.. he smiled Carlisle: " Can I hug you? " I nodded and he pulled me into a hug I smiled and buried my face into his shoulder.. " I love you " Edward: " I love you too dad " I said softly.. he gasped a little.. and pulled back to look into my eyes.. " I'm sorry that I tried manipulating you earlier.. it was wrong. but you've been more of a dad to me then anyone I've ever known, and I love you " He smiled and pulled me back into another hug Carlisle: " I've been waiting so long to hear you say that to me son, I love you more then anything! " I smiled Edward: " Do you care if.. I call you that all the time? " Carlisle: " nothing would make me happier " Edward: " Thanks dad " he stood up and kissed my forehead Carlisle: " Can you tell me why you did it?… the real reason? " I sighed.. Edward: " I thought you were a softy and you'd just let me off the hook.. " I said awkwardly.. he chuckled.. Carlisle: " looks like you were mistaken " I pouted Edward: " Dad… are you going to punish me like that again? " if I could blush, I would be blushing right now this is still so awkward to me. he sighed and sat next to me.. Carlisle: " Edward, I know you didn't like it at all, but son… if I need to spank you again, then I won't hesitate, especially when it comes to your safety" Edward: " but I don't want to be punished like that " I said softly Carlisle: " Nobody likes being punished Edward, that's the point, that's how you learn " Edward: " But I'm never gonna do it again " he smiled Carlisle: " I'm afraid you just proved my point son " I pouted… Edward: " then I will do it again ".. He grabbed my arms and pulled me up and landed a hard smack on my bottom " Daddy! OWWWWW! " I cried, reaching back and rubbing my bottom " what was that for? " Carlisle: " That's to make sure you won't do it again " he said pulling me into a hug. My butt hurts sooo bad! Next Day: I walked through the front door and my father was there to greet me as soon as I walked Inside, he is always there when I leave, and when I get home. He smiled warmly at me and pulled me into a tight hug, rubbing my back Carlisle: " Son, how was your day? " Edward: " it was great " I said half-truthfully Carlisle: " how are you doing with the blood cravings? I know its not easy for you " I rolled my eyes. Edward: " It's getting easier " Carlisle: " how is your bottom? " I groaned.. Edward: " Daadddy! I don't want to talk about it! " I said embarrassed.. he smiled ' oh how I love my boy.. I wish he would call me daddy more often ' I heard in his thoughts… I couldn't help but smile. Carlisle: " Do you want to go for a hunt? " I nodded Edward: " yes sir, just let me go put my stuff in my room" he nodded " dad… let me go? " he was still hugging me.. He sighed and let me go and I walked upstairs ' My son, I love him so much ' I heard him think as I walked upstairs, I can't even believe how much he truly loves me. I opened my bedroom door and there was a stack of new beautiful books on my bed. I gasped and ran over to them.. Edward: " THANK YOU DADDY! " I said excitedly. Carlisle: " anything for you my baby boy " they were all books that I have mentioned lately. plus a few more that he thought I would enjoy. I placed my backpack on the bed and I tried sitting down but I couldn't handle the soreness in my butt.. sitting at a desk all day was torture. I pouted and laid down on my stomach and started admiring the books, getting totally lost in one of them until I heard a soft knock on my doorframe a couple chapters in. and my eyes widened when I realized I was supposed to go hunting… Edward: " I'm sorry Carlisle, I didn't mean it.. I just was so excited to start this book " Carlisle: " it's okay Edward, we will go hunting later " he said walking over and kissing my head " I love you my boy " I smiled Edward: " I love you too Dad " Carlisle: " I'll be in my study, come get me when you're ready son " I smiled and nodded.