him that he was right. That the two shapeshifters in front of her had been right. Mary had a difficult choice. She either would be forced to make Collin human or she would have to make him listen to her. .-~**~-. Collin was intrigued. In the blink of an eye he'd gone from miserable and angry to curious. He'd taken a break. He had considered each dead person he knew. Then he'd dived into their memories. This time was different though. Instead of seeing the memories from the perspective of the dead person Collin was watching over the scene. He'd never experienced a memory like this. He was in the corner of a large room. A room he vaguely recognized from his mother and aunt's memories. The throne room. Volterra. He watched with interest as a group of people piled into the room, people of all ages. Men, women, and children. Among them all Collin immediately recognized a young girl. He knew who she was. He recognized his mother. Only ten years old. Too young. He didn't need to guess what this was. He'd never seen this but he didn't need to guess. The day his grandparents died. The day his mother was taken. He looked at the thrones where three different men sat. He had seen the Volturi once. In one of his aunt's memories. He'd seen the three men in the thrones die. Now he was seeing where it all began. He remembered the story. Aro saw her. Aro took her. Aro saved her. Except Aro wasn't paying attention to her. Collin began to worry. He moved across the room so he was standing in front of Aro's throne then turned to face him. Aro was staring at the ceiling. He wasn't acknowledging the presence of the humans. "What are you doing?" This was a memory. It was pointless to talk to him. It didn't stop him though. "Save the girl! Save my mother!" Aro blinked. Almost as though he'd heard Collin. That wasn't possible. It was only a memory. It was just a coincidence. Aro looked through him, tilting his head slightly. He rose to his feet and stepped through Collin. He turned around and watched as Aro darted to Bella, lifting her up into his arms and pulling her out of the room. He couldn't help but follow her. He watched his mother fight and struggle against Aro and couldn't help but turn his head to watch He couldn't turn his head away as the torches in the large room went out. He heard the screams from the confused humans and he saw as every vampire in the room went from standing around to diving into the group of humans. He tried to stay with them, he wanted to stay with the group. He couldn't though. He was pulled along by an invisible wall. He was bound to his mother's mind. Her memories. The sounds of the screaming slowly faded as he was pulled around a corner. He'd seen memories here before. Each corridor in the lower half of the city ingrained into him. Every memory of his mother's life here etched into him. It was all he had left. Suffering through years of his mother's childhood. Up until that disturbing kiss. Collin couldn't help but enjoy the memory of Aro's death. It was satisfying. After years of manipulation and emotional torture the death of the man that caused it was satisfying. Except. His mind wandered back to his actions from before. What had happened? He'd seen that happen before. Always from his mother's perspective. He had just impacted the event as a third party. Why did this bother him? What was different? Never once before had he been a third party. He'd impacted the events. Or at least that was what it had appeared to be. He turned around as the wall stopped pulling him. His mother wasn't struggling. She wasn't fighting. Aro had set her down in the middle of a corridor and she was staring up at him with big brown eyes. "It's alright, Isabella." He knelt in front of the girl. "Where are my parents!" She yelled at him, her voice said all he needed to know. She was scared. Scared of the strange man. Scared of the things that we're happening. Scared of the screaming she'd heard. "They're leaving you here for a bit. They'll come back for you soon." Collin knew that was a lie. They'd never come back. They were dead. Just like she was dead. He wanted her to know. He needed her to know. The truth. It was painful. But it had to be there. If he really could impact the memories. She needed to know. He walked across the ground and spoke into her ear. "They aren't coming back. They won't come back. They're dead." She didn't react to his words. It didn't stop him. "Dol. Daula Marin Uley. Wake up. Bella needs you. She will need you." The words came effortlessly. He wasn't sure where they came from but he had to say them. His mother nodded to the vampire, whispering softly, "okay." The world around him sank away as something in the outside world touched his arm. The hardest choice I made when starting this story was who it would be about. I had four different starts total, one about Brady, one about Daula, and one about Mary. Then there was this one. The one where I killed off Bella at the start. The one I could work with. This one allows me to do what I want to do with the story. We will learn more about Mary as well as learning some of the backstories that I haven't touched on before. I want to warn you that I won't do frequent updates on this story purely because I'm working on my original fiction as well as cleaning up Blood so that some of the facts from the start correspond with later statements.