pictures of them together dating back years. This wasn't a new development. "Bella, you can't stay there," Rosalie reasoned. "I know." "You need to leave now." "I know." "Do you need help? Do you think you'll be safe?" "Actually…" I hesitated. "What is it, sweetie?" "I don't have enough money to go anywhere," I admitted. "Don't worry about it. Where do you want to go? Do you want to come here?" "I… I think… I'd like to go home. To Forks," I specified. "Alright. You go and pack a bag, take a cab, and call me when you get to the airport." "Rosalie got me a ticket on the first available flight to Seattle and booked me into a hotel there. She also called my parents, and they came to pick me up the next day," I conclude. "And that brings me here." "What an asshole!" Edward exclaims angrily. "Wait till I get my hands on him…" I'm surprised by his strong emotions, but chalk it up to good manners and beer. Ben looks at me concerned and asks if there are any legal options for me to get some compensation. There aren't, because we weren't married, and I was a consenting adult. I assure them all that I am fine and just need some time to get back on my feet. "Well, I for one am glad you moved back here," Angela says, smiling. "Even though it must suck living with your parents after so many years on your own, at least you're on familiar grounds. And I'm sure we'll all keep our eyes open for job opportunities for you." After thanking her for that, and assuring everyone once more that I truly am okay, the conversation moves to more neutral topics. Before I know it, the DJ calls out last round and we prepare to leave. "Can I drive you home?" Edward offers while Ben settles the tab and Angela is retrieving our coats. I start to decline, not wanting to impose, but he presses on, "It really is no trouble. I'm staying at my parents' until I find my own place again. Nasty break-up," he clarifies. "Anyway, they live in Forks, so I'd only have to walk a few blocks max. And I'm sorry, but I can't let you drive after all the cocktails you've had." "What about your car?" "I came here with Ben. Really, Bella, it's no trouble." I concede, and we say good night to Angela and Ben. I dig my keys out of my purse and point out my car – well, my mom's car – in the lot. Once we're settled in, he takes off in the direction of Forks. "Hey, Bella?" Edward's soft voice breaks the silence of the car interior. "Yeah?" I say, turning to face him, becoming mesmerized once again by the intensity of his eyes, even in the relative darkness. "Angela said something in the bar that had me wondering…" He doesn't continue straight away, and it takes me a moment to realize he's waiting for me to allow him to do so, so I nod. "When you mentioned that James guy, she said 'Another J'. What does that mean?" I giggle a little before I explain, "It means I've dated several guys whose name start with J-A, and none of those relationships were very successful." "Maybe you were dating the wrong letter of the alphabet," he says so lowly I'm not sure if he intends for me to hear it. I'm tempted to ask him what he means by that, but also scared that my buzz is clouding my judgment and I might read too much into this, so I let it drop. When we reach Forks city limits I direct him to my house. "I didn't realize you were the police chief's daughter," he admits. I don't bother responding because, really, what answer can I give that wouldn't be lame? So we sit in the car while he idles in front of the house. For some reason I'm reluctant to get out of the car. After several minutes Edward clears his throat. "Uhm… can I take your number?" he asks shyly. He seems to mistake my surprise for hesitation, because he rushes to elaborate. "It's just, we both recently moved back here, and I feel like we hit it off this evening. I'd like to get to know you better –" "Edward, it's fine," I interrupt him. "Just give me your phone." I program my number, then dial it, and program his in my own phone. "Here you go. I'd love to hang out with you sometime." My smile is genuine, and his returning one is relieved. Empowered by it, I boldly lean in to kiss his check. He moves, and I catch his lips instead, but I don't pull away immediately. His lips are soft and pliable, and I feel the pull towards him intensify. There's no rush, though, and no tongue. Just our lips, gently pressed together. Eventually I sit back in my seat, pick up my purse and open the door. "I should go in," I say. He follows my lead, locks the car and walks around it to hand me back the keys. "Good night, Edward," I whisper, then turn around to walk up to front steps to the house. "Good night," he replies before I'm out of earshot. He waits until I'm inside to walk away down the street. When I'm getting into bed, my phone vibrates with an incoming text. Made it home in one piece. Sleep well, Bella. I hope to see you again soon. X Edward. My grin is wide as I read it, and I remember one of the posters I saw in the bar restroom. When the world says, "Give up," Hope whispers, "Try it one more time." Before I can chicken out, I type a reply. Now is as good a time as ever, right? Good to hear. Sweet dreams, Edward. Call me tomorrow. xx