later." I looked at him confused. Was he still talking about him or someone else? He looked like he was about to explain when Jason and Jasper came up to us. "Hey Edward can Jason and I have a word with you? Sorry Bells." asked Jasper politely. Edward nodded and walked off with my brothers but not before giving me a look that had 'I'm sorry' written all over it. I went and sat down at the table I had occupied with Edward before he asked me to dance. I already have feelings for this guy I barely knew and it kind of scared me. I meet this man and in about an hour I develop feelings that I probably shouldn't have yet. I shook my head and waited for my brothers and Edward to come back. After fifteen minutes passed, Edward came back, alone. His eyes were sad until they met mine. His green met my brown and brightened up. He held out his hand for me to take. I gently placed my hand in his and got up off the chair. I stumbled for a minute and started to fall. I was prepared for the fall knowing that Jason and Jasper weren't around to catch me until I felt two arms wrap themselves around my waist keeping me balanced. "Bella, your brothers want to take you home. They need to talk to you about something at your house. I just wanted to say goodnight and goodbye." I nodded. He kept my hand in his and brought my hand to his lips to place a kiss on my hand like a gentleman. "I had a fantastic time with you, Bella. You made this dance just that much more bearable. Goodnight. I hope you have sweet dreams, Bella." said Edward, kissing my hand one last time. "Thank you and goodnight to you as well, Edward." I replied starting to walk away when I heard my name being called. "Bella!" yelled Edward, not quite so loud everyone could hear him but loud enough that I could hear him myself. "You really do look beautiful tonight, Bella. I just wanted you to know that." complimented Edward. Crimson red fell upon my cheeks as I left the room, still thinking about his compliment. I met up with Jason and Jasper and got into our transport. The ride was silent. Whatever Jase and Jazz had to tell me, they were not looking forward to telling me about. The silence though gave me time to think over tonight's events. Every time I thought of the grand ballroom, all I could think of were the emerald green eyes and their owner. Edward's face, his musical voice wouldn't leave my mind. I think he just became a permanent resident and I don't think that is a good thing. We arrived home and got out silently and walked slowly into the house. I knew whatever was going to be said was something that I would rather not hear. Something is going on. Edward was sad, upset. He probably knew and that is what Jazz and Jase wanted to talk to him about. Edward was definitely in on it. I just wonder if our parents happen to know about it. "Don't you two think we should wait until Mother and Father get home to start talking?" I asked wanting to stall whatever could end up upsetting me in a fairly good mood. My brothers shook their heads, knowing exactly what I was doing. "They already know what we are about to tell you. They actually suggested we come find you and tell you. I'm sorry, Bells, that it couldn't wait." said Jasper. I nodded, understanding. "It's alright. Let me hear it. What do you two have to tell me?" I asked. My brothers glanced at each other before turning their attention toward me. "You have heard about the War while you were at school, right?" asked Jase. I feared this subject. I could already sense the bad news coming. My stomach became uneasy. I nodded. "Well since we're eighteen and over, Bells, we are qualified to go help out in the war. As you know from our letters we signed the papers and everything and all we had to do was wait for someone to tell us we're going to Europe to help." Jazz continued. I waited for the words, the words that would crush me, crush what we had. "Bells, we got the telegram yesterday asking Jase and me to pack our bags and report for duty. Bells, we've been asked to join the war." Jasper finished. My eyes welled up in tears. I knew this was coming. I knew this was coming. I knew this was coming, my mind kept repeating to myself. Salt water tears fell from my eyes and ran down my cheeks. I wanted to ask when they had to go but I couldn't quite get the words out between my sobs. I was now more scared than ever. "How much time do you guys have?" I asked them through sobs. Jasper's eyes and Jase's eyes filled with tears too but able to keep them from rolling off their cheeks. "Three days." answered Jase with tears in his eyes. His voice broke at the end of the sentence. Jasper and Jason tried to pull me into an embrace but I couldn't look at them right now. I was too upset. I wished they never would have enlisted in the army. I ran up the stairs, without falling surprisingly, and into my room. I ran over to my bed, pressing my face into the pillow so no one could see my tears. My brothers, they were everything to me. Why did it have to happen now when I just got them back? This is horrible because I can't do anything to help. This news is terrible most of all because the next three days could be the last days I will ever see them again.