that for me. I didn't want him gaining Bella as a friend or romantic partner or anything. He already had her as a friend, and I knew that much more of it would spell trouble to Alice and Bella's friendship. I stood up and looked at the maps, running my finger over the part of Brooklyn where Miss Swan lived. Then I turned to my men. "He will be dead. Tonight. I'm ordering a hit. Call Rodriguez, he's the best shot we got." I knew the routine, Every Tuesday, Edward and Bella hung out. If not at her house, he'd be in the area, and I intended to kill him tonight. We rushed to Brooklyn, parking down the block from Bella's house. They weren't there, the lack of lights on proved that much. "He must be out and about. He'll be back." His protective nature would be his downfall. If they went out, Edward always walked Bella to her door. I only knew this because as a mob boss, I need to know what others are doing. I had a recon team follow him for a few days, and the result was the same when they hung out. My hitman saw them first, clicking his tongue against the roof of his mouth and taking aim. "Wait, let's get closer." My driver pulled up closer to the pair, still walking toward Bella's house. "Go when you have a shot," I muttered, unhappy that Bella was there, not really wanting her to see this. I definitely cared about her, her feelings mattered to me, and I wanted to make her happy. This was the same way with Alice, but different. It was deeper with Alice, for sure, but there nonetheless with Bella. He rolled down his window, and at that moment, Bella looked up. We locked eyes for a moment, before she turned and saw the gun. In that moment, I knew she saw me, and I knew the fighter in her would try and save Edward, possibly at the cost of her own life. It was too late. I blinked, heard screaming, and then the gun shot. It was done. Bella After the movie was finished, Edward and I went to grab a bite to eat. There was a cute malt shop just across the street from the theater. We got milkshakes and dinner. I got a cheeseburger and Edward got a hamburger. I swear, we spent 20 minutes arguing over whether there's a difference- there is. He slid his credit card into the waitress' hands before I could pull mine out, and I slapped him lightly on the shoulder, "I could have paid, you know!" He shrugged and got his receipt back. I hopped off of the barstool I was sitting at and walked with him out the front door. We talked extensively on the walk home about music and movies. We also discussed our futures. "I think I'll just be an ADA until I die," I joked. He grunted and retorted, "and I'll be a mob boss until I die, we'll always be at odds, Isabella!" I played a song for him from a band I was interested in seeing. "Ah, good band, La Dispute, right?" I nodded, excited he recognized them. We turned onto my street. Just four more houses and I would be home, ready to go to bed. Something didn't feel quite right, though. I heard a rumble, and knew it was a car. The sound was all wrong; though, it was lingering too much. I looked up and saw a car I recognized. Jasper's car? I had to be sure. I looked for Jasper, eventually meeting his gaze. He was in the backseat. So then who was in the front? I shifted my attention and found myself staring a gun down the barrel. I felt a swift kick of adrenaline. Not today. What the fuck? "NO! EDWARD!" I pushed him as fast as I could. I felt a sting in my stomach, and then heard a loud bang. I looked down and saw blood. "You killed me…" I whimpered to the backseat of the car, falling to my knees while tracking the sedan as it sped away. Edward was by my side in an instant. "I feel like I'm dying." I said, but for some reason, I laughed. He looked incredibly concerned and picked up his phone, talking to someone on the other line. Looking at my wound. "Hey, I'll be okay. Just walk me up to my door?" And then there was blackness… There were fuzzy memories every few seconds. Like a TV show playing in slow motion. I felt like everything was spinning, I wanted to get off the spinny ride. I was going to throw up. And then there was more blackness. "Isabella…" blackness. "Stay…" blackness. "DAMNIT, YOU STAY WITH ME, ISABELLA." I didn't understand why he was sobbing, crouching over me, holding me. I placed my hand where it hurt, on my stomach, and I looked down. A vibrant red was spread over my hand, glistening in the pale moonlight mixed with soft porch light of my neighbor. It was a friendly color. My vision got hazy, and I didn't feel pain anymore. I looked up at Edward again, reading fear in his face. I wanted to reassure him. I was sleepy, but I was okay. "CARLISLE," Edward screamed, wheels screeched, and car doors opened. It was silent except for the screams. Hurried footsteps, and then the light was gone. I used the remainder of my strength to make a hushing noise with my mouth, and placed my hand on Edward's cheek. I was alright. And then there was blackness. And then there were voices. And then it was black. And then there were lights, and cries, "Damnit, what do you mean? BRING HER BACK." And then there was nothing. A/N Well, I hope you guys enjoyed that! Please leave a review so I know if you guys like this story!