soon. "Did you need Edward for something?" Carlisle asked. She shook her head. Bella really just wanted to see him one last time. When she'd finished eating, she packed her bag and scribbled a note on a piece of stationery she'd found in the desk drawer in her room. She thanked the Cullens for their hospitality and snuck one of her pies from the kitchen. She wanted to hand deliver the treat to Edward herself. She stashed her bag in her vehicle before walking the path to Edward's cabin, carrying her pie proudly. Bella tapped on his door several times, hoping the thick oak would open and her handsome, green-eyed man would be standing there half-dressed, asking her for round two. But silence met her knocks and soon she was reduced to hoping he'd find her gift. Bella placed the Mile High Apple Pie on Edward's doorstop, then laid the note on top, turning to leave with a heavy sigh. She had hoped to see him before she left, but she would have to settle with cherishing the best memories of her life. It had been an amazing night. Bella had not only found a sense of peace with the season and enjoyed the company of a gorgeous mountain man, but Esme had told her how impressed they were with Sweetie Pies, and they'd be thrilled to offer them the Cullen Mountain B&B contract. Bella smiled as she walked down the driveway. She was ready for Rose to throw away the book of Absolutes by Bella Swan . She was ready to move on and not look back. She felt rejuvenated. When Edward heard Bella's Suburban drive away, he let out a frustrated groan and walked to the front door. He had wanted to see her—badly, but he was still angry and hurt by what he'd overheard. However, he did want to see what Bella had been up to on his front step; he'd heard rustling and several heavy sighs through the open den window before she left. When he opened the door and saw the pie box with a note attached, he had a moment of regret for not answering her knock. He knew he should have talked to her, at least to ask the myriad of questions running through his head. After a slight hesitation and a deep breath, he reached for the note and opened it. Edward, Thank you for helping me to see the beauty of autumn again on Cullen Mountain. ~ Sweetie Pie Edward stood frozen for a moment, just staring at the note, before he realized what a foolish man he'd been. It'd been a long time since a woman had made him feel, well, anything, and he'd be damned if he was going to let his insecurities come into play. Edward wanted Bella, and to hell with Jake and what he had overhead. He ran inside and grabbed the keys for his Harley. The rumble it made when Edward started the machine gave him a powerful adrenaline rush, and he gripped the handlebars tighter as he tore out the driveway. He knew how to drive and that he could catch Bella; she couldn't have gotten that far. As he sped down the road, memories of their night together flashed through his mind and that made him accelerate to catch her faster. It wasn't long before he could see her Suburban in the distance, and he revved harder to catch up to her. When he reached the back of her vehicle, he blew his horn and waved his arm, indicating she should pull over. Bella had seen a motorcycle coming up fast behind her, but assumed it would pass. She wasn't a speed demon, and she had decided to take her time going home, so she could enjoy the beauty of fall on the mountain once again. When Bella looked in the rearview mirror and saw the driver of the motorcycle waving his one arm frantically, she started to panic. She had no idea who it was or what they would want with her. Edward realized there was no way for Bella to know it was him, so he pulled up alongside her vehicle and flipped up his visor. Bella did a double-take when she looked over and up into the face of the bike's driver, realizing it was Edward in all his motorcycle glory. She immediately slowed and pulled to the side of road. She had no idea what he wanted, but she was thrilled to see him. He parked behind her Suburban and removed his helmet, and before he could dismount his bike, Bella had jumped out of her vehicle and she was at his side. "Hey." Edward ran his hand down her arm, lacing his fingers with hers. "I missed you." "I've only been gone fifteen minutes." She grinned at the man who, in that moment, looked vulnerable. "I missed your warm skin on mine this morning after you left, and I missed that sweet smile." He lifted his chin motioning to the one playing on her face. "And I fucking miss kissing you." Edward squeezed her hand, and with his other one threaded his fingers through her hair at the nape of her neck, pulling her in for a kiss. Bella melded into his lips. She had been waiting for years to matter to someone, to be loved. The kiss had meaning. It was more than a one-night stand. It held promise of a future. When the kiss ended, Bella licked her lips and looked into Edward's eyes. "If you're here for cherry pie, you've pulled over the wrong vehicle." Edward tickled her and pulled her onto his bike, facing him. "I'm here for something a little sweeter than pie." Host's Note: Thank you for reading, and please don't forget to review. Public voting runs November 7th to November 13th. Please remember to keep this contest anonymous by not leaving hints or theories as to who the author may be.