own. I am lost in him. Right now, right here, everything else be damned, I am his. He starts a slow torturous pace as he pulls and pushes in and out of me. I'm already clenching around him and he's hardly started. "Fuck, you're so fucking tight. I could stay buried in your sweet pussy forever," he says as his one hand runs up my back and into my hair. "More," I moan. "Please..." "More what, naughty girl?" "You," I whimper as his hand winds through my hair and he pulls me back against his chest sharply. "Harder...I need...harder..." "Harder?" he asks as he kisses and bites my shoulder and my neck, still moving in me at a leisurely pace. "You want me to fuck that little pussy harder? Can you handle it?" he asks and I can hear his voice quivering. "I need to know." "Yes," I breathe, struggling to move in his grip, trying to find some way to extinguish this fire burning me up inside. He lets my hair go, his hand pushing me down again on all fours and I lean forward, pushing myself against him, adjusting my stance to widen my legs more. "Beautiful, so fucking beautiful," he murmurs as he runs his hands over my ass before gripping my hips again. "Hold on tight, naughty girl," he says and then he slams into me with a dizzying force, the oh so deliciously big size of his cock grinding against my inner walls as he does it again. He pulls out completely but just before I want to scream in protest, he thrusts back into me again. "Touch yourself," he says gruffly as he picks up his pace. "Fuck, I need you to touch yourself. I'm not going to last long. I need you to come with me." His voice is a covetous plea. I move my hand down and start rubbing fast hard circles around my swollen throbbing clit. My fingers touch him as he rocks into me hard and fast. "Yeah, just like that, naughty girl...can you feel what you do to me?" His voice is pushing me closer to the edge with every word and I rub myself faster, my mouth watering at the pressure building inside as he hits me just right every time. "You make me so fucking hard it's painful...Jesus...I need you to fucking come..." His hands grip me harder and I know tomorrow I'll be bearing the marks. That thought, coupled with my fingers and his ongoing assault sends me crashing. "Holy fuck!" I almost scream as my entire being seizes up and I clench around him, feeling every fucking wonderful inch of him as I spectacularly climax with ferocious intensity. "Fuck...fuck...fuck..." he groans as he pumps into me once more and pulls me hard against him as he stills, emptying himself inside of me as deep as he can. That feeling right there, that most intimate moment of his release sends my emotions spiraling and I can't help the sob that rips through my lips. He pulls out of me immediately and lies down next to me, pulling me against him. "Sssshh, it's okay, baby," he whispers and I can hear the tears in his voice. "I'm here now." I look up at him then and fuck, the tears come faster as I run my fingers over his tear stricken cheek and over his mouth. He kisses my fingertips as they pass before he pulls me closer to him and his lips find mine with passion and strangled longing. His tongue runs along my lips and I open for him as my tongue darts forward to meet his in an exquisite moment of unbridled love. "God, I've dreamt of this moment for so fucking long. I was so scared...so scared I'd come back to find you'd moved on." "Oh, Edward," I sigh against his neck. "There was never a moment in my mind that I didn't believe you'd find a way to come back to me. Moving on was never an option." I look up at him then. "Is that why...I mean...why have you been watching me?" He smiles sadly as he runs his fingers through my hair. "I had to be sure, Bella. I needed to see that you hadn't moved on. If you had...if I saw you were happy..." "You would have walked away," I whisper and just the thought brings on my tears again. "Hey, hey," he says softly as he cups my face. "None of that matters, baby. I'm here...I'm here and I fucking promise you I will never leave you again." His voice is filled with the same conviction I see in his tear filled green eyes and fuck, I can't do anything but believe him because he's never lied to me before. "What happened, Edward?" I ask as questions start flooding my mind. "They couldn't find you. The bomb..." But he silences me as he leans forward and kisses me again. "Tomorrow," he whispers against my lips. "I'll tell you everything tomorrow. We have all the time in the world to talk about the past, Bella. But right now," he breathes as he rolls us and he settles his weight over me, "Right now all I want to do is make love to my beautiful wife." And I don't argue as he kisses me again. I don't argue as he rediscovers every inch of my body. I don't argue when he enters me again, making sweet sweet love to me as we purge our souls of lonely nights and terrifying dreams. He's right. Right now, the most important thing is that he's found his way back to me. The past can wait for tomorrow because the present is all that matters. Host's Note: Thank you for reading, and please don't forget to review. Public voting runs November 7th to November 13th. Please remember to keep this contest anonymous by not leaving hints or theories as to who the author may be.