nub barely disguising his desire. A moan of pleasure emitted from Bella's throat and Caius snickered "My little vixen likes to play doesn't she?" Bella began to whimper as his fingers gained entrance to her panties skillfully stroking her already weeping entrance. It was just a matter of moments before Bella began to writhe under his ministration engrossed by her cravings. "Good girl" he said. Bella regarded her mate through the dreamy slits of her eyes and realized that his eyes were no longer crimson but a dark burgundy. Without forewarning he brutally flipped her over so that he was on top and asked "do you accept my authority and domination as your mate?". Bella gradually saw his monster appear awakening her own and causing her to bite back a groan. Caius had cornered her within his arms; a soft growl emitting from back of his throat, exposing his delight in their game. He entwined his fingers in her hair and forced her to look at him as he repeated his question; then slightly nodding her head she acknowledged his words. Picking her up he said "That's better; now close your eyes" she quickly obeyed and he carried her body to an alcove, pinning it against the wall. While standing in the alcove Bella closed her eyes and heard him swiftly remove his clothing then lifting her skirt he ripped the saturated black panties she wore. He grabbed her waist and ordered her to hold on to the rod above her head. Bella knew this game and did as she was told; he then pulled her body towards him and before Bella knew it she was fiercely penetrated. The sensations of heated pain and wicked pleasure were strong but his lips possessed hers sealing them with a conquering kiss. Bella held on to the rod as Caius adjusted her body to get maximum depth he subsequently thrust forward and between the thrusts he snarled his satisfaction. Each breath became a gasp of pleasure as the speed of their synchronised movements intensified. Deeper and deeper, compelling yet cautious, always demanding and unrelenting. This was their game and they played it to perfection; Bella knew she couldn't hold out much longer but Caius, hearing the animalistic frenzy in her moans quickly withdrew. Bella produced a cry of frustration as response and threw her head back hissing her disapproval. Caius disregarded her reaction grabbing her wrists and pulling her body down towards his, turning her so that he faced her back and then held her tight thwarting any attempt to break away. She struggled but Caius was insistent, forcing her to her knees; until all fight had abandoned her. When he procured her compliance he entwined his long slender fingers into her dark locks further restraining her and the compelling her to look at their reflection. She watched as he closed the distance between them the felt a soft brush of his hair as his voice caressed her ear "I'm not finished with you my lovely mate; I have just begun". Mesmerized by their reflection he emitted a fierce growl of approval as his tong leisurely licked her neck. Wrapping his arm around her waist Caius 's hand moved gradually, his fingertips delicately tracing the route of her spine, causing Bella's body to tremble. A wicked bliss built up in his groin as his body was engrossed by his sexual desires. He snickered as he drove her legs apart then gradually penetrated her resulting in a moan as she implored him to speed up. Caius laughed softly, taunting her as he leisurely thrust back and forth watching her breasts do their prolific dance for him in the mirror and forced then her head down in servitude. Bella reluctantly obeyed allowing him to dominate her once more although it was difficult; frustrated by her body's needs and not being able to quench them. Viciously biting her neck Caius sipped the intoxicating fluid that was her life's essence; and his eyes closed in rapture as he savored the taste. Removing his fangs his tong leisurely licked his dark red lips as he relished the last drops of blood. "God your beautiful" Caius hoarsely whispered, finding it hard to form coherent words as waves of pleasure washed over him with each movement. He then moaned and turning her on her side his raised her leg and began to build up a rhythm, slowly at first, pushing in then pulling out, his hands seizing Bella's waist and holding her in position. Bella felt like she was being torn apart as his thrusts increased in frequency and depth. Their existence revolved solely around their animalistic pleasure caused by the passion and lust. The air was filled with soft moans of pleasure. Bella was on the end of her wits and begged Caius for release. Caius finally complied savagely sinking his fangs into her breast; the combination of pain and pleasure causing her to climax. Her muscles suddenly contracted pulling him over the edge and causing his fangs to relinquish their hold as Caius roared his release, his essence ejaculating deep into Bella's receiving body. After a few moments Caius's bloody mouth came back to Bella's breast to leisurely lick her wound; until all traces of blood were gone then contented he licked the last drops from his lips and nuzzled up against her. They laid still slowly allowing the wave of ecstasy to pass as it burned down to a comfortable warmth leaving both gratified. Caius heaved a sigh and pulled her towards him in an possessive embrace as he whispered "Isabella my love, you're like a lustful bitch in heat" "Before I met you I had no experience in sexual matters" Bella said a seductive smile tainting her soft lips. "It seems I have taught you well; you are an extremely skilled and could match any courtesan". Caius joked. She giggled and playfully pushed his chest with her hand "I permit you you're pleasures; that's all" XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX