lap, picking my skirt up from the floor and sliding it slowly back up my legs, zipping it back up before sitting in the chair opposite his, reaching for the pile of documents and reading them carefully. I had been so engrossed in reading that I hadn't even noticed him stand up, he was packing his briefcase when I glanced up, the objects that were on the desk were now back in the box located in the large filing cabinet. I checked the clock and my eyes suddenly felt heavy, seven o'clock? Time always flew when he was around, my biggest distraction. "You should take them home with you, Isabella and take a few days to mull over my offer." His voice is soft and his eyes look heavy, tiredness evident on his face. I nod and stand, picking up the contract from the desk and hesitating before leaving the room, going over to collect my things from my desk. I put the documents in my bag, logging off the computer before heading to the elevator, pushing the button, suddenly eager to get home and eat. The elevator doors slid open and I stepped inside, seeing Edward rushing toward me. I quickly press the doors open button and smile weakly as he steps inside, nodding his thanks. The elevator descended downwards as we stood in a deafening silence, it took all the self control I had not to jump on him right then and there. A large sigh escaped me as the doors slid open, revealing a dimly lit underground parking lot. I didn't even glance at him as I headed for my car, my Mercedes Guardian shone under the faint light. It was a gift from my father before I moved to New York, he always liked to make sure I was safe and this was his condition of letting me move out of Forks. Pretty sweet deal if you ask me. I unlocked the door and slid inside, the comfortable leather seat welcoming me and I smile, placing the key in the ignition and hearing my baby purr to life before pulling out of the parking lot, making the ever so familiar journey back to my apartment which would be anything but peaceful tonight thanks to Alice. Fuck, Alice! I had completely forgotten that I had agreed to drinks at the bar tonight, I pulled out my phone and glanced at it, not wanting to take my eyes off of the road. I stopped at a red light and I saw that I had three missed calls and five texts all from Alice. Shit. I sent her a quick text to let her know I had to work late and that I would be at the bar in ten, I didn't even care about getting changed out of my work clothes. I rarely ever did when I went for drinks after work, my smart clothes were comfortable enough. I could hear people laughing from outside of the bar, the sound of Florence and the machine playing on the stereo welcoming me as I pull open the door and step inside. I search for Alice and find her in one of the booths with Emmett and Rosalie, clearly she had already had quite a bit to drink, at least she was happy and not the mopy Alice that usually greeted me when Maria was in town. I slid into the booth beside my best friend and ordered a beer, catching up with Emmett and Rose. Rosalie was a good friend of mine that I had met in college, I had shared an apartment with her when I first moved here and then she met Emmett and ditched me for his place, leaving me on my own in the apartment which I still live in to this very day. Emmett was like a brother to me, he has a tough exterior but underneath he's just a big, loveable bear. He hates it when I call him that but it's only the truth, he always called me BellaBoo, ignoring all attempts from me to try and change the God awful nickname. My beer arrived and I swigged it, chatting to Rose about how work was, leaving out the whole 'I got spanked by my boss' thing. Alice piped up, making me jump. She hadn't said a word since I had got here. "He won't reply to my texts." She says, aggravated. I frowned, I hated seeing my best friend like this. "Just give him some space, Al. He'll soon come running back, he's probably trying to avoid any drama between you and Maria." I say before taking another swig of beer, picking at the bowl of pretzels in the middle of the table. "I guess so...I'm just going crazy." I nod in understanding, pushing her drink towards her. "You'll feel better after a few of those." Rosalie laughs and I nod in agreement, tiredness making itself known. It had been a long, draining day and all I wanted to do was go to bed despite the fact that it was Friday and I didn't have work in the morning, I wanted to tackle that contract tomorrow, I was eager to know what his conditions were. At eleven o'clock, Alice and I headed back to mine, I felt so drained that it took everything I had to climb up the stairs to my apartment. We stumbled inside as soon as I got the door open and I threw my bag on my bedroom floor before undressing tiredly. Alice had already gone to bed in the spare room but I decided to place a bucket next to the bed for her in case she needed to throw up, she had consumed a hell of a lot of alcohol tonight. Once I was in bed, I fell straight to sleep. My dreams filled with lust-filled, green eyes and tousled locks... A/N: So...what did you think? Please let me know! Review, favourite and follow :-)