would corner me after school. Since you came back they want me to break up with Edward they said I didn't deserve him that he should be with one of them. They cornered me after school today and pushed me over and kicked me they said that I was a worthless fat cow and should go kill myself." I hugged her closer growling slightly. I made a promise to make those girls pay. "Bella why didn't you tell us?" she froze and by her emotions I knew her answer "You thought we would agree?" "Well not so much agree but I thought if I told you how it was getting to me you would see how weak I am I just wanted to be strong like everyone else in your family." Her voice was quiet "Bella you are one of the strongest people I know you have face faced dangers that would have most cowering under their covers praying they weren't real" She gave me a small smile. "I knew you were all out but Charlie's away and I feel safe here." I smiled at her glad that she felt safe here "Jasper you said everyone loves me does that include you and Rosalie" "Well Rosalie she does love you but she won't allow herself to accept it because accepting it means that she has to accept your decision and she just isn't ready for that" Bella nodded "And me I couldn't wish for a better Baby sister" she laughed "And I couldn't wish for a better big brother but don't tell Emmett I said that" We both laughed and the troubles of the day seemed to wash away at least just for a bit. It was getting late and Bella had been fighting sleep for over an hour the others were not due back till the early hours. "Bella why are you fighting sleep" We had talked a lot in the last few hours nothing important I had told her why I had studied phycology and she had asked me questions about my past ones I had gladly answered finally able to see it in a new light. She had not wanted to talk about the bullying but I had explained that she would need to talk about it and most likely it would involve everyone she had agreed but she had asked me to explain what had been going on to the others. "It's just…" She paused "I have nightmares and they only stop when Edward is here holding me" we were quiet for a moment "Would you like me to try holding you?" She hesitated "Are you sure you wouldn't be uncomfortable?" I laughed "I am sure and I promise if you start having a nightmare I will wake you up and we can wait for Edward" she nodded And that's how I ended up with Bella hugging my arm close sleeping what I understood to be peacefully. I knew Bella spoke in her sleep she had slept over enough but it was a surprise when my name passed her lips "Jasssperr?" "Yes Bella" I knew she was asleep "Love you" I chuckled "I love you too little sis" The others arrived home at nearly everyone bar Edward and Alice were filled with surprise to find me lying on the bed with Bella I had been reading to Bella Wurthing heights trying desperately to try and understand why she liked it. What did Alice see? I thought as Edward entered he was on the other side of Bella in a second her body instinctively went to him I was about to move from the bed when her hand refused to let go of my arm "Guess you're stuck here" Edward chuckled he seemed relaxed with me being so close "She showed me everything I can't believe that none of us thought about it." I nodded "Alice is telling the others about the bullying" I could sense the anger he was trying to control "We'll deal with them Edward but we have to think of a way to get back at them that won't kill them" Edward chuckled darkly "I am sure we can think of something. I just wish she had told us." "She was scared, scared we would think her weak scared that we would agree with them" After a little while the rest of family entered Alice perched herself on the corner of the bed next to my head "Thank you Alice" I told her she smiled and kissed me "Even I didn't see what exactly she was going to say I just thought she was going to tell you she didn't blame you." I laughed "Jasper" I looked up at Carlisle the leader of this family "I wanted to apologise for years we have treated you unfairly, we thought that it was simply that this life style was harder for you than the others that your thirst was just greater, none of us even considered that own thirst could effect you and for that I am sorry." "You don't have to Apologize Carlisle I didn't even think of it myself it took Bella and her ability to see things people simply don't see." We all looked at the girl who was still fast asleep with awe "And now that I know I can work on dealing with it, but I can deal with that later for now we need to focus on Bella and how she is feeling and how those children are making her feel." "And we will." We all looked at Rosalie surprised but I felt the change in her emotions she was finally starting to allow herself to love Bella. We all stayed in the room waiting for Bella awake and I had never felt so complete and so at home than I did now and for the first time in a very long time I had hope that I could do better be better all thanks to one human girl.