I really needed a change of clothes and a shower. I also wanted out of these machines. One step at a time . I told myself absently. "Hi." Rosalie said the second she came in through the blanket. She seemed to fully acknowledge my position and nodded. "Go ahead." "What happened?" I managed without any issues. She considered for a second before asking me, "do you remember anything?" "No." "Your name is Isabella Marie Swan. Your friends call you Bella." She hesitated. "You were a vampire." I was a vampire? I knew what that meant. It made me sick to my stomach. "You were. In the past." She hesitated. "A lot happened. More than I can tell you right now. Let's just leave it at a lot happened. You went insane and your sister buried you in a field so that you could live inside your head. "Sister?" I had a sister? Yes. I did. I could feel an ache in my chest at the knowledge. A sister. "Her name is Daula. We all called her Dol." "Where is she?" She looked extremely uncomfortable. "I don't know." A sister. I had a sister. I wanted my sister and I didn't even know who she was. "Just like you several other vampires have been…made human." She had said were not are. I wasn't a vampire anymore. What did that mean? How does one become human after being a vampire? How did that make sense? "How am I…human?" "I don't know for sure. Whatever did it had to dig you up to do it otherwise Embry wouldn't have found you." "Embry?" "He was an old friend of your family." I finally asked a question that had been bothering me for a while. "Where are we?" "My cave." "Do you have a kid?" My eyes moved to the crib, it hurt to see it but I didn't know why. "I took in a friend's baby." She sounded uncomfortable, I moved my gaze back to her, the look in her eyes told me there was a story behind it. I wanted to ask but I didn't have the energy. "I think you'll be able to walk around soon." She changed the subject as she moved next to me. "No more talking?" "Not today." It took several weeks but I was finally able to walk around the cave and had completely detached all the wires and other things. I hadn't gone outside yet. I stood at the side of the crib, using it as a support. I hadn't paid too much attention to its contents in the few times I'd stood against it but this time I was curious. It was a small crib and the bottom was littered with small stuffed animals. One stood out to me past the rest. I reached in and picked up the small dog, looking it over thoughtfully. "Izzy!" Bella looked up as Dol came in, grinning like an idiot. "I wanna play hide n seek!" " But I'm playing with Frog right now, Daula." "Come on, Izzy. Pretty please!" " In a little bit." I dropped the stuffed dog, a shriek escaping me. I held onto the memory though. That had to have been a memory. The blue haired girl…Dol…that was my sister…the girl in that dream I'd had was my sister. Or I was wrong and I was overthinking this. No. That was definitely a memory. "Bella?" I turned quickly to see Rosalie standing in the entrance but the movement made me sick to my stomach. I groaned and dropped to my knees, grabbing hold of my stomach. Rosalie was by my side quickly, holding a bucket in front of me which I gratefully took and threw up the bit of food I'd managed to eat today. "Great." She grumbled as she got to her feet. "I thought you'd gotten past the nasty parts." "Screw you." "What happened?" She helped me to my feet and guided me back to the bed I'd been sleeping on since I got here. I sat down on it and lay my head in my hands with my elbows on my knees. "I think it was a memory…my sister…did she have blue hair?" "What did you remember about her?" Rosalie sat down in front of me, hope in her expression. "Something from when we were little. That dog…that's Frog, isn't it?" She got up slowly, walking over to the crib and pulling the small dog out of it. "It was yours." "Where is my sister?" She absently pet the stuffed dog, clearly deciding on how to answer the question. "I don't know." She finally said, moving her gaze back to me. "How can you not know?" I narrowed my eyes at her, irritation flooding me. "You have been out of it for ten years. A lot has happened in the past ten years. She thought I was dead so she didn't exactly reach out." Ten years. Something about ten years was comforting. Like I felt it had been longer. No. It was more than that. Ten years meant that it was unlikely that the people I cared about were dead. I didn't know who any of them were but that didn't matter because the knowledge was there. "Is she alive?" I needed to know either way. It would ease the curiosity to have the question answered. "I don't know." "Do you know anything?" "Not about this. I'm sorry." She sighed, looking at the door. "You can come outside if you want. I can show you around." "I'm still tired." I mumbled as I lay back down. "We'll find your sister." She spoke quietly enough that I almost didn't hear it. I didn't know her but I trusted her. We would find my sister. Even if I didn't remember her. That's it for chapter one. Thoughts, guys? I have some thoughts like, what the hell is happening? If I told you that immediately where would be the suspense? I hate you. I know.