in her soft groans, which reverberate in the space between us. Her hair is also soft and wavy, like Edward's, but she smells much differently. Her perfume is subtle, but sweet and feminine. Noticeably absent is the scruff usually covering my fiancé's jaw. In its place is soft, creamy skin. After a few moments I pull back from the kiss. "I hope that was okay?" I ask, suddenly worried I may have gone too fast. "Are you kidding me, babe? That was freaking hot!" "I'll say," Laurens pipes up. It is then that I realize I have just put on a show for not only our boat, but the other boats around us as well. Smiling shyly, I pull up the image reel on Roos' phone, curious to see how it captured our unexpected kiss. I am momentarily mesmerized by how undeniably sexy I look kissing her. Choosing one I think will speak volumes, I send it to Edward via Roos' Facebook messenger, then send him a text from my own phone. Check the pic in your FB messages. I sent it via Roos' account. Love ya! – xo B I do not expect an immediate response, figuring Edward will be thoroughly distracted by the image presented to him. I'm hoping he'll approve, because now that I've had some time to entertain the idea, not to mention get a little taste of what might be to come, I'm really looking forward to seeing things through with Roos. She is obviously encouraged by my earlier display and does not hesitate to touch me more freely now as we dance in the boat while watching the rest of the parade float by. I must admit her small yet intimate touches are quite the turn-on. Instead of texting me back, Edward calls me. Turning up the volume as far as it will go, I press the phone to my ear while covering my other ear with my hand. "Hey honey!" "Bella, shit, that picture…" "You liked it?" "Liked it? Let me just say I was glad no one else was in the room with me when I opened it. Damn, baby girl, you looked so sexy kissing her! Roos was her name, you said?" "Yeah, it is. So uhm…" It feels weird having this conversation with him. Not because of the topic, but because of the severe lack of privacy. He needs to yell in order for me to hear him, and although he can probably hear me just fine, I find myself raising my voice as well. He picks up on my nerves quickly, though. "Bella, seriously, don't worry. We've already talked about this at length and you know I'm fine with it. You told me as soon as the opportunity presented itself, and I trust your judgment. She looks like a great girl. If you still want to, go for it." "You're absolutely sure? I don't want things to be weird after this," I still hesitate. It's not that I don't want to explore this thing with Roos as far as it'll go, but part of me worries that Edward might not be as okay with it as he insists he is. I would hate for my curiosity to negatively affect our relationship, because it has absolutely nothing to do with my dedication to him. "It won't be weird, sweetheart. I'm secure in what we have. You told me this before: you just want to settle your curiosity, and you're being smart about it. And so considerate." "Thanks, baby. I needed to hear that," I sigh in relief. "Does Roos know about our agreement?" he asks. "Yes. And she's not expecting anything beyond today either. She knows I'm engaged and that this will just be a one-time thing." "That's good, then," he agrees. "Just remember: if at any point you feel uncomfortable, you can walk away. There is no pressure to continue something if it doesn't feel right anymore." "I will, I promise," I tell him. "Can we Skype tomorrow?" "Of course. My shift ends at nine. I should be home by seven your time. We'll talk more then. For now, just go and have fun. I love you." I fall a little bit in love with him at his reassurances, and a huge smile appears on my face. "I love you too, Edward," I reply. "Don't worry your pretty little head, Eddie," Roos shouts into my phone. "I'll take great care of her!" She and Irene dissolve into a fit of giggles at her antics, while Jasper and Laurens need to hold on to each other to keep from falling into the canal with laughter. I hear Edward chuckling on the other end of the line. "Enjoy yourself, sweetheart," he tells me again. "I'll talk to you tomorrow." "Love you, bye," I say before disconnecting the call. I've been told it's a Dutch thing to cycle everywhere. And apparently it's a student thing to do so on a ratty and rattling bike. Roos' bike meets all the criteria: it looks like it'll crumble at the slightest touch while being held together with duct tape. She wrestles it free from the rack and we walk a few blocks until she deems it clear enough to start cycling. She coaches me in jumping onto the back while she goes as slow as she can. It is still quite the challenge for me, seeing as I am as familiar with a bicycle as a gay man with a vagina. Once I'm finally seated I hold onto Roos tightly so I don't fall off. She rings the bell on the handle bars almost continuously to alert pedestrians to our approach. It's hardly necessary; the bike makes enough noise to announce us from a mile away through a thunderstorm. I take in the city passing us by, trying to calm the butterflies in my belly at what is about to happen. I can't wait to call Edward in the morning to tell him about it.