looks like I saved your life this time." I said smiling. "I'm still up by one." Edward teases, and I'm nearly derailed by the sexy crooked smile he gives me in return. "The Navis is pointing to the roof. The launch pad must be located on the roof. We only have 15 minutes to get to the top." The flames have engulfed most of the Others. It looks like we are actually going to make it. We head towards the staircase, slowly jogging our way to our destination. We were pretty far down the hall, when out of the flames we see a hand pulling itself up from what use to be the floor. Then we we see the all too familiar terror that has stalked me since my arrival to Earth 8. We can hear more of them coming and we start jogging faster. Out of nowhere one of the Others leap out of one of the rooms and slams Edward against the wall, taking a bite out of his shoulder. It seemed as if everything is moving in slow motion. Edward screams while trying to wrestle his much stronger opponent off of him. I can hear the wails of the group of Others quickly approaching. I'm thinking of a strategy to make it out of here alive. "Move your head and cover your ears"! I command Edward. The Other was so focused on Edward that he didn't notice me slip behind him and upload a bullet in his skull. He still has Edward pressed against the wall so I fire three more times. Finally his grip loosens, his eyes roll over, and he falls to the ground dead. "Now we're even! Let's get the hell out of here!" We run up the stairs as fast as we can. Edward is in desperate need of medical attention. When we are half way to the top, his body gives out on him and I have to help him the rest of the way. I secure the door with a piece of iron that was laying to the side and then tend to Edward,who at this point is laying motionless on the ground. I look ahead and see the lights that indicate that the launch pad is activating. Funny how all these black holes lay dormant throughout the universe, invisible to the human eye. My back and legs ache from the strain of helping Edward up those stairs and carrying the equipment. I look down at him as he lies there and begin to think the worst. "Don't die on me! We have made it to far!" I don't realize I am shaking him so hard until I feel his hand steady me, letting me know he is still alive. He lifts his head and I can see a slight smile on his face. Those deep, dark green eyes that remind me of a happier time, the lake I use to go to with my parents every July the 4th. If this was a different time and place, I would drown in those eyes and blanket myself in his warmth. "I was just taking a nap and dreaming of you beautiful." I blush slightly, not allowing myself to fully let go, until we are out of harm's way. "You'll have plenty of time to flirt cowboy, but this isn't the time." I help him up and we head to the middle of the launch pad. I hear a loud beating at the door, that sounds like multiple hands jabbing in unison. The door is solid, but with their strength it won't last much longer. "How much longer till we get beamed up?" "This isn't Star Trek!" I joke in the face of danger. I look at the Navis and then towards the door coming undone. "In 5 minutes." "We don't have 5 minutes"! Edward is right. We don't have 5 minutes. The Others will be having us for dinner within seconds. I have to buy Edward time. I knew it may come down to this. They told me that there was a chance that I may not be able to return. As a safeguard, they developed a form of nanotechnology, which they injected into my blood stream, linking me with the Navis. Their hope was to give me a sliver of a chance to return through the Cross Dimensional Sphere with Edward. As Edward looks towards the door, I take the M-16 and hit him across the back of the head. I step from the launch pad with both M-16s in hand and start firing. The Others rush in. Looking like rabid dogs, no trace of humanity in their eyes, they surround me but I keep them at bay. I turn my head and watch as Edward disappears into the Cross-dimensional Sphere. I've completed the mission. They will find a cure and save billions upon billions of people. Now it's my time to die. I drop the M-16s and pull out a Glock 17 that I intend to use on myself as an alternative to being eaten alive. I look to the sky, void of life, close my eyes and prepare to die. Then, as if I'm connected to a bungee cord, my body flies backwards towards the launch pad and then everything goes black. When I wake up, I'm in bed, totally oblivious to my surroundings. Jacob, the head engineer, saved me. The Navis was interfaced with my body so he was able to pull me in and rescue me. He informs me that Edward is in custody. They have condemned him for the crimes of his alternate self. They are going to probe his brain in a way that'll make him brain dead afterward. I was lied to by the Authority. Now, will I risk everything to save this man that my heart yearns for? Or will I trust in the Authority, and Victoria, the Head Madame, to cure my parents and resurrect humanity as we once knew it?