back and pick you up afterwards?" "That works for me." "I just need your address so I know where to get you," he said. "You can pick me up here." He looked at me in confusion so I told him, "My house is in the back of the bakery. There's a gate that leads to the back for when I have visitors." "Ah, I see. Okay, so I'll just pick you up by the gate then, if that is alright with you?" "Yes, it is," I told him. "How long do you think you will need?" "I will need about an hour or so. Bree is here to help, and Ben is in the kitchen as we speak, cleaning up and boxing up the items that didn't sell to send to the soup kitchen. It shouldn't take too long." "Alright, I'll see you in about an hour then," he replied and gave my hand a kiss and let it go and then proceeded to tell Emmett that it was time to go and that he would see me tomorrow. "Bye, Emmett." I said to him. "I'll see you tomorrow, okay? I just might have a special surprise for you as well." His eyes got huge, and he nodded his head and said, "Bye, Belly, I'll see you tomorrow," in a child like voice. Once they walked out, I turned the open sign off and locked the door. I started to help Bree clean up the front end of the bakery. Once we were done, I checked in with Ben who was just finishing up. I could hear the truck that picks the items up. We loaded it up as quickly as possible. When we had finished, I let them out the side door. I then went out the back to go to my cottage to take a quick shower and pick something out to wear for my date with Edward. I had decided to wear a pair of dark, washed high-waisted jeans with an off- the- shoulder, black, bodysuit along with my floral bomber jacket and black laced heeled booties. I added a pair of linear cord drop earrings in silver and crystal and my silver pocket watch necklace. I didn't put too much makeup on, just some mascara and a light dusting of eyeshadow and some lip gloss. ***Bella's Delights*** After our first date, Edward and I were inseparable. We were together all of the time when our schedules allowed it. Edward loved my house in the back of the bakery, and I finally had someone that I could cook for. Edward, Emmett, and Rose were over all of the time for dinner. Rose and I became the best of friends. On Halloween , Rose had come along to help out in the bakery since it happens to be one of the busiest times for us. Angela, Bree, Rose, and I decided to dress in a Halloween inspired dresses, black leggings, bat earrings, and black Chucks . We all wore our hair. The kids that came in loved what we were wearing. I had also made some mini Pumpkin Chocolate Chip cookies to give out to them. I didn't go for the handing out candy as most businesses do. Someone told me that I should start selling them as well as the normal sized ones. Rose was having a blast helping out. My grandparents were having fun watching all of the kids coming and going dressed in various costumes. They even decided to dress up as dusty cobwebbed dummies to get into the spirit of things. "Bella, if you ever need help again please let me know. I'm enjoying myself a lot." "Anytime you want to help out is fine with me, Rose," I told her as I heard the ringing of the bell above the door. Edward walked in with Emmett and their parents. I walked over to greet them and gave Emmett his very own bag of mini Pumpkin Chocolate Chip cookies. Carlisle and Esme went over to talk to Rose while Emmett went to sit down with my grandparents. Edward pulled me into his arms to give me a hug and a kiss. "How's it going, baby?" "Busy but good. Rose is having a blast and even asked if she could come and help out again anytime that I needed it." "That's great. I had a feeling that she would like helping you out," he told me as he was playing with my hair. He seemed kind of nervous. "Are you okay?" I asked him. "Yes, but there is something that I would like to ask you," he said. All of a sudden, in the middle of the bakery, he got down on one knee with a ring in his hand. He took one of mine into his other hand. "Bella, I know that we have only known each other for a short time. I love everything about you, and I want to ask you if you would be not just my one and only, but would you be wife? What I'm saying is will you marry me?" While he was asking me this, I had tears streaming down my cheeks. Rose and Esme had their hands to their mouths as they waited to see what I would say. I attempted to pull him up so that I could throw my arms around him. When he finally stood up, I embraced him while whispering yes to him. He brought one of my hands down from around his neck and put the ring on my finger. Everyone that was there burst into a round of applause. All of a sudden there were arms around both Edward and I. I looked up, and it was Emmett looking gleeful. Host's Note: Thank you for reading, and please don't forget to review. Public voting runs November 7th to November 13th. Please remember to keep this contest anonymous by not leaving hints or theories as to who the author may be.