thought of calling? You know, instead of keeping me here waiting for you two hours!" she wanted to hurt him so badly for doing this to her. "I knew you were going to be angry at me!" he yelled. "Of course Jacob! I'm angry at you because it's been months since the last time we hung out. And everytime I call you, you don't answer the phone, or you tell me that you would call me later and you never do it. I'm angry because you miss all our dates, sometimes you call me to say you are not coming and sometimes you just don't show up. You are suposed to love me, to be my best friend, my brother. Normally you would have decided to spend time with me instead of spending time with her, Jacob. I just don't get it, on my birthday you told me that nothing would change, and in case you didn't notice Jaco Black, everything has changed! And I thought that even though you never came to our other dates, you would came to this one, because it was special. But I guess I was wrong again." she finished. she was screaming at him for everything he has done in the past months, and even though he knew she was right, the tone she was using with him made him angry. "And what if I've been missing our dates! And what if I want to spend time with my girlfriend, fucking her! It's none of your business. And you are just and spoiled little kid, and I know that you are my imprint, but if you ever thought that I was going to be with you when you were older you were pretty damn wrong. I would never be with someone like you, half human and half vampire." the moment those words were out of his mouth, he regreted them. Just the look on Ness face, his Ness, made him want to kill himself. Then Nessie started to cry, something he'd never seen her do since she was a baby. "Go fuck youself Jacob, or even better, go fuck your precious girlfriend. You and I are over as best friends, siblings and whatever other thing you thought we were. And I hope that you can imprint in Jessica, because you are not going to see me again. And I hope that being away from your imprint hurts you, and that you suffer all the pain that I'm feeling now. And I'd love to wish you deadth, but I can't, because even if I'm angry at you, part of my heart still loves you, but don't worry, I will learn to kill that love and get over you." and with that she went inside the house and up to her room. She could still feel Jacob outside, and she wanted to cut all type of conection with him, so she did the only thing she had in mind at that moment. She opened her window and throw him his birthday present. Jacob picked it up and looked at the object, and finally he catched the message. When Jacob dissapear in the woods, she allowed herself to cry again. Ness didn't remember how much time she had spent crying or when she fall asleep on the floor. She only knew that when she got up, her parents were by her side, wanting an explanation. She told them everything that happened yesterday night outside the house. Bella couldn't believe how much Jake had changed, and how badly he had hurt her daughter and his imprint. On the other side, Edward just wanted to kill that wolf for making his precious little daughter cry, but he also knew that by doing that he would only make things worse than they already were, so he decided to just be a dad and take care of his baby girl. "Mom, dad. I don't want to be here anymore, please sent me away, to England or I don't know, but please, don't make me stay here. I don't want to." If vampires could cry they both would be in tears by now. They didn't want to let her baby girl go, but they understood her completly, and as much as they wanted to keep her there, they knew that she would ant to go out eventually, and that there was always the possibility of running into Jacob. So since they knew that Alice and Jasper were going to travel around the world, they decided to let her go with them. Both her uncles were ok with the idea, and they promised to take really good care of her and sent pictures every now and then. And with that, Ness left Forks with her uncles, feeling determinated to forget Jacob. Mean while, Jacob didn't knew what was he going to do to fix this huge mess, and to make things worse, he discovered that Jessica, the girl that had come between him and Nessie, was cheating on him. It's true that he's hurt his imprint and the love of his life, Renesmee Carlie Cullen, and all because of a slut. He didn't knew why, but he was obssesed with her. He was so obssesed that he even stopped hunging out with his imprint. He also knew that ignoring Ness was the biggest mistake of his life, he changed her love and company over a good pussy, and that would hunt him forever. He would have to work really hard to earn Nessie's trust and love again. So after deciding that he was done feeling like shit, he went to the main Cullen house, hoping that Ness would be there, but when he arrived, Bella told him that her daughter was gone because of him, and that made him feel even more guilty. Saying sorry, he left. The part that suprised Bella and the rest of the Cullens, except Rosalie, was that they didn't hate Jake, they were disapointed for being so stupid.