Edward, she just disappeared. Your father was just as baffled as I was. I searched for her constantly till Edward's father told me to let it go, that if she wanted me to find her, she would come back on her own. Not a day went by that I didn't think of her, wondering where she was, what she was doing. Then, when I found out she came back, giving you to your father, and left without a word, I finally gave up for good. Three years ago I received a letter in the mail from a lawyer. I was informed that she had killed herself, and wished for me to be told. She left a note that simply said 'I'm sorry'." "Did she leave a letter for My dad? For me?" "I'm sorry dear." Esme said with a shake of her head. "Well, it's not like I knew here, that she had even been a part of my life." I mumbled with downcast eyes. "Bella, if you want to talk about it-" "Dad, I'm fine. Really." Though inside my heart broke a little. I would never admit it, but a small part of me had always hoped she would come back, just to see that I was alright, at least. Now I find out she killed herself, and never mentioned me in a letter she wrote to her best friend. "Why don't you tell the other children dinner is ready? You all can set the table." She said quietly with a sad smile. "Where was Edward's father?" I asked as we walked back home. "Business apparently. It's not like we were ever friends, more like an acquaintance due to Carlisle and Esme. He is Carlisle's older brother." "Edward must miss his father if he is always away working." Charlie stayed silent so I stopped speaking also. An hour after we were home Charlie got called into work. He left apologizing, writing down Esme's number in case I needed anything. The house wasn't large but it was bigger than the small apartments I was used to, and quite old. The silence was giving me chills so I rushed to my room and shut the door behind me. After turning on my lamp to get rid of the shadows, I flopped onto my bed heavily and put on music to stop the silence. I must have fallen asleep because the next thing I knew I opened my eyes into darkness. My stomach growled, reminding me I forgot to eat dinner. I entered the kitchen and started rummaging through the fridge when suddenly, I felt the air around me change. I had the feeling I was being watched, my arms covered in goose bumps. I hadn't turned on the kitchen light so I peered into the darkness of the hallway. Tiptoeing, I walked into the dark, as my heart hammered in my chest. I didn't see anything but I couldn't get past the feeling of someone being there, waiting. I finally ran to my bedroom, locked my door and threw the covers over my head. I had finally fell back asleep, still huddled under my blanket, not moving till the sound of my alarm clock startled me. It wasn't till I was sitting at the table eating a bowl of cereal when it entered my mind that I had woken up last night in the dark, though I remember leaving it on, not only that, but my bedroom door was open, though I shut it when I entered the room. I felt the need to leave the house quickly. Leaving my bowl on the table instead of rinsing it out, I grabbed my bag and rushed out the front door. "Good morning." I gasped, startled to look up and see Edward leaning against his car that was parked in my drive way. "I was hoping I could drive you to school today." My smile returned and I nodded gratefully. He smiled back and rushed over to open the passenger side door. We stayed silent for a few moments before I spoke of my curiosity. "Edward, did you know about my mother?" "Mom told me last night after you left. A picture of her and my mother together has always graced our wall. I had no idea that was your mother though till recently." I looked out my window, not sure how to respond. "I'm sorry, if it is worth anything." "It's not like I knew here." "Still, it must be hard to know you no longer have the option." He said softly. "Did your father return last night?" I asked, changing the subject quickly. "No." I saw his jaw harden, his eyes staying glued to the road. "He goes away on business quite a bit. I am used to it." "You must miss him." "It's better when he isn't around." The rest of our ride was silent, both of us thinking of our neglectful parent. "Bella!" Alice called as she rushed over to me when Edward parked next to Emmett's jeep. "Hey Alice." "I was wondering if you wanted to come over after school? It's Friday so you could sleep over if you would like?" "Um-" "I know you don't know me very well, so if you don't want to, I understand." She said with a slight pout, making me feel bad for even considering telling her no thanks. "I'd like that." I gave her a small smile causing her to give me a grin and tight hug. "Let's get ready for class." She said, pulling me to follow. "Bye Jasper." She said as she winked at him. I giggled softly as his face turned red, his eyes darting to Emmett to see if he noticed. "You eying my little sister?" We heard Emmett bellow at him. I turned my head and saw Emmett turn his back to Jasper, laughing silently at the look on Jasper's nervous face. "Ugh, he will never ask me out if Emmett keeps doing that." Alice complained.