cherry red lips. She envelopes me in a hug as she greets me. "I was just about to go get lunch. Can I get you guys anything as well?" Since I'm not familiar with the particular deli they frequent, Edward orders a sandwich for me. While we wait for Rose to return with the food, Edward shows me his portfolio. I'm impressed with the quality of the work, though I shouldn't be, based on what I've seen so far. While he employs a variety of styles, it's clear that he prefers black and grey realism and illustrative style. "What's the last tattoo you got?" I inquire. He rolls up the leg of his jeans and twists his leg around to show his calf. On it is a paw print with a date underneath and Pixie's name through it. "Oh, that's so cute!" I exclaim. Emmett walks over from his station. "That was a fun one to do. We actually made a print of one of Pixie's paws for it." "When she's a bit bigger I'll add a portrait as well. The date is her birthday," Edward adds. "You've got a pug too, right?" Emmett asks, to which I nod. "Jazzy's upstairs playing with Pixie." "Dude! Wouldn't it be cool if they had puppies together when they're grown up?" Emmett asks, turning to Edward excitedly. "Em, they're just babies. Let's not get ahead of ourselves," he cautions. "How about you and Rose get to making babies first?" "Not before he makes an honest woman out of me," Rose teases as she walks back in with two bags of food. We dig into our lunch, and I revel in the feeling of home and ease I get while sitting with these people I only just met. Edward and I share stories about Jazzy and Pixie, leaving Emmett and Rose in stitches at their antics. "Seems like you're dating thanks to your dogs," Rose comments in between bouts of laughter. "I guess it's a good thing Bella was there when Pixie got scared, then," Edward concludes, smiling at me softly. I can't help my blush while our gazes lock. o.O.o While we're cleaning up after lunch, Emmett's next client arrives. Rose busies herself with some paperwork as Edward and I move over to his work station. The walls around it are filled with designs and the supplies are neatly arranged on the work bench. I smile when I see a drawing of what is obviously Pixie among the artwork on the walls. "All right, show me what you have in mind," I tell him, curious now as to the tattoo he's been tempting me with. He pulls out a sketchpad and sets to working out his ideas, explaining them to me as he draws. "Okay, so the Claddagh consists of a crowned heart being held by two hands. It represents love, loyalty and friendship. What I'm thinking is to place the hands over your ribcage, with the heart over your sternum. The crown would then extend upwards through the middle. For you, I'd add some intricate embellishments, nothing too bold. I think delicate would work better on you. This particular design, I'd prefer to keep it black and grey, because it might be too overpowering otherwise. What do you think?" With that, he turns the sketchpad around and shows me the first draft. It floors me. While it is still very much a rough sketch, I can see his ideas taking shape. I agree that adding color or bold embellishments would overpower the design. Also, considering my smaller frame, I wouldn't want the tattoo to dominate me. "Wow, Edward," I reply. "It's gorgeous!" "Does that mean you'll let me put this on you?" he asks hopefully. "Yes!" I answer without hesitation. His smile matches my own. "That's great! I'll work out the design some more and we can look at a suitable date." I nod, knowing that I don't want to be on my period when getting inked. Then another thought hits me. "How much would that tattoo cost?" "Don't worry about that." "Seriously, Edward. I need to know the amount to set aside." "No, you don't. It's a present. I want to give you this tattoo." I gape at him. A tattoo of that size and detail would easily cost several hundred dollars. He's got to be joking about just giving it to me. "You can't be serious." "Oh, but I am. There are no rules that say a tattoo artist can't give his girlfriend a tattoo." Mulling that over for a moment, I realize he is right. If he weren't a tattoo artist, he would still be able to pay for a tattoo for me as a gift. The bonus here is that he will also be the one putting it on my skin. Then the last part of his statement registers. "Wait… girlfriend?" Suddenly he looks shy, and he actually blushes. "Uhm… well… yeah…" he stammers. "Don't be silly," I say, giggling. "Of course I'll be your girlfriend." In response he pulls me onto his lap and kisses me soundly. "You had me worried there for a moment," he admits. Then, eagerly again, "So you'll let me give you the sternum piece?" I nod, conceding. He'll probably need some pictures of it for his portfolio, so I figure I can help him out in that regard. "I would like that tattoo for Jazzy now, though," I tell him. "And I'm paying for that one myself!" He readily agrees and flips the sketchpad over to a blank page. After discussing placement and what to include, he comes up with a simple but beautiful design. Jazzy's name is placed on the outside of my wrist in elegant script, running along the bone, with two small paw prints beside it. As soon as the needle touches my skin, I know I'm hooked. To this new group of people. To getting tattooed by Edward. And to him and the doggy dates with our pugs.