mess with Jessica, so we return to my place after taking a quick detour through Coles for some groceries. . "I'm glad I finally made up my mind," Edward admits while we prepare dinner. "I don't understand how I became so complacent." "Can I be completely honest with you?" I ask. When he nods, I continue, "She's a manipulative brat. She went behind you back in moving her stuff in, then distracted you with sex when you found out. I never said anything before because I wanted to be your supportive friend. But I'm glad you finally came to your senses. That I get to call you mine now is just the cherry on top." When I finish my rant I look up to find him looking at me with the goofiest smile on his face. "What?" I ask. "I fucking love you!" he exclaims, pulling me close. "And yes, I'm yours, if you're mine." "Of course," I reply, smiling up at him. We kiss for a minute or so, until the rice boiling over pulls us back into the present. "We should probably keep a low profile for a while," I suggest, turning down the stove. "Shit, I didn't even think of that," Edward admits. "But yeah, I don't want to risk hurting Jess even further. Let's give it a few weeks." "It's a good thing we're already close friends," I say. "No one will be suspicious when we hang out." We finish cooking and sit down to eat, happy at the way we are handling the situation. o.O.o Things don't go exactly as planned, though, as they rarely do. A week later, and one epic break-up on Edward's part, we spend the night at his place for the first time. I am still mostly asleep when the doorbell rings. Incessantly. Eventually it becomes clear that whoever it is, they are not leaving. Edward disentangles himself from me and the sheets. "Be right back, gorgeous," he whispers, placing a kiss to my temple. I snuggle back into the sheets and his pillow, but a commotion in the other room prevents me from falling back asleep. "I thought they were just messing with me," I hear a familiar voice yell at Edward. "I mean, just because you dump me, doesn't mean you've got someone new already. Who the hell could replace me?" I now identify the voice as Jessica's. What is she on about? "But those shoes," she continues, disdain dripping from her tone. "No way those are mine. What, did you pick up some little tart at the pub? Is that it?" "Jess, just let it be. Why did you come here?" Edward asks her, obviously trying to calm her down. "Lauren saw you at South Bank Surf Club last night. Said you left with some skank draped all over you. I had to see for myself. Where is she?" Their voices are coming closer and I know there is no time for me to find a place to hide. We might as well get it over with. Steeling myself, I sit up in bed, quickly pulling on Edward's shirt. Just in time, as the door slams open the moment I pull it over my head. "Bella?" Jessica exclaims incredulously. "Are you kidding me?" Edward follows right behind her, grimacing at me apologetically. I shake my head minutely, letting him know it's not his fault. That doesn't stop him from trying to diffuse the situation. Jessica is on a rant, however, and doesn't give him the opportunity to get a word in. "What, you've been shagging her behind my back this whole time? I was some kind of joke to you both? What the hell, Edward? How could you be so heartless?" She puts on a good act. I almost believe that she is actually hurt at this development. Just when I am about to feel sorry for her, there is a gleam in her eyes, belying her true nature. "Guess I shouldn't be surprised that Bellend here has finally sunk her claws into you. She must be an easy lay then, for you to keep her around," she concludes maliciously. Edward grabs her wrist, the anger on his face speaking volumes. He is about to throw her out. Now, while I'm all for the chivalrous action, I don't want him fighting my battles for me. I am in front of them before he can take a single step towards the door. Putting my hand on his arm, I silently ask Edward to release Jessica's wrist. "Now listen very carefully, you dimwit. This manipulative, spiteful behaviour is exactly why you have always been wrong for Edward. I'm sorry you had to find out this way, but like it or not, Edward and I are together now." "Jess, I did not break up with you because of this," Edward adds, motioning between us. "I wasn't comfortable in our relationship anymore. I'm not sure I ever was. Bella and I didn't get together until after I made up my mind." I'm glad he skates around the actual timeline, because although Jessica doesn't deserve the courtesy, I prefer to keep things as truthful as possible. Jessica's bravado visibly deflates when confronted with our united front. She doesn't back down easily, though. "You both suck," she bites out as a final retort before turning around and marching out the front door. Edward flinches when the door slams, then turns to me while rubbing the back of his neck. "Now what?" he asks. "Block her," I decide. "No point in flaunting it in her face or exposing us to hateful comments." "You're right," he agrees, smiling again. "Besides, I want to focus on us." "Hmmm, you do?" I ask, liking the turn this conversation is taking suddenly. "Yes. Didn't I tell you? You're it for me." With that, he picks me up, kissing me and discarding the T-shirt I'm wearing. We tumble onto the bed and spend the rest of the day making love.