sister in-law" I answered before she could speak. "Sister in- law?" she whispered in my ear as we rounded the corner following. "Hair-Edward and Bella are practically married as it is, sharing a bedroom" I asked Rosalie to wait outside when the doctor came in with the test results from a prior visit. I had to be strong now… It was bad news, and with it, died the slight glimmer of hope I'd been holding on to. Wanting to be alone after they hooked me up to mobile I. V. Dressed in a hospital gown, I walked down to the maternity ward. This hospital took in little ones who've been abandoned and forgotten for one reason or another. I could relate, I was one of them. I also happened to volunteer here every time I came as I waited for the medication and progress report pertaining to what was left of my lower limbs. Today, I was caring for a pair of newborn twins: Toby & Tucker. Their mother gave them up due to their down syndrome saying "She dealt for "normal" children not "retarded." That's a load of crap! One of the reasons why I hate those words. Anyway I was slowly swaying back and forth with Toby in my arms while his brother slept in his bassinet when Rosalie took me by surprise from the back. "Practicing for when you have your own litter of pups?" I sighed, placing Toby with his brother, not in the mood. "What do you want from me Rosalie?" Looking at her straight in the eyes. "I have had it up to here with your brother and his remarks concerning human life!" I hissed quietly, trying not to disturb the babies. "Now you're going to start?! WHY? Are you really that much of an upbeat snob?! I have nothing to offer you people!" "You have everything" she muttered quietly, "The ability to grow old, have children, grandchildren. You can have it all!" The moment she mentioned children, my eyes grew moist as I thought of Noah. I blinked wiping the tears away before they could start. "You're wrong," I corrected, "You're wrong on both counts. "The reason we're down here is not because of a flu bug or anything of that nature. It was to see if I stood any chance of a heart transplant…" Rosalie's eyes widen in shock, "And the answer: is "NO"… I've got until mid-January they think." I took a deep breath, just admitting it out loud made it seem real. "And for your further education:" I continued, "In order to have a baby: You got to have the equipment, preferably ones that work . (Which I lost the night of my accident in addition to my legs.) Do you see my point? There's absolutely no reason for you to be jealous of me. In fact, it should be the other way around. And no, Vampirism has nothing to do with it: I grew up with no stability. Living with strangers who only saw me as a meal ticket. When I was hungry or I wanted clothes, I went out and got a job. I did everything from delivering the paper, groceries to raking the leaves and mowing the lawn. When the home I was in got overcrowded or got to be too much. I was uprooted and the whole thing started all over again. Ran away several times only to have the cops bring me back. You and Edward have got to understand that we live in a different world and 98% of today's youth don't have the Norman Rockwell idealistic life. Since 9/11 I've had to say goodbye to foster brothers and sisters who've employed in the service, went overseas and never came home." Tucker woke up just then, he was hungry. A bottle was already prepared on the table. I picked it up, giving it to him. "This is as close to motherhood as I can get" I smiled sadly. I hadn't really noticed but as I talked, the snow queen's eyes were glistening with venom tears that would never shed before she bowed her head shamefully. "Do you want to help?" I asked a minute later when Tucker's twin awoke demanding a change. Rosalie nodded mutely as I past Tucker to her while I took Toby. Turns out we were a pretty good team, the twins were quite satisfied when we handed them back to the Nurse hours later. Then we went back upstairs to the Doctor's office. but this time Rosalie stayed right with me, she insisted! They couldn't do anything meager right now today. So they gave me some new medication that would supposedly make things easier with no harsh side effects. But Charlie and I would need to make an appointment and soon to install a pacemaker. In addition, they said I was "healing" nicely as far as my "legs" were concerned. The ride home was quiet and much smoother until Rosalie spoke up "I am really sorry Nicki. I truly am, if you ever need a friend to talk to… I'm here" I could tell she meant it, "Thanks Rosalie" . "Rose..." Huh? "Everyone in the family calls me "Rose" We were silent for a moment before "Nicki… if you ever need something. You let me know, alright?" "Well there is one thing…" I trailed off, "What?" "Could you not tell anyone about this just yet? I'm not ready for some people to know" She nodded, "Meaning: Edward?" "I don't need another thing for him to jab me with" I sighed. "Oh he won't be doing that, he'll have to deal with me !" she promised . As the red convertible pulled into the driveway and parked behind the police cruiser. I went to grab my bags and get out when I found myself engulfed in an arctic hug. "I'm here" she whispered walking me to my door, before she and the car disappeared down the road… End of Part One