he fidgets and keeps wetting his lips as the MC prattles on about his qualities, selling him to the highest bidder. Suddenly, I know I have to be that highest bidder, and not taking my eyes off him, I raise my hand. "Two thousand!" The girls at my table gasp, Edward's eyes widen in shock, and I hear a muttered " bitch " from somewhere across the room. The MC is the first to regain his composure and stammers if anyone wants to challenge my offer. Apparently, I just raised the stakes from a few hundred dollars into the thousands, and the women gathered aren't willing or able to fork over that large a sum for a date. All the better for me, and with a few words from the MC, the deal is done, and Edward is handed off to me. He descends the stage, moves around a few tables, and then he is standing in front of me, holding out his hand. "Hey, I'm Edward," he says. "Izzy," I reply, taking his hand. His eyes captivate me, but it's this first innocent touch that tethers me to him, making it almost impossible to break the handshake. Being this close to him, I can see his pupils dilate and the slight increase of his breaths. It could be the after-effects of having been in the spotlight before, but dare I hope he feels the same shift in atmosphere as I do? It's like the world around us is muted and slowed down, the only things registering the rapid beating of his heart, the feel of his hand in mine, and his scent of salt and cocoa butter. With it comes a sense of belonging I have never felt before. "Do I know you?" he asks. "I doubt it," I say. "I haven't been here in years." Blindly, I reach for my glass to take a sip, and his eyes zero in on my lips when I lick them. He swallows, and I am irrationally fascinated by the way his Adam's apple bobs in his throat. A brief thought flickers through my head, wondering how his taste would feel on my tongue, but I am quick to brush it aside, knowing I cannot, and will not, think of him as a meal, or even a snack. The few words we have exchanged have already been enough to confirm at least one detail of the oracle: this man is destined for me. I will just have to figure out to what extent exactly, but I have a feeling it may run deep. Rosalie calls my attention, and I reluctantly pull my eyes away from the man in front of me to meet her concerned ones. She quirks an eyebrow knowingly as she whispers a warning, too low for the humans around us to hear. "Be careful, child. You are drawing attention to us with the intensity between you." Edward seems to have taken the momentary distraction to collect his thoughts, and he clears his throat. Unable to ignore him, I snap my gaze back to him. "Would tomorrow morning at eight work for you?" he asks. At some point, I must have missed part of the conversation because I have absolutely no idea what he's talking about. My confusion must be written on my face because he elaborates. "I own a surf shop down the street, and part of your date with me is a private surf lesson. There's a decent swell coming in tomorrow, so we could meet at eight and try to catch a few waves before lunch. Have you surfed before?" Though I have tried many things, surfing isn't one of them, and I shake my head as I smile. "I'm sorry. I wasn't paying attention when they said that." "You're telling me you paid two thousand dollars for a date with me without knowing any of the fine print?" He laughs, and I'm glad he seems to feel at ease enough to bring some banter to the table. "Guilty as charged. I just had this feeling I had to get to know you…" I trail off, not feeling too comfortable discussing this already, and in this setting. "Anyway, I haven't surfed before, and I don't have a wetsuit, but I'm sure you're an amazing teacher, and eight is fine. Where do I meet you?" He asks for a pen and scribbles something on a napkin, handing it to me. "That's the name and address of my shop. And my number, in case you have trouble finding it." He grins nervously, and I hurry to answer with a smile of my own. Our fingers brush against the other's as the napkin moves from his hand to mine, reigniting the exciting spark I felt at the first touch. I am itching to prolong the contact, to talk to him some more, but a high-pitched voice angrily calls his name, and his posture stiffens. The girl the voice belongs to calls out to him again, and he motions to her that he's coming. I don't even bother to acknowledge her because whoever she is, she is inconsequential to my mission. He looks back at me apologetically. "I have to go. See you tomorrow?" I nod, carefully placing the napkin with his details in my purse. "I'll get Ben to refill your drinks, on me. Have fun tonight, and I'll see you tomorrow," he repeats. I follow his form as it moves across the club to where a short strawberry blonde in high heels is waiting for him impatiently. She looks like the epitome of Hollywood artificiality, and I wonder who she is to him. She catches him looking over his shoulder back at me and casts me a withering glare. The fiery orange glimmer in her eyes as she does so solidifies my intentions for the remainder of the night. The girl is a fellow witch, and she is using a lot of energy to keep a spell in place.