larger details can be agreed upon when that joyful day comes, but for now I want you to teach her, train her, show her the ways of our kind; in the meantime, you will aid her in learning to manipulate her shield. It will take time, this I understand, but one day and one day soon Isabella will lower her shield and then you will have your chance to alter her memories. Do you accept this task?" I looked down at the human girl again and felt a wave of pity roll over me. Naturally, I would accept this task albeit with no interest in the human's future. You did not refuse Aro. Not if you wanted to continue living. The girl blinked up at me with eyes that shone bright with new tears, her hands trembled just as uncontrollably as her shattered leg. "I accept." "Good. But first – Felix? Fetch me the girl, please?" Understanding what he meant by this, she begun to scramble away but she could not get very far, not on that broken leg. Not that the leg made any difference at all. She could have been in excellent health and still would not have made it to the doors. Felix nodded, before leaning down and scooping Isabella up by the throat. His grip was tight, not enough to break her neck but enough to hurt. Fresh tears streamed down her cheeks, and over onto his pale, carved knuckles. He held her there like a rag doll, before moving to meet Aro in the centre of the room, directly beneath the dome ceiling. There was no need to be as careful, not when any injury she had would soon vanish without a trace. "Please – No – Please!" Bella begged, attempting to maintain an upright position once he dropped her before Aro. I could see from the swelling on her calf and ankle that any pressure would only hinder her leg further, nevertheless the venom's healing properties would stich the bone together and heal the torn muscle with ease. "You will one day come to thank me for this, Isabella." He then cupped her face and brushed a thumb across her cheek, wiping away a stray tear. " Mia dolce figila." He had called her 'His Sweet Daughter.' She had already become his daughter. His eyes widened, his pupils dilated and for the first time ever I witnessed the hunter sleeping within Aro awaken and surface as he opened his mouth and leaned in to meet her neck. I heard the tear as his teeth sliced through her skin, the piercing scream that followed was unlike any I had heard before. Aro's hand flew up and shoved Felix with enough force to make the man almost twice his size stumble away, then he took Bella in his arms and held her to him, his tense fingers running through her hair, his palm on her lower back being the only support keeping the poor, limp girl from crumbling to the ground again. The scream from the bite had died out, but it would not be much longer before the fiery venom we all remembered too well begun coursing through her veins, changing each cell as it passes by. I did not know how long her transformation would last, she was starved and dehydrated after all, with broken bones and who knew what other hidden ailments. I hoped for her sake she would not suffer for very long. When Aro pulled away he seemed bewildered, lost in awe for a moment before reality set in and he wiped his arm across his mouth yet her blood still coloured his lips. Bella fell to the ground, writhing in the early stages of the agony. "Her blood," he tittered, facing each of us in the room. "Is very delicious. I found myself struggling to stop." His voice was somewhat uncertain, but I would not think that he would scrap all his plans just to finish off the girl himself. No. Aro's hopes were too strong to be conquered by appealing blood. An admirable trait, some would say. "I expect the Cullen's will arrive with the next few days, having just been released of Alec's hold on them. When they do, I would like for you to be here." "Yes, Master." "For tonight, go, finish your hunt if you have not done so already. I suggest you decide on how you will train our newest addition once her transformation is complete. I will call for you then." "Thank you, Master." Another low bow to him, and to Marcus and Caius also before I straightened and headed for the door. I did not look back at Bella but felt a strange desire to, deciding that I needed to maintain a carefree appearance, I left the throne room and continued down the hall. I did not stop until the sound of her blood-curdling, agonizing screams faded away. Asher's Note: Hello Everyone! This is the first chapter to my new story! First, this is a companion story – a prequel, really – to another story of mine called 'Remember a Love Long Lost' A story about Isabella who believes herself to be a Volturi Guard, and a valued and high ranking one at that. In Remember a Love Long Lost, Isabella discovers her memories are fake and placed there by Kai. She goes off with the Cullen's to try and discover who she used to be, whilst at the same time trying to keep a hold on whom she has become. This story is from Kai's POV and will follow Bella and himself as he teaches her the ways of the vampire, their laws and how to master her shield before he erased her identity forever. Newcomers to this story and the world, it is not necessary to read the main story as this is a prequel but I do suggest it. Everyone, Please, review and let me know what you think! ~Asher~