trying to help me avoid any broken limbs in the freshly rained on mud bog that was the parking lot, or if he wanted to be there to laugh at me if I finally fell. Thankfully, with his arm for support I made it to my car and Edward held my door open as I got in, leaning in afterwards to speak to me. "Bella, about earlier, I don't want you to think I hate your dad. I should thank him really. He gave Emmett and me the warning we needed to sort out our lives." "Thanks. He'd like to hear that from you. Maybe let him know if you see him anytime soon." "Maybe I will," Edward answered with a nod and a small grin. "I'll see you around, Swan." "Bye, Cullen." With that he closed my car door for me and I immediately missed his company. Monday. Unlike most of the human race I liked Mondays. It was a slow news day, and it was the day our paper hit the newsstands, both real and virtual. I had today off as I'd worked the weekend and as a result I didn't plan on doing much. I'd already gone to the local shop for a copy, or twelve, of the paper I was featured in and I'd even sprung for a copy of Edward's article, eager to see what he'd made of the day. I was now back in the warmth of my apartment with my cozy, fluffy, socks adorning my feet, my favorite baggy sweater keeping me warm and my gran's throw covering me on my ratty sofa. I was hugging a particularly nice mug of hot chocolate, complete with marshmallows and listening to the rain hitting my window panes. I shook out the newspaper and turned to my article. I knew full well what it said. I'd written it and re-written it; read it and re-read it so many times I was sure I'd spot any sneaky editing that took place between me submitting it and Alec approving it. Once I'd read my article and was happy it had been printed almost verbatim, I picked up Edward's paper. They were running with a different story on the front page which was likely to attract more readers than our offering regarding the ever so exciting new tree planting program that was to be rolled out along the highway. I turned to page five to see Edward's double spread, complete with color pictures. Damn him. There was his smug (and rather beautiful) professional byline shot, staring out at me from among the pictures of winning pies and pumpkins. The article was funny, witty and insightful, everything I anticipated from Edward, until I reached the last few paragraphs because then he went off on a tangent I wasn't expecting. Many loyal readers and I know there are a fair few in Forks, will remember my father was Chief Editor of this paper for over two decades. As a boy I clearly remember him returning home, kissing my mother on the cheek and placing his battered recorder on the telephone table in the hall. He loved that recorder and believed good tools were half the secret to his success. I think you'll agree his ability, enthusiasm and knowledge are all he needed to succeed but at Saturday's festival I met someone who reminded me why I wanted to follow in his footsteps. Why, along with soccer, being a reporter is what I wanted to do with my life. Why I would sneak up to the telephone table and hold that recorder, the one I was forbidden from touching, just to feel its weight, desperate to listen to all the tales it contained. This person had the very same recorder, but more importantly she also had his enthusiasm and ability to make an amazing reporter. I feel I should have told her this, and I didn't. So, in honor of the past, simpler life this recorder represents l would like to extend an invitation to her to allow me to take her to dinner. I didn't want to do this via Facebook or some equally impersonal medium such as text or email so, Bella, please read my scrappy predictions for the vegetable contest and instead you will see where I will be waiting tonight. I sincerely hope you will join me for what will possibly be the first of many dates. Readers, I will keep you updated. Or not. Because under Bella's shyness she's really ballsy and may well castrate me for this little stunt. If I'm speaking in a higher pitch next time I see you this romantic gesture didn't work. The article was followed by his professional tagline: Edward Cullen reports for Clallam county and welcomes your comments at . Hmm, now I had his email address. This could prove interesting. I saved that little snippet of information for later as I excitedly jumped up off the sofa, almost spilling my hot chocolate as I stood in my living room spinning in circles while I tried to think. What had I done with those pieces of paper? I'd completely forgotten about them so they must still be in the back pocket of the pants I was wearing that day. My stomach dropped, they had been caked in mud and obviously washed since then. I ran to my dresser, hoping I'd emptied my pockets before loading the washer. My dresser was a mess, scattered with all sorts of items including my credentials badge, some of those little disposable spoons I'd used to taste the various soups that were judged and...yes! Two small squares of paper. I unfolded one and saw, in Edward's neat scrawl… Gutoso Italia, Monday night at 8pm x Host's Note: Thank you for reading, and please don't forget to review. Public voting runs November 7th to November 13th. Please remember to keep this contest anonymous by not leaving hints or theories as to who the author may be.