to stay in places for longer than a month, enjoying the company of your family, I have to move frequently, silently, and alone. I'm tired of it all…I'm your wife , Edward!" Her fury melted away to uncensored yearning. "I want to be with you, and I know before I just wanted it to be the two us, but now I want to finally meet your family and become a part of it. And not just because I'm married to you, but because they want me." Edward stared at her as the yearning turned into disappointment. Bella continue staring out at the parking lot. "But I guess this was a mistake." "Bella— "Don't worry about it." Bella pushed herself off the car, but before she could get away, Edward was at her side with a tight grip on her wrist. "That's not what I meant, Bella." "Let go of me! I said I'll leave you and your family alone, so just- "NO, Isabella! You don't get to play the hurt card that makes me out to be the bad guy." Long suppressed anger and frustration bubbled its way to the surface unnoticed. "You left me, remember, not the other way around. You ran off to deal with them by yourself. I searched for you, Bella. I searched for years to find you and turned up empty had every time. You can't expect me to just accept your reappearance without any qualms or questions!" "I left for us, Edward – for you! I had to protect you." Bella pleaded "We were supposed to be in it together; at least that's what I thought our marriage vows meant." Edward spat. He really couldn't stop himself, even as Bella flinched like she'd been physically hit. "Or maybe our life together wasn't something you could get used to since it wasn't your usual standard of living; or maybe it was just me! Did you ever even love m— Edward was cut off by the sharp pain Bella's fist left. Her rage had returned. "Don't you dare, do you hear me, DARE finish that sentence. I get that you're angry, furious even, I do; but don't you ever doubt how I felt for you and what I still feel for you and what I will always feel for only you. You don't get to do that, not after what I've sacrificed." "What you've sacrificed?" Edward murmured incredulously while nursing his jaw. Bella step away from him, her ire once again flicking off like a switch and giving way to a sorrow that made Edward's stomach churn. He looked away from her as she brokenly whispered her next words. "Would you let me die knowing you were the sole cause? Could you really be that selfish, Edward? I couldn't, not when your life is at stake." They had reached an impasse; neither willing to budge on their opinion or admit that the other may have had a point. After a few minutes of silence, Bella spoke again, eyes on her husband who had yet to spare her a single glance "Look, I'm sorry for coming here the way I did. I honestly don't know what I was expecting," she laughed bitterly at the ground trying to keep her face from scrunching up, "but it wasn't fair to you and I'll make sure to fix everything before I go, ok?" She glimpsed Edward's face hoping for some sort of response, but when he continued to gaze at the trees across the street, she turned and walked away. "Stay." Edward couldn't believe what he'd just uttered. He couldn't believe he was doing this after the pain she'd left for him. Emmet was right, he was a masochist; but as he watched her back walk away from him again he couldn't help but say the word that would make her stop midstride and whirl around to face him. He searched her face, not knowing what he was looking for. "Stay," his voice stronger the second time….He could let go of everything for a little bit. He wasn't sure what he found in her eyes, but he knew he still loved her; it was impossible for him not to. He would allow himself to have her for a little while, and when he got his fill, he would let her go; but as Bella ambled over to him and hesitantly pressed herself against his chest, her scent filled his nose. Her rich chestnut locks obscured his vision. He could breathe again. Edward wasn't so sure if he'd ever get enough. He slowly, unsurely wrapped his arms around her tightly and took her in before they were startled apart. "Edward!" They both jumped at the sound of his name from his approaching siblings. "What's going on, Edward? How do you know her?" Jasper asked taking lead. It looked like he more than just knew her, to me. He pushed Bella behind him before throwing a glare in Emmet's direction. "I told you guys to stay at the table. I had the situation under control." "Yes, we can obviously see that. Now answer the question. What's it going on!" Leave it to Rosalie to get everyone angry. "You two know each other?" Jasper probed, getting straight to the point. Edward's brothers and sister looked at him keenly, waiting for his answer. He glared silently, conveying that he had no intention of answering any of their questions, especially that one. Luckily for him, Bella was not averse to doing so, and pushed around him. She smiled nervously, glancing at them all. "Bella – She held out her hand to them. "I'm Bella, Edward's wife." "WHAT?!" "YOU'RE NOT A VIRGIN?!" A/N: Okay so I've always been obsessed with idea of Edward having a secret wife, lover that his family didn't know about and here's my take on it. Is it completely garbage? Worth continuing? Please leave me a review and let me know! Flames are accepted, but constructive criticism is appreciated. Extreme Editing 8/6/15