collar, fast fingers working the buttons of his shirt. He loses his balance but catches himself before letting me lead him backward to the bedroom where I push him down on the bed. He watches as I slowly undo my belt and strip the sweater dress up over my head. Unable to contain himself, he sits up and pulls me close by the back of my legs. Burying his face between my breasts, he hums. "You feel good." Running my fingers through his hair, I close my eyes. "You too." He makes quick work of my bra clasp. The straps fall down my arms, baring my chest to him. I throw my head back when he takes a nipple into his warm mouth, simultaneously hooking his fingers into my panties to pull them down around my ankles. Stepping out, I straddle him on the end of the bed, my hands plunging between us to get his pants undone. I'm impatient and sloppy in my movements but they get the job done and soon enough, he's hard in my hand. I needlessly stroke him, rubbing the shaft between my legs to get him wet before sinking down on it. Both of us groan, Edward resting his forehead against my chest while I hold onto his hair and begin to move. If the thought of Edward between my legs was too much then this is damn near impossible to stand. I've pictured us over and over. On this bed. In his truck. By the lake. Name it and I've pictured it. The anticipation has left me wound tight for weeks. It doesn't take long for the physical contact to drive me up to the edge and slowly push me off. It hits me quicker than I expect. The tingles. The numbing haziness in my head. Wrapping my arms around his shoulders, I moan and squeeze tight, lightly convulsing against him. His arms find their way around my waist, and he flips us so he's on top before it even passes. His hips buck into me, making my eyes roll into the back of my head. My hands run over his chest and down his stomach, my fingers V-ing where we meet. I can feel him slick against them, sliding in and out of me. Mouth agape, he watches until it's too much. Stilling his hips, he seeks out my lips to ground him. I kiss him back, grinding against him to try my damnedest to catch up. Grabbing my hips, he tries to stop me, but I'm on the cusp of something strong, adamant. My body wants this just as much as his does. I can tell. Edward curses under his breath, pushing into me again and triggering the start of my second orgasm. We come at the same time, moaning into each other's hot, swollen mouths. The moans fade out to light kisses. He trails them down my neck while I pepper his cheek then his temple until he rolls off me and I can't reach him with my lips at all. I turn to face him, watching his chest rise and fall as we try and catch our breath. Placing my hand over his heart, I officially giving him mine. … The time eventually comes when the Cullen men have to decide if they stay or go. My stomach is in knots from sunup to sundown when Edward returns to my bed. I know he's going back since he had a life there and there are things he has to take care of. But we don't discuss his return. When he is. If he is. To be honest, I don't think he's decided and I don't want to push it. What if it tipped the scale in the wrong direction? Rose calls me crying the night they leave for the city. I don't say anything, just listen to her sob until she either hangs up or has fallen asleep. My heart breaks for her, almost as much as it will for myself if Edward chooses not to return to me, too. A couple weeks feels like a year. Even though Edward and I talk daily there's no mention of a time frame. I'm in limbo, voicing how much I miss him but not really sure if he hears it. The Wednesday before Thanksgiving, Rose is still a mess. It's up to me to plan and execute the dinner even though I don't feel very thankful either. We're all gathered around the table. Dad with the turkey, Mom by his side. The kids and grandparents all scattered. Royce might as well have spent the holiday at the office since he can't seem to pull his nose out of his day planner. And Rose is planted at her end, a full bottle of wine at the ready when there's a knock at the door. My heart seizes. Rose perks up. "I thought everybody was already here. Who are we missing?" Mom asks in an accusatory tone. Dad sounds just as annoyed. "Ain't nobody missing." Not true. "Better question is who's at the door? It's Thanksgiving. They should be with their family, not knocking on doors." I roll my eyes, glancing over at Rose before excusing myself to answer. The frigid wind whooshes in, taking my breath. Rusty brown hair burns my eyes. Or maybe that's the tears that break free when I find Edward standing on the other side of the door. "Had to pack up all my things and find someone to sublet my apartment. But it's done. I'm here." "To stay?" I ask, looking like a blubbering ditz. Stepping into the doorway, Edward wraps his arms around my waist and presses his forehead to mine. "Yeah. I'm here to stay." Host's Note: Thank you for reading, and please don't forget to review. Public voting runs November 7th to November 13th. Please remember to keep this contest anonymous by not leaving hints or theories as to who the author may be.