it was stupid, but nothing bad happened yet so," I shrugged, wondering if that made any sense. "Bella, it's not stupid. Tanya was a retard for calling you that last year, and you didn't have to do anything to prove her right. Maybe this British dude will be a good friend in the future…maybe have a cute, hunky man for some phone sex," she hinted, wiggling her eyebrows at me. I shook my head at Alice and we finished our lunch. The rest of our friends came shortly afterwards and we went to go see a movie. The whole time I was worried that Alice was going to say something about Edward, but thankfully she didn't. During the movie, I realized I had forgotten to text him back and silently cursed at myself for forgetting to do that again. When the movie was over, I excused myself to the bathroom, but really I was texting Edward. Sorry, but I can't call you my dirty little secret anymore:( My one friend forced me to tell her about you a little. Haha, she said we could have dirty phone sex eventually though;) -B After I hit send, I couldn't believe I texted the last part of that text message, but the damage to me was done. Since it was close to midnight in England, I hoped that maybe he'd read the text when he was half asleep. I walked out of the bathroom after enough time passed to make it seem like I went to the bathroom and we all went our respective ways back home. I drove Mike back home to my place for him to get his car. He mindlessly spoke about the movie and about his upcoming football season while I drove. My phone buzzed a few times while I was driving and I knew I dug myself into a phone sex hole. When we finally arrived back at home, my dad still wasn't home, but a note was stuck to the door. Will be back home between 6 and 7. There's some fish in the fridge that you can cook for dinner. –Charlie What a way for my dad to be subtle that he wanted me to cook fish for him. Mike honked his car's horn a few times and I turned around to see him with his head out the window. "I forgot to ask if you were coming to Jess's party tonight at nine. Are you? First big party of the year. I know you're not fond of parties, but we're seniors now. We need to rule this year!" he shouted, smiling at me. I wasn't planning on going to her party, but I didn't keep it out of my thoughts either. The party sounded fun, but I wasn't sure I wanted to go. I didn't need my dad arresting me. "I'm not sure, Mike. I'll text you later if I'll be going." Mike frowned at me then waved at me and left. I went inside my house and checked my phone to find three messages from Edward. I think I like this friend of yours. Although I think I'd rather talk to you than have phone sex x –E I need to get to know a lady's voice before knowing what I can except to come out of it and know what I can get out of that beautiful mouth during any sex;) x –E And you're still my dirty little secret no matter what x –E Edward brought a smile to my face no matter how perverted he was in his texts. He always seemed to make even the most perverted things seem perfect. He broke through me within the first month we started texting each other and to be honest it scared the hell out of me since no other boy could do that in this kind of way. You just say the most perfect things. Even if they're perverted –B I walked to the kitchen and placed my phone on the counter while getting out some pans to start cooking the fish as it was a little after four o'clock. Every now and then I would look over at my phone, wondering when he'd text me back, but it never came. The fish was close to being done cooking when my phone started to ring. I picked it up off the counter to find out that Edward was calling me. I stared at it for a while seriously considering answering it. I looked over at the clock to see that it was almost five and I had at least one hour before my dad came home. My phone stopped vibrating, but then it began again and his name popped up again. I took a breath before answering it. "Hi," he greeted. He had a thick accent that was sexy as hell with just that one word. "Hi, you have one hour before Charlie comes home, and you better not be calling just for phone sex," I addressed, not quite sure how I kept a stern voice. "I wouldn't think of it, Bella," he laughed. With that laugh and sexy accent I was done for. As of right now, this is only going to be a one-shot. Whether or not I continue this will depend on if I have the time and what the general public's opinion is of it probably. I don't even have an outline for this, but I know the general next few chapters' main points. If this is to continue, the next chapter would take place about eight years in the future as this would be the prologue. So, give me your opinion of the story. Love it? Hate it? Tell me what you thought of it. I haven't written anything in forever and it would greatly help me out in what I need to improve. So…for now, I hope to see you through the screen with any future works or continuations. Have a great rest of the day/night:)