up onto the sofa. Doc smiled. "I'd offer you two beds, but I know you'd refuse…we only have the one unused." I grimaced, knowing what they used them for. "'S okay, Doc; werewolves can crash anywhere." Leah was already out, sliding down from my shoulder to pillow her head on my leg. It would have felt a whole lot more awkward if I hadn't been in her head enough to know she thought of me as a brother more than anything. Most of the time she was more or less annoyed with me, but in times like this she was glad I was there to call on. Leaning my head against the back of the sofa, I let sleep claim me. oOo I woke to the faint light just before dawn. Dr Fang sat exactly where I had seen him last, except a thick book lay open across his legs. Huh. My vision even in human form was better than the average person's, but I sure couldn't see to read in this light. Someone had put a pillow behind my head, and had taken off Leah's shoes and covered her with a blanket. Musta been Esme. "Hey, Doc…how is he?" I spoke in a low voice, trying not to wake Leah…not that I really had to worry about it. "About the same…his breathing does seem to be improving some, though." "Do you…think I should bring Mandy back here?" I couldn't make myself put into words what I was really asking. "Only if you think her presence would significantly help him. We're going to pull him through this, Jake." "You weren't so sure yesterday," I said harshly. "Last night was critical," he explained. "He made it through…I won't say he's out of danger, but his chances are a lot higher." "I'll wait on getting Mandy, then. Having her here would help him, but I don't want her seeing him like this." Dr Fang shrugged. "That's your decision." Leah raised her head from my leg, blinking sleepily. "What time'sh it?" she mumbled. "Almost four thirty," the doc answered without looking at any clock. Leah yawned and pushed the blanket back, stumbling across the room to the bathroom. "Was she awake?" Dr Fang questioned. I chuckled. "Nope," I answered, rubbing my thigh where she had been lying. I winced as the blood flowed back into my foot. She was a nightmare to wake for patrol duty; some of the wolves preferred to run double shift themselves. "Think I'll leave her the sofa." I got up, carefully testing my tingling foot before making my way to the armchair. "Don't tell Ness Leah was asleep in my lap." Dr Fang chuckled. "She's a little young to care, Jake." "Now, yeah. But she'll remember it, and in ten years it'll make her jealous." He chuckled again. "My lips are sealed." Leah reappeared, her eyes half closed as she groped her way back to the sofa. She fell into it, pulling the blanket back over herself as she curled into the cushions. I knew she was already asleep again. oOo "Any idea what you ate, Seth?" Doc questioned late the next afternoon. He had pronounced Seth out of danger by mid-morning, and now he was half sitting up on the sofa as Dr Fang checked him again. Seth shrugged sheepishly. "Nice piece of meat was just lying there; seemed a shame to waste it." Leah made a disgusted noise; she hated eating raw. Didn't do any good to tell her it was natural for wolves. Sue smiled tearfully, wrapping her arms around Seth's shoulders. "It doesn't matter…I'm just glad you're all right." I growled low in the back of my throat. All right, if his mother wasn't gonna talk to him about this, then his alpha would have to. "Seth. You don't just eat dead things you find lying around; you don't know how long they've been dead or what killed them." "It smelled all right, Jake," he whined. "Yeah, so obviously that doesn't mean anything. You don't kill it, you don't eat it. Got that?" "Yeah," he mumbled. "And what were you doing in wolf form, anyway? I thought you were going to stop phasing so Mandy won't get much older than you." Seth gave me his eager grin. "I like being a wolf, Jake. I thought just once…" I shook my head sharply. "Doesn't work that way, Seth. You phase, you stop aging, and we don't know for how long. And from what just happened, I'd say you have a lot of maturing to do before you're ready to marry my sister!" "Jacob," Sue whispered. "Pack discipline, Sue," I half snarled. "Let me handle it." "I'm sorry, Jake," Seth whimpered. Rolling half on his side, he pulled his hands up like paws, "showing throat" as if he had been in wolf form. "Don't be mad?" I sighed, fighting back a smile at his antics. "Mad, Seth? You had me scared stiff, buddy; I wasn't sure you were even gonna make it all the way back to the house. Next time I see you fighting for your life like that, it had better be because you jumped into danger to save Mandy, not because you're a foolish pup who can't keep his teeth out of poisoned meat. Got that?" "Yeah, Jake. I'll grow up." I snorted. "You'd better. Can you keep from phasing on your own, or do you need an alpha command?" "No, Jake; I can do it." "Good." I smiled and clapped him on the shoulder. "Good to see you feeling better, buddy." The End I proofread all my stories at least once before posting, but if you see any mistakes I might have missed, please let me know! Please note that I have internet access only once a week, and may not have time to respond to all reviews/messages. If you have questions regarding my Twilight alternate history, check my profile first to see if they're answered there. Thanks for your understanding! Barbie