I should know something about it." I took a deep breath. "Alright…let's hear it." "So, Jake told me the other day that you have a…well, that you are dating someone." Seth tilted his head at me with a doubtful smirk. "Are you…jealous?" "No! No, no, it's not that. He just seemed kind of weird about it. And when I asked him he wouldn't tell me why." "Well, I get how it feels about it. But, we just can't wait around forever for it to happen, you know? I mean, half of Sam's pack lucked out, and well, so did Jake. But you never know when it will happen, or if it will even happen at all. I mean, look at Leah. And what if it doesn't happen for me, either, and I've spent my life just waiting around for the moment . No, thanks. Plus, Jenna's really cute." He grinned. "Seth, what in the world are you talking about?" Seth looked at me incredulously, but his expression softened after a moment. "You don't know." I threw up my hands in exasperation. "Yeah. That's why I'm here. So tell me what I don't know, please?" He shook his head. I could practically hear him grinding his teeth. "No. This is for him to say. He should have told you a long time ago! He knows what it's like. Why didn't he tell you? I mean, he's the alpha, but that was totally the wrong call." "Did he put a gag order on you?" "No." "Then tell me." "I shouldn't, Ness. I really shouldn't. He should. I'll tell you what. Give him one chance, ok? There's no gag order on me. So if he won't tell you, then I will." My heart thumped erratically in my chest. The cryptic conversation with Seth had occupied my thoughts the whole way back to the house. I'd ignored my cell phone for most of the trip, though I knew I'd have some explaining to do. Before I'd decided to leave, Alice and Jasper had gone hunting, and my parents were occupied in the cabin, so I took the opportunity of their absence to successfully lie to my family. I told Carlisle that Jacob and I were going to visit Seth. That I'd meet Jacob in Forks after he finished patrolling and we'd go together. It was a weak lie, and I wasn't sure I would make it to Seth before someone found out, but my luck had held out. For the most part, anyway. I glanced at the list of missed calls on my phone. Alice. And before her, Rosalie. Then Jacob three times, and Alice again. I sighed. Everyone would be worried, but Jake also wouldn't appreciate my pushing an issue he evidently wasn't ready to address. Seth's ultimatum wasn't exactly encouraging, and I already felt guilty for going behind Jake's back. In a burst of inspiration, I headed for Charlie's house. Sue answered the door, a frown of consternation replacing the usual welcome smile. Someone had called the house. Of course. "Come here," She said, not unkindly, and wrapped me up in a hug. "Your grandfather is still at the station. Let's go inside." "Did Alice call you?" I asked, "I guess I didn't tell anyone I was headed here." "Jacob called. He was frantic. Let me get you something to drink. Are you hungry?" "Yes," I admitted. I hadn't eaten anything since yesterday afternoon. "I'll make you a sandwich." "Thanks, Sue." I fiddled with the strings of my hoodie for a few awkward moments as I watched her move about the kitchen. "How's Leah?" I ventured. Sue Clearwater Swan was Seth and Leah's mother. She was my grandmother by marriage. Technically, that made Seth and Leah my uncle and aunt, respectively. But we usually ignored that fact. "Oh, Leah's fine. She works a lot, but she seems to enjoy it." She smiled and handed me a plate. "Have a seat, honey." I sat. The sandwich was delicious, and I ate it in quick silence, then took a huge gulp of the juice she offered me. I swallowed the last bite, looking up at her guiltily. "Who knows I'm here?" As if in answer, Jake burst through the door. He was panting and shoeless, with just a pair of sweatpants pulled hastily up. He looked wildly to Sue, then saw me. "Nessie!" He started towards me, then apparently thought better of it, but the intensity of his expression didn't lessen. "Where the hell were you?" "Jacob, she's safe. It's ok." "No, it sure as hell is not ok. You had everyone worried sick! You know Alice can't see you, and your parents are going crazy –" I yanked my phone from my pocket and rapidly sent out a text, I'm fine, at Charlie's with Jacob. "There," I said quietly. "Now they have no reason to worry." The phone rang and Sue went to answer it. Jake glared at me, and I glared back. "Where did you go?" "That's none of your business." He blinked. "You lied, Renesmee." "Yes." "You lied and everyone was worried! Why?" I bit my lip. I hated the thought of causing my family stress. "Tell me why!" "Because I knew you'd never let me go alone!" I shouted, struck with anger at the injustice of it. "Because you lie to me !" He stared at me. "What?" "You've been lying to me about something! And you're just upset I managed to get anywhere without a chaperone! Well, guess what? I'm back, and I'm fine ! I made it to Seattle with no problems –" "You went to Seattle?" " That's all you heard?" I stepped around him and started for the door. He grabbed my wrist. "Nessie, wait." I yanked my arm free. "No. You don't listen to me, so why should I listen to you?" I turned away before he could see the tears starting in my eyes and stormed out the back door. He didn't follow me.