that house; I just liked playing with ideas for it. I smiled to myself as he came to help me out of the car. As I stood, I pressed my hand suddenly to my chest. "Carlisle…" "Esme? What's wrong, love?" For an instant I thought the worry in his voice was real; I was ready to reassure him when I caught the glint of his eye. "My heart…it's racing…pounding out of my chest. He smiled indulgently. "Esme, love, it's physiologically impossible for your heart to be racing and pounding at the same time." I scowled. "Well, if you're going to be that picky, it's physiologically impossible for my heart to beat at all." He laughed softly. "All right, love. If your heart's acting up that badly, I suppose you must be lightheaded?" "Terribly," I murmured, stumbling and falling against him. He swept me up into his arms. "Let's get you up to bed. Lay your head on my shoulder and close your eyes." I obeyed, imagining for a moment that I really was slightly lightheaded as I tried unsuccessfully to remember from my human days what it had felt like to be sick. He laid me against the pillows on the bed and carefully removed my earrings, returning them to their box. Then he helped me out of my dress and into a nightgown that was longer and less revealing than the ones I usually wore for him; Alice must have left it. I hoped she didn't think I was being too silly with this playacting… Carlisle removed my hairpins, not recklessly like he usually did, losing half of them to all corners of the room, but with calm slowness. He gently ran his fingers through my hair, pulling it from its twist to lay over my shoulders. He brushed a hand over my forehead and frowned. "Burning up. Where does it hurt, love?" he asked, pulling the covers up around me. "All over," I murmured. "Everything aches." He sat beside me on the edge of the bed and proceeded to question me about symptoms for the next half hour. I was sure he was making up some of the more exotic-sounding ones; I could tell by the glint in his eye and the light teasing in his voice that he wasn't taking this game very seriously. Only once, when I had confessed to being "slightly nauseated," did he turn serious for a moment. "Esme, love…honestly, now. Did you eat any human food at the party that you need to bring up?" "No," I assured him. Once, when I was still fairly young, I had eaten human food when I was on my own. It had lain heavy in my stomach, but I had assumed my body would eventually absorb it somehow. After a full day, Edward had quietly told Carlisle that I had eaten human food and hadn't gotten rid of it. Carlisle had explained to me then that getting rid of it wasn't a matter of easing the discomfort, as I had thought, but an actual necessity, except for small amounts of water or other liquids. I always told him now if I had food I needed to get rid of, but it was less embarrassing if he was the one to bring the topic up. Finally Carlisle finished questioning me and shook his head. "You've answered yes to almost everything, love; if you really came in presenting all those symptoms, I'd have to diagnose you with four or five different illnesses just to cover them all. And if I treated you for all of them, you'd think I was torturing you, not pampering you." "Carlisle, play right," I pouted. "Of course, with all those symptoms, you'd really be too miserable to care much either way," he continued mercilessly. "Carlisle! You promised you'd pamper me." He chuckled softly, shaking his head. "You're supposed to be mildly ill, love, not dying of every disease known to man. Let's start over, shall we? You're feeling achy and lightheaded…" He pressed his hand to my face. "You're burning up, love; we have to get you cooled down." He disappeared from the bed, and as I waited for him to return with a cool cloth I wondered why he had bothered asking me about all those symptoms if he was just going to end up telling me how I felt himself. The cool cloth I was waiting for never came. Instead, I felt the bed shift as Carlisle slipped into the other side. Opening my eyes, I saw that he had removed his shirt…and I really doubted he was wearing dress pants to bed. "What are you doing , Carlisle?" He grinned devilishly. "Cooling you off, love," he replied, laying his bare chest against me. He wrapped his arm over my chest so that his hand lay against my neck. "This isn't how you'd pamper me if I was sick, Carlisle," I protested halfheartedly; I couldn't be really annoyed with him with his fingers softly tickling the skin of my neck. He pushed himself up on his arm to smirk down at me. "Maybe not. Admit it, love; you like this better." It was then that I realized what a silly I had been. Carlisle already pampered me shamelessly; I didn't need the worry or discomfort of being sick. And then all thoughts fled as his lips came down on mine. Yes, he was right; I liked this much better. The End A/N: I really have to look up two incompatible abnormal heart rates; I'm not sure the ones I picked are. Barbie I proofread all my stories at least once before posting, but if you see any mistakes I might have missed, please let me know! Please note that I have internet access only once a week, and may not have time to respond to all reviews/messages. If you have questions regarding my Twilight alternate history, check my profile first to see if they're answered there. Thanks for your understanding! Barbie