freeze on the spot, still embarrassed to have caught the couple having sex. The couple finished up and then she was faced with the beautiful vampires, both with ruby eyes. She had fair hair, tousled from the sex, and he had natural messy brown locks, both of them slim and unbothered by being caught by her. "I am Athenodora, Caius' wife," the woman introduced herself as, and Bella refrained from blushing at the implications. "I'm Demetri. I am one of the Volturi guard and their best tracker," the man smiled at her pleasantly, though he seemed uncomfortable in her presence. She could guess it had to do with her scent and her being human, and that Athenodora felt the same. Their postures were entirely too straight to be anything but. "You must be the human girl Edward Cullen has enchanted under his spell," Athenodora remarked in amusement. Edward. Edward. EDWARD. Bella didn't notice she was hyperventilating. She didn't notice the tears immediately springing into her eyes. She didn't notice her backing away and starting to fold in on herself, her hands quickly moving to clutch at her chest. She didn't notice the two vampires looking at her in alarm, asking her what was wrong. All she knew was the hole in her chest was ripped open again and the agonizing pain was hitting her like a battering ram. " Rinse him from your system, Bells. He's bad for you." Jacob. " Bella, you know that song? Just rinse and cleanse him. I told you about Edward." Jessica. " He's a leech!" Paul. " Rinse." " Cleanse." " Rinse and cleanse ." "I can't. I can't. I can't! Edward, Edward, Edward, Edward," she started muttering to herself, rocking herself back and forth as her arms grasped around her body as if to hold herself together. That was all she could mutter. His name. Nothing else was registering. Not even Athenodora picking her up and holding her to her bosom, running to a sofa to rock her near the fire, muttering reassurances into her ear and wincing from the emotions Bella was throwing out. "Demetri," Athenodora struggled to speak. "Come here." Demetri had been leaning his head heavily against a bookshelf, trying to clear his head and separate him and his emotions from Bella. Hearing his lover though, he forcibly looked towards them, taking slow steps to move closer. It was hard, what with the force of emotions blaring from the human and hitting him. "I'm sorry," Athenodora gasped into Bella's ear. "I hadn't meant to hurt you." When Demetri finally reached them, Athenodora reached out with one hand and led him to her other side, placing Bella between them. They muttered assurances into the girl's ear, but she didn't respond, eyes dull and face twisted into unimaginable pain. "Edward, Edward, Edward, Edward, Edward," she repeated over and over again, like a broken record. "Demetri, I haven't seen such a reaction before. You must find my husband. Or better yet, Marcus. He is the closest one to her," Athenodora said in worry. Demetri nodded, extracting himself. He sped out of the room, hurrying to find either vampire. Athenodora held Bella closer, tighter, and kept whispering into her ear, eyes fluttering close and wishing that she could spill tears. "I'm sorry." Marcus and Demetri burst in first, followed by Caius, Aro, and surprisingly Sulpicia, who wandered in behind the others with a bored expression. The group reeled back in horror as they were battered with wave after wave of agony, sometimes accompanied by flashes of images that they caught only because they were vampires and their minds were fast enough to process them. "Edward, Edward –" "It is here where I wish that Zafrina had accepted our offer our join us," Marcus winced. Aro looked at him in confusion, barely able to be confused when his mind just wanted to be immersed in the pain and be left alone, even though he himself was logically wishing the pain gone. It was Bella's influence he knew. Because she could only feel pain and had no time or want to feel anything else. But Aro forced himself to reach out and touch his brother's hand, face lighting up in understanding as Marcus pulled away and moved to Bella's side, taking her from Athenodora. "Bella, my love, I am here." And it was not Marcus' voice that spoke from his lips, but an imitation of a vampire that had ensnared the little human in his arms. "Edwa –" She stilled at his voice. Her eyes unseeing, Marcus got away with his illusion. "Zafrina would have been useful," Aro muttered too low for Bella to hear, but the others did. For the Amazon coven member had been able to project illusions into the minds of others, and a complete illusion was exactly what Bella needed right then. "Edward Cullen, hm," Sulpicia surprisingly spoke up. "A woman's heart is a fragile thing, no matter how strong or independent we will ourselves to be. No matter what we say, we can't help but be ruled with our emotions. The next time that boy comes here, he is dead," she ended coldly. She strode passed everyone, close to Marcus and Athenodora, and knelt down to face Bella's unfocused eyes. "I will never forgive a man who will destroy a girl so utterly she doesn't know how to go on without death." She glanced at the rest of the men hanging back warily, "Go. This requires a woman's touch. Marcus, you may stay since she is clearly comfortable and safe with you. But don't use his voice. She must clean herself of that boy's influence." That seemed to have reached Bella. "I can't, I can't! I can't rinse and cleanse ! I will die without him! Do any of you understand?! I can't rinse and cleanse ! He's my personal drug!" Sulpicia flinched. "Go." And she was left with Marcus and Athenodora, and a broken human girl. Started 9/7/09 –Completed 12/16/09