showering, Bella laid down underneath the blankets on the couch. Her thoughts swirled around in her head as they often did at night. She worried about her parents and Eric. Divorce had come up often lately and she hoped it wouldn't come true. She worried that she actually never would find a husband because she was ugly and shy. What if her studies were not enough to grant her a good life? She groaned internally begging her mind to turn off though it never did. The dark house and creaking noises that came from the old wood kept Bella up until the deep of night and she wished desperately that she brought the book she had started reading from the church. Finally, she fell into a restless sleep, full of murmuring dreams that she couldn't remember when she woke up. The next day was the same as always, hot and humid. Bella's mother, Renee, picked her up shortly after she woke and took her home. She didn't speak much on the ride home and went straight to her and Eric's room when she got home. He wasn't there which meant they had probably sent him off to a friends house as well. It didn't take long before she heard the beginning of an argument starting downstairs. She sighed and waited to see if it would resolve itself. It didn't. Her parents voices grew louder and clearer until she could hear the entirety of what their argument was about. She sprung from her twin bed where she was laying. "Ugh!" Bella uncharacteristically shrieked as she stalked downstairs. Her parents were yelling in the kitchen and barely noticed her as she reached the front door. "Going to church." She said barely above a mumble. As if you care , she added mentally, slamming the front door closed. The walk through the desert land from her parents house to the church was shorter than the one she had walked last night and it was a path she knew well. The trail was a bit wider than the normal ones that led in and through the fields due to her frequent use. A similar irrigation ditch followed her path and she looked down at her reflection again. Will I ever be pretty like Jessica? The question floated around in her head and she found the same thoughts she had from last night coming back. Jessica had always been pretty, even as a child and her looks reflected that fact now. Did this mean Bella would always been ugly and plain? She hoped not. Bella looked up suddenly, lost in the reflection of her thoughts and realized she was lost. She had been following the irrigation ditch and hadn't realized she had taken a wrong turn. She had never made a wrong turn in the deserts she had walked since she was a child before. Well, what a great day this is already turning out to be. First the fight and now I'm lost! Seriously when do I get lost in the desert? That's more of Eric's expertise, she thought sourly. She turned and followed the irrigation ditch back down to where she thought she came from. The thin yellow dress she had changed into before leaving her parents clung to her skin as the humidity and rising temperature made her sweat. The sun was almost directly overhead now which meant she had been in the fields for nearly an hour. Bella knew this wasn't good because she hadn't lathered up her pale, freckled skin with sunscreen before she left and soon it would start burning. The irrigation ditch did not direct her in the right way and she groaned internally. She hated sun burns and with her pale skin she had enough of them to last her a life time. Movement in the water caught her attention. Usually the water was stagnant unless is was raining, which it wasn't and hadn't for a while. She often wondered why the water never dried but it just never did. Bella followed the direction it moved as her curiosity caught up to her. Regardless of her mature mentality, she was still 12 years old. I'll just see where it's going, she reasoned with herself. The water went downstream not too much further before it ended in a small swirling vortex that led nowhere but seemed to suck the water down it. She wondered if there was an uncapped or broken pipe causing the suction and carefully lowered herself down to the ground to feel into the water. Her arm went halfway in and felt nothing but the swirling of water, even though the ditch didn't seem deeper than a foot and the water even less than that. She leaned in a bit further feeling around and still found nothing. The loose dirt siding shifted under her weight and left her falling into the water. She yelped in surprise and expected to hit the soggy ground of the ditch yet found herself spiraling as the feeling of weightlessness surrounded her. What seemed like forever later she landed with a thump. Her head whipped around and instead of wet hair lashing her face she realized she was dry. The air was crisper, and refreshing and after evaluating her surroundings she found herself surrounded by lush greenery that was nothing like the parched desert of the Phoenix she knew. Owls hooted and fireflies filled the night sky above her. Night?! She wondered, It had just been afternoon! The sun was directly overhead! She shivered in her dress that now did absolutely nothing the shield her from the cold. Her surveillance of the surrounding area revealed what she had already assumed since landing. She was completely alone in the night and the thought made tears well up in her eyes and pouring down her cheeks like silver streams. What have I done? Little did she know that her curiosity about the swirling water had landed her 300 years lost in time.