reach out my hand after setting down my drink. "Felix." He takes my hand and reaches over the bar to kiss me on my cheek. "Nice to meet you, Izzy." The next few hours, whenever he has a free moment, Felix flirts with me. If I'm honest, I rather like the attention he gives me. During the night, I often feel someone staring at me, but when I try to figure out who's doing the staring, I don't see a thing. I sigh and smile back at Felix who has finished his shift and is now keeping me company. "And what do you do?" he asks me. "Nothing really, but I love to write." It wasn't entirely a lie. I love to write, and I'm doing nothing at the moment. "Are you looking for a job?" That question throws me out of the loop. This is an amazing opportunity. If Felix gives me a job in this bar, then maybe I can get closer to Whitlock. "Are you offering me one?" I throw back. "Maybe. I'm managing this place, but I have to talk with the owner, of course," Felix answers honestly. I smile at him. "I have to be honest. I've never worked in a bar before," I say to him. "I have no experience." "No problem." Felix smiles at me. "I can teach you everything I know." He inches closer when my phone rings. "Excuse me." I look at my phone and see it's a text. The department gave me a new number for my assignment. It's a text from my so-called boyfriend. I frown and read it. Where are you? – A Edward's undercover name is Anthony and he is supposed to text me, to let me know that he is ready. I look at Felix. "Something wrong, Sweetheart?" he asks concerned. I shake my head and type an answer. None of your business. – I I put my phone away and look back at Felix. "Some guy who won't leave me alone." "Do I have to threaten him?" he asks bluntly. I laugh and shake my head. Meanwhile, I wait for the action to start. "No, I hope he gets the message," I answer. Felix inches closer and takes my face his hands. "Isabella!" "Felix!" Two voices call out our names at the same time. I look in the direction my name came from, and see Edward standing close by. I hope he doesn't want a job as an actor, because if that look is supposed to be an angry look, he is failing. "Izzy," Felix calls my attention. I look at him with a scared look. "My boss is calling me. I will be right back." I only nod, because, right now, I have to act right now like the bitch girlfriend of Anthony Masen. I look back at Edward, and he is still looking angry, or what he calls angry. I stand and walk over to him. "What are you doing here?" I ask him. "Looking for you!" he yells. "Do you know how many bars and clubs I've been to?" "Like I care." "Who is that guy?" Edward points to Felix. "The bartender," I answer like it's nothing. "And doesn't he have work to do, instead of flirting with my girlfriend!" Edward shouts. "I don't know," I answer. "Ask him." Hopefully nobody sees through our cover, otherwise this is all for nothing. "You're coming home with me!" Edward orders. "No," I state. "I'm not going anywhere. I'm having far too much fun." " You are coming with me. " Edward stresses out every word, and I just smile at him. "Are you deaf?" I ask him. "You can go home, but I'm staying." Now it's time for Edward to show everyone he is a thug. He grips my hand tightly, and I try to pull it back. "Let me go!" I scream. "No, you are coming with me." "I said, I don't want to come with you!" I yell. "So let me go." He pulls me closer to him and starts to make his grip on me stronger. It actually hurts. I start to look scared. "Hey, man." Felix comes closer and tries to loosen Edward's grip on my arm. "The girl said she doesn't want to go with you." Edward tries to look murderous at Felix, but lets me go. "Did you know she has a boyfriend?" Edward asks. "That I'm her boyfriend or did that little bitch leave out that little detail?" Felix looks shocked at me, and I just smile sweetly back at him. "Is this your boyfriend?" he asks. I can only nod and keep smiling. "I forget it sometimes," I say. Felix looks back at Edward. "Okay, Izzy is your girlfriend, but that doesn't mean you have to abuse her." "Izzy?" Edward screams. "I thought you hated that nickname?" I just shrug. "Can't you just leave me alone?" "This isn't the end of it," Edward says before turning around and leaving the bar. I heave a sigh of relief. I walk back to the bar and sit down with my head in my hands. "Are you okay?" Felix asks concerned while taking my arm that Edward gripped just minutes before. "Yeah, he can be such an asshole. Sometimes I think he's gay," I laugh. Felix looks at me like I'm crazy and then back at my arm. "This is going to bruise," he predicts. "Come to the back, and I will put ice on it." I stand back up and follow him. The first part of my plan is a success, and now it is time to start part two of my plan: Flirting with Mr. Jasper Whitlock. A/N: This was the chapter and I hope you like it... Don't forget to let me know. My RL-readers, already know that my exams start next Monday (June 3rd), so I hope you will understand that I will not update until after my exams. See you later! V V V