feeling of dread began to settle over me, almost suffocating in its ferocity. I I couldn't allow him to find out about the cause for my anxiety, as that would destroy what little semblance of a relationship (if it can be considered that) that we have. No matter of my traitorous thoughts, I was confident in the knowledge of my love for him. At least I think that is what I believe. That's close enough right? My only option right now was to pretend that nothing has changed, that I was unequivocally in love with him as I was the day he first found me. That my devotion and loyalty to him remained unchanged. I know from the stolen glances we receive when we are together from the others within the castle that they couldn't possibly begin to understand how someone as sadistic as him could possibly have been given someone as innocent as me to love him. What they don't know is that I was destined to be with him, to love him no matter what. You see we are fated, our union was preordained by the gods. Which ones I do not know. One of us could have been born in the 15th century the other in the 19th century, and if they did not meet, once their life span ran out, a new pair would take its place until they met. Unlike that of mates, if they are born in two completely different times, that is it for them. However they can have more than one mate. Fated are designed for a purpose all they do not know what purpose that is. Their priority is each other above all else. Should anything happen to me Caius would burn this world to the ground if it meant he could lift me up from its ashes. Not the best description out there, but Fated are not widely known as they are a rare occurrence and as far as we know we are the only pair. That is more than enough reason to covet me, that and my other abilities. Many vampires seek to gain my favor, that doesn't mean that they get far however. Caius makes sure of that. Once again slightly off base. The point is there is nothing I can do; my only option was to love him. I had to, because I needed him. That does not mean the path is going to be easy. Whenever he is around me, I can see a war raging within him. His body tenses into rigid lines and harsh angles. Fighting to protect me, to possess me, claim me, to take me away from this place so that he would never have to share me with another living soul. His eyes bore deep into my soul – his gaze penetrating the deepest, darkest parts within me. No matter how hard I try I cannot tear myself from his gaze. Nothing can compare to him, he is everything incarnate. All I need, all I want and it's not enough. Never enough. Every time I close my eyes all I see is his face, a melody that haunts my dreams from now until eternity's end. His soul calls out to me, an inescapable siren call and no matter how hard I try to fight the pull, to claw my way out of its depths. I fall, and I am his once more. His arms encircle my petite frame, dragging me out of my morbid thoughts and into reality, as he places me in his lap. He parts his lips slowly and I let out a small gasp of surprise and delight as he presses them to my collarbone, his fingers curling possessively in my hair and tightening his hold around my waist. My eyelids flutter closed as I pray to whatever deity is out there that I can survive this. If I were smart I would be wise enough when I had the chance, to run away as far and as fast as my legs would carry me, never to return. If I were smart I would remove myself from all forms of physical contact if only to try and fight the pull trying to place me back into the welcoming embrace I wish to break. If I were smart I would not tilt my head allowing him more access to press his soft heated kisses to my neck, forcing me to stifle a moan. Let's say for arguments sake that I'm not smart. I have allowed myself to walk into a trap of my own making, blindly walking my way into a gilded cage of affection, beauty, comfort, kisses, soft whisperings of inconsequential nothings and sweet promises. As you nuzzle into my neck, peppering soft kisses across my exposed clavicle, I close my eyes and I am lost to you, my dark paradise. Your face haunts my every waking thought, my every waking moment, no one can compare to you. Your soul calling out for mine, a siren song piercing through the never ending darkness, whispers that all will be well. I feel your touches, caresses haunting my dreams, touching me with such gentleness that for a moment I wish to never want to wake up. No matter how much I want to move on from you, I know now that I can never leave you. Without you I am nothing, just a former shell of my former self, hollow and aching for the release that only you can give me. That's not even the worst part. The most horrifying part is that no matter what soul wrenching terror I feel, with just a glance into his blood-stained gaze, I know that I can never leave him. Loving him forever can't be wrong. After all I had promised him forever. As my vacant gaze stares out across the antechamber, looking up at the fresco above me I realise although that I promised him forever. Forever will never be long enough.