Uncle Carlisle assured her. "She was just upset yesterday…Edward's talking with Jake about it." I hid my face in Uncle Carlisle's chest, embarrassed. He chuckled softly. "Come on, Pooh Bear; it's all right. Finish your breakfast." I sat up and obeyed, and I had almost finished when Dad came in. "Say, Esme, Nessie didn't feed me before we left; any chance of getting anything to eat around here?" "Jake, we'll be home in five minutes!" Momma protested, laughing. "I'll starve in five minutes, Ness." I giggled, and Aunt Esme smiled and set an entire pan of muffins on the table in front of him. "These should hold you," she said dryly. "Ah. Thanks, Esme." oOo "Hey, kids, how would you like to go to the zoo today?" Dad asked as we were driving home. Dom began shouting with excitement, but I sat frozen. The zoo…wolves. "I don't want to," I said in a small voice. Momma twisted around to look at me anxiously. "Are you sure you're feeling all right, Winnie?" Dad put a hand on her leg. "She's fine, Ness." He gave me a quick smile over his shoulder. "It'll be fun, Win…I promise." Well…it wasn't as if he was going to feed me to the wolves. I found myself nodding, knowing that I had no choice anyway. Dad was taking us to the zoo whether I wanted to go or not. By the time we had gotten ready and driven the hour to the zoo, it was lunchtime. We got hamburgers at the zoo restaurant, and I sat nibbling at my French fries. "Eat, Winnie," Dad told me. I scowled. "How come you never make Momma eat?" Dad grinned. "'Cause then I'd only get one hamburger, that's why." He helped himself from Momma's tray, his own food already gone. "I'm not hungry," I muttered. "You can have mine, too, Daddy." "Three bites," he told me firmly; it was the rule when Dom and I didn't like what we had been given. And they couldn't be tiny bites, either… I sighed and picked up my burger. When Dad and Nicky had finished eating we got our hands stamped and headed outside. "Ness, you take Dom to see the reptiles and those monkey-cousins of his," Dad told her. "Winnie and I are going to go meet some wolves." I stopped in my tracks, my hand pulling back against Dad's. He didn't argue with me, but turned back and lifted me in his strong arms. I wrapped my arms around his neck and buried my face in his shoulder. "You don't really think I'd let anything hurt you, Winnie?" No…but I didn't want to see them snarling at me. I kept my face hidden as Dad walked up the hill to the wolf pen. "Look at them, Winnie," Dad said softly. "I don't want to," I whimpered. "Winnie. Look at them." There was a note in Dad's voice I couldn't disobey, and I lifted my head just enough to peek at the wolves out of one eye. None of them were snarling, and I lifted my head a little more. The wolves were smaller than I'd thought; if they'd been standing their heads would only have come up to Dad's waist. But they weren't standing; they looked like they were almost asleep. "See that big one on the rock?" Dad murmured in my ear, pointing while he held me securely with the other arm. "He's the alpha male; that means the other wolves have to do what he tells them." "How do you know it's that one?" "Oh, I can tell an alpha when I see one." "Is there an alpha female?" Dad hesitated a moment. "His mate; she can boss the other females." "Which one's she?" "That gray one lying beside the alpha." I watched the drowsing wolves for a few minutes. "They don't look like they want to eat me," I said doubtfully. Dad chuckled and held me a little tighter. "They don't, Win. Wolves don't usually attack people." "Never?" "You'll hear people say that," Dad said quietly. "Some people insist that wolves are perfectly safe, and that's not true. They're wild animals, Pooh Bear; you have to respect them like you do any other wild animal. But they don't usually go after people, and they certainly couldn't blow a house down even if they wanted to." "What about pigs?" I demanded. Dad chuckled. "Ham, bacon, pork chops…I wouldn't mind a fat pig myself. But you aren't a piglet, Pooh Bear; you're my little girl, and I would never let a wolf — or anything else — hurt you, ever ." "I know," I whispered. "Your Uncle Edward wouldn't either, or Uncle Carlisle. None of us would." "Do they howl?" I demanded suddenly. "Of course they do." "I still don't… like wolves, Daddy." "That's all right, Winnie. Just remember this — you can come tell us whenever you're afraid of something. You don't have to be embarrassed; we won't laugh at you no matter what it is. Understand?" I nodded. "Yes, Daddy." "Feel better now?" "Ye-es. Can we go see Kanga and Roo?" Dad chuckled. "Sure, Pooh Bear. Come on." He set me on the ground, and I looked over my shoulder once as we walked away. For a moment, the big alpha male seemed to follow me with his eyes, and I shivered. But my hand was tucked securely in Dad's, and I knew there was nothing to be afraid of. The End 1 Winnie-the-Pooh , Chapter IX, "IN WHICH Piglet is Entirely Surrounded by Water," by A.A. Milne I proofread all my stories at least once before posting, but if you see any mistakes I might have missed, please let me know! Please note that I have internet access only once a week, and may not have time to respond to all reviews/messages. If you have questions regarding my Twilight alternate history, check my profile first to see if they're answered there. Thanks for your understanding! Barbie