small step closer toward him, and he follows suit. With the height difference and him being as tall as he was, my five-foot-four stature made me on an eye-level to his chest, just right where his hairless nipples and chest were. I decide to take advantage of the height difference between us, and make a start on his chest. I lean forward and kiss my way up and down, before finally closing my lips around one of his nipples and he grunts, very loudly. I was extremely pleased by his reaction. "Bella, the bed," he says roughly, as if a little reminder. "If you keep this up, I'll be coming and I want to be inside you when I do. Is that okay?" Like he had to ask for my permission. I nod, biting my lip anxiously while he moves to pull the bed sheets down. I stretch out my hand and run it along the covers, indulging in the feel. Silky cotton sheets. As he throws a pair of decorative pillows on the floor, I feel one of his fingers curl and tug at the elastic band of my shorts, so I pull them down and slip them off my ankles. I was too embarrassed to look him straight in the face while being pantiless, so I didn't. Still, I hear him give out a deep whoosh of air. Then, I slid into the bed first, sighing at the warmth the sheets presented and then slowly he did too. Soon, I spread my legs out widely and he was directly on top of me and the warmth his body presented as it pressed into mine was even more comforting than the bed sheets. Once I turned my head to stare him deeply in the eyes, we continued; picking up on where we'd just left off, though him with a little more eagerness than before. His long fingers move my hair very gently out-of-the-way and he turns his face into my neck, startling me with a trail of gentle, yet sometimes rough kisses along my throat. I exhale a moan loudly as I gaze up at the ceiling; hands and fingers tracing up the curved outline of his spine along his back, and down again. He pants my name repetitively between kisses, and the way he chants my name; it's a heartwarmingly tender and gentle caress. Soon, unable to take the delay any longer, he positions himself directly on top of me while breathing raggedly; Hands propping himself up, ready to enter. He positions his tip right at the right spot, and then slowly he pushes in. I give out a sound, short of a gasp, and squeeze my eyes shut in surprise at the pain; I had only had sex a few times before, and that was with my ex boyfriend of a year, Jacob. I didn't suspect it would be painful again, but it was. "Bella," he pants hoarsely. "Are you okay?" "No, I'm really good! But... shouldn't we use a condom?" I hear him make a grunt from in the very back of his throat, a very shocked one. "Sorry, I don't know why... but I... forgot." He sounds very apologetic. There's a gentle scraping noise where I suspect he is opening the drawer near his bed. A second later, he gives out a low curse. "Why does this have to be happening to me now?" I hear him groan, very frustrated and tense. I open my eyes and peer up at him quickly. Yeah, he is definitely frustrated, especially sexually. "What is it?" I lift my hands to cup each side of his face gently. He scowls. "What's wrong?" He hesitates, sounding very annoyed at himself, "I don't have any." "Oh." I was surprised. I mean, he was a very good-looking man, extraordinarily so. I figured somehow women would have gone apes over him. At the same time, I was met with a profound feeling of relief. "You don't have any? I'm sorry, I don't have any either. I don't even think to, um, buy them. As you probably noticed, this doesn't happen to me a lot." A small smile softens his face. "Likewise. I don't go out of my way to intentionally invite a girl over to my apartment. You're the first, in fact." That was both very exciting and reassuring to know. Before I know it, it flies out of my mouth so carelessly, that I don't even recognize myself. "Well, it's okay. We don't need one." "Really?" He sounds stunned out of his wits yet, at the same time, as if he is pleased. Then he says something else completely unexpected, that surprises me. "Will you stay over for the night? Can I make you eggs and blueberry pancakes in the morning for breakfast?" Though him offering to make me breakfast in the morning wasn't nearly as big a deal as I'd made it out to be, it shocked me that he would even bother to ask. I was positive this usually wasn't normal for a one nightstand. Usually, the person gets up and leaves before the other wakes, leaving no more than a scribbled 'Thank you for last night' post-it note on a pillow. I could tell then that he wanted this to become something more . "Yes," I reply, snaking my arms around him; fingers digging softly into the bare skin on his warm muscular shoulders, "You have no idea how nice sleeping over and having breakfast with you sounds, Edward." Little did I know, just how much one little decision- having spontaneous sex with this gorgeous stranger, and tomorrow morning, accepting an innocent early hearty breakfast with him- would change my life forever in unimaginable ways. Does this sound like something you will be interested in more of? It's a little early to tell, but Edward will be quite manipulative and obsessed with our Bella. Good times, I'll say ;) Please review, it would really encourage me. Thanks for reading.