important to me." Bella smiles. She's thought about that, too. Wondered if they'd be able to salvage their friendship if she refused a romantic relationship with him. She supposes they'll never know now. Hopes they'll never know. "Come inside, Edward." She needs to see him. When Edward walks inside, everything around her comes to a halt. He's not beautiful—he's breathtaking. Ethereal. His hair is wild, like he's been combing his fingers through it all night long, and his eyes are downcast, a nervous smile on his lips. He's afraid of what's going to happen today, and Bella can relate. He beings to walk over, and Bella stands. The moment he's close enough, she launches into his arms, locking her arms around his waist like a vice grip. Edward stumbles slightly from the shock, and she chuckles, pulling back slightly so he can regain his footing. She allowed herself to miss him after they saw each other again, and she's been envisioning their second reunion since she'd come to her decision. They pull away from each other, and it's clear to see Edward's entire mood has changed. His green eyes are bright, lit by his joy and amusement, and his infamous crooked grin has made an appearance. "Wow, okay. This is a stark contrast from the last time we saw each other," he says, laughing. "But I'm not arguing." Bella grins, teasing, "You think? I've had a crazy sense of déjà vu all day." "I've a little of the same feeling, but mostly today's been different. Better." They sit, and Victoria arrives almost immediately to take their order, winking at Bella in approval. When she leaves, they watch each other for a moment. The silence is companionable, and the air around them is electric; it buzzes with renewed hopes and dreams and, if Bella is honest, suppressed lust. They chit chat until the food arrives, discussing the most mundane things from work to favorite TV Shows. After Victoria leaves again, the mood shifts, and they appear to be on the same page instantly: bluntness. "I suppose we should—" "It's probably best if—" They laugh. Edward gestures toward Bella, indicating she should go first. This time, she's the one reaching across the table, taking his larger hand in hers. She strokes his long, slender fingers, remembering all the times she's watched them dance across the piano keys. "Five years ago," she began, "I was still a naïve little girl who didn't know right from left. I was someone who was afraid—downright terrified—of living an 'adventurous' life. I didn't believe in taking risks, and I never fought for what I wanted." Edward squeezes her hand then, and she smiles. "But I'm thirty now, and I've come to realize I have a great family. I have amazing friends who love me. I have a good job. "But every day, a small part of me worries something is going to go wrong. I become afraid I'm going to lose everything that matters to me. However, I don't let that fear stop me from being with my family or loving my friends or waking up in the morning to get work. I live through it, and I reap the benefits of being courageous another day. "Why should my love life be any different?" Edward visibly swallows, his chest rising a little harder as his breath picks up speed. The same burning anticipation coursing through Bella is in his eyes. "I don't need anyone in my life to make me whole or anything, but I'd like someone to share it with intimately. I'd like to come home to someone who loves me, you know? Yes, I'm still hurt about the way our relationship has played out the last few years, but I love you. I've always loved you. And I want to finally experience the happiness I've always envisioned for myself. For us. "I'm trusting you to be a changed man, Edward. I'm trusting you to talk to me when things start to become too much for you. When you feel like you need to run, tell me, and I'll give you space so long as you promise to come home. Communication and patience is how we don't become your parents." Bella is proud of herself when she's finished speaking. She feels light and at ease with her decision, and being the one to bring that look to Edward Cullen's face makes her more than a little cocky. She can see in his eyes what he's going to do before it happens, but she can't help the gasp of surprise that escapes her when Edward is suddenly beside her, taking her hand and pulling her out of her seat. She's less surprised when he places a crushing kiss to her lips, the tiniest of whimpers caught between their mouths. She can feel eyes burning a whole through the back of her head, and they're the only reason she pulls away from him. They're in a public setting, and she's not fond of putting on a show for people who didn't ask for it, especially children. Stepping away, Edward laughs breathlessly. "I'll get the check." They walk slowly to Bella's car, lingering in the crowded parking lot. They're so close to each other that their hands constantly brush against each other's, but they do nothing more. Edward pulls open her door, and she tosses her things into the passenger seat. "Follow me home," Bella says, nervous again now. It's an innocent invitation, but it still kicks up the butterflies. "I just got you back, and I don't want to say goodbye yet." Edward doesn't say anything, intensely searching her eyes for some sort of sign that she doesn't really want him there, that this is a joke, she supposes. But when he doesn't find it, he slips his hand under her chin and tilts her head back, placing a soft kiss to her lips. "I'll see you later, then," he says before walking away, only looking back once.