crying and crying. She wept days after you left. And now... here you sit." I still don't look up at him. I can't bring myself to. All the pain I've caused is there in his shaking voice. "I... I thought you and Ma would have been happy to see me again?" I ask, managing only a pitiful whisper. He sits up very slowly and with all his strength, his other hand closes over mine tightly. "Edward, my second child and only son," he says gently, " Of course , your mother and I are very happy to see you and that you chose to come visit us, the way you did. For your mother and I to see you, like this, so well and happy and young-spirited... is a breath of fresh air." I wait cautiously for him to continue. "But...?" There was always a catch whenever it came to my father. "But... I want you to get rid of the girl." He gives my hand another final, weak squeeze. "And, we will find you a nice Italian girl to settle down with. In fact, the man who lives next-door, his daughter Isabella is such a sweetheart." His voice is final; there is no arguing with him, no discussing on the matter. "Pa, I don't think so..." "Oh, my son doesn't think so?" He chortles, and there is a hard edge to the sound. I peer up at him through my eyelids; his face glows with both sentimental feelings and disbelief for his son. "My son dares to go against my word?" Before I know it, he sends his hand, palm open, against the side of my face roughly, smacking me out of it. My eyes widen in shock and I grind my teeth together, as the sharp blow stings almost painfully. I stare into his eyes a moment longer. I feel an urge to hit him back, see how he likes it. But naturally, I don't. He is my father afterall, a very powerful man to the community. His eyes are hard and full of warning, daring me to push him to breaking point. But I was wise enough not to. "Now," he breathes, snapping up to his feet. "I will go next door and I will return with this pretty Isabella girl and you will sit there and talk, like two young kids in love." Fully alert and coiled like a spring, my eyes follow his retreating form as he marches out of the room, like a man on a mission. I consider following right after him, then realize it was better to keep him happy and his temper unprovoked. Sixteen long minutes pass by and I still don't know where the fuck my father is. I peer down at my gold wrist-watch, I tap my polished shoes against the hardwood floor, I gaze up at the crystal chandelier, I make eyes with my Pa's consigliere, Aro, who I see is still hanging around my Pa like a shadow, who hovers by the front entrance in the dining room, looking all sorts of misplaced and useless. He gives me a stiff, home-welcoming smile. I return it, deliberately just as stiffly and nod in greeting. Then finally, my father returns into the room and, just as he said, he isn't alone. He pulls a young girl into the room by wrenching her forward by the elbow and instantly I am left feeling breathless, like never before. I hadn't ever felt such a strong pull to an unfamiliar young woman before. She is wearing a wine-colored dress (with not an ounce of thigh in sight) and is absolutely beautiful, surprisingly. For once, my father was right. It's a struggle to even take my eyes off her, as my Pa pulls out a chair for her swiftly, then takes his seat. She sits, very cautiously and very quietly, crossing a leg over the other. Her skin is very creamy, milky, with a nice amount of redness dotting her cheeks. Long dark hair falls midway below her shoulders in waves, and a small amount of freckles dot and scatter along the bridge of her narrow nose. I immediately realize the reason I am unable to stop peering into those eyes of hers; they're a very dark brown, bright, deep, and depthless. "See, would you look at this?" My Pa chuckles and leans over in his chair to pat me on the shoulder, "I told you. What you need is a good Italian girl. You can't even take your eyes off Isabella, can you?" At my father's words, a small smile curls her lips, and she immediately looks down into her lap demurely. Her cheeks redden, like blood in a saucer full of milk. "I think the best thing to do here, is for you both to get married," my father announces and that immediately snaps me out of my fascination for her. "What?" My voice is a deep, stunned croak. "Let's make it an arrangement," my father continues as if he hasn't heard me speak, then takes one of the girl's hands tenderly in his own. "The joining of two pure Italian's. Afterall, Edward, you'll be in charge of business very soon and will need a woman of your own to take care of and give you the precious gift of children." Through his words, our eyes meet. She stares back at me, and the pair of us observe each other, both completely foreign strangers to the point of alieness. I notice we both must have the same expressions mirroring our features: fear, surprise, and lack of want. My father rises very quickly from his chair, then leans down to me with a wink. "As for now, I'll leave you two alone." He raises a hand to grip my shoulder, "Get to know one another, while I go deal with her father and make the arrangements." He turns to the girl and sends another wink her way, this time. "Have fun, children."