their biggest mistake yet was a few weeks into their punishment and Bella was walking down the hall towards the entertainment room alone when they attacked her from behind. Bella growled as Edward shoved her face first into the wall and pressed his body into hers. "Your mine." Edward hissed as Alice kept watch. Bella struggled against him and got a few hits in with her head but Edward had the clear advantage and tried to bit her and cupped her breast in one of his hands and Bella screamed. Jasper came flying down the hall. Slammed into Alice and ripped Edward off her just as Caius and the guards came up. Bella turned around and adjusted her shirt and flew at Caius who caught her. He saw what she did and he was fucking furious. "He tried. I couldn't. He was going to bite me and he touched me Caius." She mumbled into his neck as she shook in rage or fear he wasn't sure but he had never felt madder in his life. Jasper held both Alice and Edward down with his gift and ignored Alice's plea to help them. "Marcus take Bella to my study and for the love of god please don't let her out of your sight." Caius said as he handed Bella off to his brother who nodded and took Bella into his arms and carried her away. All the guard was pissed. "Do what you will." Aro told him pissed as well as he followed Marcus to keep an eye on Bella. "Jasper you have earned your place here and your punishment is now over. You can either leave or stay and be appointed to Bella's personal guard." Caius told him and he nodded "I'll stay. And I'd like to help with whatever you're planning." Jasper said and Caius nodded. They took Edward and Alice back to the training rooms and tossed them in the middle of the fighting field. The rest of the Cullen's watched on confused as Caius and Jasper circled there two family members. "Let this be a fucking lesson to you all. There are a few things we absolutely do not allow here and rape is one of them. These two fuckers attacked my mate and this piece of shit." Caius growled kicking Edward hard between the legs. "Tried to bite my queen and touch her. You planned to take her against her will didn't you boy?" Caius growled and everyone gasp in shock. Even Esme and Carlisle shook their heads. Emmett and Rosalie was pissed. "She's mine." Was all Edward said before Caius growled so loud everyone flinched back and he spend the next half hour showing everyone why he was feared. He beat Edward too bad he didn't need to rip him apart after he was so fucked up and then he set him on fire and listened to him scream in pain before he finally die and no one did anything to stop it. Esme cried into her mate's chest as they watch and Carlisle sighed in sadness. Edward had lost his mind long ago. Alice was next and Jasper got the pleasure of tearing her apart and tossing her in the pile with Edward. "Let this be a clear message to everyone. My mate if off fucking limits. No one gets a second chance where she is concerned." Caius yelled out and everyone nodded in agreement. When he got back to his study Bella was curled up in his chair and reading a book but he could tell she was still very upset and tense. "She has said anything." Aro told him and he nodded and waved them away. Moving forward he picked her up and sat with her in his lap and allowed her to snuggle up against him. "Are you mad at me?" she ask him and he frowned. "Why do you ask that?" he ask. "I let him touch me." Bella said solemnly biting her lip and Caius sighed and tilted her head up towards his and kissed her forehead. "Baby, there is nothing you could do that would make me truly mad at you and you didn't let him do anything. He attacked you and they outnumbered you. That is not your fault and I don't want to hear you blaming yourself again." He said and she nodded. "Are they dead?" she ask and he nodded. "Fuck yeah they are." He told her and she smiled and kissed him and took her to their newly decorated room and showed her how much he loved her. When Bella found out Jasper had been promoted to her new guard she was very happy and made it her new mission to have him chase her down all over the castle just as lingering payback. He didn't seem to mind much and was actually as good as Marcus in locating her. Then Bella saw Jasper and Jane spending time talking a lot so she and Alec teamed up to set them up and it didn't take much before she walked into the game room and saw Jasper and Jane making out on the pool table and Bella chuckled it was about time Jane got laid. Life at Volturi was a new and happy place to live with Bella around. Rose and Emmett finally got let off the lower guard as well and where allowed to live there as part of the immediate guard to Bella. Carlisle and Esme stayed under Demetri and Felix and were resigned to a life of hell for not controlling there coven better and Bella really didn't give a rats ass what happened to them. Bella moaned as Caius slammed her against the wall of his study and took her hard and she loved it. She had been teasing him for hours today and loved when he snapped like this. She loved her new life and was glad when she decided to come here. It changed her life for the better.