sitting there with Anna. I opened the door and walked in; scooping down long enough to pick up the four year old that was running toward me. "Unca Jake." "Hey Sunshine, how's my girl?" Her sloppy kiss on my cheek was near perfection. I held out my hand to Emmett and then hugged Rosalie, "Any word?" "Nah, nothing in the last little bit, not since they brought her out of surgery," Emmett answered. "Has she woken up at all?" "I saw her at the accident," Rosalie offered. "She was alert and knew what was going on. She told me to call you, that you would know what to do." I nodded. Bella had left me detailed instructions, just in case something happened to her. I never thought I would even have to think about carrying them out. "We've discussed it." "Visitation will be in another hour. They won't let Anna go back there, but we thought we would hang around here so that you could see her." "Thanks." "Bella had once said that if something were to happen to her that you would," she paused, "that Anna would live with you." "Yeah, that's what she told me." "You know that Emmett and I, if you want, she could live with us." "It's not going to matter. Bella is going to be fine. But until then, I've got it. It's kind of you to offer though." Bella had to be fine, I couldn't imagine anything else. We sat there in silence for the most part, occasionally one of us would let slip a thought or a comment. Anna was quiet as well, like she knew the seriousness of the situation, and I wasn't certain that she didn't. She sat in my lap and watched the TV that was hanging from the ceiling. Time seemed to drag, until finally, it was time for me to go back. The doors opened and I looked down at Anna, "Hey Sunshine, you sit here with Auntie Rose and Uncle Em for a minute, alright? I'm going to go check on Mommy." She reached out her arms and Emmett scooped her up. I stood and slowly made my way into the unit. To say that Bella didn't look like herself would be an understatement. She was bruised and battered, tubes and wires were everywhere. I was completely unprepared to her that way. "Excuse me, are you Mr. Black?" "Yes, that's me." "I'm Sandra Owens, Ms. Swan's nurse. Your name was listed as next of kin in her wallet." I nodded. "I'm the only family she has left." "Then we some things we need to discuss." Twenty minutes later, after having the most difficult conversation of my life, I was finally able to sit down and talk to my best friend. Words like 'brain activity' and 'blunt force trauma', 'irreparable damage' and 'comfort measures' had been thrown about left and right, it was all I could do to grasp what I was being told. I sat there and held her hand and tried to prolong the moment as long as I could. I would like to say that I could remember everything I said to her, but I can't. I would like to say that I didn't beg and plead with her to come back, to prove the doctors wrong, for her to somehow make her brain function once again, but I can't. The truth is, I did beg and I pleaded and then I cried. But in the end, I kissed her cheek and said goodbye. And then, I went to talk to Anna. It was hard to tell that little girl that her momma had gone to be an angel. " Did she want to be an angel?" " No sweetpea, your momma wanted to be here with you." " Will I get to see her again?" I had nodded, "I think you will, but it may be a long time from now." She had seemed to think for a minute. "Where will I live?" " Well, I was going to talk to you about that. Would you like to come and live with me and Papa Billy?" " Will you be my daddy?" " I will if you want me to be." She held out her arms and I picked her up and hugged her. And then I took her home. And that was what had led us to the moment we were currently having. "Did you know that your mother and I used to hunt for four leaf clovers?" "You did?" "Yes we did." "What else did you do?" "We used to climb that tree," I squatted down and sat her on the ground. I pointed to a big oak that was towering over the edge of the yard. "Can I climb it?" "Maybe not just yet, but you'll be big enough soon." I took her by the hand and we started to walk. "You know, we could build a tree house. Your mommy and I always wanted to have a tree house but we never got to build one." "Can baby Samuel play with me in the tree house?" I smiled. "He can when he gets bigger." "What about Daisy?" The big golden retriever stood up at her name and trotted over, wagging her tail. "I'm not sure if Daisy will be able to climb the ladder, but maybe we can fix her some stairs." "Yeah, let's make stairs to the tree house Daddy so Daisy can play too." Being a father wasn't something that I had prepared for, but it was something that I loved. And it wasn't easy, there were times when I was sure that Bella was there, guiding me, helping me to raise her daughter. I never saw her, and even though I talked to her all the time, she never answered, at least not in words. But always, there was the sense that she was there, just beyond our eyesight, keeping us safe, just out of reach.