hair as she struggled to keep him close to her. He stood and picked her up so that her chest was even with his mouth. Her legs fastened themselves around his waist and much like she had worked the pole earlier, she now used him. She humped and grinded and she desperately sought friction right where she most wanted it. A loud crash sounded at the start of the hallway and Bella jumped, startled. She pushed against his head. "Wait… stop." Instantly, Paul released her, setting her feet on the floor and keeping her steady as she cleared her head. Awkward silence stretched out between them. "I uh... I really need to get back to work." She shuffled around, righting her clothes and finger combing her hair. "Sure," he replied. He looked her over and smirked. "You look beautiful." Her cheeks turned red. "Thanks." "So uh... I'll be around, alright? Will you talk to me when your shift is finished?" "Yeah, I guess so." She picked up her tray and hat, and then turned and walked toward the busy bar. For the next few hours, Paul watched while she picked up empty glasses and brought out more drinks. She smiled, she flirted and she utterly captivated the men in her section. He saw men tucking bills into her cleavage and into the waistband of the belt that went with her costume. Twice more he had to endure the cat calls and whistles when she took to the stage and danced. Each one seemed more provocative and sultry than the one previous. He had mixed emotions. On the one hand, he liked knowing that once they were together, he would be the envy of many different men. After all, his imprint was fucking hot! On the other hand though, he didn't like knowing that so many people had seen her almost naked form. And how many of her patrons had she entertained like she almost had him? He hadn't smelled any other men on her, but that could have been because she just hadn't gotten the chance that evening. He frowned. That would stop. He would make sure that she was happy from now on. He wouldn't be giving her a reason to ever seek out companionship from someone else. If there was one thing he was sure of, it was that he knew how to please a woman. He chuckled. His lovely dancer would be aware of that soon. She was aware of his eyes, following her around the room. It made her nervous. Aside from what had happened between them earlier, she had never had any sort of relations with anyone from work. She enjoyed the money she made dancing, but she had never sold herself. Oh, she'd had offers, a lot of offers, but she had never accepted, and she didn't intend to start today. Last call came and went and the three men were asked to leave. They walked outside, Embry and Seth walking to the truck, Paul hanging back to wait by the door. Seth turned and looked over his shoulder. "Paul, dude, you coming?" "Soon, I've got a lovely lady to wait for." Embry walked back to his friend. "Really… the dancer?" He whistled lowly. "What's her name?" "Uhhh…" Paul chuckled and shook his head. "I never asked." "You imprinted, didn't you?" Seth confirmed. Paul nodded. "And you don't even know her name?" Embry asked. "I'll know it soon enough." Inside, like the others, Bella busied herself picking up glasses and the occasional empty plate. She helped set the dressing room to rights and she got dressed in her regular street clothes. She pulled off the blonde wig and pushed it down inside her bag. And then following the others, she snuck out the back door and into a co-workers car. She felt bad, knowing that the man was probably waiting out front, but she hadn't actually agreed to meet with him, and it was scary, the way he made her feel. She'd never completely forgotten herself or where she was before. She didn't even know his name! In front, the three men waited, and waited and then finally, the bartender and manager came outside. "Have the dancer's left?" Embry asked. "I was supposed to stay and give my step-sister a ride home." "Huh… they all left out the back about twenty minutes ago. You sure your sister was waiting for a ride or maybe you were just waiting for something else?" "Chill man, my step-sister, she's the dancer that everyone knows as The Swan. You know, long blonde hair and endless legs." "If she were really your sister you would have known what color her hair really is. That blonde stuff, it's a wig." The two guys ignored the three wolves that were no longer calmly waiting. The made their way down the block and disappeared. "Fuck!" Paul exclaimed, his body slightly shaking. He was pacing back and forth in front of the building, his hands buried in his hair as he fought to keep control. "Dude, stay calm," Seth muttered. "We'll find her." "I don't even know her name." Paul commented again. "I know, but we will find her." "Fucking hell, why didn't I ask her name?" His hands gripped his hair in frustration. "Seriously man," Embry said. "Keep control. We can come back tonight and this time you can find out her name." "Yeah, I can do that. Come back tonight." In the back seat of the car, over five miles away, Isabella Swan finally sat up. She absently rubbed at an ache in her chest while she thought about the man she had encountered in the hallway. She wondered, briefly, what it would have been like if she had met him. She scoffed, she was probably over reacting. She was certain that he hadn't actually been out front waiting. That was silly. A guy that hot, he could have had anyone. She'd done the right thing by leaving, she was certain.