my bed. "I don't either," she admitted. "I just…needed to talk about it, and you're really the only one I can talk to." "This isn't gonna change me, Win," I said, wondering if she thought I had been a "freak" like her and was now going to be just an average human. "I know. Don't let Uncle Edward hear what I said." "I'll do my best." "Thanks. And thanks for listening." And she got up and left me alone to finish packing. oOo I groggily opened my eyes after my surgery to find myself apparently alone in my room at the big house. They had had me in Uncle Carlisle's office for the operation, but I guess they thought I'd be more comfortable here afterward. I still had an IV line running to my hand. I moved slowly and gently prodded my shoulder, wincing slightly. Uncle Edward chuckled. "I wouldn't do that, if I were you." I looked up, startled; out of nowhere he was standing learning in my doorway. Coming forward, he pressed his fingers lightly to my forehead to check my temperature. "I'd ask about the pain," he commented, "but I can hear in your thoughts that it's not too bad right now." I frowned slightly; he was acting as if he were the doctor here. And I knew he was , but… "Where's Uncle Carlisle?" Uncle Edward pulled out a penlight to check my eyes. "The hospital called; they needed him for emergency surgery." "Guess I should be glad they didn't call while he was operating on me," I muttered, feeling strangely deserted and almost betrayed. "You know he wouldn't have gone," Uncle Edward said seriously. "He puts family first…and he wouldn't drop one surgery to perform another one in any case. But with two medical degrees, I'm certainly qualified to handle post-op." I shifted uncomfortably; I hadn't really meant to imply he wasn't. Uncle Edward chuckled lightly again. "I'm not offended, Dominic," he assured me. "If nothing else, your thoughts still aren't fully coherent after the anesthesia." He finished his examination and turned to check something on the IV line. "Uncle Edward…I'm kind of hungry." Uncle Edward shook his head. "Sorry, Dom, I can't let you have anything more than ice chips for a few hours yet, just in case you have a reaction to the anesthesia. I think you're up to some visitors, though, and I know your parents are anxious to see you." He vanished from the room, and soon Dad came in with his hand on Mom's shoulder. "Oh, Nicky!" Mom whispered. She brushed her fingers across my cheek, letting me hear her thoughts of concern for me…it was really weird when she did that. I was never gonna get used to living in a family of vampires; I almost wished they still tried to act human around me. I dozed off and on that afternoon, and whenever I woke Uncle Edward was there to check my vitals. "You're doing well, Dom," he noted late in the afternoon. "I think I can let you have something light to eat now…and we can get rid of this IV line." He deftly removed it from my hand, taping a square of gauze over the spot. "Are you allowed to be doing all this?" He chuckled. "Legally? No; I don't have a license to practice medicine, and I only have my basic EMT certification. But everyone in this house knows I've been through medical school twice." I shrugged; I knew they didn't always follow human rules to the letter. Anyway, he would have had his license if he looked a few years older. "This is better than hospital food!" I grinned as I started on the tray Aunt Esme brought in. I had been in the hospital a couple times; Uncle Carlisle probably would have done the surgery there this time if the scar hadn't been from a vampire bite. Uncle Carlisle came in as I was finishing my supper. "Sorry I had to leave you like that, Dom; I trust Edward took good care of you." "Sure," I agreed as he sat beside the bed to perform his own examination. "So you're feeling all right?" "Sure." "Do you need any more pain medication?" "Nah; I think Uncle Edward's been monitoring it in my thoughts." He chuckled. "To be honest, I often wish I could; perceived levels of pain are so subjective." He stood. "You get some rest now, Dominic." "What do you think I've been doing all day?" I muttered. He smiled, shaking his head. "I'll probably let you go home tomorrow if you don't develop any complications…but get some sleep now; your body needs it." oOo Uncle Carlisle had scheduled my surgery for the beginning of the school break, so that when school started again I didn't have to miss any practice…as long as I was careful. For the first time, I undressed in the locker room without feeling self-conscious. I tossed my shirt aside, not bothering to pull a towel over my shoulders. "Hey, Dom!" Eric called. "What happened to the mushroom; someone eat it?" "My Uncle Carlisle cut it off for me," I retorted. Pete clapped me on the shoulder, and I winced; the spot was still a little sore. "Eric! Pete! Leave Nick alone!" Coach Stevens turned toward me. "Good to see you got that taken care of, Dom." "Yeah." Now, if only they would forget I ever had it… The End A/N: All right, not the best last sentence… I guess I can't get a really good ending everything time! Barbie I proofread all my stories at least once before posting, but if you see any mistakes I might have missed, please let me know! Please note that I have internet access only once a week, and may not have time to respond to all reviews/messages. If you have questions regarding my Twilight alternate history, check my profile first to see if they're answered there. Thanks for your understanding! Barbie