up to him for the weekend. As for work, well that place should just about run itself." Leah nodded. "That sounds like a good idea, close the shop down and let the Beta handle the rest of it." A big ear to ear grin split Jacob's face. "That was exactly what I was thinking." Emily chuckled. "From the looks of that grin, I would have said you were thinking about what you were going to be doing while you were gone." He had the grace to look embarrassed. "Yeah, well maybe that too." "I don't want to hear any more," Rachel said. "Leave! Go figure out what you are going to tell Bella to get her away from here." Jacob started to walk toward the door. "I hadn't even thought of that." Mentally he was already running ideas through his mind. oOoOoOoOoOoOo Up until Thursday evening, everything was going great. And then, in the blink of an eye, it all changed. "What do you mean the car won't shift into gear?" he asked her. "Just what I said, I walked outside and went to get into the car so I could head home. I stuck the key in the ignition and turned it. It cranked without a hitch. Then I shifted it into gear and tried to back up and nothing. The engine revs but the car doesn't move. It says it's in reverse but it acts like it is still in park." As if to show him what the problem was, she mashed the gas pedal again. Jacob could hear the engine through the phone. "What do you think it is? Gah, we don't have the money for a massive car repair right now." "Just relax, honey. I'll send Collin over with the tow truck to load the car up and get you home. Then I'll take a look at it. Hopefully, it's just low on transmission fluid. Worse case, we need a new transmission." Bella took a deep breath. "But Jake, what are we going to do? If it's the transmission then that could cost us a couple thousand to fix." "Will you please stop borrowing trouble? Go sit down somewhere and wait. Collin's on his way. He's leaving now." "Alright, I'll be just inside the building." "Sure thing, he'll be there soon. Love you." "Love you, too." It was after six before Collin got back to the shop with Bella's car. By eight, Jacob had the bad news, and by ten, he had canceled all his plans for the weekend getaway. After all, he knew there was no way Bella would allow him to spend the money for a three day vacation when they were fixing to spend a couple of thousand replacing a transmission. He headed home, glad for once, that she didn't know about what he had planned. After all, at least this way she wouldn't be disappointed. oOoOoOoOoOoOo It was late Friday evening when Jacob finally headed home from work. He had been on the phone all day, trying to find the parts, discounted, to fix Bella's car. He had tried junk yards and wholesale sources before finally having to resort to purchasing most of them from the dealership. It was a worst case scenario. Now, discouraged and disappointed, he couldn't wait to head into the house and just relax with a warm shower, hot food and a cold beer. He walked into the house and it was absolutely silenct. There were no children sitting on the sofa watching cartoons, no one in the kitchen banging pots and pans, nothing, just complete and total quiet. And then he saw it, the note on the coffee table. Jake, Go grab a shower. I'll be home soon with supper. Love, Bella He shrugged, not really interested in playing any games, and took off for the bathroom. A shower was what he had intended all along. It couldn't hurt, to go ahead and keep his plans, right? He finished bathing and hopped out, dried off and walked out into the hallway. He still had the house to himself. He grabbed a beer from the fridge, popped the tab and snagged a seat in his recliner. It didn't take long at all until he had the TV set on ESPN. He didn't hear Bella come home. There wasn't a huge flurry of activity that usually came with the return of his family. In fact, he didn't hear anything at all. The next thing Jacob knew was the touch of wet lips, brushing against his neck. "Hummm… You shouldn't start something you might not get to finish." He parroted her words from several days before without ever opening his eyes. "Who says I can't finish it?" She whispered softly. His eyes opened. "Can you? Where are the kids?" "Will and Geoff are at my dad's place while Charla and Sarah Beth are at Emily's." "Oh, so we have the house to ourselves?" "Yeah, for the entire weekend." "How did you manage that?" "Well, Kim let it slip this morning at work, what you'd had planned. She might have also mentioned how disappointed you were that you had to cancel your plans. With the transmission going out in my car, money was going to be really tight for a while. So I planned a little staycation instead," she explained. "A staycation?" "Yep, a vacation at home. I mean, it may not be the Ritz but then again, we couldn't have stayed there anyways." He pulled her down into his lap. "You're really alright with not getting away for the weekend?" "We are getting away for the weekend, but if you're asking if I'm alright with not leaving this house for the next few days, then the answer is yes." He smiled his big ear to ear grin. "So what do you want to do first? Sex, food and then more sex or sex, more sex and then food?" "Why don't you decide and surprise me?" And he did just that.