myself from grimacing as I drank; the stuff was candy-sweet, thick and peanutty. "That doesn't even taste like blood," I scoffed, trying to reassure Maddie; I was pretty sure she thought it might actually be the real thing. But Jason's eyes glinted as he set the bowl aside. "You want real blood, little vampire?" I licked my lips nervously, taking a step back. He doesn't know, I reminded myself; he just enjoyed tormenting Maddie and her friends. Licking my lips had been the wrong thing to do; he took it as a yes and pulled a knife out of his pocket. "Blood for the little vampire," he murmured. "Nessie!" Maddie squeaked. I was staring at Jason in wide-eyed horror. He wouldn't — he couldn't — Normally it would have been safe enough, but while I wasn't as thirsty as I had pretended to Daddy, I really should have gone hunting tonight. If I smelled Jason's fresh blood — even worse, if he made me drink it… "Jake!" I screamed. He came pounding down the stairs just as Jason set the edge of the blade against his wrist. "Nessie, what's wrong?" he demanded, his eyes scanning the room. The instant he saw Jason, he grabbed the knife from his hand. "Hey!" Jason protested. "Are you crazy?" Jacob hissed at him. "Cutting your wrist open is a good way to kill yourself!" He took a single stride toward me and picked me up; I wrapped my arms around his neck and lay my head on his shoulder, trembling a little. It might have killed him in more ways than one… "You all right, Ness?" Jake murmured. I nodded against his shoulder. "Besides," he continued in a lighter tone, "it's Halloween…just the night for a real vampire to be lurking in the corner, waiting to jump out — and bite you!" He snapped at my neck, and I screamed. "Wow, Ness!" Jake chuckled. "Never thought I could make you believe I was a vampire!" I smiled, still a bit shakily. "Aw, vampires aren't real," Jason scoffed. "Everyone knows that. Gimme my knife back." Jacob snapped it shut in his fist and tossed it to him. "Come on, girls; let's go see what the rest of the kids are doing." Maddie grabbed his hand as he carried me up the stairs. Looking over Jacob's shoulder, I saw Jason sulkily following us. I shuddered again at what he had so nearly made me do. And now Jacob's blood was pulsing right under my nose…it wasn't human blood, but still. I wriggled suddenly to get down. Biting Jacob might not hurt him, but I didn't need to be giving away that I really was a vampire. The other kids were getting ready to bob for apples, and Maddie and I quickly slipped into the line. I pulled my fangs out of my mouth. "Here, Jake, hold these!" "Please, Nessie?" "Please hold these?" He sighed and took them, wiping them on the hem of his shirt. Maddie ran to put hers on the table before rejoining me in the line. I got an apple on my second try, and jumped up to run to Jacob. "'Ook, 'Ake!" * He laughed, reaching to grab the apple from my mouth. "Hey, thanks, Ness," he said, taking a huge bite. I pried his fingers open to take my fangs back. "You could have asked, Ness," he reminded me, his mouth full of apple. I grinned. "I know. That's not as much fun." It sure was easier to pretend to eat with Jake around; all I had to do was sit close enough for him to snitch from my plate, and the food disappeared while I took a few nibbles for show. "Eight thirty, Ness," Jacob said finally. "Time to go." I sighed, but I knew better than to argue. My bedtime on Fridays was nine o'clock; Daddy expected us home by then. I said my goodbyes to Maddie, and we rode back to the thick forest so I could change. As I pulled my jeans back on, I caught the scent of a fox, and my mouth watered, my throat burning. Maybe I should admit to Jacob that I had lied about going hunting with Uncle Emmett…now that the party was over, what could he do but take me hunting? We'd get home past my curfew…but if Daddy was listening to Momma's thoughts, he might not even notice the time. If he did, we could tell him the bike broke down… No, he'd never believe that; Jacob kept that bike in too good condition. "Ness? You all right?" "Yes." I ran out of the woods to meet him. I'd just have to last a few more days; most of my family got thirstier than this without losing control. "Jake…" "Yeah?" "Oh, nothing. Thanks for taking me." "Sure, sure. Now, remember, Nessie, we went hunting tonight; that's all," Jacob said sternly. I closed my eyes, thought about hunting, and pressed my hand to his face. Jack chuckled. "Wow, Ness. You're good." "I know." He snorted. "Not very humble, either. Come on, princess, let's get you home before bedtime." "Or the king'll cut your head off?" "Yeah, something like that." The End * Illustrations for these scenes can be found on my DeviantArt account It looks like Nessie got away with it…or did she? Find out next week in my companion story "Half Blood." A/N: I read a recipe for making fake blood from corn syrup, creamy peanut butter, and food coloring, so that's what I'm assuming Jason gave Maddie and Nessie. Barbie I proofread all my stories at least once before posting, but if you see any mistakes I might have missed, please let me know! Please note that I have internet access only once a week, and may not have time to respond to all reviews/messages. If you have questions regarding my Twilight alternate history, check my profile first to see if they're answered there. Thanks for your understanding! Barbie