his face when I said that. I threw my head back at the feel of him working his way into my tight channel. It hadn't been that long since I'd had sex, but it had been a while since I did it sober, and in the daylight too. There was no way I'd forget this in the morning. When he was fully seated, he paused for a minute to let me get used to him. I smiled up at him gratefully, seeing the beads of sweat on his brow from the effort of holding himself still. I nodded for him to move, and we both groaned as he made a few experimental thrusts. Quil leaned over like he was going to try to kiss me, but we realized he was too tall to reach me in this position. I settled for wrapping my arms around him and pulling him down on top of me, enjoying the feel of his weight against me. Wow, he was really heavy. I realized I was sinking further into the thick foam mattress topper, and Quil's thick barrel chest was making it really hard to breathe. I struggled underneath him and tried to speak, but my face was pressed against his pecs, and all that came out was a muffled groan. "Oh, yeah, Bells. You feel so good too, baby. So good... I-" I was just beginning to panic when I felt him still, and I realized he was already filling the condom. So much for stamina. He rolled over, and I could finally breathe again, but he just sat on the side of the bed with his head hanging down dejectedly. I wiped the sweat off my face and sat up to see what was going on in his beautiful head. "Quil? You ok?" His shoulders slumped under my hands and I peeked around to get a look at his face. He glanced at me, and I could finally see that he was completely embarrassed. He sighed and leaned his forehead against mine, "Well, I know it's hard to believe but I actually lasted longer this time than the last time I did it." I could tell he was trying to joke, but his words finally got through to me. He hadn't just had sex with one girl; he'd only had sex one time before me! No wonder the poor boy was shooting off early! "Oh, Q. It's ok, baby! That's normal!" I hugged him as tight as I could, not an easy feat with someone his size. He finally looked up with a hint of hope on his face, "Really? You don't think I'm just some stupid kid or something?" I laughed and ran my hand over his bicep, "No, Quil. Definitely not. We just need more practice. After all, it can't get much worse than this, right?" ~ 3 weeks later ~ I pulled on my shirt and slapped my teammates on the back as I made my way to the locker room door. "Hey! Ateara! There's a hot girl outside waiting for you!" Chase, one of my fellow linemen, cuffed me on the back of the head as I passed by. I smiled, wondering if Bella had finally given in. I hadn't seen her since that first weekend- the weekend we spent mostly naked and horizontal together. I'd had a crush on Bella Swan for as long as I could remember, so finally fucking her had been fucking amazing. It was so much better than my first time with Rachel Black. Rachel had gotten drunk at a bonfire and dragged me home with her the summer before my sophomore year. She was, like, five years older than me, and she laughed at me when I came too early and when I had to stumble into the bathroom to throw up. Kinda hurt the ego, you know? It took me a while to build up the courage to try again. The only problem with Bella was the fact that she didn't want anything to do with me after that weekend. I tried not to let it bother me; I was busy with football, and classes, and finding my way around campus and such. I hadn't hooked up with anyone else yet, though. Even though I felt like I finally knew what I was doing, I guess part of me was hoping Bella would answer my calls and texts, maybe come back and give me another chance. She was leaning against the wall outside when I stepped through the door, and I couldn't resist picking her up for a hug when I saw her. She was just so damn pretty. "Hey, Bells! What's up?" She waited until I set her down, then took a step away from me- something I tried not feel too bad about. I guess she wasn't here for that . "Um, Quil?" Her voice was kind of shaky, and I was worried something happened to her. She confused the hell out of me with her next words. "You know after that first time we... um... did it?" Did it? What were we, twelve? Hell yeah, I remember fucking that sexy girl. I gave her my best panty-dropping smirk and said, "Yeah?" She took a deep breath and looked away from me, out over the deserted football field. "Well, I know I said it couldn't get worse, and then we did it again and the condom broke..." She was still talking but I was stuck on those words- the ones she told me not to worry about at the time. The condom broke. "Bella, you said it wasn't big deal. You said you were on the pill, and not to worry about. You said-" "I know what I said, Quil!" She turned back to me, looking suddenly angry as she pulled something out of the bag on her shoulder. It looked like a plastic thermometer or something. It looked like- "What I said doesn't matter! Quil, I'm pregnant!" Oh. Shit.