placed in dresses or skirts, purple tennis shoes, and a classic black jacket. I was also given a black leather backpack and I wore my locket with a picture we had taken yesterday of the three of us: Momma, Daddy, and me. Momma looked so sad as she adjusted the strap on my backpack. "I love you more than anything." Momma said, not meeting my eyes. "I love you, too, Momma." I touched my locket, knowing that she was worried. I tried to reassure her. "We'll always be together." "In our hearts we'll always be together. But when the time comes today, you have to leave me." NO. I placed my hand on her cheek and yelled at her for the first time. She couldn't ask me to do that. "Will you do it for me? Please?" Momma looked almost scared. Why? I asked, needing to know. "I can't tell you. But you'll understand soon. I promise." Momma, I wish you would just tell me. I thought of Jacob, not remembering that I had my hand on her cheek still until she nodded in reply to my question. Would my Jacob be with me, if not Momma and Daddy? "Don't think about it. Don't tell Jacob until I tell you to run, okay?" She asked me and I nodded. I would do this for Momma as long as I had my Jacob. It didn't come to that, in the end. Aro was intrigued by me upon hearing of my existence in my Father's thoughts. Momma and I were beckoned by the Volturi leader. Jacob-wolf and Emmett came with us, along with Daddy, as Demetri and Felix protected Aro. "Hello, Renesmee." The pasty royal vampire addressed me. "Hello, Aro." I tried to sound as mature as I could. Even though I was physically two and a half, I wanted to prove that I was capable of reason. That I understood what was happening right now. Aro held out his hand to use his ability to read my mind, but I placed my hand on his cheek instead. I showed him every memory I had ever had. Starting with the one of my Mother as she was finishing giving birth to me, showing him my feeding times with my Jacob and Rosalie, getting measured by Carlisle and Daddy, bedtime stories with Momma, playing dress-up with Alice and Rosalie, playing the piano with Daddy, wrestling with Emmett when my three overprotective family members weren't looking, listening to Jasper tell stories of his past, and helping Esme make dinner for my Jacob and Seth. I love them. I told Aro. Do not take my family away from me. I love them. The Volturi could no longer use me as an excuse as to why to fight, I could see that clearly on Aro's face when I released him. The Volturi leader smiled, sighed, and then said, "Brilliant." "Please?" I begged, relaxing against my Mother's chest. "Of course I have no desire to harm your loved ones, precious Renesmee." Aro smiled. He looked at my Jacob, having seen him in my thoughts as my protector. "They don't belong to us, Aro. They don't follow our commands that way. They're here because they want to be." Daddy hissed. Oh, no! What did Aro see in my thoughts that made him want my wolves? As far as I could tell, the Volturi had always been disgusted by the wolves. My Jacob growled as Aro continued. "They seem quite attached to you, though. And your young mate and your...family. Loyal." "He's intrigued by the idea of...guard dogs." Daddy said to the rest of us who couldn't be in Aro's thoughts. The Pack snarled, frightening me. "I suppose that answered that question. This lot has picked their side." Aro smiled like no one I had ever seen before. It was spooky. Aro tried to use the wolves as an excuse to start the fight with my family, but this also proved difficult since the wolves are Shapeshifters and not actual Children of the Moon which are vampires' enemies. Then Caius tried to stir up the Denali's by lighting Irina on fire for giving false witness. It almost worked, too. Tanya and Kate were frantic and it took many people to hold them back. But yet we did not fight. Aro tried yet another tactic, to pester the witnesses into admitting that I was a danger because I grew so quickly. The witnesses were confused. They claimed that I could handle myself around humans (which I could!) but that it was alarming how quickly I was aging. Everyone started saying their goodbyes and I was placed on Jacob-wolf's back. Momma and Daddy told me that they loved me and that I would be safe with my Jacob. The Volturi were prepared to fight until Alice (oh, clever Aunt Alice!) showed up with Jasper, a red-eyed vampire woman named Huilen, and a half-breed like me named Nahuel. She came into the clearing not a moment too soon. Nahuel and Huilen told their story, how he was born of a human woman that had died before she could be changed like my own mother had been. I felt sorry for the man who lived with his aunt now. He had changed her because he was venomous, unlike me. He told of how I would reach my maturity in seven years' time and then I would forever stay the same. I would not die a human death or grow so rapidly that I only had a short live to live with my family and my Jacob as I had feared. Aro seemed satisfied with this answer, though I figured that the Volturi weren't done with my family just yet. "Dear ones, we do not fight today." Aro instructed and then, just as quickly as they had arrived, the Volturi were gone. "I get to stay with you?" I asked my Mother over the cheering of our comrades. "Forever." Momma promised. "Forever." Daddy whispered.