I forgot my clothes, I hope Edward isn't around when I finish. That way, I can change in the room. Despite him seeing me naked last night and doing things with me that normally we wouldn't have, I feel that discomfort. I hate that we had an amazing night together last night, and the morning just has to ruin that fucking good feeling. I quickly shower and dry off. I wrap the towel around me and exit the bathroom. Edward isn't there, so I start to change in the room. I only get my bra and panties on when Edward comes back. And though he's seen me in much less, I still wrap my arms around myself. "Why are you covering yourself up, Bella? I already saw you completely naked." "Yeah … but still. I'm half naked," I tell him. "Are you embarrassed about what we did last night?" he asks. "Of course not! It's just that I don't have any clothes on except this, and you've never seen me like this until last night. I still have to get used to that." I go to put on the extra set of clothes I brought with me, but Edward stops me by pulling me into his arms, my back to his chest. "Get used to it quickly, then." His hands roam up and down my sides. It's as if he actually wants me and wants to see me in just my underwear – or nothing at all by the way he said it. I push his hands away and move away from him. "Edward, don't do this to me. Don't say those things and touch me if you're just going to play with me and my heart, because after last night, my heart has changed its stance on our relationship. All we did was make a deal: you take my virginity and give me the best it could possibly be so it's not some meaningless fuck with a random guy or a future boyfriend who won't appreciate the opportunity of sharing such an intimate experience. "Because it was a mutual deal, I don't expect you to want me again or feel things for me. If you don't feel things for me, don't feel me up like that or say those things to me, because I can't bear the thought of falling for you after one time and you not feeling the same for me. 'Cause I think that's what happened. I think I fell for you, as more than just my friend. If you're not going to feel the same, let's just put last night behind us and go back to the way it was." I turn around and again go to put my clothes on. But what happens next is that my bra is unsnapped and falling off my shoulders and onto the floor. I let out a squeal and turn to lash out at Edward. He just stands there, grinning. "Edward! Why'd you do that?" I exclaim, covering my breasts up with an arm and bending down to collect my bra. He grabs it first and tosses it farther away from me and then closes in on me, trapping me with his arms. "Because I want to see you naked again. Because last night changed things for me, too, Bella. I don't intend to mess with you or make a pact with you that we're fuck buddies. It won't ever be just sex. To me, last night wasn't even 'just sex.' I especially don't want to hurt you in any way, because I feel things for you. What I want to say and do to you, I want to do it for a long time. I intend for that to happen, Bella. For the longest time, I never saw you as anything but my best friend. "Over the years, you've become a beautiful woman, and I still saw you as just 'Bella.' But last night, you opened my eyes, and the experience we shared was more than I expected. Because I think deep down, I did love you more than I do already and believe you are my soul mate. I think I didn't want to feel anything more because I never want to lose you. But I can't deny my feelings anymore. You're my forever, Bella. It's fucking cheesy. I know that. But you are. While I've been with other women before, I want you to be my last. And while I was your first, I really hope I'm your first, your last, and your one and only." Edward then pulls away. "If what you just said is true, that you don't want me to mess with you if I'm not going to have any intentions of being with you exclusively, that your feelings for me have changed, I only hope that it meant that you want me in that way, too. I want you, Bella." I smile. He wants me. God, I want to jump up and fucking down now. But without a bra on, my boobs will fucking hurt. I'm also scared of my feelings for him, but knowing he loves me doesn't make me as frightened. "Yes, Edward. I want you in that way. I want to give this a chance." I walk back into his arms and press my naked chest to his. "So now that we're giving this a go, and you already have my bra off, you have any intentions of ridding me of these panties?" "Fuck yeah, baby." Edward groans before capturing my lips. "Never have I ever felt this way before, Bella. You've bewitched me, it seems. You're all I want and think about. I had to jack off in the shower, and only you filled my sex-crazed mind." "Oh yeah … what did you imagine?" I tease. "Let me show you." He winks. He then kisses me, forcing the both of us to fall onto the bed in a heap of tangling arms and legs and writhing bodies.