Edward places his head against my neck and lets out the sexiest sound as he stills, thrusting a few more times before gently falling on top of me. When he tries to move off me, I hold him in place, still too sensitive for anything like that. "Wait," I say softly, wrapping my arms around his shoulders. He nods, kissing my jaw, understand what I need. We lay in the quiet for a while, not needing to say or do anything. But eventually we do have to move and after quickly cleaning up in the bathroom, we cuddle under the covers and share lazy kisses. "That was incredible," he tells me which makes me feel all warm inside. "It was," I agree with a smile. "Thank you. I've never . . . yeah, that was amazing." "Thank you. It was better than dessert for sure. Although, I have worked up an appetite now. Can we still have cookies and ice cream?" I laugh but am totally game with this plan. We go on a naked adventure into the kitchen but bring the food back to the bedroom. The ice cream sandwiches we make are delicious, and the conversation is good, too. We talk more about our lives and families and miraculously, my word vomit is nowhere to be found. I'm thinking maybe he sexed it out of me, and I'm definitely not complaining. I sound like a functioning adult for once as I tell him about my parents, growing up only a few minutes from here, and my decision to return after college. Edward's story is a bit different since his parents only moved here a few years ago and he didn't follow until last year to be closer to them and his brother's family. He's such a family man, and I find it so adorable. It gives me hope that maybe – if this becomes more – we can have a family together. I've never really thought about it since I assumed I'd be single forever, but the 'what ifs' run wild in my brain like usual – these giving me all the happy feelings. I'm well aware that we've known each other for less than twenty-four hours, but I've never felt anything like this before. Maybe it's just the spectacular orgasm talking and I really am crazy. Meh. I'm okay with that. Our conversation ends when we discover our sweet treat has made us all sticky. But the shower we decide to have together makes up for that. Shower sex seems like a good idea, but when I almost bust my head open just because his fingers are inside me, we nix that plan and just try to get clean as fast as possible. We make it out injury-free and go for round two in the bed where it's mostly safe. Besides him literally banging my head into the headboard, this time is just as good as the first. And even though I don't think I'll ever get enough of him, we decide to take a break. My vagina appreciates it because though she's having fun, it's the first fun of this. . . magnitude ever, really. Previous boyfriends just can't compare to what Edward has going on. And boy, does he know how to use that cock. I can understand why I'm single, but why hasn't anyone snatched this guy up? We lie together, arms around each other – just breathing and being. I never thought I'd actually have a man in my bed like this. Cuddling close together after a night of wonderful sex and conversation. Holy shit. There's a man in my bed. There really is. We had toe-curling sex. And he possibly likes me. Awkward me. And he's not old enough to be my great grandfather. Win all around. "What are you thinking about?" he asks softly, running his fingertips over my side. The goosebumps that I feel popping up make me smile. "That I'm really glad you're here. And that your scrotum is definitely much nicer than the last one I saw." Oh, fudge. I guess he didn't sex the word vomit out of me. Great. His body stiffens and not in the good way, and I want to bang my head against the wall, though it still kind of hurts from the headboard incident. I open my mouth to try to take it back, but he stops me when he barks out a laugh and pulls me closer. "I think I'm going to consider that a compliment, so thank you. I'm glad my . . . yeah . . . is nice. Can I ask how old the guy was?" "Eighties," I mumble, hiding my face against his chest. "It wasn't pretty. Kinda shrively. Okay I'll shut up now." He laughs louder, pulling back slightly to see my face. His green eyes are doing that crinkle thing I like because he's smiling so big. "I really like you, Bella. This night has been one of the best ever." That isn't what I expected him to say, but I'll take it. "I really like you, too. I mean, you're still here after . . . everything. I think I'll keep you." And that's not even word vomit. This guy is something special. Yeah, he's nice to look at but there's more there too. We just click and I think we go well together. Especially considering he hasn't run away screaming yet after everything that has happened. Definitely something special. "I think I'll keep you, too." He kisses me, starting slow and gentle but soon it's deep and body-tingling and we wind up bodies tangled again. Who needs a break from perfection anyway? Again, it's perfect. We might be perfect. It's probably too soon to know for sure, but I don't care because I'm pretty sure I'm well on my way to having a real, non-battery-operated boyfriend – and future – I can use to turn down my many elderly suitors. Best night ever.