shaking, I lift her ass up to rest on my knees and take hold of my cock. I brush it along her pussy and oh my God, I feel like I'm in heaven already. I know I'm starting to breathe heavily. I place the head of my cock at her entrance and very slowly begin to push inside. Ok, I've never been a religious person, but Holy Mother of God! I slowly pull back out and push in again a couple of times until I'm completely buried inside her. I have to close my eyes and take a couple of deep breaths; otherwise I'm sure that I'll embarrass myself. When I think I'm calm, I pull out almost all the way, then push forward. I begin to build up a slow rhythm when it hits me— I'm having sex! I'm no longer a virgin! I feel like shouting it from the rooftops. I speed up my thrusts; Tee-Pee just feels too fucking good. The way her perfect round tits are moving in time with my thrusts… that has to be the hottest thing I've ever seen. And the way my cock looks moving in and out of her… fuck, I don't know where to focus my attention! "Ohhh…" I can feel my orgasm coming on, but I can't stop it. "Fuck, fuck!" I yell out as I come. I collapse forward, my head buried between her boobs. I don't know how long I lie there before the condom starts to feel gross. Remembering what we learned in Sex Ed, I grasp the end of the condom as I pull out. I see a trash can beside the bed, so I toss the condom and wrapper in there, then fall onto my back on the bed beside her. Holy shit… that is what I've been missing? I'll never settle for just a handjob again, that's for sure. "Are you down for the count, or do you want to do it again?" she asks after a few minutes. Are you fucking kidding me?! I make a sort of giggle snort as Tee-Pee begins brushing her hand along my chest and stomach. When she reaches the bottom of my t-shirt, she tries to push it up, but I place my hand on hers to stop her. She narrows her eyes at me, but moves toward the end of the bed and takes the head of my soft dick into her mouth. Just a few slurps— by someone who knows what she's doing — and I'm hard again. "Hand me another condom from the box." I reach over to the box sitting on top of the nightstand and pull out a condom, tearing into the wrapper and handing it to her. She slides the latex down my cock, then straddles me, slowly lowering herself down. "Oh fuck!" I cry out when my cock is completely enveloped in her heat. I watch mesmerized as she begins moving above me, lifting herself up and down. She feels so fucking good; I'm afraid to move, not wanting to come again so soon. But I can't stop myself, I have to thrust. She cries out when I do, moving faster, tits bouncing every which way. "Shit, shit, shit…" I chant, trying to hold back my orgasm. But it's no use, and I erupt with a loud whimper just as Tee-Pee cries out. I'm still shaking when she climbs off of me, then helps me remove the condom. "You're a good fuck, Cullen… for a virgin," she winks. "I'm not a virgin anymore… thanks to you." I… am a Sex God. I made a girl come… twice! Fuck, yeah! Blushing, she climbs off the bed and steps into the attached bathroom. I close my eyes and pass out. . "Cullen!" A sharp shake of my shoulder wakes me from the best sleep of my life. "Huh? What?" Fuck, I'm hungover— my mouth tastes like ass. "Get the fuck up!" I open my eyes, staring into the panicked, makeup-free face of Collin's sister, the fucking college girl who took my virginity last night. Oh thank God I wasn't so wasted that I don't remember last night. "How about another round?" I ask, reaching for her tit. I bet sex would help with my hangover. "Stop it," she warns, batting my hand away. "My parents could be home any minute." "Sorry, uh… Tee-Pee." Fuck, I still don't know her real name. "Do you not know my name?" she asks, sounding amused for the first time this morning. "No?" I reply, shaking my head as I run my fingers through my hair. Sighing, she crawls off the bed— completely naked, mind you — and begins digging around in a drawer. Wow, she has a nice ass. How did I miss that last night? "It's Tanya," she replies over her shoulder. "Tanya Pauline— or TP to my baby bro." "Right… I'm sure Collin mentioned that at some point," I reply as I find my boxers half hidden underneath the bed. "You know, I don't remember him mentioning you before, Cullen," she says. "I don't know why he wouldn't. We've been friends for over a year." I shrug, stepping into my jeans. "What's your first name?" "Uh, Edward." "What?" she blurts, turning around to stare at me. "Edward," I repeat. "Edward Cullen." "The Edward that's in Collin's class?" she shrieks. "Yeah?" What the fuck is her problem? "You're a sophomore?!" "Yeah," I say again. Only because I barely passed last year. "Have you already had your birthday?" she whispers. "My 16th? No, not until next June." "Oh my God!" she yells. "Oh my fucking God… you're 15 years old! Oh my God…" "How old did you think I was?" "It doesn't fucking matter! Oh my God! Get out! You need to get out of here— now!" Fuck, she's clearly panicking. "All right, all right," I mutter, trying to slide my feet into my shoes. "I guess this means I can't have your number, huh?"