burst of bright light in the middle of room it was a white Faye it was bowing to me then I noticed who it was ….."Hello Felicity I haven't you since we separated it has been too long" she turned her pixie-like body into a normal human body then came running to me. We hugged and burst into tears we haven't seen each other for nearly two thousand years. Orethyon pov I was the only that haven't claimed my name so I stood up and looked at everyone in the room and said "My name is Orethyon ruler of life and death" as soon as I said that there was black sparking in the centre of the room and what came out was my old friend the Grim Reaper as soon as he came out of the portal I ran to him and smiled scarily at him "Princess you know that smile scares me!" and he blocked his eyes "You haven't changed a bit Grimy" I went up and hugged him Thina screamed hello to Grim I looked around saw scared faces of Aro, Caius and especially Emmett "Oh sorry where are my manners Grim Reaper these are my friends" as I pointed to Aro and Emmett "and of course you know my sisters" he slightly bowed and said princesses "and there friends and of course my mate Caius" I smiled as introduced everyone was scared except for my sisters cause they met him before. "Well you are the famous Caius I have been meaning to tell you something in private" Grim was smiling like an idiot so I broke the tension and walked over to Caius and sat on his lap and cuddled into his lap "What did you want to talk about? " I asked for Caius cause he looked as if he went into shock, I was waving my hand up and down in front of his face. The decision Next day Orethyon pov Grimy took Caius from me the whole day I was starting to miss him but it trusted Grimy but if anything happened to Caius I would've gave grimy a life time worth of punishments, so I started following Caius and Grimm's scent and it went straight to the dungeon of the whole entire castle my blood started to boil if Grim did anything to hurt Caius I was going to personally slit his throat and replace him before he even said sorry. I warned before when he scared Adothina and she started crying the whole week I got so angry with that I gave that warning ever since then he always become nice and happy around my sister. I walked into the dungeon and saw Grim looking at the strange weapons and Caius was explaining what they were, I heard that they were special guns that were specially made for children of the moon and because I am ruler of life and death I was so quiet that they couldn't hear until I said "Boys what are you doing?!" That's when they both jumped and held up the guns as fast as they could and they put it back down when they noticed it was me Grim was the first answer "I never get used to that princess" shaking his and turn around then Caius said "Vick- I mean Rethy how did you come in here so quietly?" he asked as he came and hugged me I let go of him with my hands still around his neck and said "I am 10 times stronger and faster than a vampire and also I am ruler of life and death I have to be the fastest to kill those that need to die" He started chuckling and didn't let go of him so they started talking the rest of the weapons but I didn't want to let go I just got him back from stupid grimy. And then I heard I scream one I knew very well. Adothina Sethlyrena pov Adothina and I were just catching up to all the stuff we missed out and then suddenly Emmett barges through the door and says in a hurry "Adothina, Sethlyrena you got to come quickly, hurry!" As soon as he finished his sentence we were already at the throne room then we saw someone we haven't seen in ages. Our mother but she didn't so good I don't think Adothina noticed but I did. She look weak and was starting to fade then from a side door I saw Caius and Orethyon barge in ready to fight but then I noticed that Adothina was jumping up and down screaming, Rethy became calm once she saw our mother but there was something weird about her, I become shocked it was time. I can't believe mother has to say goodbye now. Adothina pov I started screaming once I saw my mother she looked well I saw Sethlyrena look at her with sympathy, I got confused isn't she happy to see mother? Instead I ran up to my mother and gave her a hug I haven't seen her ever since we split she hugged me back and was crying it wasn't until she wiped my cheeks that I noticed I was crying Rethy came next to hug mother Rena stayed back and bowed her head at mother and took off outside of the crying Emmett ran after her "Um mother why doesn't Rena want to come to say hello to you?" "She hasn't told you yet?" "Told me what mother?" "You have to go ask her" At that I ran after her in her room with Emmett crying the sun was peeping through the window which meant two days to the coronation she was in a ball crying with Emmett comforting her, I noticed Rethy was next to me, so I asked her "What haven't you told us sister?" She cried even more, I felt sorry for her I didn't want to hurt but I wanted the answers