is sitting next to the sink. And I promise you right now that you don't need it. So I want you to pick it up and flush it down the toilet. Right now." Edward thought to himself how Bella had a flare for the dramatic. He also decided that he liked her and wanted to talk to her again. "I can do that for you, Bella." "No, Edward. You have to do it for you ," she insisted. She heard the sound of a toilet flush and was finally able to let out the breath she'd been holding. "Thank you, Bella," Edward said softly as he walked out of the bathroom and went to sit on the couch. "You're very welcome. Is there anything else you need to tell me?" she asked cautiously. Edward changed the subject, not ready to delve deeper into his demons yet. He had plenty more soul bearing to do but thought it better to save for future conversations. He hoped she would agree to allow him to call her again. "You're an enigma, Bella. I want to ask you more questions now." "Proceed, if you must," she replied while faining annoyance. Edward smiled, happy that she seemed more relaxed with him now than she was when he first called. "What's your favorite band?" "Luke Bryan." "Who's that?" Bella giggled, not surprised by his response. "He's a country music artist. I'm from Texas, remember?" "Are you telling me you're a cowgirl, Bella?" Edward asked dropping his voice again. It was the voice of Edward Cullen that she recognized from his films. Deep and sultry. Jessica called it a panty dropper. "I've ridden a horse a time or two," she replied. Edward liked that visual. He suddenly wanted a clearer picture. "Bella, would it be too forward of me to ask you to text me a picture of yourself? I want a face to go along with your lovely voice." "You want me to send a selfie to Edward Cullen ?" "I'm just a guy named Edward, Bella. Please don't think of me as anything more than that. The Edward Cullen you speak so fondly of is nothing more than a figment of your imagination. Believe me." "And this guy named Edward I've been getting to know is nothing more than a voice through my phone," she countered. "Precisely. I can send you a picture of me too if you want," he offered. Bella couldn't say no to that. "O-okay." Edward smiled. "I won't take up any more of your time this evening, but I've really enjoyed talking to you and I'd like to do it again sometime. Would that be alright with you?" "Yes," she breathed. "Thank you, Bella. I'll call you again next Sunday night. Don't forget to text me that picture." "You either, Guy Named Edward." He chuckled into the phone. Bella closed her eyes and tried to memorize that sound for she wasn't at all convinced that Edward would ever dial her number again. Especially after he saw her plain face appear on his Smartphone. "Have a pleasant evening, Bella." "You too." Bella hung up the phone and quickly ran a comb through her hair. She took off her glasses and applied a touch of makeup to her face before snapping her picture. She took several shots before getting an image she was willing to send him. The text with Edward's picture came through before she finished typing her own message. She noticed his phone number was included in the body of the message. Edward was stunning in his selfie, wearing a plain white t-shirt and a smile. What made her heart swell was the fact that next to his face Edward held up her yellow fan letter in his hand. Damning evidence that the conversation she just had was not a dream. Bella knew she would open that text message every time she needed proof that the last hour had been real. Bella was now deeply concerned about Edward's well being. If the tabloid photos weren't enough to worry her then their conversation certainly did. She wanted nothing more than for Edward to follow through on his promise and call her again, if not for her own indulgence then for his comfort. Bella could sense how much Edward needed a loyal, supportive friend and she wanted to be that for him. Bella thought he was wrong about his negative self image. In that picture Edward was real, untouched by computer effects and lighting tricks. He looked natural and more handsome than she'd ever seen him before. A few seconds later Edward received the message from Bella. He was excited and nervous to see the face of the woman who had such a profound impact on him. Even the short amount of time they spent conversing that night made Edward's heart and mind ache a little less. Edward knew he wanted to be friends with Bella Swan. He had never had a true friendship with a woman and he thought it was high time he gave it a try. Bella had already saved him once by convincing him to flush the little while pill. Edward understood how much he needed to talk to someone outside Los Angeles once in a while. It didn't matter to him what she looked like; it might even be easier on him if she was unattractive, for Edward knew himself to be a bit of a flirt with women. Young and old, they all gravitated to him with very little effort on his part. Edward opened Bella's text message and quickly saw just how problematic being strictly platonic friends with her was going to be. Isabella Swan was downright beautiful. A/N: Just a reminder that this story is a WORK IN PROGRESS! I have three stories with this status and I'd appreciate your comments to determine which one I should work on completing first. I promise that at some point all three will get completed! Thanks for reading!