Washington Turned: Born human/vampire/shape-shifter hybrid Changed: 2029 Special Ability: Thought projection, shield penetration & limited telepathy Lucien Summers Full Name: Lucien Bryson Summers Born: December 18, 2029 in Forks, Washington Turned: Born human/vampire hybrid Special Ability: Tactile mental communication and mental shield Luna Snow Full Name: Luna Rainbow Snow-Grant Summers Born: April 5, 2025 in Portland, Oregon Turned: May 22, 2041 by Lucien Summers Perpetual Age: 16 Damien Grant Full Name: Damien Otto Grant Born: May 16, 2025 in Minneapolis, Minnesota Turned: April 25,2042 by Evan Black Perpetual Age: 16 Korrina Snow Full Name: Korrina Valerie Snow-Grant Black Born: February 27, 2033 in Portland, Oregon Turned: March 23, 2048 by Evan Black Perpetual Age: 15 In Life and Death: Twilight Reimagined, the coven is consisted of Carine Cullen, Earnest Cullen, Edythe Cullen (who has telepathy), Royal Hale, Eleanor Cullen, Archie Cullen (who has subjective precognition), Jessamine Hale (who has pathokinesis), Beau Swan (who has mental shield), Julie Black (who has superior strength, limited telepathy & Alpha voice), Lacey Stone (who has aura manipulation and aura reading), Kalen Diamond, Tyson Stewart (who has mental healing and tactile perception), Layton Stewart (who has mental communication and mental shield) Janelle Long (who has tracking sense) Brynn Summers, Evelin Swan (who has telepathy (human), shield penetration, limited telepathy (wolf), superior strength and Alpha voice), Slater Swan (who has thought projection, shield penetration & limited telepathy), Lucinda Stewart (who has tactile mental communication and mental shield), Levi Snow, Diana Grant and Konrad Snow. (A/N: I don't have the full list because I'm following this user who is writing the story of Life and Death only starting with the original ending and now currently on Eclipse and I wanna see how this user does it so I can get inspiration to my version of Life and Death in my stories. The user is Visser2135 if you want to see her stories. This user is good.) Olympic coven extension (A/N: New extensions) The Quileute Pack: The tribe's original pack was initially very hostile toward the Cullen family due to the danger they represented, but were unable to attack due to their great-grandfathers' treaty that keeps them from attacking as long as the Cullens didn't 'bite' a human or cross on over to their land. On September 11, 2006, Jacob Black imprints on vampire hybrid Renesmee, and through this incident, he becomes connected to the Cullens and the treaty becomes stronger than before, whereas Quileute laws state that 'no wolf should harm another wolf's imprinted one' for fear of destructive results. Sam has stated that since Jacob imprinted on Renesmee, she is as much part of their tribe's family as she is the Cullens'. This makes the Quileutes and the Olympic coven an extended family of sorts, particularly the Black family. The Clearwater family also shares a connection to the Cullens due to Bella's father Charlie being married to Sue Clearwater.A new pack was formed when the Cullens moved to Minneapolis, Minnesota and met Brian Walker whose ancestor was a former member of the Black Pack due to his compassion with Cullens being different. The Denali coven : On the basis of their similar diet, the Denali coven is considered a loyal extension of Carlisle's coven, calling themselves cousins. In Breaking Dawn , Tanya apologizes for not aiding the Cullens in the newborn army crisis and states that she and her mates are part of the Olympic coven, too. The Denali coven consists of Tanya, Kate, Eleazar, Carmen, Garrett, Mordecai, Eden, Sophia, Cameron, Ariana and William; former members are the deceased Irina, Laurent, Sasha and Vasilii. The Stewart family: Tiffany's family's connection with the Cullens makes Gwen, Hayden, Sam and Kellan relatives to the Cullen family. Lucina is the strongest link between two families, because they are related by blood. Sam's deceased husband Ethan could also be considered an indirect family member. They now know about Lucina's nature and about the supernatural in A Christmas Surprise. The Detroit coven: The Detroit coven is a loyal extension of the Cullen family when they helped them from Zoran's coven. They soon became relatives due to Tiffany and Jalen's marriage. They also share a connection due to Mordecai dating Tanya and soon they joined the Denali coven. The Detroit coven consists of Mordecai Coleman, Eden Love, Sophia Faye, Cameron Parker, Ariana Vega and William Heart; former members include Jalen Long and deceased Witney. The Gold family: Bryce's family's connection with the Cullens makes Austin, Ellie, Russell, Dexter, Tori, Trina and Nina relatives to the Cullen family. They now know about the supernatural in A Christmas Surprise. The Pennington family: The Penningtons share a connection with the Cullen family due to Jalen's relationship with Elena. They soon became relatives due to Elena's children Melissa and Ian's connection with Jalen she names him the godfather to her children. They now know about the supernatural in A Christmas Surprise. The Snow-Grant Family: Luna, Damien and Korrina's marriage with Lucien, Sarah and Evan respectfully makes Maureen and Calvin in-laws to the Cullen family. Maureen's deceased husband Noland and Calvin's deceased wife Evelyn could also be considered as family members. Calvin and Maureen both know about the supernatural. Desired members: Skai: A half-human half-vampire hybrid. He met the Cullens after saving Lucien when he was attack. Knowing he has no family because of the previous Volturi, the Cullens offered him to stay with them but Skai kindly refused. Skai soon suddenly sees power hearing the Cullens as the new Volturi and attacked Lucien and taking Lucas's gift until it was quickly returned. Skai returns fourteen years later to make his revenge on Lucien for the lost of Kourtney using Il Mietitore Capacità and the metal vampires but was thwarted in the end by the Cullens and he was executed after that. He is one of the two who failed to join the family, the other one was Bree Tanner, but was killed by the Volturi. Hope you all liked the new updated Olympic Cullen. Please review.