it and it smelled like Mom, but it wasn't because she was sitting on it. It looked like a small bone with a weird color at the end, so maybe she was hiding a treat for me. I laid down and started to try and chew it, but it definitely didn't taste like a bone and was a weird shape. "What is AJ chewing on?" Dad asked. When he tried to grab it from my mouth I growled and held onto it because it was my job to figure out what it was. Then all the sudden the bone-like thing broke in half and he got the colored half and I got the rest of the bone that I ran away with in a small corner that only I could reach. "Damn it, AJ come back here, heel!" Mom yelled as she chased after me. "What is that?" Dad asked. "Nothing, we just need to get it back." "Why what was it?" "Edward now is not the time to talk about it," she replied trying to reach behind the cabinet to reach me. "But Bella, seriously what is this?" he asked again holding his half. "Ugh, it's a pregnancy test, a positive one that he has in his mouth, because I was going to try and surprise you with it. That's why I left the table earlier to get it so I could surprise you with it. But it must've fell out from underneath me when I jumped up after you proposal and now he probably think it's a bone or we're playing a game with him. So help me get that damn pee stick out of his mouth!" she yelled at the end still trying to reach me while Dad just stood there looking stunned. "Bella.." he mumbled. "Bella?" he said a bit louder. When she didn't respond he yelled her name for her and she turned to him. "Did you just say that's positive pregnancy test?" She nodded her head a bit nervous. "So are you saying you're pregnant and we're going to be parents?" "No, Edward, I'm hiding the pee stick of old Miss. Johnson down the hall. You know the scandal that it would be for someone her age to be pregnant," she rolled her eyes annoyed. I wasn't sure if it was at him or me. "Of course it's ours and I'm sorry it came out like this, but please help me get that from AJ?" she signed Dad calmly walked towards the kitchen and found a bag I knew on sight. He pulled out a full big treat without breaking it in a small piece like Mom does. I ran towards him dropping the icky bone by Mom and quickly started to eat the treat. It was so delicious and it took me a bit to get all the way through it. When I was done I looked around and didn't see Mom or Dad anywhere. I sat there for a second until I heard some noise coming from upstairs. So I ran towards the stairs and started my climb up. Half way up I heard some weird noises and tried to get up even sooner using all the energy of the delicious treat to fuel my little legs. Once at the top of the stairs I ran towards the bedroom and I heard Mom being really loud and Dad making weird noises. Since I didn't completely trust him alone with Mom I had to get in there soon. I started to bark and scrape at the door and even run into it until it finally opened. The smell that hit me was new and strange and I couldn't place it. When I looked up I saw Dad looking weird and smelling odd too. I ran by him when I heard Mom mumble something from the bed and went to make sure she was alright. "Nosey little thing isn't he?" Dad asked as he closed the door. "He just isn't used to you being here as well as hearing those noises," she laughed while Dad mumbled something about getting used to it. "Edward, could you be the best ever and take him out before bed?" she asked. After a bit more asking from Mom he agreed and took me out and when we came back in I followed him up the steps and into the bedroom. When Dad got into bed I sat on his side whimpering a bit. It didn't take long for him to sigh an reach down picking me up and setting me at the foot of the bed. "You're actually letting him sleep on the bed?" Mom asked surprised, as though this hasn't been happening every night. "As long as he doesn't wet it and sleeps that the foot of the bed. Besides I'm sure this has been a common occurrence since he got here," he smiled pressing his face against hers again as she giggled and shrugged. "Besides I don't think he trusts you alone with me yet." I didn't care for this end of the bed and but as long as I get to stay by Mom, I'm good. I might not have cared for him before, but I think Dad and I are starting to get a good understanding of each other. "At least he's protective so when the baby comes as well as having a nice guard dog," she mumbled while yawning. I wasn't sure what baby they were talking about. But if it seemed to make my Mom happy like Dad did, then I guess I won't mind it too much. Just as long as I'm the one getting the treats and attention, I have no complaints about this life. And I definitely like whatever this Valentine's Day weekend is about as long as I keep getting full treats. Hope you guys enjoyed this little story. Again, please forgive any mistakes that are present. Reviews are like getting full treats. Be safe and happy. ~fighter419