from this moment. "Hey, love, hey," Edward soothes, leaning down to gently kiss away my tears. Again our gazes meet, and neither of us needs to say a word. Everything unspoken passes between us in that instant. I love you… you own me… I'm yours… together… forever … I shift my hips experimentally, noticing that the pain has significantly decreased. The friction is amazing, so I do it again, sighing both in relief and in pleasure. Edward groans into my hair. "Don't do that unless you're ready for me to move. I'm dying here." I giggle, and the motion must transfer through our physical connection, as he groans again. "I'm okay, you can move." "Oh, thank god." He shifts his weight, pulling out slightly before pushing back in. Over and over, he repeats the motion, both of us making slight adjustments until we find a comfortable rhythm. I wrap my legs around his, pressing my heels against him to pull him even deeper. We're moving and panting and shaking, and it's the most amazing feeling in the world. "Can't… much longer… too good," Edward tells me in short breaths. "Want to feel you come again." Without interrupting his thrusts, he somehow manages to bend down to suck my nipple. Fuck, yeah. Having been neglected for a while, the girls are ready for more attention, and I feel the familiar coil building in my belly. Wanting to help him out, I reach down to rub my clit, keeping pace with his movement. I can feel where we're joined, and my fingers skim Edward's slick cock on each pass. "More, harder," I moan. "So close..." He pushes even faster, deeper inside me, and less than a minute later I'm screaming out his name, my muscles clenching as he pushes me over once again. Edward thrusts sporadically a few times before I feel him jerk inside me, filling me with warmth. Spent, he collapses on top of me, and I wrap my arms around him tightly as we both come back down from our mutual high. As our breathing returns to normal, Edward slowly slips out of me, and I whimper quietly at the loss. His expression tells me he feels the same way. He gently kisses my lips, whispering, "I love you." He leaves me for a minute to dispose of the condom, bringing back a few tissues to help me clean up a little. Then he jumps back in bed, snuggling up behind me. I sigh, knowing what's coming. "That was amazing, Bella," Edward whispers in my ear. I shiver at the ticklish feeling, my entire body still sensitive from our lovemaking. I nod silently in agreement. "But, um… what… how…" he trails off, I'm guessing not sure what to ask. How did I know what to do? "You know all those stories I'm always reading?" I turn to face him, unsurprised to see the confusion on his face. "And you know I also write occasionally?" He nods. "Do you know what those stories are about?" "Uhm, it's… those vampire books, right?" Hah. My sweet, naïve Edward. "Right. But did you know that a lot of them don't even have vampires in them? They're just stories written about the characters, in all sorts of different settings. Most have absolutely nothing to do with the books." I'm rambling, but he's nodding along, still looking adorably confused. "Well, a lot of them, they're very, um… explicit ?" I say it as a question, and he cocks his head to the side. "Smut. They have tons of smut." Still not getting it. I think I need to be even clearer. "There's a lot of sex scenes. Really, really hot ones. Very detailed. Sometimes very kinky." I see it the moment understanding dawns, and his eyes pop wide open. "Y-you read that stuff? A lot ?" I can't tell what he's thinking from his tone, so I just nod. "And do you… have you written it, too?" I'm sure I blush bright red as I nod this time. "I thought I might be able to, you know, use some of what I'd read before. To help us, uhm, you know?" His expression is still undecipherable, and now I'm starting to get worried. "Are… are you mad?" He shakes his head immediately, and I sigh with relief. "No, just surprised I guess. I didn't, I don't… I don't really read that kind of stuff, so I'm not sure what it's all about, but…" His cheeks pink slightly as he thinks for a few seconds. "I guess, based on how that just went, there must be some pretty good stuff out there, huh?" I smirk. "Oh, you have no idea." "Oh, really?" He sounds intrigued. "Do tell." "You really want to know?" I'm surprised. I've always hoped we'd develop an active sex life, maybe try some different types of things, but wasn't really sure Edward would be up to it, to be honest. He's such a romantic at heart, and he just admitted he hasn't explored much in this area. Is it at all possible he might be interested in trying to keep up with my dirty inner mind? "Oh, yeah." He grins widely. "I'd love for you to teach me more, a lot more. And I'm sure we can learn some new things together." He exaggerates a wink, wiggling his eyebrows at me, and it's so ridiculous I just have to laugh. Edward joins in, his full smile and the crinkles around his eyes melting my heart. He looks so much more relaxed and happy, now that we've crossed this first hurdle. I wonder how far I can go with this… Why not get started right away? "Well, then." I disentangle myself and rise from the bed, Edward's eyes following my every move. I inch backwards towards the bathroom, pausing when I reach the doorway. "Give me three minutes and then get in here. We can move on to lesson two: shower sex." . . .