them all, "Don't be so harsh, Rose. There might be a special meaning behind it." "There is," Edward sighed again. He missed Bella, but he had to keep his distance. He just had to, "Her parents are both in the art world." "I like her top," Alice smiled, "I'll have to ask her- "You will do no such thing," Rosalie hissed, "We're in enough trouble as- "No one's in trouble," Alice corrected, "You know the future, Rosalie. I told you. Everything is fine." "Everything is not fine. You- "Rose," Emmett reached over and placed his hand atop hers. At Emmett's touch, Rosalie relaxed and she could feel Jasper lending some assistance by manipulating her emotions. Emmett was just the kind of guy she needed in her life. It was too bad she had no romantic interest in him. He would make the perfect mate—he was cute, funny, strong. For awhile, she had tried to force herself to become romantically interested in him, but she couldn't and occasionally, that frustrated her. If it wasn't for his childish features that painfully reminded her of Veera's little Henry, then she had no doubt that her and Emmett would be together. But these stupid humans thought they were. It was annoying, really. But she supposed it was none of their business. It was true, Emmett was like her right arm. He was her best friend and they did everything together—she was a better person because of him and was very protective. That's why the gossip about their relationship and the comments she heard caused such an intense aggravation. He had a very special place in her still heart. "She's not suspicious?" Alice's voice snapped Rosalie out of her thoughts and she saw Alice directing the question at her husband. "No," Jasper muttered, "Her emotions are very positive. Happy and bubbly." "Good," Alice relaxed. She hid it well, but she was concerned for her family. She didn't want to leave. Especially now that Edward has found his mate. "Alice," Edward growled. "You're only making things more difficult," Alice snapped, annoyed, "It's hurting you and it's hurting her. It's a test of your self-control, yes, but your love- "I don't love her!" Edward slammed his fist on the table, wincing when a few people looked over, "I don't," he repeated in a low tone. " Yet ," Alice quipped, "And when you accept that fact, things will get a lot easier. Until then, you can continue to wallow in your own self-pity." With that said, she stood up, going to dump out her empty lunch tray. Edward gritted his teeth. He and Alice were very close as they were both freaks among freaks, but she really knew how to get on his nerves sometimes. Especially when it had to do with his future with Bella Swan. "She did that on purpose," Rosalie glared over her shoulder, "She's talking to her ." "... I just had to tell you ," Alice said, beaming, " I really like it !" " Thank you, Alice, " Kit grinned, returning the energy, " I like yours too. And your sister's. Her name is Rosalie ?" " Mhm ," Alice nodded, " I'll tell her you said that ." Rosalie snorted. Like she cared what some human thought about the way she dressed. She was sure that her whole outfit cost more than Kit's house. " I heard about the accident ," Kit's voice turned sad, " Your family is all right? No one was hurt ?" " No, we're all fine ," Alice promised, " Edward was standing right next to her ." " Good ," Kit seemed genuinely relieved, " That's good. Oh, th—Alice? Alice, are you okay ?" Jasper was the first to whip his head around and he jumped to his feet, getting ready to dart over and get his wife. "Don't," Edward held his hand up, "Her eyes are closed." "It's not like this hasn't happened before," Emmett commented, "In the hallway, class, while she drives." But Jasper wasn't convinced and he growled a warning when Emmett grabbed his other arm, keeping him in place. "Chill," Emmett demanded, "Look, she's coming out of it. Listen." " Sorry ," Alice's eyes fluttered open and she smiled apologetically, " Dizzy spell ." " Oh ," Kit gasped and dug around in her bag, pulling out a small bottle of juice, " Here, take this, then. It should help ." " Thank you ," Alice took the juice from Kit, but she had no plans to drink it, " Well, it was nice meeting you. My siblings are waiting for me and we all need to get to class ." " Bye, Alice ," Kit wiggled her fingers and watched her for a moment before she turned and left the cafeteria, her skirt swishing behind her. Alice glided back over and into Jasper's arms when he held them out. "Darlin', are you okay?" Jasper demanded, cupping her cheek. "I'm fine," Alice promised, "I found out where she got her blouse." "You're such a child," Rosalie snarled, "That was very dangerous. Are you insane?" "Nope," Alice smiled, looking at the back of the bottle, "She gave me juice." "Oh my gosh ," Rosalie huffed and snatched her books off the table, storming out of the cafeteria, cursing the whole way. "C'mon, we're going to be late," Emmett mumbled before he grabbed his books and jogged at a normal pace to catch up to Rosalie. "What did you see?" Jasper asked, his blonde eyebrows knitting together. "It was strange," Alice grabbed her books from the table and held them to her chest, using her free hand to hold Jasper's, "I'm not quite sure. Bella was still there, but it...the vision changed ," she looked at Edward when he smirked, "Don't look so smug, big brother. Your future is still the same. It's Emmett's I'm concerned about." Author's Note: Really excited for this story! Anyone notice the 'Finding Carter' reference? - FictionChic