what percentage of his fan mail comes from single women when a wallet size photo falls out of the envelope. I swoop down quickly and pick it up before Edward even notices it fall. "Fuck me!" I exclaim. I hold the picture out for Edward to see. "I'm willing to bet my next five orgasms that this woman doesn't know you from watching the local news." Edward's eyes widen as he glances at the photograph. The woman has taken an amateur picture of herself; naked and bound by black rope in a highly suggestive pose. He says nothing and opens the letter to read. "Read it out loud for goodness sake!" I say exasperated. "Bella, calm down. It's rare, but I get pictures of women at the station now and then. It's no big deal." "Dressed like that? This woman knows you from the club , Edward." Edward shrugs and clears his throat. "Dear Master Cullen," he begins. His brow furrows, realizing I was right. "I have been watching you with the utmost fascination and interest for months. Every night when I touch myself I imagine your beautiful cock inside me. So much so that I can no longer cum without thinking of you. I need to sub for you. Please, make me your perfect slave. I'm offering myself to you wholly, completely. Please accept my offer to be yours... I need to belong to you, I feel like I already do! I've enclosed a picture of myself so you'll know what I'm offering. I want to be your sex slave, Master Cullen. Forever Yours, Catie." Edward's cheeks flush as he finishes reading the letter aloud. I'm shocked by what this woman has written. She's been watching him for months? Well, then she's been watching me too. Frankly, I'm offended. What makes her think Edward is in any way available? "Shit," he whispers and leans against the counter next to me. "Is that what you normally get at the station? Women throwing themselves at you?" I demand. "They usually want to know if I'm single, or ask for a date, stuff like that. This letter is... intense." Edward takes the photo from me and studies it. "Have you ever seen her?" I ask. Her face isn't one I recognize from the club. "No. If she's been coming to see our scenes she must never come outside the theater. I've never seen her before." I scrunch my nose in disgust. I'm all for voyeurism; I get off by having sex in front of friends and strangers, but something about this girl rubs me the wrong way. "Give this photo to Emmett and Rose. If they see her at the club or at our next scene we should know about it." Edward grins. "Why? Are you worried about me, Miss Swan?" "Just feeling a little territorial is all," I say flippantly. "Let's go to bed, Master Cullen , it's been a very long night." "Okay," he agrees and kisses my temple. "C'mon Beanie. Bedtime." My eyes feel so heavy by the time I change clothes and do my bathroom routine. Edward's already in bed reading a novel. He's wearing only flannel pajama bottoms, the sheets pulled up to his waist. I curl up against his side and he drapes one long arm around my shoulder. Tomorrow is Saturday, the one day a week we have 24/7 playtime. When I wake at 8am I will be Isabella and Edward will be Master. I look forward to the weekend for this reason; a whole day to be my secret alter ego. My mind is still racing in response to Edward's fan letter. Instead of writing in my sub journal tomorrow about the seven orgasms I received tonight I think it will be filled with my thoughts on this kinky woman named Catie who has the hots for my Edward. Something about her letter disturbs me. I don't like feeling like a jealous girlfriend. My arm is lying across Edward's stomach and I clench him tighter. "What's wrong?" he asks looking away from his book to check my face. He knows me so well that he can read my emotions from my facial expressions. "There's a lot on my mind, I guess." "You'll feel better by the end of tomorrow, relaxed and sated." I smile at him and rub my face against his bare chest, the light smattering of chest hairs tickling my skin. He's right that tomorrow will help calm me. Submitting requires me to focus all my attention and thoughts on him, letting everything else in the world fall away. It's a kind of meditation for me. "Are you upset about that letter?" he presses, already knowing the answer. "Yes. She sounds seriously disturbed, Edward. I don't like the idea of her sitting in the audience at the theater, watching us fuck." He chuckles lightly. "It turns you on having people watch us, seeing me fuck your brains out every week." "I know, but not her. I feel like I need to protect you or something." "Do you want to cancel next week's performance? Get Rose or someone else to fill in until we find out who she is?" he asks. I can hear the resistance in his voice. Friday nights at Coming Attractions is what Edward loves most about BDSM. He feels about performing the way I do about 24/7 play on Saturdays. "No," I sigh. "Let's not change our routine because of this, this… Kinky Catie . I just hope Rosalie recognizes her from that picture." "Okay," he concedes laughing softly and then kisses the top of my head. "Do you want me to read to you, Bella?" "Yes, just a few minutes until I fall asleep." Edward picks up where he left off in his book, reading the words aloud. I snuggle my body against his, closing my eyes and letting his beautiful voice rock me to sleep. A/N: Please let me know what you think by leaving a review!