He knew he wouldn't last long the way she was circling him with her tongue and nipping his sensitive skin with her teeth. "You have to take it easy, baby. It's been a while for me," he said in between moans of pleasure. Bella smiled around his erection and slowly backed off. "What do you suggest then?" "Sit on me. I want to feel what it's like to be inside you." When she stood up Edward grabbed her hips and pulled her stomach against his face. He kissed her smooth skin over and over working his way up to her breasts. His mouth pulled her taut pink nipple into his mouth and sucked hard on it making her gasp. Edward moved to the other side, lavishing equal attention to her other perfect tit. He would have been content nuzzling her naked body much longer, but Bella had an aching need between her legs that she couldn't ignore. She gently pushed him away and climbed into his lap. Their eyes met as she placed her hands on his shoulders and sank down over his cock. He felt amazing inside her and Bella got the intense, familiar urge to start rocking against his hips. As soon as she did she saw Edward wince in pain. "That hurts you?" she breathed. "The thrusting," he groaned. "Fuck, I wish it didn't, but it pulls on my side..." "It's okay, don't hurt yourself," Bella replied. "We'll find another way." She stopped moving over him and just reveled in the full feeling of his cock inside her. Bella ran her hands through his hair and kissed him passionately until her sex fogged brain could think of another way to fuck him without putting strain on his wound. "I got it," she finally said and eased off him entirely. "That's no solution," he whined, feeling the loss of her pussy to be agonizingly more painful than his stupid stitches. "Shut up and put your good arm around me," Bella giggled as she turned around. Edward obeyed as she faced away from him and sat on his lap in that position. "Fuck," he whispered as she mounted him, bent forward and holding onto the edge of the sink for support. He had no idea she would be so adventurous; he could only imagine what they would be like together once he was healthy again. "How does that feel?" Bella asked over her shoulder. "Like fucking Heaven, baby." Bella started rocking her hips, testing to see how Edward would handle it. There were no complaints after a few thrusts so she experimented with a faster pace. Edward moaned in pleasure and moved his left hand up to fondle her bouncing breasts. His other hand traveled south to finger her clit so Bella assumed that meant he was in no pain. It was game on. She rode him hard for as long as her legs would support her in that position. She would be sore the next day but didn't care what price she'd pay for the kind of pleasure that was about to explode from within her. Edward's fingers worked her over until she was close to falling apart. His breathing was getting louder and knew he was getting close too. She never wanted it to end but before long she felt herself losing control. "Come with me," she begged, knowing that she couldn't hold out much longer. "I'm ready," he panted in reply. Bella picked up the pace, ignoring the ache from her thigh muscles. The ache between her legs was taking precedent. Edward whimpered and quickened the circling of his fingers around her clit. It was a maddening feeling for him to resist the immense urge to thrust his hips against her ass, but also oddly erotic to stay still and let Bella control their movements. "I'm coming," she yelled. "Oh, God Edward!" He felt her clench around him and it set off his own orgasm. Together they fell over the edge, holding each other tight as they rode out the waves of pleasure. "My God, Bella. That was... Earth shattering," Edward said when he could finally think straight again. Bella was still catching her breath and leaning forward against the sink. Carefully she pulled herself off his dick and sat back against his chest. Edward nuzzled his face against her neck and wrapped his arms around her waist. He kissed her neck and nibbled on her ear. "Can you stand, Edward. I want to take you back to bed." "I think so," he said and managed to get up without her assistance. They walked through the apartment together and turned down the covers on the bed. Bella snuggled up next to him, lying on her stomach so they were facing each other. Flashes of what just transpired between them kept popping into her head and she couldn't believe she'd had the nerve to just have her way with Senator Cullen like that. Where had that Bella been hiding, she wondered? "What are you thinking about," Edward asked. "You have an awfully big grin on your face." "I think it's because I'm happy," she replied. "I'm happy too. And I just realized Chris Cuomo was wrong." "About what?" Bella chuckled. Edward cupped her face with his hand and rubbed his thumb along her cheek. "About the attack being an October Surprise. It may affect the election polls for a couple days, but once I get out there and people see that I'm fine it won't matter. So that means it's you." "What's me?" she asked confused. "You're my October surprise, Bella." She smiled and scooted up higher on the bed to kiss him. "Buttermilk," Bella said sleepily. "Excuse me?" "In the eggs. I whisk them with buttermilk before scrambling." Edward chuckled under his breath and kissed Bella's forehead. Their bodies snuggled closer under the covers as they fell asleep tangled together, Senator Cullen and his October surprise. A/N: Please leave me a review! I need positive reinforcement.