enter his PIN. As he did so, I desperately tried to come up with a reason to keep him there just a little longer. The machine whirred, along with my brain, and I toyed with the idea of telling him the transaction had been rejected so that I could suggest he make payment in kind. I felt there was some merit to my plan, but after a fully thirty seconds' deliberation I had to concede that asking him to fuck me senseless two minutes after finding out my name might not be the way to go. It was a mark of how desperate I was – and how impoverished my sex life had become – that I had actually given it as much as half a minute's consideration. As slowly as possible, I withdrew the card and held it out to him, but as he went to take it from me, I found myself unable to release my grip on it. Thus ensued a strange little tug of war – he pulling on the card and me clinging to it with my thumb and forefinger. Our eyes met, and he stopped trying to wrest it from my clutch. "Is there a problem?" he asked quite reasonably. "Uh, no… well, yes… no…" He cocked his head to one side, gazing at me quizzically; his lips twitched slightly, as if he was trying not to smile. "I mean, I was just wondering…" "Yes?" "I, uh, wondered if you, uh, had someone to, like, uh, share that bottle of wine with you… I mean, it's okay if you don't… or if you do, of course… I was just thinking it would be a shame to drink it alone… although there's nothing wrong with that… don't get me wrong. I, uh… shit…" Feeling like a prize idiot, I let go of his plastic and transferred my attention to the counter, knowing that my face was a hot, splotchy mess. Oh, God, why did I even start down that road? It seemed my sudden relinquishment of his card had literally wrong-footed him, and glancing up through my lashes I watched as he took what looked like an involuntary step back, a somewhat startled look on his face. I squeezed my eyes shut, hoping he'd maybe just take his damned wine and leave. But he didn't. "Bella? Hey, look at me." I did as he asked, letting myself get lost again in those fabulous eyes. Was it just wishful thinking, or had some of the melancholy that had seemed ever present dissipated just a little? "You want to share my wine?" I stared up at him as I tried hard to form a coherent response. "I, uh… do you want to share it?" He glanced up at the ceiling and sighed, before looking back at me. "I've been coming in this store every night for nearly six months to buy wine from you. I drink the whole bottle because it helps me sleep and because… well, I don't have anyone… Anyway, I could obviously buy it cheaper by the case or half case from a supermarket, or buy two or three bottles at a time, but… well, then I wouldn't get to see you every night before I go home, would I?" "No, I suppose not – wait, you mean you come in here for your wine just to see… me? I-I don't understand." "No, well, I'm not surprised. I'm not sure I understand either, but…" He sighed again and ran a hand through his hair. "Bella, I've spent the last couple of months trying to gather the courage to talk to you, but I thought you were married – I mean, like, happily – so I never said anything. I just couldn't stop myself coming in to pass a few minutes in your company. This has kind of become the highlight of my day." Two spots of color bloomed in his cheeks and I clapped a hand to my mouth. He gave me a sheepish smile and then picked up the bottle he'd just purchased. "So, what do you think? You wanna come back to my place and help me drink this very nice bottle of Australian wine that's just cost me nearly twenty bucks?" I dropped my hand as my smile spread from ear to ear. "I have to lock up and get my purse and coat. Give me your address, and I'll meet you there." He nodded, taking a pen from an inside pocket and scribbling directions on the notepad I kept next to the cash register. "I'll see you there." Without another word, he sauntered towards the door, which slid open as he approached. Before he stepped across the threshold, though, he turned back to me and smiled. "Don't take too long, Bella. I think we've both waited long enough." And then he was gone. Approximately thirty seconds later, I'd locked the door, set the alarm and was running upstairs. I started stripping before I even got into the bathroom, where I took the fastest shower of my life, shaving my armpits and my legs and slathering body lotion on every part of me I could reach. In my bedroom, which, happily, Mike had now vacated, I threw on clean underwear, my favorite maroon sweater, a pair of skinny black jeans and my knee-high black leather boots. I gave my hair a quick once-over with the hairdryer, but there was no time to do more than that, so I just pulled it into a high ponytail. As I exited my room, Mike wandered out of the living room looking half asleep and stared at me, perplexed. "Whazzup?" "I'm going out, Mike. Don't wait up." Without giving him time to reply or question me further, I flew down the stairs and out the back door. I'd been on a road to nowhere for way too long, but now it really felt like I was on a different road… a road to somewhere .