friend since the first day of kindergarten. I owe you everything because you were and still are my first love. Esme, we met you in third grade, but from the time you spoke, I fell in love with your compassion. Even as they bullied you, you still cared for their wellbeing. And Isabella, I love how you're always just you. Nothing ever phases you, and you always bring out the reasonable side to us. I'll leave you guys alone to think it over. If you still want to speak to me, Rosalie knows where I'll be." And she left. Flashback End "So, what happened after that?" Vera asks. "Well, none of us could stand being away from each other as we thought, so the three of us got together and discussed it. I found myself wondering what each of their lips tasted like and acted on it. I first kissed Isabella. Once she got over the initial shock, she responded back in a gentle kiss. Then, I kissed Esme. It took no time for her response, and we had our answers. We all walked to Mary Alice's house, and I took them to her place. It was the place that she went o if her dad ever abused her. We found her there sobbing. "I ran up to her and pulled her into my arms while comforting her. She told us that her dad had murdered her mom; that she had seen it in her dreams. We believed her and helped her prove it. All the while, we made our relationship stronger." / Weeks have passed since I told Vera everything. We became closer, and she visited the bar every time I worked. Tonight is chilly, but Vera's at her usual table ogling the other waitresses. I swear she's just as bad as the men sometimes. My shift ends at midnight. There were a couple of incidents that my sole friend took care of. We both leave the bar and walk to the corner. "Are you sure, Rosalie? I have no problem walking you home. Hell, you could stay at my place tonight if you wanted." "As tempting as that sounds, Vera, I can't. I have to check on my roommate. She gets lonely sometimes, and it's scary how void her face is of emotions…" Vera sighs and walks away while waving. When I can't see her anymore, I turn and head in the direction of my apartment. I don't make it far. A group of men, that Vera had taken care of step out from an ally. The leader faces me with a snarl on his face. "All you little bitches think you can get away from me. It's sad though; your little dyke bodyguard isn't here to save you now. I WILL have you!" I force myself to move; to turn my ass around and run to Vera. Again, I don't make it far. The man grabs my hair and pushes me to the ground. Then he begins to beat me relentlessly. When he feels I've had enough, he unbuckles his pants and proceeds to rape me. As he climaxes, he roughly gets up and kicks me. "You guys can have your turn now. She's pretty tight, so try not to hurt yourselves," he says with a chuckle. "But Royce, what do we do with the body?" he tells them to just leave me when they finish. When he leaves, the first one begins his "turn". It takes hours before the last one finally begins. "I'm so sorry, this happened to you," he says after the others have all left. I can only groan in irony as he doesn't rape me but leaves all the same. It doesn't take long for me to lose my grip on reality. I fight the darkness violently, but I lose. The only thing on my mind at the moment was my love for my girls and revenge on the fucker named Royce. "I'm sorry, Rosalie, but I can't let your life waste away like this… please forgive me. BPOV Tennessee 1910 Mary Alice, nothing's been the same since you left. Esme's mother had her betrothed; I know for sure that she's being hurt… I can feel it. It's like this phantom pain in my soul, and I don't like it. Rosalie left for New York the same night you were gone. I guess she couldn't handle it. I don't know anymore. I have the oddest feeling that something terrible is going to happen to our sweet Rosalie. Mary Alice, does that make me abnormal? Or is it just the power of our bond? It's been nine and a half months since I've seen my parents; my home in Biloxi. I haven't heard or seen any of my girls since the day Mary Alice left. It's heartbreaking. I've been traveling around the US ever since, but it isn't the same without the three of them kissing my cheek or cuddling into my side. Or even having Rosalie listen to me ramble as I read my favorite book. I race down the dusty Tennessee highway on my candy apple red Harley Davidson. The engine is horrible, but it was a gift from my father. I surprisingly make it to the nearest Podunk town before nightfall. I park in the thick forest as to not get mugged. Then, I take out my two blankets and make camp for the night. As I stare at the stars, I can't help but to think of my sweethearts and how they've been in the last months. It makes no sense for me to, but I let out a short prayer for the future. Dear Lord, I don't ask for much; hell, I don't think I ask for anything except for the love of my girls. But anyways, I ask of you to make sure that one way or another that my girls and I somehow make it back to each other. That's all I'm asking for Lord. Amen.