"Yes, he's a Terminator!" Robbie whispered excited. I tried not to break into hysterical laughter. Robbie and Lilly recently watched the repeat of the series and especially Robbie was obsessed with terminators- he saw them practically on every corner. I chuckled . "I don't think so, Honey, don't worry no Terminator will come here, ok?" "Ok, but I still think he is a Terminator…" he mumbled already half asleep. I brushed the hair from his forehead and retreated. "Good night, I love you both." I whispered and left. Now I could break down. Not loud of course. No screaming, no kicking, no cursing. But perhaps a quiet cry? I put so much energy into keeping it together for the twins before I could finally bath in my despair that I just felt utterly empty. No crying now- perhaps later- for now the roof had to do. The roof terrace was my refuge. During the day it was too hot to linger there, but in the night it was the coolest place in the house, and it was all mine since the kids normally would be in bed before the temperature there would drop tolerably . I had arranged pots with roses, summer jasmine and hibiscus plants around the terrace. The flavor they created was literally breathtaking. The terrace was rather small- beside the plants there was just enough space for a sun bed an armchair and an iron coffee table. Tonight we had a full moon which's light shined so bright I didn't need the lamp. Of course there would have been more space if the twins would have let me remove the shed . The thing offended me from the beginning. It took half of the place and limited the view. And possibly unstable. At first there were so many other things to do around the house I never found time for it. And when there finally had been time, the affair with the bat happened. One night the little leech just decided to die on my roof. It didn't though. We found it midday suffering from a broken wing and dehydration. It immediately cast it's evil spell on the twins and they begged me into keeping it. Robbie and Lilly solemnly escorted the bat to its new home- the shed. I hated the critter from the very start with a passion. And the feeling was mutual . It got hyper nervous whenever I came close. And it always flew into my hair. It was totally lovely with the twins though. They called it Wayne- after Bruce Wayne- Batman's Alias. I knew action movies weren't appropriate for five-year-olds, but that truly wasn't my fault. I read them children's books-showed them kids TV-if ever. And they could lose themselves in made-up plays, but they just weren't interested in fairytales and farm kids adventures- they wanted action- and super heroes. So rather then risking them doing it serety I allowed it- teeth kept analyzing the protagonists' split personalities like soon to be psychologists. So Wayne it was- and it didn't die, but its wing never healed properly and so Wayne slept in the shed at day and trashed clumsily in and out of it at night. It never occurred to me until now that my feelings of refusal towards Wayne could be rooted in the possibility that bats reminded me of vampires somehow. Well Wayne fussed around in the shed and had yet to emerge. I ignored him. I knelt down behind the sun bed and pulled back the loose brick in the wall. I hid my alcohol there. I had no preferences. Usually it would be whiskey- but today it was anis schnapps. I didn't hide it because of the kids- nor to not offend possible visitors. It was something I granted myself from time to time and I considered it strangely private. A secret between me and myself. I purred me a glass and laid back on the sun bed. I took a sip from my drink and another one. I tried to breathe even and deep. I had to think and to sort. Could I pretend that all of this didn't happen? Nothing would change by today's events- so couldn't I just forget- go on with my life? I pretended so much already could I pretend this? Now my fear to be followed by him- my anxiety not to let him see the place I had created for myself- seemed ridiculous. It wasn't like he had wanted to visit me; it had been clear from his face he'd never expected me to be there. He had been shocked probably embarrassed and reluctant. He probably was relieved that I fled, because courtesy would have required some small talk. Although it would have been less unsettling for the twins if I had managed the situation like a grown-up. But the sheer idea of it made me nauseated. Edward had made himself so very clear that he didn't love me- didn't want me. And I didn't want his pity. It would have been unbearable to answer his polite questions, perhaps admitting there wasn't someone in my life. No. Absolutely couldn't have done it. I had hoped that the pain would diminish. And I thought it had. The dreams still came but I not longer awoke screaming- it's just not something you can do when kids are involved. And they keep you occupied at day. But now after seeing him again the pain was oh so close to the surface and it hadnt lost any of its old force. No- I was safe now- safe from him- safe from my old self- I could pretend nothing happened tonight cause I was sure I'd never see him again. This is the last time you ever see me… I took another sip from the glass, closing my eyes listening to the sounds of the city: The muffled chatter of my neighbors, distant engine noise and the rattle of the sellers' carriages. "Hi…" I froze.