of what it it," I told her hesitantly. Noticing my hesitation, Bella came over to me and gave me a brief hug. "Jake, what's got you some upset? Is it news about Victoria?" she asked me quietly. "Well, it's more like news that involves Victoria," I replied tersely. "Just come out and tell me what it is. I can handle it," she assured me. I grabbed a hold of her hand, and led her over to the steps. I sat down, pulling her down next to me. "Sam and Jared have come across something while on patrol earlier. By something, I mean someone, several someones," I anxiously replied. Bella's eyes widened. "What do you mean by that? Who did they find?" she demanded. "It would appear that the vampire royalty have arrived in our little corner of the world," I told her sarcastically. Really, this is just like something from a comic book. "The Volturi are here?" she asked in a whisper, while gripping my arm tightly. I looked over at her in shock. How the hell did she know about them? Wait, the Cullen's. Those bastards are more trouble than they are worth. "Yes! I shouldn't be surprised that you know of them. Afterall, they must have been apart of the lovely education you received at the hands of those lousy Cullens." I shook my head, running my hands over my closely cropped hair. "Tell me everything, Jacob. I need to know," Bella begged. "From what I got fro Sam, one of the Volturi kings and several of their guards have arrived to deal with Victoria and her army. According to what the king said, Victoria has broken vampire law and must be punished," I finished. "Do you know which king it is?" Bella asked nervously. "Uh, yea, it's some guy named Marcus. Sam did say that this Marcus guy seemed to be pretty decent, you know, for a vampire. There's just one more thing. The Volturi are meeting up with the pack. They want to run over details about Victoria with us," I informed her quickly. Watching Bella closely, I could tell what she was thinking. She had that look again. "When are they meeting up, because I think I need to be there," she told me. I frowned, trying to keep my composure. Does she have a death wish? Shaking my head, I replied, "Oh, hell no! You are not going to that meeting. Are you trying to get yourself killed?" "Will you just listen to what I have to say, instead of trying to make my decisions for me. I know about vampires. It's against their law for a human to know of their existence. I can't hide forever. Don't you think they will find out about me? If they do, and they learn that the pack was hiding me, it could end up very ugly. I can't run from this," she told me sadly. I knew she was right. I hated it, but I knew. It ticks me off knowing that the Cullens are roaming around, while my best friends is being forced to pay for their screw up. It's not right! "I know, Bells. But that doesn't make it any easier to deal with. I'm worried about you. In fact, it's more like I'm scared shitless," I explained. "I know you are," she said while rubbing my arm to comfort me. "You're my best friend. I am thankful to have you as my bestie." "Are you positive that you want to go to the meeting? If so, we will need to head on over there now," I told her. Shaking her head yes, she replied, "Yea, though I would say it's more like I have to go," she clarified. OK, fine! Let's get a move on. We have to meet them on the border," I told her. "And how do you plan on getting there?" she asked me, trying to figure out what I had in mind. "I just thought you could ride on my back. You know, like you would a horse," I clarified for her, smiling at the look of astonishment on her face. "Um, yea, you do know that I have never ridden a horse before, don't you?" she asked me while attempting to hide her fear. I shook my head and told her, "How hard can it be? All you have to do is hop up on me and hold on for dear life." "Okay, fine. Whatever. Let's just get a move on. We're wasting time here," she commanded. "Give me a moment to switch over to my wolf form," I said, running behind a tree to make the change. When I finished, I loped over to her and knelt down on all fours, so that she could get up on my back. BPOV I hopped up on Jake's back, proud of myself for being able to did it in my first attempt. I got myself situated, holding on very tightly to the fur at the scruff of his neck. Luckily for me, the fur there seemed to be longer that the fur elsewhere on him. It almost seemed like it was designed to be that way, so a person could ride on his back. Jacob stood up, and with a deep grunt, sped off into the forest. He was fast. In fact, I think he's almost as fast as Edward is. We raced through the trees, and I was surprised to see a rather large group of vampires who were unmindful of their sparkling skin. They looked over at us when they heard us approach, and I gasped. Oh my God! A/N: Well, there you have it. The first chapter. I have had this written for quite a while, but I didn't want to post it until I was close to finishing Sunrise and Unexpected Love. I am posting this now to try to see how it is going to be received. Please let me know what you think.