each other in shock, our mouths hanging open. "Baby, I want you." He adds, as the sound of a zipper being pulled down reverberates around the room. "Ben-" Angela begs, no doubt trying to inform him of his fifty guests listening to him get it on with his wife. "B-" "Later babe, I need this!" He growls. "Should we say something?" I mouth to Rose. She snorts quietly, "Are you kidding? Watching shy little Ben get his freak on? This shit is priceless." She tries to peek out around the edge of the sofa to get a better look, but is pulled back by Em. "They're going at it in the foyer!" I hiss, my face probably an interesting shade of red. "Kiss me, babe?" Ben's whispered plea just about kills me. I've known this man for over three years, and I've never heard him curse once, and now here he is asking Ang to kiss his dick. In his foyer. With the front door still open. Who knew he had a kinky side? "WHOA!" Emmett yells, jumping up from behind the couch. "Get it Bro!" I glance at Ro quickly before we both jump up, along with the other guests yelling out a half-hearted 'surprise!' I swear Ben's blush gives my own a run for its money. He just stands there, pressing Ang up against the wall with his fly down staring at us with his mouth dropped open. "Watch it bro, you'll catch flies." Em teases, slapping his friend on the back. "You might want to zip the peen up, this is a family party." He motions to Ben and Ang's parents whispering amongst themselves by the bar. Angela chuckles forcefully, rubbing her forehead. "I tried to tell you." She smiles tightly, "Surprise?" He pulls her in for a hug while someone restarts the music and turns all the lights back on revealing the decorations and gifts stacked high in the corner. "I apologize." Ben announces, still flushed; whether from embarrassment or… arousal, I'm not certain. "Thank you everyone." He smiles for the first time of the night. "Thank you for this." Ben squeezes Rose and I, thanking us and apologizing profusely. "Don't worry about it, Benny. This is the most excitement I've had all week." Rose grins cheekily. "She doesn't get out much." Em comments. "Not with my little MMA star in there. Our little Gina Joy Carano." "Emmett, we are not naming our daughter after a fighter." "But-" "No, Emmett." She gives him the look. You know, the look that says 'agree or I'll chop your balls off with a paring knife.' Yep, Rose has perfected that look in the past eight months. Although, she did have to best teacher; me. Yep, I had quite the bitch-brow back in my day. A few hours and much mingling later found Rose and I at the bar; her with a virgin margarita and me with a… not so virgin one. "What about him?" I point to a scruffy looking guy dressed in a sweater dress and cargo shorts. Rose snorts. "He obviously lives with his mother." She rolls her eyes. "I'd say he's some kind of computer technician. Maybe he's one of those geeks for Best Buy." "I nix that." Letting out a burp, I motion for the bartender- yes, Ang hired a bartender- to get me another round of… whatever was in my glass before I drained it. Don't judge, I hardly ever let my hair down anymore. I'm twenty six years old and my idea of a fun night is curling up on the couch and cuddling with my boy. "He's gay definitely." We watch curiously as scruff-man in question is joined by a rather attractive, and much younger, red head. She makes herself at home on his lap and proceeds to shove her tongue down his throat. Huh. "That's unexpected." Rose comments, eyeing the chick wearily. "Gold digger?" "I'd say so." "Now that isn't nice." A smooth voice comments from behind us. Any normal person would spin around to put a face to the voice before reacting. But drunken Bella? She is no normal girl. Oh, no. She doesn't think before she acts. Instead, she shrieks and takes a swing behind her, hitting her verbal assailant smack on the forehead, "Fuck Bella." He groans, resting his head on my shoulder. "Every time." I laugh when his familiar penny-colored hair rubs against my cheek softly. "Well, Edward, you should know by now not to sneak up on me. How long have we known each other?" I tease, proud of the red spot forming on his too-perfect forehead. I mean really, this man's facial features would make Michelangelo cry. No one's jaw is that defined. Just… no. "Eleven years." Rose throws in, cocking an eyebrow at us. "You met freshman year." Edward lets out a long whistle, nodding his head. "Too long, Swan." I glare in response. Rose lets out an unsatisfied moan. "Don't look now." She whispers in my ear. "Three O'clock. Satan approaching. Look alive." I glance to my right, following her line of vision and watch a beautiful- albeit very fake- strawberry blonde make her way over to us. "Why is she staring at me? Do I know her?" It's true. She's glaring. Menacingly. I rack my brain trying to place her, but draw a blank as to where I know her from or what reason she has to look at me like I'm… well, scum. "Not yet." Rose sighs as Fake tittie chick throws her arm around Edward and smiles at him. Fake teeth too, nobody's chompers are that white and pearly. "Bella," Edward turns to me, distancing himself slightly from fake tits. Maybe her silicone is suffocating him? "Bella, this is my, uh, friend Tanya." Ouch . Rose rubs my back soothingly as I try to smile. "Tanya, this is my ex-wife Bella." I stick my hand out, "Pleasure to meet you." Thanks for reading! Drop me a line before ya go(: