his wonderful relationship with the Cullen's, Seth whole-heartedly agreed. None of us need any of that ever again. Damn straight. And with that, all thoughts of the upcoming dinner were wiped completely out of his mind. Oh, by the way, said Embry. Before I forget, the guys were planning on going to play some football at the beach tomorrow. You in? He didn't have anything better to do, and Embry knew it. Sure, sounds like fun. Ah, football. Maybe it would be the distraction that he had been searching for. Stratford Residence, Forks, Washington: The new house was two stories tall, but was still slightly small. Overgrown vines and moss crawled up the sides of the house and wrapped around the poles that kept up the weather-beaten porch. Weeds spread throughout the entire yard, and the house would be a pure and shining white if it weren't completely covered in a thin layer of dirt. "You're kidding me," I stated bluntly, watching as my brother pulled our luggage out of the trunk of the rental car. " This is where we're living?" "Come on," Eli urged, waving a hand at the house proudly. "It's nice. Vintage, like the plantation houses back home." I raised an eyebrow. "Just not as large," he continued, "and a little less... clean. Hey, at least it has character, right? Doesn't that count for anything?" "No. And how the hell are you going to get it clean?" I inquired, leaning against the side of the car and staring judgmentally up at the house. "I thought you were going to be busy with work?" "Not twenty-four hours a day," he said. "I'll have time to do stuff. Won't take long to pressure-wash the walls of the house, and Charlotte can help with dusting and mopping and things like that." "And me?" "You're going to help your sister unpack her stuff. Nothing strenuous." I scoffed. "I'm serious, Annie," he warned, his tone urgent and stern. "You can't overexert yourself, okay? Especially not once you start your treatment." I frowned as he picked up the bags and made his way up to the porch with Charlotte trailing hot on his heels. "You can't overexert yourself, Annie," I mocked, imitating his voice, "Not once you start your treatment, Annie. We're going to have to treat you like a damn invalid for the rest of your freaking life , Annie." Sniffing in distaste, I eyed the house once more. Despite my issues with it – mostly the fact that it wasn't the one we had lived in for years in Louisiana – I had to admit that it was kind of quaint. Plus, it helped that the inside made up for the outside. "Nice, isn't it?" Eli asked smugly, handing her one of her suitcases. "There are two rooms upstairs, plus a bathroom connecting them. I'm assuming that you and Charlotte will take those. Think you'll be okay with the stairs?" "I can handle a few stairs," I commented, hoisting the bag over my bony shoulders. "Well then," he gestured toward the small staircase. "I want the bigger one!" Charlotte yelled, rushing up the stairs. Much to Charlotte's disappointment, both of the rooms were about the same size. I trudged up the stairs slowly and settled into the unoccupied room. A large white metal bedframe holding a clean mattress was placed on one side, while a large white dresser was pushed against the opposite wall next to a small closet. "This is it, Annie," I mumbled to myself, tossing my bag on top of the mattress. "This is your life now." "Hey," Eli leaned into the room, knocking on the wall to alert me to his presence, "I was thinking about ordering some pizza for supper. You want cheese or pepperoni?" "Cheese," I answered. "Gotcha," he stated, pulling his phone from his pocket. "So, nice room, isn't it?" It really was. The room was both simple, yet elegant, and I felt myself slowly falling in love with it. "It's nice," I shrugged, not wanting to give my brother any satisfaction. He smiled mischievously. "You love it." "It's nice," I repeated, unzipping the suitcase. I pulled out my various possessions and slowly started to put everything away into the drawers and closet, hoping that he would take a hint and just leave me to be by myself. "I know that we didn't come here in the best of circumstances," Eli started, drumming his fingers against his leg nervously. "But I really want to try to make this work for the three of us." "I understand," I told him sincerely. "And I'm really grateful for everything that you've done for us. I know Char is, too. You're a good big brother." He smiled, happy and looking grateful at my words. "That means a lot, Annie. Thank you." "Anytime." "And since we did all of this so suddenly and I have to go to work on Monday, why don't we go to the beach tomorrow?" he asked. My mouth dropped open in awe, but my eyes narrowed in suspicion. "You're going to let us go to the beach? What's the catch?" He nodded, smirking. "No catch. It might be a little too cold to swim, but we can go sit in the sand. And I'm sure Charlotte would like to look for some seashells or something. It'll be fun." "Sounds good to me." He was gone a few seconds later and I listened as he trailed down the steps, his voice telling me that he was ordering the pizzas. I sat on the bed slowly, taking in my new surroundings. "Time for a fresh start, Annie," I murmured to myself. A fresh start… It sounded almost… nice. Ten points to anyone who catches the Agents of Shield reference in this chapter. Note: The 'Quarter' that is mentioned in this chapter is a reference to The French Quarter in New Orleans. Once again, this chapter was edited on October 31st, 2014 for errors and updates.