you two stop messing around?" I called out exasperatedly as Isaac ran into the room and glared down at Luke. "Especially when we have a guest, " I nodded pointedly at Emily. Isaac frowned and grumbled something under his breath. I ignored him and turned to Emily. "My brother, Aiden," I gestured to the moody teenager, "and my son, Thomas." The younger boy was peeking out from behind my knees, looking warily at Isaac before he turned his curious gaze to Emily. He clutched at his stuffed bunny with one hand, a long blue towel tied around his neck like a cape. "Boys, this is Emily Uley – our new neighbor." Emily's smile faltered for half of a second as she looked down at Luke, and I could tell exactly what she was thinking – it was as though I could physically see the cogs turning in her head, trying to add up ages and coming up with a number that was much too young for anyone to have a kid so old. But the look was gone almost as fast as it had appeared and her eyes twinkled with laughter. "It's nice to meet all of you. I like your bunny," she said to Luke, giving him a grin. He immediately perked up at the sudden mention of his favorite toy. "His name is Mr. Hoppy!" "Well it's very nice to meet both you and Mr. Hoppy," she said, leaning down a tiny bit to shake the bunny's paw as though it were a human, much to Luke's delight. "What was the crash I heard?" I asked Isaac. He rolled his eyes. " Thomas, " he stated, arms crossed over his chest as he glared down at the younger boy, "knocked over a lamp when he tried to jump on my back when I was fiddling with the cable wires." I rolled my eyes. "Go get the broom and dustpan out of the kitchen and bring it in the living room for me, and you , young man," I commanded as I gave Luke a stern pat on the back, "go play in your room for right now." "Whatever," replied Isaac, pushing off from the doorframe and out of the room. Luke, on the other hand, did what I ordered without complaint. When they had both disappeared, I turned back to Emily. "I'm sorry about that. Aiden is at that age where he has to be grumpy about everything and Thomas is – well, he's just a complete mess." Emily merely laughed, placing a protective hand over bulging stomach. "It's completely alright. I have a hoard of my husband's coworkers going in and out of my house every day and honestly, they act like children most of the time; I'm completely used to it." I didn't really know how to respond so I merely forced out a smile and shifted the basket in my grip, watching as she curiously glanced around. "I'm sorry," she suddenly stated, sounding sheepish. "I'm sure you're probably busy getting settled. I just wanted to welcome you to town and give you the muffins and pasta. Oh, and," she determinedly dug a folded sheet of paper out of her pocket and handed it over. "My cell number. If you need anything, please don't hesitate to call." I frowned, trying my best to hide how uncomfortable I was. "Thank you," I told her, knowing that it was a generic reply but hoping it would do the trick all the same. "You didn't have to do this; it really wasn't necessary." She waved a careless hand. "It isn't a problem in the slightest. It wouldn't be a burden – I'm always happy to help in any way I can." Then Emily cleared her throat and rested her hands on her hips, as though she had just completely a particularly taxing task; with a subtle glance at Emily's huge belly, I concluded that she had every right to be exhausted. "I should get back before my husband sends out a search party – he's gotten horribly protective ever since we found out I was pregnant. Men," she shrugged, "what can you do?" I forced myself to laugh when she did, but it didn't sound as convincing as I wished. "It was very nice meeting you, Katherine," she said, sounding so sincere that I was actually taken aback. "I hope to see you again soon; have a wonderful day!" Then she was gone, heading down the driveway to her car and giving a small wave when she climbed into the old vehicle, and I was stuck standing in my doorway in confusion and shock with a piece of paper burning a hole in my hand. "I fixed the cable so the TV is working now," Isaac's voice came from somewhere behind me. "Audrey?" I finally shook myself out of my reverie and my gaze turned away from the scribbled numbers on the slip of paper. "Katherine, Aiden. My name is Katherine. Even around the house you need to get used to using it so we don't accidentally have any slip-ups in public." "The point is that I fixed the cable," he said impatiently, taking the basket out of my hands and digging out one of the muffins. "So if you don't mind, I'm going to take one of these and go sleep for the rest of the day because I'm exhausted." "Well get some rest because we have a big day tomorrow." And so it was, the end of the first day of what was probably the rest of our lives. With an ache in my heart but a heavy determination stewing deep within my chest, I let the front door fall shut behind me, effectively locking me into our new life. Start us off on a good note and leave a review to let me know what you think! Also, the issue with the names has been corrected - thanks to reader-chic-2 for pointing it out to me!