"This is my mother Esme. She won't hurt you." She again relaxed only a little, but more than she did around Emmett and Carlisle. "We want to clean you," I said as Esme turned on the water to the bath and tested the temperature. "It experiment," she stated, her eyes going dull, but I could tell she was scared. "No," I said. "You will not be experiments on here. No one will hurt you anymore. A bath is how we get clean." Her large eyes looked as if she wanted to trust me, but she wasn't sure if she wanted to believe all that I said. I hoped Arian would trust and believe me eventually. At that moment, Alice came in, and Arian hid her face in my clothes again. "Would you want to meet my sister?" I asked. "She has some pretty dresses for you." "Dresses?" Arian asked. "It's something that women and girls wear. Esme is wearing one," I said. "Oh," Arian said, her eyes looked at Esme. "I get dress?" "Yes," Alice said, stepping forward and holding one up. "A nice, pretty one." "Okay," Arian whispered into my chest while sneaking peeks. "Are you ready to get into the water?" I asked. Arian nodded as I knelt next to the tub and set her in. She looked at me, unsure of what to do. Esme handed me a large cup we used to bath Ness and the twins when they were younger. I filled the cup up and slowly poured it over Arian's body before I moved to her hair. To my surprise, she didn't shriek, cry, or play like most children would. She just sat there listlessly as we cleaned her. "Do you like your bath?" Esme asked sweetly. Arian looked at me, and I nodded my head a at her and smiled. "I like it," she whispered to my shyly to Esme. "Good," Esme said, smiling at Arian. "I like warm water," Arian said. As I washed her, fury flew through me. The bath water quickly became dark. I could feel and see bones sticking out of her. Some of the dirt that was washed off revealed even more bruising. Even light touches of the wash cloth would cause her to wince. After we finished, I dried and put Arian's dress on. "Would you like something to eat?" Esme asked Arian. "Food?" Her eyes lit up, showing us how hungry she was. "Yes," Esme said. "I'll make you sandwich." "I never has sandwich," Arian said. We walked into the kitchen where Jasper and Edward were sitting. The moment Arian saw the two men, she put her face into my chest, clung to my shirt, and refused to look away. With the women in the room, Arian seemed to relax. With the men, however, she seemed unable to. "Shh," I soothed. "They will not hurt you." "She's afraid of men," Edward said, who sat at the large counter that doubled as a bar area. His jaw clenched as he fell silent for a moment. "She remembers many male vampires hurting her. She was injected with something, and they … they hit her." I ground my teeth together as I listened to Edward. Closing my eyes, I cuddled with Arian, glad that she was safe now. Opening my eyes, I looked at Arian. She was hiding in my chest again while clutching my shirt tightly. "Arian," I said gently. "Look at me." Arian shook her head violently. I put my fingers under her chin and brought her eyes up to mine. "They are not like the men you met," I told her. "They will not hurt you." "They different?" she asked. "Yes," I said softly. "But you stay?" "I will." I saw her relax, and I looked at Jasper, who I was sure, making her feel more comfortable. "Where are Carlisle and Emmett?" I asked. "Trying to find the boy," Edward answered. I nodded as I sat at the bar stool. Arian rested her cheek against my chest and took peeks at the others around the room. Sometimes she would hide her face when Edward or Jasper would move. Esme quickly put a peanut butter and jelly sandwich in front of us, along with a glass of milk. I lifted the sandwich and tore off a piece. I knew I had to give her small pieces so she wouldn't eat too quickly and choke. "Do you like your sandwich, sweetie?" Esme asked, and Arian nodded. After Arian finished her sandwich and drank two glasses of milk, she rested her little head against my chest again while watching the family with big eyes. I wondered what she was thinking. My arms tightened around her when one of the others would scare her with a sudden movement or sound. Jasper slowly moved to sit down next to me. She watched him with wide eyes, and I knew he must have been sending her calming waves. "Thank you, Jasper," I said. "You're welcome," he said. "She feels attached to you already, just like Nessie feels for Bella." I always wanted children, always. I constantly resented the fact that I couldn't. My heart often broke whenever I saw women with their children. I became jealous that their bodies could give them the one thing I wanted most. Things got better when Nessie and the twins came along. I knew it wasn't the same, but I could show my motherly affection toward a child in a roundabout way, as well as have a hand in raising them. Could Arian be my second chance, though? Could she see me as a mother figure? A part of me hoped, but another part of me felt too scared to allow myself to do so. I didn't think I could face the disappointment if that didn't work out for me. I kissed the little girl's head as these thoughts passed through my mind. Maybe, just maybe, I could hope as she curled into me. Please review!