me with pain in her eyes. "Yes, of course," I say, "but let me make sure she's stable. I worked on her earlier this morning. She had some internal bleeding." "Will, she be … okay?" Angela asked. "She should be, but there were some complications which will cause some problems later down the road." She nodded looking down at her hands again. My fingers twitch to reach out to her, take her hand in mine, to comfort her. "I'll be right back," I said. "I'll make sure you'll see her." "Thank you," she whispered as I left. It sounded so numb, that I wanted to turn and take her in my arms. Soon, I knew she's go from numb to heart-wrenching brokenness. I've seen it so many times. I quickly walked down the hall, but it was too slow for my taste. I wanted to run down to the little girl's room and back to Angela's side. Stepping into the pediatric intensive unit, I picked up Sarah's paper work, which was thick with well documented notes. Since I worked on her, she's been given many medications to keep her stable. I stepped inside, where Lucy was changing her IV liquids. "How is she?" I asked. "Stable," Lucy replied without taking her eyes off of me. "I think she'll make it, but you and I both she has a long recovery in front of her." "Is she well enough for a visitor?" I asked. "Yes, but I thought she didn't have anyone after …." "It's Angela," I explained. "She's her niece." "Poor girls," Lucy whispered and sighed. "Very much so," I said quietly. "I'll bring Angela right over." I stepped out of the room, grabbed a wheel chair, and made my way back to Angela's room to find her still sitting up in bed, but this time her eyes were red. The sight made my heart ache for her, and once again, I wanted to take her into my arms and tell her I wouldn't let anything like this ever happen like this again. "You'll be able to see your niece now," I said quietly. "Thank you," she whispered. "May I?" I said stepping up to her and holding out my arms. She nodded, and I gently lifted my arms. A rush of unexplained affection rushed through me. "Let me know if I'm hurting you," I whispered. "I will," she whispered, looking at me, searching my face. I gently lowered her to the wheelchair. When she left my arms, a loneliness settled into my chest. I ignored it as I attached her IV to the wheelchair. Walking slowly, I pushed her to where her niece rested. "Can you tell me what happened to Sarah?" Angela whispered. "She had some internal bleeding," I explained. "We had to go in to stop it. We got the bleeding to stop, but during surgery her heart stopped briefly. We don't know they kind of damage this did, but there will be some kind of brain damage." She was silent as I pushed her into Sarah's room. Sarah lay perfectly still, with many tubes coming from her body. "Oh," Angela said. "Oh, you precious, little girl." I stopped the chair by the bed, and Angela reached her hand out to her niece. "It's okay. Touch will be good for her," I explained. Angela took the little hand and she leaned her bandaged head forward to kiss the hand. "I'm so sorry, my little bug." Her shoulders started to shake as she rested her forehead on Sarah's hand, making my teeth grind together. Her sob where literally tearing through me as if someone was stabbing my insides. Lucy crouched down beside Angela, something that I badly wanted to do myself, but I couldn't be unprofessional or scare her. Lucy talked to Angela quietly, which helped calm the young woman down. After a few moments, Angela sat up with red eyes, making me shutter internally. "Will you take me back to my room?" she whispered. "Of course," I said, stepping forward. "Thank you," Angela said to Lucy. "No problem, sugar." Lucy smiled at Angela. I pushed the wheelchair down the hallway, both of us quiet. I stopped us beside her bed. "Do you have a place to go to and someone to watch you?" I asked, kneeling down in front of her. "No …" she said with tears in her eyes. "My family is now …" "Is there someone who could pick you up and watch over you?" "I don't have anyone." She swallowed hard. "I just moved here after graduating." "Would you object one of my daughters helping you?" I asked quietly. Angela shook her head. "Good. It's important that you aren't alone with your concussion." She nodded and yawn. "May I lay down for a little while?" "Of course." I lifted her up and place her into the bed again as Angela's eyes drooped. "Sleep," I said touching her hair. "I'll be back." She fell asleep as I stepped away from her. After watching her for a moment, I turned and left the small room. I froze as I heard Alice's voice at the front desk. "Yes, hello," she said. "I'm here to bring my dad his lunch. He forgot it." "Alice?" I said before anyone else could say anything. "Hi, Dad," she said cheerfully as she held up a lunch bag. "You forgot this." "May I talk to you for a moment?" I asked. "Sure." She smiled widely. I led her into my office after turning on my pager just in case one of my patients (or more importantly, Angela) needed me. We walked up to my office, and I could tell Alice was brimming with excitement over something. "Oh my gosh, Carlisle," Alice brimmed. "I don't know why I didn't see it earlier, but this is perfect. I see things going quickly, and …" "Whoa, Alice slow down," I said. "What are you talking about?" "Angela's your mate," Alice said smiley. Reviews are lovely.