"Like you're in a funk?" I asked and she nodded. "I was that way too." "How'd you come out of it?" Tiana wiped her mouth with a napkin. "My parents," I said honestly. "They seem like wonderful people," Tiana commented. "So wonderful." I smiled. "They have so much love." "I've made the right choice in coming here." Tiana smiled. "We aren't ready to be parents." "So, you and Billy?" I asked. "Yes, Billy and I." She got a goofy grin on her face. "You love him?" "More than anything. He, somehow, is so pure after everything we've been through." She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. "He made me see everything we were taught was wrong." "I'm so glad that you see that." I smiled. "We were definitely wrong." "We started drinking animal blood just before I got pregnant, so the baby will know nothing of human blood," Tiana said as her voice became chocked up. "I just hope it's enough to redeem myself, after all of the lives …" Tears spilled over her and she covered her mouth. I picked up the two plates and moved them to the end table beside the bed. I sat beside my sister and wrapped my arms around her as she cried. "I'm so sorry, Brianna," Tiana said as she held onto me. "I never meant to hurt people. I'm so sorry." "Oh, honey." I kissed her hair. "We were manipulated. It was those two men who ran our lives and told us lies about ourselves." "That's what Billy said, but I can't help but think if I did something different." Tiana sat up and I handed her a tissue. "I thought the same," I admitted. "But Mom and Dad helped me see that there isn't any sense in thinking that. We are living a life that is so different from how we were raised. We aren't killing people, and we are building a life outside of that. We're getting touch of our human side." Tiana laughed. "I suppose you're right." "And you're here to give the baby a better life." I touched her cheek. "That's the best thing you could give him or her." "Oh, I hope so." She touched her tummy. "I hope so." "Now finish your pie before Mom comes up here and has a fit." I handed her pie again. She laughed as she accepted the plate. We talked for fifteen minutes before I excused myself for the night when Tiana continued to yawn nonstop. Walking downstairs, I smiled to myself. "Hey, honey." I looked up to see Daddy standing at the end of the stairs. "Hi, Daddy." I stood on the stair above him and gave him a big hug and a kiss on the cheek. "Are you okay?" he whispered. "Yes. A little surprised, but I'm glad that she's changed." I put my hand in his. "I'm proud of her." "I'm proud of you too." Daddy gave my hand a squeeze. "More than you know, darling." I hugged Dad again as tears filled my eyes. The next morning I woke up early, and walked downstairs to the large kitchen counter, where Mom was cooking and Tiana sat drinking a large cup of milk. "And I'm making you eggs, which is good for you and the baby," Mom said, cracking some eggs into a large bowl. Tiana gave Mom a week smile in return. "Mom, are you overwhelming her?" I asked as I stepped up Mom as she took out a whisk for the eggs. "We're just getting breakfast ready for her and that baby," Mom replied as she whipped up the eggs. "There's some for you too." "I don't mind," Tiana replied. "I may as well eat because I don't feel like hunting at my size." "See everything works out anyway." Mom smiled at me. I giggled as I accepted a kiss on the cheek from Mom before I went to get some orange juice. "Carlisle had to go to work today," Mom said. "But Rosalie and Emmett should be over soon." "Who's taking Arian?" I asked. "Jasper and Alice are going to take her to the bookstore this morning," Mom explained as turned the eggs over in the pan. "Oh, right." I poured Tiana and me a glass of orange juice. Mom served us breakfast and we talked quietly with Mom. When we finished, we put the dishes into the dishwasher. "Esme?" Rosalie called out as the front door opened. "In the kitchen," Esme replied. Tiana sighed as she sat on the chair, holding her belly. "You okay?" Esme asked. "Yes, just get tired after standing for too long," Tiana explained. Rosalie and Emmett entered the kitchen as they held hands. "So this is your sister?" Rosalie asked quietly. "Yes, this is Tiana. Tiana, this is Emmett and Rosalie," I said. "My bother and sister as well as Arian's parents." "Nice to meet you," Emmett said as Rosalie nodded toward her. "I was hoping to talk with you about the baby." Tiana put her hand on her belly. "Do you want to give you some privacy?" Mom asked. "No, I don't mind you being here." Tiana held her hand out from me. "And I'd like the support of my sister here." I took Tiana's hand and gave it a squeeze. "Billy wanted me to thank you for taking Arian in and giving his sister the home that he wished he could've," Tiana said, her eyes filled with tears. "Tell him thank you," Rosalie said as Emmett wrapped a thick arm around her. "We've wanted children for years, and Arian's been our chance we didn't think we had." "That's why I've come here." Tiana took a deep breath as tears fell down her cheeks. "If you're willing, I'd like you to adopt this baby. They need good, loving parents like you." "Oh, we'd be honored." Rosalie stepped out of Emmett's arms and gave Tiana a long hug. Part two will be up soon. Please review!