and stood. I wobbled as I walked around in them. "Okay, let's try the next pair," Aunt Alice said when I sat in the chair. I angrily pulled the shoes off and pulled on the second pair; a glittery peep toe. Again, I wobbled around in the heels. "Aunt Alice, these are hurting my feet," I whined. "I don't know why. You've always worn heels before," she chirped. "Let's try these on." I shot her a look; stupid pixie. Daddy coughed. I put on the third heals-gun metal gray sandal pumps- and walked (more like stomped) around the room. My ankle twisted and I caught myself before I fell. "I'm not getting these stupid heels, Aunt Alice!" I pulled off the shoes, grabbed my purse and shoes, and stormed out of the store. I was so angry I didn't stop to apologize. I went out to Daddy's car, leaning against the passenger's side door when I got there. "Renesmee?" Daddy's voice called out; it was laced with concern. I turned away as I brushed away my tears of anger and frustration. "Oh, honey." Daddy touched my shoulder, and I turned to hug him. "Please don't make me get those horrid shoes," I whispered. "We won't, sweetie." He hugged me close to him and kissed my head. "Do you think I'm being silly?" I asked and pulled away. "No," Daddy said. "You're hurting, and your aunt isn't listening to you. It's your day, not her's." I nodded looking down. "Daddy, will you take me home." "Are you sure?" He looked at me in concern as he touched my elbow. "Yeah." I sighed. "I don't feel like shopping anymore, and I'm tired." "All right. I'll take you home." Daddy unlocked and opened the door for me. I smiled at him as I put my seat belt on. He got into the car, started it, and drove off. I felt grateful for his fast driving as we quickly went home. My eyes drooped as the trees blurred passed us. Instinctively, I reached for Daddy's hand. I'd missed him terribly. His fingers intertwined with mine. I've missed you, Daddy, I thought as I fell asleep. "Renesmee, we're home, darling," Daddy whispered into my ear. "Hmmm," I said, opening my eyes slowly. "Wake up, honey," Daddy said. I sighed as he got out of the car and opened my door. "Was Mom this tired when she was pregnant?" I asked. "I would say more so," Daddy said, holding onto my elbow. "She was very sick." His eyes went dark, and he looked down. "Jacob said it's hard for you to remember that," I whispered. "Very hard, and if you had to go through that too, I don't think I could bear it." He took his hands in mine and looked in my eyes. "Daddy, I'm fine," I whispered. "I'm sorry. I know I over think things and worry about you and your mom too much, but you two don't know how much you mean to me." He stopped talking and swallowed. "I thought I lost your mom once, and it nearly killed me. Seeing her so sick when she was pregnant was hard enough, so I can't imagine seeing my baby girl in that much pain." "Daddy, I'm okay. I'm not hurting or sick. She isn't hurting me," I said, touching my belly. "I know, honey." He hugged me. "I'm sorry for pulling away; it hurt you." When we announced our pregnancy, Daddy had pulled away. He was always overthinking that I'd get hurt or become sick or he'd lose me. I wasn't able to share the ultrasounds or wedding plans with him. "I forgive you, Daddy." I squeezed him tight when I wrapped my arms around his waist. I sighed as I rested my head on his chest. His cold seeped through his shirt, despite the fact that it was thick. It was soothing. Daddy kissed my head and pulled away. "Come on, let's get you inside." He smiled at me. "I don't want anything to happen to you or my granddaughter." I laughed and grabbed his hand. "Thank you, Daddy." "You're welcome, sweetie." He led me by the hand as we went inside. "Will you stay?" I asked. "Yes." He paused. "Would you like a snack?" "Yes, Daddy. I'm going to put my feet up." "Go, I'll meet you there." He kissed my head again. I went into the large living room. Grabbing the remote, I turned on the TV, sat on the large, plush, couch, and put my feet up on the ottoman. Sighing, I slumped down, feeling exhausted. "If you're so tired, honey, I can leave and let you nap," Daddy called from the kitchen. "No, stay please." I've missed you so much, Daddy, I thought. "Oh, sweetheart," Dad came into the living room holding a large cup and bowl. "I've missed you too. I'm sorry, again, for pulling away." "I forgive you, Daddy." I smiled at him and patted the seat next to me. "Come join me?" "Of course." He held out the cup and bowl; orange juice and cut up banana and goldfish crackers. "How'd you know?" I asked, surprised. "Jacob was thinking about it earlier." He sat down next to me and I leaned my head on his shoulder. "House hunters again?" he asked. "Of course." I popped a piece of banana into my mouth. "I miss watching these with Grandma." "I'll have to let her know." Daddy rested his head on mine. "I'm sure she'd want to watch them with you." "I'd like that." I ate my snack as we watched the television show. By the time the show was over, I was bawling my eyes out. "It's nice that they were able to start a bed and breakfast," I said, brushing my tears away. I could feel Daddy's shoulders shaking. "Are you laughing at me?" I asked. "No?" He gave me a big smile. "I love you, baby girl." "I love you too, Daddy." Please review!