said, smiling at me before closing the door. I leaned against the wall, waiting until she was done. It took several moments but being away from her for that long left me feeling lonely. Leah's point of view: I leaned against the counter for support as I washed, or tried to wash, my hands with one arm in a sling. I looked up and ran my fingers through my hair, trying to make myself look better. I glanced over at the large tub, a smile spreading across my face as an idea came to mind. I opened the door to find Felix leaning against the wall with a look on his face that made me want to reach out to him. "Hey, what's wrong?" "I don't like it when you are away from me," he said honestly. I felt surprised by his answer. We had only known each other for a short time, and yet we were already so deeply connected to each other. I knew that is how I felt for him but for him to feel the same already surprised me. "Help me to bed," I said, "and then we'll talk." I sat across his lap with my legs curled under me while he leaned against the headboard. His long, thick arms wound their way around me. "Did they explain the imprint to you?" I asked. "No," he said quietly, "but I heard enough conversations about it to have an idea of what it means for us." "It's a wolf thing," I said, reaching up my hand I traced his cheek with my fingers. "When we find our mates, we feel such an intense feeling and connection. It makes us better fighters and protectors. You are my everything." "Even though I am the one that you are supposed to be fighting against?" "It wouldn't have happened if it wasn't meant to be," I said, placing my palm against my cheek. He was silent for a few moments while his eyes searched mine. "I've never had anyone care about me," Felix confessed. "This is all new to me." "You weren't close to anyone … before with the Volturi?" "No," he said, looking away as if ashamed. "We had each other for selfish reasons, for power or lust usually." He stopped and swallowed. "I'm sure you don't want to hear the rest." "I do, Felix. I need to know. I want to know everything about you." He took in a deep breath and let it out. "I was 30 when the Volturi turned me, that's all I really know from my human life," he started in a flat voice. "They knew I'd be useful because of my size. My first hundred years …" I ran my hands up and down his arms to comfort him. "My first hundred years, I loved my job. I had so much power. I had plenty of blood, and all of the women I wanted." He gave me a sad smile while caressing my cheek as my heart clenched. I assumed that his past would be like this, but it was still hard to hear. "The last hundred years I began to see how much power Aro had over me, over us. He always told us where to go, who to go after. I got tired of being his errand boy. I wanted to leave so badly, be my own man. I could not think of a way out, at least until now." We were silent as I absorbed his past. Closing my eyes, I laid my head against his chest. It should've bothered me more, but I couldn't help but not care. He wasn't what I thought he'd be. He had his mistakes, but the desire to continue them weren't there. I opened my eyes to see him watching me with worry written over his face. His eyes looked down in shame. Pressing both of my hands against his cheeks, I forced him to look at me. "That is your past," I said. "I'm not worried about that. You are here now with me. I know you can be … are a good man. You've shown me so far by how you've taken care of me and by leaving the Volturi." "Thank you, Leah." He touched his forehead to mine, and I was quickly lost in his scent and the feel of his cold skin against mine. Usually the feeling of vampire skin would have left me screaming for the hills, but this was different. I shuddered in pleasure, no man had ever affected me the way that this man did. "Am I hurting you?" he asked, pulling away from me. "No," I said, my voice sounding lower than it usually did. "The cold feels good against my shoulder." "Oh," he said, running his hand up and down my shoulder. "Thank you," I whispered. "You're welcome," he said in a deeper voice. Our eyes locked as has his hand continued to rub my aching muscles. Slowly, our faces moved towards each other's. I held my breath as his lips met mine. I grasped as a million jolts ran through me. I couldn't even describe how incredible it felt to be kissed by him. Our lips danced together slowly as he pulled me closer to him. I wound my hand through his hair to pull him closer as I felt his tongue run across the seam of my mouth. Out tongues caressed each other as our kisses deepened. I felt an ache develop from his kisses and touches, and I would be left needing more soon. We broke away, me breathing hard. He gave me a few more light kisses before pulling me close. I cuddled into his chest, feeling content for the first time in ages. "Now what?" he asked after twenty minutes of silence. "Will you help me take a bath?" I asked looking at him. I laughed as he scooped me up and ran us to the bathroom. Reviews are much loved!