on mine, caressing, licking, nipping. My hands were in his hair, tugging, holding him close. " I'd never tell anybody your secrets," he breathed, his lips moving against mine as he whispered. His arms moved to wrap around my waist while mine curled tightly around his neck. " Promise you won't let go." I pleaded. He kissed the tears from my cheeks before resting his forehead against mine own. "I promise, never again." Screaming startled us out of our little bubble. " Yes dude!" " Finally!" " Awwww!" " Yes, yes, yes!" Apparently Emmett and Jasper had come to see what the hold up was and neither of them nor the girls seemed the least bit sorry the wedding wouldn't be going ahead. Charlie appeared behind the guys where they stood in the doorway. " Took your time." He said to Edward, arching an eyebrow. Edward's arms tightened around me, "Sorry, Chief." Charlie simply grinned at him, a smile he had never offered Mike. "Better late than never." Edward and I'd had a lot to work through. A lot of things had needed to be aired out and put out in the open. And it had taken a long time and a lot of tears. The things that we went through, the things that had been said and done to one another, it would never be forgotten, neither of us could forget because a very wise and wonderful woman once told me that even the bad things make us who we are. But we have forgiven. Old issues and injuries had been laid to rest we even grieved for the baby we had never met. And now here we were a year later in Esme and Carlisle old house in Forks, getting married, as we should have done all those years ago. *LHG* EPOV "So Mrs Cullen, are you enjoying the party?" Bella beamed, her eyes shone and crinkled around the edges, as she had done so too many times today to count. It was like she couldn't contain her joy. She was happy. "I am thoroughly enjoying the party, how about you, Mr Cullen?" I held her close to me as we swayed on the dance floor under the stars in my parents back garden, our closest friends and family dancing around us, some eating, some taking pictures, but I only had eyes for my wife, my beautiful bride. Fuck she had never looked more gorgeous. I pressed a kiss to her lips, just because I could and I felt like it. "The party is just fine," I said when I finally, reluctantly pulled away. "But?" She asked, gazing up at me while her fingers played with the hair at the nape of my neck. "But I just can't wait to whisk you away for our honeymoon." Bella smiled, her eyes darkening with lust. I lowered my forehead to rest against hers and pulled her impossibly closer to me. "We're away for two whole weeks and I can promise you, Mrs Cullen, for at least the first week we won't step a foot outside the hotel room." "Mmm, sounds good to me." Bella hummed in appreciation then gasped when she felt just exactly how excited I was for our honeymoon. I smiled sheepishly and leaned down to capture her lips with mine, again. I couldn't keep my mouth off her. Fuck I couldn't wait to have my mouth somewhere else. "Shit," I groaned softly against her lips, "baby, you're gonna have to stay close to me for a bit." Bella giggled, clearly enjoying herself at my expense, little minx. "I have no problem with that whatsoever." "Dammit," I hissed when she pressed her hips tighter against my own, "Bella, come with me." "Edward," she gasped mockingly, "in front of all these people?" "You're hilarious, baby." "That's why you love me." "I do love you," I told her, sincerely, "so much. But we really gotta get inside, you need to change so we can head to the airport." "Now?" She asked. I nodded, "Mmhmm, there's a quick stop I want to make first." "Okay." She stood on her tiptoes running her nose along mine before pressing our lips together in a sensual kiss. "And I love you, too." We stumbled inside together and rushed upstairs before anyone spotted us. There were a few number of people who'd had their fair share of alcohol so it wasn't too difficult. Bella quickly changed into a sexy little blue dress that made me groan and have to adjust myself in my pants – this only made her laugh. I grabbed our suitcases and she followed me to the car. We were gone before anyone even noticed we were no longer on the dance floor. "So where are we going?" Bella asked, reaching for my hand across the gear stick. "You'll see," I grinned. Twenty minutes I pulled into a drive-through. "What are we doing here?" Bella wondered. "Thought we'd get a quick snack before our flight." Bella smiled and shrugged easily, "Okay." I couldn't help the smile that spread across my face as I watched Bella devour her Taco Bell. " Wanna know a secret?" " Always." " I only ever had one thing in common with Mike and it's pathetic. Neither of us like Taco Bell." "What?" Bella asked, mouth full, as I sat there grinning at her like a fool. I kissed her full on the mouth, Taco Bell and all. "Nothing." I said, running my thumb over my own mood ring, hung on a chain around my neck. "I just fucking love you." No one knows my wife like I do, not even she. And no one ever would. Because I wasn't letting her go. We were in this shit together now. Till death do us part. End So as I said this was just an idea I had and it actually turned out completely different to what I expected, but hey, I liked it :) Did you? Review please.