me completely. I gasped when he hit that spot inside me that made my toes curl. He grinned, swivelling his hips, grinding against both my clit and g-spot, before pulling back out and jabbing quick, shallow strokes. He seemed to have recovered from his desperate need now that he was inside me and was once again teasing me. But I'd had enough of the teasing. I pushed his shoulders until he fell to the floor on his back, keeping hold of my hips and bringing me with him so I straddled him. I placed my hands either side of his head and started to rock, taking my pleasure, how I needed. Yet it was his moans and groans that spurred me on. The sounds he made, his grunts of pleasure, that look on his face, the one that could have been mistaken for pain had I not known just how good he was feeling. His heavy lidded eyes gazed up at me, moving between my face and my boobs as they rocked in front of his face. His lips were parted as he panted ragged breaths, his jaw snapping shut and hissing through his teeth whenever anything spiked his arousal and pleasure. His hands, gripping tightly at my hips, encouraged my movements, helping me, giving me leverage and guiding me over his cock. ... I helped guide her over my cock, my hands tightening their hold on her hips as her already tight pussy clenched around me. God, I needed to pound into her. I needed to fuck her hard and fast and I couldn't do it from this position. Don't get me wrong, I loved being able to play with her tits as she fucked me, but I wanted to fuck her . Carefully, I rolled us over so she was beneath me. "Bedroom?" She asked, staring up at me with those big, lust-filled, brown eyes. I nodded eagerly, lifting her into my arms, careful not to slip out of her. "First door on the right." She said, kissing along my neck and whimpering as I began to walk, the movement doing sensational things to where we were joined together. I laid us down on the bed and she somehow managed to swivel herself around, so she was lying on her front her legs spread and bent at the knee either side of her body, her torso pressed flat to the bed. All the while we were still joined together and the sensation on my cock was sublime. "So flexible," I muttered, sitting up. I pulled out of her before plunging back into her wet heat and grunted as I slid deeper inside of her than before. She cried out, grinding her hips and I realised she was rubbing her clit into the mattress. I leant on one hand beside her while the other caressed up and down her back, her bottom, enjoying the smooth skin as I slammed in and out of her, revelling in her moans and cries of ecstasy. I pulled a sharp yelp from her lips and grinned, hitting it again and again. "There," she whimpered. "Right there?" I asked, punctuating my words, rasped and strained, with another hit to the spot inside of her that was making her scream. "Yes, y-yes." She hissed. "Harder, please." "Begging now, are we?" God, beg harder, I thought, now desperate to come. "Yes, just…please." She whimpered, wriggling and writhing her hips again. I stilled them with my hands and she whined in frustration. She was going to come, I would make sure of that, but I, and I alone would be the one to make her scream. I slid one hand beneath her, lifting her hips a little as I leant over her, her back to my chest, slick and sliding with the heat and perspiration between us. I kissed her neck as moved the hand slowly caressing her toned tummy lower, letting my fingers play between her folds. She whimpered as I breathed into her ear, "Might want to hold on, sweetheart." And then I was pounding hard and fast, in and out, grinding, thrusting, gyrating, doing anything and everything as we raced towards the end. My cock was throbbing inside of her as her sweet pussy fluttered and clenched, careening fast towards climax. I could hear it in her voice, feel it in her body as she tensed, tightening, toes curling, back arching. "Edward!" She screamed my name as she let go. I couldn't help my grin, rejoicing in my victory, seconds before I came, burying my face in her neck and grunting my pent up release in her ear. I gasped, panting heavily as I slowly kissed down her back before falling to the side lying on my back beside her. "That's twenty bucks to me." I panted. "Told you I'd get you to fall out of character before I did." "How did you know?" She whined, breathlessly, and I felt her moving around next to me to lie on her back. "Because whenever I get you to come with me inside you, you always shout my name." Yeah I may have been a little cocky about that, but it didn't mean it wasn't true. I knew Bella better than she knew herself. "Whatever," she grumbled. I chuckled, turning onto my side, propping my head on my hand. "We should role play more often," she sighed, "because that…that was…" ... I looked over to see my best friend and fuck buddy lying on his side, his head propped up on his hand, grinning down at me. ... I looked over to see my best friend and fuck buddy lying on her back, fanning her face with a satisfied smile. She caught my eyes. ... "That was hot." We agreed in unison. So, loving it? Hating it? Whatever the case, bear with me, I'm pretty excited about this one. Stuff can be found on my blogger as usual - the link is on my profile. Review.