with Sam and the next thing anyone knew, it was two black wolves going at it. The younger brother, Trevor, tried to stop the fight when Gale shoved him back and he phased. A few white markings on a mostly black fur coat. Snarling, he went to approach, but Bella had shifted beforehand, ceasing all fighting. When Alpha phased, no one dared move out of line. And lastly, the youngest, were Colin and Brady. They walked along the shore line at First Beach when they sprouted out into fur of tan and white. Scared, they huddled into a nearby cove when Embry and Quill stumbled on them during a run. As each new wolf joined, the pack felt stronger. Each wolf felt the strength divided equally, even the Alpha. Winter 2016 Bella stood at her second story porch, watching the snow fall gracefully from the grey sky. She had felt it. Something had shifted in the air, so she called a pack meeting. Most of the wolves were at home, at jobs or living their life. A nomadic vampire came through every once in a while, and was quickly disposed of. Except for one. Bree. She was turned against her will, and left to fend for herself. Embry took pity on her and kept her around even though it made the pack weary. Those two formed an unlikely friendship, and she kept tabs on the vamp world for them. It took a while, but Embry eventually had her feed on blood bags that Sue sent over from the hospital. If blood couldn't be donated for Red Cross, they were sent to Bri. So far, it was working, but he kept an eye on her in case of slip-ups. Hearing the crunch of tires, she turned to her right and smiled. Paul's green jeep sat in her driveway. He must have gotten off work early. Walking over to the edge, she peered down as Jake and Paul got out. "Hey guys. Off early?" "Yeah, not much to do for construction once the snow falls." "Anyone else over yet?" "No, they have lives too." Bella chuckled as the boys came inside downstairs. Once the pack began to grow, everyone chipped in on making the Alpha's house bigger, adding on bedrooms, bathrooms, as well as another, smaller cabin for others. They had enough room to accommodate most of the pack at one time. Once the sun set, the whole pack, Charlie, the elders and Bree had settled into the giant living room. As soon as everyone got food and a drink, Bella stood. When she did, all conversations stopped and eyes were on her. Harry Clearwater smiled. She was the most respected and revered Alpha the tribe has seen since TahaAki. "Alright, here's the deal. We've all felt it out there, I know. The elders think they know what's going on, so pay attention and be respectful." As she sat down, Billy, Jake's dad, initiated the discussion. "Thank you Bella. As she said, you've all felt the change out there in the woods. Something big is about to happen. We believe it's the first mating season since the pack has become whole and holding at steady numbers." Murmurs and whispers flooded the room. "I get that we're gonna get horny, sure, but what else does this mean?" Sam asked sternly. "It'll be a fight. Females and Males will fight for the right to be the only breeding pair. Also," Billy hesitated as he looked at Bella. "The right for male and female Alpha…" Instantly, the room went into an uproar. "That's bullshit!" - Jake "No fucking way!" - Paul "Bella is a great Alpha, why would we want to replace that?" – Sam "Why would we fight our own pack?"- Jared "She'd win,"- Senna and Dahlia in union while glancing at Bella. "There's got to be some other—"- Quil "Guys!" Bella barked, quickly silencing the group. After a breath, she focused on the elders. "Are you absolutely sure of this?" "Unfortunately yes. Spring is coming, and it's been a year since the Bella became the First Alpha, the last one being over 200 years ago. It's time." "What will happen to the pack?" Embry asked. "Dynamics will change but you all will still be pack siblings. The offspring from the new Alpha pair will start the next pack, some from the Makah reservation may join, and branch off into another territory." "This sounds fucked either way." - Paul "What would happen if they don't start the fight? What if they just all submitted to Bella?" "We considered that might be a possibility. Bella would stay as Alpha—" "There ya go. That's what'll happen." Jared spoke, but Billy held up his hand. "Male's would still have to fight for the position to court her as a mate…" At this they all groaned. No one clearly wanted to fight each other. Quickly getting fed up of their distaste, Billy spoke up. "I know you all don't like this. We don't want to see you fight each other either. But it will happen. Females and males will feel edgy, very short tempered and hostile. Your wolves drive these feelings, as they don't act on rational thought, but instinct. Your wolves will think they have a right, and no one else." "When will this all go down?" "Seeing how it's mid January? And how you all sense it coming? Most likely in a month or two." A collection of "shit" and "fuck that" were immersed. "There's something else Bella," Charlie mumbled. "What." Bella snapped, her temper quickly gaining. "Your mom, she got remarried after the divorce. She was pregnant when the papers were signed. You have a half sister, and she phased early this morning." "Seriously." Bella wasn't amused. "So what, she's being flown up from Florida?" "Your mom and I agreed it'd be best to be around other wolves like her." "Fine, when will she be—" A knock on the door interrupted her. No fucking way.