a day. I felt sprinkles of magic wrap around my voice, making my intent practically an order. He was caught in the serpent's gaze, pale and terrified and entranced. I released his fist and he stumbled backwards. I pulled my second form back into the ether and sagged, flipping and errant strand of hair over my shoulder. "Well, that was pleasant." Leah snickered at Paul's pale complexion and generally stunned visage. Most people on the other end of what we had affectionately dubbed my 'Serpent's Gaze' were. "Jeez Paul, want Jared to go fetch you some new boxers?" Quil guffawed. "Looks like you need 'em, dude!" "Stuff it." Paul grumbled. Embry grinned. "Bro, you had it coming. You did try and give Bella the right hook. You tried to hit Bella , what did you think was going to happen?" Now everyone was chuckling and throwing out their two cents. Paul just grumbled and stormed out. "Quick Sam! Make a decision before he gets back!" Quil joked, causing the alpha to exhibit the rare and elusive 'grin.' "We'll reinstate the treaty. Still though, I'm worried. I don't trust them, not at all, especially if they're causing so many wolves to shift now." I found it peculiar that even though the Cullen's had just arrived, the wolves' bodies knew when to activate the gene, but let it slide. "Maybe there are more of them now?" I threw out, eye brows raised. Sam growled. "If they turned anyone, they will have broken our agreement and we will attack them." "Hmm," was all I said, bringing up my thumb nail and chewing it thoughtfully. Bad habit, I know. "So is that that?" Jake asked. "We cool?" "That's that," Sam said. "I'll call them tomorrow to set up a meeting. Jake, Embry, Quil, Leah, and Jared, I want you there. I'll be human so I can talk with them, but I want you there to back me up." "What if there's more than five, like Bella said?" Leah asked. "I don't really want to bring the young 'uns but we might need them." "I'll come." I said, tilting my head to the side. "If you'll have me that is. I'm curious about these vegetarian vampires." Sam looked on the edge, iffy about bringing someone who technically wasn't a pack member to a strictly pack meeting. "Sam, she can breath fire for God's sake, let her come." Jake said, rolling his eyes. "I guess so." The alpha grumbled. "Just let me do the talking, alright?" I smiled sweetly, popping another grape into my mouth. "Don't I always?" He scoffed and turned away, amidst chuckles from the others. Seth smirked and walked out of the room for just a second before returning with my shorts. "Hey Bella, here's your shorts. You forgot them last night, you can swing by for your panties later, I wouldn't feel right about pulling those out in public." His crude sex joke resulted in a cuff around the ears and howling laughter from the other boys, some laughing at his words, others laughing at him as he slouched and rubbed his stinging skull. "See if I ever help you out again!" I grinned, happy to see things were already pseudo normal. It seemed like barely any time passed between that hectic morning at Sam's house and the border meeting with the Cullens, but as these things are wont to do, I had barely blinked an eye before I stood at the border line, darkness surrounding us. Sam leaned against a broad tree, the wolves stood behind him in a rigid line, completely still except for when the wind ruffled their fur. The tension was giving the night an eery tune. I sighed and ran my hand through Mavrik's fur. "They're sure taking their sweet time, huh?" "Well, we are forty-five minutes early." He grumbled, slumping down. Sam looked over at me, an amused glint in his eyes. "What did he say?" "Um, that you are very punctual." I grinned. "Bella, I went to the dentist the other day and he told me my teeth were so rotten I'll need dentures by the time I'm thirty. I blame you and how you're always expecting us to swallow your sugarcoated bullshit." He joked, his deep voice hiding a chuckle. "Eh, what can I say?" I shrugged as a new scent caught on the breeze. I perked up. "They're almost here." Jacob and Leah looked at me quizzically for a moment before turning their muzzles experimentally to the wind. It was a moment before they recoiled, having finally smelt the scent as well. "God, that is rank." Leah muttered. "Really?" I asked, inhaling again. I figured I still had a moment before they arrived so I allowed my body to slip into my demiform, and inhaled again. My senses were sharper still in this form, but I still couldn't classify their scent as bad , per say. Just kind of mangled. Each of them had a very unique scent, and jumbled up as they were it was hard to decipher them, but every now and then I would get wind of something in particular, like lemon or lavender or patchouli, none of which I would classify as unpleasant. Just confusing. I brushed it off and reigned in my demiform just as they appeared through the trees. A/N: Predictions? Prophecies? Problems? ...Flames? Let me know what you think! :D Much love to my readers, as always! Also, quick note, if any of you want to practice writing, enjoy RPing, like wolves, it would mean the world to me if you could drop by rubymoonlight dot proboards dot com slash index dot cgi (Curse you FF for blocking urls...) This is a really active, really friendly wolf RP I'm a member on, my username is Artemis! If any of you are interested or have any questions feel free to message me here on FF or on the above site! Thank ya much for your time (: