replies, smiling weakly as he makes eye contact once again. "Get the fuck out," I grit out through my teeth. "I'm sure I'm not the only pussy you have lined up tonight. You wouldn't want to keep them waiting." His eyes blaze. Bingo . If he was going to throw underhanded insults, so was I. He had been pushing my buttons all night and I had pushed right back. If he thought he was going to get the last jab in there, he was surely mistaken. I continue, "I, on the other hand, don't do this often. In fact, unlike you, I've only been with two people. Counting you." I don't know why I'm telling him this. I could let him walk out of here thinking that I always pick up strangers at bars and bring them home, but I have too much self-respect for that. "You don't know anything," he says, his voice cold. His armor is back. "Well I do know that you just fucked me and then implied I was a whore. Oh, and also that you're even more of an asshole than I originally thought." He shakes his head, more to himself than me. "This was a mistake," he says quietly. "Oh really? Okay, I guess that excuses it then, right?" I snap. "It was just a mistake so I should just forget about it, is that it? Well guess what? You can't just..." I trail off again, the angry tears making a comeback and this time they're mixed with tears of hurt as well. His face softens slightly as he takes in my expression and I hate that I can't keep my strong façade up at least until he's gone. "Edward...did you just...use me?" I ask softly. Edward closes his eyes tightly and looks down. "Because if you did, that's fine," I continue, my voice shaking, "I wanted you to. I let you." A tear glides down my cheek. "But don't you dare stand there and accuse me of doing this sort of thing often, because that's really low and it isn't true. And I won't stand here and just let you talk to me like that, you understand me?" A tense silence floats between us as we stand there in my empty hallway. Time slows down to nothing as I look everywhere but at him. I see his fists clench and unclench in my periphery, but his body is completely still. "I didn't..." His rough voice rams through the thick silence like a wrecking ball. He clears his throat. "I didn't use you. I just wanted...I just wanted to..." A silence. A sigh. "Just wanted to what?" I ask, my voice pleading. "Touch," he whispers. "And feel." His voice grows stronger as he continues. "I haven't been in a good place for a while, Bella. I feel completely out of control of my life." He stops talking for a moment and I toss and turn his words around in my head. "The moment I saw you I knew I was done for. You were stunning. And then the way you smart-mouthed Riley. Damn, I thought I was going to lose my shit right there." I look down, feeling my face grow hot from my blush and silently reveling in the fact that I made him feel just as wild as I felt. "Everything about the way I live is chaos. Every person I meet is a set-up, pre-determined meeting. I was so cold to you because I'm not used to strangers sincerely wanting to get to know me. And when I thought you did, when I thought maybe you wanted me for no other reason than you just... wanted me...I thought I could finally take control of something in my life. And I wanted you. I didn't know you, but I wanted you." His words send my entire body ablaze and I'm speechless. He's just bared his soul to me, put away his armor and shield. And all I want to do is kiss him and tell him he can do whatever he wants to me, wherever he wants. Anything. I'll give him anything. Though that thought terrifies me, it thrills me more. Enough to do what I do next. With tentative steps, I approach Edward until I am standing directly in front of him. I can feel his body heat on me as his gaze meets mine. "Don't leave yet," I murmur. "Stay." He shakes his head. "I need to leave. I've been such a dick to you tonight." "I don't care," I say firmly and he looks at me incredulously. "I mean it. I want you here. I want you to stay. Have me, take me, consume me, drown me. I'll give you everything." My arms are open at my sides. I'm offering myself to him completely, leaving him the option to take what he wants, if he wants. Edward's throat bobs as he swallows and I shiver when his fingertips touch my bare arm. His brows knit together as he leans forward, his warm breath ghosting my neck as he places a gentle, lingering kiss to my jaw. "Why?" he whispers against my skin. "Because I want you to." And I mean it both ways. I want him to. And I want him...too. I can feel when he senses my double meaning. Edward pulls back so that he can look in my eyes. I'm looking at his face, though its blurry since we're standing so close together. His face inches forward and I meet him halfway. When our lips meet, it is gentle and soft. Neither of us move to deepen it further, instead pressing chaste kisses against one another's mouths. His hand slides to cup the side of my face as he holds me to him. He pulls his lips an inch away from mine and smiles slightly down at me. Both my heart and my head sigh in relief when he quietly says, "Okay," and resumes kissing me again.