Carried by this newborn whilst she was still human. For the first time humans pose a threat to us". Suddenly Alice and Jasper appeared as Alice showed Aro his future. Jasper looked to see where Adze was. His little soldier was no where to be seen. A sense of dread filled him as he saw everyone of them had red eyes. What had happened to Adze?. " That's your future, Aro". Suddenly a teenager and his grandmother came and placated the Volturi. Aro then said "I wish to see the newest addition of your coven". Rosalie growled "She's changing!" I shuffled in the snow as everyone stared at me. As Leah had her arm around my waist "That never stopped me before mother". As I stood firm. Jasper rushed over to assisted "Adze. You shouldn't be walking in your condition". " Good to see you, Major. Now help me to Aro. He requested a meeting and I am here". Jasper took over from Leah as she limped up to Aro who took her hand "I can see why everyone. Why young Edward. And the hybrid hold you so high. Such a prize. You are welcome to join as a valued member of my guard. I'm sure we can find you a place?". I tilted my head "Thank you, Aro. However for now I will have to decline. Perhaps another time". His eyes lit up at the prospect of me joining his guard "Very well, Miss Hale. Until then. Carlisle. I expect to be kept updated on how this newborn progresses and the develop of the hybrid". He turned and left. I gripped onto Jasper's shoulder as my heart slowed and then stopped as I let out my last breathe as I fell still in Jasper's arms. He lifted me up with a small smile. "Time to go home, little soldier. The battle has been won". As I slowly opened my eyes I was surrounded by my friends and family. Leah was the first person I could see. "Adze. Your so beautiful". She whispered. In a blur I was stood beside her as without any warning I kissed her as she grabbed me crying as wolf whistles and claps were heard around the room as I looked into Leah's eyes "I love you, Leah". As we broke apart I saw Bella with Renesmee. I stiffened as I stepped back as the another immediately surrounded Renesmee. She sniffed good. But my I was fighting my instincts. She was family as I closed my eyes and took a deep sniff. As I could used to the smell. "It's okay. Now. I've got it under control". Edward nodded as the stepped out. Renesmee went to hug her but I stepped back away "Stay away, Ness. I'm not as controlled as your mum is. You smell very tempting right now. It's best to keep your distant just encase. I don't think I will hurt you since your family but I can't be certain". Renesmee nodded as she kept her distance. Emmett grinned "Ready for your first hunt?". I rolled my eyes "50 bucks says I get the first grizzly bear". Emmett smirked "You're on,". I was about to go with my father when I froze in horror as Charlie and Sue walked in. Bella exclaimed "Dad what are you doing here?". Charlie "I asked Sue to marry me and she said yes. Adze. You've change. Are those contact lens?". He said walking right up to me as I held me breath looking to be in pain. Carlisle placed a hand on Charlie shoulder "Adze isn't well at the moment. You should keep your distance for now". Charlie shook his head "You're different and let me guess I don't need to know". I nodded me head "Yeah, No offensive. But I think you show leave. Just for a little while until I'm better. Please". I said through gritted teeth clenching me fists. Sue placed a hand on Charlie's shoulder "Come on, Perhaps this isn't the best time". I looked to Edward 'I'm going to lose it do something'. Edward turned to Jacob 'Hold her!' Jasper immediately stood behind her as no one dared to move. "Adze. You can do this". Charlie saw her eyes watering "Get your hands off her, Jasper. You're hurting her". He demanded. Jasper shook his head "You really don't want me to do that Charlie. You need to go now. This isn't the time". Billy wheeled in "Charlie please come with me". I was practically shaking by now. If he wasn't going to move than I was. I needed to get out. I got out of Jasper's grip and shoved passed Charlie almost knocking him over as I ran before he could follow. I was losing it as the scent of human overwhelmed me. I preyed to god that their were no humans another. Until I caught another scent. I growled two newborns were wandering around. I allowed my instincts to take control as I tracked them down and learnt they were Maria newborns. I took them by surprise as I let out a loud predatory growl knowing the others would hear it as I tore the first newborn's head off with ease as the others appeared as I went for the other. Biting and snapping at him like a crazied wild animal. As I tore him limb from limb. I growled at them. Garrett put his hands up "Hey soldier. We're allies". Stefan grinned "She's powerful, even for a newborn" I crouched low focusing on the bear behind them. I jumped landing on the bear biting him. " Mine!". I growled dragging the bear further away from them. Alastair smirked "That's 50 bucks. Pay up". He nudged one of the nomads. Suddenly they were all hit with a paralysing shock-wave from Adze. Garrett groaned "Damn the little soldier has one powerful gift" As she happy displayed her prize. Eleazar proclaimed "And not the only one Innate Combat, Electrokinesis and Pain Suppression".