a tight hug. I invited him inside where we sat and drank wine and I told him about what had happened. He sat and listened silently as I talked and cried and talked and cried some more. The alcohol was getting to me and I was so vulnerable that before I knew what was happening, I had leaned in and was kissing Jacob Black, right there, on mine and Edward's leather couch. I pulled Jacob on top of me as we continued kissing, only halting our ministrations when the front door swung open, and his velvet voice broke through the moment. "Bella, let me explain I—!" I looked up and over at the door to see Edward standing there, watching the scene before us in complete shock. He looked hurt, confused, and in the end, just plain fucking angry. His jaw clenched and he glared at Jacob. Hard. "Get the fuck off my wife," he gritted through clenched teeth. Jacob quickly sprung up and cautiously walked over to where Edward was standing by the front door. He looked at me sympathetically and then at Edward. I thought I heard Edward actually growl at him, but I couldn't be sure. Jake took off running after that and I hadn't heard from him since. Edward slammed the door shut behind him before turning his glare to where I was sitting on the couch, out of breath and a bit messy from my little make-out session with Jacob. "What the fuck are you doing, Bella?" he had seethed. "Exactly what you were doing with that slut in your office, Edward ," I defended angrily as I got off the couch and stood there, holding my ground. "You ran out of there before I could even explain!" he yelled back. "Explain what? Explain how I loved you, how I married you, how I gave everything I fucking had to you only to come there, on our anniversary and find that slut Tanya all over you in your office?! How the hell are you going to explain that, Edward?!" I was literally shaking with anger now. "What about you ?!" he spat back just as angry as me. "I come in here to find my wife making out with that little piece of shit, excuse for a man! How do you think I feel?!" Okay, now I was angry. "How you feel," I scoffed vehemently. "I could give a flying fuck how you feel, Edward. I told you…I fucking told you from the beginning that Tanya had a thing for you and you kept telling me I was being paranoid…that I was wrong. Well guess what? I was wrong because she didn't just want you ….you wanted her too ! God how could I be so stupid?!" I threw my hands up in the air, surprised at how I had missed this. She was beautiful and I was nothing but plain old Bella. "In no fucking world do I want Tanya Denali!" he retorted. "What you saw was a misunderstanding, Bella! Nothing happened. She came into my office and threw herself at me!" "Save the crap, Edward, I'm over it," I said in a low, shaky voice. "I just…I can't believe you did this to me," I said, on the verge of bursting into tears once again. "I didn't do anything to you, Bella," he said in a gentler voice. I looked up at him and saw his eyes were red from his own unshed tears. I nodded. "You're right. You didn't do anything. You just let it happen." I went to walk past him out the door, but he blocked my way. "You're one to talk," he spat back, his voice becoming low and angry once again. "You were just in here throwing yourself at Jacob Black. And you actually had a say in what was happening. I didn't." "Stop defending yourself. It's pathetic." I looked away from him and sighed. "I'll be out of here by the end of the week." And that was all I said before walking into the bedroom we once shared and slamming the door shut behind me, making sure it was locked before throwing myself onto the bed and crying until morning. It was three months later and here I was, sitting on the bathroom floor crying again. Edward and I had hardly spoken in the last three months. We weren't divorced, just separated, waiting for the papers to come any day now. At first, he had made attempts to contact me, but after a while, he just stopped. I moved into my own apartment in downtown where I was closer to my work and farther away from him. We never told the Cullens or even Charlie or Renee about anything that had happened because we hadn't seen any of them in person since Christmas of last year. It would break their hearts to know our marriage had crumpled so we decided not to discuss it until it was final. I burst into another round of tears as I pictured Esme's beautiful face contorting into one of pain when we told her the news. And Alice. Oh god, Alice. She had been the one who saw that we were meant for each other from the very beginning. We couldn't tell her yet, especially before the wedding. It would ruin everything. I sighed and collected myself off the floor before stripping off my clothes and getting into the shower. Afterwards, I brushed my hair and put on a pair of comfy shorts and a tank top. I went downstairs to make myself some breakfast. I was just in the middle of scrambling my eggs when my phone vibrated on the counter, signaling a new message. I wiped my hands off on a dish towel and picked up the blackberry before reading the text and almost collapsing to the floor once again. We need to talk. -Edward Author's Note : Thoughts? Love it? Hate It? Please let me know! :)