obstructing my path back to the professor. With still a few feet away from the bronze-haired man I have been harboring a crush for in the last two years, I stopped in my tracks and just watched him for a few moments. He was still perched in front of the bar, seemingly mindless of the blonde beside him who looked to be desperately trying to get his attention. Professor Edward Cullen was a graduate from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a PhD in Electrical Engineering. He's worked at the Chicago offices of Intel Corporation, that American multinational technology company. From the limited knowledge that I knew about him, he was born and raised in Chicago before he moved to Cambridge for college. Quickly after graduation, he flew across the country to teach at University of Washington, where he handles the Computer Communication and Networks class for juniors and he was a damned great professor. He has the ability to communicate well with his students, something that some professors lack. Even though his classes were always full, somehow, he was able to know the names of all of his students, a feat that I haven't had the pleasure of encountering before him. Lastly, Professor Edward Cullen was inevitably handsome. With his sharp jaw and green eyes, every female student's attention was solely focused on him whenever he's standing at the podium. I know that my focus was on him. We didn't know each other on a personal level, but I couldn't deny the fact that I was attracted to him, even before then. He was nice, friendly, and an all-around respectable man. All in all, Edward Cullen seemed like a great catch, the one I wouldn't mind snatching. Suddenly, the crowd in front of me parted like the Red Sea, clearing my path back to Professor Cullen. And as if our lives were a romantic comedy, he slowly turned in his stool to face me and sent a huge grin in my direction. Self-consciously, I stumbled my way back to our spot, my woozy head thumping in time with the music. "Hey, Professor," I said goofily, my smile stretching wide on my face. "You can call me Edward," he smirked, "We're not in the classroom anymore, you know." "Oh, I know," I giggled, almost falling to the empty stool beside him. "Isabella, are you alright?" Edward asked, concern etched on his face as he tried to reach out to me. "You can call me Bella since we're not in the classroom anymore, you know," I teased him, his blurry face forming a grin in front of me. I watched in rapt attention as he suddenly leaned in close to me, his scent washing over my senses as he inched closer. I heard my breath stutter in my throat as the distance between us lessened, our foreheads almost touching before he abruptly turned to place his lips near my ear. "Do you want to get out of here?" he asked in a low voice, the heat from his breath sweeping over my neck. I shivered in response, my mind momentarily rendered blank from his nearness. "Bella?" I blinked rapidly to regain my thought, my hands slightly trembling in my lap. Professor Cullen backed away from me slowly, taking away the heat directed my neck. I breathed out a sigh of relief as I gathered my wits. I straightened subtly in my seat, gathering as much dignity as I could before I faced him as if he didn't just render me speechless. "Yeah, let's get out of here," I acquiesced, a small smile playing on my lips. "Okay, let's go," he said, standing from his stool before offering me a hand. I gently grasped his warm hand and pulled myself into a standing position, my head coming up short before his shoulders. I felt his fingers squeeze mine for a second before he released my hand altogether, the pressure sending a tingling sensation up my arm. Professor Cullen directed me through the dancefloor before he stopped briefly at a table with four people casually hanging out. The occupants of the table were obviously paired off, and they were all looking between the professor and I. I averted my gaze from the obvious appraisal, my blush creeping up on my face from self-consciousness. I darted my eyes around the room, avoiding the eyes of the four people who have yet to say anything. "Heading out already, Edward?" I was startled at the deep voice from the table, my eyes immediately scoping out its source. The huge guy with bulging muscles was smiling widely at Professor Cullen, showcasing his dimples. "Yeah, we're getting out of here," Professor Cullen shrugged, his arm casually brushing mine. "Alright," the muscled guy chuckled, his eyes glinting with mirth. I heard Professor Cullen release a sigh beside me, prompting me to turn my questioning eyes to him. "Okay," he dragged out, "Bye, guys." A collective murmur of goodbyes echoed from the other three, but not before Professor Cullen gently grasped my arm and dragged me to the exit. I was barely able to keep up since it seems like the people were closing in on me, but the professor's grip didn't falter. He only released my arm from his hold once we were breathing the air outside the bar. The air was refreshing, despite the obvious smell of smoke in it. Regardless, I breathed in as much as my body allows, willing the air to replenish the alcohol in my system. From the corner of my eye, I catch the professor watching my face, an unidentified expression playing on his face. "So," I started, "Where to, Professor?" "It's Edward, Bella ," he smiled cheekily, his eyes crinkling at the corners. "Okay, Edward ," I rolled my eyes playfully, "Where are we going?" "Anywhere," he said, grasping my hand in his, "Everywhere." AN: Hi! I hope you enjoyed the first chapter. Let me know what you think! Thank you for reading.