if my life had depended on it. Instead, I just looped my arms around his neck and drew him closer. His lips lifted in a smile, and nothing else in the world existed. I settled onto my back, and he followed, careful to keep most of his weight off me. Our lips never parted as our bodies molded together, his warm skin against mine feeling heavenly like nothing ever had. When I felt him hot and heavy against my thigh, I slipped my legs apart a little, silently telling him I was ready. He handled the condom this time, rolling it onto himself with an earnest furrow in his brow that made me fall for him all over again. He cracked a relieved smile when it was finally on. As I returned it, any hesitation that'd still lingered inside me flitted away. This was right. This was us . My arms went around his shoulders as he returned to move over me. I played with the hair on the nape of his neck, pulling in a deep breath and looking straight into his eyes before I nodded. "I love you," he whispered again as he pushed himself into me. I closed my eyes as I felt the burning I'd expected, but it wasn't as bad as I'd imagined. I knew it couldn't have been easy for him to pause, but he did, resting his forehead over mine. "I'm okay," I whispered, willing my body to relax and accept him further. "You sure?" His voice was tight with restraint. "Just do it," I urged. "It's not going to get any better until you're all in." I opened my eyes to watch his hesitation, but he didn't argue. Our eyes remained locked as he slid in, bit by bit until he was completely sheathed inside me. I released a deep breath, trying to get used to the strange fullness. As crude as it sounded, I felt . . . stretched. There really was no other way to describe it. It still stung a bit, but thanks to Alice, I knew it would get better in a little while. I just needed to hold on until then. Edward squeezed his eyes shut, obviously holding himself back, so I caressed the side of his face. "You can move," I whispered. "I'm okay." He swallowed and then nodded, slowly pulling out of me, before thrusting back just as gently. My arms gripped his shoulders as he started to build a rhythm, slow and measured at first, and then a tad faster. It still felt strange, but as the seconds passed, I found the discomfort dissipating . . . not disappearing all together, but dulling into a soft ache as sweet pleasure began to take its place. Simply the feeling of being so close to him was enough to warm me from the inside. When he groaned, his eyes and mouth tightened with obvious effort of restraining his release. I threaded my fingers through his hair, bringing our lips together. "Let go, Edward," I murmured against his mouth. "I love you." "So much," he returned before burying his face in my neck, losing himself inside me with a deep groan. I stroked his hair as he stilled, still breathing heavily against me. A smile spread over my face when I felt him place a lingering kiss under my jaw. As wonderful as it would've been to stay right there forever, he had to pull away to dispose the condom. He returned quickly, though, pulling me into his side and hugging me close. My fingers ghosted over his chest, drawing nonsensical patterns as a comfortable silence wrapped around us like the softest of blankets. Occasionally, he'd lean in to brush his lips against my head, or I'd plant a kiss on his warm skin, but we remained quiet for quite a while, absorbing the moment. When his fingers tightened in my shoulder, I raised my head to meet his gaze. "I'm sorry it wasn't perfect for you," he murmured roughly. "Shut up," I whispered, inching even closer to him. "It was wonderful . . . and amazing . . . and everything it should've been." The grin that tugged at his lips seemed almost shy, but he said, "Still a no on using the rest of the condoms?" "Very much so," I told him calmly. "Fair enough." The humor vanished from his eyes then. "You're okay, though, right? I didn't hurt you?" I pulled in a deep breath, truly assessing myself before giving him an honest answer. "I'm a little sore, but it's nothing I can't handle." "I'm sorry." I grinned and tucked my head back in its spot on his chest. "I'm not." "How about a warm bath? I've read that it helps with the pain." My eyes snapped back up. "You've read? You did research?" "Of course I did." He tweaked my nose, and I laughed. "God, I love you!" He looked a little confused at my reaction, but I wiped his frown away with a peck. "Bath sounds good. Maybe in a little while, though. I just want to stay right here for a while." "You can stay as long as you want," he murmured, hugging me close. I closed my eyes, my body relaxing against his. Our legs tangled together, and Alice's words danced through my mind. She had been so right. It hadn't been perfect . . . but it'd been so perfectly imperfect. After all, we had the rest of our lives to explore and master our own brand of perfection. I couldn't wait. A/N: I'd like to thank my pre-reader, Pamela for her valuable inputs throughout the writing process. A sincere note of thanks to pixiekat7 and Darcy's Mom as well for editing the story. As I post this, I'm doing some last-minute prep for my first exam of the year, so send out some positive vibes into the universe for me, yeah? I'd really appreciate it. Thanks for reading!