"Yeah, it's all good. Really good." "I'm glad. I've got to go now, Mom, or Edward will get worried and come looking for me. Thanks again for everything. I'll talk to you later. Give Phil my best wishes." "Of course, darling. Have a great day and enjoy the holidays!" "You, too." I bid her goodbye and hung up. I'd never had such a conversation with Renee. She'd always been more of a friend rather than a mother, but today, she'd given me the best advice I could've gotten. She was absolutely right. I'd never been like her, and yet, all these years, I'd created my beliefs by putting myself in her position. The reason why I'd felt disappointed on knowing the truth today was that I was ready . I was ready to commit myself to Edward. I'd loved him for so long and I knew I always would. I trusted him with my life and I knew he'd rather die than hurt me. We'd always taken care of each other and that would never change. The only change that marriage would bring about was that I would tie myself to him in every way humanly possible. That was something I'm sure Edward had always wanted and he'd been ready to give it up forever for my sake. But now, I was ready. I was ready to do this, and not just for his sake. I was ready to move ahead in our relationship because I wanted it, too. I smiled, excited and rushed to the door, only to run into Edward's hard chest. "Whoa!" His arms wrapped around me in a flash, preventing me from falling on my ass. "Bella, love, are you okay?" "I'm fine." "You've been up here for forty-five minutes. What's going on, Bella? I know something's been bothering you since we came here and don't even try to tell me it's nothing. Please, talk to me, Bella," he said, desperation clear in his voice. My hands cupped his face. "Listen to me. I have something to tell you, but please, baby, let me get it all out. Please don't interrupt me." He nodded, worry still etched on his handsome features. "What is it?" I took a deep breath and started telling him everything that had happened since I went to Alice's office yesterday. I explained exactly how afraid I'd been at the thought of refusing his proposal and losing him. He was about to say something, but I placed a finger on his lips to remind him what he'd agreed to. "When you gave me the book today and Emmett made his announcement I realized I'd misunderstood, but I couldn't figure out exactly what I felt. I should've been happy, relieved and yet, some part of me was upset." I paused and he took that opportunity to speak. "But, Bella, I know how you feel about marriage. You told me long ago, and I agreed to it. I'd never push you, love. All I want and need is you in my life. The title does not matter." I smiled and stroked his face. "But this was just the push I needed, baby. To rethink what I want from my life. I talked to Mom and she made me realize that I was already one hundred percent committed to you. Being married to you would change nothing, other than the fact that we would be tied together in every way humanly possible, and that is not something I'm afraid of. I'm already yours in every way. I want it, Edward. Whenever you're ready, I want to be your wife." His eyes were wide and I could clearly read the astonishment in them. "You're- you're saying that you want to get married?" "Yes. I'm not saying it has to be now, but whenever you are ready to ask me, my answer will be yes." "Oh, Bella!" he whispered. "Are you sure, love? I never want this to be something you will regret. You don't need to do this for me, you know that, right? I'm happy with you now. I don't need it to be official to-" "Shhh!" I interrupted him. "I won't regret it. You're the love of my life, Edward, and I want to spend my life with you. I know we'll make mistakes, but we'll fix them together and it'll strengthen our relationship. I want to be married to you. So, Edward Anthony Cullen, will you marry me?" "How the hell can someone's beliefs change like this in an hour?" he muttered in shock, probably not realizing he said it out loud. I bit my lip and shrugged lightly. "I had an epiphany of sorts. You still haven't answered my question." His smile was blinding. "Of course, I will marry you, Isabella Marie Swan. On one condition." "What's that?" "You have to let me have my moment. I am going to get down on one knee and propose to you properly once I have a ring for you." I giggled and nodded. "Sure. I don't want to steal Em and Rose's thunder today, anyway. So we can announce our engagement once you've proposed to me." He lifted me up into his arms and looked up. I followed his gaze and smiled. My arms wrapped tightly around his neck as he pressed his lips to mine, sealing our promise with a tender kiss beneath the mistletoe that hung in the doorway. As we broke apart, he swung me around happily, both of us wearing huge, matching grins on our faces. He put me down just as I was feeling dizzy. An amusing thought entered my head and I snickered. Edward raised his eyebrows in question. "Two weddings to plan in less than a year. Alice is going to faint." We laughed together and walked downstairs hand in hand to celebrate the rest of the day with our family. A/N: Well...? Leave me you thoughts in a review. And Happy Holidays to everyone! Thanks for reading.