It's nice to meet you too..." she paused a moment to read his name tag, "Jimmy White. I hate to leave now that I've made a friend but my bus is going to be leaving soon and I need..." she rifled though her bag for her jacket that she might need on the trip and put it on once it was free of her suitcase. After zipping up the bag she made an attempt to pick them up again in order to take it to the bus, that would very soon, be loading. "Hey hey take it easy. That bus ain't goin' anywhere without you. You're going to Atlanta, right? " Her jaw dropped open to speak but she didn't get the chance to ask him how he knew where she was going "And I know because I'm the driver for this trip. Don't worry, kid. I'm not some sort of weird stalker," he teased her lightly just before he looked at his watch. "And now it's just about time for the bus to start loading so if you'll follow me, Leah." he said as he picked up the two heaviest of her bags as she picked up the other one to the bus. There was just something about Jimmy she liked. Maybe it had something to do with the fact that someone was treating her like a decent human being for once, and not like the scum on the bottom of their shoes. Jimmy though, reminded her of her Dad. Almost at once thoughts of Harry were brought to mind. They leaped towards the past and of possibilities were he still alive. Her Dad had bawled Sam and Emily out royally for treating her so badly, imprint be damned! Leah knew she deserved better than the smirks and the looks and the unwanted pity she got from them both. She also knew that neither of them had been allowed to set foot on Clearwater land because of it. But he wasn't alive now and nothing stopped Sam and Emily from coming over whenever they felt like it especially since both she and Seth first phased. And if that wasn't bad enough it was that they was always giving her those looks. Those looks that said "See what you're missing out on?" It didn't stop them from practically making out on La Push beach either, right where Leah and everybody else in the pack could see them. (If Sam had ever loved her at all, he would've waited until she had left in order to spare her.) Or even that when they weren't looking at her with pity, they were smirking or rolling their eyes at her. If there had been a way to leave before now she would've found it and left a long time ago and left all their sorry asses behind. Including Sam's pack and Jacob. Just as these thoughts went though her mind, she completely missed what Jimmy had asked her. After dropping two of her three bags near the bus she turned to face him. "I'm. sorry...what did you say?" she asked him sheepishly. He smiled softly at her, "I said that you looked like you were off in your own little world there. What's up?" She shrugged, "It's nothing I want to talk about right now. No offense, Jimmy." He took the rest of her bags from her then and put them in the baggage compartment leaving her with the shopping bag she wanted to take with her on the bus. "No problem. It just looked like you needed someone to talk to." She nodded "Yeah, but almost no one back home ever wanted me to talk to them, not really. See they all think I've got a bit of a foot in mouth problem. But the thing is, they just want me to sit down, shut up and take orders and don't complain. While, I rather just tell things like they are. To tell the truth, pretty much all of them think I'm a bitch, especially when I'm only trying to knock some sense into them. And it just got to the point where I just couldn't take it their shit anymore, so here I am." She looked at him after she finally got the last word out. Waiting for him to turn around and tell her to go home or at the very least make some remark about her cursing. But he said nothing, not at first anyway. Finally, after the last passenger's bag was loaded, he turned around and looked at her. "It sounds to me like they don't even try to understand you. Like they think their lives are so much more important than yours that and they don't want you to burst the happy little bubble they have got going for them. Even if their lives just might be running you ragged. I've known a few people like that too, to be honest. But you know, Leah, I get the feeling that there's a lot more to that story, but I'm not going to push if you don't want to tell it. After all you don't really know me." She nodded, still half in her thoughts but still focusing on Jimmy. "There is, but I really can't say much about it. 'Code of Secrecy' all that. But it's no cult in case that's what you're thinking." she teased. Even though it seemed to her, at times in the past...to be true. He smiled at her, "If you say so, Miss Leah. Now if you'll excuse me, I'll make sure everyone's on board so we can get the show on the road." As Jimmy left to go to the ticket counter to get a list of people who would be on board for this trip so he could do a role call. When he was gone Leah stepped on board the bus that would take her out of her own personal nightmare of a life and into a new one.