knew I'd be alright, no matter what, as long as you were there to hold my hand . . . I knew , Edward. I was sure. I was going to go all in. And then you left." I felt the tears roll down my cheek, the emptiness I'd felt on reading his letter trying to pull me into its dark depths again. But I had to go on. He needed to understand. "I'm not going to give up. I believe that what we have is worth fighting for. So I'm here . . . I'm here to tell you that I'm all in, Edward Cullen. I love you more than I've ever loved anyone, and I always will," I told him quietly, but forcefully. "I'm so sorry that I made you doubt it." I fell silent, and for a moment, it was just the sound of our labored breathing that hung in the air. I stared at him, trying to gauge his emotions, his reaction, but he gave me nothing, just looking back at me like he was trying to figure me out. I opened my mouth, trying to find more words, the right words, better words to express my feelings, but I didn't get a chance to get them out. Before I knew it, Edward had crashed his mouth to mine, with a force that would've knocked me down. But I wasn't afraid. I knew he'd never let me fall. His arm wrapped firmly around my waist, the other one cradling my head while our lips moved hungrily . . . devouring, accepting, forgiving, loving each other more fiercely than ever. A low groan left his throat, and I echoed it, pulling him closer, needing him closer. We were both gasping for air when we broke apart a few minutes later. He didn't go far, pressing his forehead to mine. I looked into his eyes and a sob slipped past my throat when I realized that the storm brewing in them had been replaced by the gentle warmth I loved. He frowned at my tears, brushing them away before drawing me close. My head tucked under his chin, he hugged me tight. "I'm an idiot," he muttered against my hair. 'You have nothing to be sorry for, sweetheart. I should never have doubted you. I should never have left you. I'm so sorry." "Ed—" "Shhh." He rocked us slowly back and forth. "You had your chance. Let me talk, too, please?" He waited for me to nod before continuing. "Ever since I was a kid, you've always been somewhat of a dream to me . . . someone I could long for, but never hope to have. Jacob was the one who stole you away from me back then. I guess I've never been able to forget that. When I came to see you at the hospital, I thought you'd be . . . upset with him," he admitted. "But you weren't. You were holding yourself together so well, and that scared me." He pulled back to cup my cheeks. A small, crooked smile appeared on his lips. "What I forgot was how strong you are. And if you weren't, you wouldn't have been the Bella I love." I placed my hand over his. "You gave me strength," I whispered. "Everything I thought I knew about love and life had been shattered to pieces when I left Jacob. But it was you . . . you made me see that it happened for a reason. It happened because I had to meet you. How could I be anything but happy about that?" "I'm sorry I overreacted," he murmured, dipping his head to capture my lips again. "I'm sorry I didn't understand how you were feeling, and I'm sorry I've been so afraid for so long." Edward shook his head. "I understand why." He smiled again – a slow, wide smile that spoke of forgiveness and the willingness to move on – and I returned it. He kissed me again, pulling my lower lip between his teeth this time. I bit back a moan as he tugged at it. "Can you stay?" he whispered. His lips brushed against my jaw, and I couldn't help but moan. "No." He pulled back with a frown. "Why? Is Katie okay?" I placed a reassuring hand on his cheek. "She's fine. I left her at home with Mrs. Cope, so I need to head back." "Okay," he breathed in relief. "How much time do we have?" "None, actually," I answered. "Not tonight. But we have all day tomorrow." "Oh. Is Katie going to stay at her friend's place after school?" I shook my head. "No. She'll be with us." I smiled. "We have something to tell her, after all." Edward's eyes widened, and I watched, a little amused, as hope and disbelief warred within them. "Bella . . . are you saying . . . are you sure? You don't have to." I shushed him with a finger on his lips. "I want to. You felt like you didn't fit in my life. I don't believe that, but if you do . . ." I shrugged. "Then to hell with my life. I don't want it without you." Looping my arms around his neck, I said, "Let's start our life together, okay? One where we both belong." "That sounds perfect," he whispered thickly. When he kissed me again, his movements exultant, yet tender, confident and adoring, I knew, together, we were going to be just that . . . perfect . A/N: So, this was my entry in the Beyond the Bedroom contest. Didn't win a thing. But I hope you enjoyed it anyway. I don't have any more in store for them now, but I won't rule out a chapter or two to wrap things up in the future. Info regarding my stories, including updates, teasers, and pics can be found at my group, 'Fanfiction by ForeverRobsessed' on Facebook. Thanks for reading!