of anything to say. Once again, she had said the last thing I expected to come out of her mouth. My Bella was always so selfless. She always put everyone else's needs before hers. But today, today for the first time, she was asking me for something for herself. She waited for a moment. As I said nothing she took a deep breath and continued, "So it's one way or the other. Either there is more danger than you want me to know about, in which case it would be right for me to be there, to do what I can to help. Or . . . it's going to be so easy that they'll get by without you. Which way is it?" The faces of my family members flashed in my mind. Bella was always my first priority, but could I do this? Could I hide away when they all were fighting for us? "You ask me to let them fight without my help?" I asked her quietly. "Yes", she replied in an even voice, still looking down. "Or to let me be there. Either way, so long as we're together." I took a deep breath, and then exhaled slowly. I put my hands on either side of her face and forced her to look into my eyes. Her mind was silent to me, but her bottomless eyes revealed her thoughts to me. I could see all the emotions clearly in them – guilt, the most dominant because I knew she loved my family as much her own; fear, for their safety as well as mine; determination, not to allow me to make her back down on this; and finally, love – deep, everlasting love. I still couldn't believe that I was lucky enough to have that love for myself. She saw something in me that I would probably never understand. She was my light and my joy. The reason for my existence. Always giving, never asking for anything in return. I decided that there was no way I could deny her this. Had the situation been reversed, I too would never have been able to let her go away alone where there was danger to her life. It would kill me if I had to do that. I owed her this. I had left her once, putting her through the worst pain imaginable. I had underestimated her feelings. I would never do that again. I would never be able to make up for all her suffering, but I could at least give her anything she wanted. No matter how it affected me, I wouldn't deny her anything. I pulled out my phone and called Alice. "Yes, Edward?" she answered. "Could you come babysit Bella for a bit?" I raised one eyebrow at Bella, daring her to oppose to the word. "I need to speak with Jasper." Alice sighed. "Yeah, I've seen it. You are not going to fight. Well, I'll be there in a few minutes." I put away the phone and stared at Bella's face again. "What are you going to say to Jasper?" she whispered warily. "I'm going to discuss . . . me sitting out." I couldn't keep my voice even. This was very hard for me, but there was nothing I wouldn't do for Bella. "I'm sorry." She could see that on my face. "Don't apologize," I said, giving her a tiny reassuring smile. "Never be afraid to tell me how you feel, Bella. If this is what you need . . ." I shrugged. "You are my first priority." "I didn't mean it that way - like you have to choose me over your family." She said with guilt and pain evident in her voice. "I know that", I tried to comfort her. "Besides, that's not what you asked. You gave me two alternatives that you could live with, and I chose the one that I could live with. That's how compromise is supposed to work." She leaned forward and pressed her forehead into my chest. I wrapped her tightly in my embrace. "Thank you," she whispered. "Anytime," I answered honestly, kissing her hair. "Anything." We didn't move for a long moment. I could tell she was still upset about what she was asking me to do, so I changed the subject. I was reminded of something she said in her sleep. "Who's the third wife?" I asked. "Huh?" she said, looking perplexed. "You were mumbling something about 'the third wife' last night. The rest made a little sense, but you lost me there." "Oh. Um, yeah. That was just one of the stories that I heard at the bonfire the other night." Bella shrugged. "I guess it stuck with me." I leaned away to look into her face. Her voice was hesitant and I didn't understand why. But before I could ask her anything else Alice appeared in the kitchen doorway. "You're going to miss all the fun," she grumbled. "Hello, Alice," I greeted her. "I'll be back later tonight," I promised Bella, kissing her goodbye. "I'll go work this out with the others, rearrange things." "Okay." "There's not much to arrange," Alice said. "I already told them. Emmett is pleased." I couldn't help but sigh as I smiled a little, "Of course he is." Then I ran towards our house, hoping the others would understand. I thought they would, because I knew that had any one of them been in such a situation, they, too, would have put their mate's needs before all else. That was just how we functioned. Nothing in this world was more important to me than my beautiful Bella. As much as I loved my family, Bella is my reason, my angel, my love, my life….. forever. A/N - so ? like it ? hate it ? please let me know. I would love to know your thoughts. so take a few seconds of your time and type something in the box below. THANKS FOR READING :)