had bought earlier in the day. "You bought so much," Bella commented. "I thought we could make enough for you to eat today, and tomorrow I can run the rest to the homeless shelter in Port Angeles. They are used to me supplying them with unprepared foods. This will be a surprise." Esme's caring smile lit her face. Bella looked up from her task of shredding the cheese to see Esme seeding the chiles on the counter beside the range. "Esme," she began tentatively. "Will you tell me what it was like when you got married, when you fell in love with Carlisle?" Esme stopped what she was doing. She forgot to act human and stood still as a statue staring at Bella in confusion. After a few moments, she seemed to gather herself and she spoke. "Bella, hasn't Edward told you?" "Told me your and Carlisle's story? No. He doesn't tell me a lot about you guys. I think he's respecting your privacy," she said. "I'm sorry if my question was too personal." "It's not personal at all, Bella dear, don't worry. I'm just surprised that you're only aware of our cover story, and the assumptions that people make about us. I would have thought that Edward would want you to know the truth. After all, you know our biggest secret. You know that we're vampires. I don't understand why Edward wouldn't have told you the rest." She paused briefly in thought. "Well, it's definitely time you knew." Esme declared. "First, Carlisle and I never fell in love." "What?" Bella asked, shocked. "But, you, he... you're married. You love each other. You're mates," she spluttered. "Oh my," Esme responded with a laugh. "You really don't know. Let's sit for a minute." When they were seated Esme began. "You know that Jasper and Alice are married, but they pretend to be an unmarried couple who are our foster children?" Bella nodded. Esme continued, "And that Rosalie and Emmett are the same and they keep up the same pretense?" "Yes," Bella replied. "I know that. Everyone thinks it's a little odd, but they accept it, no one suspects that they are married couples." Esme smiled fondly at Bella. "Just as no one suspects that Carlisle and I have never been married and we most certainly aren't in love." "You and Carlisle aren't married?" "No. I have used the name Cullen since I joined the family. I had no desire to keep my husband's name, and in my time women didn't revert to their maiden names after a marriage ended. But, Carlisle and I have never been married, we've never been more than the best of friends," Esme said with a fond smile. "Although, that's not entirely true," she continued. "We are more than friends, he's like a kid brother to me, and I am a big sister to him. We had planned to pass ourselves off as a brother and sister who had taken in kids to raise together, because we had no families of our own. However, a long time ago, the school system saw both our names on 'the kids' forms and assumed we were married. We didn't want to draw more attention by correcting them, so we said nothing. We never confirmed or denied that we are a married couple. Everyone just assumes that we are. We learned to make ourselves touch each other casually, in the presence of others, to keep up appearances." Esme laughed. "In reality our touches hold nothing but sibling affection. Between Carlisle and I, there have never been any romantic feelings and there never will be. We just don't look at each other like that. I don't know why Edward, or the others, didn't tell you that a marriage between Carlisle and I is just an assumption people make." "You know, I think Alice assumed that Edward told me. If I had known all this, some of the things Alice has said would have made lot more sense." "I think it's safe to say we all thought Edward had told you everything." "Edward led me to believe that you and Carlisle are a married couple. He probably didn't think that I should be let in on your secret. He must have worried that I would give you away if I knew. He's very protective." Bella's brow furrowed. Tentatively she began, "So, if you're not Carlisle's wife..." she trailed off, not knowing how to finish her question. "What do I do?" Esme asked with a laugh. "Well, yes." "I'm here because I love my family. This family means everything to me. However, I'm also working on learning perfect control around humans. I want my resistance to human blood to match Carlisle's one day. When someone is hurt I want to be able to stay with them. So that I can work with human children, like he works as a doctor. That's what I want for my existence, to care for children in any way that I can. Someday, I hope to work in an orphanage. I know they foster as many kids as possible, but there are still places that are technically orphanages, and those kids need a mother. I want to be that mother. Not that I would leave our family. I would never do that. This is where I belong. When I have enough control to work with children, I will come home from work like Carlisle does. If an orphanage doesn't work out, I could always run a day care center and give the children of mothers who have to work the love, care, and nurturing that they need while their own mother is working." Esme ducked her head. "I'm very passionate about it." "That's really great. I think that will be wonderful for you. No one could ask for anyone better to care for them," Bella said enthusiastically. "Speaking of caring for people, even if they are adults," Esme said sternly. "We need to finish up, so you can eat."