of utter relief left my lungs. "Thank you, Jasper. Thank you." I raised my hand and he reached out to shake it. "Now, will someone please tell me how the hell you know this Isabella Swan?" Jasper muttered, glaring at Emmett and me. "Oh, dude," Em said, shaking his head. "I can't even—" He broke off when we heard a shrill, feminine voice yell at the receptionist. "Do I have to spell it out for you? I already told you, I'm here to see ISABELLA SWAN! I got a call that she was brought in after an accident. Where is she?" Jasper walked over to the petite, dark-haired woman to intervene before she threw something at the receptionist, who couldn't seem to get the computer to work to find the records. I watched as he talked to the girl, no doubt updating her on Bella's status. A minute later, a hopeful smile stretched across her lips as she put forward a question to Jasper and he nodded. She squeaked and jumped into his arms, muttering "Thank you!" over and over, loud enough for everyone in the waiting room to hear. Jasper patted her back awkwardly, and then led her away, toward the ICU. I followed, keeping a safe distance. I heard her say that her name was Alice and she was Bella's roommate. Roommate? So Bella had been living in New York? Did she attend college here? Why didn't she come see me? The answer to the last one was simple. She didn't come to meet me because she didn't want to. Of course she wouldn't want anything to do with me after I'd hurt her so badly. She'd probably have forgotten me by now. I ignored the uncomfortable tightening I felt in my chest at the thought, as I'd reached the ICU where Bella lay. Jasper and Alice were already inside and the blinds were open, so I was free to look inside. I knew what to expect and yet, the sight of Bella, unconscious and hooked up to monitors and machines, her face and arms laden with cuts and bruises, brought tears to my eyes. She's alive. She's alive, that's what matters. I chanted in my mind, trying to maintain my composure. I watched as Alice tucked a lock of Bella's hair behind her ear and bent down to kiss her forehead. Jasper said something to her, and she nodded. He walked out of the room, looking unsurprised to find me there. "I've told Alice that she needs to take care of some paperwork. She wants to sit with Isabella for a while, but then she'll go down to the nurses' station," he told me, looking at me pointedly and I immediately understood the underlying meaning in his words. "Thank you," I whispered, my voice thick with unshed tears. He nodded in acknowledgement. "I'm going to see Emmett. Apparently, he has a story for me," he said, clapping my shoulder and walked away. I grabbed myself a bottle of water and drank it as I paced across the corridor, waiting for Alice to leave, so that I could have a few moments alone with Bella. She was so close, and yet so far. My patience was wearing thin, but finally, almost an hour later, Alice did walk out of the room. I didn't waste a second, and almost ran in as soon she walked a few steps away. I walked to Bella's bed and sat down on the stool beside it. Gently, with a shaking hand, I stroked her face, my fingers gliding over her pale skin. I took care not to touch the bruises. My hand itched to hold hers, so I lifted her right hand and bent down to press a soft kiss to her knuckles. "I'm so, so sorry, Bella," I whispered, pressing her hand to my cheek, my eyes squeezing shut as I relished the warmth of her touch. I was startled when I felt thin, delicate fingers conform to the angles of my face and cup my jaw. My eyes snapped up and I gasped out loud when I saw dark brown orbs staring at me through a thin sheen of moisture. "Ed-Edward?" she rasped. "Bella! Oh God, Bella! You're awake," I exclaimed, my heart pounding hard and fast at the sound of her voice. I looked into her eyes, wondering if she was still under the effect of the anesthesia, but they seemed alert, looking at me in shock as thick, hot tears rolled out from them. "Edward," she whispered again, her voice a little clearer and I watched, flabbergasted and amazed as a beautiful smile slowly lit up her face. "Oh Edward! Are you really here?" This time, her voice was laden with hope and it made me smile as all the emotions I'd kept buried inside me rushed to the surface. I loved her. I loved Bella Swan with all my life, with all my heart. One and a half years ago, I'd made a decision, one that I'd immediately regretted. I wouldn't repeat the same mistake. "Yes, I'm here, Bella. And I'm not going anywhere," I promised and I meant it. I'd stay right by her side for as long as she wanted me. This time, I wouldn't make the decision for her. If she didn't want me, I'd walk out of her life again, but if she asked me to. But, if there was the tiniest of chances that she could accept me again, I'd do anything for a chance to beg for her forgiveness. Yes, this time, I would keep my promise. A/N: It's a hopeful ending, right? I hope you guys won't mind waiting a little bit for more. Oops... forgot to mention earlier something we all already know... The Twilight Saga and its characters belong to Stephenie Meyer and I'm just playing around in her sandbox. No copyright infringement is intended. Thanks for reading and as always, I'd love to hear what you think :)