pregnancy. Despite what she said, they still investigated her and everyone else that had worked on James' case. In the end, Bella left the oncology floor to work with Angela in the ER. The hospital profusely apologized, but explained that it was protocol. A complete, top of the line security system was installed in her house, compliments of her parents. And a no-contact order was placed against James and he was given 120 days of community service for his gross-misdemeanor. For Bella, that was enough. She just wanted to put it all behind her. "I'm sorry, Bella," Angela said, bringing her back to the present. "I know you want it to be over, but it clearly isn't. And I don't think he's going to stop until something more is done." It was no secret that Angela thought James had been let off easy for what he had done. Especially after she found out that he had gone as far as to breaking into her house. But, in typical Bella fashion, she tried to see the best in everyone and just wanted things to go back to how they were. "I'm with Angie, hun," Sue added, reaching a hand out to stroke Bella's arm. "He clearly has some issues if he is still trying to contact you after everything that has happened." Bella sighed loudly, closing her eyes and rubbing her temples. She could feel a headache coming on. "I know," she replied, "But what can we even do? I already forwarded his emails to my attorney. He hasn't come into direct contact with me." "We can let security know, just in case," Sue answered, "We'll have someone escort you to and from your vehicle as well." 'Just great,' Bella thought to herself, 'I have to be babysat. Perfect.' She nodded her head in defeat. "Fine. I'm going to go check on my patients," she dismissed herself, turning on her heel and heading toward her rooms. She knew they wouldn't need to be checked on until the doctors were in, but she used it as an excuse anyway. Just as she was rounding the corner into the back hall, the door to the staff breakroom opened at the same time. Her pregnant belly collided with the person on the other side, causing her to bounce back a few steps and trip on her own feet. Successfully bringing her to the ground in a rush of flailing limbs before she settled on her back, avoiding landing on her stomach at all costs. "My day couldn't get any worse," she grumbled as she laid there on the hospital floor, eyes closed tightly. "Shit, I'm so sorry," an unfamiliar male voice sounded from above her. Her eyes shot open and she was met with bright, emerald green eyes full of concern. He was on his knees, hovering over her. "Are you hurt at all?" he asked as he pulled a small flashlight from his left breast pocket of his white coat. 'Ahh, a doctor,' Bella thought to herself. He immediately went into doctor mode, flashing the light into her eyes to check her pupils. She pushed his hand away before sitting up, which proved to be a feat with her pregnant belly in the way. "Other than a bruised ego, I'm fine," she answered in a huff. Knowing there would be no way she could get up off the floor on her own she reached a hand out to him. "Think you can help me up?" He seemed surprised by her forwardness and stared dumbly at her. After a few moments Bella decided she wasn't going to wait for him. "Or not, that works too," she glared, working her way onto all fours and then one knee as she attempted to get herself up on her own. "Fuck, sorry," he said in a rush, quickly getting up. One hand grabbed ahold of one of her own and the other rested on the small of her back as he helped her up. Bella brushed off her scrubs as best as she could before looking up at the man that had knocked her over. It was then that she took in his appearance, and she immediately became self-conscious. He was tall, much taller than her average 5'5" frame. He had a mess of bronze colored hair that looked like he had attempted to tame, giving him a just-sexed look. His jawline was sharp, stubble lined the edges, like he had forgotten to shave, giving him a rugged appearance. He was fit, you could tell even through his pale blue button up and black slacks that he took care of himself. She hoped profusely that she hadn't made a complete ass of herself. Of course it would be her that got taken out by Mr. Hottie-Pants. She took the opportunity to glance at his hospital mandated ID badge. "Edward A. Cullen, MD," it read. "Are you new here?" she blurted out in true Bella fashion, foregoing any normal introduction. He chuckled, smiling at her. "Yes, actually," he answered. Bella nodded, smiling shyly at him. He extended a hand out to her. "Let's try this again," he started as she reached out to shake his hand. "Edward Cullen, new ER doc." "Bella Swan, existing ER nurse," she laughed. "That was a much better introduction than being knocked on my ass." His eyes widened at her use of the profanity. She quirked an eyebrow at him. "Oh, please," she laughed, "Don't go all 'O-M-G, she said ass', on me. I'm pretty sure you said 'shit' and 'fuck' five minutes ago." He chuckled heartily at that, his deep, contagious laugh causing Bella's smile to widen. "It was nice to meet you, Edward. But, I've got some patients to check on. I hope to see you around, just next time, don't knock me on my ass," she joked. She walked passed him, leaving him there as he laughed and shook his head, a look of shock on his face once again.