of a way to go but Emmett told me that they'll release a song of my choice long before my actually CD comes out, you know to build the hype." "I look forward to it." Edward said. "Just know, I'm already your biggest fan." "You haven't heard anything yet." "I'm still team Bella. I'll have a shirt made and everything." I laughed. "Your drinks." "Thank you." I said, digging through my purse for a tip. "I got it," Edward said, handing the bartender a crisp twenty dollar bill. "Thanks," I said. "Well, I better get to my table. Looks like everyone is settling in for dinner." He nodded, "It was a pleasure to meet you, Bella. I hope we get to hang out again soon." I smiled, yet inside I was screaming. "That'd be cool." I patted myself on the back for my calm collected demeanor. "I guess I'll see you around." I added as I picked up the two glasses of wine. I had barely made it an inch from the barstool when Edward stopped me. "Bella." I whipped around so fast I'm surprised I didn't give myself whiplash. "Yeah?" "Can I have your number?" "My number? As in my phone number?" He wanted my number?! "Yes, silly. Your phone number." He chuckled. "Do you have your phone? I could put my number in it for you." "Yeah, totally. That'd be…yeah," I coughed. I nearly threw the glasses of wine on the bar in my attempt to quickly get my phone out of my clutch. If Edward noticed he didn't comment but I could see his eyes were very light, almost humored. Unlocking my phone as I simultaneously started handing it to him, I realized my mistake. My background was of him laying shirtless on a bed, jeans hung so inappropriately low. But it was too late, my IPhone was already between his long fingers. "Wait!" I squeaked, reaching for it. But he saw it. I saw the exact moment he saw it as well and my heart sunk in my chest. "Nice background," he commented with a smirk. "Did I mention I was a fan?" I asked while my face filled with color. If the floor would like to open, now would be literally the best time in the world to take me away. "You may have mentioned it in passing." A few moments later, my phone was safely back in my hand and my face had finally finished filling with a lovely shade of fire engine red. The upside to all of this was that my phone was opened up to my contacts and under the E's was Edward Cullen. I smiled softly down at my phone. I was excited, there was no doubt about that, but deep down this excitement felt like more than just fan girl excitement. I had butterflies in my stomach, the good kind that you get after bumping into someone you felt a deep connection with. The possibilities. The clicking of a camera caught my attention and I glanced up with a frown. Edward was smirking at me, his phone angled in my direction. "It's only fair." He shrugged and turned his phone around so that I could see that his new wallpaper was…was me. "I suppose your right." I bit my lip. "Do you…mind if I take one of us together? I won't post it anywhere or anything." After all, I gotta let fangirl Bella have one of her biggest wishes for not completely fucking up this encounter. "You don't even need to ask," he said, shifting closer. I grinned and pressed the side of my face against his, his stubbly cheek made me giggle and Edward took that moment to push the capture button for me. "Thank you!" I said, admiring the picture. "No problem." "Edward?" A tall redhead called. "Time to take our seats." I briefly recognized her face. It took me a minute to point out that she was his manager, had been for a couple years now. Edward nodded and turned to give me one more smile, "I'll talk to you soon, Bella." "T-talk to you soon." Edward stood and brushed by me, his shoulder briefly touching mine before he was gone. I blinked My mind whirling at incomprehensible speeds. There was the fan girl in me that was nearing choking in satisfaction and then there was the normal girl in me that was still reeling from the butterflies his dark jade eyes gave me. I stumbled back to Angela, who was already seated at a table with Emmett and Alice. She took her drink and started to talk to me but I couldn't really focus so instead I just nodded or made sounds of confirmation with my throat. My first charity dinner went by without a hitch. It was funny and entertaining and we managed to raise over seven million dollars for Charity. I contributed a measly two hundred dollars, that's about as much as I could give without getting myself evicted next month, but I was glad that I could help—even if it was in the smallest way. Sadly, I didn't get the chance to talk to Edward again. He had to leave earlier than the rest because he was only in New York to film and so he had to get up at the ass crack of dawn to get to work. I should've left earlier as well but I was too busy being dragged from person to person by Emmett as he tried to introduce me to everyone in attendance. I'd pay for it tomorrow, no doubt, since I had to work both in the morning (630-12) at the diner and then I had to go to the recording studio for the rest of the afternoon only to round out my night bartending. It would be hell tomorrow but oh so worth it. Well, what do you think? The first thing I've written in mooooonths. Don't be shy. Leave me a review. :)