feel the natural camaraderie when I was with them. After making the long, winding drive down to the old house with the marigolds under the window, Jacob put the Rabbit in park and we hopped out. All of the boys were there waiting for us when we arrived. "Hey, Bella!" Embry called and the other boys gave a similar gesture of acknowledgment. I returned their hellos. Even with the friendliness, though, I could feel an underlying tone of something wrong. It didn't take a genius to put together that they were all here to help show me whatever it was that Jake was talking about in the car. I found myself looking at each of their eyes, rotating through them, almost nervously. I was nervous, I realized. Whatever this was, it was something important, something life-changing. For a moment, I reached my hand towards Jake's before stopping myself. I wasn't really sure if we really had that kind of relationship and the last thing that I wanted to do was make things weird if we didn't. "Bella," Sam said, his eyes boring into mine and captivating my attention. I felt the undeniable urge to comply with his dominance. "I want you to know that this was not an easy decision and it's still one that I'm not entirely comfortable with. Before you lost your memory, you knew about us and you kept our secret. I'm inclined to believe that you're still that person and keeping you informed makes you easier to protect. That is the only reason that I'm allowing Jacob to show you what we are. Understand that this is a secret you absolutely must take to the grave. Please appreciate the gravity of this." I was surprised by the intensity of Sam's words. What kind of secret were they going to show me? And what did they mean by "what we are"? The more they built up to this, the less certain I was beginning to feel. My eyes flickered to Jacob's grave face. His mouth was set in a thin line and his eyes seemed to hold some regret. He nodded to me and, surprisingly, that was enough. While still suffering from butterflies in my stomach, I looked Sam in the eyes and nodded to him. "I promise," I said. And I meant it. Whatever this was, Jacob was involved in it, so it couldn't be that bad. And even if it was, I would never throw him under the bus. "Alright," Sam said after a moment of staring me down. He turned to Jacob and crossed his arms over his chest. "Would you like to do the honors?" "Yeah," Jacob muttered. It was clear that he really didn't, but he would. Jacob took a few steps toward the tree line, bridging the gap easily with his long legs. I took a few steps in that direction myself, believing that I was meant to follow. Embry put an arm out before me, however, and shook his head. "You're gonna wanna give him some space," he said softly to me. I gave him a quizzical glance, but he gave no explanation. I turned my eyes to Jacob, who had stopped at the brink of the woods and turned to face us. His face was now in a scowl, his expression black. I was once again struck with the urge to approach him, this time to comfort. Whatever was about to happen, Jacob was clearly unhappy about it. The stress he'd felt in the car must have amplified because he was now shivering with mighty tremors all down his body. Jake stood there for a few minutes, jerking and twitching, muscles drawn tight by his clenched jaw and fists, teeth grit. Then, just like that, I lost my mind. To me, it looked like Jacob exploded. I was only kind of aware that I had screamed and that Embry was now having to put some effort into holding me back. In my eyes, Jacob had just gone up in a thousand pieces and no one was making any move to try and help the situation. The next second, I began to register that in the place of where my best friend once stood was a larger-than-life wolf. The beast was easily bigger than a bear, its limbs rippling with powerful muscles and each paw tipped with razor-sharp claws. I would hate to see what the inside of its mouth looked like. No one made any move-personally, I was rooted to the spot by shock and fear-and neither did the canine. It simply stood there, russet fur beginning to dampen with the light rain, brown eyes focused on me. I was terrified by the eye-contact, recalling somewhere that it was seen as a challenge to animals to look them in the eyes, until I realized that it wasn't just looking at me, but into my eyes. The deep brown eyes of the wolf were calm and expectant, almost like it knew me, and the more I looked into them, the more I felt that I knew them. In one wild moment, I thought to myself that this beast had to be Jacob. I furrowed my brow and turned to look at the boys who stood there as relaxed as the moment Jake and I had pulled up in the Rabbit. "What's going on?" I asked. My voice was shaking with the shock and emotion of the moment, but I was far from caring. "What happened to Jacob?" For some reason, I had the feeling that I wouldn't get my answers from any of the younger boys. My eyes shifted to Sam's face, waiting for him to reply. The older Quillayute regarded me for what felt like forever, as if sizing up my reaction before choosing what to say. Impatience and panic got the better of me and my temper flared. "Where the hell is Jake?" I demanded a little louder. "You're looking at him," Sam replied simply, indicating the wolf.