"It's like a dance, beautiful," he whispered, placing a soft kiss on my lips. "It's all in the leading. Their loss is my gain. I knew all I had to do was distract you enough to make you forget about your anxiety. If you were lost in the . . . uh, throes of passion, you wouldn't concentrate on the tickling." " Throes of passion ?" I repeated with a giggle. "When did we step into a mommy porn novel?" He chuckled and shook his head. "Am I forgiven for my little deception?" he asked me with a smile, but I could see the uncertainty lingering in his eyes. I pursed my lips to hide my smile, and it seemed to work, because Edward's face grew more worried. "I might have to punish you first," I told him seriously. Edward's eyes widened, and he gulped. I gave myself a mental pat on the back for my acting skills. "What do you mean?" he asked me guardedly. The only answer I gave him was to raise my foot and run it over his leg. I found that he had been quite accurate in his description earlier. Banshees had nothing on the shriek that left Edward's mouth. It made me laugh, but I didn't stop, stroking my toes all over his leg and loving the way he jerked away from my touch. I was doing quite well until he used his extra weight to pin me underneath his body, trapping my legs tightly between both of his and wrapping his arms around mine at my sides. "You're such a minx," he growled in my ear, the husky sound of his voice reminding me of the things he'd said to me while we were . . . in the throes of passion, sending shiver down my spine. I laughed as I felt his nose nuzzle my neck and the spot behind my ear and squirmed, which did nothing but rub my body against his. The feel of his warm skin and taut sinews against my own sent renewed prickles of want tingling along my nerves. Soon enough, I felt the growing evidence of his need nudge my thigh insistently, and I was helpless to do anything but part my legs in invitation. "You know, they say that the best kind of sex is the one where you can laugh through it together," he told me. I smiled, threading my fingers in his tousled hair as he pulled back to meet my eyes. "With your legs and my waist, I think we'll be aiming for the best kind of sex quite often, then," I suggested, feeling my lips stretch into a wide smile at the way his face lit up at my words. He leaned in to press a kiss on my nose. "Are you saying we'll be doing this often, Miss Swan?" he murmured. "Well, it would be a shame to miss out on the best kind of sex, wouldn't it? I mean, have you ever had this with someone before?" The words flew from my mouth without a second thought, and I was taken aback by my own bravado. Edward, however, was perfectly relaxed. He shook his head. "Absolutely not. Nothing compares to you, to us ." I smiled. "Then you have your answer." Our lips met in a deep kiss, and the sweet taste of his tongue stroking mine reminded me of something. I retracted quickly. "Oh! Did we leave the ice cream out on the table? It must've melted by now." Edward's eyes narrowed impishly as he leered at me. "Well, I'm not concerned about that. I found myself something much better for dessert, after all." I chuckled, smacking his shoulder. "You're so full of cheesy lines tonight." "Are you telling me that, if I offer you a second round of this dessert, you'll refuse?" I tapped a finger on my chin, pretending to think about it. His eyebrows rose expectantly, and I couldn't hold back my grin any longer. "Hell, no," I whispered in his ear, flicking the soft lobe with my tongue and making him groan. Edward rolled onto his back, taking me along with him, and as I placed my mouth over his, I knew we wouldn't be going anywhere outside of this room for a long time. Hours later, as I lay on his bed, with his arms wrapped carefully around mine instead of encircling my waist, I closed my eyes and sighed in contentment. You know how sometimes you have such a beautiful dream that, when you're about to wake, you cling to the fading remnants of unconsciousness, just so that you could stay in that world for a little while longer . . . how you try to linger in that mysterious state between sleep and wakefulness for a few more minutes to hold on to those wonderful figments of your imagination . . . and how, even once you're awake, you close your eyes and lie in bed, unable to let those images go so soon? As I felt Edward's lips brush over my forehead and heard his low, rumbling voice whisper my name in his sleep, I smiled and happily succumbed to the calling slumber, knowing that this time, I'd be dreaming of the wonderful man beside me. And when I'd wake up in his arms, I'd be able to live out the rest of my dreams in my reality. A/N: Regarding continuation – No, sorry. No such plans for this one. I'm currently working on a mystery fic and will continue to focus solely on getting that ready for posting. I'm four chapters in, so I've got my fingers crossed for more writing time after my exams. I truly hope that I'm leaving you with a smile on your face. Whether you read this for the first time today or you had a chance to do so in the compilation, I'd love to hear what you thought of the story. :)