his own climax with me and his sparkling green eyes, full of pleasure and something like awe, met mine as he grunted so fucking sexily and buried his face in my neck I almost had an orgasm on top of a freaking orgasm. And then there was bliss. Sweet, quiet, sated bliss. And it was beautiful. The only sound throughout the room was our heavy breathing as we came down from our high and I had never felt more comfortable than I did then, with Edward's weight covering my body his warm skin dusted with sweat, flush against my own. My hand tangled in his hair at the nape of his neck and I felt his own fingers running smooth circles into my hip. After a few minutes of basking in the satisfaction of the indescribable sex we had just had, Edward lifted his head and looked down at me with a slightly goofy yet still devastatingly sexy crooked smile on his face. He let out a soft chuckle of what seemed to be amazement, his eyes raking over me before he murmured a still slightly breathless, "Wow." I chuckled, "I know." Damn this man was beautiful. He totally had the "deliciously fucked" look going for him, the ends of his hair slightly damp with exertion, his muscular chest still heaving a little, his eyes bright and his defined cheekbones a little flushed. But who the hell was I kidding? This guy had any and every look going for him. "That was…" "Indescribable? Fucking amazeballs? The very definition of ecstasy? The most incredible sex you've ever had in your life I've ruined you for all other women and will now have to resort to batting for the other team because no other female, living or dead, could ever give you that sort of pleasure again?" The look on his face, his eyes wide and shocked, his mouth agape was freaking hilarious and he burst into laughter shortly after I did. "I was going to say mind-blowing but yours works too." He grinned between chuckles. "But, the last one may be a little exaggerated if not slightly inaccurate." "Slightly inaccurate?" My eyebrow arched in question. Edward leaned down and peppered kisses all over my mouth, "Well, I'm not too sure about batting for the other team but you may have achieved ruining me for all other women." "Hmm," I murmured, moulding my lips to his and rolling us so I was on top of him. "How about you let me attempt to prove the last one true?" Edward's eyes rolled and he groaned as I kissed my way down his chest and snail trail, lower and lower. "That may take a while – ah!" He gasped as I awoke the not-so-little "Little Edward". "We have all night, baby." I grinned when I heard a low moan of approval above me. *FT* I was warm and relaxed and content. I frowned. There were large, comforting arms wrapped around me. I wearily opened one eye slowly. Shit a fucking brick. I opened the other. This. Was. Not. Good. The sun was shining through the cracks in the curtains, which were swaying gently in the warm breeze coming from the open window. The arms of the most beautiful naked man and very definition of sex itself were wrapped around my own very naked self, spooning and I felt blissfully content. To any other person this would be a delight to wake up to. For me to wake up to this meant I was up shits creek. I never, ever fell asleep with the guys I had sex with – it wasn't me, it wasn't what I did. It was too personal, the morning after encounters were always awkward and I'd rather avoid the painful situation altogether. Sleeping together was fine, it was simple, it was easy, if was freaking mother nature. Sleeping together on the other hand, and spooning for that matter, was an altogether completely different thing, it would lead to "call me"s and dates which then lead to serious which would inevitably lead to messy and complicated and that just wasn't shit that I wanted to deal with. Therefore, my solution was easy – you sleep with a guy, you have some fun that you both enjoy and may be worth something to brag about later (though in many cases that would not be the case), you wait for the dude to fall asleep then you get the hell out of there, leaving the pair of you both sated and on his part – leaving you in almost dreamlike part of his brain, a distant memory of the mysterious girl who once rocked his world. So this shit wasn't good. And I felt weird. I felt a tingling sensation all over my body because of the arms wrapped around me, and the tingling didn't have anything to do with lust. I felt like I just wanted to stay there, like I could just close my eyes and happily fall asleep right there and then, I didn't understand, it was confusing me and that was freaking me the hell out. Edward started to stir behind me. Thank fuck he didn't wake up but his arms pulled me closer to his chest and tightened around me. The realisation that this didn't make me uncomfortable was the motivation to get the fuck out as quickly and as quietly as possible. It scared the fucking shit out of me when I looked back at the peacefully sleeping Edward, stood by the door in yesterdays outfit and sex hair enacting the oh so familiar walk of shame, I felt a tightening in my chest as I realised this was the last time I was ever going to see him. I sprinted out the door not daring to look back again. I've never written a Bella quite like this before so I'm hoping the characterisation is being portrayed okay. Anyways, let me know what you think! Review :)