upset at the other thing that Jacob had phased to tell us. Edward changed her? He did it in order to save her. Jacob was defending Edward Cullen? Why? I could feel Sam's concern about the child. I don't like the idea of a vampire child running around this close to our border. Relax, Sam. The kid's cool. She's really intelligent. You should come meet her. Seth had met the baby, too? I made a mental note to myself to rip Seth a new one for going on to the vampire's land. It was hard enough that Jacob was buddies with them. Now I had to watch my brother get all attached to the leeches? Sam went on about how he thought the baby was a threat to us. I rolled my eyes. What was she going to do? Cry us to death? Take a massive baby crap and hurl it at us like she was a little monkey or something? Even I had reservations about destroying a baby. That just sounded terribly wrong, even if it was a kid from a vampire seed. Hurting Renesmee would hurt Bella. And I won't let you do that, Sam, Jacob growled. She's finally happy. And what about you, Jacob? I questioned. What about his happiness? Was he really okay with watching someone he loved kissing on a vampire for the rest of her life? Was he really willing to stay best friends with Bella now that she was a pale freakshow bloodsucker? What about me? I thought you loved Bella. I do. I snorted, Then how can you watch her live happily ever after with some douchebag? It's because I love her that I'm able to let her be happy. Don't kid yourself, pup. When you love someone you fight for them. I sure as hell would have fought for Sam if I'd had the strength. But so much had happened that I got swallowed by life. Sometimes I regretted not fighting for his love a little more. It's like I had practically gift-wrapped him for my cousin. But I think in my heart I always knew that he and I would never last. I DID fight for her, Leah, he snarled. I don't think this is about me. You just can't stand to see anyone else happy. Just because your life isn't working out doesn't mean the rest of us have to be miserable. His comment stung, but I was able to fight back my pain. I hadn't meant anything I'd said in a negative way. I just wasn't always good with words. Sometimes people misconstrued what I was trying to say. Yet just another reason I was a failure in life. Jacob, you will not be cruel to her, Sam snapped. Shut up, Sam. I don't need your help. The last thing I wanted was my ex-boyfriend protecting me. Let's all just calm down. Embry was usually the quietest wolf. But he didn't like us fighting so he tried to break it apart. I'm apparently the problem, so I'll just go, I huffed. I got the feeling that my pack would be better off without me around anyway. Come on, Leah, don't be like that, Seth begged. You and I both know that I was born to be a failure, kid. You're the future of this family, not me, I sighed. Seth and I were polar opposites. He excelled in everything he did. I sucked at everything besides snappy, witty comebacks. He was happy. I was miserable. He loved everything. And I hated everyone. In a way, we balanced each other out. That isn't true. Name one thing I'm good at. I rolled my eyes. Seth thought for a moment. I could tell he was struggling with coming up with something. I wasn't surprised. Well, uh…you've got one hell of a left hook. I gasped sarcastically, I know how to punch? Oh, my life is complete! You're so pessimistic. Quil shook his head. Anyone else want to tell me what's wrong with me? Don't tempt me, Jacob muttered quietly. Jacob, Sam snapped at him again. No. It's fine, Sam. I don't need any of you. Later. I decided to phase back and hide out as human. That was the last time I'd talked to my pack, including my brother. I had been hiding from them for almost three days. I don't know what finally happened with the Cullens and their new bouncing baby parasite. And I didn't really care. I stood up and let out a sigh. Hiding from nine wolves wasn't an easy thing to do. But a few miles down the road I'd set up a nice little camp where I had been fishing and sleeping. My dad had taught me about the outdoors. I never thought that I'd need to know how to fish. But then again I never thought I would be a werewolf on the lam. I looked out at the angry water. It was getting ready to storm. I closed my eyes and inhaled the smell of the salty water. It burned my nose. I saw the tide picking up and the waves increased in size. It wouldn't take long for someone to drown in that water. I leaned forward curiously. I froze as my eyes watched the dark murky water below. For a split second, I thought about just closing my eyes and falling. Everyone would be better off without me around. Then I smacked myself for even thinking about doing something that stupid. When had I gotten all emo? The wind burned my nose again. It didn't take me long to realize that it wasn't saltwater that was causing me to tear up. That horrible stench was unmistakable. I had been around vampires long enough to know that icy scent. I heard a noise from behind me. I spun around and glanced through the trees. I saw a pair of glowing red eyes gazing out at me. I wasn't alone out here.