would I give you for a couple of quarters? Hmmm… "So, Sugarlips, how about them quarters, huh?" She smiled, genuinely this time. "Car trouble?" he asked. "How the hell do you know that?" Bella was starting to get concerned about this guy. "You're parked out front, right?" "Yes." He shrugged his shoulders at her like it was all the explanation necessary. They stared at each other for another minute or two before he broke the silence. "What do I get in return?" "What do you want?" she asked, finally resigned to the fact that she was going to have to play by his rules. "I want you to follow the rules." "I can't. They're too hard," she admitted, although it pained her to do so. He smiled at her warmly this time, no hint of arrogance under the surface. He was even better looking when his face wasn't plastered with that smug smirk. "Ah, finally you're being honest. That's a start. Thank you." He leaned with his arms folded on the bar, bringing him down to her height. She could look him right in the eye. "I'll make you a deal then. I'll loan you the quarters. You have to bring them back here tomorrow night after work, but before I do, I want you to think about what you want. What would you like right now to make you feel happy and free? Maybe it's something I can give you—maybe not—but I want you to think about it. Deal?" Bella had to agree that this deal was a lot easier than what she had been expecting. She thought she would have had to kiss him for sure since he was so convinced that she wanted to. At his words, she felt a sense of relief and wanted to try what he had suggested. "Deal. I'll bring the quarters back tomorrow night." "Good. Close your eyes." His smooth voice and the unusual ambience of the place made it easy to do. Bella closed her eyes and held onto the brass railing to steady herself. "Now, think about the one thing that would make you feel alive and free right now. Anything you desire, if everything were possible." At the mention of the word desire, Bella's sexual thoughts reared again. She loved his voice. It was gentle on her ears, and she wondered if he could sing, too. Quieting her mind, she thought about what she wanted right now. What would end the day from hell on a good note? What do I want? Oh God, yes, an orgasm. But how… Oh, from him. Yes, from this annoying sexy stranger. He can give me one and the quarters. But where… Somewhere I'd never do it. Where? Just be… Just feel… Oh, yes, here…on the bar…in public…with his tongue. Bella's eyes flashed open as the image of her sitting on the bar, her skirt hitched up, her knees spread open with her heels hooked into the handrail for support, while he buried his head between her legs, shocked even herself. Sugarlips wasn't in front of her. He was standing at the open register, his fingers pinching the bridge of his nose tightly. He slowly opened his eyes and looked at her. When their eyes met, Bella felt like she has been struck by lightning. She suddenly felt guilty for objectifying him like that in her mind. It wasn't right. She hated it when guys treated her like a sex object, and yet here she was doing the exact same thing. She wanted to apologize, but her voice was lost. He walked over and placed the two quarters on the bar before her. In a husky voice he spoke, "There's a pay phone in the hall outside the bathrooms." He pointed to the door she had spotted earlier but wouldn't look at her. Something wasn't right. Something had changed since Bella had done what he had requested. Needing to escape, Bella flew toward the safety of the quiet hallway. What is wrong with me? Why did I think that? Of course, I'd like nothing more, but that's just wrong. I should say sorry, but he'll ask what for! Making her call, she arranged for a tow truck to come. Luckily she had an emergency credit card at her place for occasions like this. Walking back out to the bar, she felt like a prisoner walking to the gallows. When she emerged from the hallway, Sugarlips was standing on her side of the bar. He was wiping down the polished wooden surface, but his movements were stiff and tense. Bella stopped a few feet away and saw him pull out the little white hand towel that was stuffed in his rear pocket and spread it over the bar. Noticing her presence, he held his hand out to her. "Come here," he requested. Bella noticed that his voice was still husky and a little shaky. It was almost as though he was having the same difficulty forming words as she was. Placing her hand tentatively in his, she was surprised by her desire to entwine their fingers together. "What are you doing?" she asked. He looked at her for a moment before speaking. "I didn't think you'd want to get your skirt dirty." What? No… it's not possible. "What do you mean?" Fear spiked up her spine. "Well, if you want to sit on the bar while I do this, I think your skirt will get dirty," he explained. Bella gasped and tried to pull her hand from his. He held on to her fingers and would not let go. "What are you talking about?" she whispered, certain that she didn't want to know the answer, because it just wasn't possible. "We can wait till the others leave, but I doubt they'll really care. I know you're in a hurry." "What—are—you talking about?" she asked, now absolutely petrified. Biting his lip, he looked at her from under his lashes. "Giving you your orgasm." HOLY! FUCK!