and straight home. I ran inside to find my uncle sitting at my table with his wife behind him and her hand on his shoulder. "Bella." He said. Shit . "Hi Peter. Hey Charlotte." JASPER POV I can't believe it. She was able to deliberately project onto me. I got the instant feeling to call Carlisle but stopped myself. I need to call Peter. He'll know what to do. He always does. I called Peter on my way home from a hunt after school was over. This girl was something special. Maybe Peter has some cryptic message on how to figure this out. Or maybe I'm simply over-thinking things. Maybe she just felt really calm when touching my hand. Why am I thinking about this? "Hey Major," Peter answered. I could almost feel his smug emotions through the phone. "Peter, I think we've got a problem. There's this new girl at the school. She seems to know I'm an Empath. I felt amusement from her and then suddenly it was like she was sending me some calm. It was so strange. Then I could have sworn she mentioned something about your ranch in San Antonio. But she said it was her uncle who had a ranch there. It's really wierding me out." I felt as if it were important I tell him all this. Suddenly I heard sounds of Charlotte holding someone and Peter was growling low in his throat. "Did she know?" he said sarcastically. "Don't be sarcastic Peter. This is not the time. I think this human knows about us." "Oh come on Jasper! You are over-thinking this. And over-reacting. Just go back to whatever it is you do with that mate of yours. The seer. Quit worrying about it. It's nothing. Leave the poor girl alone. She's new. She was probably wishing you were calm. I am too. Just do whatever and leave the drama to the girls." He started snickering. I sighed. "You're right Peter. You always are. Talk to you another time, yeah?" "Of course. Now go. I have some business with Charlotte to attend to." I laughed and hung up. Peter's right. He wouldn't lead me wrong. So I headed home and watched Rose pace all night until it was time for school. Then she'd get ready and go through school in a daze. When we got home she'd pace again. This went on 'til Friday morning when we saw Izzy's car pulled in. She got on and I swear my jaw dropped. She was wearing a denim mini with a frayed hem that showed off her legs until below her knees where the same boots from Monday covered the rest of her legs. She was wearing a dark purple shirt that was puffy at the sleeves and hung on the sides of her arms under a tight black actual corset. She had her hair pin-straight and caught the light perfectly in her hair when she turned to get her black bag, letting me see her natural red highlights. Her black eyeliner made her deep chocolate-brown eyes pop and look perfect. And here she was, walking toward us. "Hey Izzy!" Alice called, forcing a smile as she placed her small hand protectively on my chest. She glared at Alice then smiled when she saw Rose. Alice's own smile faltered. "Rosie!" Izzy squealed and was somehow able to run in her heels to Rose. She threw her hands around her neck. "I'm so sorry I didn't call. But the flu hit me right then and there. Ugh, I hated just sitting on the couch watching the games with Charlie. Got kind of bored after a while." Izzy complained, her accent was still there and was strong. "Hey Busy-Izzy, how's it going?" Emmett bellowed as he wrapped her up in a hug. Edward growled and I chuckled, leaving Alice dumb-struck. "Feeling much better, thanks Em. Let's go to class, shall we Rosie?" Izzy giggled. "We shall, Izzy." With that, the long-haired blonde and the short-haired brunette skipped off. I smiled and followed. Alice tried to hug me and kiss me but I pushed her away. "Get over your petty jealousies, Alice and let me be." I almost growled at her. She looked back at me indignantly. Edward glowered at me. "I can't get a read on her mind, Jasper. She could be dangerous," Edward warned. "Yeah right," I scoffed. "Just because your ability doesn't work on her, suddenly means that she's some sort of vampire killer? Get over your egotistical self Eddie." I walked over to follow Emmett, leaving Edward and Alice in my tracks. The first classes went by smoothly with Izzy sitting next to me in every one of them. She was always joking and teasing with either me or Rosie. And then whenever Rosie would nudge her and whisper something in her ear too low for me to hear, she would blush and shake her head with a small smile. So beautiful. Wait…what? Did I just say my sister's best friend is beautiful? Especially when she dresses in more than beautiful clothes. I guess the right word is sexy. But that still doesn't work. Radiant, stunning, magnificent, powerful. Those are better words. Oh no. I'm falling for Isabella Swan. A human Isabella Swan. The girl I had just met not four days ago. Me, a married man, is falling for a human. I'm in some deep shit. What do ya'll think? Continue or trash it? I need reviews here people. Your reviews and pleas for an update are what will get you a second chapter. I don't know what to fully do with it yet, though. So I'm going to need some help along the way. Hope you guys can help. The more reviews, the shorter the time you have to wait. If I do another chapter, it will probably start with the sleepover with Rosie. But should it be by Bella/Izzy's POV or Jasper's. Need an answer here. Love ya much! 3