it one bit. She was adorable. "My case?" "Your tattoos," she explained, quieting down again. I regretted interrupting her. "Oh." She shifted closer and peered down at the ink sticking out of my sleeve. I shook off my jacket to show her my sleeve. With a shaky hand, she reached out to touch it and then pulled back as we zapped each other again. "S-sorry, I didn't mean…" she looked fearful. "Hey, it's okay.. I don't mind." I grabbed her hand, she stiffened, and guided it back to my arm. "Feel me up." It got her to crack a smile. "These are incredible." She breathed. "Jacob?" "You know Jake?" "Yeah, he's the only one who doesn't care as long as you got money." She said, lifting up her sleeve. She had on her wrist, in messy scrawl, 'I love you to the moon and back'. My eyes wandered up her arm, I saw marks…marks that are self inflicted. Some of them she had tried to cover up with intricate Roses and thorns. I can only assume that she just hadn't finished yet. She yanked her sleeve down when she noticed my lingering gaze. "I-I have a lot more. I have a couple on my shoulders, my thighs, my ear, the back of my neck…" she listed. I felt myself straining in my jeans as I imagined all that ink on her ivory skin. Fuck…it had been way too long since I got any pussy. "That's a lot of work," I swallowed. "How old are you?" "How old do I look?" she retorted. She was tiny, barely five four not that it was a good indicator of age. The height wasn't her only tiny feature, since she had somewhat opened her jacket, she looked as if she barely weighed a hundred pounds. Her face was young, yet tired, she wasn't that old in my opinion. "Possibly sixteen." "Seventeen. I turned seventeen in September." She sighed. "Hard to believe I…" I couldn't hear the rest of that. "Pardon?" she tensed up as if realizing that she had said something wrong. Panic filled her eyes. She looked unsteady and I debated on letting her wander off in such a state "I…I…um…bye," And just like that, she was gone. I was left equally aroused and confused with our encounter. Aroused for well the obvious reasons. She was a fucking beauty. Confusion because of the pain, the panic, and the fear that I saw. She tried so hard to hide it but…I could see right through it. No one else would be able to see through it. Only someone who has been there has the ability to see it. "Oh, there you are!" Jessica, one of the clingy girls I had met earlier, grinned. "We were worried about you. What could happen to me? I thought rolling my eyes. I die of boredom? "I noticed you didn't eat anything so I brought you this," Another clingy girl, Lauren I think, thrust a muffin in my direction. "I had a big breakfast," I declined. They probably laced it with something. I could see these two doing something of the sort, or licking it. "Thanks, though." "No problem," she beamed. "You'll eat lunch with me tomorrow, right? I mean, there are so many people I want you to-UGH, what the hell is wrong with you Swan?" I watched as Lauren plowed into blue, it wasn't an accident either, I saw that when the first blow wasn't enough, Lauren pushed her down. "Learn to look out, will you?" I grabbed her before she could slam into the cold pavement while her books scattered in every which direction. Blue looked up at me shocked. "Are you okay?" I asked, helping her back on her feet. She didn't say anything to me, she just started to gather up her things. Lauren laughed loudly and slammed her foot down on a book blue tried to grab. "Knock it off." I nearly growled giving her a dark glare. She swallowed. "It's just a joke. Right, Swan?" Blue didn't answer. As soon as she had all her things, she took off and was out of our sight. "She's a freak." Jessica defended, as if that meant everything was okay. Now, I've been an ass plenty of times in my life to people who probably didn't deserve it but something about blue…I wanted to protect her, just like I did Alice. "Tell me about it." Lauren sighed. "The hair is cool sometimes, I'm totally cool with that. I wish I could pull that off but the whole mute thing is incredibly creepy. She talks to no one, even when they ask her questions." "No one asks her questions anymore. They gave up on her, which honestly is for the best. Who knows what kind of creepy voodoo ritual she'll pull on someone." "She doesn't talk?" That didn't seem right. "Oh yea. It's so freaky. She hasn't uttered a word in…erm…" "About three, maybe four years." Lauren looked bored with this topic. "I mean, I don't care. I'm glad I don't have to put up with her annoying voice." "She's nice though," A quiet girl interjected. "She just…what happened isn't easy. How would you be in her place?" "It's been four years, get over it already." "Like the town has gotten over it?" So many questions were zooming in my head. I wanted to be a dick and pry some more, I'm sure these girls who happily dish out all the dirt on Blue but at the same time, I didn't want to. Blue didn't deserve that. I also couldn't believe that no one at this school, possibly no one in her life, had heard her speak for four years. Four years without uttering a single word…four years and she decided to talk to me. While I tried to figure out why, I headed toward my advanced biology class. Chapter 1: Complete. I wonder why Bella "Blue" talked to him? Any guesses, ladies and gentlemen?