gentle rocking that soon drove them both closer to the edge. Her nails raked his shoulders, making him growl. "Yeah? You close honey?" He gripped her hips, pulling her up as he thrusted deep. His eyes turning a bright gold. This only stirred her on more... "Paul...please..." "As you wish." He lowered his head, melted his body to hers as his hips drove hard into her. After a few deep moans, he surged forward, burying himself whole. "Paul!" She screamed his name as she clawed at his arms, small scratches turned pink. A few deep thrusts later, she cried out, falling apart for the millionth time. When she settled down from the orgasm, she noticed something as he stilled in her body. "Paul...you didn't come?" He smiled. His eyes didn't revert back to brown. "Oh no baby girl. I'm saving it for later. We gotta let Jake in on this too." They both looked at him over Paul's shoulder. Paul smirked as Bella stilled. Jake's face was dark with need, but his eyes, were iridescent yellow now. To them both, he looked like the animal he was... He stalked over to the bed, crawling on top of her as Paul slowly withdrew. She cried at the sudden loss, but was quickly mounted by Jake. As he slowly pressed into her ass, his wolf came to the surface. "I need you like this Bells. Will you have me?" He growled his breath hot on her neck. Turning her head away, she quickly realized what she had done. Her answer was clear: she had submitted. Roaring his triumph, he buried his hips deep. She cried out as he filled her, never getting used to it. He curled his hips upward, driving hard into her. When she whimpered, he thought he hurt her, until he felt her pull him closer. "Fuck me Jake. Please..." Grabbing her hips, he did just that. What seemed like ages later, she finally felt her body soar then crash when the strong orgasm grounded her into him. "Paul," he groaned, coming back to himself a little, his eyes returning brown. "She does feel amazing." He carefully withdrew from her. As he went into the bathroom to wash off his dick. Confused, she looked at Paul for guidance. He only smiled, his eyes brown again. "After fucking you in the ass, we can't go right back into your pussy. You'll get a UTI that way." He covered her body with his. "You tired yet?" She shook her head with vigor. "No...I've tasted you both. I need you," she looked at Jake as he came out of the bathroom. "I need you both now." The men looked at each other then back at her. "You accept us both then." Paul answered. It wasn't a question. "Yes. I do." At the same time, their eyes churned golden yellow again. "I want both my wolves." She purred. Paul looked at Jacob. "I need her pussy brother." Jake's eyes never left hers. "That's fine. I've already cum in there. Now I want her ass." Paul hummed his approval. As they both stalked forward, she playfully bit her lip. "You two gonna eat me up?" They grinned, tipped fangs showing in their smiles. "Oh baby, we're starved." Paul purred as Jake growled. She turned on her side, offering her ass to them. "Come get me then." They jumped her at the same time, Jake behind while Paul crowded her front. Paul slid home into her core, grunting at the enveloping heat. When he didn't move, she looked back at Jake, who had positioned himself. "Please baby. Make me whole." He slid carefully into her ass, until he was all the way in. Hiking her leg around Paul's hip, they moved in unison. To Bella, it felt she was being ripped apart deliciously from the inside. "Oh fuck..." She had her hands gripping Paul's hair while Jake grabbed her hip. Grunting and moaning, all three reveled in the bond they now shared. They all belonged to each other, and none of them wanted it any differently. "We need to bite you Bells...make you ours completely." But that was going to prove difficult in this position. As Jake rolled onto his back, she sank her ass back down on his cock, reverse cowgirl style. Leaning back, she opened herself up for Paul, who was all too eager to be buried back in her heat. In this newfound position, they once again worked their way towards the edge. A new kind of tight coil was building within her. A pressured hold like a dam. "Fuck I'm close...oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck." Bella cried out. They both knew what this was. "Ready baby? Jake?" Paul groaned. "Yep I'm ready." Jake growled as he gripped her head back, exposing her neck to them both. All happening at once, Bella was overcome by both pleasure and pain. Both wolves sank their fangs on either side of her neck, officially marking her as theirs. In doing so, she came harder than ever before, as juices squirted out of her in a sudden rush. Her vision darkened as she went limp against Jacob's chest. Paul followed suit, resting on her soft breasts. "Holy fuck." Paul panted. "I never knew..." "Right?" Jake answered, his breath coming out harsh. As all three held each other close, both males softly withdrew from their female mate. She whimpered, the pain of being sore and empty quickly enveloped her. Sensing her discomfort, both males licked and kissed her bite wounds, attempting to soothe her. "I'm okay...I'm okay," she reassured them. "Just really tender right now..." They continued to nuzzle different parts of her body as they scooted up closer to the headboard. Weaving into each other, all three found comfortable spots. As their body heat surrounded her once more, she closed her eyes in peace... She finally felt like she was home. The two strong male arms that were wrapped around her only proved it more.