scene, a pang of jealousy hitting him. He took out his phone, unlocking it, before staring at the white app with a red fire logo emblazed on it. Reluctantly he opened it, going through the profiles, not really reading them. He clicked on one of a slightly tanned girl that was around his age, ready to swipe left but something on her bio caught his attention. Melissa, 19 73 miles away Active five days ago About Melissa What's there to say? I'm just a small town girl with big dreams. I'm a really big nerd when it comes to anime, games, and comics. I'm also an animal lover, and a vigorous reader. He smiled at her bio. There was just something about it that screamed at him. He looked back up at the picture seeing her deep brown eyes stare back at him. There was just something about them that made him feel peaceful. The girl smirked at him, as if she knew something that he didn't know. He swiped for more pictures before landing on one of her sitting on the couch. She gave a genuine smile, her eyes slightly squinted, and happiness showed brightly in her eyes. She looked absolutely beautiful. There was just something about this girl. "What you looking at Em?" Seth called out to the older boy, pulling him away from his phone. Embry looked up alertly, quickly making a movement on his phone before shutting off. "Nothing Seth, just looking up something." Embry didn't know why he lied, but the words flew off his lips before he could realize it. Seth just nodded a grin on his face as he accepted the terrible lie. By now the fire was starting to die down and everyone was starting to get ready to leave. Embry stood up and started to help clean up, trying to get the picture of the smiling girl out of his mind. Before he knew it, he was already saying goodbye to the guys and heading home. By the time he got home, he went straight up to his room trying to get some sleep before he patrolled the next day. But that damn girl was still in his mind lingering, her smile teasing him, her eyes haunting them. A groan escaped his lips and he grabbed his phone seeing that he had a notification. You have a match! He opened it up and to his surprise he saw the girls name pop out to him. He hadn't realized in his hurry to hide his phone from Seth, he accidently swiped right with the girl, not that he minded honestly. He glanced at the clocking noticing it was almost midnight, and despite thinking how stupid and crappy the app was, Embry found himself typing a message. Before he knew it, he sent probably one of the most crappiest message when first meeting someone to the girl that seemed to haunt him. Maybe now he could get some sleep! Melissa sighed, listening to the music that screeched out her speakers, spread eagle on her bed. Her trusted stuffed bear stayed nestled on her side as she stared at the dancing lights on her ceiling coming from her speakers. Two months and twenty seven days since they had broke up. One month and two days since he started dating that she devil. Her phone beeped. She grabbed it reading the message that popped up. You have a match! Embry sent you a message! Melissa opened it up, curious as to who she matched up with and who it was that sent her a message. She looked at her phone in surprise as she realized it was the guy she had found to be interesting on Christmas Eve. She opened up his message curious to see what he had sent. Was it going to be the normal hey, an attempt at a pick up line, or a funny joke? Hi Melissa! It's great to meet you! I'm kind of new to Tinder so sorry if I don't know what I'm doing. How's life? ! Well that was certainly different. She blinked rereading the text, a giggle threatening to spill through her lips as she kept rereading it. It was slightly awkward, but she loved that, especially since she was a bit awkward herself. She smiled and found herself replying back, a small part of her hoping that he would reply back soon, but it was after all midnight. Hey! Nice to meet too! It's ok ha I'm new to it too. Um if I have to say, it's going ok and you? She closed her eyes, a small smile plastered on her face. Maybe there was some good to this. There was just something about him that seemed different and called out to her. It's really crazy though! She honestly just met the guy; could you say met seeing as how they actually haven't met each other in person? Her phone beeped breaking her out of her musings. She looked at it seeing it was another message from him, and she couldn't help the small bit of happiness that rose up in her before squashing it really quickly. Honestly, it's crazy for her to act like this! Just ok? It's going great for me! Tell me about yourself! She couldn't help but laugh. She didn't know why she did. She didn't know why she was feeling happy texting him. All she knew was that he was different, but a good kind of different and there was just something about him that was drawing her like a moth to a light. She quickly replied, her smile a grin now, not caring that she should be sleeping like a normal person. Besides it's not like she planed on sleeping tonight anyways. Zero minutes and thirty seconds, where two people worlds will collide together without realizing what the impact they'll have on each other. It's just the beginning of a withered orchid's seed that is beginning to grow.