had disappeared to go get one of her sketch pads to show Embry some picture she drew, Emmett managed to corner Embry alone and apologise for what happened in the car, an apology which he accepted not knowing that his forgiveness would somehow lead to the older boy stalking him for the better half of the school year, trying to get him to go out with him. Things sort of get a little fuzzy from there. "So does he talk about me?" Embry looked up to stare at Jacob who sat next to him in history while mrs. Wilkes babbled on about something old in that monotone voice of hers. Half the class was asleep while the other half was passing notes. Embry leaned over towards Jacob as he asked, "What?" "Does he talk about me?" "Does who talk about you?" Jacob gave a frustrated sigh, "Gigantor's brother who else." Embry frowned, "These nicknames were funny at first but now they're just annoying. He does have a name you know." Jacob just rolled his eyes in annoyance, "Just answer the question." "Who Jasper?" "No. The other one." "Oh. I don't think so, no." Embry shrugged as he tried and failed to make out the diagram on the board. "So, he never mentions me at all?" "I dunno, I guess I-...wait," Embry paused to turn in his chair and face Jacob, "Why do you even care anyway? I thought he's just some creepy weirdo who won't stop staring at you." "He is." Jacob insisted while Embry just frowned. "Well if he is, then why would it matter whether or not he talks about you?" "It doesn't." Embry smirked at the blush he could see spreading on Jacob's face, "Then why did you ask?" "I-..." Jacob stuttered and choked on his words for a moment before giving a low growl, "Shut up!" Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Embry raked a hand through his hair as he walked out of Biology and made his way down the hallway, with a lingering blush on his face. Today they did the reproductive process which they do every single year and yet somehow it doesn't seem to get any easier. Contrary to popular belief, how they behaved around each other and said in general, Emmett and Embry haven't gone all the way yet. Sure they've done other things, lots of things. But they've never actually had sex before. A few months earlier they'd gotten pretty close one day when Embry went over but the native didn't feel he was ready for that step just yet and Emmett respected his decision. But things were different now. The Cullens were set to go on some big ski trip in Alaska that weekend and Emmett asked Embry if he wanted to go with him. Emmett had of course mentioned that they'd be sharing a room. Just the two of them. For one whole weekend. And Embry couldn't help but feel... Well Embry is feeling a lot of things right now. "Is he dating anyone?" Embry looked shook his head from those stray thoughts when he found Jacob waiting for him just outside of class with a suspicious red tinge on his face. "What?" "Is he dating anyone?" "Is who dating anyone?" "Godzi-" Jacob stopped himself short and gave a sigh when Embry's eyes narrowed down at him. "Emmett's brother, is he dating anyone?" "Who Jasper?" "No the other one!" "Edward?" Embry blinked as he tried to think back, "Not as far as I know." "Oh, O.K." Jacob said with a nod while Embry just stared at him with a slight tilt of his head, "You like him don't you?" Jacob's head snapped up and his blush spread all the way to the tips of his ears as he turned away and started stomping down the hall, "No." "You know I could talk to him about you if you want." Embry teased and Jacob glared at him. "Shut up." The two walked in silence as they headed up to the cafeteria. Jacob kept his head ducked down as he tried to will away his blush while Embry just smiled at his friend. They breached the cafeteria doors and went through the lunch line before separating with Embry shooting a smile over to his friends and plopping down on one of the open seats at the Cullen table, giving a sigh at the arm that automatically draped over his shoulder and lips that kissed his cheek. The native turned back to face Emmett and took a deep breath causing the blue eyes that were staring at him to fill with confusion. Until he leaned up to speak against the other's ear, "I'll go with you." "What?" "The trip this weekend, I want to go with you." Embry pulled back while Emmett watched him closely before he spoke. "Ya sure?" "Yeah." Emmett gave a bright dimpled smile an leaned in to give his boyfriend a deep kiss, before Embry pulled back and gave him a smile. "Jake's been asking me about your brother all day." Emmett frowned, "Who Jasper? Didn't know he was Jacob's type." "No not him," Embry said as he rolled his eyes before nodding towards another seat at the table, "The other one." Rosalie was busy on her phone while Jasper sat with a book. Alice gave him an enthusiastic "hello" when Edward suddenly leaned forward while his eyes kept shooting glances to some other part of the cafeteria. "Oh," Emmett nodded his head as his eyes filled with realisation, "Him too huh." Embry paused to frown at Emmett, "What do you mean him too?" "Hey Embry, you're friends with Jacob Black right?" Embry's head snapped back towards Edward and his eyebrows knit together in thought, "Yeah, best friends. Why?" "Well," the bronze haired boy leaned in a bit and as he spoke, "Does he ask about me?" Embry gave a sigh. Here we go again. End A/N: yeah lame little drabble thing I did real quick. Hope you liked it Please review.