at the blonde while she just grinned when Carlisle spoke and made Jacob wish he was dead. "I should probably check you for venom exposure. Plus we have no idea what effects vampire sperm has on shapeshifters, it could be quite fascinating to find out. But other than that I should probably check you for any rectal tearing." The doctor said thoughtfully and Rosalie burst out in laughing. The blonde practically fell to the floor as the giggles rocked through her body the doctor shook his head at her behaviour. Jacob was mortified, "That's O.K, I'm fine." "Are you sure?" "Positive." Jacob said quickly as he went down the stairs, when Rosalie suddenly called, "Jacob wait! Think about your rectum!" 'Kill me now! Kill me now! Kill me now!' "Rosalie." Carlisle scolded with a disapporoving frown while the girl just smiled, "What? I'm genuinely concerned." Jacob made it down the stairs with minimal effort but quite a bit of flinching as he continuously wished for his spontaneous explosion. The shifter almost sighed in relief when he saw the front door. Freedom, salvation, sanctua- oh fuck. The shifter froze at the two figures he could see headed for the glass door, the two looked up and stared right back at him in surprise. Before the larger one's eyes narrowed into a glare while the blonde just stared in confusion. Emmett threw the door open but Jasper caught it before it could slam into the wall and shatter into pieces while the larger vampire growled. "What the hell is a mutt doing in our house?" Jacob pulled his shoulder's back and growled as well, relieved at the familiar hostility he's used to around the cold ones when the tiny one with spikey hair destroyed all his hopes and dreams in one felt swoop. "He's our guest." Alice chirped as she suddenly appeared beside Jacob making Emmett frown in confusion while Jasper just watched on with interest. "A guest?" The blonde asked as Alice stepped forward to take Jacob's hand. "Yes a guest." The pixie looked up at Jacob with a bright smile making his glare falter as she pulled him towards the kitchen. "C'mon, Esme's made you breakfast. You must be starving after everything that happened last night." Jacob's blush returned full force and Emmett's frown deepened even more. "Wait a minute, what happened last night?" Alice stopped to tilt her head a bit as she spoke. "Well, Jacob needed a ride home after the party that Stanley girl had last night and-" "And Edward gave him a ride all night long." Jacob sighed in defeat as he glared down at the ground, honestly there's no way he could be anymore embarrassed than he already is. So what's the point? The shifter tried to ignore the way his cheeks practically turned to lava when Emmett and Jasper both leaned forward to smell him. The larger vampire gaped while Jasper gave him a sympathetic smile at his embarrassment. "Well damn." Emmett said just as Rosalie walked over to stand beside him and he looked the shifter over taking in the marks he had all over him only just noticing how the teen was basically drenched in Edwards scent. "Someone got a little carried away." "You should see Edward's room. It looks like a hurricane went through there." "Hurricane Jacob?" "Hurricane Edward, unfortunately Jake-pup doesn't want Carlisle to examine the damage he did. Who knows what kind of damage is left on him." "Bite marks?" "Rectal marks." Rosalie said with a solemn nod before the two snickered and Alice frowned at them, "Oh that's enough you two, you're making him blush." Emmett bit his lip and Rosalie looked away, Jacob took one more deep breath. "Can I please go home so I can die now." "But you can't go Jacob." Alice whined with wide eyes, "Esme never gets to cook for anyone and she was so excited when I told her that you spent the night." "I can't eat anything." Jacob said as he shook his head and turned towards the door, he really couldn't. He was too traumatised to eat. "But Jacob-" Jacob didn't listen as he pushed passed Rosalie and Emmett and stomped out through the front door. Alice gave a sigh before she clicked her tongue in disapproval at the two. "Rosalie." The blonde just rolled her eyes while Jasper went to go stand beside her, "Is that why you had us all leave the house last night?" "Yes," Alice huffed as she leaned into her mate, "I just knew they would scare Jacob off if they were here when Edward brought him home." "Wait you knew this was going to happen?" Emmett asked in disbelief and Alice rolled her eyes. Meanwhile Jacob was outside, thanking every god in existence that he managed to get out of there, before cursing when he caught sight of Edward leaning against his precious volvo in the drive way. Stupid gods. "Good morning, pup." The telepath smirked and stepped forward when Jacob glared at him, "Are you sure you don't want to stay for breakfast? You look like you might need it." The shifter felt his blood boil and anger course through his veins and before he could stop himself, he phased. Clothes tearing in the wind as he leaped forward knocking the vampire down onto his back as he snarled viciously when- 'OH MY GOD!' 'Jake you didn't?!' 'Eww! Eww! Eww!' 'What the fuck man!' 'Oh fuck its so gross!' 'MAKE IT STOP! MAKE IT STOP!' 'MY MIND! I'VE BEEN SCARRED!' 'Jacob what the hell?!' The large russet wolf whimpered in embarrassment, ears going flat against it's head while it's tail moved in between it's hind legs. Oh God, when will it end?! And on top of that, his stomach chooses that exact moment to growl. "So." Jacob looked back down at Edward to find a wide grin on the vampire's face as he spoke, "Breakfast?" 'I hate you.' The end A/N: Please review