the bronze haired man behind his own reflection in the mirror as he fussed over his hair, trying to figure out which way would look best for a date with Bella and her bloodsucking boyfriend. "Because Bella said her leech is a mind reader, it's already hard enough as it is trying to keep the pack from finding out about you when I phase, it'll be twice as hard trying to do it with a mind reading vampire while you're right there with me." Tony gave a sigh as he fell back on the bed, not making it stir so much as an inch as he stared up at the ceiling, "Why do you even have to go meet her boyfriend anyway? She's finally out of our hair, can't we just move on and pretend like she never existed?" "I can't because she's my best friend, no matter how much you hate her I still want to be around her." Jacob said after an exasperated sigh. "Why?" Tony asked as he pushed himself up on his elbows. "She's so clumsy the girl can barely take three steps without falling all over herself. You could do so much better than her, Jacob." "You know I don't like Bella that way anymore, so that isn't what this is about." "Then what is this about?" Jacob turned around and folded his arms across his chest to stare at the ghost on his bed, "It's about saving my best friend from an eternity of hell, Bella doesn't know what she's getting herself in for. She's trapped under whatever spell the bloodsucker put her under." "Well why do you have to be the one who saves her?" Tony asked with a pout and Jacob just rolled his eyes as he snatched his jacket off the end of the bed. "Because no one else can." Jacob gasped when Tony was suddenly right there beside him and he felt cold shivers run all along his heated skin as the ghost seemed to lean into him. "Jacob don't go." The shifter forced back a moan as he felt Tony's hands drift across his skin in air like sweeps, "I can't stay, Tony let go." The ghost sighed as he pulled away and Jacob let out a sigh of relief as he tugged his jacket on and made to leave the room. He hates it when Tony does that, not because he doesn't like it but because it could never be anything more than a whisper of a touch and really he can't deal with being teased that way. He wants more and he knows that Tony does too, but it's impossible with him being what he is. Jacob thinks its just better if they keep the touching to a minimal. "I'll be back later O.K?" Tony folded his arms over his chest and gave an almost infant like pout as he turned back and fell on the bed, "Fine." "Don't follow me." "I won't." Jacob paused by the door and narrowed his eyes down at the ghost, "I'm serious Tony." "I won't follow you." Jacob just rolled his eyes and left the room, soundly locking the door behind him. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Jacob parked the brown rabbit in the drive way of the Swan house and took a deep breath as he prepared for lunch with evil. It doesn't matter how much Bella insists that Edward and his family wasn't like Laurent an the other's Jacob didn't believe her. A vampire's a vampire. Their killers, always have been always will be. Just cause these ones that claim to only feed on animals doesn't mean that their any less dangerous than the others. Bella's being naïve but Jacob knows that Bella is naturally trusting. She tries to see the best in people and that's exactly why Jacob has to save her from making the biggest mistake of her life. After one more deep breath of clean bloodsucker free air, Jacob opened the door to his car and climbed out before slamming the door and walking up to the house. It was strange though. He could see the leeches car right there in the driveway, reeking of leech but there was another scent under that one all around the car, one that actually smelled kind of nice. Jacob knew that it wasn't Bella's scent, but that didn't make it any less inviting. The shifter could smell the scent lead all the way to Bella's house and he briefly wondered if one of Bella's friends from school was there as well when he stopped and gave the door three knocks. After a few seconds the door opened and Jacob smiled as he looked down at his best friend who smiled back as she threw her arms around him and gave him a hug. "Jacob, it's so good to see you." "It's good to see you too Bells." The girl pulled away with a grin as she spoke, "I swear you get bigger every time I see you." Jacob blushed as he rubbed the back of his neck, "Or maybe you're just getting smaller." Bella clicked her tongue at him as she playfully punched his arm when the girl reached out to take his arm and pulled him inside. Jacob let the girl lead him into the kitchen where a figure stood by the kitchen window with his hands in his pockets staring looking up just in time to catch the shifter's shocked expression. "Edward this is Jacob Black." The vampire pushed off the counter and stepped forward but frowned in confusion when all the shifter did in return was gape and stare. The same hair, the same face, the only real difference was in their eyes but other than that this guy, this vampire looks just like- "Jacob this is-" "Tony?" A/N: so tell me what you think There's going to be a couple of flashbacks in between to when Jacob was younger but otherwise this one shouldn't be too long. Please review