over his bed and his back arched up as he let out a long moan. Bright hazel eyes went wide when Seth suddenly turned around onto his stomach and he brushed back the longs strands of hair that fell over his face, exposing a single diamond stud on the boy's ear. Jasper remembers Alice mention something about that earring causing quite the row when mrs. Clearwater found out about it, although at the moment Jasper couldn't help but think that it suited Seth, it actually made him look kind of- Jasper was suddenly ripped from his thoughts when Seth got up on his hands and knees and started crawling over the bed. "Well, you're almost eighteen and I'm fourteen. So would you make a move on me if you liked me?" "Well, I-... No." "Why not?" Seth asked as his eyes narrowed down on the blonde as he kept moving forward, "You said it's O.K for Alice and Leah." Jasper pushed his chair back until the back hit his desk while Seth just kept moving closer with a sensual smile on his face that somehow made the blonde's heart beat a little faster. "Cause-" "Cause sex for minors under the age of sixteen is illegal?" Seth smirked when Jasper's eyes went wide and he slipped off the end of the bed. "If you tease me tonight If you sleaze me all right If you appease me tonight And let me ease you Cradle of love" The song ended just as Seth walked over to stand right in front of Jasper's chair only for the song to start over a few seconds later. Damn auto reverse! "Well rock the cradle of love" "Do you like me Jasper?" Seth practically purred out as he put his hands on the arm rests of Jasper's chair and leaned forward, prompting the older teen to lie back as far as his chair would allow. "Because I like you." "Seth, I really don't think you should-" the blonde was cut off when Seth suddenly moved and sat right in his lap, making Jasper bite back a squeak and try to squirm back in his chair while the boy put both his hands on either side of the chairs back rest. Before Jasper could attempt another protest, Seth moved again and he pressed his lips against Jasper's in a deep kiss. Jasper froze as Seth let out a moan and pressed his body down against him and the blonde's hands clenched tight around his arm rests fighting back against the urge to kiss back and wrap his arms around the boy's body. The quiluete's hands slid down to wrap around Jasper's neck and pull him closer and an involuntary moan escaped Jasper's throat as the urge to touch the heated body pressed against him became unbearable when fate decided to give the blonde a break. But just this one time. "Jasper? Jasper why is the music so loud?" Seth pulled away at the sound of Esme's voice and went to sit on the bed while Jasper sat panting in his chair with his hands still clutched around the arm rests of his chair. "Jasper-" Esme appeared in the door and her eyes widened in surprise for a moment when she caught sight of Seth sitting on the bed. "Seth, well hello dear. I didn't know you were going to be here." "Hi mrs. Cullen," Seth said with a warm smile, "Soccer practice got cancelled so Leah brought me with her." "Oh, well." Esme paused as her head gave a slight tilt and her lips pursed together in thought, "Why aren't you wearing a shirt?" "I spilled some soda on it so Alice put it in the wash." The boy said with an awkward laugh and Esme gave an understanding nod as her eyes ran over the room and she stepped inside. "Where's- Jasper are you alright?" The woman asked the moment she spotted her son, who sat panting in his chair as he stared out in front of him with wide eyes. The blonde gave a quick nod and swallowed as he spoke. "Ye-yes mom I'm fine." "Are you sure, your skin is flushed." Esme asked with concern as she reached out to put the back of her hand on Jasper's forehead and clicked her tongue in disapproval, "You're face is warm." "I'm sure." Jasper said as he quickly pushed himself up in his chair, moving so his mother wouldn't notice the bulge in his pants while Seth sat grinning a few feet away. "Well, alright. If you start feeling off, just tell me we wouldn't want you getting sick." Esme said as she turned towards Seth who's head quickly snapped up towards her as he ran a hand through his hair. "Where did Alice and Leah run off to?" "Oh, they went to go get some food." "McDonald's most likely." Esme let out a sigh, "In the mean time why don't we go downstairs so I can make us both something to eat. I couldn't stomach a thing all through dinner." "It's O.K mrs. Cullen, I don't mind waiting-" "Absolutely not, if I can stop at least one child from eating an unhealthy meal then that will be my good dead for the day." Esme grinned at the pout that fell over Seth's lips as she turned to leave the room. "Come on, I'm starving." "O.K." Seth said as he got up off the bed but not without giving Jasper a wicked grin. "Later Jazz." "Oh and Jasper please turn that music down, I wasn't even aware that you knew who Billy Idol was let alone that you liked that song." Esme called just as the door closed and Jasper fell back into his chair as he cursed Edward and made detailed plans on exactly how he'd destroy this damn tape. "Sent from heaven above that's right To rob the cradle of love" The End A/N: I really like pushy Seth for some reason. Please review