now. They're going to turn her so she can stay with them forever. She said she saw Rachel in bed with that male vampire Alec while the female Jane lied next to her running her hands all over-" "Shut up." Paul whispered as rage and heartache both fought to break out to the surface. "Apparently Rach' is happier with them than she ever was with you. Happier than you could ever hope to make her. Good thing she dumped you, huh?" "Leah thats-" "Oh yeah, we talked about Kim too." Leah interrupted Jared as her eyes fixed on him, "I'd be careful Jared, ignoring her again might not be the best thing to do." Jared's eyes widened a fraction and he almost took a step back just as Leah's eyes moved to Sam, "You know what else? Alice and I talked about Emily too-" "Leah that's enough!" Sam snapped as he glared at Leah while the shifter just glared right back. "What's wrong Sam, I thought it's your business to know everything when you're in a pack." Sam stayed silent for a minute as rage practically rolled off of him in waves while the others stayed completely silent. "Get to the truck. We're leaving." Leah rolled her eyes as she walked out the front door while the others followed and Sam looked back to find the vampire Leah was talking to watching the whole thing just before she was suddenly gone and he followed his pack to the truck. After unlocking the doors Sam held the passenger door open for Leah despite his lingering anger but the shifter just scoffed as she glanced at the door before getting in the back and sitting in the bed of the truck. "I'll sit in the back. Jared and Paul can sit up front if they want." Sam gave a growl as he stomped over to the drivers side as everyone climbed in, with Jared and Paul suddenly completely silent before the engine roared to life and the truck moved speeding off to La Push. Embry and Quil sat on the left side of the truck while Seth and Leah sat on the other. Embry and Quil both sat glaring at the girl causing her to snap. "What?!" "That was uncalled for Leah, even for you." Embry said as he leaned forward so he wouldn't have to shout over the rushing breeze. "What you said to Paul and Jared was-" "Oh stop whining." Leah hissed as she cut Quil off returning their glare, "If I hadn't done something Sam would still be interrogating us and then we'd all be screwed." "Leah-" "Look, Alice said that Jacob's going to make the elders rewrite the treaty in exchange for funding La Push. All we have to do is keep quiet until the treaty is revised and Sam won't be able to do anything to us once we tell him about them." Embry frowned, "That doesn't make what you did right Leah. Is what you said about Rachel even true?" Leah gave a snort, "No, apparently they like her but Rachel hasn't noticed yet. And the vision of them turning her is just a possibility, they weren't doing anything in the vision either, just sitting in some cafe in Italy. Alice says it's too soon to tell if it'll come true or not plus there's still another possibility that she might go back to Paul and Jake's against her being turned so..." "That's cruel Leah." Seth frowned at his sister and the girl just rolled her eyes. "It got Sam off our backs didn't it. You get to see your imprint, you get to fawn over barbie and you can still hang out with doctor emo." Leah said as her eyes moved from Embry to Quil to Seth. "Suck it up and just hold out till the new treaty is signed, once that's over with I'll tell Paul the truth." Quil frowned at her and folded his arms across his chest, "What about Jared?" "What about him?" "Aren't you going to tell him the truth about Kim?" "There's no truth to tell." Leah shrugged as she leaned her head over the side of the truck and her face caught in the breeze making her shut her eyes as the cold made her think of Alice. Seth sent a worried glance over to Jared whom he could see through the small window in the back of the cabin in the truck. Seth reached out and tapped Leah's shoulder making the girl look up at him. "What?" "What about Emily?" Leah tensed, "What about her?" "What were you going to tell Sam before he stopped you?" Seth asked curiously and Leah just stared back blankly at her brother before reaching into her pocket and pulling out her engagement ring. The others watched as she stared at the silver diamond gem and Embry caught Sam glancing at her through the rear view mirror as well when Leah let out a deep breath and tossed the ring over her shoulder and into the brush that they drove by. Quil, Embry and Seth stared in shock while Sam's eyes had widened to almost comical proportions making him sway a bit on the road before he righted himself and ignored the questioning gazes from Jared and Paul. "Nothing he doesn't already know." Leah said as she leaned her head back again and shut her eyes as the breeze danced like ice cold yet surprisingly soft lips across her skin. The End. A/N: yay I just really wanted to write a vampire brothel story with Jacob as like sort of the pimp with an EmnEm make-out scene in it. So I did. Although it didn't come out completely how I'd planned. But I'm happy with it. I kept the Rosalie x Quil short cause I figured he wouldn't suddenly progress with a stranger since he's a father now and that really wouldn't be responsible now would it. Anyway... So like, review and stuff.