door and into the bathroom I had seen earlier. I leaned against the wall for a moment, the voice had been a man, he looked almost twenty but had a backpack over his shoulder I guessed he was a student, a senior most likely. He was tall, dark skinned, his black hair was crudely cropped short but he was handsome, unbelievably handsome. I decided I better get back, I started to sing You Belong with Me, in my head by Taylor Swift, I didn't want daddy seeing that I had broken any rules. I rushed into the cafeteria and every student looked at me, I blushed and quickly ran to my families table and sat. "Well that was embarrassing." I muttered. "I know!" Uncle Jasper laughed, I touched his hand, replaying the scandal he had done just hours after we got here, he was ripping off the heels from Aunt Rosalie's shoes, dad laughed and Uncle Jasper's grin slid right off his face. "You know Renesme blackmail isn't nice." He grumbled. "Here." My mom tossed me an apple and I bite into it, wrinkling my nose. "Can we hunt tonight?" I whispered. "Liking food less and less aren't we?" Uncle Emmett teased, Aunt Rosalie punched him, "Leave her alone!" Aunt Rosalie winked as I devoured the apple. The bell rang and I stood. "Come on Renesme we have P.E." Uncle Emmett laughed and smacked my back I stumbled forward. "You're going to break my back." I teased, he rolled his eyes. I followed Aunt Rosalie into the dressing room and sat next to her as she pretended to file her nails, she never did, they were perfect anyways and they would never grow back if she did. The other girls pilled in and tried out there new combinations for the lockers, we didn't bother, locker were easy at least that's what Rosalie said. "Into the gym ladies, we start dressing out tomorrow!" A coach yelled and we were the first out the door and into the large gym, Emmett rushed over to us. "Rosalie you are not going to believe who is here." He said quietly, I looked where they were to see the man from the music room. "I have to go." I said and turned quickly, Aunt Rosalie grabbed my shoulder. "You can't ditch the first day." She whined and to my horror the man started to come towards us, Aunt Rosalie sat on the bleachers next to Uncle Emmett, she growled as the man stopped in front of me, he was so tall, standing a good five inches taller than me. "I'm sorry I scared you in the music room." He smiled. "I dint think I was allowed in there." I said softly, his voice was husky and welcoming. "You're most likely right, not that I care… I was messing with stuff backstage too." He winked, so he was breaking rules too, I relaxed. I nodded, unsure what to do next. "I'm Jacob, Jacob Black." He smiled. "Renesme Cullen."I answered. "That's quite a mouthful Renesme." He smiled, my eyes widened why did my name sound so much better when he said it? "I know! My mom is the only one with a short name." I cursed my stupidity, "Actually my sisters have short names too, Alice, Bella, along with my mom, Esme, but my sister Bella is the most normal of them all." I quickly recovered, Emmett clapped and I glared at him. "This is my annoying brother Emmett and my sister Rosalie." I introduced them, he waved and winked at him and I rolled my eyes feeling I was being left out of an inside joke. "Were all adopted, my father is the new doctor in town." I explained, as the bell rang. "I'll see you around." I smiled; he hesitated and nodded as Aunt Rosalie dragged me out of the gym. "What is it?" I demanded? "We have to find Edward… now!" Well there is the first chapter… the next one starts with Jacobs POV of the music room and then skips ahead to Renesme's POV after gym, so yea gets confusing… lol. So you can't understand how hard it is to remember to put uncle and aunt before names so if I forget then I'm sorry, I'm trying. I lived in Nova Scotia Halifax so I am very aware of the fact that it is not always rainy like forks, but in the winter you barley ever see the sun and its always cloudy… so for any who have been there or live there (which I am jealous you do cause I miss it) don't tell me it's not always rainy for the sake of the story it is, and I can describe it so much better since I lived there and as for the amount of students that's really how many went to my school, it was a small town once apon a time… its grown so much! So review and tell me how you liked it… I am NOT a Jacob fan, I don't hate him like some do, he was a stupid boy but technically he is 23 since its seven years after Breaking Dawn… so he is mature and won't be so… in your face like he was in New Moon with the whole forcing Bella to kiss him, I always liked him just not with Bella I hoped he would imprint… I was weirded out that he imprinted on her daughter but whatever. I also am not a fan of the IDEA of Renesme but I like her character, I think it was stupid of Bella to have some half human half vampire freak, BD for me was another fanfic that I read hundreds of times before, I get BD mixed up with FanFics all the time and that to me is sad… so yea now that I voiced my opinion (I'll be really surprised if anyone actually read this far in to my AN…) you can go REWEIW!