a person besides their appearance. But to be referred as something such as marvelous by a man who could easily rival the looks of Adonis just felt ridiculous. "Thank you. Where are you from?" "Many different places, I've traveled most of my life with my brothers." "There are more that look like you?" The question came out without my permission and I blushed, clamping my mouth shut. "We all have different appearances, but we do share some features," he smiled at my blunder. "We've been in the area for a few years now." "Cullen?" the name rang a bell. "I believe my sister has made mention of your family." Maybe that's why he felt familiar, I know that Annalise, Elizabeth and other women have spoken about the Cullen brothers. I mocked and laughed at them all as they spoke of the men and their looks, but here I was, no better than the lot of them. I snapped from my stupor, I wasn't going to behave like the other girls, no matter how handsome Carlisle Cullen was. "You've read this book?" I changed the topic altogether. "Yes, Dracula is quite a tale. But I must warn you, it isn't for the faint of heart." "Well in that case, I will read it," I accepted the challenge. "Young lady or not, I am an avid reader and I like taking on new ventures. What is it about?" He grinned. "Let's just say it's about a man and his drinking problems." "That doesn't sound too intriguing, but I will trust your judgment this once." "Allow me to purchase the book for you." "Nonsense, there is no need to do that." "There is, I frightened you and it is my way of apologizing," he insisted. "All is forgiven, I wouldn't feel right allowing someone I just met to purchase a book for me." "My dearest Adeline, I be would honored to purchase this book for you and I will not give up until you allow me to do so." I saw the determination in his eyes, he held out his hand for me to hand over the book and I gave one last hesitation before I gave the book to him. He gave another grin of satisfaction. "Shall we walk together to the register?" Carlisle gestured for me walk by his side and I did with glee. I replied with a smile and we moved to the front of the store, Carlisle handed the book to Mr. Thomson. "I would like to purchase this for the young woman." "Bram Stoker," Mr. Thomson examined the book. "Be careful young lady, this one might leave you with nightmares." I arched an eyebrow and looked at Carlisle. "Something tells me this book is much more than a man's drinking problem." "Well there's only way to find out now," Carlisle paid Mr. Thomson and handed the book back to me. "Think of me while you read it." I gulped, I could tell him that I didn't need to a book for me to have him in my thoughts. I waved goodbye to Mr. Thomson, who seemed to have a watchful eye on Carlisle. "I must ask you a question," Carlisle turned to face me. "Will you be attending the Courting Ball at the end of this week?" "Yes, I will be in attendance," I said not looking forward to it. "Adeline!" my sister's voice yelled from behind me. "I should have known you were in that dreadful bookstore! We have to go, we still need shoes for the ball." Annalise hadn't noticed Carlisle who seemed amused by Annalise's urgency and my look of annoyance. "This must be the sister that you mentioned earlier," Carlisle spoke up and Annalise moved her attention to him, her eyes widening in realization. "Mr. Cullen," the pitch in her voice raising. "How nice to meet you." He took her hand and kissed it. "And what a pleasure it is to meet yet another elegant beauty from the Beaudreau household." She giggled and I rolled my eyes, but then I reminded myself of my initial reaction of seeing Carlisle and decided not to be so judgmental of my sister. "I was just asking your sister if she would attending the Courting Ball." "Yes, yes she will and trust me when I say she will look exquisite!" Annalise had enough excitement for the both of us. "I have no doubt that she will look nothing less than stunning. I look forward to seeing you enrapture every man in attendance." My blush betrayed me once more. "So that means you will be there?" I inquired. "Yes, I will be participating in the ball, I'd be a fool to miss it." "Then I shall see you once again," I smiled at Carlisle, who reached down and took my hand. His touch was very cold, but my body heat rose nonetheless as he carried my hand to his lips. Once his lips were pressed against my skin, they seemed to linger for a moment, while his eyes locked onto mine. He returned my hand to me, my skin still tingling from his touch. "It was nice meeting you Carlisle, I can't thank you enough for the book. You must let me repay you." "Save a dance for me for Friday evening, I will call that your repayment. I must be on my way now, I'm sure my brother is wondering where I am." With a final bow of his head Carlisle Cullen departed from our presence, leaving with realization of why Elizabeth and Annalise seemed to have nothing but men to speak on. When there were specimen like Carlisle it was hard to think anything else. For this chapter I switched the times a lot, but I thought it was needed for the set-up, so I apologize if it was confusing or frustrating to you. I love comments and thoughts, so please feel free to tell me. Thanks for your time! The next chapter should be available.