deep breath of his scent, "Not just in your body but in your heart as well. Am I that man Jake?" Jacob moaned at the feeling of having Edward's cold arms wrapped around him and he wrapped his arms around the vampire's neck in return as he dragged his own nose up Edwards jaw to scent him and his lust spiked at the scent and cool hard skin that surrounded him. Maybe it was the imprint already starting to work, or maybe Jacob and Edward were both just losing their minds, either way the shifter couldn't help but answer. "Only you baby." Edward laughed as he turned his head to look into Jacob's eyes, "Remind me to thank the pack later." "Remind me to thank Shorty and Barbie," Jacob gave a breathy chuckle before he suddenly blushed, "So four hours huh." "That's how long my siblings last." Edward said with a smirk as he finished, "I can go for six." Jacob shivered at the words whispered against his ear, "Promise?" "Definitely but first, tell me," The telepath turned and to lay the shift down on the ground beneath him as he asked, "Do you want me Jakey?" "Yes," Jacob groaned as Edward's hands started running all along his chest and he arched into the touch when a thought suddenly came to mind and he couldn't help but smirk as he whispered, "I'm so hot, please make me better… Daddy ." Edward almost froze before a hiss erupted from his chest and Jacob almost regretted what he said when the telepath suddenly moved right off the ground away from the treaty line and Jacob gasped when his back hit the side of a tree, with his arms above his head just before Edwards mouth covered his own in a deep kiss. And somewhere in the back of both Edward and Jacob's minds they knew they were forgetting something, but then Jacob moaned and Edward growled and they really couldn't remember their own names let alone whatever it is that they had forgotten. It probably wasn't important anyway. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Bella wandered around the Cullen house with a slight frown to her features. Edward was supposed to pick her up two hours ago but he never showed so Bella went over to the house instead thinking that there might be something wrong, but when she got there she found Emmett, Rosalie, Jasper and Alice all sitting in the living room while Carlisle worked in his study and Esme cooked. Alice greeted her by the door she said that Edward had an errand to run and wouldn't be back till a bit later so Bella decided to just wait for him at the house. But that was two hours ago and Bella was getting incredibly bored. The other's seemed preoccupied with their own things and really didn't seem to bothered by Edward's absence so Bella knew that he was probably fine wherever he was so she decided to just wander around the house instead when she suddenly caught sight of Edward's phone on the dining room table just as the device gave a low buzz as it vibrated against the smooth wooden surface. Bella bit her lip as she stared at the phone before finally just giving up and grabbing it to turn on the screen. He's her mate after all; they don't have any secrets so this is fine right? As soon as Bella turned it on she found a text message from an unknown number Bella frowned a bit as she opened it, frowning a bit more since it was empty when she closed the message and caught sight of a conversation between Edward and… Jacob? Bella blinked again, wondering what on earth they would be talking about and she opened the conversation only for her eyes to go wide and her skin to pale two shades at what she read. Word for word, Bella could hardly believe what she was reading until she finally got to the bottom and realized exactly what Edwards errand was since the time he met with Jacob coincided with the time that Edward was meant to go pick her up. The girl's features suddenly flushed and she screamed with rage at the betrayal, before throwing Edward's phone against the wall and storming out of the house. Just as the human got into her truck and it quickly drove away, Alice emerged from the den and gave a sigh as she stared down at the shattered remains of Edward's phone when Rosalie suddenly popped up behind her shoulder and spoke in a voice so sweet Alice might have thought her to be concerned if she didn't know any better. "Oh my, what happened in here? Is Bella alright?" Alice turned to give her sister a disapproving frown, "You left it there for her to find and then texted Edward's phone didn't you?" Rosalie gasped in mock indignation, "Alice I would never-" "She had Emmett send the text." Jasper said as he walked by the two and Rosalie rolled her eyes while Alice shook her head as she spoke, "You are evil. What on earth are we going to tell Edward?" "Well, once he and Jacob emerge from wherever they disappeared to you can tell them that we did them a favor and that they're welcome." The blonde said as she turned around and walked back into the den to plop down onto the seat beside her mate. Emmett laughed and Alice just gave a sigh as she looked back down towards the shattered remains of the device on the floor. "I was talking about his phone." The End A/N: this came out a lot longer than it should have I'm seriously so surprised at how long this is, especially since it's so severely crack-ish. Daddy-kink is a new type of fan fiction kink I'm into these days, although I'm not totally sure about my execution. Anyway, if you stayed right up until the end then please review.