found them standing in front of a large wall length mirror. His eyes went wide when he saw no one but himself, looking like he was hugging air in the reflection. Edwards wasn't there and neither was the reflection of anyone else in the room. "Oh my-" "Don't we make a lovely couple?" Edward teased with a wistful smile before moving forward. With Jacob's wide eyes staring back at the vampire just as he removed his mask and tossed it aside before slipping off the wolf's mask along with the tie holding his hair in place. "I've been waiting centuries to find you Jacob." Edward said as his eyes slipped into heartache while one of his arms went around Jacob's waist and the other went around the wolf's neck beneath his hair. "I've been so terribly lonely, going year after year, decade after decade without the one who was meant to be my other half. Now, that I've found you. I refuse to let you go." The next moment Jacob let out a grunt of surprise when the vampire locked their lips in a kiss moving his lips against Jacob's and pulling a moan from the wolf's throat as the hand on his neck slipped into his hair. Jacob couldn't help but sigh as the vampire gained access to his mouth and the pleasurable feeling of the passionate kiss went straight to his head. Before he kissed back, making the concious decision to wrap his arms tighter around Edwards neck and letting out a low moan as he did. All while his blood raged with heat and his wolf seemed to whimper from some unknown cause. The vampire suddenly pulled away, making Jacob gasp as his head was pulled back and to the side to expose his neck and one of Jacob's hands slipped down across Edward's chest, his eyes widened for a moment as he noticed a silver diamond wedding band that wasn't there before. "You have no heartbeat." "Perhaps it just needs to be rekindled." Edward breathed as he pulled back and Jacob watched in strange fascination as the vampire threw his head back, his jaw unhinged and elongated while his eyes flashed gold and sharp fangs grew in his mouth. In that brief moment Jacob almost hoped that Edward would do it, that the vampire would take away the pain and make them be together forever. But that's not what happened next. Although Jacob isn't really sure what happened next. He heard a howl and vicious growling, he felt Edward pull him up against his chest before loud crashes and screaming rang all around the room, before everything suddenly started moving in a blur. Air rushed passed his face ruffling his hair and making him feel dizzy until he suddenly wasn't moving anymore. "Jacob! Jake, c'mon man snap out of it!" Jacobs shook his head and groaned as the fog that clouded his mind suddenly lifted. The wolf opened his eyes and they started darting around him to find Paul in front of him while Sam, Leah, Jared and Embry stood panting all around him. Bloody and bruised as they tried to stay on their feet. "Fuck what happened?!" "We had to force our transformations to get you outta there." Paul said seemingly oblivious to the cut bleeding out over his forehead. And Jacob lifted a hand to rake through his hair when the cold metal feeling around his finger caught his attention and he quickly pulled off the ring and threw it in some other corner of the forest. "We need to get out of here." Sam said as he and Jared braced themselves against each other while Embry and Leah did the same and Jacob moved to slide his arm around Paul's shoulders when a voice suddenly echoed around them. "Jacob." The wolves all tensed immediately moving to surround Jacob in a bruised and battered protective barrier. "Where are you my sweet wolf? I know you're here somewhere." Sam and Leah both growled, ready to force another transformation if they had to. "Don't you remember when I said I'd take away the pain. Don't you want to be happy Jacob?" Jacob took a deep breath trying to steady his nerves and calm his wolf which had started whining in his chest again. "You're mine Jacob, nothing Sam or the rest of your pack does will ever change that. I will have you, before the full moon rises . You'll be where you belong, right by my side." Jacob shivered at the threat that was given, "Mark my words sweet wolf, you and I will be together forever." The pack stayed silent as their eyes quickly scanned their surroundings, they sniffed the air and found the stench of undead faded a bit. Meaning the vampire had left. "We need to move." Sam said as he looked over the pack before his eyes fixed on Jacob, "I told you to stay away from the Cullens and you disobeyed me! What the hell were you thinking Jacob?! Don't tell me you did it for Bella. Because then that means that fucking girl led you to your death!" Jacob shrank back in submission at his alpha's command, "You will never go near her again, is that clear?" Jacob looked down at the ground as Edwards word came back to him. "You don't need to worry about that, Isabella Swan doesn't exist as far as I'm concerned." The pack's eyes widened a bit at that, wondering where this sudden change of heart came from when Jacob had been ready to die for Bella a few days ago, but no one made a comment. Leah stepped up to shoulder Sam while Paul walked with Jared and Embry gave Jacob a sympathetic smile as Jacob slipped his arm around his friends shoulders. All while ignoring the tug that kept pulling him back the way they came. The End A/N: open ending, but I like it. hope you liked it too Please review.