go through the rest of my life waiting on my girl to come back to me. No. I need to go get her and keep her forever. A plan is forming in my head as I pull my phone out of my pocket and dial a number. "Hey, Dad. Have you got time to come down here this week? I need grand-mum's ring." BPOV I try not to let my mind wander as I stuff my face with pasta. So what if he's late for our daily Skype call? People are always late to things. He's probably just running behind schedule or something. Maybe he forgot to go to the grocery store again, and he has to go buy food. Or maybe he ditched you , an ugly bitch that's stationed in the very back of my mind bellows. Edward will never do that to me. Uh huh. Men will always be men, Bella. He's probably late 'cause he was too busy fucking some whore's ass. I growl at the bitch. Fuck you. Shut up! You're just pissed 'cause I'm right. I huff and drown out my nagging conscience by blasting 'Lithium' from Charlie's player. I manage to pull together mac n' cheese (from the box) and dump in marinara sauce to be make it edible. I'm usually a better cook than this, I promise. I just have a few things on my mind, so food, right now, is a necessity, not an indulgence. Charlie is supposed to be released in five days. According to Aro, he's doing extremely well under the circumstances. Everything should go perfectly, and the chief will be healed in no time. Even with the assurance, I can't help but worry. What-ifs cloud my mind if I don't stop them, and my thoughts go on horrible tangents. But I know it won't be like that. I trust Aro with my father's life. I place the used dishes in the sink, suddenly fatigued. It's a feeling of exhaustion that descends upon you quickly, drags you down until you give up and give in. It's like the entire week's…load jumps on your shoulder without notice. I cover my mouth as I yawn. I decide to take a quick nap on the couch. It's not like I'm going to get any actual sleep. I make myself comfortable, a throw covering my body, the sofa's arm as a pillow, and fall asleep to the pitter-patter of raindrops on my roof. I jolt awake after a particularly loud thunder clap before realizing that I'm not strolling the clouds with Zeus. I groan a little as I try to go back to sleep. It was such a nice dream... DING-DONG That is not thunder. Holy shit. I grab the nearest weapon—my remote control—and stand down. I flinch when I hear the doorbell ring again. Who the hell would be outside the chief's house at this ungodly hour? I glance through the peep-hole before swinging my front door open, disbelief overwhelming me. Edward? My gorgeous, messy-haired, pale-skinned, scruffy boyfriend from Scotland grins at me. "Sure took you long enough." "Uh—you, um, I...uhmm...what?" Way to go, Swan. He grins and pulls me into a tight hug. "I've missed ya so much, babe. It's crazy," he whispers against my shoulder. "You're here. You're really here. How?" I bury my face in the crook of his neck, my arms tight around him. He's here. He chuckles. "I got a ride here on a dolphin, love." His silly words only bring more tears to my eyes. I pull back and glance into the green eyes that I've longed for. "I missed you. There wasn't a day I went without thinking about you." I reach up to press my lips against his, to feel him. "Me neither. I've realized something in the past few days." "What?" "You're my home. Somehow, in the past few months, you've become my life. You mean the world to me, Bella Swan...and I don't want to live without my life for another second." "I...I-uh..." Genius-Bella strikes again. My saucer-like eyes widen even further as he sinks...to one knee. "Isabella Swan, I promise to love you forever—every single moment of forever. Will you marry me?" . . . "Bella?" Somewhere in the back of my mind, in the still coherent part of it, I notice Edward moving...frowning. "WAIT!" I react without thinking. Edward stops, conflicting emotions on his face, but I can see the hurt seeping into his eyes. "Yes." "Yes?" He stares at me, and I see in his beaming face how important this moment is for him. " Yes. " EPOV She's in my arms, filling them in an instant. On her father's front step, I kiss my new fiancée. The world seems so much better than it did just ten seconds ago. She's mine. I'm hers. That in itself is everything. "What are we going to do?" There's still a smile on her face, but the worry is evident as well. "I mean, you love Scotland, and, for right now at least, my dad needs me here." "Shhh." I pepper her face in kisses, a little overwhelmed with how much I love her and how unprepared I am to talk about being apart from her. I'll put it off for as long as possible. "We'll figure it out, Bella. I'll leave Scotland if I have to. It doesn't matter. You're home now, Bella. You're my best friend, my other half. It doesn't matter about anything else. I love you, Bella Swan." "I love you, Edward Cullen." We stumble our way into the house, talking about everything and nothing. I know we still have hurdles to tackle, but we'll take care of them later. I'm home, and that's all that matters. Hosts' note: Please support this author with a review! Remember not to hint at the author's identity, should you happen to know it, as this will lead to disqualification. Thank you for reading! Voting for the contest opens on November 30th.