wonder if this change in the shifter was the imprints doing and he immediately began to worry as to why Jacob suddenly decided to show up at school of all places. The telepath moved closer and tried to get a read on Jacob's thoughts but they were guarded and Edward couldn't get much other than the fact that Jacob thought it was nice to see Bella again. "Hey Bells, long time no see." Jacob said as he pulled back and Bella frowned, "Yeah and whose fault was that?" "We've talked on the phone." "Yeah but you always seem so distracted and we haven't hung out in such a long time." Bella sighed, "I wanted to talk about what happened, the last time with-" "It's fine, don't worry about it." Jacob said easily when his eyes darted up towards the telepath and an indefinable look came onto his face, "You don't need to apologize." "Really?" "Yeah really," Jacob said looking the telepath right in the eye when he spoke, despite the fact that he was talking to Bella, "You made your choice and I've made peace with it. I've moved on." Edward felt something in his chest tug at that while Bella gave a strained smile as she looked up at Jacob, "You have?" "Yeah," Jacob said as he returned his gaze to the girl, "I imprinted." Edward froze. "T-That's great, Jake. I'm so happy for you." Bella said moving in for one more hug. "Wait is that why you're here, is it someone from Forks? Who is she?" the girl was tense, both Jacob and Edward could tell that she was worried that Jacob may have possibly imprinted on her. Jacob gave a snort as he let her go, "Don't worry, it's not you." "I wasn't-…" The girl started to flush, "It just would have complicated things if it were. So you didn't come here to see me?" "No," Jacob said looking Edward dead in the eye all over again and a feeling of dread washed over him until the shifter finished, "I didn't come here to see either of you." And suddenly Edward was confused, but Bella apparently felt the same way as the girl just frowned, "Then who-" "Jake? What are you doing here?" a voice suddenly called prompting all three to turn and find Eric Yorkie heading towards them. All at once Edwards mind was bombarded with thoughts from Jacob about nothing and no one except for Eric and the telepath's eyes went wide. A beaming smile broke out over Jacob's face and he ran up to meet the older teen, Bella's eyes went wide and Edward just stared when Jacob wrapped his arms around the shorter teen and gave him a deep kiss. Eric let out a yelp of surprise before he leaned into it with a moan before he suddenly remembered himself and pulled away when Mike let out a loud wolf whistle near the school's entrance and a few of the other students laughed. Eric pulled away and Jacob seemed to let out a growl of annoyance causing the teen to blush as he slowly eased himself out of Jacob's grasp. "I'm never going to hear the end of this." The teen sighed, "What are you doing here?" Jacob shrugged, "There's a bon fire on the rez tonight, some of the council members from the tribe want to meet you so I figured I could come pick you up early and we could spend some time together just the two of us." "You could've given me a little warning." "I wanted to surprise you." Eric sighed, "Fine, it's probably a good thing that I didn't drive to school today, huh?" "Ready to go?" Jacob asked and Eric nodded as the shifter led him back to the bike where Bella and Edward still stood. "Uh, Jake?" The girl asked and Jacob felt himself start to flush before Edward spoke, "He's your imprint." "They know?" Eric blushed and Jacob just met Edward's gaze as he spoke, "The council says that sometimes when some bonds are corrupted by unnatural elements new ones can be formed. Yeah he's my imprint but, Eric makes me happy, that's all that really matters." ' You should be happy too; I won't be in your way anymore' "Oh, well that's great Jake, I'm happy for both of you." Bella said and Eric gave a slightly embarrassed smile. "Thanks Bella." "We should go." Jacob said as he tugged at Eric's side and the human rolled his eyes, "You're so impatient." "You weren't complaining about it on Monday when I-" Eric quickly reached up to cover Jacob's mouth, Bella giggled and Eric just sighed, "Let's go, right now." The shifter smirked as he handed Eric one of the helmets hanging off of the handlebars and put the jacket around the human's shoulders before pulling his own helmet over his head and they both climbed on before the bike roared to life. Edward and Bella just stood there as they watched them drive off until Bella let out a sigh, "Wow, who would've thought. But I guess its better this way. At least he can move on right? Edward?" The telepath didn't answer. His mind was stuck, as he tried to process what just happened. Caught on the words that Jacob gave him before he left. ' You should be happy too; I won't be in your way anymore.' Simple, to the point and yet somehow… Edward couldn't understand a thing. The end A/N: Yeah I'm a little sick of imprint fics where Jacob just always ends up with Edward (despite the fact that I'm always writing them *shrinks down in shame*) but this time I decided to do something a little different. I'm assuming that imprint fics like this have been done before. I haven't really read any Twilight fics lately so if anyone knows any stories where Jacob imprints on Edward but doesn't end up with him then let me know. Please review