and Paul just rolled his eyes as he leaned forward to press a kiss on his mates lips lingering a little to deepen it and the boy let out another sound of disgust. "We'll see how gross it is once you finally hit puberty." The boy frowned, "What's puberty?" "Nothing." Seth suddenly said as he walked into the hallway and grabbed a hold of the boy's shoulders, turning him around to steer him back towards the stairs. "Go play in your room until dinners ready." The boy turned and walked away without further comment and Seth glared as he folded his arms across his chest, "What did I say about traumatizing my kid?" He was older, but thanks to the shifter gene he didn't look too different from how he did eight years ago. Seth was taller a little bit leaner and his hair was longer but otherwise he still looked more or less the same. Despite the deep scars on his stomach and chest from the times that he gave birth. Demetri only seemed to laugh while Paul rolled his eyes, "Jake and Edward here yet?" Seth gave a sigh as he turned back and walked towards the kitchen where he was helping Esme get lunch ready, the motherly vampire only gave them a smile as she went buzzing around the kitchen and Seth shrugged as he sat down on one of the stools around the table, "They had to take a later flight, Jake wasn't feeling well." "Is he alright?" Seth gave a snort, "Morning sickness. Edward wanted to cancel but Jake wouldn't hear of it, they should be here in a couple of hours." "What about Rose and Em'?" Paul asked as he sat down and Demetri just sat down beside him as they watched the younger Quileute start chopping some onions. He didn't really care much for the comings and goings of the Cullen clan, so he barely paid attention. But Paul did. He liked to keep contact with his old pack brothers, it made him feel a little more human and Demetri could never deny his mate something he wanted. Especially since it took longer than anticipated for him to adjust to his change and they realized that he didn't really have much of a taste for animal blood. Then again, Paul was doing better than other members of the Olympic coven. "They'll be here tomorrow; they're just getting some stuff sorted out with Bella." Seth said with a sigh just before Esme spoke, "She's hasn't been doing too well since she came back. Carmen said that their trying to wean her back onto animal blood but it doesn't seem to be going too well." Bella did not take the annulment well. She tried, she tried very hard to understand and accept the twist of fate that suddenly changed the course of her life for what it was but it was incredibly difficult. Bella couldn't find it in herself to stay with them while Edward and Jacob were together. It hurt too much. So she left and tried to make it on her own, ran into a coven of nomads and started feeding on human blood. Things went downhill from there. "They need to teach her how to control her bloodlust," Demetri said as he wrapped an arm around Paul's shoulders, "Putting her back on animal blood won't help her now." "It's what Bella wants to do." Seth explained with another sigh, "Anyway, Alice and Embry just went out for a couple of hours, they should be back soon. She decided that Luka and Hannah don't have enough winter clothes so they went out to buy some." Paul chuckled, "She hasn't changed at all huh?" "Nope." The back door opened just then and Seth smiled just as Jasper walked into the kitchen, the empath grinned as he walked over and gave the younger man a kiss, unconsciously projecting warmth and happiness when Seth leaned up to return it only for Paul to give a scoff. "Who's being gross now?" Seth glared from the corner of his eye as he flipped the hybrid off, Demetri laughed just as Esme let out a soft giggle as she grabbed some plates off the counter and handed them to Paul. "Go on, make yourselves useful." "Aw but Esme-" "No buts, I'm going to go check on the kids." The hybrid gave a huff as he got up only for Demetri to give a snort as he took the plates from his mate, "I'll help you set them out." "I don't need any help setting out plates." "But you clearly want it." "Do you really have to argue with me about everything?" "Do you?" Seth gave a snort as they left the room, before letting out a sigh when Jasper went to stand behind him and wrapped his arms around the shifter's waist, with his head on the younger man's shoulder. "Does it hurt today?" Jasper asked softly as his hands traced along the scars on the shifters torso under his shirt and Seth took a deep breath as he leaned back, soaking up the vampire's cold skin before he spoke, "A little. Carlisle said that I should be O.K for a few more months and then-" "I don't want you in pain for that long." Jasper breathed out and Seth paused, "Does that mean you're finally going to do it?" "I don't want to. But I don't want to lose you either." "You know if you can't… Alice offered, she said she'd do it if we asked. She already has experience with Embry so-" "No." Jasper said seriously as he let go of the younger man to grasp his chin and tilt his head up for another kiss, "You're my mate, I'll turn you." "Are you sure?" Jasper smiled, "I almost lost you once. I'm not doing that again." The end A/N: finally! It's done. The ending feels a little awkward but I'm happy with it Please review .