tan skin both around four years old if she had to guess. "Bedtime." Jacob said as he brushed his fingers against the little girls cheek before giving a yawn himself and Edward grinned. "Up for three nights in a row, that's a new record." "Emmett's a bad influence." Edward gave a snort but didn't make any attempt to move the kids off his lap, "Alice called." "Yeah?" "Yeah, she's coming for a visit next week." Jacob looked up at the vampire and frowned, "She's bringing Bella again isn't she?" Edward sighed, "Alice says she has a mate now and things are different." "Different how?" The wolf demanded and Edward sank back into the couch, "I'm not-... You know you never complain like this when Demetri and Paul visit and they feed on humans." "Demetri and Paul don't try to get in your pants every time they see you." "You're overreacting." "Sure I am." Alice smiled. It was kind of cute. Although the comment on Paul feeding on humans may be a cause for concern. The vision faded out and Alice almost thought that it might be over when she suddenly saw herself. In the reflection of a stainless steel fridge. It looked like the kitchen they have in their house in England. She left the kitchen and made her way towards the living room where Seth lay sprawled out on the floor with his head on Jasper's lap. The boy smiled up at her as she sat down on the couch, before Jasper suddenly leaned down and pressed a kiss on the shifter's lips. Lingering for a brief moment and earning a wide grin in return. Alice started to hyper-ventilate, taking soft panting breaths while her hands clenched painfully in her lap. Jasper just locked his hands around hers, feeling utterly helpless. "What are we watching?" "I'm not sure," Alice answered with a shrug, "Rose is choosing tonight." "Again?" Seth whined while Jasper just gave a snort, "Why can't I choose this time?" "Because you picked the last three movies." A voice said just as a hand went down on Alice's shoulder and she saw herself look up at the figure and smile. "Hey." Alice's eyes cleared and she woke to realise that she was breathing hard with wide panicked eyes. "Alice. Alice what's wrong?" Alice just stared at Jasper when she felt calming waves wash over her and she let out one last heavy breath, but didn't speak as she continued to stare at her husband. The pixie tried to work through the vision, but there was just so much to go through. Edward and Jacob. Could they really be together? Would they be happier if they were together than if Edward married Bella, it seemed unlikely but she saw it. She saw them together and they just looked so right. But they aren't the only ones she needs to consider. Like Bella, how will she cope with Edward leaving her? From what she saw Alice doesn't think things go very well for the girl. Those kids she saw with Edward and Jacob, who were they? Where did they come from? What would happen to them in the future? Then there's Demetri and Paul, but Alice can't find it in herself to really wrap her mind around that one at the moment so the only ones left are Jasper and Seth. Did she really see what she thinks she saw? Does Jasper leave her? God, Alice couldn't understand it. What happened? How would it happen? What does she do? Alice wrapped her hands around Jasper's and held on tight as she stared into her husbands eyes. Watching them fill with even more concern. They've been together for years, her world revolves around Jasper, how could she ever possibly survive without him? According to the vision she does. Jasper is happy and so is Seth and from what she could tell she seemed comfortable enough with Jasper's display of affection when she was with them and then of course there's the other person she saw. The one who touched her shoulder. Whoever that was meant something important to her but she couldn't see who they were or why they were so important. Maybe things work out. Maybe she finds happiness without Jasper, but what if she doesn't? Visions can be misleading. The future could change at even the slightest disturbance so she couldn't be sure of anything she saw. What now? Alice looked up at Edward and Bella as they stood in front of the justice of the peace. They look so happy, they could have such a wonderful life together but... so could Edward and Jacob. Alice swallowed hard. The choice is hers. She's the trigger that makes Edward leave the wedding to find Jacob. So what does she do? Does she ruin Bella's wedding to give Jacob and Edward a chance, in turn possibly ruining her own marriage or does she sit still and watch as Edward quite possibly makes the biggest mistake of his life just so she can try and keep her husband. What does she do? "Darlin'?" Jasper asked and Alice was sure that her eyes would have filled with tears at the look he gave her when the justice of the peace suddenly spoke. "If anyone here has any reason why these two should not be wed. Let them speak now or forever hold their peace." "Alice?" Alice's hands clenched in her lap and she took a deep breath. The End A/N: yes, I am evil Nah, I just figured you guys could decide on your own as to how it ends. The beauty of the open ending. Anyway... Έχω ονειρευτεί σας Écho oneirefteí sas I am extremely unfamiliar with Greek, but Google translate says it means. "I dreamed of you." My apologies if its wrong, I just wanted to give a nudge to his Legacy. Spoiler alert; Paul and Demetri totally hook up. But that's beside the point, the point is... Please review