love. I wouldn't push him on this, even though I wanted him desperately. I knew when he was ready he'd let me know, and he did. The weekend came around again, and we'd gone out for dinner. A shared bottle of wine and weeks of sexual tension had us both feeling a bit desperate. Edward's hand crept up my thigh as I drove home, until he was cupping the bulge in my pants. "I want you, Gar." I groaned, gripping the wheel harder and willing our apartment to be nearer. "Jesus, Edward. Let me get us home in one piece, please." As soon as the door clicked shut behind us, Edward was on me, unbuttoning my shirt and pulling at my belt buckle. Our mouths met roughly as we pulled at one another's clothing. I put my hand on his bare chest, pushing him back a little. He looked at me in confusion. "Let's go to the bedroom before things go any further. If we're going to do this, I want to take my time and make it good for you." His gaze was heated. "It will be good for me. You're good for me." He climbed onto the bed, his eyes never leaving mine. I scooted up next to him, rubbing his chest and belly, pressing little kisses to his face and neck. "Are you ready, baby?" I smiled down at him, eager to experience this with him. "More than ready. Make love to me, Gar." Kissing him soundly on the lips, I reached into the nightstand drawer for the lubricant and condoms. "Relax, okay? And tell me if you want to slow down or stop." "Okay." There was no uncertainty in his expression, just love and desire. Sitting between his spread thighs, I warmed the lube in my hands and poured some on my fingers. He flinched when I first touched him, but soon the tension left his body as I gently rubbed and probed. With my other hand I slowly stroked his cock, his eyes closing with a whispered, "Oh..." I began to open him up, using one finger, then two when he was pushing into my hand. His groans and murmurs of my name had me hard and straining, wanting so badly to be inside him. Finally he choked out, "More, oh God, please..." Using care I added a third finger, stretching him a little more. He stilled for a moment, then panted out, "I'm ready for you, Gar." I kept pumping my fingers into him, knowing that taking all of me would be very different from taking my fingers. After a few more minutes, I asked, "Are you ready, Edward? You sure?" He shook his head vigorously. "God, yes. I want you...fuck..." I wiped off my fingers and tore open the condom, rolling it on and moaning at the feel of my own hand. Leaning over, I kissed him tenderly. "I love you." His answering smile told me everything I needed to know. Hooking his left leg over my arm, I slowly pushed, watching his face for signs of discomfort. He winced initially, exhaling roughly as I entered him, his fingers twisting in the sheets. I paused. "Are you okay? Ready for me to move?" "Yeah," he panted out. "I want to feel you." I was trembling with the need to thrust, to feel Edward, warm and tight around me. At his assent I pushed in, feeling him squeeze me in response. "Relax. Let me make love to you." I moved in and out of him carefully, slowly, until he started to move with me. His hand went to his cock, stroking it while the other grabbed my shoulder, pulling me down to him. His breath washed over my face in short, harsh puffs. "Fuck, Garrett...you feel so good. Oh, God...oh..." He'd come all over his stomach, and the sight of it, plus the tight, velvety feel of him, had me emptying into him with a low groan soon after. As much as I hated to, I pulled out quickly to dispose of the condom. I immediately went back to Edward, pressing our sweaty bodies together as our breathing slowed. My head rested on his shoulder; my arm wrapped around his waist. I just wanted to hold him and know that he was really, finally mine. We lay in silence for several minutes, holding each other tightly. I felt Edward's stubbled cheek as he kissed my forehead. Smoothing his hair back off his forehead, I asked, "How are you feeling?" The look in his eyes warmed me all over, the love I saw in them reflected back in mine. "I feel incredibly lucky. You know that famous farewell speech Lou Gehrig gave, where he said he felt like the luckiest man on the face of the Earth? That's how I feel. Absolutely like the luckiest bastard on the planet. Six months ago I saw my life spinning further and further out of my control, I'd alienated the people I loved the most, and I was sure I would never have what I wanted more than anything in the world—you. Hopelessness and guilt were the only emotions I had left. Now? I have everything. You're all I need, Garrett. I love you. God, I love you." Before I could answer he was on me, kissing me breathless and murmuring endearments. Finally we broke apart, grinning and panting. I traced along his jaw, hardly believing he was mine. "I love you, too. So much, Edward." It had been a long time coming, and we still had some distance to go; but with Edward in my arms, not only did I, too, feel like the luckiest man on Earth, I felt like together, we could do anything. Hosts' note: Please support this author with a review! Remember not to hint at the author's identity, should you happen to know it, as this will lead to disqualification. Thank you for reading! Voting for the contest opens on November 30th.