"About six months" Six months is that all? Edward glanced at Rosalie who seemed to be quite absorbed in the video, but the blonde still managed to shrug. "I don't know, but Alice seems pretty keen on you getting along with Jacob for some reason." Rosalie grinned as she took her cell phone back, but not without a bit of reluctance from Edward. "In fact. She's planning you and Jacob's wedding as we speak." "What?" Edward looked back at the house and darted inside to find it empty with the exception of Esme who seemed to be happily preparing lunch for Jacob. When he heard Alice's voice in the back yard and he stepped out onto the porch. To his complete shock Alice was clinging to Jacob's arm as she prattled on while making directions with her free hand. Jacob seemed willing for the most part if not a little annoyed. 'This feels wonder-' "Edward!" Alice instantly chirped as she saw her brother and Jacob instantly tensed. 'Shit shit shit shit, fucking shit! Why'd he have to be here why can't he be somewhere with Bella. Damn it all to fucking hell-' Edward suppressed a grin at the shifter's panicked thoughts, when Alice spoke. "You're just in time, I was just showing Jacob where we'll be having the ceremony. Oh it'll be so perfect You and Jacob-" "What?!" Jacob screeched and Edward couldn't help but smirk. "Edward and Bella." Alice said innocently while Jacob just growled. "You didn't say Bella." "Yes I did." "She said Bella." "Totally said Bella, dude." Emmett and Jasper said as they quietly laughed to themselves and Edward shook his head at their antics. "Oh, Edward could you please come over here for a second?" Alice called and Edward walked over, slowly taking in the boy's appearance for the first time since they met. By the time Edward had made it towards them, the vampire had to admit, Jacob is beautiful. "Jacob." "Leech." Jacob growled in response but Edward knew not to take it too personally what with the shifter's internal break down and all. "Come along." Alice said as she grabbed Edward's hand and dragged them both towards the end of the garden and positioned them in front of each other. "You, here and you here." The pixie stepped back so she could take in the whole picture before she let out a squeal of delight. "Oooh its going to be so perfect!" "Rosalie Esme, come look at this." While Alice was off in wedding Lala land Edward decided to take a peek into Jacob's thought and had to keep his composure as a very interesting image filled his mind. Jacob was on the ground moaning and groaning loudly while his arms remained restrained above his head. Edward was on the shifter's neck nipping and sucking at the sensitive flesh while he thrusted into the shifters body, making him scream. "Edward!" 'Shit shit shit- shut up shut up shut up! He's a mind reader you idiot! God, I hope he didn't see that' Jacob glanced up at Edward who had discreetly moved his gaze elsewhere and Jacob opened his mouth in a slight sigh. 'Good, I don't think I'd survive if he knew I- Fuck I can't believe I actually fingered myself to Edward fucking Cullen' Edward couldn't believe it either, but he can't say he doesn't approve. 'Damn but it felt so goo-Shut up!' Jacob mentally slapped himself and Edward had to try hard not to smile. 'Think of something else, anything else, O.K: A, B, C, D, E,...' As Jacob started reciting the alphabet, Edward realised that he's never had this much fun listening to someone else's thoughts before or been as fascinated with guessing what Bella was thinking before. Wait Is he getting cold feet? Because of Jacob? "Edward turn towards Jacob and take his left hand I want to see what it'll look like on the wedding day." Alice said with a tilt of her head and her eyebrows knit together in concentration. "What?! Hell no, I'm not letting this parasite touch me. Why can't you do it?" Jacob growled as he stepped away from Edward and Alice gave a pout. "Because you're already standing there, c'mon Jakey just five seconds so we can see." Rosalie called from the porch beside Esme, "If he contaminates you with some hideous disease then I'll personally take you shopping for some new car parts." Jacob hissed, "The rabbit isn't cheap you know and stop calling me Jakey!" Rosalie scoffed, "Could've fooled me. C'mon pup just do it." Jacob gave a sigh and placed his left hand in Edward's, making them both gasp from the contact. Edward was amazed at how the shifters heat flowed through him and Jacob almost let out a breath at touching Edward before looking up into his eyes. 'R, S, T, U... U...' Jacob felt himself get lost in Edward's eyes and instantly felt himself blush, 'shit what comes after U?' "V." Edward answered as Jacob's eyes had him just as entranced. 'V, W- wait' "Stay out of my head leech!" Jacob growled as he ripped his hand out of Edward's and turned to stomp back into the house. "I'm outta here." "But Jake you can't go." Alice whined. "Yes I can." Jacob snarled as he walked away when Esme suddenly appeared in front of him and gave him a motherly smile that had him blushing in guilt. "Now, Jacob you can't leave yet. I never get to cook since no one around here can eat it and I just made lunch. I'd love for you to try it." "I-" "Please." Jacob suppressed a groan, "O.K." "Great!" Esme said as she took Jacob's hand and led him inside while Edward stayed staring at the shifter until Alice suddenly appeared beside him. "Edward." Edward looked down at the pixie and found a beaming smile on her face. "The wedding is going to be perfect." The End. A/N: Frankie's done! Please review.