up and he tried to look around the room but couldn't really see much despite the light of the full moon coming in through what he then realized was a basement window casting dark shadows all around. It was clean despite the broken remains of what looked like a piano in the corner of the room. Shades of black and white all around the wooden pieces as the keys lay scattered about. Another growl reached his ears and Embry's head snapped up towards the densest part of the shadows where he could just barely see the outline of a large dark silhouette. Embry instinctively squirmed back against the wall as the sounds of soft scraping reached his ears and the shadow moved closer, until a figure appeared in the pale moonlight that beamed into the room. Dark pitch black eyes stared back at him from a face with shallow cheeks. His skin was extremely pale and almost translucent but that somehow did nothing to affect his large muscular build. Embry recognized him as Emmett one of the vampires he saw a few times when they met at the treaty and again, when Edward bit Jacob only this time he looked different. Starved, the shifter realized as those pitch black eyes continued to stare, catching his every movement. "Carlisle went first." Embry swallowed hard when the vampire suddenly spoke, his voice was deep and rough like he hadn't used it in months, "What?" "He knew that biting Jacob changed Edward so he tried to stop him," Emmett said lowly as he slowly inched closer moving on his hands and knees Embry realized as those dark eyes just stayed locked on him, "But Leah was here, Jacob was working her he convinced her that the pain from Sam would go away if she turned. So she cut her arm and got Carlisle to bite her. Esme and Rosalie were home, when they caught her blood they tore her apart-" Emmett's voice suddenly went high and shrill as he let out what sounded like a cough that somehow turned into a laugh as a wry smile spread over his lips and Embry tensed completely. "Edward used his telepathy to force Seth to cut himself when he was out with Alice and Jasper." "How?" Embry asked quietly and Emmett's head almost seemed to twitch at the sound of the shifters voice before he spoke, "He's stronger now, Carlisle realized that shifter blood makes us stronger but there's a price to pay. When you bite a shifter, you lose your sanity." Emmett kept moving closer, now less than an foot away from the shifter who just stared back at him with horrified eyes when his flight instincts finally kicked in again as he began to phase only for Emmett to move at the exact same; time grabbing the shifter by his arm and slamming him down to the ground while another hand went around his neck and tightened. The impact caused Embry to hit his head and his vision swam as he tried to get his bearings when the scent of leech suddenly overwhelmed him and he felt ice cold breaths against his ear. "I can't fight it anymore, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry-" Embry screamed when he suddenly felt the sharp sting of teeth breaking his skin before the searing burn of venom immediately began to rush through his veins moving from his neck to spread over his chest and up his spine, right into his head. The pain overwhelmed him causing him to gasp and stop breathing as his back arched off the floor and his world went black. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Bright sunshine warmed the open field filled with flowers and grass, the sky was a bright blue without a cloud in sight. Birds chirped somewhere in the distance nowhere near the clearing but their beautiful melodic tones could be heard clearly enough even through the strangled cries of the body in his arms until it eventually went limp and he dropped it to the ground. She had beautiful pale skin, now even paler that it was drained of any blood that might flush her cheeks with heat. Golden blonde hair reflecting the beams of the sun and dark blue eyes now dulled over in the wake of her final breath. Her left arm was unfortunately bent around and turned the wrong way and there were scratches on her face dragging down away towards her ears. "Hey!" Embry startled as a body suddenly collided with his own and he found himself turned around and wrapped in a warm embrace as a pair of lips covered his own. It was warm and sweet and tasted of blood, Embry pulled back and gave a snort at the blood that stained Jacob's face and lifted up a hand to wipe it off while Jacob just watched him with a grin. "What's taking you so long? We're all about to turn back." "She tried to fight back." Jacob glanced over the other's shoulder and gave a snort at the body that lay behind him on the ground before pulling back to take his brother's hand and tugged him along, "C'mon, let's go." Embry laughed as he was tugged along, looking up to see the sun and the sky and the large green forest they were heading towards. Through the green grass and wild flowers of bright blue and purple and white before glancing back towards the body on the ground still and almost peaceful in the serene setting. Embry's laughter grew while Jacob just continued to pull him along and Embry let him despite the tears that ran down his cheeks, despite the ache that bloomed in his chest and throbbed in agony. Despite the voice inside of him that screamed. The End A/N: hmmm Too much? I'm usually pretty good with dark stories but I try to avoid them because I prefer happy endings, so I'm not really sure how I did with this one. Please review