Jacob's mind at great speeds. "The car was nice I really needed it and blondie told me it was a second hand, which makes me feel a little better about taking it." The shifter took a deep breath, "And the clothes were shortie's idea, she would have bought them if you hadn't and killed me for not accepting them. I get that you Cullens have a weird thing for spending money on people you like but-" "But what?" The vampire asked as he edged a little closer while his frown deepened. "But, Jesus, Edward the watches, all the other clothes, the ipods and tablet and laptop, the cellphones, the bikes and now a fucking house?!" "What's wrong with that?" Jacob shut his eyes and gave another sigh, "Look I know you're not trying to but from the outside, from someone else's perspective, it looks like you're trying to buy me." "I'm not trying to buy you." Yes he is. "You don't think that's what I'm trying to do, do you Jake?" Edward reached out to tuck a lock of hair behind Jacob's ear and the shifter absently knocked his hand away as he walked back across the room. "Knock it off." The vampire almost growled in frustration when Jacob turned back to face him. "You and I both know you're not trying to buy me because you have Bella and you're really generous for some reason. But that's not how it looks to everyone else." Edward sighed as he shoved his hands in his pockets, "And how does it look to everyone else?" "Like...like you're-" The vampire arched a brow at the shifter when a dark blush started spreading over his face and Edward almost laughed at the memory he got. "Jakey's got a sugar daddy." Leah teased as she gave a lecherous grin when Paul suddenly spoke beside her. "Aw c'mon Leah, maybe he just has a thing for older guys" "Much older guys." "At least he's not on a respirator." Quil commented casually. "Hey Jake you think you could get Daddy to buy me a car too?" "Can you imagine what he had to do for the first one, c'mon Leah don't torture him he needs to have some tricks so he can get some of the good stuff later on." Oh the pack has been brutal. "See what I mean!" Jacob growled in frustration. "Everyone has noticed this, whatever this is. And now you went and got me a house. I don't get it, exactly what's going on here Edward?" "Nothing." Yeah right. "Right." Jacob rubbed his temples in exasperation, "O.K, look I don't think we should be around each other anymore." Edward's eyes widened, "What-" "I'm not keeping the house and you can't make me sign the deed. I'll have all the other stuff sent back to you when I get the chance, but I'll pay you back for the car-" "Jake-" "No, Edward. Something about all this feels wrong so until you get a handel on whatever it is you're dealing with, I think it's better if you stay away from me. If Bella has a problem with it then just tell her to call me and I'll tell her myself." Jacob turned to leave the room when two cold hard arms wrapped around his waist, the shifter jumped in surprise but recovered quickly as he tried to pry Edward's hands away. "Damn it leech, I thought we had this conversation about not touching me!" "I'm not trying to buy you Jacob," Edward said softly against Jacob's ear making the shifter flush at the intimate contact. "I just want to take care of you." "Edward-" "Who cares about what anyone else says anyway, you're precious to me Jacob and I always try to take care of things that are precious." "Precious?" Jacob repeated in a flat tone making Edward give a low breathy chuckle that sent an involuntary shiver down his spine. "You're important to me and not just because of Bella either." "I don't need you to take care of me, I can take care of myself-" "You've been doing it for years." Edward finished, "But Jacob don't you want someone else to take care of you for once. Aren't you tired of always fighting for yourself and everyone else, never being thought of first always helping when no one helps you." Jacob paused as he took in the vampires words, completely missing the hand that slipped off of his waist up to his neck to brush his hair away from his left ear and neck. "I can do that for you Jacob. I'll take care of you, I'll protect you. You'll never have to worry about anything again." The shifter gulped as he tried to reach out for some of that defiance that was slowly slipping away, "And you'll do it for free, out of the goodness of you stone cold heart." Edward paused as his eyes flickered up the side of Jacob's face, "I won't ask for anything you don't want to give." "I don't have anything to give." "Yes you do, just give in Jacob." Edward breathed causing his breath to ghost out over the shifters skin while his own body thrummed in content at being so close to Jacob's heated frame. "Just give in and I'll take care of everything." Jacob gulped once again, "Give into what?" Edward placed a kiss on the side of Jacob's neck, instantly making the wolf tense. "Edward-" "Shhh, just relax." The vampire cooed and Jacob took a shuddering breath as Edward moved up the side of his neck towards his ear, briefly nuzzling his nose into his hair to take in the scent that smelled better at close range. While his hands slowly tugged off Jacob's jacket and tossed it onto the floor before letting his right hand roam across his chest while the left reached up to the door and slammed it shut. The End A/N: tell me what you think Please review