about using her like that, but he didn't see any other way. But Jacob won't speak to him and whenever they're both around Bella they always just end up fighting. So far Jacob had managed to convince the pack that his hatred of Edward stemmed from the heart games that he was playing with Bella but of course the Cullen's knew the truth. He didn't seem to blame any of them for what Edward did, but he couldn't exactly trust them either. After all Edward may have lied to him but they helped the vampire keep his secret. Alice would call him sometimes, text whenever Jacob was around the pack and couldn't really talk. They never talked about Edward though, Alice didn't want to upset Jacob by getting even more involved in that mess than she already was. Jasper's spoken to the shifter a few times, mostly on patrol's since Jacob refused to go anywhere with Edward under any circumstances whatsoever. They'd have civil conversations and Jasper didn't try to meddle in their affairs. Surprisingly enough, Rosalie is the one that spent the most time with Jacob. Edward has seen glimpses in the blonde's mind of her and the shifter's meetings where Jacob would rage his anger on what happened and Rosalie would edge him on. She helped him blow off some steam if you will. As far as Emmett was concerned Jacob didn't really have anything against him. The shifter actually seemed pretty embarrassed at the fact that he's been calling another man by his name. Between them it was more awkward than anything else. Bella was left none the wiser, somehow also believing that Jacob's hatred of Edward was her fault. She seemed remorseful about that fact, but then again sometimes Edward felt like she was almost trying to lead Jacob on. That didn't sit well with Edward at all. "Edward?" Edward looked down at the human girl beside him, staring into her deep brown eyes and almost sighing in frustration since they weren't the brown eyes he wanted to see. "Is something wrong?" 'Edward, if you want Jacob to forgive you, you know what you have to do first' Alice looked away, down at the ground as she folded her arms over her chest and Edward swallowed hard. Yes, he knows what he has to do first. Bella was staring at him in concern with her lips twisted in a slight frown while her eyes seemed to fill with confusion. Edward took a deep breath, he didn't have to fight back against the urge to bite Bella, at least not too much anyway. The urge was there, but she didn't entice him as much as she used to. The vampire forced a smile as he leaned down to kiss her forehead, earning a growl from the other side of the treaty. "No, everything is fine." Rosalie huffed a sigh of frustration while Emmett just gave his brother a worried glance. 'You can't keep this up forever bro' Of course not, but now isn't the time to break Bella's heart all over again. There's too much at stake right now. Later after the fight with Victoria, that's when he'll do it. 'Whatever you do, you'd better do it fast' Rosalie thought smugly and Edward could almost feel her smirk as he followed her gaze across the border towards the wolves. Embry's wolf seemed to hobble over to Jacob's and Quil followed as the beta let out soft growls of anger, he got hurt during his spar with Emmett earlier but it wasn't too bad. Carlisle said that he'll have to stay in his wolf form for a while but also that he'd be healed in a few hours. 'Knock it off, that's annoying' Quil growled as he nudged Jacob's side, 'So she picked a bloodsucker. There's plenty of fish in the sea' 'That's not what this is about.' 'Then what is this about?' Jacob shook his head and let out a snarl, 'Nothing' Embry moved closer to Jacob and started nuzzeling the side of the other wolf's head, growling softly. 'Stop moping, you're making everyone depressed' Jacob gave a snort but still leaned into Embry and nuzzled the side of his head as well. Just then a flash of a memory passed among the wolves, it was so quick Edward wasn't really sure who's mind it came from. There was Jacob and a fire, someone was next to him and then a kiss. Edward only had a moment for shock before Seth came seemingly out of nowhere and jumped between the three tackling Jacob to the ground before jumping back with his tail wagging high as he gave an excited yip. 'I'm not depressed' If wolves could roll their eyes, Quil would've, 'I doubt you even know what that word means' Jacob seemed amused for the most part and was about to return the favour when Quil suddenly jumped on top of him before Seth joined in as well. 'Enough!' Sam said giving a sharp bark to make the shifters pull apart, 'There'll be time to fool around later, pay attention' The shifters all got up and Jasper gave them an indulgent smile as he continued from where he'd stopped when the wolves suddenly went tumbling across the dirt. Edward's eyebrows furrowed for a moment in confusion when Rosalie suddenly got his attention again, 'I'd cut the blood bag loose if I were you, it looks to me like the pup's already moving on' Edward tensed as his sister glanced up at him with a smirk. No one ever listens to her. Edward looked back at the shifters as he thought back to that slither of thought he caught earlier while Jacob seemed to be ignoring his existence completely. But usually, she's right. The End A/N: shitty ending But I told you guys it was a bum story, it needs way more work but whatever I just want to get your opinion on it. What'cha think? Please review