vampire attack?" "No, no, it's nothing like that." Carlisle tried as he took a deep breath and tried to think of a way to explain their situation, "It seems that we have a problem with Alice." The shifter's all looked over towards the psychic in unison and even though their expressions weren't very telling they made enough noises to make it clear that they were confused. They could tell that something was wrong with her; it would take a complete moron to not realize that there was something wrong with her. Her skin looked so much paler than normal and her eyes were glassy and vacant while she stood there completely still, like a sculpture of some sort. They know that vampires don't need to move or breathe, but the Cullens always either blinked their eyes or breathed whenever they saw them so seeing Alice stand so absolutely still was a little unnerving. Paul growled. Sam gave the wolf a sharp look causing him to immediately quiet down before he spoke, "What's wrong with her?" "Actually we're not sure." "You're not sure?" "Alice had a vision, two days ago after the wedding. We don't know what the vision was about since it seemed to upset her so much that she became hysterical and we couldn't make out a word of what she was saying. All we do know is that it had something to do with you, or rather the pack." Carlisle explained and Sam frowned, "I thought you said she couldn't see us?" "She can't, or rather she shouldn't be able to see you." "Then how can you be sure this vision had anything to do with the pack?" "Well for one thing, she kept saying your names, some of them at least; Seth, Jacob and Embry." The doctor explained and Seth was visibly shocked as the sandy wolf stepped back while Embry seemed to blink in surprise. "Over and over again for hours until she just stopped." The alpha looked over at Alice and his eyes filled with confusion, "And exactly how were you expecting us to help you?" Carlisle took a deep breath, "From what I could gather from Alice's episode, the vision she had was of Embry dying-" Embry tensed visibly while the rest of the wolves growled, Sam stepped forward with a dark glare, "He-… dies from what exactly?" "I don't know, but we were hoping that Embry could help us." Carlisle said as he looked over towards the silver spotted wolf and Emmett suddenly spoke as well unable to contain himself as the standoff continued, "She thinks you're dead. All you need to do is show her you're alive, if you do that she might snap out of whatever trance she's in." Embry's head snapped over towards his alpha just as Sam growled, "So what you think one of my wolves had something to do with your daughter's freak out?" "We don't know." Carlisle said clearly, "We don't know what is going on, but we're desperate and we're willing to do whatever's necessary to bring Alice back." Sam stayed silent for a moment and a rumble of noise rose among the shifters, Jasper's arm tightened around Alice's shoulder before he spoke looking Embry dead in the eye, "Please, all we're asking for is for you to try." Embry held that gaze for a moment more before turning back and walking into the line of trees. The wolves growled at him as he went before he returned a few moments later, pulling up his cut offs and Sam growled in warning, "Embry." The Quileute froze for the briefest of moments, "They need help, something's wrong with her Sam we can all see that. Can't I just try?" The alpha let out a heavy sigh, "Be careful." Embry stepped forward and his nose seemed to wrinkle in distaste as he neared the vampires, Jasper tensed up for the briefest of moments as the boy approached but forced himself to release her and step back when Embry stopped in front of them. The shifter paused for the moment completely unsure of exactly what he was meant to do. "So how do I do this exactly? I mean, I'm already standing right here. Can't she see me?" Carlisle moved closer with a frown and Embry's head gave a tilt as he stared down at the smaller pixie like girl, "Uhm Hello? A-… Alice?" Rosalie gave an exasperated sigh, as if she it took everything she had just to get the words out, "Try touching her." "Oh, right." Embry said and a light blush spread over his cheeks in embarrassment before he lifted his hand to touch the vampire's arm, only to hesitate just before he made contact. One more deep breath and he gently lay his hand on her cold skin. Suddenly Alice gasped and her eyes instantly cleared. The vampires all let out sighs of relief and Embry's head tilted a little more as he spoke, "Alice?" Alice looked up at the shifter in confusion until her eyes went wide and she immediately threw her arms around Embry's neck and the shifter went completely tense. Sam growled and the rest of the shifters started growling as well, exposing their teeth and raising their hackles when Alice spoke and all they could do is stare in confusion. "Embry! I'm so sorry. You died and it was all my fault! It's all my fault. Please forgive me." The pixie sobbed and Embry raised his arms up to awkwardly pat her back, "Alice calm down. What's wron-" Before Embry could finish his sentence the vampire suddenly turned her head and pressed her lips firmly against his. The entire clearing just froze and everything dropped into silence. Embry's eyes suddenly glazed over and he dropped down to his knees with Alice still holding onto him and Jasper's heart shattered. The End A/N: Yup The next one is called Redemption and it will be the last one-shot in this story. Please review.