and depth of our relationship lays itself out behind closed lids, spanning years and milestones and miniscule moments, coiling in to this room, to this place, to this choice. It's beautiful, and I can't believe it took us this long. We tangle together again, caught up and electrified by each other's touch. He slips his palm under cotton and over skin, touching me in ways that should make me blush but only make me want him more. He teases my lips with his tongue and the tingling warmth that is so distinctly his. "Bella," he says, pulling back to look at my face. "You have to know I love you. I can't...I tried to hold it back for so long because it just never seemed right, risking what we have." His eyes darken, and he pushes closer to me, drawing me in and locking me in place. "But I want more." His voice is low, love, dark silk pouring out and slipping over my face, cooling and comforting every part of me. "Please," I answer. His is full of conviction and so earnest. "I want it all, Bella. Everything." My tone mirrors and amplifies his own. "Have it." His palm glides over the side of my face, smoothing my hair back. He leads me, lips together and locked in loving, to my little bed in the corner of the room. I strip off all but the thin layers of cotton that guard my most precious places. There's a moment, a flare of uncertainty because I know he has had girls, other girls with different bodies and skin and they're better than me, I know they are. "You're beautiful." It's like he knows, and maybe he does. He has always been able to give me exactly what I need, so maybe he senses my inexperience and self-consciousness. Or maybe, maybe he just means it. I hold out a hand, a silent invitation, needing him near. I smile, remembering who he is, my Edward, letting that make me bold, trusting all I am to him, knowing he wouldn't, couldn't let me down. He tugs his white t-shirt over his head before moving over me and I am too stupid, too crazy-deep in long-built love to feel afraid anymore. "Let me love you, Bella." His words are a breath, a prayer, and I reach a tentative hand to touch the warmth of his skin. He presses himself closer, coarse denim a shocking contrast to the tender skin of my inner thighs. I let my instincts guide me, my feet hooking themselves behind him to draw him closer. I lock my eyes on his and stop. "If you don't fuck me, Edward Cullen…" I punctuate my threat by tightening my knees. "I will never, ever forgive you." He smiles, then crushes his mouth to mine. XXX The room is dim, lit golden-pink by candlelight. There's music playing, a slow song that soothes and whispers. There are hushed conversations, but as far as I'm concerned, there's only one other person in this room. And he's my best friend. His hair is gel-slicked and styled, and he's wearing a black suit with a skinny black tie. His face is as angular and beautiful as always, and he moves like running water, smooth and cool and comfortable, and taking me with him. "Thank you for dancing with me, Bella." I smile up at him, shifting to stay close. "You're welcome, Edward. You know I'd do anything for you." "I do." I blush at his words, at the way he's always been able to warm me from the inside out. "You look so beautiful," he says, a whisper meant only for me. "Thank you." I touch my fingertips to the sequined bodice and notice how the light makes me sparkle. "Edward, when did you know that you wanted to marry me?" He spins me around and pulls me close, covering the side of my face and neck with his breath and whispered words. "Remember the nap?" I smile, and nod. "That was when. When I woke up with you in my arms. I knew I wanted you forever." "It had nothing to do with the fact that you'd seen me topless a few minutes before?" I raise an eyebrow at him and he grins. "That didn't hurt. When did you know?" I hum and squeeze the hand that holds mine. "I've always known I was yours. Hopelessly, endlessly." "Cop out." He pulls me close, and his cinnamon sweetness wraps me up. "Then our first dance. When you put your sweaty hands on my hips. I knew it then. Or when you took up for me. Or when you shared your last slice of birthday cake. Or it was the year that you got me tickets to go to a Broadway show for my birthday and went with me, even though you hate musicals. It's been a thousand little moments of knowing, Edward. And I can't wait for a thousand more." My other half spins me around the floor until I'm breathless, sneaking kisses and whispering love-filled promises into the dark. He doesn't share me, even when his Dad asks to cut in. His hands are on me always, reassuring and strong when we're the center of attention. And when the party is wrapping up, and our goodbyes are said, and we're climbing into the car to leave and start a life together, I grab his tie and tug it down. I tangle my fingers into his sticky-stiff hair. And I kiss his handsome cheek. "I've always known you were only mine, Dorksauce." He laughs, out loud and from his belly, and I think - this is the way to start things. "Come on, Gumdrop. Let's go home." Hosts' note: Please support this author with a review! Remember not to hint at the author's identity, should you happen to know it, as this will lead to disqualification. Thank you for reading! Voting for the contest opens on November 30th.