smile, "Yes, it does. But not in the way you think. While various sensations can be felt during sexual intercourse regardless of how underdeveloped you may be, an over-abundance in size can cause quite a few problems that can lead to pain and severe damage to your partner. In such cases lubrication is recommended to decrease the chances of any over stretching or tearing that might appear." Carlisle almost groaned when one of his children raised their hands again. "Yes, Emmett?" "Is there a limit to how many times you can have sex?" The doctor took a deep breath wondering why Emmett of all people would ask that question but he still answered if only to help those who really needed to know, "There's no set limit to the amount of times you can have sex," Carlisle blinked when Emmett grinned and turned towards the shifters as he mouthed, 'I told you so' to Embry causing the wolf to roll his eyes while the doctor continued. "But I would advise not to over exert yourself. Sex is a highly demanding physical activity and as such I must remind you all that caution is key." The doctor almost squeaked when his other daughter raised her hand, "Alice?" "You didn't go over lesbian sex either." "Uhghm." Carlisle cleared his throat and spoke, "Well lesbian sex which is sexual intercourse between two women and has certain limitations but there are effective methods of copulation such as oral sex and mutual stimulation through masturbation and the usage of sexual props which serve as effective ways for release." "Ms. Clearwater?" "Are contraceptives necessary for that too?" "Birth control methods aren't necessary for obvious reasons however the usage of condoms over sexual props and female condoms are always encouraged." Embry raised his hand next and Carlisle took a deep breath, he doesn't know the shifter very well but from what he could tell the boy was shy and somewhat reserved meaning anything he was willing to ask in front of a crowded gym had to be important. "Mr. Call?" "What about kinks?" Carlisle almost gaped, "Kinks?" "Yeah like bondage and stuff." The hall broke out into snickers while Embry blushed furiously and Emmett seemed to be wearing a smug grin on his face. "Is it normal to be into that?" "Well," Carlisle breathed, "We all have different methods of pre penetrational stimulation, or rather foreplay as it's commonly referred to, to increase the amount of pleasure during the sexual process. Acts like bondage and role-play are perfectly normal as long as both parties involved are consenting and these different stimulations are conducted safely." Embry gave a nod and ducked his head down while Quil kept nudging him with a knowing smile when Jacob's hand went up, albeit a bit reluctantly. "Yes, mr. Black?" "What about... bloodplay ?" Carlisle paled considerably as he was thrown for a complete loop, "What?" All eyes turned on the shifter, most of them were shocked and surprised and some of the students started whispering among themselves while Edward's eyes fixed on Jacob and the vampires bright gold eyes started to darken. Jacob gave a heavy sigh while a dark blush spread all the way up to the tips of his ears. "I said bloodplay, is there a way to do that safely." Carlisle's mouth fell open in a gape and it took a moment for the doctor to pull himself together enough to answer. "Well, bloodplay is an incredibly dangerous method of foreplay mr. Black, I'll need you to understand that quite clearly. There are countless diseases and infections sexual or otherwise that can be contracted through this act. But with caution, and I do mean extreme caution , it can be done safely. Provided you and your partner are completely trusting of one another and you take all the safety precautions necessary such as testing for STD's and other diseases." "The... I-" Carlisle looked like he was about to pass out as he watched Edward stare at Jacob with dark eyes while his tongue came out to lick his lips and he swears he saw a trail of venom dripping down the side of his face before he quickly wiped it away, while Jacob continued to flush. "I suppose the best way to go about it would be to limit the amount of blood shed to small proportions, create very shallow wounds and, clean and seal the wounds as quickly as possible after they've been made." Jacob nodded quickly and raked a hand through his hair yet again. Carlisle wondered what on earth could be going through the boy's mind as Edward continued to stare and quite pointedly ignored Bella's questioning look when Seth raised his hand and Carlisle gave a sigh of relief. If there's one person who's question he doesn't have to worry about it's Seth's, the boy is quite possibly the most innocent being Carlisle has ever met in his entire life and he'd even heard Edward say what a beautiful mind Seth has. "Yes, mr. Clearwater. What's your question?" "Is there a way to make deep-throating easier?" Beautiful mind my ass! "With, with practice most forms of sexual intercourse become easier to execute with time. So there aren't any quick fixes but it does get easier." Carlisle swallowed as he looked over the crowd almost afraid to ask, "Are there anymore questions?" The students all stayed silent and Carlisle gave a quick nod, "Alright then, I think that's everything. If there are anymore questions please refer to the pamflets mr. Banner will hand out as you leave the gym and for any further questions please feel free to see... myself or any of the other doctors down at the hospital." The gym slowly emptied, with the quiluetes being ushered to their bus as some avoided any and all eye contact and others seemed to be beyond amused, Carlisle promised himself to never do this lecture ever again. The End A/N: so that was fun Please review