together, so when she told him she would meet him there, he was confused and honestly, a little pissed. It was her idea to go to this stupid thing in the first place. He didn't understand why she seemed to be brushing him off. He was already a ball of nerves. Maybe it would be best to drive out alone, listen to some calming music and clear his head. He had decided to man up; he wasn't risking losing Bella to some other guy. Tonight he would tell her. He had to. His feelings for her were overwhelming him, and he had to let her know. Bella was about to hyperventilate. Thankfully she beat most of the other kids to the beach, and secured a good spot to sit and try to calm her frantic heartbeat. This was it. It was go time. While she sat on an oversized rock waiting for Edward, Mike Newton approached her. Would this jackass never give up? Bella didn't think he was really even interested in her, he just couldn't accept the fact that she wasn't interested in him . He wasn't a bad looking guy, but his douchebaggery knew no bounds. Thankfully somebody showed up with the keg and diverted his attention. Ugh, case and point. Edward arrived at First Beach, just as most of his class was showing up. He saw Bella's truck down the beach, so he parked further out by her. He was looking around for Bella as he approached the group, when something shiny caught his attention. Edward stopped dead in his tracks, and his hand immediately went to his heart at the sight of his Bella. He was standing there, completely frozen, when Bella noticed him. The look on his face told her everything she needed to know. Her eyes welled with tears as she ran towards him. Edward finally regained his faculties as Bella was making her way towards him. Holy hell, she was beautiful. Carrie Fisher had nothing on his girl. He caught Bella in his arms and lifted her up so they were face to face. They both spoke at the same time. "Jesus, you're beautiful. Did you wear this for me?" "I'm in love with you, Edward. I love you." They both laughed and cried as Edward walked them further down the beach for privacy. Bella had her arms around his neck, and was clinging to him for dear life. "I won't drop you, I promise. I have no intentions of letting you go anytime soon." Bella giggled and loosened her hold slightly. Edward sat them down on a driftwood log and situated Bella on his lap so she was facing him. "So you're in love with me, huh? That's damn good news." "It is?" "Yes, baby, it is. I've been in love with you since I was six years old." "Well, why didn't you say anything? Wait, you called me 'baby.'" "I did. Is that ok?" "It's way better than ok. Did you, I mean, why didn't you say something, Edward?" "Because I'm a chicken-shit coward. Because I was terrified of losing you. I've never been as brave as you. You have always been the bravest person I know. I know you don't think so, but it's true. I love you so, so much, pretty girl. It's always been you." Bella nuzzled into Edward's neck breathing in his scent. She couldn't believe this was happening. She was straddling Edward while wearing a gold lamé bikini, as they professed their love for each other. This made her giggle. "What's so funny?" "Edward, I'm nearly naked and I'm freezing. Can we please go somewhere else?" "Hmm, you are nearly naked," Edward joked as he leaned back to take a look at her scantily clad upper body. Bella playfully swatted him. "Easy, tiger. You haven't even kissed me yet." Edward tenderly took her face in his hands as he nervously licked his lips. They leaned into each other and their lips touched. They kissed slowly and softly. Bella's body shivered which prompted Edward to pull away. "Why are you stopping?" "Because you're freezing. I have a sweater in the car and would like to continue this somewhere more private." "Good idea. Lead the way." Neither of them paid any attention to the stares and whispers as they left the beach hand in hand. Ten Years Later Edward was sleeping peacefully, and having what he thought was a hell of a good dream. When he realized he wasn't dreaming, and it was his wife's mouth around his cock, he became fully awake. "Hmmm, morning, baby. Just so you know I'm open to waking up just like this every day." Bella hummed her assent, as she took him deeper into her mouth. After ten years together, she knew just the way he liked it. "Christ, Bella, your mouth is amazing. Come here, I don't wanna come yet." Bella crawled up his body and out from under the sheet. Her hair was wild and her cheeks were flushed. She was still the most beautiful thing in the world to him. She kissed her way up his stomach and chest, before finally resting her forehead against his. "Happy anniversary, handsome." "Happy anniversary, my pretty girl. Now kiss me." As their mouths joined together, and Bella lowered herself onto Edward's cock, they both moaned in pleasure. She would never get enough of him - of this. She couldn't imagine what her life would be like if she hadn't met him - if he hadn't spoken up for her nearly twenty years ago. If she hadn't been brave enough to dress like Princess Leia for him. They were both blessed and fortunate enough to fall in love with their best friend. Hosts' note: Please support this author with a review! Remember not to hint at the author's identity, should you happen to know it, as this will lead to disqualification. Thank you for reading! Voting for the contest opens on November 30th.