arms around Edward's neck. "Your father told you about the most important rule of alpha conception right. There must be a desire to claim and be claimed . But for some reason you think just cause you fucked me that you're the one that made the claim." Edward growled at the smug look in the younger man's eyes while Jacob's smirk just grew, "You've got it backwards, Cullen." "Excuse me." "You said you can't stop thinking about me and I'm guessing my scent is the only one you can still track. I bet it's gotten so bad that you think about me whenever you fuck Bella or even just kiss her. And now you're camping out outside my apartment, even though you have no idea why." Edward's eyes went wide and he tried to take a step back only for Jacob to move along with him with a smile, "You're right though, I do want you. But for me you're more like a pet, I own you and you do whatever I tell you to." Edward frowned, "What?" "Doc didn't tell you about that part did he?" Jacob gave a wide grin as he pulled away and folded his arms across his chest, "I was going to let you off easy, but you're pissing me off so-" "Jacob what are you talking about?" "I'm talking about this," The raven let out a dramatic sigh before he spoke. "Edward, turn around and leave this building right now." Before Edward could even begin to understand what was happening he turned around and left. Out the kitchen, back through the short hallway and right out the door. By the time he regained any kind of brain function he was already outside, standing on the sidewalk just a few feet away from his car. Leah stood in front of him, snapping her fingers in front of his face, "Hey! Edward, what's wrong?" Edward blinked and suddenly let out a deep breath that he didn't even realise he'd been holding in. Raking a hand through his hair, Edward's eyes darted around his surroundings and he swallowed hard when Leah spoke again. "Damn it Cullen, what happened?" "I don't know." Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Twelve thirty that night Jacob was on the couch with Embry, staring blankly at the tv in front of them with his head on the omega's shoulder while guilt made his stomach toss and turn every two to five minutes. "You called him your pet?" Embry asked even as he kept his eyes on the tv as well and Jacob gave a nod, "And then you commanded him to leave." Another nod. "Was that really necessary Jake?" "He was asking for it." Jacob answered with a growl, "He said he owned me and that I can't stay away from him." "You can't stay away from him." Embry dead panned and Jacob grumbled in annoyance while the omega continued, "The only reason you're still up right now is cause of him." "I don't need him." "But you want him." "The hormones'll pass." Jacob answered with a huff, "Once Jay changes I won't feel anything anymore." "Are you trying to convince me or yourself?" Embry asked and Jacob tensed, the omega shrank back a little at the spark of anger he felt as Jacob spoke, "I'm not trying to convince anyone. Besides you're one to talk, walking around here and sulking for months like a whipped puppy because of Jared." Embry winched and Jacob had to take a deep breath to reign his anger back in, "Embry, I didn't mean-" "I'm over Jared, I don't want to go back to him." Embry said quietly as he gave a soft sigh, "But my world used to revolve around him so right now I'm just... Before I do anything else, I want my world to revolve around me for once. My point is, the difference between you and me is that Jared didn't get me pregnant. I wanna make sure you get that it won't be easy." "I know and... I'm sorry." "It's O.K." The omega smiled as he leaned down to press a kiss on the top of Jacob's head, "Hormones right?" "You have no idea. First I'm happy, then I'm pissed and then sad." Jacob sighed, "I was horny enough before but now I can't even wear jeans without being uncomfortable." "It'll pass once Jay's older." "Sure it will." Jacob said with a snort as he buried his head a little deeper into Embry's neck to take a deep breath of his scent when he pulled back a bit and frowned. His mind has been so preoccupied that he only just noticed- "You cut your hair." Embry looked down and blushed, "Yeah... Jared liked it long and I just-" "I get it. It looks good." Jacob smiled and Embry's blush went a shade darker as he mumbled out a "thanks". Jacob's smile grew a little more as he sat up and leaned over the omega to cup the side of his face and press a soft kiss on his lips. "Why didn't I mate you?" Embry sighed despite the deep blush burning across his cheeks, "When I came back you were pregnant and in love with the father of your child." Jacob groaned in frustration as he fell back on the couch as Embry finished, "You still are." "I don't love him." "Then what do you feel?" Jacob just stared up at the ceiling, "I don't know." Embry frowned at the alpha and opened his mouth to speak when a cry reached their ears and Jacob groaned again. Embry chuckled as he got up off the couch. "I'll get him." "Thanks." Jacob mumbled out as the other left the room still staring at the ceiling. He kept his eyes open cause he's exhausted, if his eyes shut he'll fall asleep for sure and if he falls asleep, he'll start dreaming again. Honestly Jacob's had enough of Edward Cullen for one day. The End A/N: yeah Please review