you. Please! " In a flurry of movement, we had stripped off the rest of our clothes and were kneeling together on my bed. I was in awe of his body—he was so muscled everywhere . My hands kept tracing the tops of his thighs, mesmerized by the huge muscles bulging there. He finally took one of my hands and put it right on his cock, and I couldn't help but giggle at the frustrated look he gave me. "What? You know I don't know what I'm doing here, Em. I'm just following your lead," I told him as I raised up to kiss him again. He dropped his forehead against mine and gave me a smile that made me feel absolutely cherished. "I know, Bells. And I'm so grateful. You know I love you, but you need to know that I'm in love with you." I laid my head against his chest and smiled, "I love you too, Emmy. Always." He turned and laid me carefully on the bed, before kneeling between my legs. I suppressed the urge to cover myself from his hungry gaze, but I threw my head back in ecstasy as soon as his tongue moved down to taste me. I tried not to focus on the fact that he clearly knew exactly what he was doing as his fingers and tongue brought me to the edge much faster than I had ever done myself. I looked up when he called my name, and watched him roll a condom down his rather impressive length as he watched my face for any last reservations. I had none. "Just take me, Em." He kissed me deeply as he slowly worked his way into my body, and I found myself oddly grateful that Edward rejected me. This would have never been this special with him. He didn't treasure me the way Emmett did, and I knew this thing between us went so much deeper than anything we'd had with anyone else before. "I love you, Bells," he murmured against my neck as he began to move slowly in and out. I was soon lost in the feelings of his hard body pressing against and into mine. My hands explored his body, feeling his huge muscles move under his skin with each thrust, and when I finally got my hands on that luscious ass, I squeezed it as hard as I could. We came together, a sweaty tangle of limbs, and he nearly collapsed on me before he caught himself and rolled to the side. "That was amazing, Bella. So good." "Mmmhmm," was my incredibly witty response. He held me there for minutes, or hours, until the lights came blazing on with no warning. The mood was broken, but as I looked at Emmett, I knew nothing between us would ever be the same. He was my best friend, but now he was my lover, and there was no better combination than that. I felt like I could conquer the world, as long as he was by my side. The morning came entirely too early, and we braced ourselves for the reaction at school. We had no intention of hiding the new status of our relationship, although I did stop him from announcing it on Facebook like he'd wanted to do the night before. My dad looked at us suspiciously over the breakfast table but didn't say anything until Emmett kissed me when I handed him his plate and said, "Thanks, babe." Charlie just grunted and went back to eating, so he must not have been too upset. I was sure our parent-approved sleepovers would be coming to an end, though. As we pulled into the parking lot, my eyes were immediately drawn to a couple on the front steps of the school. Her blonde hair was blowing in the wind, and his carefully styled bronze coif waved back lazily. Most of the students standing around were looking between them and Em's Jeep. We parked but didn't get out right away, wanting to see what they were going to do. I already had my suspicions, based on the timing of the calls that Edward and Rose sent and received yesterday afternoon, but I didn't say anything to Emmett in case I was wrong. Judging by the way they were kissing, quite awkwardly, it looked like I was right on target. Emmett surprised me by letting out a huge laugh. "Well, I guess we know who we got dumped for!" He chuckled darkly. "What do you say we give 'em a show of our own?" Every eye in the parking lot turned our way as we climbed out of the jeep, laughing loudly. Em walked around to my side and didn't waste a second as he picked me up and pulled my face to his for a kiss. I wrapped my legs around his waist tightly, barely hearing the cheers and whistles from our fellow students. We walked into school hand in hand, with our heads held high. Alice squealed as we walked past her, and she threaded her arm through my free one. Emmett gave nods and fist bumps to his friends as we passed, and I felt my cheeks heat up at the appreciative looks they gave me. Edward and Rosalie had disappeared by the time we reached the door, but I was walking on clouds with Emmett's hand in mine. When I left this school yesterday I was devastated, in tears, and hoping my best friend would come cheer me up. Little did I know how much that one little text would change my life. From "he dumped me," to "I love you" in just a few short hours. Such a difference three little words can make. Hosts' note: Please support this author with a review! Remember not to hint at the author's identity, should you happen to know it, as this will lead to disqualification. Thank you for reading! Voting for the contest opens on November 30th.