but I wouldn't know what to do, I'm not sure if I could ever even move on. The fact that you're ready to move on, proves how strong you are and I envy that, so here." Jacob took the bat as he just stared at the girl, "He's an asshole and he totally broke your heart. It's only fair that you return the favor." "You realize that this is a felony right?" Bella looked at the man for a moment before bending over to pick up the wooden Louis Ville slugger he still had beside his feet, turning towards the car and taking a deep breath as she wrapped both hands around the bat and swung but only managed a slight dent that caused Jacob to laugh. "This is harder than I thought." Jacob gave her an indulgent smile, "Swing with you whole body, you know put your back into it." "O.K." Bella said again before trying again, this time swinging hard and getting a much bigger dent in the side of the car before swinging again and again and got a little carried away. Jacob joined in at some point but Bella barely even noticed, even when one of the headlights shattered before the other did the same and the car alarm started ringing in distress. She was long gone. The car just looked so much like Edward's and Bella hadn't realized just how angry and frustrated she was at his behavior. It wasn't just the gifts and one or two missed dates. It was dozens of missed dates, complete disappearances where he didn't pick up his phone or answer her texts before just brushing her off when she asked him about it later. It was months of him being distracted with just…other things and meetings that just came out of nowhere. It was the pitying looks his sister Alice would give him and the angry glares she'd catch Emmett giving him. It was the fact that she knew she wouldn't leave despite it all because she loved him. The girl was panting hard by the time she stopped and stepped back collapsing onto the soaked asphalt as the car continued to beep in distress while the lights were out completely. The hood of her jacket had slipped off and her hair was soaked while her makeup ran down her face. Giving a snort when Jacob dug the key from the Volvo into the top of the car. Bella cringed as the sound cut through the rain before he tossed them at the broken windscreen and plopped down on the ground beside her purse which she hadn't noticed fall before. "Not bad." Jacob said glancing at the bat in Bella's hand and the girl paused when she realized that the thing broke at some point and she was just holding onto the handle before she tossed it aside. "Thanks." The girl said as she made to get up only to slip before Jacob stood up along beside her and she grabbed her arm to help her up. Bella was surprised when she was suddenly pulled into a tight embrace. "Thank you." The girl smiled as she wrapped her arms around Jacob, "You're welcome." The raven pulled back as he looked at her running makeup and gave a wry smile, "Sorry about this, I'm starting to realize I spoiled a date." Bella waved him off, "It's fine, don't worry about it." "I should probably get going." Jacob said as he pulled his phone out of his pocket and Bella moved forward, squinting to see what Jacob had written on the hood. It read E.C+J.B with a heart around it but with a big "x" drawn over it. "E.C." Jacob shook his head, "I carved that on a tree near where my dad's house. Edward Cullen+Jacob Black. I'm cutting it down first chance I get." Bella froze. "We should probably go. Thanks again Bella for everything." Jacob said as he started walking away glancing back at the girl briefly, "And that boyfriend of yours, I hope he treats you right." Jacob walked away, disappearing across the road and Bella thinks she might have been out there long enough to see him wait for a car and get inside before it took off. She isn't really sure. The rain was still falling, and the car was still beeping in distress, but at some point she made it to the restaurant's doors. She didn't react until the maître d' spoke and brought her back to reality. "Miss… Miss! Are you alright?!" Bella just stared at him before she asked, "Cullen, table for two." "Oh yes, Mr. Cullen is already inside but miss-" Bella ignored him as she walked into the dining area where the people sitting at the tables looked up at her and immediately started whispering. She caught sight of Edward at a table across the room. The bronze haired man looked up at the commotion when his eyes went wide at the sight of her and got up to immediately rushed over to her. "Bella, what on earth happened to you? Are you alright?" Bella just stared at him as he reached out to touch her face and brush her hair aside. "Bella? What happened?" Bella took Edward's hand and pressed the broken handle of the baseball bat into his hand before she shrugged out of his grasp and walked away. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx "Are you going to tell me what you were doing in the pouring rain?" Jacob just looked up at the blonde when they pulled up at a red light from his spot in the passenger seat, before he quickly leaned over to turn the blonde's head and pressed a kiss on his lips. Jasper just stared at the younger man with a light blush on his face and Jacob smiled as he spoke. "Hey cowboy, ever been to Rome?" The end A/N: Yeah, Jacob and Bella are probably going to jail Before he cheats by Carrie Underwood Please review