please answer me, baby…" My father was at the bottom of the steps now. He was standing just steps away from me. Sylvester was right. I had to do it. With my own cry of regret, I jumped out of the shadows, arms outstretched and pipe in hand. I slammed the PVC into his skull with all the strength in my body. My father collapsed to the cement, unmoving. My pounding heart was deafening, and for a moment I stood frozen in my spot. Blood began to gather beneath his head, absorbing into the grey concrete and staining it dark. "No…" I whispered, dropping the pipe loudly and falling down on my knees beside him. "No!" " It's over, Mary Alice." Sylvester meowed from beside me, stroking his tail across my knee. "He's gone." "No!" I shrieked again, covering my mouth with my hand. I felt like I was going to be sick. "I didn't want to kill him! I didn't mean to! Oh God!" My eyes clamped shut, unable to look at his bashed forehead any longer. "No!" " Mary Alice," Sylvester murmured soothingly, "Look… there, under his jacket." I forced myself to look. As the tomcat had pointed out, there was a small black weapon in the belt of his pants, peeking out from behind his jacket. A gun. "He… he was going to…" " Shoot you? Yes, it appears so." Sylvester meowed sadly. "You've done the right thing, Mary Alice. It's over now." For the next few hours, I replenished myself and reminisced in my childhood home. After eating a fresh cooked meal, I showered and dressed myself in clothes from my bedroom. Sylvester, Oliver, and Princess followed me through the house, eyeing me sadly as I took a look around my home for the last time. " We need to go soon." Sylvester informed me. "The sun will come up and it will be harder for you to travel during the day." He was right. Not only was I supposed to be "missing", I was no longer a human. Certainly I would be gawked at or taken in for some kind of scientific research. They would question my existence and how I became what I was, and then I would be forced to tell them about my father, who had just been murdered by yours truly. Maybe they would think I was some sort of government weapon and shoot me. Maybe all of this was a waste and I was destined to die. anyway. I shuffled around my bedroom, folding clothes and stuffing them into an extra-large backpack I had once used for school. "Where will we go?" I mumbled to Sylvester, who lay comfortably at the foot of my bed. " Wherever you'd like." He mewed, licking his paw. "Preferably somewhere warm. I've had enough of that musty old cellar for a lifetime." I couldn't agree with him more. " You'll be careful, won't you?" Princess asked timidly from the doorway, sitting close to her mate. I glanced over at her, smiling at her swollen belly. "Of course we will. You'll be a wonderful mother, Princess. I hope you all live an easy life for the rest of your days." I continued to stuff miscellaneous items into my backpack. "You too, Oliver. Look after her well." " We will tell our children your story, and their children after that. You're a hero, Mary Alice." Oliver meowed, curling his tail around Princess. At last, my bag was packed. I had managed to fit several pieces of clothing as well as enough food and water for a few days. After zipping up my bag, I bent down to allow Sylvester to climb onto my shoulders. It was hard walking out the front door for the last time. I had to accept the fact that this was no longer my home. I said my final goodbyes to Princess and Oliver on the front porch, where they dashed down the field and disappeared into the horizon. After a moment of staring after them, I sighed. " We must go." Sylvester mewed. "This is no longer the place you once called home, Mary Alice." I zipped up my jacket and pulled the hood over my ears. There were a good few hours until sunrise, and I reminded myself that it was important to get as far as possible before daylight. With Sylvester perched comfortably on my shoulder, I took my first step away from everything I've ever known, plunging into the abyss of a world where I no longer belonged. Where will Mary Alice go? Will she ever find a new place to call home? Who will she meet on this epic journey, and what obstacles lie ahead for our little neko? Let me know what you guys think and stay tuned for the next chapter of "Cirque de Nightmare"! -fuchsialight PREVIEW: THE NIGHT TRAIN I stood in the tree line as the train rumbled past us. It did not whistle. There was no light from the engine. If I hadn't known any better, I would have thought the train was a figment of my imagination; a play of the shadows. My cat-like eyes allowed me to see the graffiti on the cars, even through the darkness, and they were moving slowly enough on the tracks that I was able to make out what kind of art it was. On one car, a vintage-style advertisement read: "SEE MAN TURN INTO BEAST BEFORE YOUR EYES". On another car, "THE WORLD'S STRONGEST MAN". Some of the cars had no words, simply bright streams of color and pictures of balloons, animals, and men with top hats. After watching several of these roll by, I saw a line of large car-sized cages with different animals: lions, tigers, elephants, and horses to be exact. By the time the animal carts had turned back into passenger cars, it had dawned upon me exactly what I was looking at. It was, more or less, a circus train.