then run to my locker naked and put on my gym uniform: black leggings, blue tight tank top, and black sneakers. I grab my backpack and throw it over my shoulders then turn around and walk straight into gigantic boobs same size as the bitch. "I am so sorry, didn't see you there." I say to the floor and blush I look up and I am face to face with the principle. Oh shit her face is calm and she is wearing a red skin tight low cut sweater with a black pencil skirt and black pumps. Wow that is a sexy look for a principle. "Why are you still at school Miss Swan? School ended over hour ago, where you the one screaming bloody murder in the class room?" She asks, what the fuck this hoe heard me screaming and didn't check it out. I nod and walk away. "Where do you think you are going young lady? You have some explaining to do?" I keep walking I did trust myself to speak to this woman calmly. She heard me getting raped but didn't do anything and is now mad at me for making to much noise while I was getting raped. I can not get kicked out of school I only have one more week left. The principal grabs my arm and yanks be back then start to drag me too the principals office. When we get to her office she sits down in her chair and I sit down in the chair in from of her desk. "What the fuck happened inside that classroom, your screams were destructing me from work?" She demands and I am about to loose it this woman is bat shit crazy. "Well next time I'm getting raped and threatened I will make sure to be quieter next time." I say and turn to leave but she grabs onto my arm and yanks me back I'm surprised but can't shake her grip. She pulled me back and now I am in front of her and I am leaning on the short side of the desk. "Hand me the phone?" She ask I turn around and lean over the short side of the desk on the side on the front and grab the phone. The principle pulls down my leggings and slams her dick inside of me, I scream and struggle then she pushes me further on the desk and continues to fuck me. "So tight this little ass feels so tight, remind me to thank Miss Hale for loosening it up a bit." The principle hisses in my ear her hands move to the front of me, her hands find the neckline of my tank top and pulls it down under my breasts. She grips my hips and moves to sit in her chair then she sits down, so now I am sitting on top of her while she is still inside of me. The principle pushes me off of her and I feels nice not havering her inside of me. "Now where should I cum? Inside do your ass, on my ass, on those damaged tits, or maybe your face?" She asks. "No where let me go home." I turn around she cums all over my face then grabs the back of my head and leads me toward the tip of her dick. "Of you suck me off, I will let you call the police on your teacher if you do not mention me at all understand?" She compromises I nod this was a good deal I only had one more week of school. I grab her dick lick the tip getting the salty pre cum, nasty. I take the tip in my mouth I slowly guid my head down I take in her huge thick dick relaxing my throat and bobbing my head up and down on her dick. The loud irritating moans were a sign that I was doing good I continued to please her with my mouth until she came down my throat. I take the phone and the principle watches me and then I turn my back to her and I am about to walk out when she pushes me into the wall. "Did you really think I was going to let you call the police in my sister hell no. But I will fuck you one more time then you can go." She turns me around picks me up and slams into me her fucking was raw dry and painful. Raw because it was fucking animalistic I felt help less like prey because she was the animal predictor and I was being hunted and fucked before being killed. I felt dry because I wasn't turned on in the slightest and her duck was not wet so it was painful because if the dryness. I have never been more turned off in my life I am not a fucking lesbian nor will I ever be. Why me? I didn't do anything wrong. But I believe in carma. What goes around comes around. She pulls out and cums all over my front then starts to beat me around my stomach area. I heard sirens and honking police maybe a janitor or someone heard my screams and called the police. I am saved from the rapest. What a bad day I have had. The principles office door flies open and a sexy female police woman comes in. She holds out her hand and helps me up she looks at my current state of abuse and smiles at me. "Are you Isabella Swan?" Her musical voice asks I nod and her grin widens. "Good I heard you have a very tight pussy and I haven't had some tight pussy in a while." She smiles at me, my heart sinks my smile drops and I back up further into the wall. Till next chapter I hope you guys enjoyed my story I really need a beta mine moved away. I love readers.