them did. I pushed it back out again, as soon as it touched Sam all the wolves, even the ones not in my dome were lights again. Their minds were more interconnected then I thought. As long as I protected the alpha the shield would cascade to the rest of his pack as well. Alec's mist was almost to us. Benjamin waved his hand in a sharp motion and the wind, which had been peaceful and quit now began to blow and shriek fiercely. But it did not detour the mist in the slightest. Benjamin kept it up, but the mist finally reached us. And hit a wall. The second it touched my shield I could taste it. It reminded me of Novocaine. The mist traveled up, trying to find some weakness in my shield. It's journey revealed how large the dome was. There was gasps on both sides of the field. "Well done Bella!" Benjamin said. Alec did not seem bothered, instead he continued to try and find a hole. I had to wonder if he could sense my shield in the way I could sense his mist? Could he feel some invisible force blocking his power? Aro held up his hand and Alec pulled the mist back. As the mist slowly began to recede Aro glanced at a woman to his right. She was small with an hourglass figure and light brown hair. I suddenly felt a light fluttering pressure against my shield. "Chelsea is trying to break our bonds. But she can't find them," Edward said. "Aro you see there is no law broken here," Carlisle said. "Agreed," Aro said with a pause. "But does that then follow that there is no danger?" He turned to his witnesses and began to speak. Chelsea continued to try and break our bonds. Her power fluttered impotently against my shield. So far my shield had withstood every assault thrown at it. But despite it's invincible power it had limits. It could not physically protect us from an assault, and given the speech Aro was giving right now, I was more the certain that was where this was heading. The loss of Caius and Marcus, as well as the loss of some of his most talented guards had finally forced Aro himself to join the fight. As he walked forward to join the fray, leaving Chelsea and a few other guards to protect the wives Renata followed him like a shadow. Her movements copied his perfectly. He had his sights set on me. I knew of all those here he would make sure I was dead. It was because of me and my shield he had lost so many of his coven. A part of me felt a vindictive joy in that. I ran at him and he ran at me, Renata closely followed him. Several of the wolves and our allies tried to intercept them. But Renata's own shield caused them to veer off and take a different path without a second thought or hesitation. I ran in a straight line, getting closer and closer to Aro, never once loosing focus. Suddenly Aro and I were face to face, I had a moment of pleasure to think once more my shield proved stronger then any of his vampire's talents when he brought his hand up and slammed his palm into my chest, sending my sailing through the air before I even had a chance to strike him. I landed into someone with a grunt. It was Edward. Aro continued his march on us. Edward and I shared a look, I gripped his hand tightly. Just as Aro and Renata ran at us Edward grabbed my left leg and right shoulder, he spun me around just as Aro arrived my foot connected with his face. "Master!" Renata shrieked. Edward tossed me through the air. As I flew past Aro I kicked him in the back. I landed in front of Renata who looked both shocked and terrified. I heard Edward and Aro struggle behind us. I could see Renata's terrified expression as her master fought for his life. She let out a war cry and charged at me. She took a few swipes at me. But her attacks were pathetically wild, almost newborn like. I grabbed her by her neck and threw her to the ground, she gripped at my arm but I quickly severed her head from her body. I turned in time to see Aro had Edward's arms locked in front of him. His hands on his face, the terrifying sound of Edward's skin beginning to break could be heard. Acting quickly I jumped on Aro's back and began to pull on his head. Finally he let Edward go. He took a step back then ran forward and kicked Aro's right leg out, causing him to fall to his knees. I put Aro into a headlock and Edward kicked him in the back causing Aro to let out a cry of pain and jerk forward. The one little jerk helped me rip his head off. As his head slid on the ground I saw the torch device Caius used on Irina and Carlisle lying on the ground nearby. I quickly grabbed it, dozens of guards saw what was happening and were rushing us. I did not have time to say good bye to Edward. We could not escape, he let out a snarl and protected my back but I knew he would be quickly overwhelmed. I lunged forward, the torch blazed to life with a sharp hiss. I heard Edward struggling behind me, heard the sounds of caps flapping in the air. Aro's head exploded in flames, but before I had time to feel a sense of victory my visions was shrouded in darkness. Fusedtwilight: So what did you all think? I didn't want to do too much of the movie, only the parts I thought they could have included the mentioned characters and such. Hope you all enjoyed.