once more and wrapping my small body in a towel. I let him hold me in his arms as he rubbed me dry, tending to my ears and my face with gentle pats. I glanced at my hands, which were no longer caked with dirt and grime. They were pale and smooth, without a single flaw. I was pretty. Once I was dry he set me down on the rug and fetched me dry clothes. Chives, the grey-haired man, had gone to the store to buy them for me. My underwear was plain white, like children's underwear. This was important because the fact he didn't give me provocative undergarments showed that he wasn't interested in me for sexual pleasure. That was good. He laid out different outfits for me to choose from, and I picked the small white dress. It fit me perfectly and it was loose enough to wear comfortably over my tail. "My name is Jasper Whitlock." My savior spoke. Jasper. The name echoed repeatedly in my head. "I'm not your owner. I'm not your enemy. I'm your friend." "Jasper." I whispered, liking the way his name sounded when I said it. "And according to your paperwork, your name is 8276." Jasper was now looking over the file that the lady at the mill had given him. "That's no name for a little girl." I looked at him expectantly. He could call me anything he wanted to in that southern accent he had. "You're a curious little one. And you look lost. Like you're in another world." He continued to watch me for a moment. My tail tapped quietly against the floor. "What about Alice? Like, Alice in Wonderland?" I didn't know what he was talking about, but I smiled and nodded my head anyway. Alice sounded a lot nicer than a jumble of numbers assigned at creation. "Alright, well that's out of the way..." Jasper seemed to think for a moment. "Are you hungry, Alice?" My stomach made a loud gurgling noise as if on cue. I couldn't remember the last time I had eaten. My stomach was so sunken in that I felt it had been weeks. Jasper lifted me up and cradled me in one arm as he walked back down the spiral staircase. The house was gigantic, I felt that there was no way I would ever remember all the turns and levels that he led me through. "This is our kitchen." He explained to me, stepping through a set of very large double doors. Chives was standing by the table with two large plates of steaming food set out with utensils and glasses. "Lunch is served." He said with a polite smile, stepping away from the table. Jasper set me down in one of the chairs and scooted me in so I could reach the table. The food in front of me looked unreal. I had often fantasized about flavorful meals like this. I glanced at Jasper as if to ask for his permission to eat, but he was already sitting down in his own chair. I picked up one of the utensils timidly. It was round and shiny. "Alice, that isn't how you hold a spoon." Jasper's voice soothed from beside me. He leaned over, touching my tiny hand and spinning around the utensil so the round part was sticking out. "There you go... here, you scoop some in and hold it up to your mouth." He did the first bite for me, holding it to my lips to taste. I took a small bite off the metallic object and began to chew. Of course it was the most delicious thing I had ever tasted in my life. I took the spoon from him and began to eat like he showed me. Within minutes my plate was empty and my stomach was thanking me. I had never felt so full or satisfied. "You look a lot better already." Jasper smiled. He had already risen from his place at the table and was standing beside my chair. I looked up him cheerfully, reaching my hands up towards him like a toddler. I wanted him to hold me again. I was scooped up into his arms and cradled against his warm t-shirt. "Chives, will you get the dishes? I'm going to brush Alice's teeth and get her settled in." "Of course, Major." We left the kitchen together and returned to the oversized bathroom. After my teeth were brushed and my breath was minty fresh, I sat patiently on the edge of the counter as he brushed his own. "Jasper?" He looked at me expectantly. "Why does Chives work for you? Isn't that why you bought me?" Nekos were soley created for work and pleasure. I had never heard of another human working for another human before. "Chives is a very good family friend." Jasper rinsed his mouth from the faucet and wiped it off with a hand towl. He didn't say anything else, picking me up again and carrying me out of the bathroom. My ears flattened to my head. I hoped I hadn't upset him. We headed down another twisting hallway and into a large room with a high ceiling. Jasper set me down on a very big bed, higher up from the ground that I could reach. It was extremely soft and comfortable. "This is my room," he told me, "and it's also your room." I gazed around aimlessly. "At least until we get your room finished." When I looked back at Jasper, he was lying on his back across the velvet comforter. His eyes were closed, and his chest was rising and falling in a steady pattern. Something in my chest urged me to crawl over to him. My savior welcomed me with open arms, and I curled up against his side. His gentle fingers rubbed the sensitive skin behind my ears. I closed my eyes and purred, happily realizing that I had found my place. My true home. My savior.