and I was having him to satisfy my desire. The burning in me reached a pitch and I could tell from the way he was breathing and tensing his body he was close as well. A few more thrusts later and I threw my head back and howled loudly into the night time sky. Embry followed suite and as I tightened around him he began to pour into me, his semen gushed into me, burning my inside with a sizzling heat. We laid there catching our breath. The high of our carnal act began to disappear and I looked him with the same look he was giving me. Amazed, shocked, embarrassed, confused, blissful, content. I just fucked Embry, he just gave me one of the most intense orgasms of my life. Embry who was always quiet, yet friendly. Who loved to make a good bet and was very loyal to his friends. Who never yelled at me or told me to piss off, even when I rubbed the fact he was a bastard out of wedlock in his face. And he just fucked me like a pro. "Leah, are you okay?" he asked. "Yeah I just...I don't know what happened. My body just switched form normal to horny and...well...you know. What about you?" "I was rushing to get to you before you phased but then I caught your scent and...it's different, your different. I followed it to you thinking how amazing you now smelled and then the same thing happened to me and it was like a switch went off in my head." I stood up and he slid out of me. We both groaned from the sensation and his semen began to leak from my vagina. Thank God I can't get pregnant, he shot me with so much of his load it would have been a sure thing. "Leah why do you look different? Did something happen?" "No, I went to bed and woke up like this," I said. We stood there awkwardly for a few moments. "What should we do?" he asked. "Let's do our patrol and then head home. We'll talk to Billy about this," I said. "Great, that will be a fun talk," he said dryly. We phased and went on patrol. Jake had night classes, Quil was babysitting Claire and Seth had the morning shift. Jared and Paul would be taking over after our shift ended and I wanted to be gone before they phased. I knew it was only a matter of time before this damned mind link power showed them what happened. Pretty soon the whole pack would see exactly what happened. I am still wishing I could just die. We both tried to think about anything else, but of course our minds kept on thinking about what had happened. Why had it happened? Would it happen again? Why us? We did not speak, embarrassment and shame kept us from talking. But our connection was strong enough to tell one another that although we were a little scared and confused. We both really, really enjoyed what had happened. A lot. We ran our patrol, nothing out of the ordinary. No signs of any leeches. Well I guess that is that. Jared and Paul will be taking over now, Embry said. Yeah, let's go home. And Embry...I am sorry...for what happened. It's okay Leah. I don't know what happened, but I have to confess...I did like it. I grinned. Me too call. Your not to bad in the sack. He chuckled. Yeah, finally gave up my V card on graduation night. We had a bon fire down at the beach and a bunch of kids form Forks showed up to party with us. You sly dog. See you tomorrow Call. See you later Leah. Embry ran off to his house. Once he was close enough he phased back to human and I was by myself. I went on my home, my mind racing. I had to admit, I did feel good. What happened although unexpected did leave me feeling very satisfied in the way a woman feels when she has had a very good lay. I was running home when it hit me again. The burning fire between my legs returned full force and I let out a yelp, falling to the ground. I writhed on the ground, writhing as my woman hood once again betrayed me and filled me with an aching need. I phased back to human and lay on the ground holding myself. "Not again!" I moaned. I don't know how long I lay there on the ground, writhing around, rubbing myself in order to extinguish this beautiful, terrible fire. But I soon became aware something was coming. Twigs snapped and the ground shook as once more something came rushing through the woods. I looked up, expecting to see Embry, figuring the need overwhelmed him again too. But instead of seeing a sleek wolf with gray fur and black spots I saw a wolf that was built more sturdy and had dark silver fur. "Paul." He was acting just like Embry had been. His chest heaving as he breathed hard, his eyes filled with a primal darkness and his cock hung proudly from it's sheath. He phased back and looked at me with a leer. I should be freaking out, this was even more bizarre and wrong then Embry. He began to walk to me, his cock erect and dripping pre-cum stood proudly. His intent clear in his eyes and his manhood. I was going to get fucked again by another of my pack brothers. And I wanted it. Fusedtwilight: Sorry this chapter is short, but the next one will be bigger. So what is going on with Leah? Why is she suddenly feeling like this? Is she going through Heat or was her dream something more? And will Paul cross that line that a imprinted wolf shouldn't be able to cross? I think you already know that answer. Please review.