can see that you've tried my diet." But then she pauses, looking unsure. "And?" she prods. "And what?" I stand against her, hands finding hips, pulling her closer. She braces her hands on my shoulders, searching me for something. "And, what did you think? Can you live this way? A vegetarian vampire?" I skim my nose along her jaw. "For you? Anything," I whisper in her ear. . . "Do you promise to stay hidden?" I ask, concerned eyes pleading with her to agree. She nods, giving me her assurances. She had to beg me to allow her to accompany me on this job, but the alternative wasn't really an option for either of us. Even I have to admit that I'm stronger with her in close proximity. I position her up on a ledge so she has a full vantage point of the action below. Knowing she's watching fills me with an energy I've never experienced before. Her mere presence bolsters my confidence tenfold. I stalk the rogue as if I'm a predator, and I am. By the time he knows of my existence, it's too late. I pounce, ripping his head from his shoulders with one clean leap. I revel in his dismemberment. A fire burns. A different kind of fire than the burn of separation. By the time the purple flames rise into the night, she pounces. We flip and churn through the dilapidated building, the high of having her so close quenches me more than the kill. As we battle and rage, the gaping in our hearts slowly recedes. Connected as one, the hole closes completely, leaving a hum of satisfaction in its wake. . . We visit the Cullens. I compel Alice to remember. And even though she's pissed my gift worked so well on her, she's not very upset in general. "I know you're a good one, Edward. I have more than my premonitions to keep me informed. Some would say I have a source ." She winks and dances off, leaving me standing behind her slack-jawed. "What was that all about?" Bella asks, pushing my mouth closed. I shake my head to clear it. "Why that sneaky fucker," I mumble. She forces me to look at her. "What?" "Jasper." "Your Hunter friend," she asks, brows furrowed. "Yes, seems he and Alice somehow know each other," I muse aloud. "Jasper used a source to help with my final kill as a Hunter, the one that turned me into this." She grabs my hand. "Well, let's go find out." Turning, she leads me from the room and up the stairs. Alice is seated on a loveseat, awaiting our arrival. "Took you long enough." "Alice, you can't just drop a bomb like that on Edward and walk away," Bella admonishes her. Alice sighs, but still doesn't speak. I take a seat and pull Bella down on the arm beside me. "So you know Jasper," I state, rather than ask. "I do," she says, but doesn't expand. "You were his source the night I was turned." Again, I point out a fact and my mind is whirling, emotions gathering. She meets my eyes, her expression serious. "I was." "So you knew that I'd be turned," I say, my voice even, but the anger is building. Bella gasps. Alice stands and starts to pace rapidly back and forth. "I did, but I also knew that you were meant for Bella so I couldn't stop it from happening." "You couldn't stop it!" I roar, jumping to my feet. "You had the foresight of that night and yet you sent me into a trap!" She stops pacing and blurs to stand in front of me, her finger jabbing into my chest. "You know as well as I do that all Hunters meet their end at the hands of a vampire. Some young, some old, but they all die at the hands of their prey." My anger turns to irritation. She's right, of course, but she had the knowledge to stop my transformation and didn't. "With warning, I could've used a different tactic," I argue. "You could've warned Jasper that James knew of our existence." Her shoulders deflate, her ire fading. "Don't you see? You were always meant to be killed by James. He was stalking you with the intent to drain you dry when you least expected. I sent you in prepared to kill him. And you survived." Her voice is soft now, pleading. "Your path changed and now you're where you truly belong." My eyes find my mate and all the simmering emotions fall away. I have no argument for that. I am where I belong. . . Clothes tattered from a wild encounter. Blood dribbles down my lips. "Nothing like the taste of a well hunted polar bear," she says, licking me clean. "Nothing like the taste of you," I reply, smirking. "I think these clothes are useless," she adds, already snatching them from my body. "I agree." . . My mate. She's sitting on her cliff and she feels my approach. Not a burn, just a hum of oneness. Nothing hesitant about this visit. I slide in behind her, cradling her between my powerful thighs. Moving her hair to one side, my lips skim her neck. "I love you," I whisper. "I love you. Forever." "Forever," I repeat, tightening my arms around her. I have this in its original version. EPOV for the beginning with BPOV taking over when they meet. It isn't as completely refined as this version, but it is completely written. I will post that part UNBETA'D tomorrow. Please go read the entries posted if you care to take a walk on the Red Eye side and be sure to leave the authors some love in the form of just a follow/fave, or even better, a review. And, please, don't forget to vote for your favorite … one that meets the Red Eyed Edward criteria. Search author Red Eyed Edward to find the contest.