cold. I just woke up in the trunk." "Was he the only one involved?" the chief asks. "As far as I could tell. Wait, where is he?" He looks around, taking us all in. "Dead," I answer, anger lacing my tone. His eyes go wide then settle on the chief. "I guess that answers the dirty cop problem." The chief nods his head once and pulls his radio from his belt. After making a call for backup and the coroner, he suggests we walk in so I can explain exactly what happened. After following him inside, he levels me an expectant look, so I start talking. I tell him the whole story, leaving out the declarations he heard. No reason to remind him how I might've messed this case up by sleeping with the witness. "Wait a minute. So you're telling me the girl killed Whitlock?" "Yes—" Bella interrupts. "It's Bella. Not girl," she gripes. He cuts his eyes over to her. "Excuse me, Miss Dwyer but—" She interrupts again, only this time she crosses her arms over her chest and stares him down. "No, not Miss Dwyer," she sneers. "It's Miss Higginbotham." The chief's eyebrows raise high into his hairline, and he studies her. His eyes take in her face very carefully, looking at each and every feature. "As in Renee Higginbotham?" She sucks in a breath. "You know my mother?" He doesn't answer, just asks another question. "How old are you?" "Nineteen," she answers, studying him curiously. If he knows her mother, maybe he can give her some insight on where to look for her father. He has been in Forks his whole life. His face visibly pales with her answer then he jumps up, snapping to attention. "McCarty, you get Bella's things and take her to the new safe house." "I'm not going anywhere until you tell me if you knew my mother, and I am not leaving without Edward." She balls her fists at her side. The chief takes on an air of authority. "Yes, I knew your mother. And you will be leaving with McCarty. Cullen and I will catch up as soon as backup arrives." His tone says it all. Bella will be leaving with McCarty. Bella huffs and crosses her arms over her chest before turning to me. "Edward, tell him. I don't want to leave without you. Look what happened last time we were separated." She waves her hand toward our bedroom where Whitlock's body lies. "Bella," I say praying she'll listen. "Please, just do what the chief says. I promise McCarty's safe and will guard you with his life. I'll be right behind you." She deflates. "Please, Bella, I promise. Just do what he says." "All right, I'll go." She walks up to me and lowers her voice. "But please hurry, Edward. I love you and need you." I gently cup her cheek and give her a small peck on the lips. "I love you. Now go before the others get here." McCarty follows her into the bedroom to grab a few things. I glance to the chief, his face is almost turning purple with his fists balled at his sides. Bella and McCarty return with a small bag clutched in his hands. She gives me one last pleading look before following him out the front door. I try to explain myself. "Chief—" "Just shut the fuck up, Cullen!" he all but screams. When backup arrives, the chief sets them to bandaging my wound. After the forensic crew and coroner get here, he barks orders, leaving his assistant in charge, and then demands I follow him to the car. At least we're headed to Bella now; I can finally breathe again. When we pull onto the highway he breaks the silence. "So, Cullen. Care to tell me how you came to be fucking the witness?" His hands fist the wheel as if he might break it in two, knuckles white with the effort. "Charlie, I—" His fist slams the dash. "Don't you fucking Charlie me you son of a bitch." "Sir …" I'm at a loss. I knew it might cost me my job, but I never expected him to be this irate. Finally, after taking a few calming breaths, he speaks again, slowly this time. "Cullen, not only are you fucking our star witness in this case, but you're most likely fucking my nineteen -year-old daughter!" His eyes are cold and deadly. My brain starts replaying his words, and finally comprehension sets in. Motherfucker! Not only might I lose my job, but now I might lose my life, too. Before I can consider it too much, his harsh, authoritative voice breaks in once more. "This is what's going to happen. When we get to this house, you're going to tell Bella you have to leave her in McCarty's care, that you're recusing yourself from this case. Trial starts Monday; that's what I was meeting you for. He'll be with her every step of the way." "Chief, don't make me leave her, please," I beg. Doesn't he understand how much she means to me? "You can and you will," he demands. "I might not be able to order you as her"—he chokes up a bit—"father, but I sure as fuck can as your commanding officer." He cuts his eyes to me, and the meaning is clear. He doesn't want me anywhere near his possible daughter. "Are. We. Clear. Detective?" "Yes, sir." As I reply, I'm already planning my defiance. I've always respected the chief, but even he won't keep me from Bella, father or not. I promised I'd protect her with my life, and that's what I intend to do. Thank you so much to everyone involved in the contest; hosts, judges, validators, banner makers, blinkie makers, secret keeper, all of the other authors and most of all to you the readers who made it so successful! Chapter 2 is written and hoping to be beta'd soon :) See you then!