"I know, Edward. She knows, too. She's devastated." She sighs and stands a couple steps below me. "Just make sure you've completely forgiven her before you go to her." "Would I really kill her?" I ask incredulously. "That scenario's too fuzzy for my liking, so it's better to be safe?" She lifts her brow until I give her a nod. "I knew before I joined the Opposition that we'd end up here, that's why I did it. Bella was filled with so much hate for vampires that she wasn't willing to look beyond it to see the good you've been doing." She places her hand on my shoulder and grips it firmly. "It's your destiny to rebuild the world, Edward. Just imagine how much more effective you can be with the Opposition on your side." "You think that'll happen?" "I know so, especially when your mate is their leader, although she won't be happy about Jacob." Alice taps her temple. "Jacob?" "Yeah, the other prisoner." She narrows her eyes and pops that hand on her hip. "Oh," I say, remembering James and the way I killed him, but then I get angry. "You do know he murdered two humans, right?" "What? No!" "Yes, he admitted it before I drained him dry." She looks off in the distance for a split-second before focusing back on me with a horrified expression. "Oh, I see. How could I have missed that?" "I'm not sure, but it's inexcusable," I say, crossing my arms in a huff. "He paid with his life." "Bella will understand. The whole point of the Opposition's existence is to protect humans." She smiles sadly. "I don't know how Jacob ever thought differently." "Then we already have a common goal." I sigh heavily, this whole conversation weighing on me. "More than one. You'll see, Edward." She pats my shoulder as she passes, exiting the stairwell door. Left in her wake is nothing but a desperate need to see Bella. There's nothing to consider on my part, really. The most burning question I have now is does she still want to kill me or will she be happy I'm alive. Instead of speeding down to her room, I walk slowly, taking each step one by one. As much as I want that answer, getting the wrong one would devastate me. As always, when I get to the bottom step, the fire rages, but the closer I move to her door, the more the buzz spreads over me. Her deep, even breaths tell me she's sleeping, so I slip through the door as quietly as possible. I sink down on the floor beside her bed and take in deep lungsful of her luscious scent. But it's different this time. Salt laces each and every breath. Tears. I can't stop myself. I push her hair from her face and run my finger over the dried tracks. "Edward," she mumbles softly before shaking her head violently. "No! No!" she screams, sitting upright in the bed. I freeze, unsure what to do, until her eyes snap to mine. "Edward?" Before I can confirm that it is in fact me, her whole body slams into mine. Being that I'm a super-fast, supernatural being, I catch her easily and pull her tightly to me. Her head burrows into my neck as deep sobs wrack her frame. I just hold her and let her cry. Running my hand in a circuit up and down her back, I rock us slightly and do everything in my power to assure her that I'm here. We stay like this for a long time, and I'm just content to be touching her. Eventually the tears dry, the hiccups fade, and the real work begins. She pulls back and studies me. "I thought you were dead." I nod. "I'm sorry, I didn't know." I brush my hand over my head. "I was away for a few days." "I'm glad you're not," she says, her eyes filling with tears. I reach up and catch them just as they spill. "Oh, Bella. Please, don't cry." The salty scent calls to me, so I shrug and taste it. She watches me and her eyes widen slightly, but she makes no objection. "How?" she asks, leaning closer and grabbing my cheeks between her palms. "How are you alive, Edward? I made that serum myself. It should've burned you from the inside-out the moment you drank my blood." A cynical chuckle bubbles up, and I point to my eyes. "Do you see these? They're not contacts, Bella, they're radioactive." She gasps, her hands jerking away from my face to cover her mouth. Even in the dark, I can both hear and see the blood as it rushes her cheeks. She throws her arms around my neck in a death grip. "I'm sorry, Edward. So, so, sorry. Thinking you were dead. It was too much." I grip her shoulders and pull her back to where our faces are only inches apart. "Look, it's not important. I don't care. What I do care about is you and me, because even after this, I want you like I always have. In every way. You're my mate, Bella. The only woman I'll ever feel this way for." I hold her gaze with serious eyes, making sure she understands my commitment to her. She shifts her body, leaning forward to run her lips along my jawbone and up to my ear. I hold completely still, anticipation zipping through my poison-filled veins. "I want you in every way, too, Edward. I want to be your mate." But then she leans back to meet my eyes. "On one condition." I smirk, confident that whatever it is, I can give it to her. "What's that?" "I get to be the Boss of the Doomsday Mafia." Thank you for reading :) TB will post tomorrow, and then Wednesday, Operation Nail the Swan will post in three chapters through Friday with an additional 900ish words added to the ending.