the colossal explosion. As I ignite, Bella fuels me on with her breathy moans. No sooner than I end, I begin again. Within minutes, I need more until the fires finally smolder to a simmer. Shutting the water off and placing a towel around my waist, I wrap one around Bella and carry her up to my room. Every GG house has a room for her three grandsons. We dry off and crawl under the covers in T-shirts and boxers. Bella is cold, so I go into the closet to find a terrycloth robe and an unfamiliar box. Bella wraps the robe over her, as I bring the box into the bed. "What's that?" "I don't know." I open the box to find old letters and photos. Bella digs in and finds a note from Bob Hope's wife: " Dear Grace, I can't thank you again for the great advice. Bob is off with one of his floozies but said he will be home before ten. I have to be grateful that he comes back home to me. Yes, I now make him wear a condom every time we are together now. Stardom has tainted him in so many ways. I just can't walk away after so many years. It's too embarrassing. Thank you for listening and keeping my secret. Love, Dolores Hope "Wow, he was cheating on her?" "With many. 'Too many women, too little time' was one of his mottos." Bella groans in disappointment. "I used to like Bob Hope." "Hey, she accepted his behavior," I say. "But that doesn't excuse it. I'm really surprised." "In Hollywood, it can be a way of life." "God, Edward, I can't believe she knew all these people," Bella gasps. "She made most of their careers." She grabs another letter. "Thanks for sharing dinner with me last night. I appreciate you coming out to console me. Jack just couldn't get away, and I felt so all alone." Bella's eyes widen. "Jesus, that was Marilyn Monroe, and she was talking about JFK." "Yeah, my mom told me she was very quiet and shy." "I can't imagine what it would be like growing up with all these actors hanging around your house." "My grandmother made her house a haven for these celebrities. She was loved." Bella reads another letter, "Thank you, Ms. Platt. Once again, a great review from you, and I am loved again. Forever in your debt, Frank Sinatra. Wow." "That one was my mom's," I explain. "She had many guys after her, but when she met Dad, that was it." "Why didn't you follow in their footsteps?" I huff, "I'm better reading the lines than writing them. Besides, Mom's my best critic." I laugh. Bella hesitates, "And what kind of lifestyle do you follow?" "You've been my mother's assistant for three years. How many women have been around me?" "I've seen hundreds around you … but" … she shyly whispers. "Around me maybe, and that's all part of the show. But none of them are ever with me in private. None of them know me the way you do." I cup her jaw in my hand. "Bella, I haven't wanted anyone else since I first saw you." She opens her mouth in absolute surprise. "Look, I'm not the playboy other reporters make me out to be. Mom and GG said it like it is. All I needed was the right 'one' in my life." I grab an envelope with my name in GG's handwriting. I tear it open and read out loud. " My Dear Edward, If you are reading this, then, I'm pushing up daisies. Now, don't be sad. I've had a very full life, and it was certainly time to go find your grandfather and kick some ass in heaven. I hope you know that I am very proud of you. I did write letters to all my grandsons. So, should you find this first, please tell Emmett and Jasper I left letters in their rooms, too. Edward, please listen to me. That romantic/comedy script you received last month, you need to look it over again. I know you don't want to play a romantic lead, but this was written so well, and the character you can relate to; a guy searching for his soulmate. I just have a feeling about this movie. It will be a huge success and catapult you into an A++ list. Jesus, it was so funny. Bella has the copy, so ask her for it. And sometimes, my grandson, what you seek is right under your nose. So, stop dilly dallying and confess your feelings. I may be right on the money, but I can bet my life, well, I would have when I had it, ha, ha, ha, that she feels the same way. I love you, Edward. You've been everything and even more than I expected. You've grown into a very handsome, young man who is equally as beautiful on the inside. Be happy, my love. Marry the girl, have lots of sex and babies and name one for me. Love, GG I have to admit GG doesn't mince words. I know I'm beet red and the tips of my ears are on fire. When I finally look at Bella, she nods. "She's right." "About what?" I ask. "About the girl's feelings." I smile. "Yeah?" "Yeah. Can we keep it normal?" I lock foreheads. "I'd like normal. Well, as normal as …" "Let's read more letters." I tease, "You like this fangirling thing." "I don't know. The letters make this all normal. Makes these celebrities more real people." "They are real people, Bella." She grabs another note, and her eyes widen. " Thanks, Mrs. Platt, for the chicken soup and matzo balls. Ringo's cold is better. Love and peace, John Lennon She swoons, "Yeah, real normal." We laugh. The End *BF* *SRO - Standing Room Only. *Bimah - An elevated platform typically elevated by two or three steps in a synagogue. *BF*