fire. al-Qadi stood, paying the screaming Carlisle no more mind, and placed the tip of the sword against his throat,and use the heel of his hand to push the sword through his neck, decapitating himself. Carlisle lay there, screaming, his body filled with fire. He was discovered much later, flailing on the ground by a second retinue of knights sent to discover what had happened and why he had not returned. When he finally clawed his way out of the fire he was laying on a cot in his father's estate, a chambermaid pouring water into a tin cup. Carlisle sat up, registering everything in instant. He could smell her blood, smell the sap of the wood in the floor, his vision was unimpaired, the agony of his wounds. Carlisle stared at his open palms, he had been hurt quite badly, there was no denying that. So why did he feel so well, why did he feel as if the pain were just a dream. And perhaps most frighteningly of all the stillness in his chest. "Excuse me." Carlisle said quietly to the chambermaid. The woman jumped a mile from where she was standing, spilling the jug of water in her hands. "Lord Carlisle! You're awake!" "Yes… yes I am. Where… where exactly am I?" Carlisle asked, still gazing at his hands. "Why you are in your estate my lord, you were injured most grievously!" The chambermaid said, picking up the jug. Her scent, the scent of her blood thrumming through her veins. The red flush underneath her skin as she took in his form, his figure. All imperfections wiped away, his wounded eye healed, his numerous battle wounds gone. His golden blonde hair glowing in the weak light of the candles. He turned and placed his feet on the ground, gripping his chest. "My lord?" The chambermaid asked, taking a step toward him. "Stay away! Stay back! My father, my father and the physician! Get them, please!" Carlisle shouted, his hand tightening on his chest, his fingers punching through the skin bringing sluggish maroon blood to the surface. The nurse flew from the room, as Carlisle began to frantically claw and tear at his chest, the wounds his gouging fingers made seeming to heal even as he tore new wounds. But as his panic and fear increased so did the certainty that his heart should be beating in kind, it should increase its tempo but it did not. It did not. His father entered the room, followed behind him by the physician who was clutching a cross close to himself. There was a retinue of knights behind them, armed to the teeth, some of them he recognized as his own. "Father! Father help me! Help, my heart isn't beating! My heart isn't beating! Something is wrong!" Carlisle shouted, showing his father his bloody hands. "Yes. Something is very wrong Carlisle." His father said, his eyes cold. "Doctor! Doctor what is wrong with me! What is the problem!" Carlisle shouted. The doctor looked at Father Cullen, and then back at the retinue of knights. He took two nervous steps toward Carlisle, clutching the cross tightly. "M- my lord… you were wounded most grievously… found unconscious next to a pile of ashes… though you screamed ceaselessly. We- we brought you to the estate, and we attempted to soothe you. To bind your wounds... your heart stopped beating. We feared you dead… or- or worse…" "The knights you were sent with are dead, one of them will not see the sun again. And you have been infected with heresy. You have become a monster." Father Cullen said, his hand on the hilt of the sword brought back from the crusade. "Father, father please! I am still me! I am still Carlisle! I… I can fix this! I can fix this!" Carlisle shouted. "I do not have a son, I do not have an heir. Knights, do your duty. Kill the heretic." Father Cullen said, stepping back as the knights filed into the room. Carlisle's combat instinct triggered immediately as the first of the knights drew his sword and swung. Carlisle caught the blade and snatched it from the knight's hand, he pushed him away and rolled off the bed as the other knights surged forward, weapons drawn. Carlisle kicked the mattress toward them and sprinted to the window. He leapt onto it and turned "Father, father please." "Kill the heretic!" His father shouted. The crossbow bolt that pierced his side burned, but it did not hinder him, and he leapt from the window, his cotton pants flapping. He landed on the grounds of the estate and broke into a run, stumbling as he attempted to gain control of his body. Clutching his healing side, pushing past the crowd that had gathered. He ran from everything he knew. The rain poured ceaselessly from a gray sky as Carlisle walked through the streets, bumping into strangers. His eyes wide and staring, his pants spattered with muck. His hair matted to his skull. He tripped and stumbled, falling into a ditch. The events of the last few days playing over and over again in his head. His still heart making him want to cry out, wanting to do anything. The smells of the people around him undiluted by the rain, the smell of their blood tormenting him. The pain in his throat, in his stomach, in his veins demanding something. Demanding sustenance. He would have lay in the ditch forever, his unvocalized prayer that he would erode his new form. Would take him to pieces. He forced himself to his knees, the water running down his face. And then he forced himself to his feet, his mother died for this. For this monster. For this undying affront to god himself. His father was no concern, he had no father. No mother. No knights. And now he had lost God. Carlisle stumbled through the dreary streets of London, lost, afraid and alone. Removed from God's light.