Libby's hair." "No, I'll talk to him. You go enjoy your family. Besides, he's more afraid of me than sweet Aunt Bella." With a shoo in my direction, she headed over to the table that looked like 'operation-up to no good,' all of the Swan men huddled together. When Emmett, who was badly disguised this time in an odd, blond colored wig and glasses, caught sight of his wife headed their way, they quickly dispersed. Scanning the room, my eyes finally landed on my angel and the love of my life, my family. As I walked closer, I could hear their conversation. "And, Daddy, he pulleded my hair! Why is he here anyway? He's a big kid, and big kids shouldn't be here." Her arms were crossed, a pathetic pout on her face. "Now, Libby, he's your cousin, and he was invited. He shouldn't have pulled your hair, but I'm sure Mommy or Aunt Rose will take care of it." She just huffed, and I had to cover my mouth so she didn't hear me giggle. Edward must've heard me though, because he turned to look at me. "I did't avite him. He's not bein' nice to my fwiends either. He throwed a bassetball at Maya. She's only four, Daddy. She's so little." I could see Edward try to hold in his laugh, probably thinking the same thing I was; that just yesterday, she was four as well. "All right, princess, we'll make sure he's nice, okay? If not, we can ask Uncle Em to take him home. Now, do you have enough tickets to get the prize you want?" At the mention of her prize, her eyes lit up. "Awmost. I fink I need some more." "Maybe we can get Mommy to play a few rounds of skeeball to get you the tickets you need, then. She's really good at it." They both looked up at me with hopeful expressions. "Okay, but my game might be off," I said as I rubbed my hands on my just showing baby bump. Edward stood, his hand holding Libby's, and whispered into my ear. "Oh, no, you've definitely got game." He even reached over and pinched my butt, earning a squeak from me. He held his other hand in my direction, a mischievous twinkle in his eyes. "You comin'?" I narrowed my eyes at him and just shook my head. I took his hand, and we walked over toward the skeeball game. Before we reached it, Libby decided she wanted to go play with her friends again, and ran off. So, I was left with my husband in front of the wall of skeeball ramps. "So, Mrs. Cullen, ready to play with some balls?" he asked as he leaned down to put the token in the game. The serious look on his face just made me laugh. "Edward, you do realize we're at our daughter's birthday party, right?" "Yeah, yeah, I'll tone it down." He wrapped me in his arms, and as soon as our lips touched, chaos broke out around us. I saw several Chuck E Cheese employees gathered on the other side of the large room, near the basketball game. Several other people were rushing over to investigate. As we walked over, I saw Rose and Alice, who was holding her daughter, Maya. Jasper was right behind her, rubbing her shoulders, trying to calm her down, no doubt. As we got closer, I could hear bits of the conversation. "He was using the basketball like a bowling ball, trying to knock down other children, ma'am. We also discovered that he was in the boy's room, emptying the toilet paper and paper towel dispensers. We're going to have to ask that he leave the premises." I could see both anger and resignation in the slump of Rose's shoulders. I was close enough that I could hear when she quietly asked, "Will he be allowed to come back?" The sigh from the manager told me what was coming next. "I'm sorry, ma'am, but we can't allow him to return. He was asked numerous times by management to stop his behavior, but he continued to terrorize other customers. I'm sure you understand." She nodded. "I do, and I'm sorry for the trouble he's caused." Emmett walked up behind Jasper. They were whispering; Emmett, no doubt getting filled in on what had happened. I could see the moment he knew that his son has just been banned from Chuck E Cheese, because his head popped up, a smile on his face. "Eric Swan! I didn't think you could do it! You got banned from Chuck E Cheese, too?" There was an odd look of pride on his face. "Swan? You're a Swan?" The manager was looking from Eric to Rose, seeking confirmation. "Yes, he's a Swan. His father is the idiot in the horrible blond wig," she said with fire in her eyes. "Wait! How did you get in here?" The manager looked over to Emmett, probably just now recognizing the face that's still, undoubtedly, posted in the break room. "You need to leave, sir, and take your son with you." We stepped back some then, not wanting to get in the middle of things; Emmett and Rose were now arguing while the manager was trying to coax him and Eric out the door. Edward leaned down and whispered in my ear. "Think we should mention that you're related to that big oaf? That you're a Swan too?" I turned in his arms, looking up into his eyes. "No, I'm a Cullen." "That's right, you are." He leaned down to kiss me, and I was lost in the moment until I heard Emmett's cries, as he and Eric were being hauled out the front door by what I thought was security. My brother was defiantly, proudly yelling, "But, it's where a kid can be a kid! I'll always be a kid!" A/N: Please be sure to leave our fabulous Fran some wonderful birthday love!