at him. His screams filled my ear like music. " Now you will have something taken away from you like you too away from me" blood covered my hand and knife. I let the knife fall on the floor then I stood up and laughed like I was really enjoying it. That was the last I saw of him as I turned and walked away. Once I was out side I paused at the door, it was raining. A beautiful night fill with stars, partially clouded and rain. I let it wash away the blood off my hands, and as it poured down on me I felt it wash away what he had done to me. I knew it wouldn't completely take it away but it felt like things were going to be okay. I walked in to the car and started the engine then took off. I didn't know where we would go but I just wanted to be away from here. " Bella." " Yes Monique?" she took my right hand in hers and squeezed it. " Let's leave right now me and you... My parents own a house down in Chicago by the river." I smiled at her then kissed her palm " Let's do that but how are we going to get through?" " My parents have an account for me but I made another, I have been saving money. There is enough for both of us, we could finish high school start all over and forget everything" " I would love to do that." " Good because that is all I have ever wanted since I met you." " why did you never say anything?" we were now on the road leaving Jackson behind us. " I never thought you would feel anything for me and when I started to put the pieces together I just kept it my mouth shut." It was still raining and we were crossing an intersection when a bright light appeared on Monique's side and the car we were in was hit. …. After that I don't remember anything but waking up in a hospital to find out Monique had died, and I was once again alone and helpless. Knowing she had died because of me made everything worst. She had been a friend and at the end my lover, and the life ahead that we wanted would never happen. After the news I got into a bigger depression and pulled out the IV I had in my arms and broke a vase that was next to the bed. I took a piece of the glass and sliced at my arms. Doctors came in as I passed out. A day later my parent came home found me in the hospital doctors did check ups on me. Police had been to my house and found Eddie on the floor dead. Someone I loved and someone I hated had died that night. I had wished with all my power that I had died that night too if it hadn't been because of the doctors I would have made it. The police added one and one plus what the doctor said, they came to a conclusion. I wasn't found guilty but I would still go to jail for Monique's death. I had told my parents what had actually happen and they just refused to believe in me saying that Eddie could never do such things. The doctor's wife that had looked after me worked at the Sinclair's mental institution. During the week I spent at the hospital she was the only one that came to visit me. She had taken me as one of her patients but I never spoke a word to her. She would sit by my bed. Sometimes for more than an hour looking at me. The first couple days she tried to make me speak but I never budge. She said she wanted to help me. The irony in that. The day I was to be released of the hospital, police had showed up to take me to boot camp till I turned eighteen. Ms. Platt had showed up with some papers and telling the officers that I was not "Fit" for a place like that. She then told them that I would be institutionalized at the clinic where she works until I got better. So that's how I ended in this shit hole. I have always kept to myself yet I still knew everyone in here. I was in the second floor. This place was divided in three parts. The first floor was for those that had eating disorders and were depressed. The second was where they had those depressed, self-harmers and those with other mental disorders. And the third floor was for the psychos and part isolation for those that got out of hand. Rumors had been going around that Dr. Platt's step-daughter was going to be arriving to the clinic as an intern student. No one knew who she was except for CeeCee. CeeCee was Dr. Robert's daughter, she had been in hear longer than anyone else. From the day I came in CeeCee has been very persistent into getting into my pants. After the first week of her pushing at me I got fed up and the anger took over me. I had given her a burst lip and bruise eye that landed me in isolation for three days but that only seemed to spur her on. Monique had been the only person I never flinched from when they got too close or touched me. Yet CeeCee seemed to have that exact same effect on me. Even with her pushing her self on me I didn't flinch or recoiled away. All her attitude did to me was annoy me, maybe because I knew she was wouldn't just take something. For her to possess something she had to be granted permission. It had taken her six months of persuasion to get a kiss out of me.