skin made me feel completely safe and reassured. This time when I felt the cool and sweet breath against my face I willed my eyes to open. I was greeted with the golden, yet fiercely protective and searching gaze of Rosalie Hale. I silently lifted a hand to cup her face, confused by my own actions. Before today I would have feared to have even been in the same room as this girl, woman, vampire. But this is today, and the contact felt comforting, like I had done this a thousand times before, yet the swirling in my chest reminded me just how foreign this was. Her arms around me, her breath against my face, her deep searching eyes were together making it incredibly hard to focus. She surrounded me, like she was shielding me away from the world and didn't want anyone but herself touching me, even looking at me. I couldn't even tell if anyone was in here with us anymore. I couldn't hear anyone, or anything apart from the rumbling purr and my own breathing. I was confused, utterly lost on what I was doing or what to do, but I couldn't find it in myself to push her off. I needed her here with me. Unlike before, I felt like I'd freak out if she wasn't touching me. Rosalie turned her head into my hand, her eyes closing in something that looked quite blissful. She sniffed greedily against my palm. I shivered when I felt her cool lips purse slightly to touch my skin in a heartbreakingly loving kiss. "Rose." I gasped, completely awed and dumbstruck. The shortening of her name came out on its own and I balked slightly, in fear of her switching back to how I knew her. Rosalie pulled away from my hand and I lowered it shakily. Was she going to mock me after fooling me? She'd probably laugh at how easily she had me believing her act, before flicking her golden hair over her shoulder and sauntering out of the room. A low growling had me snapping my attention back to the vampire, now hovering on top of me. Rosalie had risen onto her hands and knees on either side of my prone body, her own just far enough away for me to see that in fact, we were very much alone. Her growling spiked slightly, making my attention return to her again. Her eyes were still golden, so I didn't know why she was growling at me. She couldn't be thirsty. Rosalie's head tilted to the side, as if to say 'you don't know?' and through my anxiety I almost laughed. But I didn't want Rosalie Hale thinking I was laughing at her, right in her face at that. Who's even lived after that? "Bella..." A low, grumbling, yet still very feminine voice called out. I trepidatiously looked up to meet Rosalie's eyes again. I was so confused, I didn't know what to do, and I didn't know what to say. Instead of doing anything I might regret, I laid their as still as I could and stared up at her, waiting for her to move first. Instead, She stared right back. Her eyes swirling with so many emotions I couldn't pick one out from the other. Her growling was switching back and forth with purring which only confused me more. It was like she was in the same situation as me. After a while she made a whining noise before bending her elbows until she was lying completely on top of me. Her head was hanging against my shoulder, I could hear her sniffing my hair, and feel her when she nuzzled against my ear. I giggled as the fear slowly seeped away and I cupped the back of her neck, as if to hold her there, when we both knew she could pull away easily. She started to gently lick my skin again, specifically my ear this time. Edward had never done anything like this with me; he hadn't really done anything at all. My thoughts started turning to Edward, my boyfriend. I had to remind myself I had a boyfriend I was that distracted. He must know what's happening, he was in here a couple of minutes ago. Was anything happening though? As if she was the mind reader, Rosalie growled quietly and nipped gently the shell of my ear. I gasped, my chest heating up for different reasons that I knew I shouldn't be feeling. "You're so much like a cat it's scary. You're such an attention seeker." I said before I could do anything. I giggled at the truth of it, it seemed when I wasn't looking at her, or thinking of anything but her, she grabbed my attention one way or another. It was kind of cute really. Predictably she started purring again, her slightly aggressive nip turning into languid laps against my ear, then neck, then jaw. She pulled away, hovering over me again, only this time closer. Much closer. I could feel her slight pants against my lips and I closed my eyes at the sensation. It felt divine in a way I thought not possible. "Do you like this?" Rosalie asked suddenly, her voice a breathy whisper that danced across my mouth and face. She shifted to be held up by only one arm as the other came to rest against my chest. I could feel my heart thunder against her hand and hear it pick up on the monitor. I whimpered when she slid it slowly down my stomach. I felt conflicting emotions when she stopped again. "What, What do you mean?" I whimpered almost inaudibly. She chuckled. Before closing the distance between us completely. It's short, but was just a random idea I had, so I don't know where it's going. Tell me what you think? I'd love to hear ideas, as they could influence the story if they impress me that much. ;D See you next time.