new counsel leaders, Rosalie, Charlotte, Alice, and Kate. I relinquish my Priestess to Bella, your new Mother." All cheer. "It is time." The moon shines brightly, the winds die down, and each midwife positions herself at the foot of each birthing table. When the first hour passes and no child has yet to birth, Esme paces with irritation. "Something is terribly wrong. It is after one." The midwives try to reassure her that the babies have their own time and will be born when they are ready. The next hour passes, and still no births. The five chosen wither in pain as beads of sweat fall upon their foreheads and cheeks. Esme rants about the vials. "Did they take them? Did they watch their male donors drink?" As the sun rises, the first child's head finally peeks. Rose is valiant in her efforts as she maintains her strength and pushes without a cry. A coven member wipes her brow as another allows her to lean on her. Rose gives one last push, and all are silent. The baby cries are strong and loud. The midwife shrieks, "It's a boy." Esme runs to her side. "That's impossible. The spell was cast." The midwife spits, "You failed, Esme. This child is male." Bewildered, Esme inspects the baby and whispers, "A boy?" The midwife cuts the cord, covers the baby in a blanket and hands him to Rose. Wild with fear, Rose holds her little boy close to her body. Tears run down her face as she sees Emmett's dark curls and dimpled cheeks in his tiny face. Charlotte is next to deliver. With a slight body and sandy brown hair, the baby is a mini Peter, awkward in his movements. She holds him to her cheek whispering in his ear, "I will protect you, my son." Kate and Alice begin their labor together. Kate sees the resemblance to her Garrett and Alice carefully runs her fingers through her son's blonde, Jasper locks. Yes, two more boys. Four males are born, and all wait for me. The sun shines over the horizon. It's a new day as auburn hair peeks through the birthing canal. The final child is male with Edward's jaw and long fingers. Esme declares that through the laws of the Amazon the births are lost and nonexistent. With the failure, there are no new rulers. The males are not of the coven. There is a rustling of the trees as the five fathers emerge with their High Priest, Carlisle. The Five Chosen cover up and keep their babies near. Carlisle boldly questions, "If the births are lost and nonexistent, Esme, what happens to these boys?" Esme shouts, "What are you doing here? How did you…" "I am very well aware of your coven's doings, Esme, since you turned me down years ago." "I am Amazon, Carlisle. You could not expect me to choose otherwise." "You are the Priestess, Esme; you have the ability to allow change." "Oh, my God, is Edward your son?" She panics and looks at me. "Bella is my daughter." "No! I have no biological children, but Edward is my adopted son. Since you banished me, I could not want for another." Esme cries, "I'm sorry, I only know of one way to live. But how did you alter my spell?" "I, too, know of potions, and counteracted your female genes." I shout out, "But how? We drank from closed bottles." Edward answers, "The lotion I used. It altered the DNA results." I nod. "Then, you weren't asleep?" "Oh, I was. The only change was from the lotion." Emmett stands near Rose. "May I see my son?" Rose opens the blanket and Emmett gasps, "He's me. He has my dimples." "And hair," Rose adds. Emmett leans over Rose in a protective stance, and she lays her head on his shoulder. Acceptance. The other four see their sons. "So, what now, Esme? Will you banish these babies?" Carlisle questions. "We cannot accept them." "And what of their mothers? They are to give their sons away. Or perhaps you can throw them one by one over the cliff!" Carlisle blares with anger. "Don't be ridiculous, Carlisle. You want them you can have them. But my sisters are Amazon, and they remain with the coven." It is at that moment when I speak out with force. "You have no right to give our children away, Esme! You have no right as one person to rule as leader without your counsel. Whatever happened is no error of our doing. We followed the Amazon law, we followed through, and we did not fail. As you proclaimed, I am the new High Priestess, and my four are my counsel unless our coven decides otherwise … Mother" Defeated, Esme sits upon a stone. Carlisle goes to her, kneels and takes her hands. She looks at him with tears streaming down her cheeks. "I have waited twenty-one years for your reign to end, Esme. There has been no other. We now have a chance to merge, to be together. You cannot hold onto the past. Generations create change. Your new five will create change, and you cannot prevent the inevitable. It is what it is." He stands. "Your coven has diminished throughout the years. The Amazon way is not of the future. It is a myth from the past." There is silence. All eyes remain on Esme. Carlisle extends his hand. "Come with me ... please? We can all join forces and live a new life together. Esme hesitates, "B-but I can't." She stares at her feet. He slowly approaches her, lifts her chin and smiles with pleading eyes. "All you have to do is say yes, Esme." She looks at Bella, and with a smile on her face, Bella quickly nods. Esme takes his hand. Carlisle looks around at the Five Chosen and raises his hands. The crowd shouts, "Jump the broom. Jump the broom. Jump the broom." *The End of a new beginning.*