of you is it? Judging by your shapes and colors you bears must be Lahotes, and you're probably Uley's boy huh? Is the cat out of the bag now? Your daddies probably told you what you needed to know?" Jasper said. The silver wolf made the weird clacking laugh that was so familiar to Jasper, only it had been years since he had last heard it. "I'm on my way out, you know what our arrangement is. I just wanted to see the pacific, it relaxes me." Jasper said. "You gonna let me pass? Or you eager to try out all that new power? You just been training, getting a feel for it. You ain't had the opportunity to use it on the real thing just yet. You want to?" One of the bears made a reverberating noise in it's throat, but it was quickly silenced by the silver wolf. The shifters parted to let Jasper leave. "Thanks. Don't worry boys, it's a big world. You'll get your shot at a vampire sooner or later." Jasper said, walking past them. The shifters watched him leave, their eyes glowing in the light of the moon. Edward dropped down from the hospital window, he shook himself and straightened up. He was still thrumming from being so close to Bella. She made his nerve endings flair, she made him feel alive. Just being around her was… She was life. He walked to his car, there was a man leaning against it. Not a man, not anything like a man. A vampire. His face underneath the vampire was plain and unassuming, his yellow eyes glowing, he had a head of thick black hair. Edward approached him, he wasn't quite sure what the situation was, and he hoped this fellow wasn't attempting to intimidate him. "Are you hunting?" the vampire asked. Edward shook his head, "No Alec, I'm not hunting. Any particular reason you're leaned against my car like it's yours?" Alec laughed "Relax ok? Jane sent me here to talk to you, no hostility. You're a head peeper and I don't know the tricks like she does to beat it, if you don't believe me look into my head and check alright?" Edward scanned him, he saw no hostility, no negativity. "So what do you want then?" "Jane wanted me to let you know that as long as that girl keeps her mouth shut, you can keep seeing her. She won't alert the heads, and she won't give the girl grief herself." Alec said, looking at his gleaming fingernails. Edward stared at him blankly, caught completely flat footed. "What?" "The girl, Bella Swan. The one James took, Mistress Jane has no qualms with you continuing your relationship with the girl. She finds it quaint actually. She has however told me that if you were to harm the girl, if you were to give in to your instincts and kill her, your life and the lives of your family will be forfeit." Alec said. "Why be so kind? Why extend such generosity?" Edward asked, his eyebrow raised. "What's the catch?" Alec shook his head, "No catch, Mistress Jane owes Lord Carlisle a debt of gratitude." "For Jasper?" Edward asked. Alec nodded "It was Lord Carlisle's urging that led to the lords releasing him from his imprisonment and eventual death. Mistress Jane traveled much of the world after her change, she sought her brother desperately." "He's my brother. He doesn't owe her anything, and she doesn't owe us anything." Edward said. Alec laughed "Do not deny her mercy, you are very strong, but it would be nothing for her to rescind her kindness. You have committed a grievous crime, and she is willing to overlook it." Edward thought about this, and it didn't take much thinking at all. Alec was quite right, he had committed a crime, but how did she know about Bella, had she been watching them? Had she made the connection to Jasper through Carlisle? "Well? Is our arrangement agreeable? We will not harm the girl, we will not report your crime, and we will not harm you. Her debt of gratitude runs that deep." Alec said, he stood up from the car. "Otherwise we can just ruin everything now and leave you to deal with it." Edward shook his head "No, no I understand. I accept her offer, but I have to know what's in it for her?" "I already told you, I cannot block your telepathy. I don't know how, read my mind to your heart's content if you're still skeptical. My ability is strictly offensive, and you're an exceptional fighter. I have no interest in fighting you since I don't know how it will turn out. My mistress could beat you, but I cannot, so I gain nothing by confronting you alone." Alec said, he blew Edward a kiss and turned to walk away. "What makes you think Jane could beat me?" Edward said to his retreating back. "She's a Whitlock. They don't lose to anyone but one another." Alec said, tossing Edward a wave over his back. Edward stared at him as he walked away, he had a point. Edward had yet to come close to beating Jasper, so it stood to reason that Jane would be just as strong, especially if she had been living as an Imperial for so long. He opened his car and got in, there was a small and glowing ball of light bobbing just above his passenger seat. Edward reached for it and it broke apart, scattering bits of light across the seat that faded away into nothing. Edward drove home slowly, his mind was running with the encounter he had just had. Was it possible that Jane was an ally? Was it possible for them to have an ally in the Imperium? Was it just a game? Was it possible to have an ally that killed humans however, her very lifestyle was in direct opposition to the way they chose to live.