the stairs towards Mr. Mawbry, but he points to the stage and Edward comes over to sit in front of me. He's wearing the dark green sweater from the thrift store and black jeans. His damp hair hangs loose on his shoulders, his face is free of hair and I see his beautiful, square jawline. My. My. I sit on one of the stools playing with the karaoke machine and mic. It becomes very quiet, and everyone grabs a seat and sits near me. Like a concert. They all start to shout out song titles. I look at Edward and he mouths, " More than Words ". I go through the book and find it. The guitar intro plays and I begin to sing… Saying I love you Is not the words I want to hear from you It's not that I want you Not to say, but if you only knew How easy it would be to show me how you feel… Edward stands and says, "Hold it." I look at him annoyed, but he whispers 'trust me'. So I stop the music as he grabs one of the guitars, tunes it and begins to play. He whispers again, "Now sing." Saying I love you Is not the words I want to hear from you It's not that I want you Not to say, but if you only knew How easy it would be to show me how you feel… Edward joins me in harmony. I hold the mic in front of the both of us. I smile. We sound so good together. More than words is all you have to do to make it real Then you wouldn't have to say that you love me Cos I'd already know. I watch his hands as he strums the guitar with such ease. We sing: What would you do if my heart was torn in two More than words to show you feel That your love for me is real What would you say if I took those words away Then you couldn't make things new Just by saying I love you More than words Now I've tried to talk to you and make you understand All you have to do is close your eyes And just reach out your hands and touch me Hold me close don't ever let me go More than words is all I ever needed you to show Then you wouldn't have to say that you love me Cos I'd already know What would you do if my heart was torn in two More than words to show you feel That your love for me is real What would you say if I took those words away Then you couldn't make things new Just by saying I love you (More than words by Extreme) The audience explodes with shouts of more . Some people whistle while others hoot and holler. Mr. Mawbry jumps up on the stage and asks for the mic. "Okay, settle down, settle down. Give these two a moment and they'll be right back." He motions for us to follow him. As we walk into the back room, we see a man leaning on the desk. He reaches out and shakes both of our hands. "Bella, Edward, I'm Mark Harrington and I represent Steeple Records. We're an up and coming label. Now, Joe told me about you Bella, but I have to say I am very surprised and impressed with the both of you as a duo." Edward and I look at Mr. Mawbry, as he closes the door. He explains, "Mark is my nephew, and yes, I called him a few weeks ago and told him all about you, Bella. And the little shit finally found the time to come see you." Mark embarrassingly interjects, "I'm more than sorry I didn't come sooner, but I would like to talk with both of you about representation. Maybe do a session … talk a contract. We have a full staff that would love to work with you." The crowd roars in the background, stomping feet and clapping hands. "We can talk later; you have a demanding group out there." He hugs his uncle. "Thanks, Joe. I'll be at mom's for Christmas; I know you'll be there." Mark smiles and shakes his head. "Tomorrow, I'll see the both of you, Bella and Edward." Mr. Mawbry pats Edward on the shoulder and hugs me. He walks out with Mark. I look at Edward. "What just happened?" "It seems your Mr. Mawbry is your guardian angel," Edward calmly implies. "Edward, he's yours, too." "No Bella, you are. My singing … guardian angel?" I blush as Edward reaches down and embraces me tightly and the mistletoe triggers on. " Deck the halls with lots of kisses. Fa la la la la ah ho ho ho…" "What the hell is that?" Edward exclaims. " Where I come from we do everything in French. You know what I mean? ha ha Don't you?" "It's a Talking Mistletoe." I take it out and show it to Edward. He laughs. " If you are in the mood for a kiss, I'll just be hanging around. ha ha" Edward places it over our heads and leans in for a kiss. He then tosses it to one side in order to hold me closer. " Did you make ze naughty list? Well, there's still time? ha ha. I'm having reminiscing about your kissing. Well, remind me, huh? Feliz Navidad, Muchos. What can I say? I'm bilingual. I wish you a Merry Kissmass. So pucker right up. Ho ho. On the third day of Christmas my true love gave to me, three French kisses. He deepens the kiss. What can I say? I'm allergic to hens. Deck the halls with lots of kisses Fa la la la la aha ha ha. Where I come from we do everything in French. You know what I mean? Aha ho ho." And we ignore it. The End