it looked amazing. I decided that while the paint dried, that I would go buy some furniture. I went into a store and went straight to the couches. I found a beautiful black leather couch and instantly loved it. It was big and it would look great. I bought it and made my way to buy the rest of the things. I finished buying 1 curved plasma tv, a couple of soft recliners and chairs, a mini fridge, an amazing soccer ball shaped lamp, and amazing curtains. When I finally made it back it was 4:30. I had gotten a driver to follow me and help me put the things in the attic. I paid the guy and finished working. I saw that the paint was dry and put the curtains and finished up the whole room. I only needed to add my soccer posters and arrange my instruments. I set up my drum set in the corner of the room and put my guitars in stands on another corner. I didn't need to move the piano so I was fine. I hung my posters and when I finished I was glad with the whole result. I had managed to install my tv and mini fridge and they now worked. I walked downstairs happily and decided to go for a ride. I went into my room and changed into a white tight shirt, a tight open leather jacket, some leather black pants, and some leather converse. I put on my fingerless gloves and decided to go without my helmet today. I walked downstairs and saw Dad watching the game. "Dad, when is Emmett gonna get here?" He looked at me and smiled. "His out with some friends, so he might come over like at 6:00. Do you want me to call him?" I shook my head." No dad it's fine, I want to surprise him. Is it ok if I take a ride on my motorcycle, since tomorrow is my first day of school I want to get to know the town a bit. I will be back before 6:30." Dad nodded and I walked out the door. I headed for the garage and got my motorcycle. I started it and sped through town. It really was a small town, I finished in 1 hour and I still had 30 minutes left. I decided that since It would take me awhile to get back if I hurried that I would pick up some food for Em, dad, and his friends, and also me. I called dad and he answered on the 1st ring. "Bells what's wrong?" His frantic response reminded me of when Mom helped when I broke my arm. "Nothing dad, I just wanted to ask you if you want me to pick up some pizza for Em and his friends, you and me for dinner?" I heard him think about it before he answered. "Sure Bells, hurry back ok." I said my goodbyes and headed for the pizza restaurant in town. I bought 8 pizzas and made my way back. There was a silver Volvo in the driveway so I figured that Em must be home. I left my gloves on and knocked on the door. I heard heavy footsteps and smiled when a guy that I recognized as Emmett opened the door. "Hey dad pizzas here. Thanks!" I ignored him and walked past him, walked into the kitchen and put 7 pizzas down and set on the island where I opened the box of pizza and started eating it. "What the freak, get out of the house!" I ignored emmett and continued eating. I heard dad walk down the stairs with 2 guys following. I didn't pay attention, I only turned to Em and smirked at him. I smiled sweetly and looked at dad. He chuckled and gave me a kiss on the forehead before taking a piece of pizza from the box. He sat next to me and we both just stared at Em while eating. Realization crossed his eyes and he turned red with embarrassment. "Bella? I'm sorry I didn't recognize you. I thought you were coming tomorrow." I shook my head and stood up, I walked to him and gave him a hug. "It's fine Emmett, I'm glad I finally got to meet you. Now why don't you introduce your friends." He smiled and nodded, we turned to the guys and I held back a gasp. My eyes focused on the most beautiful person in the world. He had bronze hair, beautiful emerald green eyes and an amazing smile. I composed myself and listened to Em introduce his friends. "The blonde one is Jasper Hale, he has a sister Rosalie that is my girlfriend. Maybe you guys will become friends. Anyways, this is Edward Cullen and he has a sister named Alice that you will probably get along with. Well that's it I think. Oh and don't mess with Edward a lot, he has an attitude." I smiled at both and nodded. "My names Isabella Marie Swan, but if anyone calls me Isabella, your car will be apart faster than you can say Swan. Oh and i'm going to start school tomorrow so I was hoping you would show me around Em." Emmett nodded with a scared expression that matched Jaspers. Edward just smirked. I smiled at my work, put my gloves on and went up stairs to the attic. I retrieved my tool box, put on a hat and walked downstairs. "Em, your car needs an oil change. You have to take care of your Wrangler or else its gonna turn out like a Honda." I shuddered and placed my tool box on my other hand. "I can do it for you but I would need a favor." He nodded and smirked."You, are gonna fix my car? I think I'll handle it. Or if you let me supervise then I'll let you." I nodded and they followed me. This was gonna be fun!