after my last birthday." Jasper said. "Did you feel anything?" Jane asked. "Joy. I felt joy Jane. That's what it means to be a killer, when you finally get that life don't matter." Jasper said. "Life don't matter." Jane repeated. Jane could have sat out there with him for hours, taking in everything he said, but their father rode up. Alva Whitlock Sr. was 5'10 and heavily muscled, his neck was thick, his hands huge. His face was too strange to be called handsome, his eyes were too far apart, his hair a light blonde that clashed horribly with his constantly sunburned skin, his mouth was small and mean. He stepped off of his horse. "Go on inside Jane." Alva Sr. said, his voice both hoarse and deep. Jane stood up and went in the house, Alva walked over to Jasper and handed him a train ticket. Jasper looked at it. "So this is it then huh?" Jasper asked. "This is it, you leave tomorrow." Alva said. "Good." Jasper said, rolling another cigarette. "If this don't make a man out of you nothing will." Alva said "It'll probably work better than anything you ever taught me." Jasper said, lighting the cigarette. Alva's hands snapped into fists, his glare burned into Jasper. Jasper turned his face up to him and smiled. "I ain't got nothing to lose daddy, what you going to do? Ain't nothing you can do, that's why you want me out this house. That's why you're hoping them northerners will kill me, cause ain't no way you can do it." Alva's rage was burning, he was infuriated, he hated when anyone, anywhere, contradicted him. But this weakling, this coward, this pathetic little waste of seed was staring at him defiantly, smoking a cigarette, looking at him like they were equals. He hated even more how scary the boy had gotten, when had that happened, when had he stopped holding him in contempt and started being afraid of him. "I'll kill you boy, the Union might not even get the chance." "You done had 16 years to kill me, and you ain't managed it yet. And you ain't going to do it now." Jasper said, he stood up "Barn is right over there, this might be the last time you ever walk me in there." Alva took a step back, when had the weakling gotten so tall. So wide, so fearsome. He swallowed and slapped Jasper across the face, his heavy callused hand leaving a bright red mark and drawing blood from his bottom lip. "I ain't walking you nowhere boy, the confederates are." Jasper wiped the blood from his lip with his thumb, he smiled. "Yeah, they sure are daddy. Walking me to my death. Shame you won't be there for it." "You think you scare me boy?" Alva asked. "I ain't said nothin bout you being scared, where would you get that from?" Jasper asked. "That look on your face, that look like I should be scared." Alva asked again. "Maybe you should daddy, maybe I should take this nice sharp knife on my hip and open you from balls to brains." Jasper said. Alva made a motion and quicker than his expression changed Jasper was pressing the knife against the front of his trousers, Alva swallowed and looked down, it would be nothing for Jasper to drag the knife up his body, opening his cock, his guts, and his throat in one smooth motion. "Yeah, wouldn't be nothing. You're slow, heavy in the middle, old. I could kill you right now. I'd like to kill you right now, it'd be easy, and as fun as anything I could think of." Alva swallowed, he lowered his hand. "Now Jasper, you ain't going to do that are you?" "I'm thinkin on it, I'm thinkin on it real hard daddy." Jasper said. Alva swallowed again, and Jasper's eyes burned into him. In 3 minutes that felt like 3 hours, Jasper blinked and laughed, resheathing the knife on his hip. "Now what kinda firstborn son would kill his own daddy? That'd be plain evil." Alva punched Jasper in the stomach, knocking him back onto the steps of the porch. He walked over and put his heavy foot on his chest. "I should kill you for that!" Jasper was laughing, laughing gaily, "You shoulda seen the look on your face!" Alva leaned over and punched Jasper in the face, smashing his nose, blood was pouring freely from it and Jasper was still laughing. "Yeah, I had you good and scared daddy!" Alva punched him in the face again and Jasper was still laughing, "Go on, do it again. Punch me again, ain't the first time, but I had you thinking it would be the last a little while ago." Alva drew his fist back again to punch him and stopped, the fear was crippling him, the boy was sixteen and he was crippling his own father with fear, with panic. He lifted his foot from Jasper's chest and stood back. Jasper stood up, he hefted his satchel onto his shoulders, wiping his bloodied nose with his shirt sleeve. "Yeah, you ain't nothing. Ain't never been nothing, but you made me nothing too daddy. I ain't going to be nothing either." Jasper said, walking past his father. Jane ran outside, past her stunned father, calling after Jasper. She tripped and fell and her mother was there, pulling her struggling into her arms while Jane called out to him over and over again. He didn't even turn to look back at her, he didn't do anything but keep walking, he was going to go and die, her daddy sent him to go and die. How could he do that, how could he send the strongest to die. Because he was a coward, her daddy was a coward, Jasper hated cowards and she hated cowards too. She turned to her father, her eyes filled with hatred. And he was suddenly afraid of her too.