downstairs. I noticed keypads inside and outside the doors. I think—" Carlisle's shoulders shook with his despair, and he clutched his wife to him tightly. With her gentle, loving murmurings, he was able to catch his breath in order to speak. "It's … it's Bella." There was no sound for several minutes as the vampires in the room tried to absorb and comprehend what Carlisle had told them. "B-but sh-she died," Emmett said plaintively. "She died back in two thousand and six. She j-jumped off the cliff in La Push and d-drowned." A strangled cry left Rosalie's throat. She threw herself at Emmett, flinging her arms around his wide shoulders. "It can't be Bella! It can't!" Before Emmett could get his arms around her, she jerked away from him and spun to face Esme and Carlisle. "What makes you say it's Bella? Carlisle, answer me! Why do you think it's Bella!?" Wincing at Rosalie's shrieks, Carlisle took another breath and ran his hand down over Esme's soft hair. "Her wrist. Her right wrist. James' bite …" "No! No!" Rosalie cried. "It couldn't be! How did she survive the jump? Alice saw it. Wait! Those dogs on the Reservation could have saved her, and Alice wouldn't have seen that . But they confirmed she was dead when you called them!" Rosalie's fists were in the air and quivering. "Of course, they would have lied to us! They would have hidden her! But how did Edward find her? She would have been better off with them ." Rosalie twisted away from Emmett's reaching hands and began to pace across the floor. "Wait 'til I get my hands on him! He took … he stole her, and kept her prisoner here! That's why the windows don't open and there're those electronic locks on the doors—so she couldn't escape when he went to hunt! What kind of happy human life would that have been for her? Anti-depressants? How many different ones did he try on her? How cruel —" Her fists jerked up into the air. "And the heartbeat recording? That's sick. That's … that's depraved ! What? Does he come back every once in a while to check on her desiccated corpse to make sure she's safe and listen to her heartbeat? How the hell do we turn it off? I wish Jasper were here! He would help me find that son of a bitch, and when we do, we're going to rip him apart one little piece at a time—" "Rose!" Emmett shouted right in her furious face, gripping her arms and shaking her. "Rose! Stop! There's more." "What?" she asked incredulously. "More? What more could there be? He kidnapped her and held her prisoner—for decades —playing his stupid fucking piano, and feeding her organic beans and drugging her with happy pills while she wasted away and died! He probably read those stupid romances to her while she was needlepointing! Did she have a chance to meet a human man, fall in love—have children? No!" Rosalie began pounding his chest. "When she got sick, did he take her to a hospital and seek the proper treatment for her? No! He probably read a few medical journals to refresh his memory and started shoving drugs into her. Death is too good for him! I'd go to La Push and let those old dogs know what shitty protectors they are—" "Rose!" Emmett shouted again and crushed her to his chest. "Rose, Rose, Rose," he chanted in her ear. "Carlisle's not finished." "What?" Her flashing eyes burned into Emmett's. "There's more? More what ? What could be worse than that? That wasn't a life—it was a nightmare!" She twisted around until she could see Esme and Carlisle. The agony emanating from Carlisle pulsed through the air so thickly they could all feel it. Rosalie took a breath and tried to calm herself enough to hear what else he had to say. She licked her lips, swallowed, and asked in a much quieter voice. "What else is there, Carlisle?" He lowered his head and closed his eyes for a moment. When he opened them again, his tearful gaze went to Esme. His words were barely a wisp of air and Emmett and Rosalie had to strain to hear him. "In the bathroom, along with the medications, I also found …" he choked and squeezed his eyes closed again. Esme spoke quietly in his ear and gently stroked his cheek. "We'll wait for you, Carlisle. Take your time." Another shaky breath and Carlisle continued in a strained voice, "I also found, in the walk-in shower, a pile of ashes. The glass doorway, the tiled walls and floor were scorched and cracked." He buried his face in his wife's neck and cried with great shaking sobs. Emmett had never seen Carlisle break down like that before. He patted Rosalie's shoulders and said in a low tone, "Wait here." He darted into the bathroom. When Rose heard his sharp intake of breath, she started to go to him, but he was back in front of her in a flash. His normally soft amber eyes were flinty and hard. "Rose." The sharp glint faded as he turned his attention to Esme. "Esme, it's Edward's ashes in the shower. His Cullen Crest bracelet is by the sink." Rosalie was stunned speechless. At last, she tried to speak. "Are … are you—" Emmett was nodding. "I'm sure. Stir the ashes a little bit and you can smell them. Smell him ." Esme let out a piercing wail and she and Carlisle fell to their knees beside the final resting place of Isabella Swan. Clinging desperately to each other, they sobbed out their heartbreak and anguish, drowning out the recording of the rhythmic, thudding heartbeat. Rosalie silently studied them, and honestly felt pity for them and their grief, but when she took hold of Emmett's hand to leave the room; her eyes were a frigid black. "I hope he's in Hell." . °º¤ø,¸¸,^,¸¸,ø¤º°