said as I put my arms around her and pulled her into my chest. She sniffed a little as she put her own arms around me. "I'm a wolf. I should know my way around. If the girls find out I got lost I'll never live it down. They already treat me like a baby because I'm the youngest." She muttered into my shoulder. "They will not find out." I said as I stroked her head. "They might now Mags knows." "Is she likely to tell on you?" I asked softly. "No." Amber admitted. "Then what have you to fear?" "That I am just the baby of the group and always will be." She whimpered. "I thought you were an adult." I stated. "I'm sixteen, I'm not fully grown yet." She said. "I thought you are cause you're a wolf." I said and frowned, it was something I was told. "Ok. I'm fully-grown. But I'm not grown up. I still have to finish school. All the others have graduated. I'm not an adult." She sobbed. "Ok." I said, feeling confused because she said she was an adult earlier and I was too young for her. "I'm sorry. I just feel annoyed a lot of the time, especially when I'm reminded how young I really am." Amber said, as she sniffed and stepped away from me, wiping her face with the bottom of her t-shirt and it went up high enough to show the bottom of her breasts. Given Amber's current mood I thought it was better not to upset her anymore. "We both must grow up." I said. "I've only just started school." "Yeah, but you're learning quickly. Do you know how long it usually takes to get the hang of writing letters, never mind spelling? You'll be caught up with me before we know it and maybe we could graduate together." Amber said, brightening greatly by the end and beaming at me. "Then I will be a man?" I asked. "Yep. And I will be a woman and I guess we can consider ourselves the same age then. If you're an adult with an adult job then I can't call you a kid." She said pursing her lips deliciously as she thought. "Yes." I agreed, resisting the urge to kiss her. "This is the only problem imprinting on a dhampir. Take Rupert for instance, he imprinted on Seren when she was five. They're only now moving onto adult things now she's thirteen. And that's only because she's starting premed this year so you can hardly call her a kid anymore." "What is premed?" "She's training to be a doctor so she's at the part of the course now where they're going into hospitals to assist but they won't be allowed to actually treat patients on their own. I mean like prescribing stuff." "If Seren can be a doctor why can't you be a vet?" I asked. "The Res needs doctors, and her parents are paying her way through college anyway. And like I said, I'm not so good at biology." "I am learning everything, maybe you can learn biology. There's lessons at the Heights." I pointed out. "If I come here I'll probably have to go to Olympic High." She said sadly. "Why? You could come to school with me." "Or, if you learn quick enough, you could come to school with me and then we could date and go to all the school dances." Amber suggested. I considered this a moment. "I will make sure I learn enough." I said with a nod. "And I will ask Mom and Dad if I can go to Olympic High. It will be good." "It will." Amber agreed. I heard footsteps approach and I quickly pushed Amber behind me as I turned to face the threat. "It's ok. It's just Mags and Zeke." Amber said gently as she tapped my shoulder and I realised I was in a crouch. I relaxed and looked at her, it was my turn to feel embarrassed. "You were just trying to protect me." She said, tapping my shoulder again. "I was overreacting." "Yeah, but given where you've come from, and only recently, you can be forgiven for being jumpy." She said softly as she rubbed my back and I buried my face in her shoulder. "Now don't you go biting me." I jumped away from her, and felt appalled. "I would never…no." I said, shaking my head. "I would never bite you." "I know. I was joking. Sides, you vamps don't like our wolf blood." She said with a shrug. "We don't?" "Nope. Which is a good thing, because your venom is poisonous to us." She said seriously. "It is?" I asked and Amber nodded. "Here you are." Zeke said as he emerged from the nearest trees with his lady, Magda. "I told you I had a lock on Amber." Mags replied. "You ok Amb?" "Other than slightly embarrassed?" Amber asked. "You'll get used to these woods." Mags said, giving her a friendly tap on the shoulder. "What time have you got to be back home?" Zeke asked me. "Nine." I replied. Zeke and Mags looked at each other for a moment. "You wanna come to Tregarran and we'll get home before nine. But we can hang out away from the others." Zeke offered. "And Gramps is making food for the four of us." Mags said. "I was waiting till about seven to mention it then go track Amber and Brah." She added to Zeke. "All the more reason to go to Tregarran." He said with a shrug. I didn't mind the others things, but I'd spend more time with Amber? "Try and stop me." I said and Amber giggled. "Come on. These are my woods." Mags said as she took Zeke's hand. "I'll lead you back to Tregarran." "Great." Amber said as she took my hand and we followed Mags and Zeke to Tregarran. Thank you for reading Reviews are always welcome Gemma x