day, Dad finally arriving and pitching in. It was about seven in the evening and we all decided to hit up the local watering hole for some well-deserved adult beverages. An idea struck me as I was getting out of the shower. I wondered if Bella would like to come too. I decided to throw caution to the wind and give her a call. She answered on the second ring. "Hello Mr. Cullen." I could hear the smirk in her voice. "Well Miss Swan, how are you this fine Mississippi evening?" "I'm confused. You done with my car already?" Dammit, she was on her game, rather she was on to my game. "Ah, no actually. I was just calling to ask you out. My family and I are headed over to Muddy Waters for a few beers. I'd love for you to come with me." God would I love for her to come with me. My cock agreed whole heartedly. "Oh, Edward, I'd really like to but I just can't. I don't have a sitter for Ari. I'm sorry." Of course she'd need a baby sitter. I gave myself a mental face palm. "Well, have you and that little Darlin' eaten yet?" "We had a few snacks earlier. Why do you ask?" "How about I stop by somewhere and bring the both of you some supper? Would that be ok? Christ Bella, I'd just really like to see you again." Silence. There was nothing but silence on the other end of the line. "Edward you seem like a really nice guy and I appreciate all you've done for me. I just got out of a really bad marriage and my little girl has to be my first priority. I hope you understand. I would love to go out with you but I don't want to bring you into Ari's life just yet. I hope that doesn't sound bitchy." "Not at all Sweetness. Bella I can see that you are a fantastic Mama, and while I would love nothing more than to get to know you and that little Sweetheart, I can appreciate your rules. Don't think I'm going to stop asking you out though Darlin'. Once I set my mind to something I make it happen." "Oh I can tell Pretty Boy. Believe me." "Ok then, I'll let you go. Have a good evening Sweetheart. You have my number. Use it." She laughed and the sound was beautiful. I wanted to make sure I heard it more often. Over the next couple months, Bella Swan consumed my every thought. We had been to lunch a couple times and once I'd even driven in to Jackson to surprise her at work. Things hadn't progressed as quickly as I'd wanted in the romance department but I was willing to wait. They had however progressed to the point where Bella agreed to let me meet Arianna. That little girl had won my heart immediately. Today I was heading to Bella's place to install a swing set I had bought for Ari. As soon as I arrived, I was greeted by an over anxious four year old and her Mama. "Eward! You's here! Catch me!" Ari flew into my arms and I caught her, throwing her high above my head, catching her, and spinning around several times. Bella's laughter could be heard from the front porch. "I am little Darlin'. You happy to see me?" She hugged my neck and leaned back with a pucker on her lips. "I waitin' for my lovins' Eward." I never could resist a beautiful girl waiting for a kiss. "Well come here and gimme that sugar." I pecked her on the lips as she grabbed my cheeks and squeezed, then buried her face in my neck. I was already in love with this baby girl. Carrying Ari up to the porch I couldn't help it when I took Bella into my arms and kissed her on the forehead. "Hey baby. You look beautiful." She blushed. "You don't look so bad yourself Hotstuff." She winked at me and I placed Ari on her feet. She immediately ran inside the house. Now was my chance. "Is that a fact? Then where's my sugar, Sugar? I can't wait another moment to kiss you Bella." I leaned in and gave her a soft kiss on the lips. It was almost like a blow torch had ignited our passion. Bella's hands wound around my neck pulling me down to her face while mine went around her waist. I stood to my full height bringing her up with me, her feet dangling in mid-air. When I ran my tongue along her full, fucking plump bottom lip, she moaned and opened for me. Not wasting a minute I let my tongue find its counterpart in her mouth. The kiss grew indecent really quickly. I reluctantly pulled away, knowing Ari was just inside. "God Edward what have we been waiting for? Why haven't we done that before?" I leaned my forehead against hers and then I placed small kisses along her jaw and neck. "Fuck if I know, Baby. But I know that really soon, I need to be inside you. All the way. If that's not something you want you better tell me now because Bella Swan, I am falling in love with you." "I think I fell in love with you the moment you stepped out of that wrecker with a hard on as big as Texas." The little minx winked at me. "What can I say, Sugar? All I was doing was trying to show you some southern hospitality." "Well are you still feeling hospitable Edward?" She asked with my own smirk. She was using that shit against me. But I was a master at this game. Pulling her closer against me I raised a brow to her. "You tell me Sugar, how hospitable am I feeling?" "Mmm…..I think the south has risen again." Oh yes Miss Swan, the south shall always rise.