had been converted into the house Grace now owned. Our home, the Stables. If that was true it seemed kind of wrong that Prue had to pay close to a million dollars to purchase the remains of the house and grounds of Northern Heights if it belonged to their family anyway. Unless it was a different branch of the Pearson family. The clan was big but I'd met hardly any of them because Brigham had very little to do with them even though he'd inherited the Stables. It also got Grace to musing about how much time Dad had seen and how much time we would see together. I liked Grace's thoughts of the future, of us moving through time together, always young, always having fun. Liza's thought overshadowed everything though and I felt my heart constrict painfully as she went through all them imagines of what it was like to feel your own mortality. To consider it because you were so sick that you could drop dead from the condition you'd had since birth. I hated that time, worrying about Grace and I didn't need Liza reminding me of it and what's more, making it worse than it used to be. In the end I just had to tell her to quit, and even had to play dirty with pointing out that there was a time Mal might have questioned his mortality, but I just had to get her to stop with all the morbid thinking about my Grace. Thankfully our arrival at the farm brought an end to our little fight and I decided to let it go. Liza hadn't meant to hurt me and we were together now, hating on her wouldn't do anyone any favours. As her little farm came into view I was surprised by how small it was, but what we could see was the old farm, just family living quarters now. The modern farm was bigger, over the little rise, but you know what I wasn't so interested in that. Liza's home was the stone buildings down in the little bowl. It consisted of the old farmhouse and now several rooms converted from the old out buildings. One of these rooms was for Grace and me, Magda was gonna stay in the house, up in the attic with Billie. Magda's head was full of sleepover dreams when she found out and she didn't care that she'd be so far away from Grace and me. She was excited to be on vacation. Magda wanted to see our room first though, and damn it was good. Even if it had once been a stable, Liza had a weird sense of humour some times, putting us in a room that had the same name as our house. On the other hand it looked like something people would pay good money to stay in. The room itself was a good size with a double bed, sofa and TV. There was a kitchen sink in the corner with a kettle and a microwave, a little refrigerator too, but somehow I doubted we'd need to use it with Liza and Dad here. The door in the corner led into a room with a toilet and a sink and through another doorway was a wet room, the showerheads coming from every direction for a thorough clean. Liza was a little annoyed that these outbuildings had better bathrooms than the one she had in the house, but hell she owned them, she could always come out and use them if she really wanted. Magda wanted us to see her room so we dumped our bags and followed Liza and Billie to the house. Mom and Dad were in the big warm kitchen where Dad was preparing breakfast, and even though we'd ate at the hotel my stomach was rumbling in anticipation. Still we had to climb to the top of the house where I had to duck because there really wasn't the headroom for me. Magda had the room on the left and it looked as if someone had exploded a bottle of pepto bismol in there, it was so pink. It was Billie's idea, but mostly cause she knew Magda loved pink. Grace and me left Magda to unpack her bag with Billie's help, cause that's what she wanted, and we went out to our room to unpack while Dad finished breakfast. Unpacking didn't seem to be on Grace's mind though. Finally alone Tony Black. She growled as she leapt onto my back and kissed my cheek. Why Grace Pearson you're incorrigible . I joked as I pulled her around to me and kissed at her neck. You know I'm a weak willed male when it comes to your alluring feminine seductions. Grace giggled before she kissed along my jaw and began sucking on my ear. Oh… god… I had to like, put a stop to this or we would be missing breakfast because I really couldn't resist Grace when she did that. "Mercy…" I managed. Grace pulled away and looked down at me with a grin. "Mercy?" She asked. "Yeah. Cause I want you badly Grace, but we have to be decent in about five minuets and what I got in mind for you, well five minuets is nowhere near enough." I growled. "Good answer." Grace said with a smile and kissed my lips before jumping out of my arms. "Come on, let's unpack." We unpacked as we talked about nothing and nonsense, but it was happy nothing and nonsense, and it was just us, taking advantage of stolen alone time before breakfast with my family. What bliss. I'm not sure how often I'll be posting on this, I'm hoping to post maybe every other week, altrnating with Dhampir Hereafter but I was thinking that I really need a window into what's happening back with the rest of them and I thought this would be a good way to do it. Thank you for reading Please review Gemma x