face. "Charlie… Charlie, I need you to be a big boy now and see if you can get help… I need help… find a policeman or fireman… I'll help you out of this room but you need to be a big boy, okay?" I gasp as I wobble to my feet and move to the bar once again. "Okay, okay! I can be a big boy, I can go get help," he states, mainly to himself. I can't help but let out a little huff of a laugh at his determined face. A cry leaves my lips as I grasp the bar and pull back as hard as I can, using my foot as leverage. I feel blood pool in my hands as the barslices through my palm, but it is all worth it when Charlie opens the door enough for him to get through. "Tell whoever you find, that I'm here… tell them my belly is hurting and I'm carrying," I tell him carefully, cutting back the words to something he will remember and others will understand. "Okay," he tells me before repeating it over and over, making his way through the room over the fallen obstacles. My hands slip, causing the bar to swing back and close the door, my vision beginning to blur and darken. I feel my knees hit the floor once again, my hands flying out to catch my body before darkness consumes me. A light, a blinding light, causes me to blink,; it makes me feel warm and safe. "Bells…" Daddy sighs causing my head to whip to him. "Daddy, where am I?" I ask causing him to sigh once again and pull me into his arms. "You're in the in-between place, you need to go back Honey, it isn't your time yet," he tells me strongly causing me to frown. "But…" "No, you need to look after Emmett and what about Jasper or the little boy you saved… my grandchild that you're carrying?" he asks me, causing my hand to whip to my stomach in fear. "Okay… Okay!" I state unsurely at first and then firm. "I love you, Bells, be good, ya hear; tell Emmett to stop being a dunderhead for me." He chuckles, causing me to smile before the light begins to flicker and flash. "Time to go honey." "Bella, come on, Darlin', you need to wake up!" Jasper's voice demands desperately, hands touching my face. I blink back the lights that are flickering above me, voices around me yelling, and I know I am in the hospital as I hear the familiar medical speech only doctors, nurses and EMT's know. "Jas?" I rasp, slightly confused, causing my husband to sigh in relief, his face popping into my line of vision quickly as he places a kiss on my forehead. "You gave me a fright, Darlin'…" he trails off as a Nurse begins to push him away as we go through the doors toward the surgery room. "Charlie? " I call out, my body trying to twist and turn only to stop when hands hold me down, a needle prick in my neck. "He's safewith Emmett!" I hear before the darkness consumes me again. ~x~ When I come to again, I am in a private room, loud snores drowning out the beeping of the heart monitor causing me to roll my eyes as only Emmett can snore that loud; how Rosalie lives with him I will never know. "Bewwa?" Charlie asks sleepily at my side, causing me to smile warmly. "Hi, there, Charlie bug, you're okay," I whisper, causing him to nod and snuggle carefully in my side. "I found a fireman like you said, he called others… Are you okay now, Bewwa? No going to the happy place to be with your daddy and my mommy and daddy?" he asks tearfully. "No, sweetie, I'm not going anywhere. Now, can you go wake that big oaf over there and tell him to be quiet?" I coo, causing him to nod quickly and jump off the bed. I hold back a laugh as he jumps up on Emmett, causing my brother to jolt awake and land on the floor, causing him to shout. Luckily, he has kept Charlie up with his arms, taking the brunt of the fall, drawing out his laughter. "Charlie! Shh, don't want to wake Bells now," he states causing me to snort and catching his attention. "Too late, you dunderhead, you're snoring brought me back. How Rosalie lives with you I'll never know. Now where is my husband? I had thought he wouldn't leave my side for a second!" I state in mock anger, trying yet failing to hold back my smile. "Aw, hell, Bella, I haven't slept in two days… Pete an' Alistair took Jasper down to get some food into him, kick'n an' screamin'," he drawls out, causing me to smirk. "Darlin'! Oh god, you're awake," Jasper gasps as he rushes into the room, placing a hot, wet kiss on my lips. I pull back,gagging as the scent of coffee hits my nose. "Ugh, guess that's banned from the house now. Coffee, bleh." I gag again causing him to chuckle. "That little miracle managed to hold on, no damage at all to the bean. We got there just in time thanks to this little man." He smiles, pulling Charlie into his arms. "Can we tell her now?" Charlie asks shyly causing Jasper to nod. My brows rose in confusion, but relief and gratefulness are the main things I feel. "Tell me what?" I ask, causing both of them to smile. "Well, I asked, and it seems Charlie can come stay with us an' if they can't find a next of kin, then he can be a Whitlock," Jasper drawls happily causing me to squeal. As my two boys come back over and hug me, I can't help but send a silent "thank you" up to my father. My family is here; they are safe and okay.