many questions, and was happy and drama free. Emmett had suggested getting a blow up doll. On top of all that, he went through two personal assistants in the past 6 months. The first one tried to blackmail him, the last one was found naked in his bed, chained to the posts – an early unwelcome birthday present. He did need to find a new assistant quickly. Perhaps, some insecure, shy, old spinster or something like that to avoid further scandals and headaches. Suddenly the door of his office opened and Emmett fell in, followed by Jasper. The company's products were rolling all over the floor. "Shit, Emmett! Pay attention to where you are going." The three men quickly gathered everything and put all the stuff on Edward's desk. "You'd better have good news. It's been a long day." "Well," started Jasper, "it depends on how you look at it. You know that the sales of certain toys increased by thirty-two percent in recent months and we also saw an unexplained traffic increase to our website. We have solved the mystery." "Yes?" "One of our employees writes erotic novels and the characters are using our products - there are pictures and links to our website." "Let's give this person a raise and see how we can use their talent to our advantage." "That's the problem, you might want to fire her. All her writing is done during work hours. Sometimes she spends up to four hours a day doing it. We have fired people for less than that." "Who is it?" "That's another problem. It's Isabella Swan." "Rose's assistant?" That mousy, clumsy little thing? What did they say about the quiet ones? "You know how hard it was for Rose to find an assistant. She seems to be satisfied with Isabella's work, minus the clumsiness. She's also the first one that lasted this long, And she also wasn't trying to entrap you." Yes, Edward did remember some of those assistants. "Eddy, you should read some of this highlighted stuff," Emmett interrupted, handing him a bunch of sheets, "It's really hot. And there's all this BDSM stuff. Steamy! And the main character looks a lot like you." "Ok, leave me everything. I'll handle this myself. See you this weekend, guys." When Jasper and Emmett left his office, Edward started to go through Miss Swan's creations. She had quite an imagination! Lots of her stories and scenes took place in an office that looked very similar to his. The main character did look a lot like him and the female characters were improved versions of Miss Swan. Suddenly he knew what he was going to do. He had a plan, he knew what he wanted and he always got what he wanted. His mood drastically improved. He pressed the button of the intercom and barked, "Miss Swan. My office. Now." Oh, shit! Bella went to Mr. Cullen's office. As she entered the room, she tripped on something and fell. Double shit! It was a pocket size dildo that Emmett had dropped and didn't notice when he was picking the stuff up. How humiliating to trip on a dildo! Strong arms helped her to get up. Bella almost fell down again, intimidated by Mr. Cullen's smell and proximity. "Miss Swan, you are prone to accidents, luckily you were not carrying a Coke this time. You can take a seat on the couch. " Bella was confused and felt intimidated. She took a seat on the edge of the couch. Mr. Cullen was sitting in his leather chair absentmindedly playing with a flogger. "I know about your little writing hobby, Miss Swan. Also, that you're drawing your inspiration from this office, and people who work here. I had the privilege of reading your work this afternoon. By the way, there are two run on sentences in this sex scene and you misspelled our product name, which is totally unacceptable." He showed her the highlighted passage. Bella blushed, and then paled. She was mortified. "You are well aware of our company's personal internet usage policy, Miss Swan, aren't you?" Bella nodded. "I could fire you on the spot," he paused. Bella was getting more and more nervous. "Instead, I'd like to make you a proposal," he said, still toying with a flogger. Bella stared at him incredulously. She opened her mouth; her voice was slightly trembling, "No! I am not that kind of girl". He looked at her surprised, then he saw what she was looking at and smirked. "And what kind of girl might that be? Please, enlighten me, Miss Swan," he asked innocently. "I know what kind of reputation you have." Mr. Cullen looked amused. She felt like he was playing with her. She was getting frustrated. "So, what kind of reputation do I have and what kind of girl you are not, Miss Swan?" "I am not that kind of girl," she repeated stubbornly. "I am not going to be your sub!" She motioned at the flogger in his hands and the assortment of blind folds, handcuffs and other BDSM paraphernalia lying on his table. Surprise and then amusement played over his face. "Miss Swan, you have quite an imagination. All I wanted to do was to offer you the position of my personal assistant. Without, hmm, any additional responsibilities. Your unusual hobby did increase our profits. I think you deserve a raise. HR will send you an offer and job description. You have twenty-four hours to accept or decline it. Now, if you excuse me, Miss Swan, I have work to do. " Bella was blushing. She felt like she made a complete fool out of herself. Note to herself: Think before you speak. Bella's secret hobby was discovered. She could have been fired. She accused her boss of wanting her to be his sub. Could her day get any worse? I'll think about that tomorrow, she thought, quoting her favorite heroine, as she took the Metro home. TO BE CONTINUED...