find 'em, I dangle 'em off my finger in front of her face. She snatches 'em from me and slides 'em up her sexy as hell legs. She's yet to speak, so I figure I better start. I know this meant something to me. I gotta know if she felt it, too. "Bella? We gonna talk 'bout this?" I lean down so I can look into her eyes. She nods her head. "We are." A slight smile graces her lips. I wait for her to go on. You can tell she has something to say. "Edward, that was amazin', " she starts. "I didn't come here for that, but I don't know what came over me. You were just standin' there lookin' so hot, I couldn't stop myself." Now I'm blushing. "I came to check on Emmett and, yeah, I knew I'd prob'ly get to see you too, but I never imagined you'd want me. I even tried to prepare myself. For all I know, you have a wife or girlfriend. That day we met has played in my mind over and over. I knew I hadda see how Emmett was since his story touched my heart, but I have to admit, I also hoped to follow through and see if there could be anythin' there … here." She motions between the two of us. I clear my throat. "Oh, there's somethin' here all right. That was the best moment ever for me." I wiggle my eyebrows at her. She swats me and jumps down off the bar. "Well, how 'bout that tea you promised?" She flutters her lashes. Ain't no resisting that. I do as I'm asked, and we go into the living room to take a seat on the couch and do some real talking, I suppose. By the time we're settled in, glasses of tea in our hands, the front door bursts open and Emmett comes barreling through. As soon as his eyes land on Bella, they bug outta his head. Then he looks like he might be sick, 'fore taking off down the hall and slamming his door closed. "What's up with that?" I wonder. "He ain't even 'posed to be here." I notice Bella's looking like she's thinking real hard on something, then looks over to me. "Emmett sure looks better. I guess his treatments worked real good, huh? His hair's even growin' back." "Huh?" I ask 'cause I don't know what she's talking 'bout. "His treatments, Edward," she stresses the words to me. "I know he said you don't like to talk 'bout it, but he's doin' good, right?" I just stare at her like the idiot I am. 'Bout that time Emmett comes creeping down the hall, head bowed and looking sad as I ever seen him. "Miss Bella," he says, still looking at the floor. "Yes, sweetie?" she asks. We both seem to be a little confused by his demeanor and me even more by Bella's questions. Something's going on here and I'm totally missing it. "I'mnotsick," he mumbles out to her. I have no clue what he said. "What, Em? Speak up, she can't understand ya mumblin'," I say to him, hoping he'll go 'head and spit it out. He looks up with a huff. "I said, I am not sick ." He crosses his arms and takes on a face of defiance. I stand up. "What the heck is goin' on, Emmett? Of course you're not sick. What're ya talkin' 'bout?" Bella stands too. "You're not sick?" she asks Emmett, her voice barely above a whisper. Emmett at least looks more ashamed than defiant now. "No, I'm not." He looks at me. "I told Bella I had cancer." "Why on Earth would ya lie about somethin' like that? I know our parents ain't 'round, but I thought I taught ya better than that." "I don't know. I just wanted her to remember me and I thought maybe she would even dedicate a song to me or somethin'," Emmett says trying to defend his actions. I turn to Bella and see she has tears rolling down her cheeks. "Bella, I'm sorry. I had no idea. He's just desperate for attention, I think, since our parents ain't around. I know he's sorry and he will be punished." "I … I, uh, I have to go. I can't stay here. I know Emmett didn't mean anything, but you have no idea what I've been feelin', worried about the two of you. I lost my mom to cancer." She starts to rush out the door, but I catch up with her. "Bella, please wait. He's just a kid. He screwed up, but don't let that ruin what we started earlier." "I'm sorry, Edward. I don't hate him. I really don't. But I never should've come here. I should've known not to think I could have somethin' special." She pulls away and runs. I can't do anything but watch her go. When I turn around I want to be so angry at Emmett, but I see him crying and looking more guilty than I've ever seen him. Instead I just hug him. "I'm so sorry, Edward. I really screwed up." "Yeah, you did, but I know you're sorry." I'm honest with him. Later on, after we've talked things over in detail, and he's gone to bed, I sit and think. I accepted a long time ago that my parents ain't gonna be around and even when they are, they won't be worth much. I accepted that I'd need to take care of my little brother, which meant me going to college was off the table. I accepted that I'd have to put my life on hold and put in hard work to support me and Emmett. I accepted all this without whining, crying or feeling too sorry for myself. But this time I'm not accepting shit. I want Bella Swan. She wanted me. And dammit, I'm gonna get that woman no matter what it takes.