creator made you into us?" Irina's head bobs up and down, sending honey curls bouncing. "I do. Well, fragments of it. Here and there. It's the songs I remembered the most. I think I wanted to be a songstress as a child. But my voice isn't made for singing." Without any further thinking, Edward nods. "I undoubtedly agree to that assessment." Irina lifts a brow ever so slightly at him. "Sure you do. You're a music aficionado. Tanya said so." "Indeed, I am." Edward isn't a king of poetic dialogue, that fact is much clearer to him now. And a thought flirts with doubt. A conviction he held close to his heart, shaken by the hurricane of second guessing. He's far from romantic but Bella painted him the Romeo to her Juliet. A projection of childish fantasy by a bored teenager wishing for eternal youth and wealth—Bella was too eager to join their ranks of the cursed immortals. "Good." "Fine." They're back to nursing the comfortable silence. It isn't long before they're sinking their fangs into two scarred bears across from each other. The steady beats of old heart dies down to silence. He wipes the blood dribbling down his chin. Reapply a layer of foundation that melted away as he sprinted on a small river stream to get his bear. He tosses a glance over his shoulder, searching for Irina—checking to see if she's still here. Blood smeared against her cheek, Irina tucks a loose strand behind her ears. Hoists the carcass over her shoulders and set it down on thick shrubs. She painstakingly covers it with twigs and fallen leaves. A thought crossed his mind—in English and her voice—musing about his unfavourable opinion of her. "I don't hate you," he mumbles to himself. Irina throws her head back, chuckling at him. "When cows fly with wings, then I'll believe you." "I meant, I did hate you in the beginning," Edward sheepishly amends. "I got the impression you did," she answers dryly, "when you tried to bite my head off." "You're right. My picturesque family is just picturesque. They're shallow, hypocrites and—" "You don't have to explain, Cullen," Irina cuts his words with ease, "We're fallible like humans are, perhaps even more so." Irina draws her attention away from him. Casting a golden-eyed stare at the marigold skies, her fingers brushing against tiny yellow rattle's petals that rises up to her knees. "I don't hate you or your family, as individuals. I just think that all of you didn't want to admit we're a flawed species and you were wrapped up in this ideal that we were noble when we don't eat humans. It's not as simple as that." Edward shuffles his dirt-clung boots against the flattened grassy bed, "So what does this makes us?" They were once close enough to refer each other's coven as cousins. The lines were severed when the Cullens chose Edward's Bella over Irina's Laurent. Irina shrugs, peering into her soil-stained fingernails. "I wouldn't call us friends. Acquaintances, yes. We never really talked when you came to visit." "How rather unfortunate that is true." She soaks her hands into the stream, clenching and relaxing her fingers. "Baby steps, Ede." "Ede?" Irina's full lips curling into a smirk, slaps her wet hands against her thighs and gathers to her feet. "Kate's nickname for you. The Hungarian equivalent to the diminutive of Edward." "I like it." And he's smiling. Genuine curving of his lips. None of his fangs bared and poised to attack her jugular. "It's about damn time they made up," Phoebe mouths, appearing into their sight and she hangs upside down from a nearby tree branch. "Ah, I was hoping for a fight." Felix sighs. He sits legs crossed over a boulder, his hoodie shielding him from the setting sun. Demetri steps out from the elongating shadows of an oak tree, "No fight. Phoebe wins the bet, fair and square." "Pay up, bitches." Phoebe unbends her knees, lands on the ground with the grace of a cat. Everyone pulls out their credit cards from their wallets as Phoebe darts to each man and collect their cards. "Another time," Santiago tries to console, but bearing no comforting expressions, and his voice rarely deep for a man for his hulking stature, "Renata's taken by the elks. It won't be long before she'll cut Irina's name from her crafts list." Irina asks, incredulous shining in her tone along with amusement, "You were betting on us?" Demetri flashes a charming flirty smile, hands inside his jeans' pocket. "Nothing serious, of course. Just harmless fun to pass the time. It can be tediously boring to anticipate melodrama from our dear Edward." "Can we all return to Volterra now?" Felix asks, impatience marks his features. His chin set on his upturned palms. A twinkle of mischief glinting in Phoebe's scarlet eyes, "Race you back to Volterra, Eddie." "I don't think—" "You're afraid of a little challenge?" Tugging the ends of her pale pink lips is a taunting smirk. She always believed that she could outrun him—Edward is actually curious for once to test out her hypothesis. The words roll out from his clumsy lips before he could formulate a dignified answer, "If you lose, you'd give half of the credit cards to Irina. So she can buy herself a laptop." "Deal—" Phoebe whizzes past the green forest. Edward follows suit. The world becomes a blur at that moment. Phoebe is not Alice. Demetri may share similar built and height to Jasper, they're far different as their hair colour goes. Felix's not the evil counterpart of Emmett. Santiago is Santiago. Irina deserves more than hate he spewed at her. He can't change the past. This is the present. He's not going to waste his second chance at life. And yes, he might have thrown out a laugh or two, as he narrowly avoids falling into a ditch. It feels okay to step out from the Cullens' mantle once in a while.