media. I know that I shoulda just let be—it woulda been clear soon enough—but I was done with havin' my name tied to her in that way." "Why do you still manage her?" Bella asks and I roll my eyes. "When I bought the studio, I bought it blue sky . Essentially, I bought her contract, like every other on the books. She had just been renewed for three years. Thank God I only have six months of that contract left. So, baby, please doesn't pull yourself down for forgettin' what tomorrow is, 'cause the fact is I know you think of both your parents a lot." "I do and they loved me." "I feel as if I know them 'cause of you, but I know your daddy the most. I know he loved fishin', and eatin' fried fish, mainly 'cause it was the only food he knew how to cook. I know of the time he came across a car on the side of the road, and found your teacher and the head librarian naked as Jay-birds." I chuckle as Bella's face heats up. "I know you couldn't look either of the teachers in the eye after that. Your father loved to sing; you say he had a soulful voice that would often make you cry. You have his eyes and hair, but are small like your momma. I know how much your daddy was loved in your hometown and I know all of this 'cause you've told me." Bella starts to cry and I hug her close. "I just hate bein' alone." "You're never alone," I tell her. The rest of the day goes slow. Bella's still able to get up and sing, but when she sings the two sad ballads on her playlist, you can feel the pain more so than normal. "I'm gonna take her out for the night; do ya think you could get rid of the press?" Emmett grins and nods. After signing CDs Bella and I sneak off using a rundown car that Emmett lined up. I drive off into the countryside and park. Bella and I lie out on the hood looking up at the stars. " I will pledge my heart – to the love we share – through the good and the bad times, too – I'll forsake my rest – for your happiness – 'til my death I will stand by you ," she sings softly. I turn and smile, remembering her asking me to sing this with her, so I come in when I'm supposed to join her words. " With God as my witness – this vow I will make – to have and to hold you – no other to take – for rich or for poor – under skies grey or blue – 'til my death I will stand by you." Bella follows on with the song and I do my parts as well. I can't help but notice how our voices blend into one. When the song is done we're lying close together. I roll to my side and look at her. "Marry me," I whisper. "I love that song," she says as she starts to hum it. I pull her to me and kiss her lips. I lean back and see her look of shock. "Marry me, doll? The past six months I've fallen in love with you. Marry me and I will make sure that every day for the rest of your life you're not alone, sad or unhappy. I will make sure that you have love, a family and everythin' your heart desires." "You," Bella says and I look at her. "My heart wants you. It has wanted you since I was eighteen. You're the reason I agreed to go with Jasper and Alice. I wanted to meet you, but in meeting you I found the Edward Masen I thought I knew didn't exist. The Edward Masen I met was someone so much better—more real—than any fantasy I'd ever had." Before I can say anything back she is kissing me as the sun rises on the new day. After a few hours of our kissing and singing songs together, I pull her off the car. "Let's go," I say getting her back in the car. I drive straight to the county courthouse. On the way, I call Emmett and get him to bring all the documents that we need. After an hour of paperwork, we stand before a judge. In front of Emmett, James, Seth and Garrett, Bella and I are joined in holy matrimony. We head for the hotel and are both surprised that Emmett had us moved into the Honeymoon Suite. "I love you," Bella says as I carry her over the threshold. She kisses me and nibbles my neck as I place her on her feet. "Goodness, doll, I love you, too. Why the hell didn't I see this before now?" I question because this feels like the best thing I've ever done in my life. Not wanting her out of my arms after all, I pull her up and she wraps her legs around me. I already know she's been with another man before, but that's not going to stop me from making sure I take my time with her. I want this to be mind-blowing for her, she's my forever. I carry her to the bed and I lower us both to the mattress. Making quick work of removing our clothes I use my hands and mouth to show my new wife my physical love and devotion as she returns the favor. Bringing my body over hers, I look her in the eye and she smiles at me. "So, the southern-born man falls for the pacific-born and raised, simple woman," she drawls sexily. "Oh, doll, there ain't nothin' simple about you, and you've got all the southern in you now that you'll ever need," I say as I sink into her heat, joining us as one.