her frayed nerves and ease her own frantic pulse. "Don't worry. It's okay. It'll be all right." His reassuring voice vibrated through every part of her that was in contact with him, and she couldn't help feeling reassured by its low rumble. "Your truck must be here somewhere. We'll find it later." The man's long stride had them away from the pounding waves and on the haphazardly patched street. It was dusk, but there was still enough light for her to see them moving quickly along the road and passing by the dense brush along the sides. She lowered her head, but peered up at him, taking in his strong jaw, smoothly angular cheeks, and his deep brown eyes. She had thought they were a warm golden brown. She dropped her aching head and settled into his all-encompassing heat. He rubbed his jaw over her still-wet hair and sighed. "Right now, I have to get you warmed up. It'll be completely dark soon and the wind will start to pick up. I've got some sweat pants and hoodies back at my house. They'll be huge on you, but at least they're clean and dry." Startled, Bella pulled her aching head from under his chin. " Your house?" Chuckling, the man smiled again, and his eyes turned down to her baffled ones. "Yes. My house." A slim ribbon of fear began threading its way through Bella's beaten and abused body. "But I don't even know who you are. I think you should take me home. I need to go home." Sighing heavily, his worried eyes perused her anxious face. "You don't remember me? Do you remember slapping me?" "I slapped you? I don't even know you!" she exclaimed weakly. She tried to push away from him, but her worn and battered body wouldn't obey any of her commands, and she went limp in his embrace. Despite her fear, she couldn't help but burrow back into his calming presence and radiating warmth. She'd never felt anything as warm as him before, and he smelled so good. When she took another quavering breath, his rich, earthy scent seemed to permeate her mind, and it helped to clear away the disorienting fog. Despite herself, the last bit of her fright drained away, and she relaxed into his arms. She was so tired. After another rattling breath, she asked, "Who … who are you?" "I'm Paul." Suddenly, the memories came flooding back, and she could remember being with Jacob and seeing Paul cliff-diving with the other boys they had thought were in Sam's gang. Jacob had been afraid of them and hadn't wanted anything to do with them. That had been right before Jacob had phased into a giant wolf for the first time—when he had refused to see her because he thought he might hurt her. The memory of confronting Sam about his gang came rushing back to her, forcing her breath from her in a wheezing gasp. As she looked out into the night-darkened forest beyond the road, she could almost hear the crack of the slap as her hand had come in contact with Paul's face. Not ten feet away from her, he had exploded into a great, silver-furred wolf with deep, amber eyes. "Yes. I remember." She coughed again, her back and ribs seizing in pain at the abrupt motion. "I remember it all." She shuddered as she also remembered the harsh glitter of Edward's topaz eyes, pale skin, and the glacial hands that went with them. In the bushes at the side of the road, she caught a glimpse of flashing yellow eyes and screamed. They were back! He was back! Had he followed her through the woods and to the edge of the cliff? Since she hadn't died in the ocean, had he come to finish her off? Was she was still trapped in the nightmare after all? Being in Paul's arms felt so real . She had been lulled by his strong arms and the heat of his body, but Edward was still out there! Waiting for her! She fought to break free of Paul's hold. She had to run; had lead Edward away from him. She had to make sure Paul was safe! If she ran to get away before the yellow eyes turned to blood red again, she knew Paul would be safe. Somehow, through her ragged screams and desperate attempts to get away, Paul's voice broke through her terror. "Bella! What is it? Why are you trying to get away? What's the matter?" "The eyes! I saw Edward's yellow eyes! He's back!" Her fists beat weakly against his muscled chest. "If I run, he'll follow me. I have to lead him away from you!" Paul held the panicking girl even more tightly as he spoke directly into her ear. "It's not Cullen. Those blood suckers are gone. It was Jared in the woods. He's one of the pack. It's too dark for you to see him, but I can. It's just Jared." Paul sat down in the middle of the road, cradling Bella on his legs, and holding her face between both of his large hands. "Bella, look at me!" he shouted. "You don't have to worry about me. The leech knows better than to come here. I'd tear him apart and burn him. He'd be ashes just like the red-head. That nightmare is over!" Bella's eyes finally opened, and with a tiny glimmer of hope, she looked into Paul's nearly black eyes. "It's over?" "Yes," Paul said, his earnest voice rough with emotion. "It's over. He'll never come near you again. I swear." He brushed her hair away from her face and then clutched her to him as tightly as he dared, burying his face in her neck. "I let you get away from me even though I knew I could help you, but you're here with me now. You'll never be alone again. I promise I'll never let you go." .¸,ø¤º°x°º¤ø,¸. .¸,ø¤º°x°º¤ø,¸. .¸,ø¤º°x°º¤ø,¸.