meet his eye. Concern shows in his gaze as he scans my face. I get the urge to hide it, but I'm too emotionally drained to care for more than a moment. "Do I want to know what happened?" he asks as he puts his beer to his lips and tips it back. "I'm not even sure myself," I admit. "You ended it?" "Kind of." He smirks and raises his eyebrows. "So you were listening." The self-satisfaction dripping from his tone would have me clenching my fists with anyone else, but for some reason, coming from him, it doesn't rile me at all. "He wanted me to leave Conner for him," I explain. Edward sucks in air through his teeth. "I mean, he has for a while, but I felt like he was pushing me today. That's not what this thing between us was supposed to be about." "These things have a habit of becoming serious," he says. I nod and we both fall into silence for a moment. "Will you tell me your story?" I ask eventually. I worry he'll think me rude for asking, but instead of being angry he just looks sad. "I guess. It's pretty easy to make it sound a whole lot simpler than it seemed at the time. My wife Becky loves books, so I started going to a book group, I thought I could surprise her with what I learned. That's where I met Angela - she owned the bookstore where it was held. In her defense she had no idea I was married at first. I stayed back one night to help her tidy up and…yeah." "Were you…" I search for the best word. "With Angela for long?" I ask. I'm filled with a ghoulish curiosity about the whole thing. "Three months." "What happened?" "She wanted more." I shake my head as I gaze off into the distance, watching the traffic coming and going. "What is wrong with people?" I muse. Edward doesn't reply and I gradually become aware I'm being watched. "What?" I ask, averting my eyes quickly as the intensity of the way he looks at me becomes too much to bear. "You think they're the ones with the issues?" he asks. "I think they knew what they were getting into." "You could say we did too." "Why were you leaving Forks?" I turn it back around onto him. "I need some time." "I think you're running away." "Maybe. For the record I think you are too." I laugh and shake my head. "I haven't gone anywhere." "You haven't gone home." "You're so full of bullshit. You ever think of becoming a therapist?" He raises his eyebrows. "Like my mom? No thanks." "Your mom's a therapist?" I struggle to hide my surprise. "Well I guess that explains it." "You're insulting my mom now?" His tone is teasing and I know I haven't offended him. I take another drink of beer and shake my head as I swallow. "I actually have a certain fondness for therapists, we go back a long way." "Well." His eyes shine with mischief. "I guess that explains it." Whatever tension was building, cracks, as we both start laughing. "I propose we call it a draw and agree we're both as fucked up as each other," I say, holding my beer bottle up. Edward dips his head and chinks his bottle against mine. "To being fucked up." I'm about to reiterate his sentiment, but all I can think is how good the word fucked sounded on his lips. He's still waiting, his bottle touching mine. "To being fucked up," I murmur, snatching my bottle back to my mouth. He's looking at me, clearly amused. "Are you thirsty?" he asks. I swallow the beer and wipe my mouth with my fingers. "My mouth's a little dry." His eyes go there, and I watch the tip of his tongue poke out between his lips as he stares shamelessly at mine. "Edward." I speak his name quietly, the syllables flowing from my mouth with a familiarity I shouldn't feel. It worked and his attention is drawn back up from my mouth. He doesn't speak, but the question's there in the way he looks. "You're scaring me." He blanches, begins to withdraw. "No, no." I reach my hand out but I don't touch him. "Not in a bad way. Just… I… it's…" I sigh, exasperated that I can't put all the things I'm feeling into words. I take a deep breath. "You're making me feel." He frowns, his brow drawing over his green eyes. The true color of them is burned into my mind, even as they blaze golden in the sunset. "Feel what?" His voice is low and the sound turns my arms to gooseflesh. "Just… feel." He doesn't say a thing. Panic begins to build in my stomach, slowly rising as I realize I've made an idiot of myself. I can't look at him as I finish off my beer and push away from the railing. "It's been a long day..." I say, desperate for an escape. I reach for the two remaining beers, hold one out to him and clutch the other tightly to me. He reaches out and his hand closes around mine on the bottle. "I left you my number…" I try to swallow, but my mouth's like a desert again and the way he's staring at me isn't helping. "I got it." He raises his eyebrows but makes no comment. "Call me. One day when... things are easier." I can tell he chooses his words with care. The meaning's crystal clear and welcome. I nod. "Sure." His hand slides away from mine as he readjusts his grip so he's holding the bottle. I let go and walk away, pretending every step I put between us is a celebration of my self-control instead of the loss my heart's trying to convince me it is. ~Rebound~ A/N - Thanks to Choc for her support as ever x