"You can't! Edward said—" "Edward had no fucking clue what to do with the woman he had right in front of him. I can give you what he never would or could." Her heart leapt in her chest. "But Peter—" Jasper's lips silenced her. "Peter's taking care of your truck. Bar's closed." His sweet tongue slipped into her mouth as the fingers of his right hand curled at the back of her neck, gripping a handful of hair. He released his hold on her hand that he had placed on his dick, but she didn't remove it. He groaned low in his throat when she tentatively squeezed him. "I knew I would find you again. Who knew you would come to me?" In the blink of an eye, he shoved her jeans and panties down. His fingers were between her legs, touching and exploring like she had never experienced before. It sent a flash of heat through her body, joining the fire he lit in her belly. His cool mouth and tongue were flames dancing over her skin, and she melted into him. She could clearly recall how Edward's timid and restrained kisses had excited her, but they were nothing compared to the hunger of Jasper's. She groaned loudly as his fingers entered her, caressing her on the inside. Of their own volition, her hands stroked him and then coasted over his muscled body, up his neck, and into his silky hair, and then burrowed under the soft flannel and around his back, trying to bring him even closer to her. She needed to have him closer. She knew he could influence her emotions—he'd done it before—but she didn't care if he was. She wanted him like she'd never wanted anyone. When his teeth grazed the side of her throat, she threw her head back and moaned, bringing her thighs together over his hand. Jasper's fingers drew away. He forced her legs apart as he repositioned her on the barstool. She didn't know when he had pushed his jeans down, but his smooth, naked hips were between her knees. His rapid breaths were panting over her hot skin. The warm, spicy perfume of his breath was saturating her mind. She was delirious with the scent of him. "Look at me, girl." His voice was low and rough. Her eyes snapped open. She was mesmerized as he brought his long fingers to his mouth and licked them. "You taste even better than you smell." Then he was kissing her, his tongue making love to her mouth. She tasted herself combined with his delicious flavor. She sucked at his tongue, begging for more. She fought to hold him to her, but he easily pulled away. A lewd grin spread across his beautiful face. "Look at me," he commanded. "I want to see the look in your eyes when I fuck you." Her eyes grew wide when his cool hardness pressed against her. He gradually entered her, spreading and filling her. She cried out in pleasure and pain. His ebony eyes narrowed to glittering slits. "Am I your first?" She could only nod jerkily at him. Despite the burning, she was suddenly afraid he would stop. She prayed he wouldn't. It was as if smoldering embers burst into black flames behind his eyes. "Even better," he growled, licking his lips. His jaw muscles flexed as he eased away from her and smoothly slid forward, filling her again. "Don't close your eyes. Look at me. Feel me." His ravenous lust broke over her and sizzled through her veins, making her forget all about the moment of pain. She clutched at him desperately; her eyes never leaving his as he moved rhythmically inside her, each thrust fluid and unhurried. He licked his fingers again and then placed them on her clit, circling and rubbing, sending jolts of exquisite pleasure through her. She writhed under his gentle, sure touch and hissed, "Jasper!" "I want you to scream my name." His eyes flicked down to her heaving chest. "I should have taken all your clothes off, but I had to be inside you. That's my girl. Fuck me back." His tongue swept over her lips, and his fiery gaze bored into her. "I feel it. I feel you . You're gonna cum all over me." He eased back until only the head of his dick was encompassed by her contracting muscles. "So fuckin' good. That's right. Cum on me." His hips inched forward, sinking into her scorching, wet heat. She suddenly went rigid, screaming his name as her ecstasy sent shudders through her entire body. Jasper bent over her, gasping at the sensations. "You're squeezin' my dick," he grunted. "Almost fuckin' Heaven." When her rippling inner spasms slowed, he snatched his hand away and gripped the edge of the bar. His other hand let go of her hair, and he braced it on the top of the bar—still holding her securely in place, but not tightly enough to crush her as his own powerful orgasm exploded within him. "So worth it," he murmured in her ear. He nuzzled her flushed cheek as her ragged breaths tickled his neck. "Your heart is pounding. I'm gonna miss that sound." Bella's fingers fanned out over each side of his head. Her tear-filled eyes searched his. "You said—" " I will give you everything Edward couldn't," he vowed. "You … you're going to change me?" she asked anxiously, fearing he would still kill her. "Yes. You don't need to worry about being a meal. You'll be a remarkable vampire." With trembling hands, she urged his face closer to hers. "He … he said newborn vampires were out of control—blood-crazed." Arching one eyebrow, he said, "I'd prefer to think of it as wild and wonderful ." She smiled as Jasper enfolded her deliciously spent form in his arms and held her tenderly to his chest. He kissed her under her jaw, and then his razor-like teeth sank into her throat. -wv- .