under his stiff hat but was kind enough to peek beside his pale ears. I knew that if he had his mini flashlight close at hand, I would be under its faint light right about now. It was normal for him to check my well-being, being a doctor and all, but somehow he's touch and stare was different. Like I was just a random patient. I realized with pang of sadness that he didn't even muttered my name in relief just as I did with him. A gentle tear slipped down my face. With his hand still on my cheek, he saw a glimpse of what I was feeling. My emotions stirred inside me and his mouth fell as his breathing stopped. He looked like he choked on sadness and pain. "You don't know me . . . do you?" As I said it out loud, the words hurt me more than I thought they would. I saw his pained expression, he looked like he wanted to say Yes to keep me from hurting, like it hurt him that I was hurt. But he could not lie. "I'm having the hardest time placing you." His words were careful and gently as he held me at arm's length, his hands grasping my shoulders. Desperately, I reached out to touch his face and filled him with every memory I had of him. "My goodness, what was that?" He asked shocked of what he saw. "Please, believe me. I know you." I pleaded, letting a few more tears escape as I leaned forward for a tight embrace. Once again he stopped breathing, the intimate contact surprising him yet again. I could feel the cold skin of his neck against my cheek. "Please remember me. I don't know what to do or where to go." I whispered in a shaky voice. Grandpa, Grandpa it's me! "Believe me child, I would not be able to forget such loveliness if I saw one." I feel his hand rubbing my back in a soothing manner that humans use to calm a child. What he said was true, he won't be able to forget, he has a perfect memory, even after centuries of living. "But if you say you know me, I'll believe you." Those words made me open my eyes and took a step back to look at him. "I do." I told him. And he gave an expression filled with awe. Like he was seeing an angel or if I'm being logical, maybe he was seeing my father, his son. "You are Carlisle Cullen. You are loving, compassionate and God fearing. You are very passionate with helping everyone and keeping them alive." I wonder what else I could say to prove my point. I can't ramble about me being from the future and all that, he would think I'm crazy. But how could I explain this whole thing to him? I guess I would just have to wait for the right time. I also decided against speaking about my being half vampire and half human, not until we're safely inside. "You'll help me. Not just because it's the right thing to do, but also because you care." He gave me a long look of amazement as he thought things through. I waited for his response biting my lower lip and drying my eyes. He nodded slightly before standing up with a small smile on his pink lips and looking past me into the street. His expression unreadable. "Do you know that person?" I looked past my shoulder to follow his gaze. Travis stood at the corner of the street underneath a lamp post. His expression was a mixture of worry and relief. "That's Travis. He helped me get here so I could find you." I informed Grandpa. "Would it be okay if go there and tell him that I'm safe now? Just for a few seconds." I asked softly. He gave me a touched look before smiling. "Of course." He whispered. I whirled around to run towards Travis. He met me half way, curiosity visible on his face. "You didn't tell me you were Dr. Cullen's niece." He breathed, fog coming out of his mouth. "I could have taken you straight to the hospital." I didn't know he would be here. Oh how I wish I could explain. But it would stir up more suspicions. "I'm sorry I took much of your time. But really, thank you Travis." I removed the coat from my back and started removing the shoes as well when he stop me. "Keep the shoes, you shouldn't walk barefoot Renesmee." He smirked. "I'm starting to think you sleepwalked all the way into our house." I smiled, genuinely. He caught his breath. "Thank you." As I push the folded coat towards him, I squeezed his hands lightly, showing him just how thankful I am through my gift. After that, I faced Grandpa again, afraid he'd disappear if I look away too long. I ran back to him, his golden eyes never leaving my small form. "Shall we go in then?" He asked softly as I stop in front of him. I answered him by intertwining my hand into his. Surprised, again by my boldness, he blinked for a few seconds before taking a step forward. We entered the hospital together, me taking full steps beside him. It's not the first time we did this, we've entered the hospital hand and hand dozens of time before. But now being in the past, I have a feeling it feels just as new to me as it did to him. Let me know what you think. I can't get this idea for a story off of my head. I kept imagining it. I'm glad i wrote it and i hope you like it as well. I'm sorry for the possible grammatical errors, i'm still working on my Englishand I hope you can excuse those errors for now as i work hard to be better. Kate =}