"Great." I said. "Although I could do with a shower." "And perhaps a nap." Leda added hopefully. "Yes. About that." Gramps said as he stood up too. "I take it you would like to share a room?" I wasn't sure what to answer. "We know you won't get up to anything here, but I can hardly say anything if you share a bed when I used to share one with Tobias." Gran said. "We just need to know whether to set up two rooms or just the one." "Just the one please." I said carefully. "I will be but quarter of an hour." Gramps said and reached up to tap my shoulder on his way past. "In the meantime take a load off. Can I get you anything from the juice bar? Drinks? Snacks?" Gran offered. "Thanks." I said as I sat down and Leda sat next to me. "Coming right up." Gran said as she went to the juice bar and came back with sodas and chips. She sat down next to us and motioned for us to help ourselves. I leant forward, grabbed a big bag of fiery hot Doritos and a can of coke. I sat back, opening the bag and propping it beside me before I opened the can, had a swig and placed it on the table before stuffing my mouth full of chilli hot nacho goodness. "I was preoccupied with Billie down on the Ranch." Gran said as Leda picked up a small bag of the weird prawn cocktails crisps that she liked from the UK, it came as part of a multi pack Gramps had shipped especially for her, Addie and the twins. "How are you both doing since the battle?" "Fine I guess. We didn't really suffer in the battle and it was good to be a hero saving Auntie Billie." I replied. "Can I see that again?" Gran asked as she held out her hand. I nodded, wiped my hand on my t-shirt to get Doritos dust off them then took Gran's hand, closing my eyes as I remembered how we rescued Billie. "Thank you." Gran whispered as she pulled her hand away. "I'm glad you were on the ball at least. How did you even hear her through all that din?" "I don't really know. Just one of those weird things we get from time to time. How messed up her mind was at the time I'm surprised it was coherent enough for me to track it. Guess someone was looking out for Billie in that moment." I said with a shrug. "There are things we don't know about in this world. I mean twelve years ago I would have found it hard to believe in ghosts, and we had one right here in Tregarran." Gran mused. "Thank you for securing Mama in my dreams, it is a great help to talk to her." Leda said. "You still do?" Gran asked, looking surprised. "Most every night. A girl needs her Mama, even when she is close to her Papa and has a good stepmother she can confide in. Mama knows everything of my life, like she would if she survived my birth, and she gives me advice when I need it." "I met her too." I said. "You have?" Gran asked. "Dream walking." I said with a grin. "Deliberately?" Gran asked. "Nope. Totally by accident." "You're more powerful than Astrid and Lydia." Gran said. "I know." I said with a nod, it's not like it was something new to me. "No. I mean a lot more powerful. Not at Mags' level, but close." Gran said looking thoughtful. "I guess that's something to think about." I shrugged. As long as I was more powerful than the GT I really didn't care. Grandpa entered the room, placing his phone back in his pocket. "Addie just phoned. It seems that he wishes to continue on with your plan of a Freaks' concert. Dove and Simon will also attend. They will be here in two hours, but your room is ready if you wish to rest in the meantime." "I could use an hour's nap." I said, stifling a yawn. "As could I." Leda agreed. "If you would care to grab your bags I will show you to the room I prepared." Gramps said. "I have to prepare a room for Dove and Simon as well as contemplate whether to prepare one for Robyn or feign that there is only the one extra room available and risk Dove's wrath." "I think perhaps you should maybe prepare an extra room for Robyn and if they have to be separate…" I looked sadly to Leda. "It would be wrong for us to share when our friends cannot." Leda said solemnly. "Then I will prepare three rooms. I had placed you furthest from Addie, so I may put you next to each other and then Dove and Simon on the end there, that way Addie and Robyn can be next to each other too." "Ok." I said, wondering if we'd have to wait for Leda's room to be ready. "I see no reason you cannot share in the meantime." Gramps said with a smile. "Shall we?" Me and Leda went down to get our bags then Gramps led us up to the room next door to the one Gramps usually put Alec in if he was visiting. Gramps said he'd put me in the one near the corridor so that Dove and Simon were really far away from Addie and Robyn. Then he let us get an hour nap before the others got here. Thank you for reading Sorry this took a long time but there's been a combination of a cold and cough that has bugged for the last three weeks and doesn't look to be going anywhere soon, and other RL annoyances taking up my free time. I'll try and get the next update up quickly, but there'll definitely be something before Christmas. Gemma x