six in the evening when I arrive at Bella's trailer. I knock on her door as I walk in. "Hi," I say, looking her over. "You look amazin'." She's sitting in a chair, wearing a blue dress that fits her perfectly. "These are for you." I hand her some colorful wild flowers the florist helped me put together. Putting my hands in my pockets, I watch her as she smells them. I'm glad they're already in a vase with water so she can set them down. "Are ya ready to go?" "I am," she replies, looking at me with her eyes full of wonder. Moving to her, I pick her up and carry her to the truck. I get her belted in and then get in myself. Slowly, I drive us to the quiet area that I, along with Alice and Rose, have set up. The sky is clear tonight, and with the warmth of the heaters and the light of the candles, we'll be comfortable on the blanket. Placing Bella softly down on the blanket, I sit down next to her. "My ma helped me cook our dinner," I tell her as I uncover the food that I've kept heated on a small hot plate. Setting the one big plate down between us, I hold the one fork I intend for us to share. "Dad said Dusty may have to be let go," Bella mumbles out, sounding heartbroken. Cupping her face, I rub her chin with my thumb. "We'll find somewhere safe for him. None of this is yer fault." She looks at me, and I know she feels guilty. "Even if those kids hadn't let him out, we would still be talkin' about lettin' him go. He's old, Bella. You know yer dad's rules about lettin' the older animals have their retirement, too. He likes to let them enjoy their life after givin' so many years of service." "I know. It's just … He's part of the family." Smiling, I lean forward and kiss the side of her mouth. This is the biggest reason I've fallen in love with her. She is pure-hearted and loves everyone, even the animals. "We'll see him again, love." Bella looks at me and nods. I pick up her legs, looping them over mine like we always do, and we chat as we eat from the same plate. "Dance with me?" I say after we've finished. "Er," Bella says, scratching her head. "Ya know I love dancin' as much as you do, but ..." She points at her legs, and I can't help but look at them. Damn cast or not, she has lovely legs. "Trust me," I say, moving her legs and jumping up. I hook my iPod up to the truck, and the music fills the area. Moving back to Bella, I pick her up, placing her so that her feet are resting on mine, but my arms are around her back, supporting her weight. Bella smiles, and her arms go around my neck as her fingers thread into my hair. I press my forehead to hers, and we start to move. Keeping my eyes locked with hers, I lean closer and kiss her lips. We sway side to side, and our kisses increase in length and pressure. My arms hold her body to mine, and I trail a hand down her leg. When I pull lightly, she instantly responds, wrapping both of her legs around my hips. Not once while this was happening did our swaying or kissing stop. "I love you," I say and hear as I pull back, knowing it wasn't just me that said those words. I grin, as does she. Pressing my lips back on hers, I feel happier right now than I've ever felt before. It's been seven weeks, and Bella has gotten her cast off. Her legs healed up good as new. We've spent a great deal of time together and have become a couple. Even with all the joy and happiness, today is a sad day for us. Dusty is leaving to go to his forever home in Oklahoma. Moving to the fence, I watch as he's led to the field by Garrett. "Think he's gonna be okay?" Bella asks as she watches him. "I think he'll be fine. There're a lot of heifers here," I say, looking around the field of cattle. Bella chuckles, but I can hear the faint sob behind it. Pulling her close, I kiss her head, looking down at her. I jump as I feel a breath huff on my neck. Turning my head, I see Dusty standing there looking at me. "Hey, boy," I say. "I wish I knew what they did to ya. I woulda helped ya kick their asses," I tell him, sure that he hates me. He sees me as the guy who protected one of the guys who hurt him. "Yer free now. No more riders; no more crashing my ass, but I'll be dropping in to see ya from time to time, okay?" I ask him, and he huffs again. His eyes flicker to Bella and then back to me. "Come on," I say to Bella, and we slowly walk to my truck. We stop when I hear a loud huff and a stomp. Turning, I see Dusty still looking at me, and I tilt my head. He drops his head, and for the first time, he turns his back on me and walks away. "Think that means yer both cool now?" Bella asks, and I nod, knowing he must trust me a little or he'd never have turned his back on me. "Yeah, come on. We've got a rodeo to get ready for." Driving along the field, I look back and see that Dusty is mingling with his new friends. Feeling Bella's body next to mine, I turn, removing one hand from the wheel and wrapping my arm around her. I kiss the top of her head as we drive off.