Such a good little bit…" It trailed off again and I missed that last part. Bad language aside, this is TV gold! I can already see the awards on my mantle. What did it matter if the words didn't really make any sense? A screamed rattled through the room. Literally. Ornaments, books, glasses…all shook with the force of the scream. What in the nine levels of hell have we awakened?! "Maybe we should go back now," Michael, no longer looking enthusiastic, in fact he looks like he wants to be anywhere but here. "Now? Are you crazy?" I ask him, covering my mic, "This is gold! Keep asking questions." He didn't look particularly happy, but I pay his wages sooo…. "Give us a sign that-" " I can't get enough of your blood…my wife…" My wide eyes connected with Michael's wide eyes, and then Debora's and Sean's…wide eyes all around. "Vampire?!" I whisper, bouncing up and down on the balls of my feet, "Or is this like an Elizabeth Bathory thing?" "You think we're hearing a ghost bathing in the blood of virgins?" Sean asked, looking at me like he thought I'd boarded the crazy train. "Cause it really doesn't sound like they're…in pain. You know?" Whatever. "The vampire of Chillington Castle," I speak to myself, "Discovered in 2015…the ghost of…" I wave my hand about, "Whichever Knight….and that's why they chopped his head off! After the hanging and drawing and quartering didn't work. Ha! Do you know what this means?!" " PLEASE! PLEASE! RIP ME OPEN WI…" Again it trails off before finishing the sentence. "Where is it coming from?" "What? Why?! We need to leave …whoever the hell it is that died here just begged to be ripped open! Ripped o-pen! " Sean points out, rather obviously. "Oh, whatever, it's just a psychic imprint.'" I waved him off, walking around the room with my ear to the walls. "It feels more….vital than that," Michael points out, "I don't think it's simply an imprint, but an active spirit." Another moan, this one long and drawn out, came as if to prove his point, "Very active. If we can get them to appear to us then we'll-" He broke off as a loud bang, followed by a kind of crunchy crash, interrupted him. We all stared at each other again. Even I was beginning to wonder if it wasn't past time for us to make our exits. But…oh, the possibilities! "Are we sure there's no one else around here?" I ask, looking around the room through the different filters on the camera, jumping when another growl sounded out, and this one louder…and almost closer? "There's supposed to be hidden passages all over this house," Sean piped up. When I turned towards him I saw he was on his phone, likely searching Google, "There's supposed to be one in here somewhere…but it doesn't say where." "Well, that's useful." I grouch, suddenly very interested in finding hidden seams in the walls, and hoping that nobody points out that I should've known that already. We all set about the room, pulling on books, trying to twist things, looking behind pictures. Basically every clichéd secret door opening whatsit ever was attempted. Nothing. " YES! Bathe in my blood…drink it down…oh Master…." "Oh, bloody hell," I froze, my voice shaking. The noise we had just heard was so very eerie, and the words had been really rather distinctive. The voice was strangled almost. "Have you ever encountered something so distinct?" I asked Michael, who was busy communing with his spirit guide. "Trevor is telling me that we need to leave. That we're in great danger," Michael's voice shook, "We need to leave. Now." Sean and Deborah were all for that idea. I wasn't. "Hang on! We need to find the source of this, do you have any idea what this will do for my rati…I mean, the paranormal world? Actual proof, undeniable. It's not like they can actua-" I was interrupted by what could only be described as a roar. So loud the windows rattled and we all flinched, covering our ears. It went on for at least a minute, maybe two, before echoing off into a silence so profound I wondered if I'd become deaf. "So…we leaving now?" Deborah asked. No one answered…we just legged it. oOo Back to Peter… Holding my woman in my arms is one of my favourite things to do after my favourite thing to do. Feeling her all shaky and jellified at once never fails to boost my ego. Also, if I'm going to be absolutely honest, warms my long silent heart. Her smile is one of total satisfaction as she nuzzles against my chest, purring quietly as I stroke my fingers through her long, thick hair. I kiss her head, her temple, anywhere I can bend to reach, unable to not do it. It's always like that whenever she's near. "That was amazing, baby," she murmurs, "I fucking love you, Pire Mine." I smile. Wide. "I fuckin' love you too, Wolf Mine." I purr back, breathing in her scent, and ours combined as we enjoy our post naughty nekkid time cuddle, "Sorry for gettin' distracted." "Oh, you sooooo do not need to apologise, cowboy," she rests her chin on my chest so as to look at me, "So…we gonna go mess with the investigators now?" The chiming on an incoming message interrupts us before I can answer. It takes me a second to understand it, and less than that to start laughing my ass off. "What is it?" Shelby asks, taking the phone from me, and busting a gut herself after reading it, "Looks like we already did!" Message: Funny thing just happened. We're all watching the 'Haunted?' at Chillingham Castle, wondering if we'd get to see you two. You know it's a live show, right? Kudos on managing to combine fucking with the peeps and fucking your woman. oOoTheEndoOo E/N: if you liked, let me know! Thanks!