orgasm zipped through her, causing her to lose control and scream. Edward kept his mouth on her, tasting every ounce of her release as it coated his tongue, dribbling down his hand and arm. She collapsed onto the bed as the torrents of ecstasy waned. She was panting heavily, covered in a light sheen of sweat. Her orgasms were never that intense when she used her vibrator. A piece of plastic is not the real thing, Swan. Edward crawled up after he'd shimmied out of his boxer briefs. He stared at Bella as she recovered from her orgasm. Her eyes were closed and he could stare at her unabashedly. When her eyes opened, she smiled shyly, trying to hide her nudity. "Don't, sweetness. You're perfect," he soothed, pinning her arms above her head. She bit her lip, gazing up at him. He leaned down, keeping his eyes on hers. Some women didn't like to taste themselves on their partner's mouth, but Bella met him halfway, sighing when she did taste the evidence of her release on his lips. "I want you," she whispered. "Inside of me." He pulled away, reaching for his pants to get his wallet that held a couple of condoms. Bella didn't want that. She knew she was clean and protected. Kneeling behind him, she covered his hands and put the condoms on the nightstand. Her lips brushed against his ear. "All of you. I'm clean and protected." He blinked a few times. He'd never been with a woman without a condom, which was why it shocked him to no end when Tanya told him she was pregnant. He looked back at her, arching a brow. He stared into her eyes, looking for any doubt. There wasn't any. "I am, too." He blew out a breath, brushing an errant curl from her face. "This is a first for me, Bella. Honestly, I only ever wanted you." "Me, too," she smiled, kissing him. "Make love to me, Edward." He nodded, pressing her back onto the mound of pillows. Her legs opened and he fell between them. His cock was ready for action, leaking for her. He kept his verdant eyes on her as he grasped his hardness and ran it through her slick folds. She bit her lip as he placed his erection at her entrance, slowly pushing inside. He was trying not to lose it, but everything about her was made for him. Her silken walls hugged his cock until he was finally seated within her body. They were now one. A lone tear slipped from Bella's eyes. Edward kissed it away. "Don't cry, love." "I'm just so happy," she murmured. "Never in my wildest dreams …" He pressed his mouth to hers and began moving sinuously. "I want to make all of those dreams come true, Bella," he breathed, sliding his tongue between her lips. She nodded, grasping his shoulders as he rocked his body, thrusting easily in her. She met him, working in concert with his movements. They were making love in its purest form, kissing languidly and sharing one body. All too soon, Edward felt the tingling in his stomach and his balls tightening. He was close. He never wanted to leave her, lost in her warmth. However, her body was making his sing. Her whispered, "Edward," reacted in his body and soul. He spilled inside, claiming her as he'd always dreamed. Her head was thrown back with her pleasure, her pussy milking him with each roll of his hips. He collapsed, burying his nose in the crook of her neck as they both caught their breath. Bella ran her hands idly up and down his back, humming quietly. When Edward softened, he fell out of Bella and he pouted at the loss. Getting up, he kissed her lips three times before going into the lavish bathroom. He swiped a washcloth, putting it under warm water. He padded back, obviously comfortable in his own skin and gently wiped between Bella's legs. Her eyes were trained on some ink that Edward had on his hip, curving around his body. "What's that?" she asked, running her fingers along the form. "It's a tattoo," he answered. "Duh," Bella snarked. "I know it's a tattoo." Her fingers were gentle and caused his cock to come back to life. She licked her lips at that, but she was still fixated on the tattoo. "Edward, why do you have a swan tattoo on your hip?" He blushed. "I … I … How do I put this?" he said. "I couldn't stop thinking about you. I've always wanted you. I've always loved you, Bella. I still do." "You love me?" she squeaked. "So much, sweetness," he said, sitting down and taking her face in her hands. "Getting this tattoo, it helped me move past the nightmare of my disastrous marriage and it gave me the drive to try something with you. I got it on my twenty-eighth birthday. If you hadn't come to the reunion, I would have flown out to you. I gave up my dreams because of so many stupid reasons. Seeing this daily, reminded me of your sweet smile, your blush, your nose buried in a book and that purple backpack. I didn't want to live in regret anymore. You were the one that got away, Bella. Now that I have you back, I never want to let you go. I don't expect you to say it back …" She removed her hand from his hip and covered his mouth. "I love you, too. I loved you since forever. Seeing this on you … there are no words, Edward," she whispered. "Let me show you how much I love you, Bella," he said, caressing her face with his fingers. "Because I do love you." And he did show her, all night long, how much he loved her. They both finally got their dream came true with the one that got away. The best Valentine's Day gift. Ever. Fin