believe her. I could feel my own despair and anxiety mounting. What in God's name was I doing? "I love you," I said, before I ended the call. Odd, usually she would just murmur an "I love you too." But she said "I know" instead. I'm not sure if it was the tone that caught me off guard or the slight variation on her telephone conversation protocol. Before I put the phone back in my pocket, it vibrated. I held it up thinking it might be Alice again. I blurted out "Oh, baby…" and heard a snort coming from a male voice. "Now, Major, you may have sired me, but I'm not a baby anymore. I'm older than you are in total years if not in vampire years." "Peter!" "Or were you thinking of taking our relationship to the next level." "Fu… "Tsk tsk, Major. Language. I thought the rarified air of the Cullen family would have eradicated any vestiges of the raucous and randy Major Whitlock we know and love." "How…Why…" "If I didn't know better, Major, I would swear that I just roused you from a drunken stupor." "Hah! Don't be droll." "Shall I meet you half way, Jasper?" This was now my oldest and dearest friend speaking to me. Slowly, I could feel the dark clouds of confusion and bewilderment lifting up and away from me. I looked around me. There's nothing here left that I want or need – at least not now. "Yes," I smiled though Peter could not see me. "Yes," I said this time, more as an affirmation. It was early fall, so Peter and Charlotte were settling into Southern Colorado, just over the Northern Texas and Oklahoma border. "Let's meet in Nevada," I said. "You're on," he agreed. We didn't settle on an exact time or date or place. It didn't matter. Peter would find me or I would find Peter at the right time. I looked at the room I shared with Alice one last time, and then walked towards the door. I hadn't switched on the lights before. It hadn't been necessary. I slipped down the stairs and through the front door. I placed the key for safekeeping in the hiding spot, and I was off on a new venture. For the first time in 48 hours, no, for the second time in my vampire existence I was feeling hopeful. Maybe Alice was right. Things would sort themselves out in the end. But for now I had an appointment with a very good friend. Jasper When I returned to Forks three days after the birthday fiasco, I decided to check in on Bella. More like spying, actually. I perched myself in a tree across from her house. My eyes followed the wretched specter which was now Bella step out of her house and into her truck. "God, Bella, what happened to you?" I gasped. Her long dark hair was lank—devoid of all luster. It looked like it hadn't been washed or combed or brushed in weeks. Her shoulders were hunched and she stared at her feet as she shuffled towards her truck. She seemed so frail and brittle, that I could blow her down with a whiff of my breath. I watched Bella as she parked her truck and made her way to school. I thought the despair I felt from her when I found her in the woods was overwhelming. But this numbness I felt from her was hell, or what I would imagine hell to be like. I think I could have detected more signs of life from a corpse. Bella looked, walked and smelled like a zombie. I'm sure she was wearing the same stale unwashed clothes. I noticed that in the cafeteria, which I could see from my perch in the tree, that Bella sat with her friends, but she was physically at a distance from them as if she was being shunned. I followed her home after school and watched her drag herself through her front door. In the past Bella always made time to prepare meals for her father. Now, Bella would just go upstairs to her room. Her father brought home pizza and various other takeout meals. Bella ate nothing. At night I heard her scream. Nightmares. Her father would come in to check on her. The only thing I could do was send calming waves to help her go back to sleep. She didn't seem to recognize that it was me helping her. This routine of my observing Bella continued over several days. She wasn't improving. If anything, I think she was actually getting worse. I overheard her father talking to a doctor who was making recommendations for possible psychiatric care. Charlie Swan didn't want to go in that direction, but he was feeling hopeless about how to help his daughter. The last straw for me was when I overheard the terrible fight between Bella, her father, mother and stepfather. Renée tried to persuade Bella to leave Forks and follow her to Florida. I wasn't prepared for the feral side of Bella which lashed out viciously, refusing to go anywhere. I left when I heard Phil, Bella's stepfather, slap her. Charlie had to rein himself in before strangling him. The whole scene sickened me. I couldn't take any more, and left in search of neutral ground to figure out my next move. I went to my retreat, a cottage I sometimes used near Hurricane Ridge and Crescent Lake just outside of Port Angeles when I needed to think. I walked in and stood there for several more hours trying to process all that I had observed. As I sat on my porch gazing at the starless night, I sighed. "Okay, Major. What's your plan?" It always helped me to speak aloud when I was strategizing. "I need to talk to her, and let her know that I'm still here, and didn't leave. That's the first step. I'll figure out the rest later."