you get here?" "On my Kayak." I replied. "Can it carry two?" She asked. "Not really." I said. "But Kekipi's got a canoe." I nodded. "We'll row to Hilo and then I can pillion with you to Susie's." Billie said with a nod. "Why Susie's?" I asked. "We'll need the help of some of your cousins." She said, which wasn't really an answer. "For what?" I asked. "We need to get your Mom and Dad out here right?" Billie asked. "Dad too?" I asked feeling awkward about that. "It'll look weird if we tell Elise and not Big Jim. For the sake of the harmony of their marriage we need it to seem like he knows nothing about it." Billie said warily. "Ok." I said, "But can you see Dad climbing that hill?" "You'll get him up there." Billie said confidently. "I will?" I asked, I had to do that alone. "Well me and Kekipi will have to be up here obviously." Billie said as she stood up and started walking toward the path. "You coming?" I nodded and followed her, still not knowing what was happening, but I guess she had a plan. She grabbed Kekipi's canoe and we paddled back to Hilo. We left the boats at Kekipi's garage and instead of going to get my scooter, Kekipi let us use his car instead. Well as long as Billie was driving he let us use his car because it would be safer than both of us perched on my little scooter for all that way. We drove out to my Grandma Susie's and found her in her garage, which was near the entrance to the long drive that led to the sprawling house she shared with my grandpa, the old surf champ Tuck Munroe. "Hey girls, I didn't expect to see you so soon." She said as she wiped her oily hands in a rag. "Come in and have a coffee." Me and Billie went into the gloom of the garage and followed Susie over to her little office area where she put the coffee machine to heat through. Then she dropped into a chair and gestured for us to take the other chairs. I waited for Billie to choose the chair she wanted before I sat down too. "Not that I don't mind the visit, but I doubt this is just a social call." She said. "No." Billie replied. "Well not completely. I do like to visit you Auntie Susie." "Yeah I know." Susie said with a grin. "So, what d'ya want?" "Are any of your clan available Friday?" Billie asked. "I'll have to ask them. How many do you need?" Susie asked. "Not sure yet. Any of them good at cooking? They'll have to run the Diner for a few hours." Billie replied. "Why?" Susie asked looking curious. "Isla wants to tell her mother about the wolf, that means telling Kimo too. So we thought it might be better to get them out to Wolf Island where it can be show as well as tell. Nothing proves a point than turning into a huge ass wolf." "At least Dad can't deny it then." I put in. "You think he might?" Susie asked. "We're gonna give him an out." Billie said. "Yeah." I confirmed, although I wasn't one hundred percent sure Dad deserved it after everything he put Kekipi through. "It's up to him if he wants to put his foot in it with Elise." Billie said with a shrug. "Elise? That's her name?" Susie said, looking sad. "Would love to know her." "Well we can get her in touch with you once she knows everything." I said eagerly. "Mom always wanted a big family and she'll go crazy over our tribe." "I hope she does." Susie said. "Always room for more at our table. Can bring your no-good half brothers too if you wanna." "Let's just leave it at Mom first. Lim and Odell are a pain in the okole. You're better off not knowing them." I said with a snort. "Well I can't exactly exclude them if they're your brothers." Susie said as she got to her feet and poured out three steaming mugs of coffee before plopping them on the desk. "Um…you got milk and sugar?" I asked hopefully. "Nope." Susie said as she picked up her cup of what had to be molten coffee and took a mouthful. "Shaka." I said as I looked into the dark bitter liquid. "I got a chocolate milk if you want. I got my little stash." Susie said with a wink and she reached below her desk and came out with a kiddie carton of chocolate milk. I took it from her and it was ice cold so obviously it had been in the fridge. "I like my coffee hot and bitter and my milk cold and chocolaty." She added before taking another sip of her molten coffee. "Thanks Gran." I said as I pierced the little foil patch with the straw and began to drink. "Ok. So I'll talk to my lot. See who's available. Anyway I can get hold of you?" Susie asked. "I can use my cell now." Billie said as she picked up a pen from the desk and scribbled her number on the corner of the paper. "I'll be in touch later tonight." Susie said. "Thanks Aunt Susie." Billie said as she got to her feet. "Thanks Gran." I said as I got up too and put my empty carton on the desk. "See you soon." "Hopefully with your parents in tow." I nodded and after a few goodbyes followed Billie back to the car. Once we were on the road I asked Billie what would happen next. "Just hold tight and I'll let you know as soon as I know more." She said. "Ok." I replied and looked out the window at the moving scenery as I wondered what would actually happen. Thank you for reading Reviews are welcome Gemma x