ash and gone? "I will help you, Bella." He was holding her hand. He was cool and smelled like leather and … Leather. Like when Renee made her go horseback riding, and she couldn't even throw her leg over to mount. The instructor had helped by pushing her leg over the saddle. He was helping her. He was holding her hand and talking to her. She needed for him to keep talking. Edward had needed her once. Bella and Alice had helped him. Or was it that Alice needed Bella to help her save Edward? To keep Edward out of the sun in Volterra so they wouldn't kill him. The Volturi vampires had red eyes. Red, blazing eyes … Help me fight the fire! He was helping her fight the flames with his cool touch. Then she had been alone and couldn't fight the vampires by herself. How could I? Edward had left her to fight the vampires alone. Jake helped. Jake, the … Werewolf? The wolves had caught the vampire with the black hair. They chased the other one with the red hair. But she kept coming back. She had hair like red flames … You left me, Edward! You left me ! She had loved him and he left her to face the red-eyed vampires alone—because she hadn't been enough for him. He hadn't cared if the vampires came back. But Edward had come back, and said he loved her, but did he? Bella hadn't been good enough and Edward came back and tried to force her into a mold of his design. For her own good, he'd said. Or to make her good enough for him? He broke the truck so she couldn't see Jake, and he followed and hovered and clung, and told her where she could go and who she could see. He made Alice her babysitter. She watched, and followed, and kept her from … Edward had lied and Alice helped him. He had bribed Alice to assist him! Bella had been so so mad. She was furious! I am furious. A blade of hot fury pierced her chest, cracking it open. A cool hand on her arm pushed back the fury, the anger, and the fire. It was him . He was the one that found her. He smelled like leather and … there was a spice … but she couldn't remember what it was. He was helping her fight the fire, and though she wanted to give up, she would fight it for him . What did he say? Who did this? What happened? Bella didn't remember, but she had to try—for him. He was helping to push the flames away, so she fought with everything she had. She remembered battling against Edward and Alice. Bella had been at Newton's and fought to leave before they could see and stop her from visiting Jake again. Edward had no right to keep her from Jacob. She'd left Newton's and drove to the Reservation. She had been driving her truck through the rain as fast as she could make it go. She had almost made it to the boundary line. That stupid line between the vampires and the wolves. Something ran across the road and she swerved so she wouldn't hit it. Something … across the road … She hadn't hit whatever it was, but the truck slid off the pavement and rolled down the bank. The seatbelt ripped. Her legs caught on the steering wheel and they snapped. Just like when red-eyed James broke her leg. The nomad vampires—James, Victoria and Laurent. James had decided to hunt Bella when Edward tried to protect her. Edward couldn't catch James, so Jasper and Alice took her to Phoenix. James had gone to Phoenix and tricked Bella into thinking he had her mother. He lured her to the old ballet studio where she had taken lessons as a small child. But Renee wasn't there—only James. The pepper spray Charlie had given her hadn't worked. He easily caught her and threw her into the mirrored wall. He stomped on her leg and broke it just before he bit her arm. The venom was like acid. It was burning … Jasper and Emmett killed James … Edward had sucked out the venom so Bella wouldn't change into a vampire like him. She should have realized then he had never really wanted her—had lied when he said he wanted her forever. Jasper had urged them to go after the red-haired vampire, Victoria. But Edward said no. Edward always said no. The truck had rolled and pain had exploded in her head and chest, arms and legs, and there was blood everywhere. So much more blood than in Phoenix. Her beloved tank of a truck hadn't saved her. It must have caught fire because she woke up and was burning. Then the cool rain. Wasn't it always raining in Forks? Why hadn't the rain put out the fire? Then he was there. He said he would help, but why didn't he put out the fire? Maybe he couldn't, but he helped her fight it. The fire was searing acid like the venom ... … Like the venom from a vampire. Bella's heart had begun hammering against inside her chest, every beat another blast of agony. Was it venom? That … that fire … that … torture she had been struggling against … that he had been helping her to fight. Was it venom? Was she changing into a vampire? Or was she going to die? He was still with her. She felt his hands around hers. "It's nearly over, Darlin'. I'm here. It's almost over. I'm here." He stayed. He didn't leave her. He stayed through the fire and … The fire stopped. The burning stopped. Bella's heart stopped. -oOoOo- -oOoOo- -oOoOo- Credits: Beta services provided by Scorpian of FFnet and CapriciousC , thir13enth , LoveLeVampyre , EdwardsMate4ever, and 4mejasper of Project Team Beta. They kicked my ass. Deservedly so.