walked side by side and I could tell he was nervous about something, he kept muttering something under his breath and I could see his fingers twitching. "Miss Charlotte, may I have a moment?" he asked as he stopped us near a tree and I nodded for him to continue. "Well I was wondering if I might be so bold as to ask if you are, you know, umm promised to anyone?" he asked nervously and I smiled brightly as I shook my head no. "Would you, I mean do you think, oh for goodness sake. Miss Charlotte, would you do me the extraordinary honor of letting me court you?" he asked and I wanted to jump him but that would not be ladylike, not in this era anyways. "Why Mr. Whitlock, I would be honored to have you court me" I blushed as I gave a slight curtsy and he bowed back. We walked back to the house and sat on the porch swing and talked about my trip here, I was careful not to say anything about my life previously, just what we came up with. He asked me if I believed in love at first sight and I looked deeply into his eyes and said "I do now" he leaned in and gave me a quick but gentle kiss on my cheek and I was left breathless. "Well I'm gonna head to bed, Miss Charlotte, I bid you good night and I'll see ya in the morning darling" he smiled as he gave my hand another kiss and left me on the porch. As soon as he was out of sight I jumped up and fist pumped the air. The next several weeks were spent getting use to the routine here and fixing things. I also spent a lot of time getting to know Peter. We were always with Jasper or Alice and I was extremely happy when mention of the annual ball came up and Peter asked me if I would be on his arm. That set Alice off and she immediately dragged me upstairs where we spent a few days looking for gowns and then fixing them up. We were fixing the hem on a dress when I heard laughing "Well the dance should be interesting "Alice giggled and I asked her what she meant. "Charlotte, you're a beautiful girl, any man would love to have you on their arm and while I know you are being courted by my dear Peter, it still won't stop the men from wanting to dance with you" she smiled and I gasped and thought "Yeah right" The dance was fun and although I did not know the dances I learned quickly and no one seemed to mind my ignorance about them. Peter watched me like a hawk and a few men flirted with me and asked me to dance but I declined. Peter finally took pity on me and we walked outside in the cool evening air with several other couples. He was being awfully quiet and it sort of un-nerved me, he was always so happy and talkative but now he seemed upset. "Are you okay Peter?" I asked him as I laced my arm through his and he let out a harsh breath. "Yes, it's just those men in there, they all know that I am courting you, they are a shameful lot. You don't flirt with a woman who is otherwise engaged" he scowled "Are we?" I asked "Are we what" he said "You know engaged. Maybe you should think about that. To some men, courting is not the same as engaged" I smirked and then I kissed his cheek and turned to go back in. I was being cheeky but I gasped when he grabbed me from behind and hugged me to him so my back was to his front "MINE" he growled, then he pulled away leaving me quivering inside. All I could do was nod and smile at him my voice was gone. We spent the rest of the night dancing and Peter made sure to make it obvious that were in fact a couple and I swore that he actually snarled at one man who came to ask me to dance. Alice and Jasper were beside themselves laughing and Alice told me that she had never seen Peter act like this. She said Jasper was the same way when they were courting and I blushed again. I was picking out quilt patterns, mending curtains and dresses were getting boring and I needed a challenge. As I was picking out colors Peter walked up behind bent over the dining room table laying them out for an idea. "I love the colors Charlotte, is that for our bed?" I blushed red and asking "Would you like that Peter?" "It's all I think about" he said breathlessly "You think about me making a quilt Peter?" I teased and he scowled "Then what do you dream about Peter?" I said softly "You, darlin" he whispered as he stared at me, then he pulled my body towards his and kissed me hard and deep. My head was swimming and it was incredible. "Marry me" he whispered as he pulled away and put his forehead to mine. "Yes" I whispered back as he kissed me again and then I felt something cold on my finger and I gasped as he slipped a stunning gold ring onto my finger. I heard a squeal and looked up to see Alice and Jasper standing there. They came over and hugged us while Jasper smacking his brother on the back and said "Bout time Brother" That evening, we sat out on the porch swing again, the stars were out and the moon was high and I sighed in contentment as Peter wrapped his arm around me and pushed us back and forth with his foot and I couldn't help but think how all my dreams were coming true. My Southern Dreams.