I want to fight for her? I think back over the past few months, back even further than the first time I walked into the bookstore. I wasn't happy; things weren't great, or I wouldn't ever have set foot in the place. I wander through to the kitchen, still looking for answers when I find my phone sitting on the counter. I pick it up, press the home button and read the message that leaves no doubt as to where I spent last night when I said I was working late again. I know it's my fault I left my phone where B could see it, but a wave of anger toward Bookish flows from me, for sending it in the first place. As it ebbs away again, I wonder whether I love her. Almost straight away I realize if I'm having to ask, then I already know the answer. I like her. A lot. But love? She's a girl I fuck in a bookstore when the closed sign shows and the shades are pulled. Is that really a basis for a relationship? As I walk back through the house, I look around and take everything in. With a growing sense of unease I wander from room to room, trying to pick out anything here that I identify with. By the time I'm done I've come to the conclusion that I'm squatting in someone else's life. This house is all B. She chose the rugs and the curtains. The couch was the one she wanted, the console a gift from her mother, and that painting that hangs over the fireplace? Well, that was by her aunt. The unease fades a little as realization dawns. Moving my stuff out, at least, will be easy. I pull a bag from the closet, set it down on the bed and begin to pack. When I've fitted all I can in and pulled on the zip to close it, I pick up the phone and call my boss. I share enough details to explain my position. "Can I take a couple of weeks off?" I ask. He's sympathetic, and after a brief discussion of the practicalities of what I was working on, he grants me the time. I scribble a note to B, include an apology I repeat at the end, filling the space in the middle with little more than telling her I'm taking some time out and not to worry. I'm pretty sure worrying about me is the last thing she'll be doing; wishing me dead, maybe… Grabbing my bag, I head for the door. I walk out, lock the door behind me and tuck the key beneath one of the plant pots, beside the spare we keep there. I glance at my Volvo, but then keeping to a resolve I've made, I walk right past it and keep going. I grab a coffee on my way through town, then when I reach the place where the buildings begin to thin out, I turn to face the traffic and stick my thumb out. The traffic all passes me by. Between cars and trucks I turn and walk a little further, until finally I'm beside the sign that welcomes people to our shitty rundown town. I wait there for what seems like forever, ignoring the idiots who sound their horns or flip the bird at me, feeling hopeful when someone slows, cursing under my breath when they speed up again. My head's down, but my thumb's still raised, when the rough sound of a loud engine slowing makes me look up. An old faded red Chevy pick-up is coming to a stop at the side of me. A rush of triumph flows through me, and I can't hide a smile as I run around to the passenger side and yank the door open. "Where are you heading?" The truck had me expecting some old guy to be sitting in the driver's seat, but instead I find myself looking at a woman around my age, with dark brown hair and friendly eyes. I shrug. "Anywhere." "Okay." I lift my bag up onto the seat, but she holds her hand out in a stop gesture before I can climb in. "Before you get in, you should know my father's the chief of police, so if you're a serial killer you might want to wait for another victim." Her face is so serious, I can't help but laugh. She smiles back. "What? I'm serious." "I'm not a serial killer," I tell her. She looks at me for a moment, then obviously satisfied, she nods. "Well get in then, Mr Not a Serial Killer." I climb in and hold out my hand to her. "There's no need to be so formal. You can call me Edward." She reaches for it, her hand small and soft in mine. "Pleased to meet you, Edward. I'm Isabella." "Isabella," I repeat, as we both pull our hands back. "That's pretty. It suits you." She smiles and looks away, her cheeks pink. "I'm sorry," I say, a little appalled at how easily the cheesy words had slipped from my lips, as I fasten my seat belt. "I didn't mean to embarrass you. Trust me, the last thing I'm looking for is romance." "It's fine, and for the record, me neither." I'm pretty sure she shudders as she says it, and I wonder for a moment if she's running too. She turns and looks at me, raising her eyebrows as she shifts the truck into gear. "Are you ready?" she asks. I frown as I wonder what she means, before she adds, "Destination Anywhere, right?" "Right." I smile as I catch on. "Yeah, I'm ready. Bring it on." The End A/N - so I know some of you will moan about the pairing - honestly, to keep you guessing it was necessary. Besides, it was right in the end ;) If you got this far, thanks for taking the time to read xx