out with the pack. He'd be back my early morning. He had said so before he left, right after dinner. I could imagine him running through the woods with his brothers now. I wandered into his room. Everything in there smelled like Quil. I could feel him so strongly he may as well have really been there. I went and perched on his windowsill, like I had done so many nights before, and gazed out the window towards the trees. Waiting for my werewolf to come home. January 26- Quil Prompt: 359. Wounds I slipped silently back into the house, wincing slightly. We'd gotten the bloodsucker we were after, but she'd managed to take a swipe at me before we could finish her off. The wound in my side was already healing quickly, but there was still blood all over. I stopped in the bathroom and cleaned my side with a towel. By the time I was done, the wound was just a dark pink scar. It would be gone altogether soon enough. Unsurprised, I found Claire in my room, slumped against the window pane. I sighed. "Come on, sweetheart," I whispered as I gently picked her up. "Let's get you in bed." She didn't wake as I carried her back to her room, but she burrowed closer to me as I held her. Some wounds, I'd found, took a lot longer to heal. January 27- Quil Prompt: 119. Dishes I kissed her shoulder. "You look like a little haus frau," I informed her as she dried one of the plates we'd used for dinner. After setting the plate down on the counter, she jabbed her elbow at me. "Don't get used to it." She turned her head so I could kiss her mouth this time. Claire grinned against me. "I fully plan on making you do all this later." I laughed. "I kind of like it." I fingered the strings on her apron. "It appeals to something in me." Claire rolled her eyes. "I'm sure. It's called your stomach." She turned back to the dishes in the sink. "You know what they say, the way to a man's heart…" "…Is through his chest." I fake frowned at her. "How did I end up with such a cynic?" She ducked her head, trying to hide her expression, but I still saw her smile. "Just got lucky, I guess." January 28- Claire Prompt: 191. Sink I was quickly coming to the conclusion that either Billy was lonely, or his house was just falling apart at the seams. I'm not quite sure which it was, because half the time when I passed the Blacks' place, I saw Charlie Swan's cruiser in the driveway, or else someone else would be coming in or out. And… well, even if the house was falling apart, there was no limit of people who could, and would, come fix something. I peered into the sink. "What have you been putting down here, anyway?" Billy shrugged. "Normal things, I guess." I shook my head. "You sure? I've never seen a sink so clogged. When was the last time anyone did anything to this?" Billy seemed to fall deep in thought. "Well… let's see…" He fell silent for a moment. When he started ticking off his fingers, I groaned. "I have my work cut out for me." January 29- Claire Prompt: 175. Big There's an old adage about how you can tell the size of a man's… well, you know… by looking at his hands and feet. For some reason, I was thinking about this as Quil and I laid on the couch, watching a movie on TV. I was laying against his chest, and his hand was resting over my stomach. Somewhere in the midst of the movie, I picked up his hand—which completely dwarfed my own—and started turning it over in my hand. He was huge. Everything about him was huge. I could nearly fit both my feet into one of his shoes. He was well over six-and-a-half feet tall. I felt like a child standing next to him. I wondered… "What are you smiling about?" I kissed his palm, then set it back down on my stomach, giving it a light pat. "Nothing." January 30- Claire Prompt: 308. Duct tape I considered the remains of Quil's shirt. "Well… it's not completely lost." Quil—who had already changed into some decent clothes when I found him—gave me an arch look. "Are you kidding? The thing's a goner, Claire." I ignored him. "Do we have any duct tape?" "Do we have any what? " "Duct tape." Quil shook his head. "That's not going to help anything." "Of course it is," I shot back. "Duct tape solves everything. Come on," I continued, turning to leave his room. "If we don't have any we'll have to go buy some." I heard Quil snort, but he followed behind me. "You really need to stop phasing with your clothes on," I chided him over my shoulder. "How am I supposed to go to college if we have to spend all our money on buying you new clothes?" "How are you supposed to go to college if you keep buying more duct tape to fix my clothes?" I rolled my eyes. "Nice try. Duct tape's much cheaper." January 31- Claire Prompt: 079. Letter Claire, I'm at Sam and Emily's. I'll be home long before dinner. Didn't want to wake you. Call if you need me. I love you, Quil I smiled as I read his note a second time, shaking my head. I used to think he was silly, writing me notes like this, when I'd always know—or think I knew—where he was. But there's something comforting about that sort of stability. A/N: Wow. This is twenty-one pages. Yikes. I kind of like writing the little moments. :) I am kind of annoyed that I keep finding good prompts to do, but I can't write them till later in the year. :( Darn continuity.