see twelve years ago, in the spot actually, I gave my heart to a little brown-eyed girl that begged me to push her on the merry-go-round so she could feel the wind, and I never really got it back," he declared. "Why now? You've had six years to move on. I was sure you hadn't looked back when I gave you your freedom. No more dead weight," she questioned using the same words that were spewed at her all those years ago. Words etched in her brain. Words that had changed her world in a matter of seconds. "Just didn't seem right, you know. I mean we had everything all planned out, and then in the matter of a few minutes you decided to change those plans without telling me why. I thought for a long time that I had missed something. Some sign or mistake I had made. Then your mom started spewing her evil and trying to put all the blame on you. I knew for a fact you hadn't slept with him. Mom didn't believe it, either. She misses you terrible, just so you know. Anyway, I was puzzled until one day another girl tried to convince me that I was better off without you. I was about to tell her to fuck off when she slipped up and said it had all been for nothing. When I asked her what she meant, she confessed to leading you to believe that I had been unfaithful and resented you for making me stay close to home for college instead of taking the scholarship to Northwestern," he explained. Bella was shocked by his speech. He knew why she had left and he was still here trying to convince her to give him a chance. She would have to tell him everything. She would have to tell him about their child. Before she could speak, he began again. "How could you believe her, baby? After all the times I told you I loved you. After all the plans we made, you just took her words as the truth? Didn't I tell you enough? Didn't I show you enough? You are everything I have and ever will want, Bella. How could you believe the lie so easily that the truth didn't matter?" he asked. "Because it never made sense. You shouldn't love me. I've never been good enough to be by your side. I shouldn't have allowed you to waste so much time on me. You deserve so much better," she answered truthfully. "Silly girl, you are the best part of me. I am nothing without you. If you still feel half of what I feel for you, then I'm sure we can make this work," he stated as if it obviously so. "Make what work? You're in Chicago, and I'm in Phoenix," Bella said, trying to make sense of what was happening. She wanted to pinch herself to see if she was dreaming, but didn't want to wake up if she was. "Dad is looking for a partner, and there is a third grade opening at the elementary school," he informed her with a smug smile. "After six years, you still love me?" she inquired truly stunned. "Every minute of every day. No one else has ever caught my attention. It's always been you, Bella," he said as he reached up to cup her jaw. The look in his eye was killing her. He meant every word he had said and she had been a fool. Bella burst into tears again. He wrapped her in his arms, and for the first time in six years, she felt like she could actually breathe. He rubbed her back and held her until the tears lessened. She looked up at him and saw that he too had been crying. She reached up and wiped the tears from his face. "I need to tell you something. If you don't want anything to do with me after I tell you, I will understand and there will be no hard feelings," she began. He motioned for her to continue. "When I got to Phoenix, I found out I was pregnant." She felt him stiffen, so she quickly continued, "I was about seven weeks, and I guess the stress of leaving you and missing you caused me to miscarry. I am so sorry I didn't tell you, but I thought you had already moved on, and I didn't want to be a burden anymore," she finished. They were both quiet for a while. He finally kissed her head and leaned back to see her face. His eyes were full of love, sadness, and forgiveness. "Baby, I am so sorry you went through that alone. I wish I had known. I would have come to you, but it's in the past and we can move forward," he spoke quietly. He stood and reached into his pocket. Bella breath caught in her throat as he pulled out a worn velvet box. He went to his knee and tears welled up in her eyes. She couldn't breathe, and felt like she was going to pass out. "Bella, twelve years ago, in the very spot, I gave you my heart. Six years ago, I had every intention of bringing you here to do this. Fate had other plans, and well, now that I have you here, I'm not letting you go again. Bella, will you do me the extraordinary honor of becoming my wife?" he proposed. With tears streaming down her face, Bella nodded her head unable to speak. Finally she found the words she had dreamed of saying for so long. "Yes, Edward, I'll marry you," she said with relief as his lips met hers. She said his name and it didn't take her breath away. Maybe, just maybe, things would be alright. She hadn't wanted to come home, but sometimes things happen for a reason and now she owed her brother big time. Once again he was her hero.