bedhead doesn't look good on anyone, unless you're Rosalie I guess. Her pale blonde hair tangled and in every which way almost conceals her face. "Can I borrow your Gucci boots with the buckle?" She asks through a heavy yawn. "If you know where they are of course." She adds after she had pushed aside some of her hair from her face took a look around my room. "Yeah, I haven't tossed my shoes around yet." I mumble, stepping over a pile of discarded shirts. "Where are you headed this morning?" Rose walks into my room and plops down on my bed, "Photo shoot downtown, at the park across from that bakery that Bella always goes to." I nod my head, "That's a beautiful park! The snow makes it look like winter wonderland." I hand her my beloved boots, and only briefly considered telling her to be careful with these babies. But Rose knew they were like my babies, she was there on my seventeenth birthday when my parents gave them to me. "Thanks." She says through another yawn, "I'll see you later." "Later." Bella Alice runs into the kitchen as she finishes tying the wrap of her dress. She mumbles under her breath as she packs her lunch and throws bread into the toaster. On rare occasion is Alice Brandon ever late or not prepared for the day. It was one of those rare occasions, and she was running around like a chicken with its head cut off. Of course I find these days to be amusing, but it also means something major is derailing her. I quietly sip on my tea as I watch her fly about the kitchen, cramming her breakfast into her mouth. Rosalie wanders into the kitchen, carefully stepping around Ali's flighty movements as she pulls out her breakfast shake thing from the fridge. I learned a long time ago not to make disgusting faces at Rose's food choices. I ate my blueberry muffin from Riley's Bakery happily as Rose sat down next to me with a magazine and her so called breakfast. "Bye!" Alice calls as she speeds her way out the door. I look over at Rose, her face concealing any emotion as she sips her breakfast and flips through Cosmo. "Do you think something is bothering Alice?" Rose looks up at me, pressing her lips together in thought. "Yeah," she says as she shrugs, "but I haven't a clue what. Maybe it was that date she was going on about over lunch yesterday." "Maybe." But it just didn't sound right. "Not convinced?" She asks, giving me a knowing smile. I sigh, "She just doesn't seem herself lately. And Al isn't the type of girl who gets all messy after a bad first date." "Have you seen her room?" Rose asks, her eyes attentive to some article. "No, why?" Rose looks up and smirks, "Just asking." She gets up from her seat, "Enjoy your Saturday." oooooooooooo "Evil..." I mutter as I shake off the snow from my coat and hair. I shoot a glare outside the window, silently yelling at myself for venturing out in the snow. I definitely could have worked on writing out lessons inside the apartment, but no apparently I've gone crazy. I find a cozy looking spot in the corner and settle in despite my angry thoughts about the weather and my sanity. "The usual chai tea latte." A familiar, deep southern voice says as a mug of tea is set in front of me. I look up and smile, "Good afternoon Jasper, thank you." Jasper, my newish friend. I started coming to this coffee shop in August, now here we are in December. It took about two months for him to learn what I usually ordered, but only a month after that to discern my mood when I come in and serve accordingly. He works here part time on the weekends, but is actually a teacher like me. He's been applying everywhere, but full time teaching jobs are hard to come by. Suddenly I remembered why I came out in the yucky snow. "Oh! I have news for you!" I said in an Alice like squeal. Jasper gave me a funny look and sat down across from me. He looked equally amused and interested in what I had to say, "Go on." I grinned excitedly at him, "The history teacher I work with just got fired. Apparently sleeping with students is illegal." I say sarcastically, pretending to look shocked. At first Jasper was looking at me like 'why on earth are you telling me this' but it slowly realization crept onto his face. "There is an opening for a history teacher?" "Mmhm. And it just so happens that I have a copy of your resume and I might have showed it to some important people." I shrugged, as I casually took a slip of my chai. Jasper looked incredulous, the most emotion I'd seen him express. "You're kidding!" He says, standing up, "Why Isabella Swan, you may be the best friend ever." I smirk, "Yeah, I am pretty great, huh?" Jasper's laugh fills the room, his excitement contagious. Suddenly he leans down toward me and pulls me into him. Whoa, is it totally creepy that my first thought was how amazing does he smell? Like cinnamon and coffee. Not any of the chemical spray you usually smell on a guy. But I think my next thought was worse: he is so much more built than he looks! I snapped out of my stupid and embarrassing thoughts as I hugged him back. "Thank you Bella! Even if this doesn't pan out, you're still amazing! Thank you!" He whispers, squeezing me little tighter before letting go. "You're welcome Jasper." I say a little breathlessly, I duck my head trying to hide the slight blush I feel. The door chimes, signaling a customer. "I'm going to get you a slice of pie!" He declares as he walks away to the counter.