if Nessie is typical. None of the ones we know about have had vamplets." She turned her puzzled frown on him. "So what else did the un-learned doctor have to say?" Jacob had twisted around while she was, essentially, thinking out loud, and just stared at her, a baffled expression on his face. Where else would her strange mind go? "Maybe the imprint is for breeding purposes. Carlisle said he thought the imprint broke because Nessie was past her fertile years." "And you didn't have any vuppies. You and Ness missed your chance. If the imprint was going to break, what was the point of it to begin with?" Leah's voice sounded sad. Jacob could only guess she was thinking about Sam again. All that heartache, and for what? Would the imprint break when Emily went through menopause or did Jacob's break because Nessie wasn't a full human? Maybe Leah thought he missed his chance to have kids of his own. He didn't see it that way. He felt like he had to say something, but he wasn't sure what. "That's not what it implies in the legends. 'Til death do them part and all, but maybe when Nessie turned more vamp … It sure beats the hell out of me." He raised one hand in a what are you gonna do gesture. "It gives me a chance to find my own woman—not have one chosen for me. Never heard of anyone imprinting twice." He turned to Leah and gave her arm a gentle shove. "Hey, here's a woman right here." For the first time, he grinned at her. "What do you say we go home, woman? Your vacation has lasted long enough." She pushed his hand away and scowled at him. "Yeah, you found me, but I'm not your woman. I could possibly imprint on somebody. And besides, I can't have kids—no period, no eggs, no babies, remember?" Exasperated, Jacob let out a little growl. "Leah! You've been alone in the wilderness too long. You're the one talking about repti-mammal vampires and other weird crap. Did it ever occur to you other things are … What I'm saying here is things are not what we thought they were or were led to believe." He blew out a breath. "While we're on the subject of uncomfortable topics—not that it's any of my business—have you even had sex since you phased into a wolf?" "You're right. It's none of your damn business!" She dropped her face into her hands. "No," she whispered, sounding defeated. "I haven't." "Arrrgh!" Jacob threw his hands up and glared at her bowed head. "Then how do you know you can't have kids? Other stuff is different, maybe that works different, too!" Without even seeing her face through her curtain of hair, he knew he had her. "Never thought of that during your sabbatical did ya?" "Maybe I'm out here because I don't want to go home." "You are so damn hard-headed! Ironically, it's actually one of the things I like about you." Jacob let out a long, breathy sigh, even though he felt victory within his grasp. "You gotta admit you miss it—the festivals, the bonfires … the rain. I'll bet you're dying to see all of Seth's kids. Some others have had kids, too." "Let me guess—Sam and Emily?" Was that a spark of hope he spied when she rolled her eyes? "Yeah, they had a couple—a girl and a boy. Emily said two's enough for her. Jared and Kim have a girl. Paul and Rachel had a boy. Everyone expected her to have twins, but she fooled 'em." A little smile played around the corners of Jacob's mouth. "We missed the Welcoming the Whales ceremony, but if we get started—" "Maybe we'll make it in time for the rummage sale?" She finally lifted her head and her light brown eyes held a mischievous twinkle. "Biggest rummage sale in the state needs to be held on the longest day of the year!" she said, deepening her voice to mock the elders who organized the event. She failed miserably at holding in her merriment. Relieved, Jacob tried to join in with the game. "I'm not real sure what day it is, but today has sure felt like the longest one of the year. Maybe we'll make it in time for the Canoe Journey in July. We should sign up—be a team." She dipped her head and looked up at him from the corner of her eye, a clear challenge shining there. "I don't know, Jake." She jumped up and brushed bits of leaves and pine needles off her make-shift dress. "Your dad was captain of his own fishing boat, but you always sucked at paddling." "Hey!" He complained as he stood next to her, arms spread wide. "I can do better … with a little coaching." He raised his eyebrows at her. "Shall we give it shot?" He offered his arm and, surprisingly, she took it. "Eh, we could try." She jerked up a shoulder noncommittally, patted his arm, and began walking nonchalantly into the forest. She looked at him over her shoulder. "As long as I'm captain. If you don't follow orders, you walk the plank, and I get a new first mate." "Uh, sure," he answered without thinking, a little dazed at her sudden change of mood. "That's aye, aye, captain ." "Wait. What? Canoes don't have a plank. And who said you were captain?" "Okay, then. First one to La Push wins," she said breaking into a sprint and phasing on the fly, ragged bits of fabric exploding in every direction, gleeful wolfy rumbling fading in her wake. "That's not fair, you're faster than …" Jacob stammered, watching the silvery fur rapidly disappear in the dense greenery. He shook his head in amusement. "For somebody who was dead set against it, she sure seems eager to get back." He took off, phased, and chased after her in the direction of home. . ~0~0~0~