nipple, another shock went through her body, and she groaned into his mouth. Her back arched up toward him hovering over her. She ached to feel all of him. His left hand slid under her back, and he gripped her neck. He licked her lips and peppered kisses over her chin and down her jaw. Another growl rumbled up through his chest. "You taste so good." His tongue left a broad wet trail from her collar bone to the corner of her jaw. Her hands went to his head, and she fisted handfuls of his silky hair. She had wanted to run her fingers through his golden hair for nearly a decade. She suddenly realized she was still wearing her pants and pulled her fingers away to reach her jeans. As if he'd read her mind, his right hand roamed down her body until he reached her ass. He rolled to the right, pulling her on top of him, and he ripped the denim from her and flung it away. He immediately put her on her back and his hand went to her sex. His large, calloused fingers slid between her hot, swollen lips and pressed his jaw to hers. He whispered roughly into her ear, "You feel warm to me. You are so wet, I can't wait to be inside you." She couldn't speak. His fingers were circling her clit, and she was matching his rhythm, her hips thrusting up against his hand. "Oh, pants off," she commanded. He lifted his hips away from her, and she shoved them down as far as she could reach. Then he was directly on top of her, pushing the head of his dick between her slick folds. "I can't wait. I want you. I wanna be inside you." She lifted her legs, sliding them up his thighs and over his hips until the head was at her aching entrance. She needed for him to be inside her finally. He wasn't moving fast enough. "Jasper, please. Please," she begged, her voice cracking. She tried to force him into her with her legs and her hands. "Please." He growled in her ear again and lifted his head to look at her. He licked over her lips and kissed her slowly as she squirmed beneath him. She clenched her teeth and growled angrily at him—she almost couldn't bear it. He was right there! Why was he teasing her? "Jasper! What are you doing? Fuck me!" "No more Demetri," he demanded, his voice deeper than it had been. "No! No more." She was getting desperate. She clutched at his broad back and tried again to pull him into her. "Jasper! Please!" She reached up and nipped at his bottom lip. "What are you doing?" "Foreplay?" he asked, a malicious smirk growing across his face. "Oh! You're a bastard !" She snarled at him. He shoved his cock into her depths. He flung his head back, his teeth snapped together, and his eyes squeezed shut. Another growl started low in his chest, but he didn't move. "Let me feel you." She couldn't believe how he filled her. She was ecstatic that he hadn't turned away from her. He was made for her, he was perfect, and she let go of the rigid hold she had on her emotions. All the love she'd held for him for eight years let go and poured over him. Love. Pure love flowed softly over him and into him. It filled him and lifted him, and his heart soared like it never had before, and he felt … alive . Then her lust and yearning crashed into him, stunning him again. He couldn't breathe; he couldn't think; he couldn't move. It began gradually, but a feeling of possessiveness overcame him and surged upward, and he knew he had to make her his. Only his. He began to thrust into her, making her grunt with each strong push. He dropped his lips to the curve of her neck and licked her again, spreading his venom over her flawless, unblemished skin. Bella had been blocking his emotions from her, but when she released her shield, his shifted and fluttered and caressed her. His possessiveness crept around her, binding her to him and urging her to clutch him to her even more fiercely. She gasped and groaned with each of his powerful thrusts, and her right hand was back in his hair, forcing his head to the left side of her neck where he licked and sucked at her skin. As his thrusts increased their speed, she felt his teeth graze over her shoulder and neck. He licked her again, snarled, and sharp teeth sliced into her flesh at the curve above her shoulder. The jolt and erotic sting of his venom entering her veins ignited her orgasm, and she screamed his name as her muscles clenched around his pounding dick. He held her with his teeth, as well as his hands, ensuring she could not escape him as he claimed and marked her. She was his. She would always be his, and the imprint of his teeth in her perfect skin would be a declaration of his ownership to everyone. The echoes of her orgasm fluctuated around him and at last, the muscles in his groin tightened, his balls pulled up against his body, and his venom emptied into her. He growled out his release, his teeth still gripping her, holding her; his hands forcing her body to his. With his final thrust, he yanked his teeth from her and roared, proclaiming his possession of her. He collapsed over her equally satisfied and limp body, his lips brushing over his venom-slicked mark. Bella blew out a gusty breath and shoved her nose into his hair. "You're mine now, Jasper." He drew his tongue slowly over the fresh bite, caring for his mate and sealing his venom inside her. He then nuzzled her neck and whispered, "And you're mine." . * the end * ..