my father has been constantly pushing me to court Esme Platt; a sweet, devout Christian woman who taught kindergarten to the local children. Esme looks at me like she idolizes the very ground I walk upon. There's not a single soul in this town that didn't know Esme was greatly attracted to me and already had our wedding planned out to the very last detail. Almost all of the residents of Forks agreed with Esme and thought we'd make the perfect loving couple, imagining us married with two-point-five kids, the white picket fence along with a golden retriever running in the yard. My father would happily remind me that he wasn't getting any younger and wanted grandchildren to bounce on his knee and to carry on our family name and traditions. He would do anything he could to get Esme and myself in the same room; the closer we were to each other the better. He'd even go so far as to hint he'd be thrilled to join Esme and I in holy matrimony. However, the old biddy gossip mill already assumed Bella and I were secretly having some sort of a tryst from the close relationship we have with one another. Add the fact that it was also considered to be scandalous with her being ten years younger then I was an added bonus in their eyes. Bella would joke with me that she liked being my beard and it worked out well for the both of us. A few years back I even considered for a little while if I should give in and try to live a heterosexual life. I even thought of how Peter was with Charlotte though that also brought me right back to reality when I knew at the end of the day behind a closed bedroom door Charlotte was really Charles and he had the anatomy to match. Plus after being a doctor for many years, I've seen more then my fair share of the female anatomy and I can say without a doubt it doesn't do anything for me sexually at all; my cock would remain flaccid and uninterested and I didn't like the idea of having to rely on Viagra just to get a hard-on to be with a woman. So it didn't take me long to come to the decision that even if I couldn't be true to who I was on the outside I would remain honest with myself on the inside. It's now been roughly ten years since my last relationship with anyone and I'm content as I could be in my situation. I love my job, have a few wonderful friends and mostly get along with my father. Even so, my semi-contented existence was turned upside down and twisted sideways the day he walked into my Emergency department. I was taken by surprise when my steps faltered at the mere sight of him; the guy was pure, unadulterated sin. I had no idea who he was or where he came from. All I knew for certain was he was talking to Carmen; the head of Hospital Administration. I couldn't take my eyes off of him, I was truly enraptured. He was devastatingly handsome with wavy honey-blond hair that hung just past his chiseled jaw. The warmest, soulful mocha eyes I'd ever seen and pale pink kissable lips. His tall, medium build frame looked toned and lithe, and he carried himself with an air of confidence and had the stance of a solider. He was wearing a black suit coat, white dress shirt with black jeans and dark cowboy boots. Just one look at him and I was instantly hard with a dozen different erotic fantasies suddenly flashing through my mind all starring the sinful man in front of me. I did my best to shake the absurd thoughts from my mind and willed my body to calm down. Just because I was utterly attracted to this gorgeous man didn't mean we shared the same sexual orientation and even if by some miracle we did I knew I couldn't act upon my feelings. I was soon broken from my amorous trance as Bella hurried past patting me on the back exclaiming we had a bus pulling up with a MVA with multiple injuries. I quickly glanced at him once more before turning on my heels and following her towards the ambulance bay. Bella greeted me shortly after I was out of surgery with a cup of coffee and was all too happy to enlighten me about my new infatuation; Doctor Jasper Whitlock, a Psychiatrist that just recently transferred here from Houston, Texas and was fresh out of the U.S. Army. She went on to tell me he was thirty-six, single and he'd be working the six-to-six day shift along with us and that he was hired to be the new head of our small Psychiatric department since our last head of psychiatry Doctor McKee left us for sunny California a few months ago. I went on to tease Bella about being a nosy gossip and she'd retorted by sticking her tongue out at me and saying there's nothing wrong with getting to know your new coworker. I could agree with that as several parts of me would also love to get to know him, up close and very personal, and it seemed work was about to get a whole lot more interesting. ~o0o~ A/N: I hope I didn't bore y'all with the lack of dialogue in this chapter; this is just how Carlisle wanted to start his story and he was persistent no matter how much I disagreed. The next chapter will make up for it when Carlisle meets Jasper. Thank you all for taking the time to read, I truly appreciate it and I hope y'all will stick around for the rest of Carlisle's story. This is being posted today in support of International Day Against Homophobia. The remainder of the chapters will be posted every Friday.