splattered across the pale face and body of Edward and the nearby browsing humans. The bullet had gone through the top of Bella Swan's shoulder and struck Edward's hand or arm, spinning him away from her before striking another. Edward halted several feet away and just stared at the scarlet coating his hand and dripping from his fingers. Victoria levered in the next round and chose her next victim. Dressed in a blaze orange vest, he was an employee of the store and one of the human males that Victoria had seen frequently in the company of her main target. When Victoria fired, the spiky-haired male spun and toppled over a kayak, smearing his deep red blood across the bright yellow. The other humans began screaming. Some grabbed others and dragged them away. Others fell to the ground, shrieking and covering their heads with their hands. A few threw their companions to the ground and dropped on top of them, shielding them with their own bodies. Most movement was away from the bleeding girl on the picnic table. The front doors of the store sprang open and slammed against the block walls, shattering the glass. A mustached man, dressed in a dark blue police uniform, sprinted through the opening. Victoria's pleased grin twisted into a smirk, and she squeezed the trigger for the third and final time. The police officer stumbled, crashing into a large white box with the word "ice" painted in blue across the front. The man grabbed his bleeding thigh and staggered away, leaving behind streaks and smears of dull red over the freezer. He continued toward the side of the building. The stampede of panicked humans split around him to avoid his lurching gait. None of them seemed to realize their police chief was injured and bleeding. The reaction of the vampires was fascinating to Riley and Victoria. The tiny female, Alice, started toward her wounded human and stopped with a jerk, her hands going to the sides of her head, and clutching her short black hair. Rosalie, the tall blonde female, covered her nose and mouth with her jacket and backed away, her eyes bugging out as she took in the carnage. The two males, Jasper and Emmett, leapt over the table—the blond landing just past the end of the table, and the huge, dark-haired one tackling Edward to the ground. Jasper stood with legs spread, his hand extended toward Emmett and Edward. He pulled something from his pocket and held it to his ear. Victoria thought it might have been a phone as he seemed to be speaking into it. His head slowly turned until he was looking up the side of the mountain where Victoria and Riley hid. "The little one with the short black hair looks like she's been hit with a stun gun. Do you think the blond male can see us?" Riley asked in a whisper. Victoria chuckled. "No. He turned back to his coven-mate's pet. He's probably calling his coven leader or 9-1-1 for assistance. Perhaps he didn't realize the Forks Police Chief was already there." She laughed out loud. "They are still surrounded by all the humans. The useless Seer is probably trying to figure out why she didn't see that her friend was going to be injured. Poor, poor Edward," Victoria said, with a little sympathetic mew and pouting lips. "The big one is working so hard to keep Edward from attacking the love of his life." Then she smiled and her face lit up with glee. "Oh, I hear a siren. It's time to go." Victoria was instantly on her feet. She ejected the last spent shell from the chamber and snatched it from the air with lightning fast reflexes. "Always retrieve your brass." She bent over and scooped up the other two. She kissed the brass casings and secured them in her pocket. "I've picked out a nice tree to hide this rifle in. Humans are stupid, but they might manage to find their way up here to look for evidence. But they'll be searching the ground for foot prints and shell casings. Come along." Victoria spun and jumped up into the trees, Riley following closely behind. "So, she's dead now, right?" Riley asked. "It's over?" "Oh, no. I didn't shoot to kill her or any of them, though any gunshot wound could be lethal to them—they're so fragile. I'm unsure about the girl behind Bella, although it was such a thrill to get two humans with that first shot! It must have ricocheted off Edward. Well, anyway … our dear Bella should survive, unless her beloved gets loose and drains her." Victoria bounded gracefully to the next tree. "In front of all those people." She laughed as she scaled the next tree one-handed and stopped near an elongated knothole. Bracing her feet on a wide branch, she broke the scope off the top of the gun and dropped it in. She upended the hunting rifle and began to feed it, barrel first, into the hole. When it hung up, she gave the butt a sharp smack and it disappeared within the heart of the fir. "I thought you wanted her dead. Why didn't you shoot to kill her?" Riley clung to the trunk below her. "I have more plans," she murmured. Peeking into the large knot, Victoria smiled again, dusted off her hands, and looked down at Riley. "I'm not sure she'll live, but it looks like the Cullens aren't going to attack. It was always a possibility. We'll hear soon whether she and her father survived." Riley's eyes grew wide in shock. "That cop was her father ?" "Oh, yes." Victoria reached for Riley's hand and drew him up to her side. "He was still moving, fighting desperately to reach his wounded daughter, so I don't think the bullet went through bone. It'll take months , but we'll wait for them both to heal, and then I'll shoot her again." . ~V~ .