of our clothes. It's been so long; I almost feel like a virgin again. This thought sobers me up a little, and my body tenses for a second. Demetri feels me stiffen and asks me if I'm sure I want to do this. We both know I'm drunk, and he doesn't want to take advantage of that. Most guys aren't that nice. They would just plow ahead, so to speak. I bite my bottom lip and nod. I am sure I want to do this. I'm just a little nervous. "It's just been a while, sorry." "It's okay. I can go slow if you need me to." Aww, he's sweet . "Yeah, maybe at first?" He kisses me again and brings one hand down to where I want him the most. He dips one finger in. "God, you're so wet for me already." I hear a breathy moan come from somewhere. Oh, that's me. He cups my breast with his free hand and swipes his thumb across its rosy peak. I'm writhing underneath him as his finger pumps in and out of me. As soon as he adds a second finger, I'm clenching and shuddering through my release. "Damn, baby, that was fast." He softly kisses my neck and then behind my ear. I shrug, because I've always been fairly quick to orgasm. Even with 'Douchebag,' I had multiples. And although I have nothing to compare him to yet, I'm still convinced it was more because I'm lucky in that department, not because he was that good. I guess I'll find out soon enough… I start to get impatient because he's still just kissing my neck. It feels good, but I'm ready to get this show on the road. He takes my earlobe between his teeth and bites down gently. Okay that's it. It's go time. I reach down and grab his cock, causing him to hiss again right by my ear. Still hot. Somewhere in my post-orgasmic haze, he's managed to get the condom open and on, so we've skipped some of the awkward fumbling. Definitely a good thing, since my impatience and drunkenness probably would have made me do something stupid otherwise. I line him up until I feel his tip at my entrance, and he waits for my nod before pushing into me slowly. I spread my legs a little wider as he pushes in, and once he's in fully, he just stops. I tilt my hips to encourage him to move. He buries his face in my neck as he pulls back just a little, pushes in, and stops again. "Mmmmm, you're so tight," he grits out. Yeah, that's because you're only the second guy to be in there, and the first one was nothing to write home about . I have enough sense to keep that one to myself. I just let out a throaty moan as I wrap my legs around him and feel him go a little deeper. After some encouragement from me, he starts to find a steady rhythm. It's been such a long time, and I'm so overwhelmed by all the sensations I'm feeling. My hips begin meeting his thrust for thrust, and my moans get louder and louder. This seems to spur Demetri into action. I feel him shift, and he's sitting up on his heels. Grasping my hips, he hoists my bottom half off the bed and starts pulling me to him as he thrusts, setting a punishing pace. Yeah, screw going slow. I reach over my head and grab onto the wrought iron bars of his headboard for some leverage, arching my back a little. This angle makes him hit all the right places inside me, and before long… "De-…Demetri, I…I'm going to…oh God…please let me…" He stills for a moment as my walls clench violently around him. My head is thrown back, eyes squeezed shut, and my entire body seizes up, before all but collapsing back down on the bed. He gives me no time to come down from my high, though, and starts pounding into me mercilessly. I'm not exactly complaining. What I am doing, is biting my lip to hold back my screams so that Alice won't think I'm being murdered. Although, judging by the sounds coming from the other side of the wall, she's enjoying herself too much to care. I quickly begin to feel my third orgasm building, and Demetri leans down and sucks one of my nipples into his mouth - hard. Yep, that'll do it. As I start to clench around him again, I feel him find his own release as a few profanities leave his mouth. He collapses on top of me with a little grunt. "Ahh, thank you," I breathe out. Vibrations skitter across my sensitive skin from his laughter. "No. Thank you ." A/N: Okay, now don't be too hard on Bella. She has needs, you know. :P And you wouldn't be mad at her if it was Edward she went home with, right? Right. ;) Although, I don't recommend going home with a stranger from a bar. It's not the safest thing to do, even with a buddy like Alice. Now, I know Demetri is no Edward, but just remember how hot he looked in Breaking Dawn. But with sweet blue eyes. :) If you can stick with me for one more, we'll meet our leading man in chapter 3. I'm not sure if this is necessary, but: I don't own The Princess Bride, and I have nothing against Arizona...mostly. Thanks so much for reading! A review would be much appreciated if you have the time. Story Rec: A Compendium of Thoughts by ItIsRaining - After Edward is struck with a serious illness, Bella offers to give him a ride to school every day. His musings on life are priceless and unique. Based in its entirety on a true story. - Complete (This story is relatively short and so beautiful. It's one of my all time faves!)