agree with him, though she didn't say so out loud. The man could be an ax murderer on the prowl for his next victim, but she couldn't resist asking, "What else?" "We like watchin' trains in the moonlight and have an appreciation for fine firearms." His tentative smile returned. Bella decided she liked the way his lips curved when he smiled. She also came to another decision. She'd been closer to death more times than she cared to think about, and she might be teetering on the edge again, but maybe the guy was a little lonely, too. Why else would he be out in the middle of nowhere, saying he liked trains? Maybe he sat and thought about the cities they might be going to, or the beautiful countryside they were traveling through. Maybe he wanted to be able to share the simple, unpretentious experience. Maybe he just wanted someone to share it with . Against her better judgement, she found him to be more than a little appealing. There was something about that country boy charm. Bella narrowed her eyes at his tall figure. "You're not an ax murderer are you?" "No, ma'am." His expression grew hopeful. "I can honestly say I never killed anyone with an ax." Why did she believe him? "Okay, then." Bella gave him a sharp nod. "We can train watch together. I think I hear one." "It'd be a whole lot easier to talk if I could come a little closer." As she sat up and resumed her position against the tree, and rested the pistol across her lap, Bella waved him over. He cautiously walked toward her and sat down on the ground a few feet away. Crossing his legs, he rested his hands on his knees. "So, uh, what's a nice girl like you doing in a place like this?" She couldn't help chuckling at the mischievous look on his face. "I've got a gun pointed at you and you're flirting with me? Using old pick-up lines?" "Well, I've had more than a few folks say I didn't have the sense God gave a goose." He leaned toward her. "I'm hopin' my manly good looks will work for me." As she laughed and shook her head at his audacity, he leaned closer. "And I know a pretty girl when I see one." He extended his hand. "The name's Peter, by the way." "Pretty confident, aren't you?" Not quite ready to give up the hold on her gun, she reached for his hand with her left. "And I'm Bella. Nice to meet you, Peter." She froze when she felt the familiar hard skin she would never forget. Time seemed to slow to a crawl even as her thoughts began racing when his cool fingers enveloped her hand. She looked down at their joined hands and back up to his eyes. Funny how no matter how bright the moon, she wasn't able to distinguish colors. She'd assumed his eyes were brown like hers. Were they a deep burgundy or were they black with thirst? She was sure he hadn't been lying about never killing anyone with an ax. He wouldn't need any weapons at all. He'd done a good job of convincing her he was afraid of being shot. The train they'd been waiting for finally came around the bend from the east. Bella glanced toward it wistfully; saddened that it would be the last one she ever saw. She could almost hear Charlie's voice in her head saying, "I told you so. You shouldn't be out in the dark like that alone." Only he'd been worried about wild animals like coyotes or bears. She let out a resigned breath. "You're a vampire." The engine passed directly in front of them, and Bella found herself disarmed and flat on her back, Peter hovering above her. She wondered if that was his real name, but what difference would it make? He held both of her hands down on her stomach with only one of his. Her legs were free, but she didn't bother trying to kick him to get away. She was only mildly concerned about where his hat had gone. There was no point in screaming—no one would hear her. It wouldn't make a difference if anyone did. She should have realized, with as good looking as he was, he'd have no problem finding company when he wanted it, and she had been sucked in again by supernatural beauty, even if he wasn't as pretty as the Cullens had been. It was only a matter of time and her time had run out. She'd always assumed Victoria would be the one to catch up with her, not some random cowboy vamp. Or one pretending to be a cowboy. The rigid tension left her and she deflated beneath him. "I can't fight you off. You may as well just go ahead and drain me. Get it over with." "I was thinkin' about it. You smell delicious." The flirtatious smile gone from his handsome face, he studied her with a calculating eye. "Then I saw that bite," he said, his voice low. Gradually, he released her hands and pushed the cuffed sleeve up her right forearm. "Made me curious. I figured you were a smart one, but only someone who's a fighter would have a scar like that and survive to tell the tale." His fingertip traced over the old silvery mark. "Or maybe you're just real damn lucky." "If I was so damn smart, how come I didn't realize you were a vampire?" Bella scoffed, her tone full of acid. "And lucky? Here I am, smelling all yummy and about to be eaten by a vampire. Again ." "I ain't gonna eat ya. You got a story I wanna hear and we got night trains that need lookin' at." His shining hair fell into his face when he tilted his head downward, and his grin grew wide. "I think I'll keep ya." . ~o~o~o~