the average human. Alice's human scent is what initially drew him to her. Though they smelled really good to him, they were not his Singers. Meyer also implies that a vampire's La Tua Cantante—"Singer"—could be a Mate. Well, could be a Mate if the human survived the encounter and became a vampire. Singers are rare. If a vampire happens across his Singer, he drains him or her because they are irresistible. For instance, Emmett ran across two women who were Singers to him. Meyer implies that Singers could be Mates by going on and on about Edward's attraction to Bella—his Singer. Unlike other vampires, Edward resisted the impulse to immediately drain her. Then he thought he was in love with her. He thought he was in love, so he was. In canon, after Bella becomes a vampire, they are Mates, not just mates—according to Meyer. Had Emmett not killed his Singers, they could have possibly been Mates. He would have been less inclined to dally with them because he already had Rosalie, and he didn't have quite the strength of will to resist sucking them dry. Had he been made into a vampire by someone besides Carlisle, Emmett could have found a Mate in one of his Singers, if he didn't immediately kill them. Had he somehow resisted killing the first one, he'd have found a Mate and most likely continued on to kill the second one. Unless, in the Carlisle-verse, Emmett came across his Singers, turned them, and could convince Rosalie not to kill them. But! Then there's jealousy. Edward spoke frequently of his jealousy when others made eyes at or had thoughts about Bella. I believe even Emmett and Jasper reacted with jealousy and possessiveness when their women were ogled. Or did Rosalie have bouts of jealousy? (I'm not reading all the books again right now to look it up.) Apparently, Esme was so sure of Carlisle's attachment to her, she wasn't jealous of all the folks fawning over him at the hospital. Jealousy implies insecurity. If there was really only one who could be the true Mate, there'd be no jealousy. Meyer's vamps feeling and displaying jealousy implies that it's possible that one's Mate or mate could be attracted to, and lured away by, another. All of that also makes me think that even though Edward and Bella were mates and possibly Mates, there was still the possibility that they each could have found others. They weren't the only one on earth for the other. Meyer, through Edward's bleatings, implies that Edward could never hurt Bella and never leave her because she's his Mate and he loves her too much. Bullshit. He hurt her all the damn time. How many times did she hurt him? Anybody remember the Jacob dude? Marriage. panlight said: "I can kind of get behind the more primal fanon mate stuff in regards to nomads and people-eating covens, but I don't buy it with the Cullens. I really don't see them as seeing the mate bond as some mystical magic thing—otherwise, why was Carlisle encouraging them all to get married?" Why would Carlisle do that? Because …Saint Carlisle. I'll refer you back to the saint comments made earlier. Also, the Cullens continuously tried to renounce and deny their vampire-ness. Fought against it. Strived mightily to be human. They lived among humans, went to school among them, worked with them, dressed like them, bought houses, cars, etc. Referred to themselves as a "family" instead of a "coven." They had IDs, false credentials and backgrounds in order to fit in with humans and be able to pass in human society. Cosplay for vamps, I guess. Nomad "normal" vampires don't need that shit. They spoke repeatedly about vampire instincts and emotions being so much stronger than what humans experienced, and they struggled to control themselves. Carlisle had said to Bella that just because they were dealt a certain hand, it didn't mean they couldn't try to rise above it. Part of the Cullen doctrine and dogma was because they drank animal blood they could form more loving, closer attachments than human-drinkers. They were more compassionate. Well, more compassionate to humans. Not to the thinking, feeling animals they were chasing down and slaughtering. But, wait … seems to me they found a bunch of covens who got along with each other just fine and had been together for years and years. Jasper and Alice were not married when they met up with the Cullens. Vampires in the Twilight-verse don't do that. They only got married after Carlisle talked them into it. Saint Carlisle obviously didn't approve of living in sin. To fit in with the Cullens, Jasper and Alice got "married" like the other Cullens, even though none of their weddings were "real." It was also a very human thing to do. In the human world, humans are married when they pay the fee and get that piece of paper. So, technically, the Cullen vamps could create those pieces of paper and their marriages would have been just as real as any human one. Again, it's implied that among vampires, once a Mate bond is established between the two parties, there is no stronger bond. A piece of paper that can be easily faked isn't required. The Cullens had to do it the human way. Perhaps convoluted and slightly twisted, even illogical, but that's why I think there is a difference between mates and Mates; why I think Singers are humans who could be Mates if they were turned into vampires instead of killed; and why I think there is potential for a vampire to have more than one Mate. Though Meyer worked really hard to convince us that her vampire couples were fated to meet, destined to be, and there was no other that could be their one true love. It's the plot holes, inconsistencies, discrepancies, and downright contradictions that make so much fanfic possible and so darn good! Nearly endless possibilities. Ya'll keep writin'. ..