… I made it." Jacob's trembling was increasing and spreading through his arms to creep across his chest and down his body. Sam was still trying to pull him toward the door, but he stood as if his feet were cemented to the floor. His quivering hands rose slowly to his head, and he gripped his hair with both fists. "No." Embry's stunned face broke into a beaming smile as he looked at Bella. "Yeah, I'd like some, but you're standing under the …" Bella blinked rapidly, shook her head, and looked up at the leafy decor. "Mistletoe?" "I gotta go. I gotta get out of here." Jacob scrubbed his hands over his face. "Sam, I'll relieve Paul. I … I'll …" Quil scowled at Jacob and Sam, and glared at Jared as he roughly brushed his brother's restraining hand from his arm. " Embry's supposed to relieve Paul. How come Jacob—" Jared slapped his hand over Quil's mouth. "Are you fuckin' stupid ? Shut the hell up." Embry took a slow, measured step toward Bella, and tentatively reached for her. His hands rose cautiously, and he tenderly cupped each side of her face. "Yeah. Mistletoe," he breathed, a pleading note sounding in his voice. "You're … you're under the mistletoe." "I am." Bella eyes dropped shyly as a deep blush rose over her cheeks, bringing a warm pink flush to her skin. She looked up at Embry and there was a sparkling brightness to her eyes that hadn't been there in such a long time. As if it were choreographed, she reached up toward Embry's joyful face as he stepped closer to her, and gently tipped her head up so his lips could press reverently against hers. At last, Sam was able to wrench Jacob away and propelled him toward the door. "Outside, Jacob. Go. We'll see ya later." Sam swung the door open and released Jacob's arm as he launched himself outside, over the porch, and into the yard. On four huge paws, Jacob landed heavily on the snow-dusted yard, and threw his head back. With a pain-filled howl, he bolted for the side of the house and raced for the cover of the trees. He ran, flying toward the closest border, his claws ripping through the slushy forest floor. He finally noticed his other phased brother in his head. Jacob! What the fuck? What happened? Is it the red-headed leech? No. No leech. I … I've got it, Paul. I'll run the lines. But, you howled. Oh. Embry? Swan? What. The. Fuck? I thought that bullshit wasn't supposed to happen to everybody! Jacob heard and felt every ounce of incredulity and astonishment in Paul's mental voice, and was beyond relieved when his pack-mate finally phased human so he couldn't hear him anymore. He tore over the snowy hills and leapt the slippery, fallen logs in his path. Before he even realized it, he was more than halfway around their territory, and all the while, the same thought kept pounding through his head. Embry imprinted on Bella. Jacob had hoped he would imprint on her, but when it hadn't happened, he had taken solace in the fact that the legends all spoke of how uncommon it was. Two of the wolves had found their mates through the ancient, mystical connection, but it was supposed to be rare! It wasn't supposed to happen! Three out of five isn't rare! Then another wolf's mind touched his own, and Jacob stumbled to a skidding, earth-gouging stop; all four legs splayed out rigidly to hold him up. His breath rushed from his gasping lungs as he collapsed to the ground, overwhelmed by the force of the new-found peace, fulfillment, and utter joy radiating from Embry's mind. Taking over his thoughts, he witnessed Bella's face through Embry's eyes, and he had never seen her look more beautiful. She shone, she sparkled. She … she glowed. Her deep, liquid brown eyes were filled with twinkling stars, and her hair was rich, chestnut satin flowing around her face and curling over her shoulders, sprinkled with shimmering, iridescent snowflakes. He watched, amazed, as her slender hands moved gracefully toward Embry's grey muzzle and softly stroked his sleek fur. He heard a deeply contented rumble begin in Embry's chest as he leaned into Bella's hand. Jacob's wolf sucked in a breath of the cold, moist air, as love and happiness expanded and overtook Embry's mind. He knew that Embry saw her as a gift, a treasure—an angel sent down to him from Heaven. It was as if every broken and scattered shard of Embry's life had fallen back into place—each damaged piece somehow made clean and new at her touch. It was Bella who had gathered all those shattered and jagged pieces in her little hands and shaped them, molded them—brushed away the dark shame and despondency, and she re-formed, re-sculpted, and rearranged every part of him into a wolf worthy of … … A man worthy of loving Bella Swan. Another voice intruded on Jacob's chaotic mind. It was barely noticeable at first, but it grew louder and more insistent as the disappointment and disillusionment spun and whirled through his head. Jacob, come home. Jared and Quil will patrol. The sound of his Alpha's abiding, steadfast voice caused him to rise from the cold, wet ground. He shook out his fur and turned in the direction of his house, his pace unsteady and reluctant. Jacob, I know it's a … shock. But it's Christmas. Be happy for him. But he phased into a wolf in front of her! I'm right here beside them. She asked him to. Be happy for them both. Jacob snorted bitterly, his breath rising in a steamy cloud. I am. Well, I will be. Sam, you know I only ever wanted Bella to be happy. I'd been wondering if Christmas would ever really show up, and I thought … Well, I guess it did. It found Embry and Bella. -:¦:-•:*'"*:•.-:¦:- -:¦:-•:*'"*:•.-:¦:- -:¦:-•:*'"*:•.-:¦:-