my hips may have had a little more sway to them than a few seconds before. As soon as I got into the kitchen, it became clear that there was no way the counters were big enough for the cooler, so I shifted the chairs out of the way and moved the table over against a wall, opening up more floor space. It wasn't as if we'd be using it at all. "Alright, set it down..." I trailed off as the guy bent at the waist and set it on the floor. My mouth went dry as I looked over his barely concealed and beyond impressive physique. The white wife beater that he was wearing was stretched taught against his back. I could see the muscles bunch and move, flowing beneath the white cotton. He looked at me, his eyes a curious shade of slate, almost black. He was gorgeous, all strong jaw and soft mouth, chiselled lines. But his eyes, his eyes ; I couldn't look away. He stood slowly, never once breaking eye contact with me, not ever for a split second. All there was in that moment was him. Never in my life, as short as it was, had I had such a visceral reaction to someone. I felt as though I could do nothing other than spread myself open on the table for him and beg him to take me. Then he licked his lips and my knees almost gave way. Not because he just wet his lips, which in its own way was hot as hell. But it was the way he did it. It was like he was tasting the air, like he was tasting me. The way his top lip lifted slightly, almost like a snarl, added to the intense look he was giving me right then. It was a wonder that I hadn't simply fallen to the floor. His chest was rising and falling so fast, panting, his muscles coiled to strike, his hands fisting and stretching, fisting and stretching. It looked like he was fighting something, like he wanted to leap across the room. "Bella!" I screamed and jumped about a mile into the air, whipping my head around to glare at a sheepish, but annoyed looking Tyler who was standing in the kitchen doorway. "What the fuck, Ty?" "Sorry, but that wasn't the first time I'd called your name. Or the third," he said, looking between me and the guy. "Aaaaaanyway, I was asking if you'd bring snacks back with you...but since I'm here." I stayed silent, keeping my attention on Tyler, not feeling confident enough to look back at the stranger. Ty was grabbing everything in sight, and flicked the oven on to pre-heat before rifling through the freezer and pulling out various different pizzas. I noticed the movement out of the corner of my eye, and just couldn't help it; I looked back at the stranger to find him staring at me. "For God's sake, Bella, stop eye fucking that guy and answer me, will you?" Tyler asked, somewhere between pissed and amused. Shaking my head, I dragged my hand through my hair. "Sorry, Ty. What did you ask?" Chuckling, he raised his eyebrows. "Would you mind sticking around in here for five minutes to put the pizzas in?" "Um, sure. You go ahead and sit down. I'm fine in here...with the pizzas." I was nodding far too much as I spoke, but I couldn't seem to stop. "Right...O...kay...then." Again, Tyler looked between us before slowly turning and walking out of the room muttering to himself. Another one of the guys I didn't know came in then, and the room suddenly felt way too crowded. I spun around, spying the used glasses on the table, I busied myself cleaning them up. "You okay, man?" I heard him say. I didn't hear the answer and I didn't desperately need to turn around to find it out, or see him again. No way, no how. Nuh huh. Nope. Not me. "You know what you have to do then, Bro." Well now, didn't that sound all kinds of ominous. I glanced over my shoulder, watching the man leave, and then back to my cooler guy. Then straight back to the glasses before I acted like some ridiculous staring moron again. Until, that is, I felt his hand on my wrist. "Stop," he murmured against my ear, my hair tickling my skin as his breath disturbed it. I froze, my breath catching before starting off at light speed. His fingers on my skin were indescribable, and when I felt his chest against my back, I breathed in an 'Oh God'. The heat that emanated from him infused my skin, brought out my own heat, blooming right at the juncture between my thighs. Wet, damp, and throbbing heat. He brushed my hair away from my neck, and put his mouth close to my ear. "We need to be somewhere private." Dragging in a deep breath, I answered, "I-I'm not going to just...go somewhere..." he calmly started kissing my neck, electricity held nothing on the energy running beneath my skin at his touch, "...private with you, I...don't even know your name." His grip tightened, one arm snaking around my waist and the other over my collarbone to cup my neck. It was aggressive, but non-threatening, and when he bit down on my neck my back arched as prickling heat shot down my spine. It wasn't hard, never broke the skin, but it was just hard enough to set my nerve endings on fire and leave me limp in his arms. "My name is Paul," I swear he growled, his large hands moving over my torso...kneading my breasts, slipping beneath the waist band of my jeans. And there was no way I would be stopping him. "Up...stairs," I gasped out. "Second door on the left." E/N: *sighs* Leave me some love...how else am I supposed to know whether to post the rest of this? ;D