"I am Mom, you know that." She said reproachfully. "I know, but I felt I had to say something." I admitted. "Ok." Billie replied. "Do I at least get to meet him?" I asked, since I was a little curious, I knew she'd done stuff with Zeke, not with Ritchie though, I wondered if she had a type, or if it was all random by feelings. "Why?" She asked, suspicious again. "I don't know, I just feel like I should. I am your mother, I should vet the guys you're screw… hanging with." I replied, not quite catching myself mid-sentence. "Well I guess it depends, when are we heading home?" "I don't know." I said, but didn't elaborate when I sensed someone coming down the stairs to the kitchen. It was a half vamp kid with red hair. His clothes had the recycled look of ones that had hung out all night on the floor. He'd had a very quick shower and it hadn't quite washed off Billie's scent. Billie tried not to look at him but I suddenly felt like teasing her. "Are you gonna introduce me to your friend?" I asked, and the kid looked shocked too. "Enhanced senses kid." I added, tapping my nose. "You got them too." "Mom, this is Drogo, Drogo, this is my mother, Essie." Billie said not hesitating now it was clear there was no hiding who he was. "You can call me Mrs Black." I said, crossing my arms. "Mom!" Billie snapped. "Fine, you can call me Essie." I said with a sigh. "So you're how old?" "Fourteen." He said promptly and he was telling the truth. "And you live here?" I asked. "I share a house with three other guys." He replied. "Ok. Well my breakfast's done and I'm off to eat it. Don't go wandering to far Bills, I don't know what's happening today." I warned her. "Ok Mom." Billie replied. I carried my plate of food back to my room where Tobias had cleaned it better than it was when we got here. I sat at the little table and he sat opposite me as I picked up a piece of bacon and chewed on it. "What happened?" He asked. "I went to call on Billie for breakfast and she had a guy there. She tried to hide it of course, but I knew he was there. Anyway I saw him down in the kitchen." I stated. "Is a he a scoundrel?" Tobias asked darkly, he might think I should stop babying Billie, but he didn't want some jerk screwing her over. "Not that I can tell, I just worry that the more half vamps she beds the more of a reputation she's gonna get and the more the half vamps might exploit that." I explained. "I see your worry there, but I doubt Billie will have sex with them if she feels uncomfortable. I suppose things are different these days, girls can be as promiscuous as boys without gaining too much of a reputation." He reasoned. "Yeah, I just hope she doesn't get hurt." I said with concern. "We must allow our children to make mistakes so that they may learn." Tobias observed. "I know, but it's a hard lesson to learn and a hard one to come back from." I stated. "We will be here for her in any eventuality." I nodded my head. "And look on the bright side, you have proven you are ready to accept that Billie is a woman now and were able to converse with her about something you would have outright ignored previously." He pointed out. "Well what's the point in pretending anymore? Especially if I'm gonna let her move out next year." I observed. "Have you informed Billie of your plans?" He asked. "Not yet. Thought I'd leave it till her birthday." I replied. "I suppose it can wait." "Yeah." We carried on discussing things until I finished my breakfast, then we went together to the kitchen to wash my plate. When we got back to our room Fred was waiting for us. "Jane wants to talk to you." He said. "Ok." We followed him to her office and she was sat behind her desk again. If Æthelflæd was in here I couldn't see her, not that I expected to, I'd only seen her through Ardal's eyes anyway. "I'd like to thank you for your help." Jane said with a smile. "I'm glad I've got to the bottom of this now and Ardal has promised to allow Mother to talk through him one more time when Alec is here. Just let me know when you want to go home and I'll arrange the flight." "Well I suppose one more day?" I asked Tobias. "Yes, perhaps we could return tomorrow." He replied. "Then I'll arrange your flight for midday?" Jane suggested. "Sounds good to me." I said. "We'll go let Billie know." Jane nodded and we were dismissed. Tobias and me walked down to Billie's room and I knocked on the door. Drogo was still here, but they were in the middle of a game of cards, they weren't up to anything. "We'll be leaving midday tomorrow." I told her. "So make sure you're ready." "Will do." She said with a salute. Tobias and me spent the rest of the day running in the woods, yeah we could do that at home, but the trees here were different. Plus there were other vamps out running; it made it more like an afternoon in the park than being out in the wilderness. It was a nice way to spend the day; followed by more indoor sports that night. I got to say that this visit to the Ranch was as good as any other and it did give us a little break from home. But I was still happy when we got back to Tregarran and we could get back to living our lives. Thank you for reading Please Review Gemma x