to the cushioned stool across from her. I poured my cup of tea and inhaled its herbal scent. It was one of the only foods both humans and vampires found pleasant. "Esme, you have no idea," I felt all of the tension and worry from my conversation with Carlisle dissipate, replaced again with the joy of thinking of Edward. It was like I was bipolar, the mood swings were crazy. "He's gorgeous! He's got this hair that I just want to touch and these eyes, Esme his eyes! They're green and expressive and I feel like I could just fall into them. He's smart, too, I know he is. But he's also observant, too observant for his own good. He noticed I didn't eat, and I think he's noticed a few other things he hasn't mentioned." I had to take an actual breath after my gushing aside. If Esme could have cried of joy, she would have. Her smile was so wide it stretched off of her face like a cartoon character. I had propped my head up on my hands, elbows resting on the counter, leaning towards Esme as I mooned over my mate. "What!" I whipped my head around. Rose had run through the house into the kitchen, pulling the back door off its hinges as she ran, nostrils flared and eyes black. She must've run home from school and allowed Emmett to drive her car home. I was so focused on Edward I blocked everything else out. I had planned on letting Rose know in a gentler way. "Rosalie, calm down," Esme sounded uncharacteristically stern, and Rose noticed the change in tone. "A human , Bella?" Rose sounded calmer, but more distraught. "It's not like it was something I can control," I apologised. Esme stood and moved in front of me, placing her hands on her hips like a scolding mother. "Even if you could have controlled it, I wouldn't want you to, Bella. You've been alone for far too long enough. And Rosalie Hale, you're being selfish." Rose shrinked back, completely unused to hearing anything but loving words coming from Esme's mouth. "And as such," Esme continued, "this Edward is now a member of this family, and we will be supportive. Now I do not want to hear a single word out of your mouth on this subject unless it is completely supportive of Bella and Edward." I tried to hold in my smile when Esme said our names together, but I just couldn't contain it. It sounded so right. Rose's expression softened when she saw my smile, her ice melting. She rushed past Esme and pulled me into a hug. Esme held both of us as we sobbed into each other, likely for different reasons. Here they went again, my emotions swinging rapidly. I heard the BMW pull into the garage, and Emmett lumbered into the house. He laughed when he saw us, breaking any remaining tension. "Woah, check this out. My three favourite ladies," he wiggled his eyebrows, and we broke out in giggles. Emmett always knew what to say, even if he didn't know what was going on. "No, really, what's going on?" His question just sent us further into laughter. Rose broke away and cocked her hip, dancing around Emmett. "Oh, why I do believe Ms. Bella has met a suitor," she said in a breathy southern accent. Emmett broke out in a toothy grin and looked at me for confirmation. I nodded for what felt like the umpteenth time that day, and he lifted me out of my seat and into the air, hands on my waist. I laughed, flying around like Frances Houseman in the arms of Patrick Swayze, arms outstretched, toes pointed, a smile on my face. Esme lifted Rose into a similar pose, laughing, their previous tension clearly forgotten. He set me down a flicked his wrist, "well, tell me everything, girl!" Rose slapped his shoulder, but we moved into the living room. I raved about Edward and the little I knew of him for as long as I could, until Rose stopped me. "I'm not trying to be negative," she shot a look at Esme, "but what happens next? Are you planning on changing him? It means we'll have to move, but Esme and I can take care of that, we'll look at places in Nunavut or Alaska right now if you'd like." I could tell rose was uncomfortable, one didn't have to be an empath to discern that. She didn't want to subject anyone to this life unnecessarily, she thought it a half life or punishment, no matter how much she loved Emmett or was happy with our family. "Honestly, it's up to him. I'll wait until graduation in two years," Emmett gasped, "but after that, it will be Edward's decision. If he wants me to change him, I'll change him. If he wants to stay human for a while longer, or for the rest of his life, I'll support him." Emmett rolled his eyes, but Rose nodded along supportively. I'm sure she would be on "Team Keep Edward Human". "Please. Like I would let him stay human. You've found him, now he's never gonna leave you," Emmett pressed his palm to his knuckle and pushed, so it would've cracked if it could. He almost looked like the menacing vampire he could be. "Emmett, please, don't. I'm going to be whatever he needs, and that means I'm going to be supportive." "But it's a two-way street. He needs to be what you need, and what you need is a mate to be with you for an eternity." Emmett was serious, deadly so. He didn't understand. He came into this life with his mate by his side. I had been alone for centuries. I would treasure the time I was given with Edward, no matter how short. With age, comes patience. And that was the first night I spent in my mate's room. Who makes you fly?