have to tell you people that I don't like to fi-" I spun toward the voice, and looked down at a guy in a wheel chair. He was looking at me with the same strange look that Bella had when this whole, weird situation first started. I blinked. OK, wheelchair…an Indian fella. Who was he again? Billy somebody. "Oh, hey there, Billy! Mr. Billy…" Something with a B. "Uh. Billy...Baxter! No, uh…Billy Benson! No, uh…Billy Bones! No, uh…" "BLACK, Charlie! Billy BLACK!" "Ah—BLACK! That was going to be my next guess!" I grinned at him. He looked at me strangely. "What's gotten in to you, man? Bella warned me you were acting strangely this morning.. What's wrong? You feeling ok?" I resisted the urge to laugh hysterically, and merely said, "Well, I'll tell ya, Billy…I'm not really feeling much like myself this morning. HAHA!" The laugh escaped my mouth before I could stop it, and I started giggling. Billy's eyes widened, and he rolled his chair back a little. "Are you drunk or something, Charlie?" He asked in a subdued tone of voice. I shook my head. "No, I never drink…alcohol." Billy rolled back another couple of feet. "What do you mean? We've been friends for years! You and I always have a few beers while we're fishing! And afterwards, too. And while we're watching a game on TV! " I blinked again. "Well, um…yeah. But I'm trying to cut back on all that booze, you know? Well, have fun fishing today!" I hurried from the store. Outside, parked next to the police car I was driving, sat a pickup truck with an Indian boy who looked to be around 15 or so in the passenger seat. "Hello, Chief Swan! Did you see my dad in there? He was looking for you." "Yeah, I saw him. I'm not feeling very well today, so I told him to go fishing without me. How are you, Johnny?" He looked at me strangely. Yeah, seems everyone around here was doing that. "It's Jacob, sir. Jacob Black." He kept looking at me. Well, I was close. I knew it started with J. Wait—this was the kid that was going to save Bella, and then get his heart broken by her. Hmmm. Maybe I could save him all the torture he was going to go through later. I leaned against the truck and said, "Hey kid..um, Jacob. Friendly bit of advice here—don't waste your time on Bella, ok? It just won't do any good. I'm sorry…I was rooting for you the whole time, even though I figured she'd end up with…uh, the other guy. I figured that out the moment they laid eyes on each other across the cafeteria." He was leaning away from me now. "Um…okay…whatever you say, Mr. Swan!" He probably wouldn't listen. In fact, he probably didn't even know what I was talking about. Oh well. I shook my head and turned away. I heard him breathe a sigh of relief, and call, "Feel better, Chief! Tell Bella I said hi! I'll see you later!" Yeah, you sure will, you poor deluded sap! Well, at least I'd tried. I got in the car, and after more aimless driving (because I couldn't really remember where the house was), I got back "home". Carlisle was gone, but Edward was still there, and started frowning at me as soon as I walked in the door. He put an arm protectively around Bella, and I fought down the urge to start giggling again. Another sap. Gah, I'm surrounded by saps! "Dad, what took you so long?" Bella asked. "And where's the coffee?" Uh-oh…I hadn't even realized I had forgotten the coffee until she said that. "Oh…well, they didn't have the kind I wanted." Well, it was basically true. After all, I never drank…alcohol or coffee. "Um, Dad," Bella began, glancing at Edward. I sat down across from them. "Yes?" "Um, I'm going out with Edward this afternoon to see his family. I'll be there for dinner, and then we're playing baseball." She flinched when she was done speaking. I stared at her, waiting for the rest of whatever she was going to say. When she didn't speak for several moments, I finally said, "Well, have fun!" Edward was still frowning at me, and I said, "Now just cut it out! Quit frowning at me! What's you deal, anyway?" The frown instantly vanished from his face. "Sorry Chief Swan. I didn't mean anything by it. I wasn't even aware that I was doing it!" He and Bella exchanged a look. I stood. "Well, off you go and enjoy yourselves, kids. I've got some things to do, so I'll see you later." I turned to leave—I did have some things to try and figure out-when something she'd said stopped me. Baseball…wasn't there something about a baseball game? Darn it, I wished I'd read those books more than once! Then I remembered. That was where the other vampires came and the Cullens had to try and hide Bella. I was about to turn around and blurt all this to them, when I hesitated. How would they take the news? Would they believe me and listen, or would they have Daddy Cullen call the Funny Farm? The way I had been acting the last hour or so, probably the second one. Besides, I figured I had better just let the book play out the way it was supposed to. I think I'd already changed it enough by just being here. "Well, I'll see you later tonight then. Have fun." I started to leave the room. In the door way, I turned. "Oh, and Edward?" He looked at me expectantly. "Yes, Chief Swan?" He asked. What could I say? I felt duty bound to tell him something by way of warning. But what? "Watch out for spectators. In my experience, the spectators at baseball games can be…really nasty. Especially when they come in threes." And with that, I left the room.