her with your threats, old man. Give us your blessing, instead of delaying the inevitable and frustrating us both." Mr Cullen says, "Enough boy, that's enough. We'll ask Miss Swan her opinion, and what she decides is final. Understood?" "Yes Sir, I understand." So we are to be married tonight, then. I see no need to delay. ~~ Kimberley Diamond ~~ Edward's bedroom is smaller than Mr Cullen's, and more cluttered. It has the lingering aura of a boy's bedroom, although the man who inhabits it left childhood behind some time ago. "It's in need of a woman's touch, I know. We can make a trip into town as soon as you like. I can buy you whatever you need." He sounds desperate to please me; it's sweet, and contrary to the manly display he has shown throughout the day. Or perhaps my experience of men is more limited than I thought. He stands very close to me at the foot of the narrow bed. His eyes are on my lips when he asks me what I need. I can't answer his question. What do I need? Instead of waiting for my reply, he leans his lovely head toward me. He grasps my lower lip between his teeth and bites me. I become a wild woman. My hands are first in his hair, then tearing at his shirt, pulling him against me, digging my fingernails like claws into his flesh. He grunts, and yanks my body hard against his. Fire spreads down my spine and floods my belly. I can't reach enough of him, so I stand on tiptoe and almost climb up his thighs until my legs are around his hips. He thrusts against my sex so hard it hurts, but instead of slowing me down, the pain inflames me further. I have turned into a banshee, moaning as my teeth find his neck. He thrusts again. And again. Nothing has ever felt so good. He grabs hold of my arms and tears them from his hair, not without a struggle. I find myself thrown onto the mattress, breathing heavily, bereft. He grasps my skirt, pulling the material this way and that. "How do I get this off you?" he growls. I flip over onto my front to show him the fastenings at my back. His huge hands slide roughly up my thighs, pushing the material away from me until I am bare from the waist down, as undergarments are a luxury I have long since foregone. I can feel his eyes burning into my backside. He rubs me there with one hand, while the other attempts to undo hooks and eyes until he is so frustrated, he uses both hands to rip the material away from me. The same hands quickly find their way back to my bottom. He thrusts my legs apart while I thrash in front of him, desperate to feel his hands on me there . Oh lord in heaven, yes, right there - he pushes two long fingers deep inside of me. I freeze - the intrusion is rough and painful and I have never wanted anything so badly. Words fall from his lips, but I can't hear what they are for the pounding of my own heart. He withdraws his fingers - I want to cry at their loss - but he lifts my hips instead. Because I am still face down, I momentarily imagine he is going to take me where Captain Black did, and disappointment stabs at my chest. I was mistaken. He opens me with gentle fingers, then pushes himself forcefully inside my sex. I scream. I have never felt anything like it. He fills me so completely, and it hurts, it hurts, it hurts so very beautifully. He moves. I want more. He moves faster. I ask for more. One hand grasps my hip and pulls me backwards and forwards against him. The other reaches around me and sends exploring fingers through my sex, until he finds a part of me that makes me scream even louder. I bury my head in the mattress, and cry his name into it. He shouts out, making a sound I have never heard before, low and animal-like, desperate and fulfilled simultaneously. I feel him grow inside of me, I feel his release, and it takes me over into a place I have never been before. White light surrounds me. I may be dead. We collapse together into the bed. Edward is kissing me, and biting me. He apologises between nips and kisses. I wish he wouldn't, because I floated into some kind of heaven and I want no regrets for his sending me there. "Hush, Edward. Let me enjoy you. Let me wallow in this delirium of pleasure." He laughs. "Pleasure? Truly? I behaved like a beast. I don't know what came over me. I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to hurt you." "Hush. Pain was inevitable. Hold me. Leave me be. I don't know what came over me either, but it was wonderful. I hope it happens again." I know I make no sense; I am almost incoherent. Edward pulls me tightly against him. I feel so warm and sore and secure. "Again, and again and again. You belong to me now. I can do what I like to you. I guarantee you there is not a man within a hundred miles who is not aware of that, after the noise you made." I suppose his words should frighten me or make me feel ashamed, but they don't. Edward Cullen has marked my soul. I do belong to him. Forever. ~~ Kimberley Diamond ~~ A/N : Thanks so much for those who voted in the Mine to Mark contest. To read other sexy entries, head over to the contest page on this site (Mine To Mark Contest) or their blog of the same name. Thanks also to the lovely contest organisers. Want more? Let me know. I have ideas. Twitter: Gingerandgreen