down the hardwood stairs with me. I grabbed one of Leah's muffins and pulled Seth of the couch where he had been sleeping. I undressed and phased. I ran, loving the wind in my, um well fur. I ran to the treaty line and headed north up to the Canada border, while Paul headed south and Seth stuck close to La Push. As I turned back and headed south I smelt that burning smell and I was positive it wasn't a Cullen. I howled and Paul was there within minutes and the pack wasn't far behind, but they did leave Seth, Collin and Brady to protect the town while we were out on this hunting adventure. The trail was fresh, less than 30 minutes old and it was heading towards the ocean. We ran after it and quickly caught up to the vampire, who was none other than that bitch Victoria. We quickly circled her in a clearing were there were no trees to jump to. Victoria actually looked panic. "Why would you protect Bella, it's just one human?" Victoria asked, obviously not knowing I'm a wolf. Sam howled and we closed the circle so we were only meters away from her. She tried to fight of Jarred, but her tore a arm off and she yelped. Slowly she was dissembled to there was a pile of limbs on the cold wet ground. Sam quickly phased, got dressed and pulled out his lighter he had in his pants for events like this. He burned the limbs and after a while all that was left of Victoria was a pile of ash. Satisfied that she was gone for good we ran back to La Push to celebrate. The bitch was dead, and now Charlie, The Pack and I was safe. And of course so was the rest of the Res. Chapter 20: Teen romance, how glorious! Bella P.O.V As I finished my patrol I couldn't help smiling. The evil vampire that has been haunting my dreams for a year is gone and is just ash in the wind. I knew the pack would have a bonfire to celebrate the tremendous victory tonight and frankly I could not wait. It felt like the weight was lifted off my shoulders and I no longer had to worry about my friends and family getting hurt, especially Leah, Sam, Charlie and my darling Paul. Now all I had to worry about was Edward and the Cullen gang lurking over the treaty line. As the time hit midday we were relived from patrol. I ran back from north of La Push to Sam and Leah's house and phased outside in the bushes, putting on my pink shorts and black singlet top, as well as my undies of course. I ran into the living room were all the pack, except for Jake and Quil who were on patrol, and sat on Pauls lap who was sitting on the single seater lounge. I smelt a delicious smell coming from the kitchen and only moments later a whole pile of choc chip cookies were brought out, curtsey of Leah (Her speciality is cookies, unlike Emily's muffins!) that were warm and gooey. I grab a handful for me and Paul and began digging in, ahh this is the life. Of course after our sugary feast Sam, predictable as ever, announced a bonfire will occur tonight at the one and only First Beach. After a break pack meeting about shit-all we all wandered off to do our own thing. I grabbed Paul by the wrist and pulled him towards the beach to do a spot of Cliff Diving. I stripped down to my most revealing bikini which 'conveniently' had on and climbed to the top of the cliff, Paul following close behind. I grabbed his hand and took a big jump off the cliff loving the adrenaline rush. We plummeted into the water hand in hand and swam our way back up. "I love you, babe," He muttered in my ear once we reached the surface. "I love you too," I whispered back igniting a fiery passion within me. With that he ducked under the waves and I felt him grab my legs and pull me under. As he came up for air I splashed him and started a water fight. After a while as the sun started setting we got out of the blue waves to head back to get ready for the celebration bonfire. I kissed Paul and ran from him back to Sam and Leah's and went straight upstairs to have a warm shower. After relaxing my muscles and washing my hair to stop it from going dry because of the salt water I got out changed into my newly acquired black skinny jeans and blue halter top. I went downstairs after deciding to go natural with no make-up I grabbed my new black leather jacket and black converse. On the couch I found Paul already showered, but still half naked, which I had to admit I loved. I grabbed him and headed back to the beach hand in hand as the sunset turning the fluffy clouds, as the sky was unusually clear today, the colour of cotton-candy. Chapter 21: Epilogue (10 years on) Since the big Victoria battle of 2010 a lot has happened in the sleepy town of La Push. Paul and I have two beautiful children, a boy and a girl, Jordan & Michael, and a defintaly living the American Dream, with a house right on First Beach, neighbouring Jacob's & his wife Vanessa's cottage. We got Married just over a year after Victoria was destroyed on the beach on a surprisingly sonny day. And had Michael 6 months later. After Michaels birth both Paul and I decided to stop phasing so we can grow up and live a normal life. Most of the pack has stopped phasing except for the twins Collin and Brady who just turned 23. All in all, life is great!