so bad, but I don't think I'd survive anything but a full yes. So, when ye'er ready, jus' lemme know to ask." With that he left. 10. I took a seat on the porch beside Emmett who was watching Rosalie and Edward ride in circles. I placed my head on his shoulder and he held it there with his head. "We are staying, aren't we?" he asked me "It's funny, because when I left I was so sure I was leaving this life behind and look at me. "Maybe it took leaving for me to understand life messes up even the best laid plans" Emmett said "when you asked me to come with you, I thought screw it, you only live once. Whether subconsciously or not I think love brought us here, this is where we are supposed to be" "You know what? I think you are right, we are exactly where we are meant to be. The only problem, how do we tell people back home?" I said "Exactly the way it is, I've found love and you are getting married" Emmett said as Rosalie's laughter rang through the air. "He didn't really ask you know?" I reminded him "He will and you'll say yes" he stated plainly. I smiled. To Emmett things were easy, simple and straightforward. 11. Emmett and Rosalie were going on another date. Edward and I went out for a ride. we rode to the south end of my father's property. I stopped for a while and I watched the beautiful sun begin to set. It was beautiful, like God himself painted me a perfect sunset. I smiled because it was just so amazing. Life was just so amazing. "Iz?" I heard Edward call me. I turned around to look at him. The rays of the setting sun making his skin glow like honey. I looked into his deep green eyes. "Are you okay?" he asked me. I pondered on that for a few seconds. He was right there, he had always been right here. Loving me and I have done nothing but act like a fool since I'd been back. I loved him, that was no question and for some reason after all I put him through he still loved me and wants to marry me. "Ask Me" I said to him. He looked confused for a few seconds then gave me a very wide grin He got down from his horse and helped me out of mine. I watched him with rapt interest and it seemed he was watching me with the same intensity. He put his hand in his pocket and seemed to be fighting with it. He looked so frustrated that I just had to laugh. He smiled at me and retrieved the velvet box in the same motion. "My heart has always belonged to you" He started. "Marry me?" "Yes" Epilogue –Jasper I heard the sound of her familiar laugh. I hadn't heard it in so long, it came as a shock. I watched as she was almost immediately surrounded with hugs from three huge guys, while one stood behind laughing as they choked the life out of her. Ready?" I heard the laughing one, Emmett I think say "Come on in guys" he said. I couldn't place the difference in his voice, I became focused on the people who walked in. A blonde woman and a red-haired male. I had seen him before, of course we've not actually met, but I recognized him. My hand went to the gold locket in my pocket. The locket that once rested beside Bella's heart, inside lies a picture of that red-haired fella and my dark-haired angel, cheek to cheek with matching toothless smiles. At first glance, it was adorable. Bella told me they were best friends when I asked, nothing else was said on the subject. But one day as I wanted to replace the picture with one of Bella and me, it was then I realized at the back of the picture lies an inscription 'Take care of my heart, I've left it with you' and since then each time I see that locket my heart broke as I pictured the memories behind it. With Bella, there was like this whole other world she wouldn't talk about. It was okay at first until it wasn't anymore. It occurred to me, he probably knew more about Bella than I ever will. I looked up at her, the way she held him close, a smile upon her face, with love that was never to be compared to what we once had. I looked back at the locket now seeing what I once suspected being shoved in my face. They have always been more than best friends, He was her first love, just like she was mine. I looked up again to catch Bella nuzzling into him, his arm went around her on instinct and she reached up intertwining their fingers, which was when I noticed the matching gold band each one with half of a heart. "It's really time to move on" I thought to myself. I had Alice and now I know Bella had someone. I took out a piece of paper and scribbled on it. I called a waiter over and asked him to return the necklace to its rightful owner as well as my note. I watched as it made its way to her. I watched as her brow furrowed in concentration as she read the note. I watched as her expression turned sad, then wistful. I watched as her eyes found me silently. I smiled, she smiled, no words needed except for the very ones the note carried 'William Thackeray once said "…to love and win is the best thing, to love and lose is the next best…" but I never realized until this moment, how bad it could hurt to lose something you never had –J' Hope you guys like this, I cant wait to read your reviews.