The three members of my family smiled at me as I sat down and leant into Tanya's embrace. Carmen reminded me of my mother, well as much as I could remember of her, Carmen and Eleazar were like my parents but 'cool' parents they did parent me but I could go to them with anything and they would help. Tanya may be my coven leader and family, but she was hot, so we 'knocked boots' every now and again, and other than that we snuggled a lot. What can I say I loved snuggling. My bad ass image was hanging in the balance with that little admission. "Well, my little angel. Seems Irina and Victoria have their mates in one another." I beamed for my newfound English beauty and then reality sunk back in. "Hold on, what about Laurent? Are they a triad? Hold on where are they?" The three in front of me motioned for me to sit down, and I did as instructed. "Irina and Victoria are downstairs with each other in the den. Laurent is dead. But Irina is focusing more on his death than Victoria so they both feel the connection but due to Laurent's death, Irina is focusing more on her humanity than the Vampirity so they both wont recognise anything until Irina gets over him. Her Vampire side is giving her a break and weakening itself for the time being. Meanwhile, Victoria is acting like a mate, but she wont feel the connection until Irina's Vampiric side reinvests itself. So the two are mates, they don't know it yet." Oh shit. Well that's a new one in the Vampire community I'm sure. After a while I realise I will have to stay away from V as well. My expression turns to one of disappointment. "What is it mi hija?" Carmen asked I gleamed as my smirk grew. "Well where am I supposed to get my kicks now mami? I only got Tanya here left!" I threw my arms up in fake exasperation. Carmen and Eleazar chuckled whilst Tanya looked at me and mock growled. "You mean to say I am not enough for you angel?" Her tone took a dark seductive tone, her succubus nature shining through. "Not at all my love, but will you ever be able to keep up with me my dear?" I teased and she looked shocked, but her eyes darkened to a shade that was undeniably lust. We ran off to test each other's endurances. Many hours later and many, many orgasms I caved. I buried myself into Tanya's side as we snuggled she wrapped her arms around me. "Well, we surely can't do that when our guests arrive now can we?" I smirked at Tanya and she playfully smacked my arm. "No, I guess not. But Bella I do have one thing to ask of you..." she trailed off and shuffled awkwardly next to me and we cuddled. I turned in her arms. "What is it? You know I would do anything for you Tan." She smiled at me and sighed happily. "When the Cullens arrive would you make yourself scarce for a while?" I was taken aback by her request. Tears filled my eyes. "You do not wish for me to meet your family?" My voice was full of sadness, I knew this and she hugged me tighter to her body. "It is not that little one. It is just, Edward's mate is still rather cautious about Victoria's presence here, I'm sure that the seer of the Cullen's has seen that Victoria is a part of our coven and Edward would of seen it in her thoughts. Things may well be very tense at first. I do not wish to introduce you to the Cullens until I am certain they are calm enough to listen. I do not wish them to harm you, Bella." I nodded I understood what they meant, Victoria had explained to me the distress she had caused Edward's mate whilst she was human with her ex, James. "Okay I'll do it, but I won't stay far so I will still listen in for your signal to allow me to join you all. What form do you want me to be in?" I had many forms I could be. My ability to morph into anybody and imitate their voice was uncanny. "Well I suggest no animals, you may be hunted. Perhaps your vampiric form? Rather than your natural form, that would definitely cause distress. Perhaps a vampire that no one would know and then we could slowly explain everything? I am sorry to put so much pressure on you at this time but I just want your safety to be guaranteed, you are an important part of this family now Bella, I won't lose you now." My heart swelled at Tanya's words. Ever since I had lost my parents the only people who had made me feel safe were all of those in the Denali coven, I just hoped the Cullen's would be the same. "Don't worry Tanya we will get through this, now let me sleep woman so I can run off before our guests get here." Tanya chuckled and pulled me in close, her chest vibrated as she purred and it sent me off to sleep, just to wait for the next few hours, till The Cullen's arrived. A/N: there's the first chapter. I now it's not the best but hey I'm no Shakespeare here okay? My other stories shall be updated soon-ish I know I have made quite a few changes here. There is no more instantaneous connection with Victoria and Irina but she just loved a man she loved her more humane side is overruling her Vampire side. Don't hate me for the edits but I feel like it needed to be done, just seen more fabulous reviews as I was re-writing this chapters I am loving the support you guys are giving me! Thank you... hehe loves ya readers!