you shown Mom?" Bile rises in his throat, and he storms from the room before he finds himself slumped on the verandah with his head in his hands. Perhaps this is the failsafe, if one of them manages to survive. The grief and rage and frustration simply drives them mad. When they are tried and found guilty, she holds her head high, her jaw set. But he can feel her terror, her fear , in every cell of her body as she curls her body around his, and he wraps his arms around her shoulders. "This isn't fair," she spits into the hall, into the loaded silence. "This isn't justice. There has been no crime." No one answers her because there is nothing to say. It's the truth. The time for justice is long gone. For so many years now, it has simply been about power. And for that, they are guilty. The second the sentence is laid down, he wonders when the world fell into hell without telling him. These are not powers anyone should be messing with, let alone as casually as the Kings of Volterra do. They will live as many lifetimes as it takes to teach them that it is not love. It is lust or mutiny, conspiracy and revolution, boredom or spite that have driven them to this, and Aro will teach them that lesson. Love is meaningless, and they will learn that. Of course, there is a loophole, one to make their suffering more pleasurable for Aro. "She is a beautiful, valuable creature,." He runs a finger down her cheek, the glare on her face enough to curdle milk. "If you could find another just like her, the terms of your sentence could be… renegotiated ." He has hated many people over his lifetimes, and for so long, Maria and her casual cruelty has topped that list. But now… now it is Aro. Aro, who taunts her with false hope. She has no memories and is 'utterly unique' in his eyes. There is no possible way they could find another with her gift of sight, with her aptitude and acceptance of being little more than a lapdog to the aging vampire, not in one hundred years. The runes burn as they are carved into his skin, but he does not flinch. She attempts to resist, hissing as the blade, which hums at a frequency that he can feel rather than hear, bites into her skin. "I am genuinely sorry it has come to this." Aro shakes his head, but he can still see a victorious smile lingering on his lips as two of his guards take their places behind them, ready to rip them apart. Her eyes are like stars as she stares up at him, memorizing his face, her arms wrapped around him so tightly. "I love you so much," he murmurs to her, his own arms locking around her. "I love you. I love you. Don't let go, promise me that you won't ever let go," she begs him, her chin quivering. "I promise, love. I promise. I'll find you in the next life." He writes. This time, he has lived to remember it all, and he will not waste this one tiny advantage she has managed to get for them. He writes so he will remember her, and he writes so he can save her. So that one day, one lifetime, they will be able to spread out their maps together and get themselves lost in the world. They know the trigger now, and there are infinite ways to bring on death throes and survive another day. No one else really recalls her as more than a high school crush of his, forgotten in the wake of college and adult life and growing up. No one special enough to remember. So he writes, and he prepares for his war. As golden light spills through the window, they are still tangled together in her bed, her head on his shoulder and her hand cradling his cheek. Her other hand is laced with his, resting on her hip, her leg flung across his waist and a smile playing at her lips. It is peace. "What do we do now?" she asks, opening her eyes and looking up at him. He tucks her hair behind one ear, trying to keep his gaze on her face as she shifts against him, still gloriously nude beside him, the faint pucker of teeth— his teeth—imprinted against her breast. Of all the things he has done and has witnessed, he never expected any more than raising his own army, claiming his swath of Texan land. Never has he thought he deserved anything quite as divine as she is. "Anything you want, darlin'," he murmurs, and her smile is bright and hopeful as she rolls on top of him, her hands clasped under her chin. "Let's go home," she says. "Home?" He raises an eyebrow. "Texas. Your home. You can show it to me, like you promised." She pokes him. He thinks of Texas and of Mexico. Of long days inside, waiting for the night to camouflage their reflective skin. Of nomads caught and enlisted or destroyed. Of the blood-soaked streets of Monterrey and of freedom from Maria's reign. "I think maybe we should look for a home together," he replies, running his fingers through her hair, her eyes fluttering closed in pleasure. "Somewhere for both of us." She cocks her head to the side. "Where would we go?" "Well, we'd have to travel around—see the world and return to the place we like the best," he says smoothly. Understanding dawns upon her face, and she nods. "Yes. Please," she murmurs, huddling against him, wrapping her arms around his neck. "Anywhere in the world?" "We can visit everywhere twice, if you would like," he says, kissing her forehead. "It's going to be perfect." She smiles brightly at him, sighing as his lips graze her cheek, her jaw. "Just perfect."