we need to sort out sleeping arrangements." Bella suddenly announces and I look at her confused. "We got here slightly late so we set up the stands and tents but not sorted the buses out or sleeping tents etc yet." Bella offers in explanation and smiles but I can see exhaustion in her features. "Why don't you come and stay at our hotel." I say hoping to keep Bella with me even if it's only for one night. "I don't know." Alice says as Jasper and Emmett nod in agreement. "Are you sure?" Bella asks looking at me. "As a heart attack." I say gently hoping she agrees to stay with me. "I'm happy if the hotel can accommodate all of us. We could all do with a good night's rest." I raise an eyebrow in question. "It's opening night tomorrow." She says as she grabs my hand and I grab Rosies. We walk out of the tent as a family together. I'll take whatever I can with Bella while she's here even if it's just one night. We walk to the buses and everyone dives into their bus with half the acrobats staying on site and the other half coming with the crew and cast. When we get back to the hotel we manage to arrange rooms for everyone fairly quickly. Bella and I walk up to our adjoining rooms bidding goodnight as if nothing is going on between us. The second the door closes I'm running to the partition door and ripping it open to find her on the other side. The second I see her I slam her into the wall next to the door and press my lips to hers as my hands go for her bum and start massaging it. Her legs wrap around my body and she moans before grinding against my hard cock. She pulls my hair and we break apart with me groaning. "If you destroy Alice's work she will murder us." She whispers near my lips. "Well Alice shouldn't dress my wife so seductively!" I bark before throwing my lips against hers. We break apart again and she pulls my t-shirt off. "You have too much clothing on." She pants and I pull her away from the wall and walk to her bed with her still in my arms. I drop her on the bed and start to undo her corset. As she works on my trousers when the corset finally comes away from her body I moan. "Shit baby I've been away too long." I moan as she takes me in her mouth. I wrap her hair around my hand and watch as she keeps taking me deeper and deeper into her mouth. The muscles in my stomach get tighter and tighter the faster she moves. I throw my head back before barking. "Bella … Baby ….. stop." I look down to her as she stops and my cock pops out of her mouth. "Not like this baby." I whisper as I kiss her passionately and lean over her as she reclines back into the bed. I grab her shorts in my hands and rip them off before burying my head into her breasts. I just get myself between her legs when I suck her nipple into my mouth and thrust my cock into her. She cries as she buries her hands into my hair chanting my name. I thrust in and out of her panting her name quietly. I lean up and look down at her writhing under me as she comes. "Look at me Bella." her eyes flash open and she looks deep into my eyes. I lift a hand up and brush it against her breast. "Jesus baby…. I've been away too long." I say thrusting harder. "I swear your breasts are bigger." I bury my head between them again and moan as I come in her. Bella's fingers grip my hair and she comes around me for a second time panting. I lay between Bella's breasts sucking in her scent for a few minutes till she stops panting and sighs. "Edward, I love you." "I love you too." I whisper and kiss the side of her breast before she sighs. Then says the words I never thought she would say. "I'm pregnant." She whispers. Instantly I lean up and look into her eyes. "Really?" I ask seeing the unshed tears fill her eyes as she nods her head. My eyes travel to her stomach where we are still joined. "Yes." She whispers gently as she pulls my head down and kisses me. Before I can help myself I'm moaning into her mouth. We break away panting. She whimpers as I slide out of her. I crawl down her body kissing a trail paying particular attention to her breast and the eternity tattoo on the inside of her wedding finger where a ring should be. Just after the service we both went and got the matching tattoos. We knew wearing rings would be a problem and this way we marked the union of our marriage in our own way. I go back to kissing her body till I get to her stomach. I lean down to kiss it. "Hello my baby." I whisper before kissing her and silently crying. I hear a sob and look up to see Bella crying. I instantly crawl up her and begin to kiss her tears away before wrapping her in my arms and making love to her again slowly while whispering my love to her and thanks for the child she's carrying. I spend the night barely sleeping between making love several times then when the morning comes I wake up to Bella curled in my arms. I decide it's time we came clean with the world. Starting with the Angels then everyone else. I won't hide us anymore. I press a hand to her stomach and lovingly cress it before kissing her forehead. A/N: I hope you all enjoyed this.