he nods his head and I feel the plug tapped as it vibrates in my ass. "Push that buzzing little vibrator out of my pussy and I'll let one of the boys here fill my Pussy with a cock." I moan as I start to use my muscles to clench and push the vibrator out. The minute it exits, I hear a thud and a deep growl before I feel my hips being grabbed and then my soaking core is filled in one swift thrust. I start moaning as the thrusts keep getting stronger and more erratic. I lose track of time as the coil tightness in my stomach desperate to get a release. "Please...Master...May your...kkkkkitten come?" I cry desperate for the order to come. I fight the ropes as my muscles tighten before I feel the cock in my core pulse and a groan as the owner comes. I whimper in frustration, I was so close. The second the cocks withdraws a new cock enters me, and the cock that was in me is now in my mouth while I suck it clean and it grows hard. I spend what feels like hours with cocks entering my pussy before they go into my mouth to be cleaned. Eventually I am untied from the table, my arms are rubbed down before being pulled behind my back and ropes wrapped around them, "Flex your wrists kitten." I flex my wrists at master's command, proving that my restraints are not too tight. I'm moved from the table to the other side of the room to a mattress, that I didn't even see, on the floor. As I am moved by two men with muscles, I watch as Master lies on the mattress grinning at me. He holds his hands out and I'm lowered on top of his cock where master starts gently rocking into me. I'm pushed forward and master starts pounding as the plug is removed from my ass. Within seconds of the plug exiting my ass, I am filled with a large muscular cock. I can't help but arch into it and moan before the two sets of hips start grinding and thrusting in me. I just make out grunting in the distance, I open my eyes and turn towards the noise to see a small black haired pixie being filled in the same holes whilst the blond with a strap-on pushes into her roughly and Jasper lays under her. They are fucking her so hard she's screaming around a spider gag in pain and pleasure before someone I do know walks forward and guides his cock into her mouth. Sam grunts as his cock enters her mouth. "Kitten." I pull my eyes away from her and look at master who has just pulled my freshly pierced nipples making me hiss in pain. "Focus on us kitten. We are your priority now, fuck yourself on our cocks," Master growls, and I realise that both men have stopped fucking me. I slowly start pulling off and then plunging back onto the cocks inside me. After a few minutes, master barks at me to thrust harder on to him. I virtually scream as I fill my holes with their cocks. I feel a hand wrap around my neck and pull my head up so I can't see master. "Good girl," I hear whispered in my ear by Emmett. Who I now work out is buried in my ass. "You can come when you're ready kitten," I hear master grunt under me. "But, if I were you I would hold off until Emmett has come in your ass." I feel master jerk in my pussy and then Master Emmett jerk into my ass and I let myself go as I cum hard. "Good girl, good kitten," I hear master whisper as he strokes my sides. I feel my wrists being untied. Emmett takes them one at a time and rubs them before he examines them for any damage. Once he's looked both of them over, he smiles before he leans up and places a kiss on my head. "Thank you Isabella," He says. "It's been a very entertaining night." I watch, lying still in master's arms even as his cock slides out of my pussy. As I watch, Emmett walks over to the pixie and Jasper. He grabs the blonde with the strap on in the pixies ass and stops her moving. Then he pulls a plug out of her ass and then thrusts his cock into her ass as he starts fucking her. Which in turns fucks the pixie. "So kitten, is this all you dreamed it would be." I turn to master and see him grinning at me as he gently kisses up my neck. "Yes and so much better." He rolls me over and then buries his hard cock back into my pussy and we make slow loving sex while we listen and watch the others fucking around the room. I never imagined when we talked about our dreams, that for Christmas he would give me one huge sexual fuck fest for a Christmas present. He stands up and picks me up before carrying me over to the door. "good night all," He shouts before he carries me upstairs to our bedroom and into the bathroom where I find a nice warm bath waiting for me. Master lowers me into the tub before he wanders off. I sink into it enjoying the relaxing sensations of the flowing water. I watch master re-enter the bathroom holding two glasses of wine. I take both glasses of wine and lean forward. I wait as he sinks into the water behind me. Then hold out his glass to him while taking a sip of mine. "Merry Christmas Bella," He whispers into my hair. "Merry Christmas Edward," I say as I lean into his neck and place a kiss there. A/N: Thank you for reading everyone. I hope you all enjoyed this little one shot.