marriage, then wham full house." I say trying to fight her argument with a grin. "I'll think about it." She says through clenched teeth before she places a kiss on my lips then sitting up. "Is the bath ready?" "Yes, my love" I sigh shaking my head in defeat. She gets up and drops her shirt on the floor. I gasp at the bruises on her back. There's a large boot print on the left side of her back. There maybe none on her chest but her back is riddled with them. "Is it really that bad?" she asks quietly looking over her shoulder at me. I look into her eyes. I want to lie to her but I feel like she doesn't want me to do that. "Edward, please don't lie to me." She pleads not looking at me as I sit in silence. "Turn around." I say figuring this is the best way to show her and pull out my phone. She turns and I take a photo of her back. I walk forward and wrap my arms around her and place the phone in her hand. "Oh." Is all she says before turning in my arms and running her hand through my hair. I look into her eyes and kiss her passionately. She jumps up wrapping her legs around my waist grinding her core into my body. I place my hands on her Legging covered ass. "Love, you have too much clothing on." She starts pulling at my t-shirt. "Bath." I whisper before capturing her lips again. I start walking us into the bathroom as she grinds onto my hardening cock. When we get near the bathtub I tap her bum and she drops her legs. The second her feet touch the floor, we start ripping each other's clothes off between kisses. We break up enough for me to help her into the bath. I watch her closely as she slowly slips into the tub and she hisses as the water surrounds her. I get in behind her and pull her to me. I'm not going to have sex with her till we talk, even though I'm hard as stone and desperate. "Baby, we need to talk." I whisper into her ear as she lays on my chest. "I don't want to." She grumbles and leans forward and I pull her back. "Isabella, we are going to talk now." I state firmly, "this is not a debate we need to talk." "I've already told you we are not getting married." She snaps at me as she starts to turn around. "I want to talk about this one." I say pulling her back to my chest and spreading my hand over her stomach. "Oh." She turns a beautiful shade of red and I press a kiss to her collar bone. "How long?" I ask not sure which question of the hundreds floating around in my head I should ask first. "How long what? How long till she arrives or how long have I known?" she asks quietly against my neck before kissing my jaw. "Both," I mumble picking up the soap and washcloth to start rubbing the cloth over her body. "I've only had it confirmed today but she is due in six months." "How long have you suspected?" "The last two weeks." I sigh into the water as I realize the last two weeks of worry have been about baby telling her mommy she's there. "So, no stomach flu." "No, just morning sickness," she smiles as her hand goes down to her stomach and she turns her head to my neck. "Are you really okay about this?" I can't help but to put my hand over hers. "The baby? Yes. Your refusal to marry me? No." I state firmly. "Why is me marrying you so important?" She asks before yawning and melting deeper into my body. "Because, as far as your safety and the baby's is concerned, you are a target for every other mafia family now." "They don't know about me." She states matter of factly. "They do and if they don't they will soon. Our son will make himself known soon and he is the next heir to the Cullen family." I turn her chin to me, "Baby, I am not letting you go anywhere without protection either." She turns in my lap and pushes my legs together. "Edward, I am not going to marry you because I am pregnant." "Baby, please" I plead. I'll even get on my hands and knees and grovel if I have too. "My name is what will protect you the most." I stare deep into her eyes trying to find the small spark of reason, hoping she can see how desperate I am to protect her. I have to protect her, I know I can't live without her in my life. "Edward, I will not marry you because of the baby." She kisses me and slowly runs her hands down my body till one is grasping my cock and the other is pulling on my nipple ring. I gasp in pleasure at the sparks running through my body just from these little touches. "I will marry you when it's because of love, not the life I'm carrying." She whispered seductively between kissing me deeply; muffling my moans as she sinks on top of me. "Bella . . . . . . I want to marry you . . . . . because I love you." I whisper around her lips as she grinds on me slowly. "Prove it." Is the last thing either of us says before we engulf ourselves in each other. A sensible person picks the right time for his battles and now is not the time for this one. Authors notes: Not many changes at this point but a lot more changes in the other chapters. I hope it is worth the wait by the looks of it I also now have a proper Beta too.