Stop, don't shoot!" he begged. The crying girl tossed her toys into the river. "We will be arriving in Miami shortly," a bored voice said over the speaker. "Please remain seated until the plane has stopped." Andy let go in shock as I yelled. I don't even remember what I said, I could hardly hear my own voice— "What would you like for breakfast, honey?" "Gee, this one's gonna be a mess to clean up," the cop said. The girl looked at the empty pill bottle with dull eyes... Suddenly everything was too much for my senses. Horrible sounds that combined with the voices, flashes of images that passed too quickly for me to identify. Creepy-crawly, slimy things covered me all over— "Well, I guess...one hit wouldn't hurt." "See? Feels good, doesn't it? "Alright, if you turn left on Rodney Street, you can follow it all the way to the freeway." Don't go. "Shit! Turn away, turn away — !" "Stop!" I screamed. "Stop! Leave me alone! " All the students nearby backed away, staring at me in shock, but I didn't care. The man slapped her. "You think you can lie to me?" he shouted. He was drunk. "I know where you've been!" Then he turned to look at me. "Don't think I won't come for you next, Bella." "No, we'll definitely find you," they said. I fell down on the floor crying, covered my head, and started rocking back and forth. "Why?" I whispered. "Why? Why won't they leave me alone?" " You'd better run," the horrible voice said. "I can't run," I sobbed. "We're right here, all the time. We won't leave. You can't make us leave". It was like all the terrible people I'd seen were speaking in unison. Whispering, torturing me. I could see their faces. Through the crack between my fingers I saw the face of one of the murderers I'd seen. He was breathing heavily in anticipation. "Oh my god, call the police," he said, with a twisted smile on his face. "Or an ambulance, I don't know what this is." "No!" I shrieked as he got closer. "Get away, get away!" The murmurs surrounding me got louder and louder. "Don't worry, baby, I won't hurt you." I smelled the stench of his breath all around me. "Please keep your arms and legs within the cart at all times." I saw them get closer and closer to me, and there was nothing I could do. They held me down and I twisted, twisted and struggled to break free. Then everything faded away. — — — The next thing I knew, I was in a white, sterile-looking room. "Oh my god, Bella, you're awake," I heard Renee say to my right. I tried to lift my head, but I was too weak. She came up next to me. "Shh, shh, don't try to move, just relax." She smiled as she caressed my face, but there were tears in her eyes. "Wha...what happened?" I asked groggily. "You killed Annie," the voice said. "Why did you kill your best friend?" "Annie?" my voice rose in fear. "Annie's dead?" Renee had been about to speak, but she closed her mouth to contain a sob. After a few seconds, she asked, "Bella, who's Annie?" That stumped me. "Um...my best friend...?" That didn't make sense. Who was Annie? "Wait, I don't..." "Bella, you had a...a psychotic episode." Her voice broke, and she took a deep breath to steady herself. "The doctors don't know why yet. They...they did a drug panel, but I know you're not on anything..." Her voice faded as if she wasn't so sure. I shook my head, and she relaxed slightly. "You broke down yesterday during lunch. Everyone says you started screaming for someone to let you go, and you attacked anyone who tried to calm you down." She hesitated. "Bella, this isn't the first time something like this has happened, is it? I remember something strange happened during dinner a few weeks ago..." I struggled to focus on her. "No...but it was never like this. Never..." I looked at the heart monitor, and the IV. "I can't believe they took me to the hospital..." I said quietly. "They're not...they're not trying to take me away?" "Take you away? No, Bella, everything's going to be alright. They'll find out what's wrong and you'll get better, you'll see." She seemed to be trying to convince herself as well. Fear coursed through me. Should I believe her? "There are so many people, though. Why are there so many people looking at me?" I tried to ignore the audience whispering around us. Why was I in an auditorium? "Bella..." Renee looked like she could cry at any moment. "There's no one else here." I woke up to the intercom announcing our arrival at Port Angeles. I guess this is it , I thought, sighing. Forks. Here goes nothing. A/N: Alright. Okay. So. For those of you following my Portal story, I'm so, so, so sorry. I've had the chapter in the works for a long time, but I just haven't found time to work on it. I hit a mental block, and just a huge amount of other things have piled up against it. If anyone's interested in the full story, message me. I might update my profile too, with more information. I wanted to get it out on the 30th of November, to mark the year since the last update, but with finals coming up and everything, I just couldn't. So I started this new story to try to motivate myself. It took about three days, so not too long, relatively speaking. School is kicking into overdrive, though, so I don't think there will be any updates until mid-December, at the earliest. This is my first time writing in first-person, and I debated heavily whether or not to do it, because, well...it sounds off to me. Anyway, please, please review! Tell me what you think. It'll motivate me!