fall. I keep panting and breathing while I wait for the contraction to end. "Hi, Dad." I look terrified at Edward as I didn't realize he had called Carlisle. He smiled at me before kissing my knee in reassurance. "I need some help. Can you get to the house…? Bella's water broke and her cervix is 9cm... Thanks, dad." He smiles again and kisses my knee before looking at me. "I'm sorry love and as much as I love my birthday present your giving me. I need help with looking after both of you." He looks at me begging me to give him this one little thing. I cave as I can tell He's worried. "Edward, if your dad or Aro go between my legs, you're dead," I scream as another contraction hits me. "Love, Dad's going to look after supporting you. I want to focus on getting little bean here safely, okay?" I nod and hiss through another contraction. Several contractions later I hear a shout echo through the house, "Edward!" "In here!" he shouts to his dad as I scream. I hear a knock on the door before it opens and closes and I see Carlisle. "Can you help coach, Bella?" Edward asks. "She's ready to push." "Of course, son." Carlisle walks over and grabs my hand. "Hi, sweetheart, where do you want me?" I look up at him. "Can you sit behind me, please?" I cry through another contraction as I lean forward. When Carlisle gets behind me, I feel more comfortable. "Bella, look at me." I look at Edward and try to smile as he looks at me. "I want you to push when the next contraction starts. Okay?" I nod my head before screaming through the contraction. Carlisle counts in my ear and coaches me through it. "That's it, love, you're doing great... I can see bean's head. Bella, she has your hair." "It could be a he, Edwardddd." I push down again then stop as the contraction ends. "Oh god, I want this over with," I cry as I fall back into Carlisle. "It'll be over soon, love, then you can hold bean for the first time." I push a few more times 'til I register the door open again, and presume it's Esme checking on us. "Love, you need to stop pushing." "But I need to," I cry, frustrated because the need is so great. "Bella, her umbilical cord is wrapped around her neck. I need to unloop it before she comes the rest of the way. Just take a breather, okay?" I nod my head and fight the panic and the need to push as Edward pulls the cord from around bean's neck. "Okay, love, one last big push and bean will be here." I hold Carlisle's hands and bear down, till the best sound in the world fills the air. Our bean's little cry. "Well done, Bella," Carlisle says as I fall backwards into him, panting in relief that it's over. "Here you are, Bella. Say hello to your little bean," I hear from Aro and look over to notice him for the first time with bean in his arms. I hold my hands out and he walks forward and places bean in my arms, wrapped in a warm towel. I look up at Aro and smile while I hug bean. "Is bean a girl or a boy?" I ask, looking at Edward. We had decided from the start to not find out the gender because we thought it would be a nice surprise. "You tell me, love," he says, peaking up at me before kissing my knee. I can see the tears falling down his cheeks as he looks at us. I open the towel and look between bean's legs. "Hi, daddy's little princess," I say loud enough for everyone to hear as I kiss her head and start counting her fingers and toes. "I love you," Edward says to me and kisses my knee again. I feel another contraction and panic. "Edward, I need to push again" "That's okay, love, you push. It's just the after birth." I let my body do its thing and soon the after birth is out. "Bella, you need some stitches. Shall I do it here or wait till we get to the hospital? If you want to go to the hospital?" "Please," I say, smiling as I hold our little girl, feeling like the world's luckiest woman. I feel some tugging, but don't really pay it no attention as I hear the slight sniffle from between my legs. I look down at my little girl in my arms then every face in the room. We're all in tears now. We are disturbed by a knocking on the door before Esme pops her head in, "Do you need anything?" "Yes, a few minutes with my husband, please, and then you can come and meet your granddaughter," I say, looking over at her. "A granddaughter," Esme whispers as she starts to cry, which starts Carlisle off again only harder before they leave the room followed by Aro. Edward gets up and comes to sit behind me and he wraps his hands around me and our little bean. I loll my head back onto his shoulder and sigh as I finally relax. Bean nuzzles around and I undo my top before placing her on my breast and she starts suckling. "Thank you," he says as I hear sniffling from behind me. "It's nothing," I say as he pulls me and bean closer to him before He looks down at her and strokes beans face. "That's one of the most fantastic experiences I've ever had. I've seen some births in my intern years, but never my own child's." I feel him kiss me before he starts humming something. We're a family of three now. I smile as I look down at bean and relax into Edwards arms. Before leaning into his neck and breathing his scent in.