up to me. "Bella, I'm going to check your cervix okay hunny?" I nod as I lean into Edward's body. After a few minutes of silence I feel some fabric cover my legs, while I pant through another contraction. "Bella, we have a water pool ready in the next room do you want to get in the pool?" "Please." I whimper "Esme, I don't….." Mr Masini starts snarling. "Dad, I am helping my patient and what sounds like my sister bring our next family heir into the world." I hear and feel the air being sucked out of the room from several areas before she snarls. "Back off." "Carlisle, can you bring me that dressing gown and help me get Bella into the hot tub in the other room." She says calmly I slide my legs off the bed and sit still as I pant through the next contraction. "Don't even think about it Edward." Esme snaps as she holds my arm. "That's my wife." He snaps back. "And you are injured." I growl through a contraction. "Beauty." He painfully pleads as I gently pull him to the front of me. "You need to let Esme help and call the shots." I watch the tears in his eyes fall. "I need you to rest cause once Badger gets here both of us are going to be nearly useless." I hear him snort before he pulls me to him. "Tell me what you want baby and I'll do it." He whispers as he kisses me. "I love you." "I love you too." I whisper as I kiss his lips . "Now please get all these men out of the room!" I snap as another contraction takes over and I see the seven men in the corner of the room. I feel the blanket pulled further up my legs and hear Edward snap "GET. OUT. NOW." Before I hear rustling footsteps. "Okay Bella, let's get moving when you're ready." Esme says once the rooms clear. Grabbing the hem of my vest and strip to my bra. I then throw the dressing gown on and grab Esme on one side. While Carlisle grabs the other. "Edward?" Mr Masini questions. "Edward," I say before stopping and breathing out. "If you want to come and be with me then do but be warned you do anything stupid; I'll shoot you with some really strong fucking druggggsssssss." I scream the last word louder as I feel the contraction hit. "I think we need to move quickly." Esme says as we start moving to the next room. "Edward, Do not walk get in a chair." Esme snaps from my side. "No wayyy…." He huffs back. "EDward, do as you're fucking told." I screech with the next contraction peaking. I hear several people snicker and then we keep walking. Once we get near the hot tub I smile before climbing in and slowly sink my body in the water; sigh as the weight is off my back and my body has some support. "Okay baby?" I look up and smile at Edward who is in a wheel chair sat along side the pool "Better?" he whispers before I sigh in relief and smile. I feel a new type of pain and grab hold of Edwards hands as I pant through the contraction. "Esme, I need to bare down." "One minute Bella, let me get ready then in the pool with you." I look up into Edward's eyes as he smiles back at me. I hear a splash and then turn slightly to see Esme in the water behind me. "Okay Bella on the next contraction." She replies gently. I press my head onto Edward's arms and push while Edward counts to 10 I then breathe and relax before doing it again. I feel like I've pushed forever and nothing's happening before I collapse on Edward's arms crying. "I can't do this!" "Bella, look at me." Edward whispers as I pant on the side of the hot tub. I slowly look up and see his eyes looking into my before he strokes my cheek. I see nothing but the love in his eyes. "Bella, you can do this. I love you with all my heart and you are the strongest person in the world to me." I cry as the pain locks my body and I pant into his arms. "Aaarrggg." I scream at the end "That's it Baby, a couple of more pushes and we can hold our son." "Son?" I question looking up at him and smiling as he goofily grins at me. "Son." With that I have enough time to breathe hard and centre myself as I push down again. "That's it Bella." Esme cheers behind me. After two more pushes Esme tells me to stop and relax, that the heads out. I let go of Edward's hand and put a hand down between my legs and feel the thin downing hair on top of my baby's head. "Okay, Bella, one last push and baby will be here." Esme says and I grab Edwards hands then bear down hard till the pressure leaves my body. "Here you are mommy." Esme says and I put my hands between my legs and bring my baby boy up to me and hold him tightly. "Edward." I cry as I kiss his head holding his crying body to my virtually bare chest. "I know baby, I know." He cries back holding me tightly. I look up and slowly change position so I'm now sat on the bench I was kneeling on now holding my son in front of me as my husband holds me from behind. All three of us crying as we touch each other. Who knew last year that I would be sat in a pool with a husband behind me a son in front of me. I lean down and kiss my crying sons head as I say a prayer for the family in front of me.