right in her face. "is revenge." "Who is it Bella?" Edward calls, and Victoria freezes. He comes up behind me when I don't answer. As soon as she sees him, Victoria bolts, disappearing up the stairs. "Was that who I think it was?" Edward asks me. I nod. "I told you upstairs neighbours were obnoxious vampires." He shakes his head. "Now I'm really glad you're moving in with me." I just laugh and close the door, eager to get back to packing. ~TCID~ We're sitting together on the couch later on, watching a sappy feel-good movie. I'm curled into his side with my feet tucked up under me, his arm around my shoulders, holding me tight. I sigh contentedly, perfectly comfortable. "I've realised something." Edward says out of nowhere, sounding thoughtful. "What have you realised?" I ask, still smiling. For over a year smiles refused to come; now I can't seem to stop. "I spent so much time thinking I had no soul, thinking that there was nothing good for me on the other side. I can't help wondering, if I had known that it was like this," he gestures vaguely around us, "What might I have done with that time? I can't help feeling like it was all wasted." I'm not sure what to say, but I try anyway. "There's no way you could have known. And there's no use in reliving the past now. It doesn't matter anymore." "I know that," he assures me, "and I'm happy now, I promise. But I can't help feeling annoyed..." He trails off. "All that worrying for nothing," I muse, finishing his sentence. He hums in agreement, then is silent for a moment. "I've been holding off on asking, because I didn't know if you would be offended..." he pauses. I look at him expectantly, waiting for him to speak. He takes a deep breath, then blurts it out. "Why are you blue?" I laugh out loud; I can't help it. I'm still smiling as I answer. "Hypothermia. I froze before I drowned." I tell him. He nods as if that makes perfect sense, running his fingers along the skin of my arm. "In that case, shouldn't I have scars and scorch marks?" he asks, sounding genuinely curious. "No," I answer, looking down. I can't help the petulant tone in my voice. "Only people who commit suicide have outward signs of their death. You were killed by someone else, so you're as good as new." "Why do you say it like that? Surely... if you killed yourself, you wouldn't mind. Your friends seemed okay with it." I smile wryly and shake my head. "That's because they really were trying to kill themselves. They had nothing left for them on Earth; they were ready to go." I look up at him. "I didn't want to die." Edward seems confused. "Then why did you jump off a cliff?" I can't look at him as I speak, so I don't. I can only manage a hoarse whisper as it is. "Do you remember Jacob Black?" "Yes..." "Well, after you... left, we kind of got closer and closer. I started hanging around with him all the time and... I saw some kids on the reservation cliff diving, and it looked like fun, so Jake said he'd take me to do it. Only, something came up, and he couldn't, but I still wanted to go, so I went on my own. I didn't realise how rough the currents were getting until I was in the water." I look up at him then, pleading with my eyes for him to believe me. "I honestly wasn't trying to kill myself. It was an accident. But, because I jumped, they classed it as suicide, and," I gesture to myself. "Here I am." Edward doesn't speak. He just stares at me, searching my face for... something. I'm not sure what. "There's something else," he guesses, "The reason why you wanted to go in the first place. You have to tell me Bella." I shake my head. "Not now. Later. I've ruined the mood enough as it is." He looks like he's about to argue, but decides against it, simply nodding. "Fine. But you will tell me." "Of course," I say, "Just not tonight." That seems to satisfy him. We settle back into comfortable silence. After a while, he starts to kiss up and down my neck, his lips tickling my skin with each pass, until I start to giggle. "What are you doing?" I ask. "Exploring," is his response. "You feel different, and yet the same." He licks my neck softly, making me shiver. He's never done that before. "You taste like salt water," he observes. I giggle again, and he chuckles with me. I realise, out of nowhere, that I don't feel cold. His body is right beside mine, and still as cold as ice, but I don't feel it the way I used to. The perpetual chill that I have lived in since I arrived here is gone as well. For the first time in a long time, I feel... warm. All of a sudden, I yawn. It's one of those big, all encompassing yawns that makes the sides of your mouth feel stretched and seems to come from your very toes. Edward chuckles. "Time for bed, I think." he says. And he scoops me up into his arms, making me shriek in surprise, before running upstairs to the master bedroom. I don't know where we're going to go from here. I don't know what I want to happen between us. But I know that I am happy. I know that I feel loved and that I love him in return. When I go to work tomorrow, my smile will be genuine, and I will no longer be the surly kind of Check-In girl. I will be the happy one, who smiles and is helpful. The kind that people will be lucky to be checked-in by. I can't wait.