back slumps onto the bed, Edward starts slowly thrusting in and out of me. My hands burrow into his hair and his mouth clamps onto my nipple. I tug his hair hard, trying to get him to roll over. He gets the hint and rolls over, letting me sit up. I bounce up and down several times making him groan. "Bellaaa," he whines as my body leaves his and I crawl up onto my hands and knees, wiggling my ass in his direction. "So, are you going to sit there all night or are you going to climb up here and fuck me hard?" He mumbles something that sounds like, ' Fuck, I've gone to heaven,' before he stands up. He lines himself up with me and thrusts into me in one fast movement. He thrusts several more times and makes me moan before his fingers make their way to my clit and start rubbing hard, which makes me scream his name as I cum hard. Once I've finished riding out my orgasm, he pushes down on my shoulders then buries his cock in my pussy and adds his thumb in my ass. I moan before arching back into him as he thrusts in — the harder he gets, the louder I get thrashing my head from side to side and pulling at my hair as I get close to comeing again. He and his cock are driving me insane. "Cum, baby . . . Please cum," Edward begs from behind me. That's all it takes as I cum hard and he roars from behind me. Edward falls on to the bed on his side, taking me with him. I lie still and in my own world, coming down from the euphoria of our time together. When we can both breathe properly, Edward pulls out making me hiss at the emptiness. His fingers leave my pussy and drag up my stomach, circling my nipples and causing me to moan." "Oh, Edward!" I cry as I run a hand over the bandage. "It's nothing, Bella." He puts his hand on the bandage and pulls it off to show me the stitches hidden under it. "Can we leave this please?" I look into his eyes as he leans up. "I would rather talk about you and this one," he says as he places a hand on my stomach. "What do you want to know?" I smile at him. "How? When? . . ." I look at his befuddled face. "Well, let's start with the how," I say putting on my best sex teacher voice. "When a man loves a woman . . ." I'm stopped by his fingers tickling my sides. "I know the birds and the bees talk, Bella," he chuckles as he stops "What I want to know is how you found out? When did Rose call you with the results? I'm going to kill her about keeping things from me," he says the last bit as a mumble, and I smile at him, grateful that I didn't go to Rose. "I didn't go to Rose." He looks shocked. "Jasper?" I shake my head again. "Dad?" Again, I shake my head. "Emmett?" "Edward, I went to a normal gp." I smile. "Daddy should know before grandparents, aunts or uncles." I watch as Edward chuckles. "That's very true." He strokes my stomach again. "So, when?" "Seven months time." He leans over and presses a kiss to my stomach. "Hi, baby. I'm looking forward to meeting you." I look over at the clock and realise we've been in our own little bubble for the last two hours. "Shit, Edward, it's three in the morning !" I exclaim, untangling myself from him. "It's been a long day and my baby mama needs some sleep then," he says giddily. "Firstly," I say pointing, a finger at his nose. "I am not your baby mama; I'm your child's mother. Secondly, Edward, we have guests. It's been two hours and you told them twenty minutes." Edward huffs before sitting up. "Okay, baby, let's go and check on them then get you two back to bed." He gently pats my stomach and then he throws on a pair of sleep pants. I put on a night gown then a dressing gown, and we head down stairs. What we find makes me snicker. There's no one in the front room, so we look around. We find Rosalie and Emmett asleep on the office sofa bed —Rosalie's make up has run all down her face. We close the door quietly and shake our heads. We head towards the Jacuzzi to find Jasper is still in there with Alice, clearly having sex. I spot their clothes in a corner and I grab a piece of paper and a pen. Rose and Em in office. Parents somewhere you've got the guest house see you in the morning. Bella. I throw the paper on top of their clothes with the keys to the guest house. I smile at Edward and turn around. "Let's go to bed. We can sort everything else in the morning." "Mmm, I like that idea." "Edward, you've just had me," I giggle and shake my head at him. "Yes, but it's not every day my wife tells me she's pregnant," he says, grinning I start to quietly run to the bedroom just as he chases after me. "There's always tomorrow," he repeats as he pins me to our bedroom door and kisses me. I know he's right, so I decide to let it go and just enjoy my time with Edward. Tomorrow we can start sorting my OB/GYN appointments. Hopefully Rosalie can do it but if not, we will find someone else to look after us. I smile as I nod off to the thought of becoming a parent, lying on my side, naked in bed while Edward lies just under me with his hand on my stomach and his face in my hair, breathing my scent in.