time in so long, I don't feel like he's going to let go. I still can't breath, aware that all of my air is caught inside my chest. But my body is so alive . My finger tips are tingling, and my toes are curled in such a way that I almost wonder if they'll stay that way forever. My skin is on fire, flaming, pulsing, and I want to drown in this fire, let it consume me, and I can feel the sweat beads on Jacob's neck. His lips are soft and tender, rough and unyielding, primal and delicate, and like he's realizing nothing in his life has ever felt so right. His fingers tangle in my hair as he urges me to reveal every life long secret without ever having to say a word. We pulled apart for a moment, breathless. I was drowning, falling and completely lost inside his blazing brown eyes, full of so much emotion that my heart fell apart within my chest. I couldn't stop myself from reaching for him again, and he accepted me, our lips clashing in a war of emotions that neither of us could find the words to express. His free hand slid up my back, touching my aching soft skin through my thin shirt. Sparks filled the air and my flesh burned each time his fingertips met my body. I could feel his heat through our clothes and I so desperately wanted him to be touching more of me. His tongue slipped inside of my mouth again, and he groaned at the taste of my tongue as it greeted him at the entrance of my lips. He was sweet and dark, revealing a side to his soul that I hadn't seen in so long. He slid away from my lips, running his mouth along my jaw line and up to my ears, nibbling at the delicate skin hiding behind my hair. "Jake..." I whispered huskily against his hair. "I don't ever want this moment to end..." He leaned back far enough to gaze into my eyes. "It won't," he whispered back. "I won't let it." Jacob pulled me in again, desperate for one more chance to show me that he wasn't ever letting me leave again. His lips were harder this time, more fierce, and I felt the warmth spread through my body, and my groin ached. I pushed my hips against him, and his finger tips fluttered along my ribcage before he found my waist, his hands digging into my sides. Breathless, I pulled away from him finally taking a moment to brush my wild hair away from my face. I realized that my breathing sounded like I had just finished running a marathon and I couldn't stop the little giggle that slipped out my mouth. He gave me a shaky half smile and asked, "Are you laughing at me?" I giggled again and shook my head. "No..." I gasped. "Not after that. Anyone that can kiss me like that doesn't deserve laughter." I gave him a small sexy grin. "They deserve..." I leaned in and gave him a small peck. "another..." I kissed him again, pulling his mouth closer to me. "...kiss." He smiled, and his eyes darkened. I knew that look. What it meant. A shiver of anticipation slid down my spine. "Glad you feel that way," he murmured, his gaze traveling lower as it fell on my mouth, then my chest, and finally between my legs. I blushed a little and twirled a piece of hair between my fingers. "Soo..." Jacob's expression turned serious and he reached towards me, cupping my face in his hand and caressing my cheek with his thumb. I gave a little sigh of contentment and nestled my skin against his palm. "Bella..." he whispered. I opened my eyes and looked at him. "Is it alright that... I'm scared?" My breath whooshed out my lungs with a rush, and I didn't realize that I'd been holding it. "Yes," I whispered back. "I'm… scared too." He brought his forehead back to mine, and we stood like that for a moment, letting the heat of the situation settle around us. I couldn't believe he was home. My Jacob was home. The feeling of elation that surrounded my heart was so huge that I felt like my skin would burst from it. "Uh, Jake," I finally choked out. I licked my lips, and almost sighed when I still tasted him there. It sent a shudder through my body but I forced myself to concentrate. "I, uh, didn't know if your flight would be on time, so I…" I forgot what I was saying when his lips found my jaw line before sliding up to my ear. "Oh, shit," I murmured. His laugh was husky, deep, and told me that he knew exactly what he was doing to me. I pushed lightly on his chest, and when he moved back, I saw the playful flicker dance through his chocolate eyes. "I have… a hotel room-" He didn't wait for me to finish. I laughed out loud as he scooped me up in his arms. There had been a crowd of people around us, and I blushed when I heard them cheer. "Enjoy your leave, Captain Black!" I heard a few men call after us, and my blush deepened. He laughed at my embarrassment and kissed me hard on the mouth. The cat calls increased and I smacked him playfully on the shoulder. He stopped long enough to pull his bag off the conveyor belt and carried me swiftly to the doors that led to short-term parking. "Bye, Ang!" I called out, squirming his arms enough to turn and wave to her. "Bye! Have fun!" She yelled back, a happy smile on her face. "I'll maybe see you in class this week?" "Not a chance," came Jacob's loud retort, and she laughed, waving to us happily as he carried us out of her line of sight.