and you too Charlotte", I say Peter gives me a hug and says, "It is a pleasure to finally meet you. I have been waiting years to finally meet you and your father" I let him go and turn to Charlotte who hugs me tightly. "He really has been trying but the Cullen's", Charlotte spits out their name, "Always got in the way" "Those little buggers. How dare they keep me apart from my family. When I next see them I will give them a serious talking too. I might even rip an arm off", I say "I will too if I ever see them again. Pleasure to meet my grandfather", Dad says shaking Peter's hand and hugging Charlotte "How are you a vampire?" Dad asks "I was changed in Texas by a bad woman named Maria. I had to leave my wife and child behind that's how you are descendent from me. She changed Char too. I escaped with Charlotte when her newborn year was up and they were about to kill her", Peter says "Can I call you Grandpa?" I ask "If you want. You can always call me Peter", Peter replies "What should I call you Charlotte?" I ask Charlotte "What about Char? Because I am not your biological grandma. I am your step Grandmother", Charlotte replies "I will call you Char", I decide "How old are you Grandpa and Char? What age were you born in? What year was you changed? What age was you when you were changed and how old are you altogether?" I ask quickly Everyone laughs at my enthusiasm. "I was born in 1860. I was changed when I was 20 in 1880. So I am 145 years old altogether", Peter replies "I was born in 1920. I was changed when I was 20 in 1940. So I am 85 years old altogether", Char replies "What do you drink?" Dad asks "We drink from Scum. We have good self-control", Peter replies "That's good. That's what we are going to be drinking when we are turned", I say "When are you going to be turned?" Peter asks "When I am 28. Dad is getting changed straight away when we reach Volterra. Mum and Phil are going back to the Summer Seelie court", I reply "Do you have powers?" Dad asks "Yes we do. I just know stuff. I knew you both wanted to be turned and I knew Isabella that you were Caius's mate. Sometimes I don't get anything at all", Peter says "I can tell if you're lying or not", Char says "Will you be willing to come back with us to Volterra?" Aro asks "Yes. We don't want to be parted from them again", Peter replies "Good. Because we must leave soon. Right after Isabella tells us what happened with the Cullen's", Aro says looking at me I sigh and quickly tell them everything. From Edward saving me from the van to James and then to the birthday party and to them leaving without goodbye. "You have been through much. I should have been there", Peter says sadly "You can't change the past. We can only work towards the future", I reply "Ok. But if I ever see Jasper again he is getting it", Peter says angrily "How do you know Jasper?" I ask "He served with me in the Southern wars I was his Captain and he was the Major. Maria was very happy with us", Peter explains "Oh. Were you two close?" I ask "We were but not now knowing what he has done to my granddaughter. Him and I are having words", Peter replies "You don't have too your barely know me", I say "I love you Isabella you're my granddaughter and I have always loved you", Peter says "I love you too. You're my step granddaughter. And I fill like I know you already", Char says "We all love you Bella please believe that", Caius says looking at me I look at everyone looking for deceit but I find none. "Thank you. I already find myself loving you all too", I say Aro and Marcus come up and give me a hug and so does Peter and Charlotte. I feel much better afterwards. "I suppose we must get going", I say "Yes we must pack what you what will we get the bodies. We will sneak you both out and set the house on fire. Everyone will think you are dead", Aro says "Aro can you do us too? Because Father is calling me back to Summer Court. So we must leave I will see you soon baby", Mum says hugging me "Love you Mum", I say "Love you Mum", Angela says "Love you too Bella, Angela. I will speak to you both often", Mum says as a portal opens, "See you all soon" They go through the portal and are gone. "Ok let us pack", I say going up the stairs with Caius following me. Charlie goes into his bedroom and begins to pack. While I pull out my suitcase and begin to pack. Caius helps me pack and within half an hour we are ready to go. So is Dad. That's when Felix and Demetri comes back with four bodies that are the same height of us. "See you soon Bells", Jacob says hugging me "Love you Sis. We will visit soon", Angela says "You must come. See your Sam, Emily, Jared, Kim, Paul, Rachael, Embry, Quil", I say "Let's get you guys out of here", Caius says picking me up and running me out to the limo before anyone could see. So does Aro to Charlie. All the guard but Felix are in the limo. We start moving and when we get a little bit away I see the fire start. I was saying goodbye to my old life and on to my new life with Caius… Author's Note: What do you think please review and i'll try and update as soon as possible:)