body, the pressure of him filling her up, the resonating thump of his heartbeat against her chest. In and out, in and out. He was almost graceful in his movements, fucking her with such fervor that she felt the burn of unshed tears against the back of her eyelids. Her fingernails dug deep into the perfect skin of his shoulder blades, and she was desperate for the orgasm she knew without a doubt he would give her. Her thighs tightened around him, and she accepted the aggressive assault of his cock, the head of him rubbing her g-spot each time he pushed into her. "OH, GOD!" she cried out, and then reached her hands up to grip his hair in her fists, dragging his warm lips back to hers. She devoured his mouth like a starving woman, catching his upper lip between her teeth. His breath came in pants. "Do you like that," he breathed out, opening his dark eyes, and the black flames she saw there shot lightening through her veins. "Do you like me fucking you like this?" "Yes, yes, yes," her words were like a mantra, programmed to repeat with each thrust of his hips. The cold of the stone tiles against her back were like a relief, an ice to the fire of her body, soothing the tightness of his fingers against her pelvis. His hot hands traveled upwards from her waist, his hips still pinning her to the wall. He slid the thin straps of her dress from her shoulders, over her breasts, leaving her chest bare to the cool hallway air. His mouth moved away from hers, leaning down to capture one of her aching nipples between his lips. She cried out again as she felt his teeth graze her gently, tugging on the taut skin. The thrusting slowed as he concentrated on the two pleasure points above her belly button. His tongue flattened against her, lapping at her delicate skin with skilled precision. "Oh, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob…" she murmured. Her eyes were closed, and she reveled in the pleasure his body brought her. He moved his lips over her again, sucking lightly, bringing her pebbled nipples to a painful peak. She moaned again. " Please, please, please… " She felt him smile. "Please, what?" His voice was rough with desire and it thrilled her that he was enjoying her just as much as she was enjoying him. " Please don't stop ," she whimpered. "You feel so good…." "Oh yeah?" he asked teasingly, bringing full lips level with her ear. "You. Like. This?" he punctuated every word with a thrust of his hips, pulling a gasp from her mouth each time. "God, yes!" she cried out, dragging her fingernails down the skin of his back. "Please, just fuck me! Don't stop!" He grunted his approval, and resumed his deep thrusting. "You are so tight and wet and sweet, Bella," he growled into her ear. "Your pussy is amazing." His dirty words made her moan again, and she felt the flames in her abdomen spread, and she knew her orgasm was eminent. And he felt it too, she knew, and he moaned into her ear, "Please tell me you're going to come, Bella, please tell me this sweet pussy of yours is going to cream all over my cock as I fuck you…" If any other man had said these things to her, she would have slapped him and never spoken to him again. But him – he made her feel like a goddess, like she was something to be worshipped, that she deserved the mind-blowing, life-altering sex that they were having. " Yes, " she hissed her reply, forcing the words out from between her clenched teeth, feeling overwhelmed by the sensation of her building orgasm. " Yeeessss… " And then, without warning, his relentless thrusting sent her over the edge, and screams of pleasure poured from her throat. Her muscles clenched viciously around him, her wetness coating them both, and her pelvis rocked unconsciously, desperate to pull every drop of ecstasy from his superhuman hips. She rode the waves her endless climax, and sparks of color appeared behind her eyelids, her ears pounding with her own heartbeat and the pants of her lover. She felt as his pace faltered, losing the eloquent rhythm he had used to so effortlessly make her orgasm in a way she could have only dreamed about. "Yes, love," she cooed softly in his ear. " Come for me ." He moaned, catching her delicate earlobe between his teeth, thrusting once, twice, three more times before he grunted, gripping her hips hard in his hands, and burying himself deep inside her. His massive body shuddered, and the skin of his shoulders shivered beneath the delicate strokes of her fingertips, and she smiled at the goose bumps that appeared. "You're amazing," he finally whispered, and despite the situation, the reverence of his tone made her blush. His eyes opened, and their gazes met. She gasped at the utter honesty of the expression he wore. He chuckled softly, reaching up to tuck a stray hair behind her ear. "You ready to get outta here?" She nodded wordlessly, and they swiftly untangled their bodies, fixing their clothes as much as they could. She giggled suddenly, and he spun to look at her, apprehension on his face. "It's ok," she said softly, taking his cheeks in her hands, pulling him in for another kiss. "I just realized I'm gonna have to leave here commando." His look of concern changed to one of pleasure, and he reached out to take her small hand in his large one. He leaned forward, his tongue slipping along the length of her jaw. "Come on, Bells," he whispered, his voice husky and deep. "You won't need those tonight." She shivered against him, and she could feel the wetness drip between her legs again. This man was a god , and at least for tonight, he was hers….