Bella?" he was surprised by the nonchalance in her tone. "Not really," she said, flipping her hair behind her back, "His funeral had only us, and a few cops." "I see." "I hope you understand me, Carlisle. He'd abused us so much that during the time of his death, I could only think, 'good riddance'. His abuse had been one of the stimuli for my depression, as the therapists toldme." "Along with love, as you say." "Yes. Love is the reason for every bad thing that has happened to me." "How is that true?" "I expected love from my father. I had several relationships where my heart was broken. Do you know why I looked for relationships?" "Because of love?" She sniffed, "Since I was a kid, I loved watching Disney movies. As I grew, I read a lot of romantic novels, and they always portrayed the same thing. Love had healed two damaged souls. Even now, in almost every spiritual book, it's written that love has the power to cure everything. Love is miraculous. I have seen Em change for better ever since he's fallen for Rosalie. He has grown optimistic, full of hope. I wanted to see for myself, experience the healing powers of love. "After my first relationship, I was devastated. Love was not all that I've read in books or seen in movies. After the second one, I abandoned the fantastical ideas of finding any kind of romantic love. That nonsense was reserved only for books. I limited my aspirations. Now, I just wanted companionship. I just searched for someone who made me feel good. Was that too much to ask? "Have you had any success?" "I'm afraid I'd have to answer that in the negative. You see, the web of love works this way…First; you want it in its full glory. Then, you are happy to settle for less. And then, after that, you just want to settle for someone to avoid loneliness. It's wrong, but it's true. Clichéd as it may sound, love is like a drug. It's toxic, but you crave it. It works for only some of the people, yet when others see them, he happy ones, they all start searching." "But you also blamed the love for your mother. Why is that?" Bitter experiences had made this girl pessimistic. "You know, doctor, I frequently called her and told her all about my shit relationships. When she realized how depressed it was making me, she used to say, 'Bella, you have given the reigns of your happiness to the other person for too long. That is why your happiness is so short lived. If the happiness comes from within, then usually it's permanent' . "I wish I could be happy from within, but love had made me incapable of that. If my mom hadn't loved my dad, I believe she would have been happier. My life would have been better. It was she who taught me love was devotion, love was never giving up. I became the clingy type, hoping till the last moment that everything would be fine, only to be heartbroken. "One day she called me to say that she'd found love. I was baffled. Was she having a schizophrenic attack again? She could feel my disbelief from across the phone, and she urged me to visit her so that she could tell me where love was. She sounded ecstatic. I agreed, amused , thinking that maybe, she'd found herself a boyfriend. Since she was so happy, I was sure that this time it was someone who didn't drink, stink like a pig and wasn't abusive. That in itself would have been must be a huge achievement for her…" She swallowed suddenly and clenched her fists, which were resting onthe table, trying to look rough. Her eyes werefilled with unshed tears. "She died four days after that call, hit by a truck." "Shit." This left his mouth before he could stop himself. She half smiled though it was void of humour. Therefore, her grief began to evolve into a depression with increasingly significant symptoms. Bella was having problems sleeping at night. She had difficulty falling asleep and she would awaken much too early in the morning, unable to fall back to sleep.She lost interest in food and began losing weight. She had a noticeable lack of energy. She lost enthusiasm for relationships, and her ability to concentrate became increasingly impaired. Before her mother's death, Bella's anxiety consisted mainly of job stresses, such as deadlines and difficult decisions. She was also anxious at times about her relationships, with how she should act and what her responses should be. Her anxiety levels increased dramatically after the death of her mother. She had lost her daily confidante and advisor, her closest friend. She had lost her primary source of guidance and support. She felt disoriented, alone, adrift. This was bound to get the attention of her boss, Bree Tanner, so she recommended Carlisle's name to her. Bree had read the books written by him and attended some lectures in which he talked of people in meditative states having encounters with loved ones. Bree always fired keen and clever questions. She'd become a good friend of his. Bella's heart gave the final thump of hope after listening to all of this and she came to him after setting an appointment. She hoped for some type of reunion or contact with her mother. Her heartache needed some balm to ease the constant pain. Carlisle smiled compassionately at her, quoting his favourite saying by Jack E Leonard, "'There is nothing wrong with you that a regression therapy can't cure.' " He gave her a tape to listen to at home so that her state of mind could relax. Her treatmentwould begin at the next session. He hugged her and watched her leave. Then he thought … Your problem is not love, but the lack of love. No one can provide you with that, except for yourself.