that she acted, going by the name Lucas. She and the captain became close, he saw her as the son he never had, she saw him as a father like figure. She taught the crew how to fight they weren't great but they were better than they were. She preferred being up in the mast. Swinging by the ropes, and feeling the wind in her hair and watching and just looking at the sea all day. The crew let her. She saw something on the horizon. She put her fingers in her mouth and whistled loudly. The captain looked up from the wheel. She pointed to the said boat which was approaching rapidly. He nodded and turned the boat slightly so they would not collide. Bella, stayed in the crows nest for an hour and she then clearly saw the pirates flag flying proudly and silently as the boat appeared to be all black. "Pirates" she cried. She saw that there didn't seem to be anyone on deck. She squinted more, she still couldn't see anyone. She knew this to be a trick. She stayed up there, and the crew on the ship prepared for a fight as the boat slowed as it reached them. She stayed hidden in her tower as the sun started to descend and let the moon watch over them for a few hours. She finally heard the war cry of the opposite boat. She smiled, thankful and hoping that some of them were even remotely good at fighting. She needed a good fight so she could get it out of her system. She swung down using her favourite ropes and kicked the oncoming pirate and he flew into the water with a mighty splash. She twisted, letting go of the rope and immediately started fighting. Her sword at the ready. As she attacked a lanky blond boy with baby cheeks and fake muscles, she defeated him quickly as his footing was shoddy and, she quickly knocked him out and turned to the next one a large muscley pirate, he had long brunette curls and grey piercing eyes, he had dimples which appeared when he opened his mouth and a booming war cry followed. He ran straight in for an attack she used her agility and speed against him, his momentum unable to help him as she dodged him at the last minute and he fell forward, her kicking his leg from behind. He fell and she used the hilt of her sword to hit his sensitive spot on his neck and he fell to the floor. She turned for the next one and the next one and the next one losing count of just how many she was defeating. She turned and there stood half the crew of the pirates just watching her, and astonishment. She noticed the crew of the stardust were all lying around dead. She didn't cry she did feel sorrow for her fallen friends and comrades but life had to go on. She learned that when Edward died. She looked around and saw a man, he was wearing all black, black trousers, black boots, and a black shirt that puffed out a little on his arms. She knew who he was straight away. Bloodbeard. He was going to pay. Her eyes narrowed, as he picked up his sword and stalked towards her. She gripped her sword tighter, and she waited for him to strike. As the circled each other, both waiting for the other to strike. When it became clear that he was only going to strike when she did, so she feigned left and when he did she kicked him the right him making his whole leg go with his hip. She twisted and trusted his sword toward her. She blocked it easily. He parried her and attacked again, and again. She was block after block until he finally got a punch in. he punched her directly on the chin. As the vibrations jarred her chin, her fist flew up and punched his throat causing him to catch a breath. He flew back and she flipped back again. The pirates looking on in part amusement and part shock that their very own captain was actually being hit and that this fighter was small and agile. Bloodbeard charged her again, and she blocked him spinning kicking the bottom of his back and put her sword to his throat. "I should kill you" she started, just as her bandanna fell out of her hair and her long brown wavy hair tumbled down to her shoulders in waves. The bandanna landed on the tip of the sword letting Bloodbeard know exactly who she was. "you shouldn't be out here, you're the missing noble" she pulled the sword away and quickly stepped back. She walked straight into someone's large meaty hands. "Miss Swan" Bloodbeard greeted. Bella quickly pulled off Edwards shirt, she threw it by her bag. The pirates gasped at what she was wearing. She wore a white shirt that hung off her arms and shoulders and was held up by a corset like thing that was black and clung to her and showed her curves. She had a belt that hung low on her hips and held a gun, and a sword hole that she sheathed her sword in when she was finished with it. She wore tight black trousers, and long knee high pirate boots which held plenty of daggers. The guy that was holding her, pressed the nerves on her neck and she fell limply into his arms. "get her onto the ship" Bloodbeard commanded. His men did what he said and they trudged of Emmet's arms full of Bella. He walked forward to the bag the girl had dropped. He picked up the males shirt and wondered who she stole it from. He rummaged around her bag but only found clothes and another gun. He walked onto his ship and watched as the last one went up in flames…