there is some undeniable spark between us, and I'm interested to find out what it is." He murmured. As her eyes fluttered open his heated gaze swam into her vision. She sighed and brushed his hand away from her face, and tried to take a step back from him, "Please stop trying to seduce me, Anthony Masen," she said trying to give him a stern look. His hand holding hers prevented her from moving completely away from him, "Why not?" he asked a hint of a smile hovered on his lips. "Because I'm not that kind of girl," she spat at him. He stood there gazing deeply into her eyes, "I know that you're not, but I'm trying to show you what I'm thinking and feeling." "What?" "You told me earlier that I hid my emotions, now I'm trying with difficulty mind you, to show you what I'm feeling," he said. "No! Forget I even mentioned that," she laughed nervously and tried to pry her hand from his hold on it. "I don't think that I can, Bella." His smile became more tempting. "Well you need to try," she said helplessly, felling hopelessly caught up in the moment, and the desire shining in his hypnotic eyes. "All I'm asking is that you let me spend a little more time with you, and if that means allowing me to drive you home, than that's what I'll do." "I think you're implying you want more?" she asked. "What if I said I want it all? That I want to spend my every wakening moment with you for all eternity." Oh God! Anthony Masen, she thought, you are truly a dangerous, man for a good little plain girl such as myself, Bella thought. And for just once she wanted to take a chance, to be reckless, live a little, but knew she couldn't. Edward watched as her lips curved into a smile, and could not help but be mesmerized by those luscious lips of hers, "Please say yes?" he urged. "As I said, I promise you'll be safe with me…that is as much as you want to be." Bella took another step away from him, and sighed, "I'm sorry, Anthony. But I just can't let you do that…not tonight. Thank you for the nice conversation, but I really must go," Bella said turning to walk toward her car. "Bella! Wait!" Anthony called out to her sounding desperate, following behind her. He couldn't believe it she was actually turning him down. Him… Edward Cullen. Not if he could help it she wouldn't be. He thought as he chased after her. She unlocked her door and seated herself inside, but could not close the door for Anthony stood in the way. "Please, Anthony, I have to go." "At least let me take you out, I would like to see you again?" he asked. "I-don't know," she hesitated. "Just one date, Bella, that's all I ask. If you don't like me by then…I'll never bother you again," he persuaded her. Knowing full well, now that he liked Bella he'd never settle for letting her go. Bella left out a sigh and realized that he was not going to take no for an answer. She wasn't sure why, maybe it was due to the fact that she was very tired, or deep down she wanted to accept his invitation, but she found herself giving in. "Fine, one date…now if you'll be so kind as to move out of the way so I can close my door-" Edward smiled at her, "So you'll go on a date with me then?" he asked cutting her off in mid-sentence. "I already said I would," Bella said gritting her teeth, and trying not to get upset. "When are you available?" Bella sat there looking up at him and frowned; she didn't want to tell him but knew he wasn't going to let her go until she gave him an answer. "I have to work until four in the evening tomorrow. I guess if you're not too busy we could meet up then?" "That's fine, I'll meet you here," Edward said then moved out of the way so she could finally shut her car door. She started her car up, and without another glance in his direction, threw her car into drive and slowly drove out of the parking lot. Edward stood there a few moments watching her drive away from him, a huge smile on his handsome face. Though he was sad to let her go, he was also filled with a happiness that didn't come to him very often, and knew it was Bella who made him feel that way. There was just something about her, that affected him like no other woman ever had, and he couldn't wait to explore these new feelings. … A/N: Hello everybody! I just wanted to fill you all in on some things about this story, that is if you all haven't figured it out already. It is in third person or author's point of view; sorry I get them confused sometimes. Anyway I tried to separate the different characters views, but sometimes I have the thoughts filtering back and forth so fast, and only in small paragraphs that I didn't separate them with lines or stars or fancy decorative fonts, then other times I did. Sorry about that, but I think I made it easy to decipher who I was going back and forth with. Also I used some Italian words in this first chapter and provided a list below of what the words mean. If I have used the wrong use, or wording for my Italian please let me know so I can fix it. Thanks and please review! * Meaning of Italian words used mia cara = my dear per favore = please si = yes felice = pleased Quale è sbagliato? = what is wrong? Capisci = you understand Cara = dear Mio caro = my darling Piccolo = baby