the newly laid snow, the gathering of witnesses in the great meadow, me on Jacob's back feeling afraid and confused, time flew on to scenes of learning how to hunt and track, swimming in the river during the summer, building sandcastles with his tribe on the beach, holidays, all of my childhood memories included him. He saw himself through my eyes as the protector, the caretaker, the teacher, the best friend, my other half. Yet, my memories changed and I saw in my mind what he saw now, times spent around the campfire on the reservation, the questioning I always had about the couples that were before me, how natural it was for each of them to touch, to kiss, the images switched to Emmett and Rosalie, to Jasper and Alice, to Carlisle and Esme, then finally to my parents. Then I showed him the one image that had been burned within me, himself looking at me that way he had been these last few years, the way he just had only minutes ago. The yearning and the longing held behind his dark eyes and then finally I revealed to him my heart, the resounding confusion and questioning echoed through me and into Jacob. "I'm sorry Jake, I never meant to show you all of that." I retracted my hand ashamed that I had revealed to him so many things that I knew would bring him pain. Jacob stumbled backwards as he looked down at the gravel road beneath our feet. He took a deep breath. I knew he was trying to compose himself. "I needed…I needed to see for myself." He finally spoke. "This is why I have to be honest with you, I care about you too much to keep living like this. I don't want…I don't want to hurt you anymore, Jake." "So what, you're just going to leave?" His voice deepened, the anger had returned. "I need time, Jake, time to figure out who I am, what I am. My whole family lives in this utopia environment all the time. They've found their lives and now they have the freedom to live it. I want to find mine. I just want to understand what being me means. I need to be in a different place with people who really understand." "South America." He exhaled. "Nahuel." Jacob's jaw tightened as he said his name. "His family is the only one we know of that are like me. When I was a child I never questioned what I was, it never made any difference to me. But now, since reaching maturity, it does, there are questions only he can answer, about this life and what it might hold for me. I have to go and see for myself." "I'm sure Bella and Edward are thrilled about this one." He said with a slight chuckle, his feet digging a trench in the dirt as he shuffled his foot. "They are trying to understand." I took a deep breath. "Am I wrong to do this?" I looked back up at him, I felt once again like a child and he had all the answers. "You're just growing up, Ness." He smiled, my tension seeming to deplete. "You are wrong about one thing though." He exhaled as he ran a hand through his hair. "And what's that?" I said with a teasing smile. "No one will ever know you better than I do, Ness." I turned towards him and felt myself shake, but we both new it wasn't because of the sudden cold that blew across the open yard. "I'm scared." I spoke so truthfully I surprised even myself. Jacob as he had done a thousand times before encircled me in his arms. I had grown up here in the warmth and comfort of his bronzed skin, from a baby in his hands, to a girl on his shoulders, to now a woman in his embrace. To any outsider our strange relationship would seem absurd, but I knew deep in my heart that here in Jacob's arms was the only place I had ever felt truly safe and protected; all thoughts, which seemed to only, confuse me more. "You're strong Ness, brave, smart." He whispered into my ear, his deep voice resonating within me. "You'll find the answers you're searching for." And when you do I'll be here waiting for you. A part of me wanted him to say it, but he didn't. The truth was I didn't know how long I would be gone, I didn't know how many months or even years it would take before I would be ready to come back home. I took a deep breath and gathered the courage to break away from his touch. I saw a tear quickly stream down his cheek. I was breaking him, I knew that, but I couldn't stay here anymore. That was a different sort of breaking, and I wasn't going to do that to him. I cared about him too much. "I had better go. My family will want to see me before I leave." I retreated from his embrace and suddenly for the first time in a long time felt bitter cold. Jacob's warmth was gone from me, and I didn't know how long it would be before I felt it again. "When are you leaving?" He spoke as he wiped the tears away from his face, not wanting me to see them. "Tomorrow." I saw another shudder run through Jacob's body. Yet he tried to remain strong for me and that was what pained me even more. "Good-bye Jake." I spoke with as much of a smile as I could. "Bye, Ness." The words themselves were painful to hear, and I knew they had been painful to say. What was even harder was the next step I took as I turned away from him and fled back into the forest, leaving Jacob Black, my best friend, my everything, standing there alone in the moonlight night.