teased, reveling as the man turned sheepish. "-I'll roll you into the mud," Charlie finished, Bella having been distracted as she gazed at the truck. The boy smiled showing his bright white teeth as they watched Charlie and Billy go at it in the middle of the street. "Are they always like this?" The boy laughed. "It's getting worse with old age." She nodded, "It's nice." He turned to her then and offered his hand towards her in greeting. "I'm Jacob. We used to make mud-pies together." Bella laughed, she had no collection of ever doing such a thing. "I can see it now, the boogey-monsters on the street." Jacob laughed as he shook his head. "I've missed you." Bella smiled softly, her expression gentle. "I may not remember you, Jake. But I wouldn't mind having a friend like you. It's not every day I have a partner in mud." He grinned crazily at her before they turned back to the returning fathers. "Nice truck," Bella offered as an attempt for conversation when "It's your homecoming present," Charlie replied making Bella practically sputter in surprise and excitement. she always wanted a truck but she was a horrible mechanic and never could afford one. "No way," she grinned. "This is awesome; it's perfect!" Bella exclaimed, showing more emotion than she had in the three weeks since she had "returned from the dead". Jacob told her how he basically brought engine back to life right before she winded him by opening the door to the driver's seat. "Sorry," she said distractedly. "It's alright," he replied as he settled himself into the passenger seat and walked her through the works. Bella couldn't stop smiling but when she caught Jacob's eyes on her with that all too familiar smile she felt her heart hammer in her chest with the reminder of her now deceased girlfriend. She had to break it to him now otherwise they wouldn't kick off a good friendship. "Jake..." He turned to her, curious as to what she would say. "I don't mean to be a heart-breaker when I say this but I'm... gay." The boy to her left startled clearly in surprise, his entire body going rigid. "I know it's not what everyone like to hear, especially since you've known me since we were kids, believe me I know by the amount of crushes that have told me they will always and forever be straight," she took a deep breath to continue, "but you seem like we could be good friends as long as you aren't looking for more... because I could never give it to you." Jacob visible swallowed as he tried to regain his bearings and possibly pride before he nodded at her and gained Bella's rare trust with his next words. "I would like that." She smiled at him. "I really am sorry." She was tempted to tell him if he was female he would totally be her type but she had a hunch that would just be adding salt to an open wound. "Don't be," Jake replied. "All I want you to be is yourself. Whether that was who you were ten years ago or who you are now, I just want you to be you. I won't ask you to be anything or anyone else." Bella grinned at him. "We're gonna be the best of friends, Jake." She could already see them covered in mud and haunting the streets. Jake laughed. "Well, you're company's not that bad." Bella brought a hand to her chest in mock hurt. They laughed it off and too soon did Bella find herself walking Jake back to his father's truck. "So, do you by chance know anything about the school I'm going to? Or any shopping areas? Like restaurants and the like." Jacob shrugged his shoulder as he looked towards the sky in what Bella assumed was thought before he turned back to her. "I go to school on Reservation but by the looks of people around here I would say... superficial. At least at first glance. Everyone is more than what they seem. You always had a knack for looking into people's hearts, old Bella or new." Bella contemplated his words before smiling, knocking her shoulder playfully against his arm considering he was much taller than her. "Thanks," she replied sincerely. "And as for hot-spots. Port Angeles is your best place to go. I know there's an old library you always liked to go to, if you're still into reading." Bella smiled and nodded. "It's kind of old but-" "I like old things," Bella interrupted. "Some things never change," Jake said with a grin. "What about the cost?" Jake shrugged again. "It depends on where you are. The shops around the library are nice and inexpensive while the further up along the road you go get's more expensive and a bit unnecessary." "Gotcha. Thanks Jake." "I got you covered, Bells." Bella laughed, and waved goodbye once Billy was settled and driving away. She turned back to Charlie who looked curiously at her. "Ready to get something to eat?" He asked her. Bella grinned in excitement. "I never thought you'd ask. It's time I see that diner you praised so highly." I kind of ditched the script but I imagined the script would've changed anyways with a different Bella thrown into the story. This is my take on OC reincarnation and I don't really know how this will work out but I'll be listening to everyone's feedback. I'm currently unsure about how things will go with the pairing but by the summary it will be between Bella and another girl. I'm not going to make it a relationship with one of the Cullens but I am wavering between Victoria to one of the Denali (Tanya, Kate, or Irina), Leah, or possibly Jane. I'll probably decide within the next few updates but when it's decided it'll be known and visible. Disclaimer: Stephanie Meyer owns Twilight. Author of Broken Eternity: Gothic Rain