out of his chair and was out of the room almost before the bell was finished ringing. On my way to the door, I was intercepted by a cute boy with slicked back blond hair. He looked like one of the popular lacrosse players back home: tall, but not too tall, and I could tell he had a good body underneath the jeans and red long sleeve T with "Newton's Outfitters" printed on it. "Aren't you Isabella Swan?" he asked. "Just Bella," I said with a smile. "I'm Mike." Aha. So this was Mike Newton. I was surprised I hadn't met him yet today, although, come to think of it, I think he might have been in my English class this morning. "Hi Mike," I said. "Do you need help finding your next class?" "I actually just have Gym, so I know where that is. Thanks though," I said, consulting my schedule. His eyes lit up. "That's my class too!" So Mike and I walked to class together. He was a chatterbox, but was still interested in what I had to say, and the conversation we had about English class as well as how much both of us missed the sun (he had lived in California for 10 years) did a good job of distracting me from thoughts of Edward. As we entered the gym though, Mike said artlessly "So did you stab Edward Cullen with a pencil or something? I've never seen him act like that." "He's not always like that?" I asked, playing dumb. "No," Mike said earnestly. "I mean, he's not going to win any awards for being nice, but he looked like he was in pain or something, sitting next to you." I shrugged and began to walk towards the girls' locker room. Instead of breaking away to the boys' locker room, Mike followed me. "If I were lucky enough to be sitting next to you I would have talked to you." I smiled vaguely at him and walked into the locker room. Coach Clapp, a slender, obviously fit woman was the gym teacher. She helped me find a gym uniform that fit, and told me I didn't have to dress out today. But after everything that had happened, the last thing I needed to be doing was sitting still and dwelling on it, so I asked if I could dress out anyway. We were currently doing volleyball in gym, which was fine. I could hit the ball pretty accurately when it came at me, and most of the time it went in the direction it was supposed to go. And it served its purpose in keeping my mind off of Edward and that terrible Biology class. When the final bell rang I quickly changed back into my regular clothes and made my way to the main office. When I entered the door I was presented with Edward's back. He was arguing with the receptionist in a surprisingly low, musical voice. It was incredibly attractive, and I wondered if it was because of his vampire nature or he just naturally had a lovely voice. He was asking her if there was any way he could switch out of our Biology class into a different one. I knew it was because of me, or rather, my scent and I didn't take offense. I did clear my throat so that he would be aware that I was in here and that he should try not to breathe. I don't think it worked because his arms stiffened at his sides and he turned around to glare at me with his terrifying black eyes. I wasn't as scared this time, probably because I'd been so frightened by him in Biology I just didn't have any energy left. And my headache from earlier was coming back. He turned around again and muttered "Never mind, I can see that it's impossible. Thank you so much for your help," before glaring his way past me and out of the office. I waited until he was completely out of the office before I walked up to the receptionist's desk to hand her my attendance slip. "How did your first day go dear?" she asked me maternally. I shrugged. "It was okay." I wasn't lying. Aside from the incidents in here and Biology, the day had really been perfectly fine. My headache had also vanished as quickly as it had come. On the drive home to Charlie's I thought about what had happened today, and wondered how they would affect the events that took place in Twilight. Would Edward leave school for the rest of the week like he did in the novel, or would he show up? Although I hadn't meant to at the time, I had changed a lot of stuff already, what with my comments to Alice and Edward. I sighed as I pulled into Charlie's driveway. I guess there's nothing left to do but wait until tomorrow to see what happens. AN: Well that's the first chapter! Please let me know what you guys think! I have a couple things I would like to say about this story as well. Firstly, I do not have it planned out at all, so if you have any suggestions or requests for things you want to see happen just let me know and I'll probably work them into the story! Secondly, I do not have a planned pairing for this story, although I would like for there to be one. I'm open to writing any pairing (or threesome or foursome, etc.) that you guys want to see so just let me know! I would really like for this story to be interactive on some level, with the things you guys request in reviews making their way into the story! Finally, I am in college and I'm very busy. So while I do promise that I won't abandon this story and I will finish it I can't promise any regular updating schedule. Thanks for reading!