I don't know why I was surprised they were vampires frozen beyond times control. Just like me. Suck it up bitch, you turned my heart cold. We were being separated into groups that would complement our powers, either by familiarity by association or by familiarity in strength. It was no surprise Sarah paired me with three of the Cullen's; I smiled at her apologetic look. I knew she would give anything to change me back from I had become. I went and stood by the Cullen's as did Leah when she was paired with her group, she looked less than happy with being paired with shifters, I smiled weakly at her. I may agree with who we have been paired with, does not mean we have to like it Leah's voice resounded in my head, she caused me to smile properly and we continued to talk in our heads which helped us ignore the admiration in others faces, also it helped us not have to talk to the people we were paired with. Whoa whose the hottie? Leah asked. I looked over at her, and she nodded towards Sarah. I turned and looked; the golden glow showed he was a Dragon. "I will pledge myself to your protection, and the protection of others" he said, nodding respectively. Me and Leah both tried to hide our giggles as Sarah indeed told him where to stick it. As all the groups had been decided, the Queen and her daughter decided only another night was safe with this amount of power under one protection spell. Me, Leah and Sarah took all the groups and taught them the spell once everyone knew it by heart it was declared that everyone should rest for the various journeys everyone would have to take soon. When the one person I was trying to avoid appeared. "I need to speak to you" He said. Leah was stood with me, she glared at him clearly taking an immediate dislike to him even without knowing the full extent of our joined past. "That is no way to speak to someone of a higher rank than you" she bristled her features ruffled. Edward paused, bowed his head. "Please may I speak with you?" he asked, I looked desperately at Leah, begging with my eyes for her not to go. You need closure, kick him in the balls Leah's mental laughter made me smile as she walked away. Damn you straight to the inferno I cursed her, as me and Edward walked towards the gardens. "I can hear your voice in Leah's head" Edward commented. "I still cannot hear you, It's nice to finally hear your mental voice" he sighed. I didn't say anything I didn't owe him anything. "If I knew this was going to happen to you I would never have left especially not now" He said. As far as I'm concerned I no longer loved him, my heart was ice and there was no room for love. "Bella, I was lying when I said I no longer loved you, the volturi was moving in on us and as far as I was concerned I was keeping you safe by leaving" Edward said. "I never meant for you to become this" He said, looking down he had not once looked in my now purple eyes. "I understand why you left. At first obviously I didn't I endured the six days of pain to become this, I do not see it as a bad thing. You may not pass your self-loathing ways of your transformation onto mine. I see it as a gift as I found Sarah, she put me back together and the last fifty years I have learnt to control my powers and now am stronger than ever. I see no further point in us continuing this conversation. I will see you tomorrow promptly at dawn" I said, turned on my heel and walked away. I did not want him to see my tears, I never wanted anyone to see my tears, Leah and Sarah were the two who did their best to make by thoughts disappear; they were the ones who rocked me to sleep after a particular bad nightmare and I was crying hysterically. I got to the room that me and Leah were sharing , I shut the door and leaned against it, sank to my knees and cried, I cried so much I didn't know if I was ever going to stop. I hadn't cried in the last twenty five years. I may have understood why he left but that did not explain as to why my nightmares came, It didn't explain as to how he could leave me heart broken in the forest a mere human who was so prone to accidents could clearly and easily get hurt. Nothing was easily explained. The next morning, I watched as the sun started to rise, the sky multiple colours reds and gold's, this particular plane was extremely beautiful. I had absolutely next to no sleep and knew the journey was not going to start well. Alice, Jasper and Edward were already there. I saw Sarah there, who glared icily at her mother before she approached me. Looks like I was not the only one who had a crappy evening beforehand. Sarah embraced me. She glared at the Cullen's. "You know what you have to do?" she asked, I nodded. "You have everything you might need?" she asked. I nodded again. "This is going to be the first time we will be parted since I found you" Again I nodded, the lump forming in my throat. "I'm going to miss you child." She embraced me again. "Sing to the mother every night and through her we shall be connected, we will see each other again" She whispered. "See you soon" I whispered through the tears. She moved my hair behind one of my ears. "Be safe" she said as I turned and ran into the dark forest.