and lips parting the thin patch of hair that already glistened with her excitement, passion billowing on their staggered breaths as he began beckoning her secrets and tasting her fruit. Strokes of intent formed with every push of his tongue as he devoured her slowly at first, his pace increasing when a finger re-joined his tongue in the dance against the neediest part of her, spread wide and shuddering as she screamed into the air, her back arching off of the bed. She came in waves that threatened to drown her in the most delicious depths, star-white light pushing out her vision as she began spinning in euphoria. After many moments of silent, boneless-floating bliss, she felt the sensation of Edward's warm lips encircling one nipple while his fingers gently pinched the other. Her legs spread wider to allow him to fit between them, that part of him resting right where she suddenly needed him to be. She gathered her wits enough to tug at Edward's shorts, shouting, "Off, please!" He chuckled against her sensitive skin as he leaned back on his knees, his inked torso towering over her as he brought the waistband over his hips, pulling them under his knees and throwing the shorts into a heap onto the floor. Bella could not get enough of the naked man before her. She sat up to slowly trace the metal studs through his nipples and inked patterns on his chest, an exploration in silence as tension swirled around them. In a move that impressed even her, she took her hand and pushed against his shoulder as she spun along with his movement downward, chest to chest, throwing him off kilter; his back landed on the bed after her surprising show of strength, her legs straddling his waist, a self-satisfied smirk pushing into her right cheek. "Since the moment I saw your picture, I've wanted you, without understanding what wanting was. And now I know exactly what I want, but I don't know how, so you'll have to … help me with this … " Edward smiled in pride, welcoming her assertiveness. Despite her inexperience, she was still willing to take the lead – to be the fearless women who seized her own destiny at every chance. Spread wide and resolute, she angled her hips to allow the wettest part of her to lick at the tip of his rock-hard length, sinking slowly onto it as she swayed minutely above him - the press growing deeper as she stretched to the fill, pushed to the nudge, driving down deep until she was sitting on his hips. She stilled and waited for the burn to subside. He sat up and captured her mouth in a searing kiss, before moaning, "Take me , Bella, everything I have to give." He jostled his hips a little and she realized her own need to move against the friction building within her, caged and straining to escape. Moving his hands to palm her nipples, he squeezed them as they chased the delicious build, their momentum culling the star-shine together as they both came undone, their moans of completion joining their frenzied release as the most beautiful peace settled around them. They knew, in that perfect moment, that their intense connection was only just beginning. And what a beginning it was. Hours later, they lay sated beneath his sheets, the sunlight lingering with dusk as the cooler sea air carried with it blooming promises, caressing the bliss-laden lovers in Edward's bed. Wings outstretched like never before, Bella felt strong and satisfied in the life she'd begun making for herself. Accompanied by the man who loved her and was holding her now, she relished in the knowledge that so many of her dreams had already come true, her secret longings fed and reciprocated through a sacrament of shared body, respect and of love. She knew that in the years to come, they would face new challenges. Marriage. Altering ambitions. A growing family. Yet Bella also felt certain of the happiest future, of a life spent in Edward's arms and surrounded by a wonderful family who valued and loved her – reflecting how she'd also grown to love herself . With that certainty came a joy-bristling reality, a lesson of empowerment seeded in the soil of deepest truth: The secret to happiness would never be to bloom where she was planted. Fearless and embracing the unequivocal potential of her inner strength, she would, instead, always embrace the most powerful choice of all … She would continue to lean into opportunity and seek out the warm sunlight – to plant herself where she bloomed. . . Author's Notes: This story was written after our daughters asked us to watch a re-run of Jill Duggar's wedding special with them. There is a story behind this story, and we have some strong opinions about it all. If you're interested in reading about how this one shot came to be, an explanation can be found at Gothictemptress dot com or through the link on my profile page. Many thanks to our dear friend, Mione21 , for being our Beta, and to Shawna, for sharing her own bible camp experiences from a more fundamentalist standpoint. A special thanks to Nicffwhisperer and CarrieZM for creating and organizing the May to December Romance Contest . You both gave me a way to recapture and channel my creativity once again, and an opportunity for Max and I to collaborate on a story with themes that we both believe in. What a fun journey it's been! To all of the readers who voted for us, favorited and reviewed our anonymous entry in the contest ... you've overwhelmed us with your generosity and support. We thank you! We hope that after reading this one shot, you feel empowered - we also hope that you, the reader, find the strength within yourself to decide to plant yourself where you'll bloom. All our gratitude and well wishes, Becca and Max