her home with me after her grandmother passes. She really needs someone and it kills me not to be able to do anything to help her, so I was thinking maybe she could come live with us?" "That poor girl. I guess it's a sad day for everyone. I'm glad your such a good friend Isabella to give up your time like this. Of course she can come back! Did you have time to pack anything?" "I only brought a small bag, I was in a hurry. I have only just got the plane ticket and I'm waiting now, I really wish I could of waited for you but I wanted to get to her as quick as possible." "That's fine sweetie, I'm just glad you told me and gave me a good explanation, plus your 18 now so I cant stop you anyway, not that I would. You know, I like Pierre, she was like a second daughter to me!" "Thanks Daddy! I love you!" "Love you too honey. Be safe!" "I will." When I hung up the phone she noticed Alice staring at her. "What!" I snapped. "That was a really good excuse! When did you learn to lie?" Alice asked her. I just rolled my eyes and turned away 'I wish I was lying' she thought sadly. "Your dad still calls you Bella!" Alice said suddenly. "Yes that's because he's my father. He brought me into this world! He can call me whatever the hell he likes and I wouldn't care" I said checking my painted black finger nails. "Oh," Alice said "Urm, the family is already in Italy trying to stop Edward from doing it... I have a feeling that will only speed him up though, he can't hear your thoughts, so you will have an advantage and when he see's you he should snap out of it." "Fine" I grunted. It was like that the whole plane journey and car ride. Alice kept repeating the plan over and over. She was saying it again, when I snapped. "Okay Alice I get it!" I hissed rubbing my temples trying to soothe the oncoming headache. 'I knew I shouldn't have gone straight to the vodka.' I inwardly groaned feeling my hangover kicking the inside of my skull. "Okay, here we are. Get ready to run" Alice told me. "Wait, what? I ain't running for no one!" I told the pixie sitting beside me. "Well your going to have to! Go now! Remember where I told you to go?" "How could I bloody forget" I snapped. "Then run." "FINE!" I shouted before I took off; I was slowed down by people covered in red cloaks as I was trying my best to push past the fuckers. 'Stupid festival, stupid people, stupid VAMPIRES!' I mentally screamed as I ran to the fountain, I saw the 109 year old virgin standing in the doorway getting ready to step out. "Don't you dare!" I yelled at him making many people stare at me, I glared at them. 'Great more fucking running' I thought as I sped toward him, jumping on him seconds before he stepped out into the sun. "I said don't you dare! Move you fucking JACKASS!" I yelled in his ear. "Bella?" He whispered. "Don't call me that you prick! Get the fuck out of the sun." Edward wrapped his arms around me and smashed his lips to mine, stepping out of the sun. I started smacking him on the chest screaming "Get the fuck off me!" I tried to yell while he was attacking my lips with his lips. He finally stopped when someone cleared their throat in front of us but I was too angry to care. "What the fuck do you think you are doing you prick! Did I say you could kiss me? No! Did I fucking say you could touch me. Do it again and I will make you wish you weren't immortal!" I growled at him. "Watch your mouth Bella" Edward replied calmly. "Oh fuck no!" I said advancing towards him with a sneer on my face just as one of the cloaked figures grabbed me. "Lets not break a fist shall we" a female voice said. "I think I like her dude! Where did you snatch this one up?" the tall burly one asked Edward, making him growl. "Felix don't be mean to the poor kitten, he had just been reunited with his love" another figure said with sarcasm clear in his voice. "HA! Like hell! The day I become his 'Love' is the day hell freezes over and pigs learn how to fly" I told them. "Your right Felix, I like her as well. Its a shame she will have to die soon" the female voice said. Edward growled at her "Wow, doesn't that just make me feel warm and fuzzy on the inside" I said sarcastically "and Edward, stop growling you sound like a rabid dog and believe me, it's an insult to all dogs!" Felix and the other two vampires started laughing. "Oh, please can we keep her Jane?" Felix asked the female with a puppy dog face. "It's not up to me." she told him. "Demetri?" He turned to the other vampire. "Don't ask me!" Felix just pouted as Alice showed up. "Shall we get going then? The Masters are waiting for you." Demetri told them pleasantly. "Like hell! Bella go to the festival" Edward told her. "Fuck off! You don't get to tell me what to do any more!" I said as I walked over to Jane and held out my arm "Shall we m'lady?" "We shall m'dear," Jane giggled before taking my arm and walking us out of the throne room. "Well that's a first" Felix said before walking off and following the two girls, leaving Demetri to push the gob smacked Edward and Alice through the castle. . . HOPE YOU ENJOYED THE FIRST CHAPTER! PLEASE TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK! R&R! GOLDEN HAIRED PRONGSLET