and I hug her while squealing. "But no more of that damn squealing." "Okay, I'll get what we need." I say. I jump up and run to my room to get some tea light candles, a lighter and a pen and paper while Leah and Ange brainstorm about the spell. I can only find three tea lights but it's one each so it's enough. I run back down stairs, tripping over myself a few times in my partially drunken and just general clumsy state but I make it back to the girls all in one piece. I sit back down on the mattresses and dump everything I collected in the middle of our triangle and Leah grabs the pen and paper. "Okay so Ange has apparently watched Charmed way too much and she thinks we should start with the lines, 'hear these words, hear our cry'. What do you think?" Leah says, all the while writing those two lines down. I think about them for a second and then mutter them out loud. "Hear these words, hear our cry." As I say them aloud the next line pops into my head. "Spirits from the Quileute tribe. Does that fit?" I ask and Ange grins at me. "Yeah, it sounds good and it honours Leah." Leah grimaces but writes it down. Angela seems to be mulling it over for a moment and then she grins. "The next lines have to state what we want so how about, plain and simple, 'give us powers, bless us three', we'd just need one more line to finish it off." I grin back at her and Leah writes it down. "What do you think of the last line being 'bless us for eternity'?" Leah asks and I nod enthusiastically. "It rhymes just right." I say and Ange giggles. "I can't believe we just wrote a spell." She says with another giggle, which makes me giggle. "Well if we're going to say the spell then I think we should get off the mattress before lighting the candles." Leah says, so we move off the mattress and onto the kitchen floor. It's cold and we giggle a little more at the feeling of the coldness on our skin. Okay, so maybe we were more drunk than I first thought. We sit in a circle and Leah's about to light her candle when I stop her. "They always burn it." "What?" Ange and Lee ask me, both confused. "The spell, the written copy of the spell." They still have no idea what I'm talking about and I wonder for a brief moment if they're simple, because I think it's obvious what I'm talking about, but apparently not, so I elaborate. "In Charmed when they write their own spells they burn the written copy to give the spell more power." "That's a great idea!" Angela exclaims and she jumps up to grab a bowl from a cupboard. She sits back down in her place in our triangle and puts the bowl in the very middle of us, with each of our tea lights directly in front of each of us. "I think if we've all got a candle each then we should all have our own copy to burn." Leah says, so I write the spell onto a piece of paper and Ange writes the spell onto a piece of paper and Leah goes to light her candle again. "Wait." Ange stops her which makes Leah roll her eyes at being stopped again. "Maybe we should have a practice round of saying it, to get into rhythm with each other." "We should definitely do that." I say, nodding my head enthusiastically, and even though she doesn't want to, Leah agrees. We try it out once and we're really out of sync with each other so we do it again and even though it's still bad Leah's clearly getting annoyed so we agree to just do it. Leah lights her candle, then I do and then Angela does and once the candles are lit the whole atmosphere changes. I can't explain it, we just all got really serious and with a deep breath each and no real indication from anyone, we all starting chanting perfectly in sync. " Hear these words, Hear our cry, Spirits from the Quileute Tribe, Give us powers, Bless us three, Bless us for eternity." With the last line we all put our paper over our candles and they caught fire. We put them each into the bowl and they burnt out faster than I thought was possible. When the last piece of paper was burnt a gust of wind blew through the room, blowing the candles out and all the lights in the house flickered for a moment before going out. I jumped at the sudden darkness, even the TV had turned off. Ange let out a nervous giggle as I gripped for the lighter to try and light the tea lights again. "Probably just the fuses." Leah speaks, totally unbothered by the darkness, stupid wolf eyesight, as she gets up and goes to check the fuse box. Somehow even in complete darkness I manage to get my tea light lit again. We stay quiet for the next few moments and breathe a sigh of relief as all the lights and the TV flick back on and Leah comes out of the basement. "Like I said, just the fuses." I nod and we all laugh. "That was crazy timing though." Angela says and we all share another laugh. "Yeah, really crazy timing." We clear away the candles and the bowl with the remains of the paper and I put the pen and the rest of the paper into a kitchen junk draw and we go back to watching Charmed and drinking vodka, although it's not long before we're all falling asleep with magic and spells and witchcraft on our minds. That was the first chapter of The Witches, let me know what you think! GB!