It was the best kiss in my life. When she pulled away, she went limp in my arms. Ah, shit! I imprinted on Jakes friend. He would be mad at me… but then it's not like I can control it. She was steadily getting colder as I jogged towards La push. She wasn't heavy but having to carry her for sixty miles wasn't light either. This was going to be my best workout. She's the werewolf but she was too cold. This could be fatal to us. She was warming slightly where she was touching my bare skin. I started running faster as the rain fell at a quicker rate. It took me ten minutes to get over the border; I had to keep to the forest. Until a police car pulled up beside me. " Yo, Sam!" My partner called. "You're not dragging her into the forest to never be seen again?" she chuckled. I ran over to the police car. " She's freezing I found her walking in the woods, I was looking for her. She's a good friend of mine. Can you take me to Jacobs?" I asked him. He nodded. I got into the back and he put the heat up to full blast. He was not part of the pack but I knew he soon would be. " Is she gonna be okay?" Seth asked. I nodded at him as he looked at me in the rear-view mirror. I stroked her face. " I hope so," I whispered. Her eyes were moving underneath her eyelids. I sighed, and started rubbing my boiling hands on her ice-cold arms. " How good of friends are you?" Seth asked, I looked up at him; and smiled sheepishly. "does she know?" he asked, racing towards Jakes with the lights on. I was confused as I still tried to create friction on her arms to warm her up. " know what?" I asked. He laughed as he parked. " that you love her?" my forehead creased as Jacob wheeled Billy onto their porch. I threw open the door. I was exhausted I had ran her most of the way. My arms were protesting every movement. Nevertheless I picked her up, and swung around to face Jacob. " You imprinted?" Billy asked after checking that Seth wasn't overhearing. I nodded and carried the perfect stranger into Billy's house. " Is that bella?" Jacob called. I kept walking as Seth came in too. " We have to get her warm Jake, she was in the woods in this ridicules white dress. It wasn't enough to keep her warm." Jake stood there, dumbfounded that his friend was passed out. "Come on help me," I threw a blanket at him. "Idiot" I quickly had her wrapped up and was hugging her to try and keep body heat constant for her. She was starting to get slight colour back in her cheeks. " Shouldn't we get her to the hospital?" I shook my head. Billy started to talk to him and usher him out. "I'll come round tomorrow to see if everything's alright" Seth called. He was a good kid. " who was it?" Jacob asked, suspiciously. I looked up at him questioningly, I stopped my warming minutely. "who did you imprint on?" I sighed, that one movement and he could tell I was exhausted. " I saw Bella in the airport. She walked straight past me, I assumed she was not your friend. I soon left realising everyone from her flight had already left so I did too. Heading for the forest to scout. I saw this snow white wolf, and charged thinking it was some dum wolf near our land. She ran into the bush and came out in human form. She said she was cold and started to collapse I caught her. In the airport I saw these thread type things weaving around the both of us and knot us together." I explained. Billy was in deep thought. I looked up at Jacob. "I'm sorry mate, I know she's your friend but I can't help it and you know that" he did, as he had imprinted on Emily. He nodded and he too hugged Bella on her other side. Billy then spoke up. " you saw threads?" he asked. I nodded. "Hmmm, Jake what was it like when you imprinted?" he asked. I looked over at him, then looked down at Bella, she seemed so delicate but she was so beautiful. " Like the focus of my whole universe, shifted and she was all I could see" Jacob sighed thinking of Emily. " Well that happened, but it was like two sets of threads from each of us reached out and knotted us together, I mean there were people in-between us, they were just walking through the treads. I couldn't see anything other than her." I explained. Billy nodded and said something about going to talk to the elders. " I know you man, but if you ever hurt her. It won't stop me from killing you myself" Jacob said. I knew and he knew that what he was saying wouldn't ever work out as I was his alpha; and it would hurt Bella in the long run. " I wouldn't worry about that, I have this instinctual need to protect her. Like she's mine and no-one else is allowed to know all her secrets, no-one is allowed to make her smile, no-one else is allowed to touch her… I've never felt this way before. Is it the imprint?" I asked him. He was looking at me seriously, I was always used to seeing Jacob's smile so I was interested that he was good at doing both. " I felt like that at first but not quite that strongly, maybe it has something with both of you being wolves" Jacob wondered out loud. We sat there in silence for what felt like hours until we both fell asleep. Bella in between us.