represents my life in a way… I have gone through a lot, and I've still managed to come out of it alive. I closed my eyes and sang to the end of the song. When Edward hit the last note, there was a bang of applause. I smiled, shyly and grabbed my music from a stunned Edward. I then went and sat at the back. Soon the bell went, and everyone was talking about my recording. Apparently my friend Angela had been recording it… I may have to talk to her. I walked into the toilet before going to the canteen, no wait lunch queue; that's what people call it here. I entered a cubicle, and not but a couple seconds later I heard some others enter. Who must it be but Lauren? She was bitching about someone. Not wanting to be rude, and make it look like I was eavesdropping, I was about to open the door. " that stupid bitch Bella Swan" that of course, made me stop. "she's stealing my man!" I heard Lauren fake sob. " If you think about it Lauren, he's not actually your man… so you really don't have to be upset" Angela said, as I heard her walk into the stall next to mine. I whooped for. " What's that supposed to mean?" Lauren hissed. I almost laughed. " It means, you have no right to be upset" Angela said. I had to put a hand over my mouth to stop from laughing. Lauren changed track. " what does he see in her anyway?" now this got me thinking. I didn't really talk to guys, so I didn't know who I was 'stealing' "he's always looking at her" Lauren continued. " she is really pretty" Jess? She actually stuck up for me? I have new respect for her. "and she has an amazing voice, we just heard her in music" Jess continued. " What is with you two? Your supposed to be my friend" Lauren sniffled. I heard Ang flush the chain and walk out. " just because we're your friends doesn't mean we can't be her friend" Ang defended. I decided I'd heard enough. " well, I think she's a two faced slut" Lauren said haughtily. " Lauren think about it, who in the world would she have slept with? She doesn't even talk to boys" Jess laughed. I flushed the chain and opened the door to my stall. They were all looking over. I smiled at all of them. " Hello ladies" I said as I walked to the sink. Jess and Angela looked like deer caught in headlights. Lauren looked annoyed. I turned to Lauren with wet hands as she was standing by the dryer. She wouldn't move. "who exactly is your man?" I asked, her eyes narrowed. "sorry, I just wanted to know who I was stealing" I said nonchalantly. But when I walked near to her I saw her glance at my wet hands think about her straightened hair and moved. I grinned to myself. I walked out, and glanced back at her and saw her fuming. I was secretly celebrating. I walked into the canteen, saw where we normally sit and grabbed the spare chair. Em and Rose were sucking face. Alice was just staring at them. She didn't even look at me when I sat down. I stared at her. " Hey pervert" I greeted, she cracked a smile as she turned a playful glare but ended up smiling again. She just shook her head. " These two have been kissing for five minutes. Not even surfaced for air" Alice observed. We both watched for about two minutes. I just laughed and got my food out of my bag. When the finally breathed, they looked over. " Bella?" Emmet asked. I looked up. "when did you get here?" he asked incredulous. I rolled my eyes, and gave him a teasing smile. " while you were eating Rose's face" I snickered. Rose just laughed while Em did have the decency to go a little pink. " Yo! Ma man!" I heard Jaspers southern drawl call out. Em turned. " Yeah mate" us girls turned and kept our heads down. Jasper and Edward were the schools favourite bachelors, there was an uproar when Rose stole Ems heart. There would be a full out riot if we were seen to even talk to him. Alice had been in love with the man since first year, or year seven as they call it. Or so Rose said. I saw Edward behind him. These three had been friends forever according to Emmet. Em used to sit with them, but when he and Rose got together it was every other day as it was un-cool for them to hang out with us. " there are no other free seats" Jasper called out. Em waved them over. Jasper sat next to Alice and Edward sat opposite me. I was whispering to Alice, the whole ideal in the toilet, trying not to draw attention to myself. " Hey, Bells" Rose cried in complaint. "I wanna know about the bitchy scene you just happened to be in" Rose whined. I sighed and started telling everyone. I had Alice and Rose in laughter. Em looked proud that I stuck up for myself. " I really wanna know who her 'man' is, I mean I hardly talk to anyone… so how can I steal anyone" I stated. Everyone looked thoughtful. " Well who stares at you?" Em asked, I looked up at him just quick enough to see his eyes jump to Edward then back, then realised that I had caught him look at Edward. I looked over at Edward. He looked a bit pink and sheepish. I cocked my head, he glanced up at me and just looked away. I soon changed the subject my American accent standing out amongst all the other English ones. We were soon all laughing and having a good time.