wasn't the only difference. He stood farthest from me, yet I could tell he was slightly taller than the other two men. He was looking down towards Emmett and the fussing lady with detached annoyance. Then he spoke. "I'll be outside." He turned towards the door and started walking. The man in sunglasses turned his head after him, then turned to look at the first man. The blonder man told him, "I'll take care of this." This seemed to give Sunglasses confirmation as he nodded and trailed after the brown-haired man who was standing outside on his cell phone. He had managed to put on his own sunglasses. And I had to admit, he looked like an ad for sunglasses or cell phones or suits standing in the sunlight like that. His dark brown hair seemed to glow in the sun's rays and reflect a much more brilliant color than I saw seconds before. And when his friend joined him outside, I couldn't help feeling somewhat in awe at their hotness. I was a sucker for men in nice suits. Then I turned my attention to a man in a suit who was much closer. "Lauren, will you take Emmett to the car?" he said to the woman. "Of course," she managed to answer. She tried to gently put her hands on Emmett's shoulders to help him to his feet from his chair, but he rebuffed her attempts. He brushed her hands off and stood on his own. She looked nervously to the blonde man and then to me. I felt sorry for her. I could tell she was a pretty woman, though she didn't look it at the moment. Her hair was in a tousled ponytail and her makeup was wearing off. She had tried to dress nicely, I saw, but inappropriately for a caregiver of a small child. I assumed she was some sort of sitter or teacher since Emmett had not mentioned a sister. Whether Emmett was telling the truth about his parents being dead, I didn't think Lauren was his mother because she seemed too young and too scared of her own sons, if one of these three men was Emmett's brother. Emmett gave me one last glare as he passed by, and I said with just a little bit of glee as I waved, "Bye, kiddo." I was surprised he didn't say anything else to me before he left with the poor woman trailing after him. I figured he himself was too afraid of his brother and the men to retaliate in front of them. The man turned to me and said, "Thank you again, Ms…?" "Bella," I answered. "Just Bella is fine." "Bella," he gave the slightest of smiles and I thought him handsomer. "I hope Emmett wasn't too much trouble." "Not at all," I politely lied. I peered past this man who I realized hadn't given me his name in return, and I saw the two men outside in sunglasses saying something to each other. Then Emmett, Lauren, and the blonde man walked down the street till I couldn't see them from inside the café, leaving the dark-haired man by himself. I looked back in front of me to realize the blonder man had taken out his wallet. He pulled out a twenty and put it down on the table next to the cups. "Let me get you your change, Mr…?" It was my turn to use his trick. "Jasper," he smiled, fully this time. I think I sighed quietly. "Just Jasper is fine. And I don't need change, thank you." "Thank you," I couldn't help smiling back at him, and not just because of the tip he was leaving me. "Well, goodbye, Bella. It was nice to meet you." "Same," I said back. And I immediately regretted not saying something that required more words. He left to join his friend outside, who promptly got off the phone again. They exchanged a few words and they walked away in the direction the others went before. I stood there looking outside for a few more seconds, then collected the dishes and the twenty on the tray and walked toward the counter where Eric was waiting for me eagerly. I stayed in front of the counter like a customer while Eric was behind and I passed the tray to him. His eyes were starry-eyed and wide. "Oh my god. Next time a kid comes in, I'm serving him," he said. I laughed. "It was like a frigging GQ shoot in here." Now that it was the two of us again I could let down my cool demeanor. "I know, right! God, did you see them outside in the sunlight?" "I think I went blind a little," he said. "So which one's the brother? Or were they all his brothers? Tell me they were all brothers. Can you imagine that family photo?" "I don't know," I shrugged. "He only mentioned one brother, singular. I'm assuming it was the one I was talking to. Though it could be the one with dark hair, like him, I guess. I don't know," I repeated. "But he was outside the whole time." "Yeah, beats me," I shook my head. "Your guess is as good as mine." "They didn't tell you anything?" he prodded. "Nope," I popped the 'p.' "Just the guy I talked to, his name is Jasper." Eric made a short moaning sound. "Even his name is cool." I smiled. He picked up the twenty dollar bill and snapped it between his hands. He rang up the bill for the drinks and croissant and put the rest in the tip jar, while I put the dirty dishes away to be cleaned. Then we spent the rest of the work day in between serving customers and cleaning up inventing names for the other two mystery men. We came up with quite a few, including Charles Chesterton Chesterfield III, Maximilian Millionaire, and Monty Moneybags. All in all, a very productive day.