"I love them, but are you sure?" he questioned. "I'm willing to stay, but if it gets too scary, could we leave?" she anxiously asked. "Of course, I don't want you to have nightmares." They took their seats in the middle of the row and the lights dimmed. For about twenty minutes there were nonstop screams and flinches from the audience. Isabella couldn't take it anymore. She just turned toward Edward and kept her eyes closed. Her pulse went so fast from the horrific movie; the closeness to him had no added affect. A bit uncomfortable with the weight on his shoulder, he put his arm around her. That's when he caught her scent again. He just stared at her under his arm. He couldn't hold on to his urges any longer. He lifted her chin and went for a kiss. She instantly pulled away. Her face was contorted with disgust. She got up and mumbled "excuse me's" to the other occupants of the row. Sniffs between her words implied she was crying. "Isabella," he whispered before following her out. He spotted her sitting on a bench. Tears were rolling down her face. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry," he kept repeating. He knelt down in front of her to see her face. It was staring straight ahead and was expressionless. "I know we are following a hands-off friendship policy. I don't know what came over me." Isabella just shook her head, got up, and walked out the exit without looking back. He stood and paced back and forth, rubbing his hand to his forehead. "I'm so dumb," he cursed himself. ._. That week Edward gave Isabella her space, but it didn't appear she was even around. He suspected she had barricaded herself in her bedroom. He called her number, but Angela answered. "Hey, this is Edward Masen. I was wondering if Isabella is okay? I haven't seen her around." "She hadn't spoken or even left the room since she came home from the movies. I don't understand what's wrong with her. I couldn't even get her to go to the doctor. Was the movie so bad?" "We ended up watching something else, but I may have ... Is it possible you could allow me to talk to her?" he reluctantly asked. "I just told you she's not speaking. What did you?" "Just tell her I'm sorry." "Maybe you should tell her in person," Angela suggested. ._. On Friday Edward knocked on Isabella's door and Angela answered. "How is she?" "Still silent. At the moment she's in the bathroom. I need to get to class." She turned to the door and knocked. "Bells, I need to go, but Edward is here. Should I make him leave?" Isabella opened the door slowly, her clothes completely drenched in water. "No." "Isabella?" "I'm fine," she assured her friend. "Go to class." Angela nodded and walked into the outer corridor. She gave Edward a stern look. "You better keep your hands to yourself." Then she left. There was a puddle forming on the floor. "Are you sure you're okay?" "Yeah. I needed to do the laundry and take a shower. This is what my messed up brain came up with." Isabella began to shiver. "Oh." He grabbed the towel that was hanging and extended it to wrap around her. "No, no!" She pulled away. "I could do it myself." She took the towel from him and wrapped her shivering body. "I can't stand to be touched. It makes me uncomfortable." "What? You mean if anyone touches you?" "No, just males." "Oh." "That's why I don't date. My heart, my stomach, all my insides go haywire." "That does sound uncomfortable. Is there a reason or were you always like that?" He tried to be understanding, but his curiosity was stronger. "When I was thirteen my parents split up. My mom started dating again and the men that came around—" "Oh." He stopped her. "Enough said. I'm sorry I didn't mean to bring up bad memories. It's just, I really like you." Her stomach knotted up and she began to massage it. "This goes against my better judgment." "What does?" "I kind of like you back." "You do?" He smiled and it seemed like his eyes lit up, but then dimmed. "But this 'no contact' thing ..." "Well, it's not like I don't ever want to be touched, it's more like I need to prepare," she explained. "Right. I'm not going to wait forever, am I?" Isabella lifted her hand to touch his, but her insides balled up and she dropped her limb. "I'll work on it." "While you do that, how about you and me go to the carnival tomorrow? There's one being set up by the canyon." She took a deep breath. "Okay." About an hour later, Angela came back and saw Isabella sitting on the couch, lost in thought. She smiled at her approach. "You better?" she asked. "Yeah." "So what happened?" "We talked it out. He likes me." "Do you like him?" "Yeah we have a date planned out, but …" "But what?" "Well the last time we were alone he kissed me." "Is that what happened? What do you expect? You were on a date." "No, we weren't." "Yes you were. Both of you are unattached and were together alone in the dark movie theater. And, you obviously like each other. It was a date whether you admit it or not." Isabella pouted. "Guys expect things and Edward won't be any different." "What does that mean?" "It means, whatever is going on with you, is going to complicate things. Keep it simple. If you can't get over your problem, don't string him along. It could end up hurting both of you." Isabella nodded. "When did you get so deep?" "Hey, I have my moments." A/N: So what do you think? Better? Worse? I left the old story up for comparison. It is titled "The important Touch." I like this title better.