Carlisle could not escape bittersweet thoughts of her. They had not spoken—not since she left. He should have resented what voyeuristic contact he'd had, should have resented that her Facebook page and blog postings proved that her life had gone on and that his role had barely been a blip on her radar. Should have resented the letter that arrived in the mail three days later—a cowardly, apologetic goodbye. But he didn't resent her—not really. After all, he'd known she would break his heart…or rather, that he would break his own. He'd been far down the road of admiring her, respecting her, revering her, before they had even met. He couldn't have honestly expected her feelings to equal his—not in a month, maybe not even in a year. He'd known it would end like this, but he'd taken what he could get. They were halfway up their stretch of beach when Cujo stopped his leisurely sniffing and broke out in a barking run back toward the house. When Carlisle got closer, he saw a dark figure on the back porch. He kept his slow pace, disbelieving his eyes as long dark hair and bitten lips came into focus. Watching him with unreadable eyes was the one person he wanted most to see again, but never expected to—it was Bella. He never once slowed his pace, wanting to make this moment last—before, he hadn't been given the chance to memorize her lovely face. He'd planned to take some photos during their last days together, but never got the chance. But now he'd take the time to drink her in. He'd remember her as she was at that moment, all windblown loveliness and pale wintry skin, before she said whatever it was she'd come to say. "I missed you too, boy…" Carlisle heard her say softly to Cujo, her voice carried on the wind. Yet, by the time Carlisle climbed his steps, her eyes were fixed back on him. They stared at each other, so meaningfully, for moments with things that had not been spoken, the same things which, before, neither had dared to speak. Should he say them now? Carlisle wondered. Should it ever be told at all? Before he was forced to decide, she graced him with her voice. "Hot off the presses," she said, reaching behind her for a small bag, which she handed to Carlisle to inspect. He knew its contents the moment he reached in. A lump rose in his throat as he pulled it out. He felt it was one of the most beautiful objects he'd ever seen. Pride surged through him as a photo he'd taken, in his kitchen on his china graced the cover. " Cooking with Love: A Tribute to Your Mother's Italian Kitchen" by Isabella Swan Photos by Carlisle Cullen He touched the book softly, carefully, like the precious thing that it was, both cherishing it and afraid that if he opened it he might break down completely. He couldn't believe what she'd done. "Will you sign it for me, please?" She shook her head tightly. "Just open it," she commanded gently. "Read the dedication." To Carlisle, for teaching me the most important ingredient "I will treasure this, Bella," he uttered finally, bringing his eyes to hers. "Forever." "I didn't want to sign it yet," she whispered, her eyes misting over. "It felt too much like goodbye." He warned himself not to hope. "And you don't want that?" he asked in a measured voice. Her face crumpled a little when she looked down and shook her head. "You don't know how sorry I am, Carlisle. I never wanted to hurt you. At the time, I told myself I was doing what was best for you, but I should've trusted you to make your own choice. Leaving like that was so such a shitty thing to do. I couldn't handle it all, so I just…ran." Bella seemed focused on the past, but Carlisle cared only about one thing. He stepped towards her, closing the space between them, bringing a cool finger to her warm, soft cheek, no longer able to watch her cry without wiping away her tears. "Is that why you're here, darling? To apologize? To give me a copy of your book?" He had to know—did she want to mend fences or did she want to come home? "I couldn't eat…" she gasped softly, eyes low an ashamed, "…couldn't sleep without you. I thought it wouldn't work if we tried…but trying to live without you is the only thing I really couldn't do. I'm so fucked up. I don't know how to be in a good relationship. Until you…I'd always felt alone." She looked up at him then, a new spark in her eyes—that familiar determination. "Tell me what to do, Carlisle. Tell me if there's even a snowball's chance in hell you'll take me back. I'll quit my job. We'll travel together. We'll—" He cut her words off with a kiss. First her lips, then her tears, then he nuzzled at her neck, as he pulled her close into his arms. Lips close to her ear, he whispered, "Isabella, shut the fuck up," before kissing her again and ushering her inside. o/o/o/o/o Author's Note: So, there you have it—I didn't want to write a fic about a curvaceous Bella with low self esteem. I wanted to write a Bella who needed no convincing as to how bodacious she was, and an homage to the many, many men who like a woman with a little meat on her bones. As many of you have probably figured out, my title is a play on "Nigella Bites" in honor of chef Nigella Lawson, who proudly embraces her curvaceous bodaciousness. Thanks for reading. Voting is Open! If you'd like to vote for "Isabella Bites" in the Curvaceous Bodacious contest, please go ahead and vote at fanfiction – dot –net – slash – u – slash – 2729331 – slash – CurvaceousAndBodacious# ( .net/u/2729331/CurvaceousAndBodacious# )