shirt out of my hands. She rolls over to my side and lays on her back. "Yes!" She says and waves the shirt in the air. But before she can sit back up, I get roll on top of her and I let my whole body stay there. I try to take the shirt away again, but Bella continues to fight me off. My face is hovering over her's and we are both breathing hard and laughing. In the back of my mind I know that the door is closed. And I am very aware of the position that we are in. And I know that I've a chance to do what I think I've wanted to do ever since I closed that door. I press my lips against Bella's. Her lips are soft and warm. And my body is on fire. I've never kissed anyone before. So I can feel every part of me jumping up and down for joy. My head literally feels like it might fall off my shoulders and my hands are sweating and shaking. I finally lift myself up and break the kiss. I stare at Bella and see that she's looking at me in a weird way. Her face is completely a ghostly white and she looks shocked. I now know that I have definitely crossed the lines between us being becoming good girlfriends and me wanting her to be my girlfriend. And suddenly I am very scared. I begin to think about what she will do now that I have kissed her out of nowhere. Will she scream and cause everyone that is in the living room to rush into my room? I know that I didn't lock the door. What will happen when my mom finds out that I'm in here kissing while my dad's memorial is going on? What will happen when she finds out that I've kissed a girl at that? What will she do? I've never thought about how homosexuality is viewed here on the Rez. Will I be kicked off the basketball team? Will Bella's dad and the other Rez guys try to beat me up for trying to force myself on his innocent Bella? I am immediately jump off of the bed. All of these thoughts that I should have thought of before I even allowed myself to kiss a girl that I've just met...instantly tryst through my mind. "I'm sorry!" I say to her quickly and I keep repeating it over and over again. I watch as Bella lifts herself up into a sitting position on the bed. She looks dazed and confused. And I suddenly wonder if she really is going to scream or try to attack me for forcing her into a lesbian kiss. Tears start to build in my eyes. Because I don't know what is wrong with me. I just wish that my dad was here to explain it all to me and tell me that I'll be okay. But that is selfish coming from a girl that just had her first kiss at her dad's memorial. "Leah," Bella says my name. She stands up off of the bed and walks over to me. I don't know what she is going to do. Slap me or punch me. Either one I deserve. But instead she crosses her arms. A wall. A shield. It is worse than a slap or a punch to the face. That cross of her arms means that all of the feelings I've built up for Bella in this past hour and the kiss that I just gave her...it is all unrequited. "It's fine. Let's just..." She fumbles for her words and her eyes meet the ground, "I didn't know you like squirrels." At least that last part is what I think I hear her say, because she mumbles it. "What?" I ask her. Bella looks up at me and her face is red once again. "I didn't know you liked girls. Otherwise I would have just...changed in the bathroom..." She said. I feel like I've just been punched in the face. Even though I shouldn't. So I'm that girl now. The big scary dike that every girl has to be afraid of when they go into the locker room. I guess I should accept it seeing as though I've learned something new about myself. The fact that I might be attracted to girls. This changes things a lot for when I go back to school. I'll be the fatherless lesbian. But I have to accept both of those adjectives. It's my turn to look down at the floor. "No. I'm sorry I jumped on you," I say. I look at Bella and pull on my pony tail. Bella blushes and looks away. "It's fine," She says and I watch as she quickly gathers the shirt that is on the bed and pulls it over her head. Then she pulls the pants that were on the floor up and over her legs and waist. What seemed to take so long at first has just been finished in ten seconds. I realize now that the right mood can make you feel like you are living in eternity. I walk over to my closet and open it up to fish out a pair of flats for Bella to wear. I hand them to her, but she doesn't even meet my eyes. I suddenly realize that this is how it will be. I watch as she folds her dress and then throws it across her arm. She grabs those heels that she could barely walk in and slips on my flats. "Thanks," She says quietly. And before she leaves my room, she looks up at me with her brown eyes and says, "And again I'm sorry about your dad". She shuts the door on the way out. Sometimes I think that I am stupid to believe that I don't need anyone in this world. But that is the way that I am.