was either swept down over their shoulders or pulled up into a messy bun. Bella had never liked long hair on a man before, but for some strange reason, she was digging the Man Bun. The ladies in the audience squealed with delight with each man as he struck a pose at the end of the runway. The energy in the room was so thick still with excitement, Bella was unsure why. Until the last model made his appearance. The room erupted in screams and frantic women. He stood at the head of the runway, wearing a very simple suit of dark blue and a tie. His face too was covered in a well-kept array of facial hair and his hair was slicked back. His hand was buried deep in his pocket, his other clutching the button of his suit jacket. The DJ then switched to a new song, readying the crowd for what's to come. Bella sat up in her chair, taking in the site before her. This was definitely not some ordinary model. He was too masculine and just so damn gorgeous it was almost blinding. She nudged Alice on the arm, "Ali…who on God's great Earth is that?!" Alice looked at her friend as if she were on crack. "Seriously, Bells? Where have you been for the last six months?! Don't you recognize him?!" Bella shook her head. "That's Edward Masen….he's only the most sought out person in the entertainment industry right now. The man is a God! He's a model, an actor, a singer…and Lord knows what else! Isn't he the sexiest thing you've ever seen?" "Yeah…" Bella turned her attention back to the delicious man on stage. He just stood there taking in the sites of all the guests. He smirked at the audience at their crazy behavior. He loved when women admired him in such a way. He then locked eyes with a particular brunette at the end of the runway. She sat there still as a rock, just staring. " Who is that stunning woman…" He wondered to himself. Bella's breath caught in her throat, "Alice…" She nudged her friend. "Alice…I think he's looking at me." Alice looked between the model and Bella, she smirked. "I think you're right, kid..." Alice stood then and shouted to Edward, "Hey, Masen! Do your stuff!" The ladies in the audience screamed their agreement; Edward smirked. Pierre's voice was heard over the microphone then. "Go on, Eddie! Show the ladies what your Mama gave ya, baby!" Edward shrugged his shoulders, if they wanted a show…they were going to get a show. He nodded his head to the DJ, signaling it was time. The sounds of the club filled with an intoxicating beat. Edward unbuttoned his jacket before diving his free hand into his other pocket. He strutted down the runway, emitting such a sexy swagger that only a man with this much confidence was able to muster. Bella's mouth ran dry as she watched the spectacle before her. He owned the runway, letting the women of the audience feast off his masculinity. He got to the end of the runway, his hands jerked in his pocket, making the eyes of the hungry ladies revert their eyes to the prominent outline of his crotch. Bella gasped a bit in her throat; he stood before her, looking down bearing his stare into her soul. He removed his jacket then removed his tie. Bella could see the outline of his muscular arms protruding through the fabric of his white shirt. The man was glorious. He slowly began to unbutton his shirt as the words to Nelly's It's Gettin' Hot in Here played over the speakers. Slowly and torturously, each button was released, revealing the smooth skin under the shirt. The toned body that was perfectly tanned, the deep crevices of his abs and the "V" crease disappearing below his trousers. Skin so delicious, that it begged to be licked. Alice leaned over to Bella, watching her friend's eyes never leaving the site before her. "Oh yeah…did I mention that before he got all famous that he used to work the strip clubs?" Bella couldn't stop staring, "As if that important detail wasn't already made clear, Ali." Alice laughed as she continued to cheer Edward on further along with the rest of the audience. Edward played to the crowd, never taking his eyes off the brown eyed beauty before him. He had to know her. He stepped down off the stage towards her, reaching out for her hand she accepted his. He pulled her to her feet to stand firmly against him. His arms snaked behind her back, pressing her firmly to his rock hard body as he swayed them together to the music. Bella's hands rested on his muscled chest, feeling the hot skin beneath her fingertips. She longed to trace her nails over the taut skin. Edward leaned forward to nuzzle his face to her ear, took her earlobe in his teeth and gently tugged. "After the show, meet me upstairs in my lounge. Will you do that, Suga?" He whispered hotly into her ear. Bella lost her voice as she felt him deep in her soul. His hot breath and silky voice making her squirm. Not knowing he had let her go, she continued to stand there like a drunken idiot. Drunk off of Edward Masen. The performance had ended and he was gone. The audience applauded and Bella rushed off to the stairs towards the back of the club. A/N: Thanks so much for reading :) There will be plans to continue this story on in the future. As of right now, I will be concentrating on my current works and I will update when I feel like I will be extending this more! I also feel that I may re-do this bit in the future as well, I haven't fully decided yet! Anyways my lovelies, thank you for reading and being so supportive of me! -GB