mostly filled with slutty sex-bot type girls who were probably nasty old perverted men on the other side of the screen. That didn't mean there weren't real people on there too. You could tell which profiles were legit and which ones were fake. Sure, Edward was contacted by several girls on that site. A lot of them were entertaining enough for a chat or two, they were sexy enough, but none of them every really kept his attention for periods longer than a week. Until one day, he came across this girl… This girl seemed different. She was from Washington, she had lived all over the country for several years, growing up from her eccentric mother's travels. She had long flowing brown hair and eyes to match. Slim and curvaceous but nothing too drastic. She was extremely good looking. Edward never used the internet to contact people he didn't know, even though his Army buddies kept pushing him to do so. The only people he had to help keep him sane were his family and a few close friends at home, and then his douchebag Army buddies, but it was time for a change. So, instead of being "Sergeant Pussy", as the guys liked to call him, he clicked the message button. He wrote a simple message. Nothing fancy, or too cheesy, he just wrote: " Hey, I saw your page and you're pretty cute. Message me sometime." To make things even more shocking, Edward gave her his cell number! WHAT THE FUCK?! Everyone knows you NEVER give out something so personal as that on the internet. ESPECIALLY to someone you've never even MET before. Edward really must have been crazy….or desperate….or both. About an hour later he got a response back. She had sent him her cell number as well! WHAT THE FUCK WAS UP WITH HER?! Didn't she know the rules too?! Edward couldn't believe it. First he was giving out his number to a total stranger. Then SHE was giving hers in return! They must have BOTH been crazy and desperate. Either way, Edward grabbed his phone with shaky hands, and sent this new mystery girl a text message. That was how Edward Cullen and Bella Swan started a relationship neither of them expected to last. And for about six years the two grew to know each other through text messaging and just a few phone calls. Edward was the best male friend Bella had. And vice versa. They were there for each other through pretty much everything! But never in person. It was clearly obvious to the two of them, that they were extremely attracted to one another. With sexy messages, and maybe a sassy photo or two, sent to each other kept them busy. There were even a few extra sassy phone calls, no it's just too wicked to mention. Let's just say that it left the two breathless, sweating, and more hungry for the other than ever before. Neither of them expected a chance meeting online to last as long as this has! Shoot, both have even had relationships throughout this time. But that fire for each other never wavered. If anything, it only burned stronger. But how is it two people such as Edward and Bella could make a relationship as theirs last?! They've never met in person. Somehow it just works….a friendship that goes deeper and no one REALLY gets jealous. Maybe not jealous….but DEFINITELY possessive. Edward felt his phone vibrate once again; reaching in his pocket he pulled it out to a new message. Bella responded again. " Not much. Tomorrow I head out to start the restaurant with the girls. Dad's taking me out to celebrate. Ooh, you working in the garage again? Getting all 'grease-monkey' for me? Mmm" Edward tried to hide his smirk. Bella had a thing for the man who was "good with his hands" and he being a mechanic automatically fell under that category. He was thankful that his coveralls were loose, loose enough that the raging hard on he currently had, was not noticed. Just the thought of Bella being turned on got him going. " Oh yeah suga. I'm going to get all dirty again tonight. You willing to help…clean me up?" Bella grabbed her purse as she was heading down the stairs, time for the post office and dinner with her dad. She thanked God she was able to finish two loads of laundry, she also got them folded and packed. One more load to finish later tonight and then she could try to get some sleep. Her phone buzzed and she saw Edwards's text message. She let out a tiny squeak, but with dad in ear shot that was the only noise she could make in response to Edward's sassy text. Quickly she responded, " Oh don't worry, I'll make sure every inch of you is clean, after I'm done with you." "Hey Bells! You ready yet?! Our reservation is in an hour and a half, and we still have to drive to Port Angeles after you're done at the post office!" Charlie called out to her as he exited his bedroom. He descended the stairs right behind Bella as she stuffed her phone, and its dirty little secrets, away into her purse. "Yeah Dad. Let's go." Charlie grabbed his jacket and keys and held the door open for Bella as they both left the house and headed out for Bella's last meal in Washington for a long time. A/N: AHH! Tis finished! I'm so excited to have this posted finally! It was such a fun chapter to write and I cannot wait to get going on the rest! I hope you all enjoyed it! I want to send out a HUGE thank you to my Beta-reader, mothergodess0 for helping me edit and sending me awesome ideas! YOU'RE THE BESTEST! Leave a review, tell me what you all think ;) And don't worry, there's PLENTY more to come hehehe. Ahhhh, too sexy!