it's not a nice smile. "Someone might take advantage of you then" he winks at me, making my skin crawl. "My skin is to pale remember? It's a total turn off" I mock him. "Your eyes make up for the lack of a tan" he sneers at me. I say nothing and look towards the forest. Jake sits down in front of me, too far for me to touch him and says "I have never seen your colour before, it's almost purple." "Congratulations, you know your colours" I hiss at him. He leans forward and grabs my chin, tilting my head up and shinning the light into my eyes so the colour reflects. I hiss and close them against the pain. "Fucking bastard" I spit, my eyes burning. I jerk my face out of his hands and squeeze them tightly. "A simple thanks is all that's needed" his smile doesn't hold any but malice. "Sorry, all I've got is a 'fuck you', will that do?" I mumble shaking my head before looking back up at him. "Then again" I pause "maybe I guess I should be saying thanks. I was after all always taught to take a compliment from a man instead of breaking his wrist. 'It'll help with our breeding' was what my mom always said." I lean forward against the chains. "You see, we're a dying breed, so sad isn't it?" I ask, cocking my head to the side. "We won't last much longer, another couple generations then that's it for us. But I guess that would make you happy" he opens his mouth to say something but I cut him off "although, I guess if we were to all die out you'd have no more fun hunts with your buddies, eh? Pissing competitions can't be as entertaining as killing a Darkie, right?" I clench my fists. "I don't know-" "Get the fuck away from me" I lean back and stare at him, my eyes flashing, watching as he pushes himself up and walks away. My fists ache as I loosen them, my fingers cramped and white from the lack of blood. I rub my wrist underneath the dirty cuffs, trying to rub the pain that flares each time they rub against my skin. My thigh throbs from the arrow wound, along with my hand and arm, now scabbed over and crusting with dried blood. I move my head from side to side trying to loosen the tendons in my neck before flexing my fingers and twisting my ankles around. I close my eyes and pull my knees up to my stomach. I lay my throbbing head on them and breathe deeply through my nose. Angela's eyes stare at me from behind my eye lids. Her face creased as she screams for me to run. Her bloodied face as she pushes me forward and away from her towards the deeper parts of the city. Her eyes as she stared at me when they pulled the bags off our heads. The last time I would ever talk to her. " Bella" she whispers, her hand wrapping around mine. "Don't let them get you" she murmurs. " They won't" I mumble back to her "neither of us." I squeeze her hand as some of them move around us, cutting the ropes while the others point guns in our direction. " You have to promise" she rushes out. " They won't get us Ang" I mumble as Day Walkers move around us. " Promise" she hisses, her hand crushing mine. " I promise, alright?" They move away from us and stand in a line their weapons raised. " You have two minutes to move the fuck along and try and hide" shouts one of them, they all cock their firearms. My heart stops before picking up and pumping adrenaline through my veins. I scramble up, holding Angela's hand tightly in mine and pull her away from the death line. " Bella" says Angela, pulling her hand but I hold tightly."Bella, you have to let go." I shake my head. " We have to stick together" I say, pulling her through an alleyway. " No Bella" she pulls her hand free and stops. "Only one of us if going to make it" my feet stumble and I turn to look at her. " I promised they wouldn't get us." I say reaching for her hand again. " No" she shakes her head and steps away from me "you promised you wouldn't let them get you." " Angela" my voice shakes "What are you doing?" she backs away from me and back towards the death line. " You're going to live Bella" she smiles "don't let them get you." I run towards her but she pushes me away from her. "goddamn it Bella, run!" I hear the guns explode around us, and the inhuman cries as the bullets find purchase within flesh. I step towards her again but she puts her hand up "You promised" she turns and runs back. Back to her death. I stare after her, a scream caught in my throat as the bullets rain against the silence of the city. Her cries echo through the metallic graveyard, making the iron bones tremble and quake around me. I hear their steps coming towards me and my lungs catch the air, stopping it in my throat. I force myself to turn away from Angela and run. They're coming. A/N: So I know I already have stories on the go, but this popped into my head and I had to get it down. I'm not sure if I'm going to continue it, it really depends on what feedback I get. As always, thanks for reading. And send me a little review. Massive hugs. Also, I have a blog where I'll be posting previews for stories I'm writing, so if you want to check it out the URL is: www(dot)escapingtown(dot)blogspot(dot)com the preview for my other story Tomorrow's Gone has been posted there :)