in handy after all. The big guy met her eyes then, and she narrowed hers in response. Green met gold intensely, and felt the challenge issued. A half feral grin crossed her face, and she gave him the faintest of nods. Challenge accepted. Coach Clapp blew the whistle, and the game began. Bella realized early in that the humans around her moved at a much slower pace than she did, and grudgingly slowed herself down so that she wouldn't stand out too much. She also realized that she totally sucked at basketball. She grimaced as Emmett easily slipped around her guard and scored a layup. And she hadn't even known what a "layup" was until that day. She felt angry as her team took the ball back down the court. Bella didn't always consider herself competitive, per say, but there was something about losing to this creature that she just couldn't abide. Picking up the pace a bit she easily caught the ball as Mike passed it to her, and went to dribble up to the basket only to halt as a huge wall of pale skin appeared in front of her. Bella skidded back to avoid slamming into Emmett, and couldn't help the faint growl that escaped her when he stole the ball from her with a shit-eating grin on his face. He raced past her back down the court and Bella followed just as quickly, pulling up next to him easily. She reached out to swat the ball away from him and cursed as he pivoted away from her so quickly she would have missed it if she'd blinked. The next thing she knew he was dunking the ball and receiving the adulation of his team. He shot her a wink as he jogged away and she gaped at him, affronted. Her green eyes narrowed once again. Alright Bella. What is it that Charlie always says? Get my head in the game! The next several minutes of the game was fierce as Bella focused solely on Emmett, and he on her. Once she got a feel for the game, Bella found that she could keep up at times with the huge pale boy, and was gratified to see the surprise in his eyes. And was that...delight? It looked like the creature was genuinely delighted that she could keep up with him. Well, she guessed it did make the game a little more fun. Not much honor in defeating a bunch of humans when they can't help that they just aren't as strong and fast as she is. But Emmett? She knew she hadn't even seen the least of his abilities. That scared her...and oddly thrilled her. By the end of the game, she was a little winded and enjoying the adrenaline rush. Despite her caution, she met Emmett's smile with a surprisingly genuine one of her own. The big guy followed her towards the girls' locker rooms and she paused so he could catch up. "Hey, Bella right?" His voice was open, friendly, and surprisingly warm. "That was awesome! I mean, I could tell you've never played this game before, but you picked it up really fast." Bella found herself smiling at him, much as she had at his sister Alice. Some kind of reflex she didn't know she had. Something about Emmett, despite her instincts still indicating danger, made her feel at ease. "Yeah, that's me." She replied, "No, I've never played before. My dad loves it, so you'd think I'd have picked up a thing or two but..." She shrugged. A glint entered her green eyes as she recalled the game, and she grinned. "It was fun playing against you Emmett. I think P.E. will be a fun class this year." Would they ever get a chance to really test their skills against one another? She wondered. Emmett returned her grin, but she saw the surprise on his face. "How did you...?" Bella shrugged, "Same way you know my name, I guess. People talk!" Emmett nodded, and took a step back toward the boys' locker rooms. "Well, I've gotta get ready to go. It was nice meeting you. See you tomorrow Bella!" With a light wave, Emmett turned and jogged away to get himself changed, and Bella turned back into the girls' locker room herself. She couldn't help it, she thought as she went to get changed. She rather liked Emmett. The other girls didn't stare much when she got changed this time, and she fell into an easy conversation on the way out with Angela. As soon as she made it to her truck, though, she was ready to escape. She needed time to think about what she had seen today, and to talk to Charlie about it. A decision would need to be made. Would she return to Forks High, or continue to be homeschooled? She knew what she wanted, but Bella had learned early on that what she wanted and what was best were often at odds with one another. With a sigh that didn't really relieve the knotted tension inside her, she turned the key in the ignition and headed for home. So preoccupied was she, that she didn't notice the four pairs of curious, golden eyes that followed her departure. Greye's Notes: Whoo! Well, there you are! That's a doozy of a chapter for me, let me tell you. Now, this is my first ever Twilight fic. I've never had much interest in writing it before, but a craving struck! So, here you are. Now, as you may have noticed, Rosalie did not make an appearance this chapter! Fear not, this is still very much a Rosella fic! Like all beauty queens, however, Rosalie needs to make a proper entrance. Far be it from me to deprive her! Now, please let me know if you liked this chapter and the start of this new story, so that I know if I should keep on. It's all an experiment at this point!