fucked but desperate to compartmentalize his desire. He needn't worry. I wasn't there to judge, and I would certainly give him his fuck. I shook my head dismissively. He needed to cut this shit out. The two of us had work to do. "Now, turn around and bend over." Dick still in hand, he obliged. He knelt on the bed, face toward the center, ankles hanging over the edge. Pulling the lube from my pocket, I coated a finger and rubbed it in circles on and around his hole. He was panting and he trembled slightly, clearly enjoying the tease. I drew it out for all it was worth, smiling each time he sat back on his heels and inched suggestively toward my hand. "Yes…" he hissed when I slipped my index finger in. I had never felt such tight heat. This preparation was more than a means to an end. My John had a magical ass. I took my time, plunging slowly, relishing the sensation, taking my time as I added a second finger. We were both panting with desire by the time I added the third. "I wanna fuck you so bad, baby." Since when did rent boys say that and actually mean it? "Please…be gentle." he whimpered. And I would be. I didn't want to hurt him. Once I lubed it up, my cock seemed to sparkle in the borrowed city light. I watched in fascination as I made the initial thrust, watched my head disappear beyond his tight ring. He let out an endless wail that was tinged with pain but evident in its pleasure. I stopped to let us catch our breath. We were both covered in a thin sheen of sweat, our dicks straining and twitching with ecstatic effort. Pulsing my hips experimentally, I probed to find out how virgin his ass was, to learn how much he could take. He was sensitive, I quickly learned—very much so. I throbbed at the sound of his whimpers and cries. Never before had I imagined that human sounds could be so beautiful and raw. I thrust a little deeper, wanting to make him cry out more, without giving him too much. But I was greedy to take him, because I'd never fucked like this. He was beyond words now, and so was I, every stroke hitting me everywhere at once. When I bent over him and grabbed his shoulder for leverage, I hit the magic spot. His high-pitched moan was exotically animalistic. The clenching of his ass was deliciously violent. His ass milking my cock jostled me to my core, pushing me to my own vocal release. When we found ourselves in a wasted heap on the bed some minutes later, I realized that by this time I was usually showered and out the door. As I met his tired eyes, we shared some profound acknowledgement of the mutually unexpected. His eyes seemed to ask 'Since when did this get so good?' while mine asked, Since when did rent boys stop faking it? --+-- Esme "My love..." Carlisle murmurs, sliding in behind me, planting a soft kiss to my jaw as is hand encircles my waist. He has taken me by surprise. I'm so engrossed in my own thoughts that I didn't even hear him walk in. "You're late." After nineteen years of marriage, such observations were seldom delivered with venom. "I didn't mean to be, love," he says in that sultry voice that goes straight to my soul. "I was in Seattle. I had to see a man." We are standing before the marble-top table just inside the foyer. Meeting my eyes through the mirror, he dips his head to kiss my shoulder. "I wish you'd have told me about your plans," I say. "We could've ridden together. I just got back myself." When he raised an eyebrow, I explained, "I had to see a man." His eyes twinkled with mischief. "How'd your meeting go?" he asked. "Even better than I planned," I said with airy satisfaction. "How 'bout yours?" His gaze was intense. "It blew my fucking mind." He turned me in his arms then, raising his beautiful hands to gently cup my face. His eyes softened to reverent adoration before he leaned in for a slow, sweet kiss. When he pulled back moments later, his eyes caught on the black nylon garment bag emblazoned with the "Sid's Vicious Costumes" logo. "What's in the bag?" he asked with an opportunistic smile and thinly-veiled excitement. I swatted him playfully. "Not for you to know—yet. I swear, you're incurable!" "Maybe I should see a doctor, or a nurse..." He winked at me suggestively. "Or double up on sessions with my shrink." I feigned ignorance and hummed, "Yes, darling. Maybe you should," all the while I was doing a mental inventory of my nurse costumes. It's been awhile since we played at the hospital... My name is Esme Cullen. I am a wife, a mother, a lady, and an interior designer. My home is my nest. I have built it into a beautiful fortress wherein my family is nurtured and safe. Like all women who have been cultured to put others first, I am teeming with latent desires. I love my family, but sometimes I indulge myself in who I could have been. My husband is everything to me. He is doting, tender, and kind. He is a solid provider, unequivocally devoted to our marriage, and an amazing father to our children. When he comes home at night, we make slow, passionate, worshipful love. My husband is an exquisite lover. But sometimes I want to be fucked. That I do outside my home. * * * * * Chapter End Notes: Oh, these two are so naughty! Did you notice the "rent boy's" sparklepeen? If you liked it, leave us some love! Meanwhile, check out the following: * Sassenach Wench's profile: http://www(dot)fanfiction(dot)net/~sassenachwench * Friday Free For All: http://twilighted(dot)net/viewstory(dot)php?sid=4327 * My blog: http://diaryofaficfiend(dot)blogspot(dot)com Replace "(dot)" with a period.