a date to get baked." Ducky swallowed, her throat tight. Memories of coming home late, drunk and bruised, hit her like fresh, wet pavement. "She's so wasted," Gail Platinum had wheezed to her friend. They were in the Electric Theatre bathroom, where underrated bands came to fill in venues and play for stoners like Gail, Marcey, and Ducky. Right now, some band was playing heavy metal, screaming at the top of their lungs. The bathroom was clogged up with smoke, and at least three Vodka bottles were littered all over the floor. Water was running and spilling over the sink. Ducky coughed, and her stomach rejected whatever pill they had made her take yet again. She folded onto the floor and spilled her guts out, while Marcey and Gail Ewww! Oh, shit! -ed simultaneously. "There was a sink!" Gail reminded her. She knocked back another bottle of Vodka, and let it spill down her face and stain her white blouse. Stains from previous nights already stained the fabric. Marcey stumbled towards Ducky, and grabbed her by the arm, lifting her up. "We have to clean it," she said, as if on the verge of sleep. "I'm getting laid in here tonight," she said, but she sounded sick, too. Ducky had just turned 15, like Gail, but Marcey was 16. She boasted all the time about how she had already 'done it' three times. Ducky thought it sounded slutty, rather than impressive. Neither her nor Gail had ever done the deed, and admitted in private to eachother that they never planned to, either. There was a knock on the door that hit them harder than the screamo-music outside the door. They all froze at once, stared at eachother. Was it security? The police? They monitored every nook and cranny. They had doubled in security over the past week, since more and more minors were coming in and doing a handful of dangerous drugs. You had to be 16 at least to get in, but minors could come, if you accompanied them and had a member's card. That was where Marcey came in. "Babe, you in there?" someone asked. Marcey unfroze, and a goofy smile came over her face. Ducky moaned and wetted a paper towel unconsciously, and got down on her knees to clean up the vomit. Marcey stumbled over to the door, and opened it. The sounds of sloppy kissing could be heard, and Gail sighed. "I'm gonna go bang my head now," she informed Ducky. Ducky nodded, feeling drool fall down her chin. She wiped it away and stared at it. Where am I? she remembered thinking. It was like the universe had just swallowed her soul, and left her hollow body on the earth. The smell of vomit made her want to hurl again, but there was nothing left in her stomach. "Ducky, go...lock yourself in a stall or something," she heard Marcey saying, right next to her ear. Ducky. Ducky. That name sounded familiar. She looked up at Marcey, eyes glazed over. Marcey sighed, and kicked her shoe. "Please, Ducky," she said. The guy that knocked on the door came up from behind her and wrapped his hands around her stomach, kissed her neck. Ducky stood up shakily, and began to move aimlessly. She left the bathroom, crashed into 20 sweaty, screaming people, and finally stumbled out of the theatre, and made her way up the road. Home was eight miles away, but at the time, she didn't know what time meant or where she was going. At 4 AM, she collapsed onto the concrete, just as rain began to fall. Angelique found her an hour later, curled up in the middle of the side walk. "My duckling," she whispered, and fell to her knees, lying her daughter in her lap. "Wake up, right now. Wake up." Ducky opened her eyes painfully, the sun in the distance hitting her pupils harshly. Her clothes were soaked, and she shivered intensely, feeling as though she'd been submerged in ice water. "What happened?" Her mother cried, tears adding to the wetness in her daughters clothes, as she rocked her back and forth. "I'm sorry, mama," Ducky mumbled, clinging to Angelique's work-clothes. "So?" Santa interrupted her memories, shaking the weed-baggy in his hand. "You up for it?" Ducky had never felt more dead than she did that night. Her body shook, tasting the memories on her tongue and the ice in her veins. After that night, what had to be the seventh night, she swore she'd never take up anything again. But Santa's face, so close to hers in this dirty town with dirty people like Charlie Swan, it seemed so clean. So friendly, welcoming and warm. He wasn't Marcey, or Gail at the electric theatre, feeding her every flavor of wrong in the smoky bathroom. He was new and sweet, with all the right kinds of fun. He wasn't a dead mama or a half-sister she'd never met and wished she hadn't. He was just Santa. She had no one and nothing left to hold onto any more, except for this chance, this chance of Santa, that she just had to take. "Yes," she said, and took the bag gingerly in her hands. She glanced around as Santa had done, meeting the taco boy's ever-watchful eyes. She shoved the chance into her backpack, and pretended she hadn't seen him at all. A/N: Finallyyyyyyyy. I've finished chapter one. I swear I didn't mean to make this so goddamn long. I just wanted to cover the main part, so you'd catch a fatal case of suspense, and actually WANT to read the next chapters. I'm not sure what to think of this fanfic. It's definitely eating up all my time, but if anyone out there actually likes it, I'll be willing to update as often as possible. So tell me straight up, losers. xD Sincerely, me. Er... Grapandjellygates. ps: this is my first fanfic, ladies and gents. don't beat me up. :)