walked away, leaving the pack alone. "I found her," Jacob said when they were alone. "You did?" Embry asked, getting a nod of confirmation from Jacob. "So what are you planning to do now that you know where she is? You didn't really have a plan to speak of past finding her when you left a few days ago." "I still don't have much of a plan to speak of," Jacob mumbled, scratching the back of his head. He took a deep breath before making a proposal. He'd thought long and hard about what to do but nothing good came to mind. This was the only solution he could come up with: "I know where she's staying. We wait until she's alone and when she's alone, we'll sneak into the home, take her and run." "We're going to take her?" Quil said in a hushed voice but still very surprised. "What else do you suggest I do, Quil? I can't just walk up to her and start talking to her. She'd scream and ran away from me." "She won't exactly take well to being kidnapped and forced into an unfamiliar home either," Quil said. "Your father will kill you if you bring that woman here." "He'll understand," Jacob said. "He imprinted on mom. He should understand it chooses you." Jacob groaned. He would've rather imprinted on anyone else, anyone, even his cousin or his sisters, anyone except a pale face. He complained about them enough. In that moment, he couldn't help but look towards Leah and Seth, remembering when they'd first shown up in the village. Jacob remembered his mother telling him several stories about his aunt Uileila. Sara exalted her sister's happy personality, her bright and loving smile, and all the stories from when they were young and would play together. Sara was always sad though when she spoke about her sister. Uileila had run away when she was young and in love with a pale face from Forks. No one had known about the affair until the night Uileila said goodbye to Sara, saying that she was running away to be with her pale faced lover and be his wife. Sara had begged her sister to reconsider, but Uileila couldn't be dissuaded. Sara had told her mother and father but by then it was too late. It had been the last Sara or anyone else in the tribe had heard or seen from Uileila since. Yet years after Uileila ran away, Seth and Leah came running to the tribe begging for shelter with their mother's people. Sara begged Seth and Leah, "Please, where is Uileila? Tell me, where is my sister?" A very young, barely a teenager, Leah and a mere six year old Seth had to tell the story of how their father beat her to death and would've done so to them too had Leah not grabbed her father's gun from his belt and shot him right between the eyes. Sara had taken the two in as her own. Uileila would've wanted it that way. Jacob remembered their faces, the looks of terror that took years to melt away. He could never forgive the injustice that happened to his cousins at the hands of a pale faced man that seduced a young, impressionable girl. Yet Jacob's disdain for the pale faces ran deeper still than even that. The people of Forks had invited themselves onto the land claiming it as their own. They called the land "Washington" now. They had imposed themselves upon the Quileutes and their allies. They were forced to give up their white slaves and be reduced to a small people with a small area of land far away from the "good people of Forks". Because enslaving a black man is fine, but the moment it's a pale face, it's wrong. Jacob and the rest of the tribe were hearing tales of tribes from the east that had embraced the pale faces as brothers only to be spat on and forced into isolation like infected rats. They were two faced devils that were slowly robbing them of their resources and their names. The mayor of Forks had given Jacob's father a white name, William, because Kayechiwetchwe "was simply too hard to remember". The English names were infesting the tribe and it left Jacob seething. The fact his was a white name was all the worse. Yet here Jacob was, imprinted to a pale faced woman. He could only hope she would be the counterargument to all the pale faces he'd encountered before. "I'll need one of you to help me," Jacob finally said. "Embry, you stay here and do patrol for tonight. Quil, you come with me." "We're leaving now?" Quil asked. "I promised Claire I would show her how to debone a fish." "She can wait," Jacob hissed. "Did her parents have to name her Claire? What's wrong with a good Quileute name?" "She's perfect no matter what her name, Jacob," Quil said defensively. "When you have kids, you can name them whatever you want, but until then you leave Claire alone. Honestly Jacob, she's only five." "She's not standing here listening now is she?" Jacob rubbed his face as Quil began to argue. Eventually, Jacob held a fist in the air to silence his pack brother. "Fine, we'll wait until tonight. But we are leaving tonight. And neither of you are to tell anyone of this. Understood?" Both Quil and Embry nodded their heads, but eagerly ran from Jacob wanting to be away from him. It was said that the imprint was supposed to calm a wolf down but at the moment it was only making Jacob more irritated. He already loved the woman and yet he didn't even know her name. He only knew that when he'd looked into her brown eyes, he felt his world shift to a different center of focus and he was in love. The rest he would have to figure out as he went along.