I be scared?" I asked turning my head to Angie who was trying not to roll her eyes. "Paul is a character, that's for sure." She said trying to hold back a smile, I looked at her curiously. Maybe he was one of those friends who were a "handful" as Jake had said earlier. It wasn't ten minutes later, that two guys came walking down the beach, both ridiculously tall. There had to be something in the water here, people just weren't this tall. "Paul, Quil come over here. There's someone I want you to meet," Jake yelled waving them over, as they both jogged over to us I noticed neither was wearing a shirt. Not an odd thing to see at the beach but they had come out of the forest which was a bit odd. "Bells, this is Quil I don't know if you remember him." Jake said pointing to the shorter of the two. "I remember meeting someone a lot shorter but I think it was you," I teased reaching out to shake his hand; Quil laughed pushing my hand aside and pulling me into a hug. "Yea, I remember you too. I think you got shorter though," he teased me right back. I liked him already. "And this is Paul, my best man." Jake said and I looked up into his eyes for the first time and all the air left my lungs. He was the most good-looking man I'd ever seen, even more so than Edward and all the Cullen men combined. He was hand broad shoulders and well-defined arms. Standing next to Jake I could see that he was almost if not just as tall; his face looked rough under his strong jaw line but there in his eye was a softness that touched me. I opened my mouth to say something but there were no words because I had seen his face before though we had never met. I wasn't sure how long we stood there in silence before I heard Jake mutter under his breath. "Oh shit," I looked up at him confused. I was having a hard time catching my breath, it was like I couldn't take in any air it was all just going out. When I looked back over at Paul he was shaking all over, it almost looked like he was shivering but violently. His hands were clenched into fists like he was about to hit someone and his faced as pinched as though he was in pain. "Take care of Bella, we'll be back," Jacob shouted to Ang. As he, Sam, and Quil all grabbed Paul by the upper arms and pulled him from the beach back into the forest. The whole time he kept looking back at me, but every time he did it seemed like his shaking got worse. "Come on babe, lets grab some food," Ang said softly touching my arm making me jump. She pulled me by the hand over to a log and sat me down, going to grab me a plate of food. When she came back I sat there looking down at it not sure what to do. I wasn't hungry in the slightest, in fact I felt a bit sick to my stomach. I had no idea what just happened but not only was my stomach hurting, it felt like my heart was slowly being ripped from my chest. For maybe an hour I sat there in between Angie and Emily. They brought people over and started to talk but it was like I couldn't function. All I could see in my head was his face, I tried to talk at first but after a while I decided I wasn't up for it and started to take the short walk back to Angie and Jakes house. Once inside I went straight to my room and grabbed my portfolio with my most precious works of art. I took them into the dining room and spread them all out in front of me trying to make some sort of sense out of the events tonight. I wasn't sure how long I was there before I heard Angela call my name from the front door but I didn't say anything. She found me sitting at the table with my portfolio still spread out in front of me. "Bella, are you ok?" she asked putting a hand on my shoulder, I didn't say anything. "What are you looking…" she stopped short and gasped after she saw the drawings I had laid on the table. "Bella, when did you draw these?" she asked me, her hand slightly covering her mouth in shock. "This one I drew two years ago when I was in college," I said pointing out a charcoal portrait I'd done. "This one I did less than a year ago," I pulled forward a watercolor of a particularly intense pair of brown eyes. "This one I finished last week," I showed her an oil painting with the same subject, a young native man. "When I first started them I thought it was Jake, but the more I saw him in my dreams…face isn't right and the eyes..." I said running a finger over the face of a man I had drawn a hundred times. He had plagued my mind, this young native man from my dreams. Angela sat down next to me, her hand coming to rest over mine. We sat for a while both just looking at the pictures covering the table. There was at least fifty, all of the same person, some in color, others in black and white but all the same man. A man who, until today, I thought only existed in my dreams. But he was real, he was here in La Push, and his name was Paul. "Ang, what's happening?" I asked in a slightly shaky voice with pricks of tears in my eyes. She squeezed the hand resting on mine. "We need to find Jake."