particles came in contact with the venom lubricating them. He blinked rapidly to clear the irritants, while trying to steer himself a little higher in the storm. A rusty piece of roof side swiped him and knocked him off course. The twisted metal couldn't hurt him but it tore a nice gash in his suit. Meanwhile, Emmett had managed to get sucked up near the center of the vortex and swiftly ascended up into the storm, almost beyond the funnel. He was whirling around with pieces of paper and other small bits of debris. He reckoned this was as close to being weightless as a vampire could get, without going into outer space. Which would be totally awesome if he could get to the moon, but Jasper had to be a buzz kill about it. Suddenly, the low but ever present roar of the storm started to get quieter, and Emmett began to worry. He figured he had been up in the air for about fifteen minutes and he guessed time was soon up for this particular storm. The odd thing was he had expected to drop out of the sky gradually or maybe even like a lead balloon. Yet there he was, floating along like flotsam and jetsam on a current of air rather than water. He tried to use his wing suit to angle himself downward. He moved a little closer to the ground, or what he hoped was the ground. He really wasn't sure which way was up or down, and that was sort of terrifying. Jasper felt the ground approaching at the same time the wind stopped. There wasn't enough air to make the wing suit work and the ground, he noticed, was far too close. He braced himself for impact and skidded face first along the rich, Kansas dirt. Spitting out some bitter tasting soil that lingered in his mouth, Jasper searched for an area of cover, finding a narrow gully on the side of a muddy road. Ducking into the gully, he turned his face back to the sky. The tornado was roping out, skinny and twisting back and forth like a lasso dangling from the sky. The orange glow of sunset made a stark contrast to the turbulent grays still marking the eastern part of the sky. The tornado had all but dissipated and Jasper still hadn't seen Emmett. The sound of tires approaching through the thick mud on the nearby road caught his attention. The Jeep slowed down enough for him to open the door and slip inside. Rose looked absolutely furious behind the wheel. "Everything all right, Rose?" She shot him an ugly look before returning her concentration to the sloppy road. "All right? How could you not see all the dings on my Jeep. Pea- sized, really . Also your wife seems to have misplaced my husband." Jasper peered into the front passenger's seat and saw Alice's eyes were closed. She was searching for Emmett. For a while, the only noise inside the Jeep was the sound of mud that kicked up against the outside and Rose's occasional growls and grunts as she navigated through the difficult sludge. "Drive five miles to the north east. We'll find him in somebody's shed." "Really explicit directions there, Alice," Rose spat sourly. "Just drive until you hit a crossroads and turn right. He'll be on the left in two miles. Better?" Rose grunted an agitated affirmation. "You still make a lousy GPS." "Why, thank you. I love you too, Rose." Alice reached for her phone and tapped out a quick message. "Who'd you text?" Jasper asked over her shoulder. "Esme, so she can ship off our donations." "You knew all along I was going to lose the bet, didn't you?" "Sorry. I can't help it and Emmett would have cried foul if I helped you too much." Jasper leaned back into his seat. "Just don't give away my cowboy boots, okay?" Alice had always tried to part him from his beloved cowboy boots. There wasn't a thing wrong with them other than they were thirty years old and had been re-soled and re-heeled just about as many times. Alice smiled back at him with wicked delight gleaming from her eyes. Just as Alice had proclaimed, two miles after they turned at the crossroad, a shed close by the road came into view. Rose honked the horn until Emmett dashed from the barn. He was pretty quiet when he slid into the backseat beside Jasper. They all let him sit in his reflective solitude, until Alice couldn't stand it anymore. "So how was it? " "It was the strangest thing I've ever done." Emmett said with a wondrous smile. "That's saying a lot, since you've done a ton of strange things." Alice said from the front seat. "You don't have any idea. He ran at the tornado and gave it a bear hug." "You did what?" Rose sounded even unhappier than she was about the hail. "Just what Jasper said. Ran at it as fast as I could and wrapped my arms around it. Well, tried to anyway. It was a bit wide." "The things you come up with, man. I'd hate to read your mind." Jasper shook his head in disbelief. Emmett waggled his eyebrows. "Just ask Edward." "Which way do we go now, Alice?" Rose asked, sounding a little less upset. "Take a left on the next road and keep heading west for ten miles." Emmett leaned back into the seat and stretched his arms out behind his head. "We did it. I can't wait to go through all that research and slip it into somebody's study. Hopefully we got enough to help with better predictions." Jasper nodded. "I think we did. So, what next?" "We're going home," Rose stated firmly. "As long as we stop at a mall first." Alice chimed in. "Hurricane skydiving." Emmett stated. "You're kidding, right?" Jasper didn't need an answer to the girls' question. Emmett wasn't kidding.