was short in a fashionable pixie cut. She was dressed impeccably, much better than any high schooler has a right to. I realized she was looking at me expectantly so I nodded my head like an idiot having no idea what I was nodding about. It seemed I had missed the conversation between the two as I was ogling the girl in front of me because the teacher stood and walked to the door to let students in. "Are you a front or back row kind of girl?" she asked me in a sweet girly voice, bouncing slightly on the balls of her feet. "How about somewhere in the middle?" Cancer patients tend to spend most of their time hanging out somewhere in the middle of life and death I thought morbidly before shaking myself of it. The beautiful girl linked her arm with mine and I felt goose bumps erupt over my skin, even with sleeves on I could feel how cold she was but maybe I was running a fever, not unlikely. We took our seats and she turned to me smiling. "I'm Alice by the way, Alice Cullen. I'm new here," she said excited. What she was excited about I wasn't sure. "Bella, nice to meet you," I extended my hand to her and she shook it. Again, I felt her cool skin against my heated hand. "I'm new here too, how long have you been in Forks?" I asked, curious to know more about her. "A couple weeks, my family just moved here. My siblings will also be going here in a few weeks once we get everything sorted out, but I wanted to start as soon as I could." She explained, as I looked into her eyes, really looking for the first time. They were a golden color like I had never seen before, I thought she might be wearing contacts. Under my gaze she seemed to freeze and I realized I had probably been looking for too long so I reached into my bag for nothing blushing like the spaz I was. Other students began to filter into the seats around us. Alice hadn't said anything else to me and I was sure I had blown that before it even started. As the teacher told us to pull out our textbooks I slowly looked over to Alice to see if she was still up for letting me read off hers. I peeked out from behind my hair like the awkward snail I am to find her smiling at me. I smiled back and leaned over so I could see her book, scooting my desk closer to hers as she did the same. We spent the rest of the class like this. Alice I was freaking out, I was totally freaking out. I was completely and totally freaking out! After we took our seats the other students began to filter in. I looked over at her to take in every detail. She looked at me, I mean really looked at me and I stopped breathing. I saw it in flashes, Bella smiling and laughing with me and everyone else. We were all together, suddenly it was clear. Not only was she causing the black spots in my visions, she was what lay behind them. And just like that it was gone again as she looked down away from me. I cursed myself silently, sure I looked like a mad woman as I lost my shit internally. The teacher occupied the entire period talking, Bella and I didn't get the chance to speak until the bell rang. "Can I walk with you to your next class?" I asked sweetly, desperately hoping she wouldn't turn me down. "Sure, but won't you be late to your class?" she asked, little did she know I had no plans on attending my next class. "Don't worry, I can run pretty quick when I want to," I winked testing my boundaries. She laughed as a faint blush crept up her face slowly, a victory in my book! I dropped Bella off at her next class asking if she'd like to have lunch with me, to which she agreed. We both had lunch after 4th period so I had about 2 hours to run home, where Carlisle was and find out what in the world was going on. "Something happened," I started standing in the middle of Carlisle's office. He looked up from his spread of papers with a worried look on his face and held a hand out to the chair in front of him. I told him everything, from the first vision I had. To meddling to get my siblings to come visit. Seeing the future of us together, that being the reason I convinced him to move here. Then I told him about Bella, that she was the reason I couldn't see clearly. And finally, I told him about what happened when she looked at me. Carlisle was deep in thought throughout the entirety of my rant and seemed to be collecting himself as I sat before him. Finally, he looked up at me. "Why didn't you tell me about your visions Alice?" he asked looking almost hurt. "I didn't want you to think it was a bad idea, I swear I didn't see anything bad happening to the family. I would never do that," I defended. "I know Alice, I would never think anything of the sort. You have put the happiness of the rest of the family above your own many times." Carlisle said walking around the desk and pulling me into a hug. It had been years since I felt this overwhelmed. I always saw everything coming, to be blindsided by something this big was more than I could handle. "What's going on Carlisle?" I asked venom in my eyes for tears that would never fall. "Uh, well…" Carlisle stuttered before composing himself. "Is there a chance she could be your mate?" Carlisle asked me softly.