they both cried. I just chuckled. "Thanks Jasper, tell your mom I said thanks!" I smiled at him. "No problem Mrs. Hunt and I will, you know she doesn't have a problem looking after them anyway." He chuckled softly. I laughed lightly. My best friend Rose, since college, is dying to have a house bursting full of kids. The sad thing is, is that after Rose gave birth to Tia they found out that if she had another child, that she wouldn't be lucky and that she will die! Emmett didn't touch her for nearly a month after that; afraid that even though they were safe she would fall pregnant. Rose was depressed because not only won't her husband touch her but also because she couldn't have anymore children. I had enough from both her and Emmett so I sat them down and gave Emmett biology 101 lessons, after I lectured him it was her turn. I yelled at her and told her that even though she couldn't have anymore children, it didn't mean that she should forget about the two that she did have. It took her a week to snap out of her depression and start living and enjoying her life with the children she did have. "You drive safe, the roads are pretty slippery here in Forks and you know you can call me Bella!" I smiled. I watched him drive off before I turned around and said Hello to my kids properly. "Where is my Benny Bear and my Magpie?" I called out to the house. Two little monsters came running out of the kitchen. They fell out onto me, causing me to fall. When I landed on the floor I started tickling them. Their childish laughs always lifted my moods even when I was at my happiest. "Momma missed you so much. I just want to eat you up!' I said rolling around in the floor. I was so busy tickling and rolling around on the floor that I didn't notice when Alice entered the house. I only noticed because my kids stop trying to tickle me in return and yelled out, "ALICE!" and stormed of to her. "How's my favourite girl and boy cousins?" she asked while being hugged tightly around the legs by the two in question. Benjamin was the first to speak and to let go of her legs. "It is good because you're here Cousin Alice!" Alice responded by chuckling and ruffling his hair. She bent down and looked Maggie in the eye waiting for her response. "Alice, I'm happy that you'll be here all the time! Now you can play dolls with me and we can dress up. Ben is a boy and he doesn't understand girl things." She said while crossing her arms over her chest. Alice laughed lightly and said, "You're right!" she kissed her hair and walked to help me up; I had forgotten that I was still on the floor. The timer went off signaling the start of dinner. I put the unused salad ingredients back in the fridge and took the lasagna out of the oven. I started dishing up for everybody and served them. Ben and Maggie couldn't keep quiet; they kept bombarding Alice with questions or statements that she could barely eat her own food. After dinner and we sent Ben and Maggie reluctantly off to bed I poured and glass of red wine for both me and Alice. I was aware that the legal drinking age was only at 21 but we wee only going to drink one glass and it was under adult supervision. "Thanks but I don't think that I'll be able to enjoy it anyway. I'm so exhausted from the long flight." She yawned. "I'm exhausted from just working. I feel old!" I complained. Alice laughed beside while I placed my glass down on the counter and fell down onto the couch. "Well being Editor of a newspaper, I'm assuming can be quite exhausting. You get to mother at work and mother at home, very exhausting!" she deducted. I chuckled, "wow, you're right!" I chuckled again. Alice and I talked for several more hours. We did only have that one glass of wine. Alice's maturity levels were extremely high. It never occurred to me, throughout the whole night that I was talking to an 18 year old girl going to college for the first time. We talked about my marriage about James, about having children, falling in-love for the first time. Alice confessed to me that she was a virgin, something that I always thought she wasn't. I felt ashamed to think that of my own cousin but I wasn't a virgin when I was her age, this too I told her. "Really?" she asked, a frown forming on her face. "Yeah! Edward was/is my best friend. We grew up together. We started dating and fell in-love. He was my first." Nostalgia creeping up on me. "Why didn't it work out?" she inquired. "He became too possessive and jealous when I went off to college. I barely had any guy friends because Edward scared them all whenever he came to visit. "So, you didn't go to the same college?" "No, he went to Julliard for music and I went to Yale for journalism. He would visit as often as possible, if his parents weren't so rich Edward would have probably never have gone to college if that meant that he could never see me again." I sadly stated. "He really loved you a lot! But if I was dating a guy that possessive I would have left him too!" "Yeah!" was my only reply. I lay in bed thinking about Edward and James. The two men in my life that I had loved. While I was drifting off to sleep thinking about the two, Jacobs face popped into my head. That night, I didn't have blank dreams or nightmares. That night I dreamt of Jacob Black, my new neighbour!