of this trust will be given...to the one who helps me meet the condition that will dissolve it. "And just what is the condition that has to be met?" he asked suspiciously. "Marriage." "Excuse me?" "Marriage. My father set up this trust to effectively be a dowry." "I don't believe this." he said softly. "I assure you it's real. Insane, but real. And there's more...my father liked treasure hunts. He buried the gold on the property in several piles. The first map will be sent to you..." "Not to you?" "No. My husband will receive the first map after our first anniversary. The other maps will be sent upon the fifth, tenth, twentieth and thirtieth anniversaries of our marriage with another map after the birth of our first child, should we have one." He looked at her in disbelief. "Are you kidding me?" "No. I swear it is the truth." He ran his hands through his hair. "How do I know you're telling the truth? I mean, I don't know you. I need some proof here." "I have my copy of the terms of the trust with me. Would you like to see it?" He nodded and she pulled the thick envelope from her purse and gave it to him. He flipped through the heavy paper slowly, reading carefully. "This looks official enough. I need proof this is real though." "We can meet with Aro in New York. He's the lawyer who set this up with my father. He can verify it for you. You'll also receive a copy of he trust and the deed to the property you want once the marriage certificate has been filed with the state. Just in case I hadn't told you, you would have learned about it then." He was silent, staring at nothing, the papers in his hand. "Will you do this?" "You mean will I marry you?" "Yes." He laughed mirthlessly. "Aren't you supposed to be down on one knee when you ask that?" Would she be willing to beg him to marry her? Yes. To escape James, yes. The tightness of her skirt would not allow her to go down on one knee so she knelt before him on both and dared to place a hand on his knee. "Please, will you marry me?" He looked at her in astonishment. "Why? Why are you so desperate? Surely you could take some time and find someone you loved to marry?" "I can't wait." "Why?" She couldn't tell him that. She was almost out of money and she had a fiance she did not consent to. She was ashamed, embarrassed. "It doesn't matter. Will you marry me?" she tried again. "Are you so desperate for money? From what you've said, I would get everything and you nothing. What do you get out of this?" "I get to get away from here!" she answered desperately, tears finally falling. He was going to say no. "Look," he pulled her off her knees and back up to sit on the fountain wall. "Ranch life is hard work, physically. You won't be able to afford fancy clothes and manicures." He gestured to the clothes Alice had chosen and the French manicure Alice had insisted on. Just her luck that trying to look more attractive would not work in her favor. "I honestly don't think you are cut out for it. You would hate it and I will not be married to a woman who hates the lifestyle I love." "I can handle it. I promise!" He studied her face intently. "We'll see. I need to think about this." He didn't say no! He didn't say no! "I need an answer soon." she pressed. "If you won't do this I have to find someone who will." "How soon?" "One week?" He nodded. "I'll be in touch." "Here, let me give you my phone number." He pulled out his cell and typed in the number she dictated. "And I'd like you to have Alice's number too. If I can't answer my phone, you can leave a message with her. I trust her." He looked at her oddly. "Why can't I just leave a message on your phone?" "No! You...just can't. And if a man answers the phone don't say anything, just hang up. OK?" "Why would a man answer your phone Bella?" he asked softly. His eyes saw straight through her, and suddenly she couldn't lie to him. "There's a guy, he...he's kind of possessive. He sometimes answers my phone and checks my messages." "Why would he be possessive Bella?" "He...um...plans to marry me this summer." "What?" he yelled. She cringed. "If you're already engaged then why..." "I'm not! I didn't agree. Look, he found out about the dowry and now he won't let me go. I need you to take me away from him." "Why don't you just go to the police?" "He hasn't really done anything...to me, yet. He's just...scary. Look, just let me know soon, OK?" He gave her an intense look and nodded. "I'll be in touch." And then he walked away. She just hoped it wasn't for good. So? What do you think? It's an idea that wouldn't let me alone. I've got some research to do before I get much further. In the mean time, is anyone interested in being a beta? I'm looking for someone who can proofread and say, "Hey, I think you meant her instead of here ." and someone who could ask good questions to help me develop characters and plot, who can poke a hole in someone's logic or offer suggestions to make the story better. A bonus would be someone who knows about or has personal experience with ranch life. If you do, please feel free to let me know. I'd love to pick your brain. Also, for those of you who read the previous story and kept up with my news, I'm 6 weeks pregnant and we saw a heartbeat on the sonogram the other day!