My eyes turned deep black, she looked right into them. "Edward...What's going on? Why are you eyes…" "I love you" I interrupted her "And I'll love you as long as I exist" "Me too" she said and kissed my lips. I looked into her eyes, she got lost in mine."When you wake up tomorrow, you'll be the girl you were before me, and I will be gone...forever" She narrowed her eyes "What are you talking about?" she blinked a few times. "You won't know who I am...you won't recognize my face, my name or even the sound of my voice" She kept listening with her mouth half open, getting lost in my words. "I will be no one to you...if you ever see me on the street you won't know who I am" I took a deep breath "The name Edward Cullen won't mean a thing to you" She didn't move; her breathing was very slow. "You will go on with your life as if you have never met me" I carefully closed her eyes with my fingertips. She seemed to have fallen asleep; I wasn't done, so I continued. "You will leave this town for good...you'll start a new life and you will be happy...without me" My voice broke, I couldn't go on anymore. I slowly stood up, pick her up and drove her home. When we arrived I put her in her bed to rest. Before I left I took one last look at her, I kissed her forehead one last time, and then turned around to leave without looking back. Tears fell from my eyes as I carefully closed the front door. When I looked up I saw Carlisle, his brothers and Rosalie walking my way. All except Carlisle stopped before getting to me. I glanced at Rosalie, that new body she had found really fitted her well, blond, blue eyes and the coldest expression on her fac. Without a doubt she was the old Rosalie again, that heartless woman I once loved. I looked back at Carlisle, who stood right in front of me. "Right on time" he patted my back "Good boy" "Now, I want something from you" I said coldly. He laughed in my face "Oh, really? What makes you think I'm gonna give you something?" "I wanna talk to you in private" I said as I started walking to the back of Bella's house. He gestured the others to stay, and then he followed me. I stopped and turned to face him "I need to be sure she's gonna be safe" "You got my word Edward" I gave a reluctant laugh "Your word? That's not enough..." "I'm telling you, nothing's gonna happen to her if...you follow my rules" he interrupted me. "What rules? C'mon Carlisle, you got what you wanted. I'm back with you, so now what?" "You will be as loyal as you've never been before, you will do what I say at anytime, anywhere...in any occasion...because if you ever betray me again...I will find her and I will kill her! I will show no mercy foe you or her!" he leaned forward and placed his hand on my shoulder "Am I clear my dear friend?" I took off his hand off me "What about your brothers or Rosalie?" "They won't hurt her either, I promise" "I want you to give her a good amount of money so she can start a new life away from here...I'd do it myself but you have taken up to the last penny from my account" "Alright...I can do that" he turned to start walking but turned around to face me "Don't you ever, ever come close to her again. I'll know if you do" He was enjoying that moment so much that made me want to rip his head off! "How come all of the sudden you don't want her blood anymore?" "I found somebody else who can do the job better than her, so this girl is useless to me now" "Her brother?" "Who turned out to be an ambitious son of a bitch, and that boy would sell his soul to the devil to get power" "You made a deal with him?" "I'll get what I need, and he'll get something in return" "So, why won't you just let us be together?" "Nah...You betrayed me...so...no...I will never let you be together...ever!" Damn son of a bitch! We finally joined the rest; his brothers looked at me and gave a malicious smile, surely laughing inside because they thought they had won. Rosalie looked at me and reached out her hand to touch me, but I moved away. That new 'life' was gonna be worse than hell to me. " LIFELESS " I drove to my apartment to spend the rest of the night, but as I lay on my bed I immediately felt the emptiness. Unable to sleep, I got up and walked outside, and continued walking nonstop for hours, until the sun came up. There's was no point of being able to see the sun light if the person who was the brightest light in my life was gone. I didn't go back to my place for two days, I wandered around from town to town, feeding, walking and trying to go on without her. I carefully passed by her place one night, she was gone, no trace of her anywhere, it was probably for the best. Days went by and I soon became the heartless monster I once was, with Bella gone there was no place for love in my heart, there would ever be again. I lost my heart the night I left her, and ever since then I didn't mind about making things right anymore. The only light in my life had faded away. There was nothing for me but to submerge myself into the darkest corners of my soul. I wished be alone for the rest of my existence...just heartless me...the way it should have always been. The end