like I have just been fucked. But please trust me the only person that I want to fuck is you and only you, and it has been that way since I first saw you two years ago. What else do I love about you... The list is endless but if I have to pick some things it would be the curve of your hips as well as the swell of your tits. I prefer it when you wear dark blue or pale pink panties. I love how your bras always match your panties. You really want to meet me? When? where? I will leave it up to you as until we start officially dating you control more of our relationship than I do. Love your admirer. Always. Forever He liked her underwear. How the heck did he know what she wore? Her cheeks pinked at the thought of him seeing her underwear and her mind went to the gutter. Did he fantasize about her? Did he pleasure himself with thoughts of them together? She had to stop before she drove herself crazy and wrote another letter. Dear my admirer You sound so gorgeous and perfect to me. I do trust you when it comes to your past relationships or lack there of. You like me in blue and pink? How do you know which color I wear? And my bra color? You like in me blue and pink? How exactly do you know what color I'm wearing underneath my clothes? Yes I want to meet you, it's all I think about. I just don't want to wait anymore. What about just before sunset the day after I leave this letter, at our message tree? Love your Bella, Always, forever. This was it. would he leave a letter stating he wasn't ready yet which would break Bella's heart into a million irreparable pieces. Or would he show? The next night, just an hour before sunset Bella was sitting at the base of the tree and waited patiently for her secret admirer to turn up. She started to bite her nails with worry. What if he decided that it wasn't worth it? What if this was all some sick joke? She felt her chest constrict with the thoughts that swirled in her head. She knew that she shouldn't feel so strongly for a man she didn't know but from the very first time she read his wonderful words she was hooked and the energy the pulsed through her body when he was possibly close by only strengthened her feelings. But if he changed his mind or this was a joke then Bella know she wouldn't be able to survive and she just sat there hoping that she he showed. Her anxiety was growing as she sat there biting her thumb nail when Edward made his way out of the forest. He stood at the edge of the forest and looked over and saw the woman who had taken root in his heart biting her nails. She looked nervous Edward thought to him himself 'I hope she is not regretting our meeting, god I already love her, I hope she feels the same' "Don't bite your fingernails beautiful." Bella heard a voice say and she gasped as she laid eyes upon the most gorgeous man she had ever seen. She stood up and they both looked at each other from toes to head. She was a vision from his hiding spot but up close she was a goddess and his heart felt like it was going to fly out of his chest. She knocked the breath out of him with her beauty. He could hardly find the words to say what he wanted so he held his arms open, smiling as Bella ran into them and wrapped her arms around his waist. He sighed in contentment as she looked up and rested her chin on his chest and he was able to gaze down into her beautiful chocolate brown eyes. It was her eyes that caught his attention the first time, so big and expressive and the color of chocolate and coffee, he was an addict from the very start. "What's your name?" Bella asked looking in to his vivid forest green eyes. He was beyond whatever she imagined with his oddly colored hair that she just wanted to run her fingers through tug on, his mesmerizing green eyes that reminded her of just cut grass and summertime and as she hugged him tighter she could feel the hard panes of his body and she knew that her imagination would be so flawed when she finally got a glimpse of that body under his clothes. She felt her heart pound and her cheeks heat with her dirty thoughts. He was her dream come true. "My name is Edward Anthony Masen Cullen and I am 36 years old." Edward informed her. Bella swooned, even his name was sexy. "I'm Isabella, Bella Marie Swan and as you know and I'm 18." She told him as Edward slowly cupped Bella's face running his thumbs over her defined cheekbones. Edward took one tiny step back and softly tilted her head up for easy access. "May I kiss you Bella?" Edward asked then he started to descend his mouth onto hers, Edward kept and inch distance until he saw her nod in acceptance his mouth was on hers and he moaned as he felt her lips for the first time. His dreams couldn't hold a candle to the real thing. The kiss was a gentle, sweet, soft, closed mouth kiss as Edward didn't want to scare her by moving too fast. "Would you like to have a coffee with me so we can talk?" Edward asked as he stood and held his hand out for Bella to take, absolutely thrilled when she did. "Yes, that would be lovely." Bella beamed at him and he sighed as they made their way out of the clearing and onto the street.