he explained he used when he was out amongst the living. His flesh was pale white, cool to touch that still set me on fire and was hard as steel. He was more beast than man and I loved him more than anything. "Isabella," he voice swept over me like a caress and all I could do is gaze into his eyes. "Are you ready to be mine?" he asked and I just turned my head to the side; exposing the skin of my neck and waited. I moaned loudly as his fangs sank into my flesh. It hurt and I could feel the pulling as my blood left my body. After what felt like an eternity, he pulled back with a snarl and I could see my blood dripping down his chin and he kissed me deeply. He sliced open his wrist and urged me to drink from him. I smiled lazily and tried to sit up, to take what he offered but the fatigue was too much. I think I told him I loved him before my world went dark. One year later, Halloween I watched as he walked about the club, grinding on whatever girl glanced his way and then followed him to the alleyway. I heard the sound of his zipper come undone and the clang of metal as his belt and pants hit the ground. The girl that backed into the wall was no older than eighteen. I rolled my eyes at her cries and moans of pleasure as the brute hiked her skirt up and pulled her top down. I could hear their hearts beating wildly, smell their blood pumping through their veins and I found myself edging towards them as a snarl tried to rip from my throat. She told him to stop that she heard something but he told her to shut up. I laughed loudly and the two of them stopped their carnal activity. I chuckled as he fell back against the wall, all color drained from his face while he tried desperately to pull his pants back up. "Bel...Bella...is that you?" he gasped and I smiled. "But how, you're dead, they found your body in the lake. You can't be here, it just can't be," he yelled but I just smiled wider. "Felix," the young girl stammered noticing my teeth, her fear dripping from every pore. "Shut up!" he hissed both of them backing away slowly but I cut them off. I couldn't help but smile evilly as they both screamed when they turned to find me already there. "Do you have any idea what it's like to be chosen Felix? To be the one selected? It's a great honour," I said with pride. "Wh...what is?" he stuttered and I saw the little girl make a break for it but I was too fast and wretched her from her air. "To die," I snarled and sunk my teeth into her young flesh, her life-force, her young blood coating my throat and filling my body with life. I pulled back from her with a growl making a show of licking every last drop as my ex looked on in horror. I waited for it, that flicker in his eyes that would indicate he would run. He did not disappoint and I let him get away a few feet. It wasn't like he could go far; there was a dead one end up ahead. I jumped on the nearest roof and watched as he ran down the dark alleyways and banged on closed darks of abandoned buildings in his haste to escape me. I chuckled as he kept looking behind him in fear that I would be running after him. Silly mortal. It's not like he could get very far. He screamed like a wounded animal as he came upon the dead end and I grew bored watching him like a mouse in a cage so I jumped down from my perch, landing soundlessly behind him. He went to scream again but I grabbed him by the throat cutting off his terrified wails and brought his body closer to me, inhaling the scent of his blood mixed with fear. His pleas for life, for mercy fell on deaf ears but I did give him the satisfaction of knowing what I was before I drained him. I even let him go, watched as he scrambled away on the ground and heard one more scream, no doubt from the way my fangs dropped and my eyes changed from brown to black. Then I pounced and sunk my teeth into his throat until every lost drop was gone and then threw his body to the ground. "Mmmm, did you enjoy that?" the love of my life asked as he kicked the corpse that had rolled to his feet away and I couldn't help but lick my lips and fingers as I moaned in pleasure. Edward's eyes gleamed in the darkness, his own fangs ready. He had not fed yet; instead he had stayed and watched me as I indulged. I smiled widely and giggled as he wrapped me in his arms and we shared a passionate kiss under the moonlight. Being to chosen to die is an honour, but to be the one chosen by him, for him was beyond an honour. I had always thought myself to be plain and that I would be alone, but there was something greater out there for me. I had been selected, chosen to be his. He fulfilled my greatest desires and fantasies. Cinderella may have had her prince but I had the prince of darkness and would live forever as his blood bride. " Hiding behind computer screen" I'm in knots, wondering what everyone will think. For those wondering about Blood Trails, it's coming along so keep an eye. Mrs. P has her whip out so we can get chapter 5 up! Thanks again for reading and I hope everyone loved my little taste of darkness! Greeneyes84