to pay attention to the teacher's lesson mainly. I managed to realize that I would not be behind in this class either, which was incredible news because if today was any indication of how I would be sitting next to him, then the rest of the school year was going to be a long one. I managed not to look at him during the entire class. Not even a peek, though my insides were aching to. When the bell rang, I rushed out of the class as fast as my legs would carry me without tripping over myself. I made it to my next class, French, without incident. I found an empty seat in the back after briefly saying hello to Angela. Why had I picked French as my language? It was useless. I would never speak it well enough, and I would probably never go to France. I would probably never even go to Canada. I don't know, maybe one day I would go somewhere. Maybe. I even got a passport not too long ago in the hopes that one day I would be able to get myself far away. Yet, right now, I didn't have the same urge to run away... French class passed by fairly uneventfully, except when the teacher made me introduce myself and my likes to everyone in French. Dreadful. Thankfully, my pronunciation wasn't too bad and that's half the battle with speaking French. I said bye to Angela when class ended but not before she pointed me to the direction of the gym. Because it was my first day, the gym teacher let me participate in my jeans. Luckily, they were playing badminton so it wasn't too strenuous. I was pretty athletic, though I didn't really exercise on a regular basis except riding around on my bike which I did more for pleasure. Mike was in my gym class and I noticed him on the other side of the gymnasium occasionally glancing at me. When class finally ended, I was able to leave class before the others because I didn't need to change and I made my way to my locker. It had been a long first day. I carried most of my newly acquired textbooks and made my way to the school's library. I sat at a small table and stacked the books. It was daunting playing catch-up. But still, I've had it worse in other schools where I was really behind. I took out my math notebook from my backpack and started on those problems first. I barely started when someone came walking toward my table and sat down. I looked up to see Mike staring back at me. "I was walking by and saw you in here," he said. "At the library on your first day. Such a nerd," Mike teased. "Well not everyone can be a jock like you," I teased back. "Hey, I'm in bio honors with you, if you forgot." "Jock with a brain. Excuse me, then," I said. "That's right," he smiled. Then his smile faded. "Speaking of bio. What was with Cullen? Did you say something to him?" I was slightly startled to hear Mike mention him. "What do you mean?" I questioned. "He was staring at you practically the whole class," he said a little loud for the library. No one paid mind to him though, thankfully. "He looked kinda pissed. I hope you didn't mention the gay thing. Not everyone has a sense of humor like me, especially that sullen Cullen." I smiled at the rhyme. But I quickly got serious again and said, "I didn't even know. I guess I wasn't paying attention to him." Mike looked at me dubiously, as right he should. What woman in her right mind would not pay attention to him? I didn't mention that I never spoke a word to him. What reason could he have to look at me, let alone be angry with me? I didn't want Mike speculating. But what reason had I given him? Was it because I stumbled around like a moron around him? Maybe just the proximity to him had given me an association with him that embarrassed him. Or maybe he didn't want a lab partner. I didn't think I had done anything else. So my mere existence was a nuisance to him. If I wasn't a stronger person, I'd probably contemplate throwing myself off a bridge for him right now. Wait! What am I thinking? This is way too crazy. Did he make other girls feel this way? I would not be surprised if he did. "You're shaking your head," Mike said eyeing me strangely. I recovered from my insane reveries and gave him a confused look. "Beats me why he hates me. Maybe I smell bad," I said. He looked at me stunned for a second and he gave a short laugh and said, "You're funny." He stood up and added, "I like that. See you tomorrow, funny girl." I watched him leave and returned to my work. I didn't have too much trouble with my homework for the day and I even managed to backtrack and review some stuff I'd missed. It was a good distraction for my head. I ended earlier than I thought I would. I returned the heavy textbooks to my locker, thankful I wouldn't need to schlep them home which was the point of working at school and rode my bike back home with my music for company. I was eating a TV dinner in front of the television on the couch when Phil returned home from work. He showered and changed while I put another tray in the microwave for him. When we were both settled in eating and watching TV, he asked, "How was your day?" "Good," I replied, not thinking. "How was yours?" "Good," he said in a low voice. We didn't say another word to each other the rest of the night. Why couldn't high school be this easy?