the scent of honey overtook me causing my senses to be separated from my person for a moment. The door shut and and as I turned she was there the vision of my dreams. She seemed off almost haggard and she just stared at me. I dropped to my knees and once again found myself broken. "I am sorry "I could only find those words and as she moved toward me I would have given her my life if it would have ended her pain. I closed my eyes the voices of my failure tormenting me ever more. This could not be real it was just another nightmare of my shattered mind. Then there was her hand as it touched my face. I knew it in an instant my eyes opened to hers and all settled within my mind. I tried to speak but it was her who spoke. "You silly man… I should be saying that to you.. You did not kill Jasper.. and I laid that pain squarely on your shoulders it was vicious. He would not have wanted that when it was he who saved your life." I touched her face then my voice refusing to work. I wanted to tell her it was all my fault and she should hate me but instead I found her in my arms my lips pressed to hers as her hands slipped down my back. The chill she sent through me was unimaginable. Guilt and so much passion restrained passed between us and in our pain we sought solace in one another's arms. I lifted her and as she had so long ago that night in the forest her legs were about me arms around my shoulders. I breathed her in as if our lips were never going to part and as I lay her down I could think only of her beauty. My hands explored her curves trembling at the ever soft feel of her skin, our sorrows dancing entwining as we tore at one another finally clothes being torn and haphazardly strewn on the floor. My lips craved her and soon they had passed over every inch tasting deeply of her inner most depths with the thirst of man long deprived of water. Her hips bucked against me as her hands entwined in my hair and it was here that we lost all control. She very literally slung me to the side of the bed falling on me as she pulled me into herself nails dragging down my chest marking me as if I were nothing more than hers to play with. Instincts took over here and I took her rolling her and mounting her with a fury like nothing I had ever seen our two bodies in entangled almost at war. Skin, was no match for our insatiable passion and soon even that was marred. Long into the night we would ebb and flow like the tides themselves so powerful and yet so gentle as if our bodies had been made for one another and somewhere in the night we became one. The dawn had just broke on the horizon as we lay tangled in one another our own grief shared tears and sorrow spent in the sheets and.. I had to say taken out on the room which had been destroyed. I wondered if Rosalie was going to be pissed that the good majority of the furniture mother had bought them was now thrown through the east window and laying in the yard and the walls had holes in them. I eyed the claw marks on the ceiling with trepidation wondering which one of us had done that and just how. Her eyes opened and she stared up at me. I could see pain still in them but as she reached up her fingers touching my lips only to have hers replace them a moment later as she looked into my eyes and spoke the words I had longed to hear.. "I love you "I spoke them back to her and I meant them for she was the most precious thing in my life now Jasper had given me his everything and she was nothing less than that to me. Chapter Eight: Family We returned home in the fall. Mostly because Emmett and Rosalie had decided their home could no longer handle the earth shattering presence of the four of us. Though we never forgot the events which had thrown us all together time began to heal wounds. The house had been expertly rebuilt under Carlisle and Esme's skilled eyes and Renesmee had chosen to start school giving me and Emmett a great deal more time to bond as he introduced me to the joy's of fast cars and the unexpected ability Rosalie possessed to make something already incredibly dangerous far more dangerous. We had all become a family and now that spring had come I had resolved we would all find time for the fun I had never had in my life. "Oh man .. he got you again Emmett " Jacob was laughing his ass off as I once again deposited the big man in the dirt " You should try it dog boy it's like trying to throw a cliff over itself." I laughed as I danced back "Different person same result bring it on kibble breath. No one is going to get the better of me.." I found myself falling to the ground the most beautiful face leaning over kiss my lips and I found I toppled like a mountain into the sea as the other two laughed. " Down he goes .. " I heard Jacob whisper as Emmett fell on the ground and counted a symbolic three count. I was already lost in her eye's I had found my heaven and the choking and gagging around me was not even heard as I touched her face.. one could be surprised what gifts god could give if one were only Repentant..