satisfied with the growl that sounded behind me. (Edward's POV) I didn't know what it was about her, but as she left I could feel myself hate her even more. Before I made any rash decisions, I had to talk to the family about this. How couldn't Alice have seen this happening?! And what did she mean by '100 times your age'? Lastly, what was she? She definitely wasn't a vampire, I would have smelled it. "What's wrong with you this time Edward?" Rosalie asked me annoyed. She hated me even more after I brought home Bella. The rest of the family trailed in behind her with Bella next to Alice. I walked up to her and kissed her forehead, she sighed softly. "There's another supernatural person at this school; I talked to her a little, and there was something about her that put me on end." Alice closed her eyes, probably trying to have a vision, but then pouted. "I can't see anything about the new girl. What did she do that was so bad?" "Maybe she was flirting with him, and he couldn't handle it!" Emmet joked, snorting. He was so immature. Jasper laughed, though. He fist bumped Emmett and they snickered softly. "This is serious you guys! She said that this was her territory before ours. Then she said 'I'm probably 100 times your age'" I told them. Bella looked confused to what was happening and I knew I would have to tell her sometime. "Maybe we should invite her over to our house, school is almost over anyway. I should ask her, though. I don't think she likes you very much Edward." Alice said lightly, and I agreed. "What did you guys say that her name was?" Jasper asked suddenly. I didn't know if it mattered, but Rosalie answered him; She always had a soft spot for him. "I'm pretty sure her name is Ashley Carson." Rosalie told Jasper, and Jasper gasped. "Mistress." - (Ashley's POV) I absolutely loved that I could mess with the infamous Edward Cullen like that; it gave me a burst of joy, and I smiled to myself. Going to their house after school would be kind of awkward, but I'm pretty sure that my dad would do all the talking. I just had to get this school day over with and then I would be in the clear, hopefully. During my internal rant I must have not been paying attention to my surroundings because I suddenly bumped into a human on my way to class. Well, way to go on your first day Ashley, I thought to myself sarcastically. The human had dropped her books, too. "Sorry, I wasn't watching where I was going." I shook my head, and gave her a slight smile, "It was my fault, don't worry about. I've been in my head a lot lately." With that, it seemed that I made a brand new friend, because she asked me if I wanted her to show her to my class. "Sure," I agreed. I could actually tolerate this human; you learn something everyday, huh. "Wait, I haven't had a chance to ask what your name was." The human wondered, and I cursed at myself for forgetting the most main thing. What kind of supernatural creature was I? "My name's Ashley Carson, but my friends usually call me Ash, what's yours?" I asked her politely. I had this feeling that I had to protect her and get to know her. How peculiar. "Angela." She said, and she smiled at me. We got caught up with each other as we walked, and I found out about her 2 little brothers. I told her that my mom had called me a witch and told me to get out, and she even gave me a hug. She also told me that she was adopted, but that she loved her family all the same. (Jasper's POV) I could tell all of my siblings were confused as to why I had said such a thing, but I had more pressing matters to thing about. Could it really be my sire that so happened to end up going to the same school as us? I really hoped so, I had missed her when she let me leave, seeing how unhappy I had become there. The bell sounded and it was now the end of the day. "Jasper?" Rosalie asked cautiously, and I turned to her but said nothing; I didn't have anything to say. "Why did you say 'Mistress' when I talked about Ashley?" "Because, she's my sire." (Ashley's POV) I had already told my dad what had happened at school once I got home, and we were now on our way to the Cullen's house. We pulled up to the house and it was huge, even our house wasn't this big – and it was large. "Nice to meet you," The blond male said to my father. He had just appeared from thin air, and he looked to be in his twenties. "My name is Carlisle." "My name is Matthew Carson, and this is my daughter Ashley Carson." My dad said, and he gestured to me softly. Carlisle smiled and called out for his family to come outside in a normal voice, they were vampires with heightened hearing obviously. I hadn't noticed before, but one of the scents here was very familiar. Before I could do anything, I saw a flash of honey colored hair and I was lifted from the ground. When the person finally pulled back enough for me to see their face, I gasped at the face I haven't seen in a long time, it almost hurt to thing about. "Jasper," I said my voice full of surprise. He had a mischievous look on his face and I knew what he was going to do. And just as I suspected he smirked before leaning forward, and letting his teeth pierce the skin of my neck. Well, old habits die hard.