your shoulders." I told her sincerely. "It saddens me that you don't know this, but family is forever. You do not stop being family just because one person dies." She explained her opinion to me. "When I stop breathing, I won't remember you. I won't remember anything. I won't be anything. What is that quote? Ashes to ashes, dust to dust or something? I will turn to dust." I tried to reason with her. A spark of anger appeared on her face, but disappeared as quickly as it came. She was good at composing herself. "I don't believe that. I lost my first and only biological son years ago, but I firmly believe my baby boy is looking down on me from heaven. I don't know if I will ever see him again, or if I will ever get to heaven at all, but I hope so." The sorrow in her words as she spoke of her deceased son was overpowering. I had to take a deep breath to keep myself composed. Obviously I said the wrong thing to her. Not wanting to offend her further I rested my cheek on her shoulder. We sat like that until a man wearing a hair net walked into the room and sat a tray on the table. He left without saying a word. The smell of hospital food already had my stomach churning. "You should probably leave now. Because it is pretty much a guarantee that once the food goes in me, it will come straight back out." I gave her the opportunity to leave; a get out of jail free card. "No, I will be fine. You are my seventh child, remember? Being a mother gives you a strong stomach." She had that look in her eyes; the wanting I had seen in the eyes of people who desperately wanted to adopt one of the kids in a group or foster home. It was scary to think that she may actually want me. "Suit yourself." I said taking the lid off the plate. Eggs, grits, and turkey bacon. The food was discolored and bland as always. The eggs felt like rubber in my mouth, but I ate them all. I was halfway through the grits when my stomach tightened. I reached for my barf bowl (the nurses hated when I called it that, but it was more fun the actual name), but I couldn't reach it. In one fluid motion Esme grabbed the bowl and held it under my chin just in time for my breakfast to make its reappearance. My throat burned, my head hurt, and my mouth tasted disgusting. I couldn't stop heaving even after my stomach was empty. Tears rolled down my face as I tried to gain control over my body, but it just wouldn't work. I coughed and heaved and gasped for air. It hurt so bad I couldn't even bring myself to feel embarrassed. After an immeasurable period of time that felt like forever, my stomach gave up on trying to kill me. I felt too weak to even sit up, so I fell back onto my pillows. Breakfast was always the worst. I closed my eyes and tried taking deep breaths, but sometimes, it wouldn't work. So I focused on the blackness that was the back of my eyelids. Nothing but darkness. "You are going to hurt yourself, sweetheart. You need to let go." I had forgotten Esme was in the room until she had her cold hands on mine, pulling on them. I opened my eyes to see that I was clutching my stomach. It hurt, like it normally did, but it always hurt the most after I ate, or threw up. I was unsure which because they came as a pair. Never one without the other. "Oh my!" I heard her exclaim. "Wh-whats wrong?" I whispered. My head was pounding from the strain of heaving. "There is blood in this!" She was scared and startled and surprised. I just nodded my head. "Yeah. That happens." My voice was so quiet, I don't know how she heard it. I wiped away my tears with the back of my hand. Esme must have called a nurse because one came in the room and started asking questions loudly. I ignored whatever she was saying. "Give me the stuff that knocks me out. I have a headache, vertigo, pain in my upper and middle abdomen, and I am nauseous. There was blood in my vomit, but you'll have to ask Esme how much. I didn't see. And would you please lower your voice?" I knew how to deal with the nurses after years of practice. I had to convince them I was not faking my pain. All of the nurses were convinced I was always pretending to be in more pain than I was. All I wanted was to be unconscious. "Yeah, that is a lot of blood." I imagined Esme shoving my barf bowl into the hands of the nurse as the nurse spoke. "I'll be back with medication. I am not authorized to give you the medication I know you want, that is for night use only. But I will give you the stuff that makes you drowsy and sleep talk." She knew me equally as well as I knew her. I didn't acknowledge that I heard her speak. As promised, she returned with fast working medication. Immediately I could feel myself slipping into slumber. I was already exhausted, and the drowsiness caused by the medication was all I needed to fall asleep. "I'll come back to see you later, you need to rest now." Esme whispered into my ear, and then I felt something cold pressed against my forehead. I must have been half asleep already, because my response was not something I would do if I was aware of my actions. "Stay with me." I grabbed blindly and managed to grip her arm in my hand. "I don't want to die alone."