ER, they think her arm is broken." I placed some bills on the table and my parents didn't even argue over the bill. They just followed me out. "What happened?" dad asked as we waited for our cars. "I don't know, I'll ask when she gets there." He nodded his head. "I'll meet you guys at the hospital" my mother yelled when they brought my car and Carlisle and I got in. I was gunning the engine before I even had a chance to put on my seat belt. We ran to the ER and got to the reception desk the same time they did. Alice rushed up to me and began to explain. "She was on the monkey bars when she slipped and fell. Bella said she wasn't that far up, but she must have hit the ground just right." I could hear Ally crying. "Where is she?" I asked. Alice pointed towards the chairs and I rushed over. Before I could process anything else I was looking into the most stunning brown eyes I had ever seen. "I am so sorry Dr. Cullen. I just turned my back for a second to separate a fight between two boys and the next thing I knew she was on the ground and crying. I'm not a doctor, but I know her arm is broken and called Alice as soon as I could." She had tears in her eyes and there was no way I could be mad at her. I took in the scene in front of me. Ally was only sniffling by this time and the woman was holding an ice pack to her arm while cradling her on her lap. Ally had her head on her shoulder and was holding on tight to her neck with the other, her hand tangled in her long hair. "It's alright…" I said, searching for her name. "Bella" Beautiful "Bella" and I knelt in front of them and turned to Ally. "Ally, honey, want to come with daddy now? We need to take some pictures of your arm." She nodded her head. "Can Miss Bella come?" she asked with a sniffle. I looked up at Bella and she nodded her head. "Sure honey" I went to take her from Bella but Ally just wove her hand deeper into Bella's hair and held on tighter. I was shocked. Bella gave me a small apologetic smile and stood up. I shook myself of my shock and began leading them to x-ray. How could Ally have created such an attachment in only hours? I could hear Bella murmuring words of comfort to my daughter while we walked and I felt a tug on my heart. 00000000oooooooo00000000oooooooo00000000 Alice As soon as they turned down the hall I looked over at mom and dad. "Did you see that?" I asked a bit excited. Mom had the same look as me and dad just smiled while still looking at the door we just exited. "I did, I knew it." She agreed nodding her head. "What are the two of you up to?" my father asked with his arms crossed and an eyebrow raised, he knew damn well what we were up to because he was up to the same thing. "You know damn well what we are up to" I called him out and he chuckled but kept that innocent look on his face. "I have no idea what you're talking about" he answered still smiling, "though she's like another daughter to me and your mother, and Charlie has turned into one of my best friends" he finally gave in. "Well, this is the first time that Edward and Bella have met." I replied. "That still astounds me, how is it that five years could go by and the two of them have never interacted?" he asked. "They just never seemed to intersect. Edward was at another school than us, always four years ahead. Every time he came to the house for dinner Bella was otherwise occupied. I have been trying to get these two to meet up forever. When Ally was born and Tanya…" I shook my head. "It wasn't the right time then either and Bella was just getting over a bad breakup." He nodded his head in understanding. "Oh, this is too good" I said, finally dropping into a seat in the waiting room. I beamed at my mother. "I knew the two of them would meet eventually. They had to. Even though Bella was trying her damndest to avoid it, I think she thought Edward wouldn't be keen on the idea, though in the beginning I imagine he probably wouldn't have been." The two of them nodded their heads in agreement, they each knew how hard it had been on Edward. "I think it would have been better for Edward, all this wasted time" mom let out with a frustrated sigh. Bella loves Ally like a daughter and it would have killed her to see her call another woman mother. Every time Ally looks at Bella she has this longing in her eyes. She even slipped once while we were at the zoo and called her mom. Oh, Bella positively beamed before correcting her. That was when Bella told her to call her 'mathair'. It wasn't until later when I looked up the meaning of the word that Ally was still actually calling her mother." "I think Edward is in trouble. I've got to call Charlie and tell him" he said shaking his head and pulling out his phone. Those two men were as bad as mom and I when it came to gossip. They just weren't willing to admit it. "You got that right" I said. "Oh, this is going to be fun" my mom exclaimed with a beaming smile on her face and the two of us embraced and jumped in place with excitement. I could see dad rolling his eyes, but he was also telling Charlie all about what was happening.