short, plump, glasses wearing geek and thought she would probably be some feminist activist or something. I shook my head and once again attempted to concentrate on my notes. When I finally entered my classroom I looked around at all the students milling around getting ready for class. I smiled and headed over to the class computer, logging in and turning on the projector. It said it was on, but there was nothing showing up on the screen. I looked over at the projector and saw that the shutter was stuck. Great, first day and there are already problems. I headed over to the projector and took note of the young lady sitting in the chair almost directly under it. She was beautiful. Long brown hair that swept around a heart shaped face. She had porcelain skin and a perfect pink mouth that would look great around my…whoa. Damn, what was I thinking? I tried to shake the images trying to invade my mind as I pulled out the chair next to her, but my half erect cock had other ideas. The girl jumped and I couldn't help the chuckle that escaped me as I stood on the chair. I looked at the projector and forced the shutter open, I glanced down and witnessed the girl looking directly at my crotch and smiled. I adjusted my stance a little and pretended to clean the lens of the projector for a moment. I watched her pretty much eye fuck me for a minute before stepping down and pushing the chair back in with a chuckle. I looked into her eyes and was sucked in by their brown depths. Again…beautiful. I was finally able to detach myself from those depthless beauties to look down at her paper. I read what she wrote and my heart stopped and I smiled at the same time. I looked back up at her and the most delicious blush was covering her face and making its way down her chest. I idly wondered how far down that blush went. Anyway…apparently I wasn't the only one pissed about the situation. And apparently this was Miss Swan. I was fucked. I stepped up to the front of the classroom and began to write on the whiteboard, thinking of the beauty that was sitting in my classroom right now. The rest of the class seemed to drag on as I tried to maintain some semblance of decorum as a teacher…but damn was it hard with Miss Swan sitting so close. And never had I been so thankful for the round robin I tortured my students with. Apparently Isabella Swan was a bit of an extreme sports junkie and her number one hobby was cooking…god I was in so much trouble. I managed to keep my dick in my pants during the class and afterwards while I was in my pseudo- meeting with her. Though doing so was made very hard when she wrapped her arms around me in thanks. My cock had gone from half mast to full in a nano-second and I found out just how fucking fantastic she smelled. Like strawberries and flowers. I wanted to grab her, wrap her legs around me and fuck her hard… She seemed just as surprised as myself when the next class began to fill up, and of course I decided it was a good idea to take her out to dinner? A professional dinner…yeah right…keep telling yourself that. Well fuck me. I was so deep in shit. I was still mulling this turn of events over when my phone began to ring. I rolled my eyes when I looked at the I.D. She always seemed to call when I needed her. "Alice" "Hey little brother." "Stop calling me that, you're only three minutes older than me." "Whatever, Jasper and I are having a BBQ tomorrow and wanted to know if you wanted to come. You're not working are you?" "No, I'm not working, but I am meeting with someone tomorrow night." "Oh" I could hear the gears turning in her head at this. I hadn't dated in a while and she naturally assumed this was one. "You could always bring her along…" "She's one of my students Alice, and it's a meeting about class." I know I sounded a bit impatient with her, but she could smell one of my lies from a mile away. And fuck me if she didn't sniff this one out. "A student huh? So what are you and this student doing during the meeting tomorrow? Where were you going to have it?" Well she had me there, I had no fucking clue. "I have no fucking clue? I hadn't thought it out that far when I asked her to meet me over dinner." Shit, I didn't mean to say that out loud. "Dinner huh? Well…you know we can give you some space here to have your 'meeting' and then spend some time with the family. Mom and Dad are coming too, as well as Emmett." Well hell, it's not like I had any better plan. "If you promise to give me some space…" She was quick to reassure me that they would. "I'll have to ask her, but I don't see a problem with it. I'll call her and ask and then call you back with an answer." I hung up the phone before she had a chance to say anything more and then quickly dialed Bella. To my utter surprise, she agreed and I made plans to pick her up at her place. This was looking more and more like a date each minute and I was sure I was crossing some line here. A hell, I really didn't give a fuck. I wanted to get to know Bella as more than just a TA. I would have to look up some rules when it comes to relationships…what the fuck. Relationship? Where the hell did that come from? Fuck I was in so deep already.