her lungs. It was hard to breath around the feel of him. Be he wasn't done. Lifting her hips higher, her legs dangling uselessly, he forced himself in those last few inches. Bella could feel him against her rear and knew that it was over. It was over finally. Only it wasn't. As abruptly as he had forced himself on her, he was pulling back. She could feel her raw insides dragging over him uncomfortably as he withdrew. Bella breathed out a pained hiss, only for it to morph into a soundless keen as he rocked back in. Body pumping hers in a way that had her thrashing, the swell of pleasure that burned in the pit of her gut expanding. Bella screamed herself hoarse, body bucking with every piston of the hip's nestled against her own, torn somewhere between blissful pain and agonizing pleasure. The hand in her hair swept it to the side and her neck became a targeted point of interest. Every nip of teeth, swipe of tongue or caress of lips against her neck caused another electrifying pulse to coarse through. The rising pressure getting to a point it was almost unbearable, leaving her teetering on the edge of a void. It was painful. It was perfectly tortuously delicious. He bashed against her cervix, and clawed at her hair. It was terrifying. The sounds coming from him were so far from human Bella dared not look him in the face. But neither terror nor pain could stop her from biting her arm to keep in the lewd noises that he seemed determined to draw from her. Teeth sunk into the flesh of her shoulder, biting down till blood pooled in the crescent wound and cooled on her skin. Bella tried not to breathe through her nose. She didn't want to smell it. Didn't want to acknowledge it. Merely focused on how close, so incredibly close, she was to falling into that black abyss. A second hand joined the first at her waist, but this one was gentle. Not pulling her roughly into jarring ruts that mashed her further into the table, but careful and clever. Doing something between her legs that had stars bursting behind her lids and light dancing in her vision. The bubble burst. Bella fell, no, hurtled into to the known, coming apart with a wild cry of abandon and weird combination of her limbs stiffening yet going completely slack at the same time. Black clouded her vision and she lay gasping for breath. Pain long forgotten, mind numb. The fingers toying between her legs slid away and became a second vice, this time sliding up to cup her breasts. Another means in which to wrench her backwards. A deafening roar erupted from beside her head and the erratic rocks into her body came to a stuttering halt, warmth bursting within her. For a second, the body hovering over hers collapsed against her, crushing her into the table. And then it was gone, stealing away from her with a snarl. Bella slumped from her position and slid to the floor. Her thighs were a mess of blood. Her breasts had tiny nicks under the swells of them. Her neck... her neck was probably the worst, throbbing painfully and crusting with blood. But it was over. And she was alive. Dead inside maybe. But alive in person. She reached for her shorts and panties, sliding them up her legs without standing until she absolutely had to. Standing itself was a painful event, and the whole time the hunched, huffing figure in the corner of them watched her. Bending with a painful hiss, Bella picked up the torn remains of her tank-top. One sleeve was torn and most of the midriff was ripped away. But she slid it on regardless. Shock. She realised she was in shock. Past the point of horror. Past the point of pain. Functioning on the goal of going home. "I'm sor-" Bella began woodenly only to jump when a snarl broke through the room with a ferocity that had her flinching. "GET OUT!" Bella turned on her heel and ran for the door. The figure remained hunched in the corner, gold glowing eyes never blinking as they watched her. The door opened with a creak and snapped shut with a bang. The calm was broken. Bella let go of any pretenses and stumbled towards her car in a staggering dash. She had no idea what just happened. But she was getting out of here. Now. Unlocking her truck with shaking hands, Bella climbed up into her seat, slammed the door, locked it then looked down to find the ignition. When the keys were in she looked up, checked her mirrors and nearly screamed when she saw him standing behind her truck. Shoving the truck into gear, she stomped down on the gas and took off, never letting him out of her sight. Once his hulking silhouette disappeared from her mirror, Bella let the first few sobs escape her. By the time she pulled up out front of the Black's she was a shivering, blubbering mess. Unable to shake the image of his face from her mind. The look on his face would haunt her till the end of days. Contorted in pure agony and stained with tears. He'd been crying. It hadn't been sweat. It had been tears, his silent tears, that had rained down around her during that god-awful imitation of sex. -End- Yep. That's about it. So many of you are probably thinking, what the holy fuck. All I can say is, not all love comes in a pink pretty box. Sometimes it's an explosion that consumes everything within it's blast radius. Make no mistake, I love this couple and I love Paul. But this is centered around the time he'd be new to the change. Let me know if you think I should leave it here make it a multi-chapter, I leave it up to you guys.