wall. "What the hell is wrong with you?" Emmett asks. Rosalie doesn't answer. She stares at Emmett like she's just remembered he was even there. "Seriously Rose these mood swings are getting out of control and I'm sick of it," Emmett states. Rosalie scoffs and laughs bitterly as her eyes squint at her husband. "Don't you dare," she starts, "do not stand there with that fake as hell woe is me bullshit coming out of your mouth. Both you and I know damn well I am not who you were fucking just now." Emmett's only reaction is to stare. He tries twice to say something, anything, but nothing seems good enough to explain. "Thought so," Rosalie says. "You know, you could have just told me." "It's not like that Rose," Emmett tries to explain but Rosalie cuts him off. "I can still smell him on you! I guess it's a good thing that I don't have to worry about bug bites or diseases cause I'd really hate to catch fleas." "Look, you're only catching his scent because I was hanging out with Jacob and…" "And what? Your little boyfriend showed up to suck you off before you had to go home to your terrible wife." "Nothing like that happened! Will you just let me fucking talk? I only just found out okay! I mean, I knew I liked when he came over with Jacob and the other guys but as the feeling got stronger I just … I don't know exactly how it works Rose, but somewhere along the line Embry imprinted on me. He had begged the pack not to say anything before because he was afraid of how I would react." "How sweet. And how long did it take for you to get him on his knees?" "I told you, nothing like that has happened. Please, do not talk about my mate like that," Emmett says the words with deadly finality. A shape-shifter has imprinted on him and he accepts the position it puts him in. A divorce is imminent. She knew it was coming, but it didn't make it hurt any less. "Your mate?" Rosalie scoffs, "that's real cute Emmett." "Oh don't act like it's just me Rose; okay. Do you think I'm blind? You could have came and talked to me too. You and Leah…" He doesn't get to finish the sentence. Rosalie's palm collides with his face, knocking him back a few steps. "Me and Leah what? There is no fucking me and Leah! Because in case you haven't noticed…" Rosalie stops when her voice cracks. Is she really ready to speak out loud about this? If he asks how and why there are tears rolling down her face what is she to say? How does Emmett even know? Does anyone else know? "In case … you haven't noticed … she doesn't particularly … care … for my company." Rosalie looks out the window to the spot Leah had stood on. She can't stop the tears or the tremble in her voice. "No one ever … wants to stay with me," she whispers as she turns to face him again. "So you see … Emmett … there was never … anything … for me to tell you." Emmett feels every bit of the pain in Rosalie's words. He hadn't meant for them to end this way. He didn't want to see her hurt. He genuinely thought she and Leah had already connected. He wraps his large arms around Rosalie and holds her. Arms that used to make her feel loved and wanted, now feel foreign. Rosalie pushes him away and shakes her head while walking backwards towards their en suite. "I don't need your pity Emmett." She slams the bathroom door and manages to hold it together long enough to get under the shower; hoping that it masks the sound of her sobs. Emmett doesn't want her to be alone. He starts to walk towards the door; he'll break it down if he has to. "Emmett." His father's voice stops him. He hadn't even noticed when Esme and Carlisle had gotten home. "Let Esme talk to her. Get dressed, come walk with me," Carlisle says. Emmett recognizes that it's neither a request nor a suggestion. He does as he's told, and leaves Rosalie to Esme. Esme gives Rosalie thirty minutes of solitude; not a second more. She walks into her daughter's bathroom and finds her sitting, curled up in a little ball with her chin on her knees. The sobbing has stopped, but silent tears are still making their way down Rosalie's cheeks. Esme shuts off the shower and her worry increases. Rosalie still hasn't moved. Esme carefully and slowly brushes Rosalie's hair out of her eyes and behind her ears. Only then does Rosalie acknowledge her; but Esme doesn't like what she sees in the blonde's eyes. "Are you okay?" Esme knows she isn't, but she doesn't want to push too hard. "I'm sorry if I ruined any plans you and Carlisle may have had." "Our first priority is always the welfare of our children Rosalie; you know that. And we were just out hunting, so no plans ruined." "Okay," Rosalie replies then looks away. "Come on, let's get you out of here," Esme says. Rosalie allows Esme to pick her up and dress her. Her hair is mostly dry by the time she finds the will to speak again. She's her usual self; even though Esme can see past the mask. She's dismissive about everything and when Esme calls bullshit, she simply says, "I'll work it out Mom. It's not that big of a thing." Esme lets her get away with it. She's not psychic and she can't read minds, but she's always been very in tune with her charges, especially Rosalie; she knows what Rosalie is preparing herself for. She doesn't like it, but she'll still support the blonde's decision. She has to let Rosalie find herself. To be continued… Please review