bedroom, I would do anything if it meant he would be alive tomorrow. I was in a state of pull blown panic. "I don't know whether to be happy that you care so much about me or completely pissed that you think I'm so incapable of doing what I was born to do…" He whispered heatedly. I cried harder, "I know you can fight Jake! I just don't trust her!" he shushed me again and I sobbed quietly. A soft howl reached our ears and I clutched tighter to him. "It's show time Bells, let's go outside and play for the cameras," he kissed my forehead and gently unwrapped my clenched arms from around him. He smiled and walked outside, and I was helpless to do anything but follow. We walked through the yard and into the trees not far away. The pack was all there, all in their wolf forms but Sam. "Jacob," his voice was clear and calm, and soft, as if he knew she was listening and he didn't have to worry a bit about her not being close enough to hear him. "Quil scented the leech bitch near his home, we think she is still skulking around there. The pack is going to hunt her tonight, we need you." Jacob growled, "I won't leave Bella just so she can circle back and hurt her." "The leech won't circle back, she will have to feed soon, we need to catch her when she's weak," Sam said. "I WILL not leave Bella alone," Jake growled and pushed me behind him. "I will stay," Paul shifted from his wolf form and stood in front of us, I could see the blood dripping down his leg from where I stood, "I wouldn't be much use in a fight against the leech anyway." I didn't have to fake a sharp intake of breath as he moved into the moonlight and I saw a gouge the size of my palm on his upper right thigh. "Paul…that's horrible…what…what happened…" He laughed and winced. I didn't think it was faked either, "Embry got carried away when we were…playing… shoved me into a tree." Jared laughed, "Luckily a branch caught him." "Luckily, he wasn't hurt worse, you two are idiots," Sam scowled. He REALLY wasn't faking. "Back to the leech; Paul, you go inside with Bella, let her clean that up, and Jacob, come with us." He shifted, and any chance of further argument was lost. Sadly enough I was probably the only one that wanted to argue. Jacob turned to me, "I'll be back. I promise… I'll end it tonight." He tossed Paul a pair of shorts I hadn't seen him carrying. It would end. One way or another. "Remember why you are coming back," I whispered and turned to Paul. "Come on, Charlie's asleep by now; let's get that…hole, cleaned up." Paul smiled at me, and started walking towards the house, only slightly favoring one side. Jake smiled at me, like he was just going down to the gas station to get us a couple of snacks, "I'll be right back." I nodded and turned. God damn my stupid eyes…they just wouldn't stop leaking… Paul squeezed my shoulder, "He'll be back. You should know better than anyone that no leech is going to scare off Jacob ." I winced at his words, and he smiled. This wasn't the first time I found myself thinking that Paul didn't like me. I waved my hand at the chair next to him instead of replying. He rolled his eyes but sat down and let me start cleaning away the blood. He cocked his head as if he was listening to something, and then mumbled, "So tell me how Charlie is doing." I blinked at him, we both knew that he didn't care about Charlie. "It's too quiet Bella. Tell me anything." His voice was low, and he was talking to me, but he never once looked at me. I nodded and started to tell him about how Charlie was doing, and then how my mother and her man were doing, and ended up venting about her always getting to act like a child when I had to act like an adult. I stopped talking after I finished wrapping his leg and realized I had said a lot more than I'd intended to. He nodded and stood up, "Let's watch some TV." I walked over to turn on the TV and turned around to find his back to me while he slipped off his shorts, the only article of clothing he was wearing, in my kitchen floor. I whirled around, but it was too late, the image of his ass was seared into my brain. "Paul!" A soft thump on the couch told me he had sat down, so I felt safe enough to turn around. Again I was surprised, but at least this time he wasn't naked. "Paul, what are you-" He shook his furred head as if to shush me, and then dug at the couch with one of his paws…which I guess could be sort of interpreted as patting the seat. I sat and looked up at the huge animal perched on my couch. Again his head was cocked, listening to more than I could ever hear. I think an hour passed before I had to break the silence, but it felt more like 8. "Is he ok Paul?" I whispered. Paul turned his huge head towards me, looking at me with such human eyes, studying me. Slowly he nodded and I heaved a sigh of relief; only to suck it back in as I heard a window shatter upstairs. Paul was instantly jumping up the stairs, five at a time, and then he was gone from my sight. I stood up and listened for any noise of a brawl. "Dearest Bella," her voice whispered from behind me as her cold hand clamped over my mouth like a steel band. "I've missed you so…"