with full corroborating evidence. There will be no way you will be able to deny any of it. Believe me, I will ruin what little reputation you have left. I may be young, I maybe new to this town, but I am not a pushover and some skank can't just walk all over me and try to claim what is MINE. Edward is mine now and forever! You had your chance with him and lost it. Now, back the hell off and save what you can of your life and reputation," I tell her. "You little bitch, what secrets do I have that you can expose? There is nothing at all that would damage my reputation!" Maggie screams at me in a strained voice. "Well, let me see. What do I start with? How about your record for having possession of Heroin and Cocaine with the intent to sell and your jail time for prostitution?" I ask her. She just looks at me with an open mouth. "Can you prove that, Mrs. Cullen?" Robert asks me. "I would never say such things without proof. I can assure you of that, Sir. That is just the start of what I have on her," I reply "Would you be willing to share your proof with the studio? She is in breach of her contract with us. She was asked if she had any convictions upon signing the contract with us, and she said no. So, I need it to protect us when we terminate her contract effective immediately. She will not have a leg to stand on since our contract states any breach of it results in termination," Robert states. "In this case, yes, I would be pleased too. Don't reveal my sources. The whistleblower claus in any contract would cover you with her lawyers," I tell them. "Very well, you have my word on that," Robert answers me. I hand him a file from my bag containing the information I had just referred to. "Thank you very much, Mrs. Cullen. I appreciate your help. In fact, everybody at the studio does." "Well, if Ms. O'Connell is no longer an employee of the studio, I think this meeting is over. We will reconvene on Monday to decide upon a replacement for her. May I suggest we all try to come up with a replacement for her, so that we are not held up too much by the turn of events that have taken place today," Edward says. "Of course, Edward, but may I suggest we look no further than your beautiful wife? She has the asskicking down pat and is able to deliver a stinging put down," Robert responds. "No, I will not be replaced by that upstart. First my man and our life together, and now my part. I will fight you with everything I have over this," Maggie states. "She can't take it all away from me." "Sounds good to me!" Edward tells him, ignoring Maggies comments "Me too!" Jasper and Emmett say in unison. "Works for me too!" Christopher agrees. "And just remember, Ms. O'Connell, we have the contract you signed and the proof of your breach, so you have no say in the matter." Maggie flounces out of the office in a huff. We hear Lauren squeak as she passes her. "And that's what happens people, when you mess with what's mine. Family and friends are included," I say as Lauren closes the door. I turn to the others in the room, and they just all give me a look of 'We better not be pissing her off'. I just give a sweet and innocent smile. I look at Edward and arch an eyebrow at him. "This in no way means that we will not be discussing how you have been treating me." "Bella, if I haven't told you this already... Thank you for saving part of my family, even if it is not all of it. And as for you, Edward, you need to pull your fuckin' head out of your ass. Because, if you don't, you will be losing the best thing that has ever happened to you," Carlisle says. "Carlisle is right about you needing to pull your head out of your ass. If you don't, I will kick the ever livin' shit out of you. Do you hear me?" This came from Esme. I turned to her in shock. I have never heard her speak like that. "I will not be the only one to do so. There will be a line right behind me in the form of Jasper, Alice, Emmett and Charlotte." I turned to Edward and kind of gave him a sheepish grin, just thinking about all that they could do to him. "My Baby Girl, I have missed you so. I am so sorry! Please tell me that you are staying, and that you will never be leaving me again?" He tells me as he pulls me into his arms as if he would never be letting me go. He gives me a loving kiss that is sweet and filled with passion and lust. He finally stops kissing me when we need to breathe, but places a sweet but gentle kiss in the crook of my neck. He then placed his head on my shoulder. "Let's go home!" I tell him. A/N: I would like to thank once again Catastrophia for holding this contest! Some major thanks to NicciW for helping me in the places that I got stuck and for the demise of what happened to Maggie. Thanks to flamingpen18 for making this all pretty. Now, on the part of the Whistleblower law, we are not too sure if there is one in the US. If there isn't ,then there is creative liberty taking place in here. This is a fanfiction O/S. I hope that you all like what has taken place and the downfall of Maggie! Please leave a review to let me know what you all think.