she was probably the bubbliest freshman ever, or how she was almost always absolutely glowing with laughter. Leah remembered how weird she thought Sophie was the first time she smiled because her eyes completely closed when she half laughed, and you couldn't see the beautiful green, gold mix that danced as she poked out her tongue at some freshman guy. "Is she cute," Alice bounced, and Edward smiled, "Yeah... she cute," he agreed with Seth's thoughts who was far eager to prob Leah for more. "And he promises to bring her here if we don't bug him until he's READY," Edward lied and Seth barked a thanks though the mind link. "Boooooo," Alice yelled out the front door at Jacob even though it was clearly meant for Seth. Sophie on the other hand was still hyperventilating and quote frankly looked like she'd walk through hell. 'Dude what did you do to her,' Jacob thought racing towards La Push to help them out. Both of there minds raced with explanations of Leah's new friend, and the horror movie night- stopping at the little balled up girls form- calmly she sat there her head on her knees staring ahead at the wolves. Her face pale and clammy as she sat- you'd think she was a statue expect for the ragged breaths she drew unevenly. Jacob phased human before walking into the yard both of his hands up- but Sophie didn't even flinch she just kept watching her wolves. "Hey- I'm uh- a friend of Leah's and-" He started forgetting all about his little 'planned' speech he made a second ago, but Sophie's head snapped towards his a blank expression on her face besides her wide off putting eyes. "I guess It's too late to unsee that horror movie I was watching earlier to make this easier," she joked but her voice was so monotone it took a while before anyone in the yard even realized what she said. Jake laughed once- a hard tension breaking laugh- the type you make when you're just desperate for the sound. "Wolves," Sophie breathed her minds racing to Uncle Charlie saying to not read too much into the La Push voodoo about the Wolf people, they were all just superstitious. "Yeah our legends explain all about it- I'm sorry you had to find out this way. Over emotional wolves do this kinda thing and-" Jacob starts but cuts himself off reaching out to help Sophie who seemingly decided it was time for her to get up instead. "Yeah my Uncle sorta mentioned them once," She breathed her eyes trailing near the trees Seth, and Leah disappeared behind to go find clothes stored in the woods. Jacob carefully set her back down on the top step before the porch door as he got Sue Clearwater. Who for a woman her age still knew how to curse more colorful than a sailor with a bad mouth as Jacob summarized the nights events- and she started a pot of tea she meant to calm Sophie- and then throw the rest at the children who probably scared her new future family member for life. "So you just 'poof' into wolves," Sophie asked as they all gathered around the Clearwater kitchen table, she never looked up from the memorizing motion of the teas bubbles swirling around between forced sips. Sophie couldn't shake the feeling that they all were watching her though, and she didn't want to meet any of their eyes, while she was afraid of them- she was scared she didn't know what this meant for her- or Charlie- or Leah, or Seth, or Sue, or even now Jacob. Sophie had a lot of questions; To which they had all the answers. As the early hours of the morning dragged on- Jacob was surprised at how well Sophie took it. She treated it like a science experiment that needed figuring out- and a Disney movie where certain pieces of information and magic were given and expected like it always happened. Seth on the other hand could barely keep his food down- she was taking it too well compared to the other Imprints who had the secret revived in safe situations with warnings. Not only that but not once did Sophie meet his eyes, sure she asked him questions but she mainly watched Leah or diverted her eyes to her 3rd cup of tea she'd been nursing. Leah couldn't decide her brain kept bouncing back and forth on whether or not this was a good thing. Sophie was her best friend- and her only friend outside of this wolf nonsense before all this. Now that she was on the inside- well she's have to share. Sue was overjoyed Seth imprinted on a girl LEAH deemed worthy- on a girl who'd put up with LEAH. Sue knew anyone who could weather her daughter with a smile was definitely a miracle match for Seth- and definitely wouldn't be deteriorated (well at least for long) just because her children morphed into dogs. Sophie's mind was completely different then anyone else's on the pure fact that she couldn't keep it on straight with so much information- she was just glad she could stay a friend with Leah. While Sophie was nice to must everyone- and they were back... She didn't trust or get close to people easily, and wasn't about to give up Leah just because she would need to pick up a few more razors then most girls when at the grocery store. Sophie Welch was certainly going to come back and get to stay with her best friends but for now she was tired. "Leah," Sophie said between a yawn "I still like you- snout and all, but the day you pee on me to 'mark your territory I'm breaking all of your CDs." "Shut up," Leah laughed, but no one not Seth, not Jacob, not Sue was happier then Leah that Sophie accepted this life faster than anyone unsuper natural else before.