saw Rosalie in a tabloid with some model actor dude?" "Really?" "Yeah! It was dated for the night of mom and dad's dinner party. That's the other important thing she had to do." "Unbelievable." "Please, this is Rosalie we're talking about. It's very believable…." I flipped a page almost ripping it. "Isabella Swan?" the receptionist called over her desk, "She'll see you now." Bella smiled and thanked the woman. She grabbed her purse and pulled me out of my chair towards the office. "Ready to plan your wedding, future Mrs. Whitlock?" she smiled cheering me up. I smiled a little and nodded following her in as she put her arm around my shoulder. "Don't worry. They're adults." she said hugging me towards the door, "They'll figure it out eventually." Eventually was too long if you asked me. My day was full of wedding crap. Pick this color or that. Which dressing for the cake? What table cloths fit the theme?Yadda yadda yadda. I just wanted to get home to Jasper and relax. Once this wedding was over I could go back to enjoying quality time with the love of my life. I got home around ten, bushed from walking around all day without a comfortable pair of shoes. The house was dark with no sign of my fiancé around. "Babe?" I called from the door as I took off my shoes. "Babe, I'm home." I tried again. I sat my purse near the door and walked towards the bedroom. "Baby you have got to come with me next time. Bella drove me nuts with this wedding stuff." I spoke into the darkness of the hall. He had to be home, his car was in its usual spot. "She made me look at like four hundred different color schemes and themes. I mean don't get me wrong, I love to coordinate more than the next girl but gee whiz. Whose idea was it? I mean, how many shades of green does the world need? Can't we just elope?" I giggled walking into the bedroom door. There was a glow underneath the bathroom door in our room. I smiled and walked closer to it. "Baby, are you gonna make me play hide and seek when we move into a bigger house after the wedding? I'm too tired to play." I twisted the knob to find Jasper sitting on the tub holding a single rose smiling at me. Candles were lit in a path leading to him on the floor. "No I won't make you find me. But I will make you play." he grinned. He got up and walked over to me kissing me gently. "I am so tired and my feet hurt." I complained as he unbuttoned my shirt and kissed my neck. "I'll take care of you. Just relax." He undressed me and led me to the bubble bath he drew for me. He washed my hair and massaged my muscles in the warm water. "I needed this Jazz. Thank you so much." "You're entitled to it my love." he whispered as he ran his fingers along my scalp. "How was this crazy day of yours anyway?" "Oh my goodness was it crazy… First dad tells me he knows I've been lying about Edward and Rosalie calling. Or not calling for that matter." "Well they were going to have to find out sweetie." "Yeah but I just don't want mom and dad to be mad with me for covering up for them or feel down on themselves when another holiday comes and they don't show up even though I've been saying I talk to them all the time." "See, that's why I tell you not to lie for them. They're adults honey. I'm sure they have good reasons why they don't come around." "I'm sure Edward does. I'm not so sure about Rose…" I trailed off angrily. "Ok before you start pouting tell me about the rest of your day." He moved from my scalp to my shoulders. "Alright, alright." I grumbled. "Only because you're doing that." I joked. He chuckled a little and kissed my shoulder. "In that case I'll do more of this." he kissed my neck. "Hey, if you wanna hear the rest you'd better keep those lips to yourself." I smiled closing my eyes. He chuckled and continued to massage my neck and shoulders. I was silent for a moment. "Mommy gave me Nana's dress today." I said rolling my head around to the front. " Did she?" he asked rubbing harder. I put my head up and looked at him. "You knew?" I smiled. "I may have gotten a tip off from a very sweet and…emotional… mother-in-law to be." he smiled. "Oh my God." I rubbed my eyes with the inside of my index finger and thumb. "That's why you were pushing me out of the door this morning. You suck!" I pushed his leg. He chuckled and started massaging my back. "Well she had to tell me because my mom was thinking of buying your dress to surprise you. So my mom wanted to call and check to see if anyone was planning on getting you a dress." "You guys are too much. You're too good to me Jasper." I looked up and kissed him on the lips. "You deserve it. Nothing's too good for you." he planted kisses all over my face then finally my lips. He cradled my face in his hands and looked me in both my eyes, "Happy birthday Alice. I love you." "I love you too." A/N: Hello! This isn't my first fanfic but it's my first time sharing. Thank you to my lovely Beta FannishBehavior for the last minute edit! I hope it isn't boring or cheesy. Just take the ride with me please. Questions/comments/concerns/reviews are welcomed. A little background for now, Alice and Bella teach an after school art program in a building they rent to own someday. Any other curiosities feel free to ask. Thanks again!