said weakly taking a few steps toward us. Seth growled once more, lowering himself so he could get eyelevel with Jake. He shook his head in a no manor. Seth wouldn't keep secrets from the pack and Embry would be furious if he let it seem like Jake ambushed us and then talked to me after all of that. "Seth I'm fine, it'll be fine. He can talk to me if he wants to." "Alone." Jacob said, in an almost commanding tone as if he were still Seths alpha. Seth shook his head once more, that would be crossing a line. He padded over and leaned against the tree right next to me as if giving us some kind of space. "Whatever you have to say to me you can say in front of Seth. Either way it goes I'd probably just end up telling him anyways." Jake looked like he hadn't aged one bit. Everything about him was still the same as the day I met him. The only thing that had changed were his eyes. His eyes were different, they had lost his light hearted innocence. Pain seemed permanently etched into the frown lines that were beginning to form around his mouth. He still had full lips, and almond shaped eyes. Embry. I tried to keep his face front and center in my mind. Whatever happened, I wouldn't let it hurt Embry. It would be the equivalent of hurting myself. Jakes broad shoulders slumped as if he carried the weight of the world. He was shirtless, as he was in all of my memories. I allowed my eyes to trail down, watching the muscles in his chest flex slightly. He had new cuts and scars that trailed patterns across his once flawless skin. My eyes followed back up to meet his gaze. I blushed and felt the heat creep into my cheeks. "I'm sorry if I hurt you. I had to leave to protect you." I studied his eyes, looking for all the answers to my unspoken questions. "Why then Jake?" "Alice had a vision. The Volturi were going to come back. They had some new found interest in you and your talents. They figured they could use it to their advantage. We couldn't deny that you had them, they'd witnessed it for themselves." Jake began taking a step towards me in an effort to close the gap between us. "That doesn't make any sense. Why did you leave then?" I asked putting a lot of emphasis on the word you. I hoped the venom seeped into my voice. I wanted him to feel my anger and my pain. "I was like an offering to them, to keep them away from you. They were satisfied with that. I played guard dog, just like Embry said. They had never observed a wolf this close that they weren't trying to slaughter." he whispered reaching his hand out to touch me. His warm fingertips touched my cheek, and then grazed my bottom lip and chin. I placed my hand over his and closed my eyes. This is what I had wanted before I even knew what real love felt like. I shivered as all the hidden fantasies I boxed up rampaged through my head. "Jacob. You promised." I whispered pulling away from his touch. "I know Nessie. I'm sorry." "I never wanted you to leave and no one would give me any answers. You never even said goodbye. You just left me like I wasn't worth sticking around for." I could feel my throat closing from the tears I was holding back. "I wanted to believe me, I did but I didn't want to make things harder. I knew you would ask questions, and I didn't have the answers you wanted at the time." "You never even wrote or anything. I felt like you didn't care. You missed my whole life Jake." His hand gripped my shoulder and gave it a squeeze. "I never stopped caring. I love you. I always have and always will." "What was I supposed to think Jake? It's been eighteen years since anyone's heard from you. I love Embry now." That was my breaking point. I felt the tears slip down my face much to my own protest. "I was too little to let you break me but even at such a young age I had adjusted my life to you. You were always there when I needed someone for anything. Then suddenly you were just gone. Sometimes I felt like I had dreamed you. Maybe it's best that you did leave. I like where I am in life now." I reached out for Seth giving his fur a slight tug. He nodded in response, giving Jake another death glare before we both sprinted deeper into the forest. I frequently raced Seth but this time it was different. I felt the urgency surge through all of my muscles. I bounded off towards Forks, feeling all of my tension cooling inside me. I held my breath as I caught the lead. I could see my house a few miles ahead of us. All I wanted was to curl up in my bed and sleep the night away. I wanted this all to be just one bad dream. The dull ache in my heart was back, and I didn't like the feeling at all. We both skidded to a stop at the edge of the clearing. Seth had to get back to patrolling and we had wasted enough time already. "If you run into Embry will you tell him to come over?" I asked peering at Seth. He was panting heavily, his chest bounding up and down as he tried to take in as much air as he could. He nodded at me and turned away, the slight breeze ruffling his fur. "Thanks Seth." I leaned over and wrapped my arms around him and gave him a light squeeze before bounding off towards my home in smooth strides.