dying heart, until with a final throb, the muscle was still, and I was alive no longer. Nor was I in any pain. I didn't seem to be cold, either. The numbness was gone, and I felt an odd tingle, very much aware of my clothes, both where they touched my skin and where they didn't. I wasn't breathing, but I didn't seem to care. Of course not; why should I? I was dead. Wasn't I? Well, then, where was Heaven? Of course, that was assuming that I had driven the Devil away. And if not, then where was Hell? Where was I? … can't be dead… He's so still! Wake up. Come on, please, wake up. …can't have gone through all of that for nothing! Come on, Edward, wake up! Wanting to groan, I realized the Devil was still there, but there was no air in my lungs with which to make a sound. I frowned, surprised that I could frown. But I was definitely frowning. I could feel it. It worked! He moved! "Edward?" His voice was amazing! I'd thought him musical before. Curious, I wondered what he looked like, and if my vision would be clear, or blurry still, the way it had been while I'd burned. Cautiously, I opened my eyes, and heard him gasp. I was staring up at a wooden ceiling, and I marveled at the intricacy of the wood grains. The swirls and whorls and lines were fascinating. Strangely, I could still see myself. I looked in the direction from which the image of me seemed to come and met his eyes for the first time. I gasped, inhaling in surprise. His eyes were a gorgeous gold, just like the halo of hair that surrounded his head. He radiated goodness, and I felt my lips curving into a smile. How had I ever thought him a Devil? Then I realized that my eyes, which I could somehow see as though I were looking into a mirror, were a bright, vivid red. They had been a soft green, like Mom's. Shocked, I intended to stand, feeling far too vulnerable laying on my back in the corner on the floor. I could tell he wouldn't hurt me, but I still didn't like it. As soon as the thought crossed my mind, I was on my feet, with my back against the wall as I stared at him and he at me. "Don't be afraid," he said, softly, standing at the same time that I did. His voice was barely a whisper, but I could still hear him so clearly! And I could hear an odd rustling, as of a million voices whispering without words. And a faint clicking. I looked in the direction of the clicking, confused, and saw an ant crawling along the ground outside of a wide window. The whispering continued, and I identified it as the leaves brushing against each other in the wind. "Do you remember what I told you?" My eyes found his again, and I saw that he was watching me curiously. I tried to remember, but all I could recall was being trapped inside of a fire. No, wait, I remembered my eyes, and my mother's eyes. Mom. I pressed my lips together, remembering that she was dead, too. "My name is Carlisle," he said, slowly holding a hand out, not as if to shake mine, but as a gesture of invitation for me to speak. I swallowed, and was aware as I did so that the fire within me seemed to have left its mark upon my throat. I swallowed again, feeling the dry ache, like I was still sick from the disease that had killed my mother. "I won't hurt you," he said in that same soft voice. "I know," I whispered back to him. Author's note Please read before continuing! I need to warn you: Edward's history isn't pretty. This story revolves around him, Carlisle, and Esme. Esme's human past included some pretty terrible things, and I have done my best to write about them with all the gravity which they deserve. While not graphic, or described in detail, there will be domestic violence, spousal and child abuse discussed throughout the story. This was originally supposed to be the beginning of Breaking Dawn. Don't worry, I'm still writing that book, too! But I was stuck, trying to figure out how to begin, what scene to use, where to start. I was hit with inspiration in the form of Isle Esme. Specifically, why would the Cullens buy an island?! So I wrote that chapter. I didn't think it made a strong enough beginning on its own, though, so I decided, since I was looking for a beginning, why not go back to the beginning!? So I did. But, of course, Edward had to have his say, and the story grew out of hand. It was just supposed to be a lead in! A chapter or two, three at most! A kind of prologue for the main story, not one on its own. I had no intentions of writing his history, but when the muse speaks, I have to listen. By the time it was done, and I was ready to move on to Bella, I realized that I needed to make this story stand on its own. So here you have it: my interpretation of Edward's early years. 1918, 21, 27, and 31. The Island, the Rebellion, and the Monster. If you haven't yet, please check out my other stories. I have written New Moon and Eclipse from Edward's pov, and am in the process of writing and posting Dawn. Like all writers, I love feedback. Please take a moment to let me know what you think. Criticism is welcome. Unlike Edward, I won't bite! ;) The standard disclaimer. Alas, I am not Stephenie Meyer, but I am grateful to be allowed to play in the world which she has created. I hope you enjoy! ~L