kept wailing. Finally, I was done, but she screamed even louder once we actually got her out of the water. I wrapped her in a towel, and held her for a minute, rocking her back and forth until she calmed down. Then I laid her on the bathroom floor, changed her into a clean diaper and a pair of warm pajamas, which Alice got from the boxes of Renesmee's clothes, and I smiled. I had hoped that one day the outfits we had put on Renesmee would be used again, but I had never imagined that my own daughter would be the one wearing them. By the time I was done with Emmaleah, Emmett had finished dressing Xander into his own pajamas, and we left the bathroom. In the kitchen, we found Esme, sitting with Bella and Renesmee at the table. Renesmee was already eating, and she smiled at Xander when we walked in. Xander gave me a questioning look. "That's Nessie,atI told him. "It's okay. You can go sit with her." He did. I almost laughed when I saw what Esme had made them—chicken nuggets and French fries. I had to give Emmaleah another bottle. I had noticed that there was baby pablum for her in her diaper bag, so I mixed some of that. In my opinion, it looked absolutely disgusting, but she seemed to enjoy it, and ended up eating almost the whole bowl. "Piggy," Emmett laughed, taking the bowl away. Xander was done eating, too. He yawned, pushing his plate back. "Story time?" He asked me hopefully. "Um…" I hadn't seen any books in his bag, or Emmaleah's. "Just a minute." I handed Emmaleah to Emmett, and went into the garage, looking through his parent's bags again. I found a small pile of books at the bottom of his mother's, and went back into the house, relieved. They were sitting on the couch when I came back in, and Xander was leaning against Emmett. He was probably exhausted. It was later than I'd realized. Emmaleah had fallen asleep, holding Emmett's hand. "Can I come too, Aunt Rosie?" Nessie asked from the doorway, noticing the books in my hand. I nodded. The boys got up from the couch, and we headed upstairs. Edward, Carlisle and Jasper had cleaned up the guest room across from our room earlier, because there was now a rocking chair in the corner, which had been downstairs when Nessie was little, and the blankets were pulled back. Xander crawled into the bed, and Emmett and I sat on either side of him—Emmett was still holding Emmaleah—and Nessie sat next to me. "Once upon a time," I began. I was barely finished the second story when Xander fell asleep, leaning his head against Emmett's shoulder. Nessie had stayed awake the whole time, so I finished the story for her, and then we all crawled off the bed. I tucked Xander in, kissing the top of his head, and grabbed the stuffed animal from his diaper bag, which Alice had brought in while we were reading. His arm wrapped around it, and he snuggled into the blankets. "Good night, sweetheart," I whispered. I turned the light off, and the three of us left the room. Nessie gave me a hug, and kissed Emmaleah on the cheek, and then she went downstairs, where Bella was waiting to take her back to the cottage. In our room, I saw that Nessie's old crib had been set up against the wall, and I smiled. "Well," Emmett said quietly. "I'd make a joke about not getting anymore sleep after this, but it wouldn't work, since we don't sleep anyway." I laughed. "I'm glad we went hunting today," I said. "I feel like I shouldn't be happy, considering that the only reason we have these babies is because their parents were killed. But I am. Is that wrong?" "No," he said. "We'll mourn the deaths of their parents, just as they will, but something good came out of this. You're allowed to be happy. If we hadn't gone hunting, if you hadn't caught that scent, then… well, I hate to think of what would have happened. Everything happens for a reason, Rose. Even the bad things." I smiled a little, and kissed him. "Thank you," I said. "We should probably put her down, don't you think?" "I don't know," he said. "I kind of like holding her. Maybe we should just hold her all night so we can stare for hours at this beautiful baby that is now ours." I laughed, shaking my head. "Alright. But only for a little while," I said. We settled on the bed, and I leaned my head against his shoulder, watching Emmaleah as she slept. "You know, when I imagined what our kids would look like, I always thought that the boy would look like you and the girl would look like me. But it's exactly the opposite," I said. "You can't always have everything you want," Emmett said. I smiled. "No," I said. "But at least I'm finally exactly where I wanted to be—even if the situation is a little different than I imagined." "Maybe you will be surrounded by grandchildren one day," he said. "You just won't be old and gray. On second thought—I might kill anyone who tries to further the population with my daughter, so maybe not." I laughed. "I feel sorry for him already," I said honestly. Emmett grinned at me, and we fell silent again. I told myself then that I would never break the promise I'd made to Emmaleah's mother, even when I'd breathed my last. We sat together in a peaceful silence, watching Emmaleah sleep, and so began our first night as parents. Author's Note: Thanks so much for reading my story! I know I've posted this like three times already, but this is the newly-edited version! Oh, and I DON'T OWN TWILIGHT. Stephenie Meyer does. Man, I would love to have a conversation with her...