hours and I can't be late." "Oh cool..." I said not realizing anything he just said while getting up and stretching my sore limbs. Jacob looked at me liked I was fucking crazy. "What?" I asked. "Nothing. It's just your the first girl who hasn't freaked out when I talk about the team." He said with a tone of relief in his deep voice. I gave him a confused look. "What the fuck are you talking about?" I asked while pulling my dress back on. "Oh uh.. I thought you knew. Please dont freak out." He took a deep breath. "I'm the quarterback of the Seattle Pirates." He said nervously. I just busted into fits of laughter. "What?" He said. "Dude you just lost SO many cool points. I fucking hate sports." I said while putting my heels back on. "Oh. Well damn." He said somewhat disapointed. I laughed lightly. "OK well this was fun and all but I have to be somewhere." I said grabbing my ripped undergarments off the floor and stuffing them in my clutch. "Oh well can I see you again sometime?" he asked with a little glimmer of hope in his sexy chocalate eyes. I looked him up and down one last time and scoffed when I saw the worst thing EVER. "Jacob go back to your wife." I said coldly looking down at his wedding ring tanline. His jaw dropped slightly. I rolled my eyes and tried to head to the door when Jacob grabbed my arm, I spun around and glared at him. "What?" "Leah please don't be angry." He pleaded. "I'm not angry. I'm fucking pissed! You lied to me. I feel like such a fucking slut. I can't believe I did that. I'm such a fucking hypocrite." I said yanking my arm out of his grasp and walking to the front door. "Leah I'M SORRY!" He yelled as I ran into the pouring rain crying. 4 Weeks Later: I was sitting in the office of my gynecologist waiting for the results of my routine check-up. It was getting kind of late considering I needed to be back at the school before the kids lunch was over. I sat on the table swinging my legs back and forth as I waited for my doctor, Dr. O'Neal to come on. Just like clockwork, Dr. O'Neal came in with the results in her hands. "So Doc am I healthy." "Oh yeah...I just wanna ask you a few questions before you go." She said with a worried expression on her face. "Umm..ok sure." I said nervously. "Leah when was last time you had sexual intercourse?" "Four maybe five weeks ago...Why? What's wrong?" "Hold on- When was your last menstraul period?" She asked. I thought about. Oh shit. I'm late. "I'm like ten days late but it's only because I'm stressed." I said more to myself than her. I have been stressed though. Christmas break is coming up and I'm going home to LaPush. I haven't been since high school. Which was like five years ago. "Leah...was the sex unprotected?" She asked with a dispointted look on her face. I thought back and I realized that he didn't wear a condomn. I covered my mouth with both hands and gasped. "No." I muttered to myself. "Leah I went over these results seven times and nothings changed." She took a deep breath and walked over to me put her hand on my shoulder. "Leah your four weeks pregnant." She said. I shrugged her hand off my shoulder and ran to out the building to my car. I immediatley started bawling as everything dawned on me. I'm pregnant with a kid who's father I barely even know. I pulled out my iPhone and dialed the first number I thought of. "Jacob Black's Cell Phone. Please leave your name and we will put you through shortly." A professional female voice spoke. "Uhhh...Leah Clearwater." "Please hold." She spoke. I put the phone on speaker and placed it on the dash. I started bawling when I heard the classical music start playing. Jacob's POV I was running on the treadmill, getting ready for the final game when my phone started going off. I pressed the button on my bluetooth to answer. "Yeah...what's up Lexie." I spoke while turning the speed down on the treadmill and jumping off. I started stretching. "Jacob there is a Leah Clearwater on the line." She said. And to say I was a shocked was an understatement. Leah had been avoiding me ever since she found out I was married. Well if you could even call it that. My wife Nessie, is a pain in my ass. She's just a materialistic bitch. All she does is go on trips and buy shit. The only reason I married her was because her father Edward Cullen, owner of the NFA, threatened to fire me. And I need this job. My dad has been sick for the past few years and I need to pay for all his expensive treatments. "Uh..Yea go ahead put her through." She agreed and put her through. The phone rang then Leah picked up. "Jacob?" She asked. I smiled. "You missed me?" I said as I walked to the outside patio for privacy. I heard Leah sniffle then sob. "Leah babe...what's wrong?" "Jacob...I-I'm so sorry." She said while sobbing. "Leah your scaring me...what's going on?" I asked worriedly. She took a deep breath and then spoke. "Jacob I'm pregnant. The baby's yours. I don't expect you to be apart of it's life but I just thought you should know your going to be a father in 8 months." She said then click. She hung up. "Oh shit." I muttered to myself as I thought about me being a father of a child who's mother I don't even know. A girl who's not my wife. Fuck. Hey guys! I'm back. I'll be reposting some of my stories that were deleted a while back! ENJOY! Review please.