who called out the second she saw me. "Well good morning Brooke!" she said, beaming over the top of her desk. "Good morning Gertrude," I said with a smile, even though this exchange of pleasantries between the two of us was one of my least favorite parts of the day. All I wanted was to make my way down the hall, inside the office, and into the arms of my doctor. "Nice day today, isn't it?" she said. "The hubby decided to go fishing today." "It seems like a good day for that," I said, glancing down the hall. "Maybe he'll bring home a nice catch for you." "Oh I hope so. I've wanted some fresh fish for so long, but the weather just hasn't been right at all. You know?" "Yes, I understand." I told her, still glancing down the hall. "Sorry to run so soon, but I know I have a lot of work to get started on. Do you know where Dr. Cullen is this morning?" To me it sounded weird to call him by his professional name and title. Which I knew was odd, considering the fact that up until a month prior that's what I always called him, even to his face. For so long I found it hard to call him by his first name because somewhere in my mind I still considered him my boss, and I was showing him the respect as such. Plus, as I now knew, it was hard to keep from slipping up and calling him by his first name in front of people at work. But after my near-death experience, it was like a switch flipped inside my brain, and now it felt natural for me to call him by first name. "Oh yes, he was out here just a few minutes ago," Gertrude said, flailing her hand in the air. "He went off down the hall to do something and look attractive somewhere." I laughed, "Well thank you Gertrude, I'll try my best to find him." "No trouble deary!" I heard her call as I basically ran down the hallway, probably looking a bit too eager to get to work. I passed a couple of nurses and that may have said hello but I have no idea if I said anything to them. As I made my way to the office, I noticed that the door was open. But as I glanced at the large, wooden desk with the mammoth-sized stack of papers I had to file, I was disappointed to see that my "boss" was nowhere to be seen. "Hmm," I said to myself, putting my purse in its usual place and shrugging on my lab coat. "That's odd." Suddenly, I heard the door close, and found myself pinned against the wall with a pair of bright, topaz eyes staring into mine. "Hello darling," he said, placing a series of delicate kisses along my neck. I sighed and shivered, wrapping my arms around him to draw him closer to me. "I am never going to get used to you showing off your vampire speed around me," I said, as he kissed up the length of my neck before planting a single kiss on my lips. "It's nice to be able to finally show it off to you," he said, smiling at me as he caressed my cheek. I shook my head and smiled in return, "What, were you hiding behind the door or something?" He chuckled, "I thought I'd surprise you." "Well congratulations, you succeeded, and nearly made me faint in the process." "Then I would have needed to give you mouth-to-mouth," he said, kissing me again, a bit more passionately this time. I giggled in between his kisses. "Isn't that what you're doing right now?" "Perhaps," he said, kissing me a few more times before inching back a little. "I would love to do this all day but…" "I know, I know, we have a lot of work to do." My eyes must have darted over to the stack of papers on his desk, because he looked that way. "You don't have to worry about those right now. It's been a mess for days and can be a mess for a few more hours," he said. "Why don't you come along with me while I check on a patient upstairs?" "Do you like my company, doctor?" I teased. "Oh no, not in the slightest," he said, leaning in to kiss me once more and making me giggle again. I had a feeling that he would always possess the power to turn me into mush. "Think we've been in here long enough to make the nurses start whispering?" I asked him, straightening out his lab coat. "My dear, they started whispering the day you walked in here with an application in your hands." "True," I said, "but do you think they've whispered enough for this morning?" He looked toward the door, really seeming to contemplate what I said before he turned back to me, brushing his lips against mine as he spoke. "Let them whisper just a while longer," he said, kissing me again. As far as I was concerned, they could whisper for all eternity. Wow, I can't begin to tell all of you how good it felt to be in Brooke's head again. I apologize for the slow start, but I felt like that was the best way to kick this thing off. I will try my best to update at least once a week, but with my busy schedule and intense writing commitment that I have for work, I may not always have the time, energy, or inspiration to do so. But I will try not to keep you waiting too long between updates, just know they may be sporadic at times. I hope you enjoyed this first chapter to Medical Miracle 2 ! I know I enjoyed writing it, and I am beyond happy to be able to finally continue this story.