would've flinched from myself under any other circumstance. I could hear and feel the heavy rumbles of Edward's grunts and growls of approval and satisfaction. He sucked away all traces of me earnestly, and right before it came to a point where I would have to shove his head away, he tore himself away from me to grab himself. He gripped himself tightly as he came to kneel between my spread legs, working himself at a breathtaking pace. I panted in desire, transfixed by the scene. His eyes blazed perversely over my skin, appraising every inch, from top to bottom and back again. His stare, the anticipation of what was to come, my love for him—they all led me to my impulsive decision to claim him with my mouth. With whatever residual energy I had left, I thrust my face into his lap to suck his juicy head into my mouth. "Oh, Fuck!" Edward growled deeply, sounding more animal than human. He continued to growl and snarl as one hand traveled the expanse of my back and the other took purchase at the roots of my hair. He held me tightly, almost as if he were afraid I would stop. But I had no intentions of doing so—each of my suctions increased my desire to make him come, to taste the product of his desire for me. I had no energy to do much other than suck soundly at his head, but I sucked it as hard as I could, hell bent on drawing the semen right out of him like a straw. I felt his hand grip the globe of one of my butt cheeks, kneading the flesh before giving it little sharp smacks that only heightened my arousal and desperation to see him to completion. In no time at all, Edward was warning me to pull away or else. I wanted the or else. I gripped his hips so he understood that I wasn't moving. Edward growled as his thick, hot, cum flew into my mouth. I swallowed every drop, licking the tip of him with my tongue to ensure I got every bit. Heady…Delicious. I moaned as I leisurely licked him up. I felt him smooth my hair back and looked up to find his beautiful smiling face. "For the first time, all week, I feel satiated." He said, his voice finally losing its gravelly edge. I looked at his still hard cock, incredulously. "That's what you call satiated?" He chuckled before grabbing me and pulling us to the head of the bed. His arms wrapped tightly around my waist as he buried his head into my neck. His tongue traced lightly along the skin there as his hands grasped the flesh of my bottom. "Trust me; compared to how I've been this whole week, I'm on fucking cloud nine." He said, kissing my skin and lightly nipping it. I smiled, "I'm glad I came, then" Unexpectedly, his hand came down hard on my ass, and I yelped. "Why did-?" He silenced me with a deep kiss, sucking my tongue into his mouth and giving my bottom lip a sharp little bite. "Because you were very bad for coming when I told you not to." "But I thought—" "As happy as I am about what we did today, you still disobeyed me. You were a very… bad … girl." I looked down, unsure of how to respond when I could feel myself getting wet again by his words. He grasped my chin with his fingers, forcing me to look up into his dark expression. "Right now, I could bend you over…fuck you again... even harder than before… and you wouldn't say no to me, would you?" he asked, though it sounded more like a statement. Either way, the truth was that I wouldn't. I could already feel myself getting sore, but I would not hesitate to open my legs to him again. I nodded immediately, and Edward brought my lips back to his for another kiss. "I could smell it, you know? I could smell that pussy getting hot for me." He whispered against my mouth. "Yes" I whispered, already wanting him again. A tiny part of my brain feared that sex with Edward would become addictive. I stuck my tongue out, lightly tracing his lips. "Fuck" he groaned, thrusting his hips into my belly so that I could feel his ridiculously hard cock. His hand on my ass reached down and dove between my legs, caressing my wet lips with his fingertips before sticking one long finger inside. I hissed, but tried to hide it. The intrusion stung a little, but the pain quickly vanished. "My poor little pussy" Edward mumbled, before nipping my neck. His fingers continued to gently play with my wetness, slowly sinking deeper, and I couldn't stop whimpering in pleasure. "Too much fucking for your first time?" he asked, and it almost didn't sound like he was talking to me, but to my pussy. "No, please, give me more" I begged, throwing one leg over Edward's hip and pulling close. "Shh, baby, shh" he said softly, "You'll get more, I promise" I moaned, trying to get the head of Edward's cock inside me. He wouldn't help me, but his fingers continued to play between my legs, steadily increasing pace, creating a mini inferno. "But not now. Right now, I'm granting you thirty minutes and not a second more. That is all I can afford to give. You will rest, because I know you're tired. I will be in the shower, planning out the rest of this evening to fulfill every last fantasy I've ever had of you. I will set the alarm. When it goes off, I want you to wake up and spread your fucking legs. Wide. Be open and ready for me by the time I get out of that shower. Then, Bella, you will see what it's truly like to be fucked by your mate in the Spring time"