and signs that there were a fire as the only evidence of the past event. I gazed at the sight with disbelief, still not understanding what exactly had happened in the last several minutes. Just that something had happened that shouldn't have. Once I recovered from my shock, I slumped heavily against the tree. I was too tired to move, even as far as to sit on the ground. I figured my unexpected power must have drained me of my energy because I didn't have any left to sit down. I just stood there against the tree, trying to regain enough energy to take me back home with. Two hours later, I began the long journey home. After surviving such a terrifying experience, I decided to mark the day as an anniversary of when I learned I had an extraordinary power. A gift I shouldn't have as a human. Only vampires were supposed to have extraordinary powers. After that day, I did little experiments with my gift to see what I could do and what I couldn't. However, the progress was going at a snail's pace since I had no clue on the limitations of this new ability. Plus, I got tired out easily. Using my power drained a lot of my energy, even if I just used it for a short period. Slowly rising from my bed, I grabbed the cordless phone from the nearest nightstand and stepped down off the two inch platform that was beneath the bed. Then I headed downstairs, my measured steps belying my exhaustion from staying awake all night. Of course, it didn't matter if I slept or not, because I would always wake up screaming due to the nightmares. Actually, I hadn't had a decent night's sleep since the last night he stayed with me which was over four months ago. Entering the kitchen, I made my way to the fridge intending to get a drink of orange juice. When I opened the refrigerator door, I immediately regretted my decision. Sitting innocently on the top shelf was a six pack of beer, the same beer Charlie drank while watching sports on the television set. My chest tightened as tears prickled the back of my eyes. My brown eyes were bloodshot and red from all the weeping I had done last night, and even from the past four months. Of course, the bloodshot eyes could also come from not having enough sleep over the last few months. Warm tears burned my eyes as they flowed out of me and my throat closed up. I swallowed hard and quickly shut the refrigerator door. Suddenly, nausea welled up in me and I rushed to the closest thing: the kitchen sink. I bent over the sink and threw up what little I had in my stomach. It didn't take very long for me to empty the contents inside of me, but it was quite a while before the dry heaving and painful spasms stopped altogether. Weakly, I wiped my lips on one of my sleeves and rinsed out my mouth with water. Then I shakily took a step back, putting distance between the sink and me. I stumbled towards the nearest window and stood in front of it, observing the scenery for a minute. Without considering the consequence of the action, I pulled back my right arm and punched my hand through the window in a fit of rage and grief. Then I screamed. I screamed out every feeling I had from the past four months. I screamed because my boyfriend left me. I screamed because I lost my vampire family. I screamed because I lost my father. Basically, I had a mental breakdown, only this time it wasn't from cutting or the lack thereof. This time it was the result of sorrow and pain. I then found myself on the kitchen floor. Lying sideways on the cold ground, one arm holding my midsection tightly, like it was going to separate, and the other was lying limply on the white tile, blood and glass poking out from my hand. I didn't know how long I lay there nor do I really care, but it must have been quite some time because when I sat up, the sun that rarely visits Forks was higher in the sky than when I first saw it at dawn. I rose shakily from my spot on the floor and wearily began my journey to the bathroom to clean and fix my hand. Just as my left foot came in contact with the first step, there was a knock at the door. I let out an exasperated sigh and twisted around, staggering unsteady toward the front door. When I opened the door, fully expecting someone from the town come to give me their condolences, I could have never imagined the person who stood on my porch instead. A/N: Who could it be standing on Bella's porch? I'm pretty sure you all know who it might be, but please tell me your guesses anyway. I hope you enjoy the first chapter. Please tell me if you like it or not, or what I can do to improve my writing. I welcome freely constructive criticism, but don't be mean about it. Also, I would like to mention that I have a community dedicated to Bellisle. Most stories are when they're a couple but there are some as father/daughter. Please check it out. I currently have 196 stories right now. The name is, "My Favorite Bellisle Stories." Basic Timeline: Bella moved to Forks on Monday, December 27, 2004 James, Victoria, and Laurent meet the Cullen on Sunday, March 13, 2005 Edward takes Bella to prom on May 13, 2005 Cullen's family leave on Thursday, June 2, 2005 Angela's confronts Bella about her cutting problem on Tuesday, July 12, 2005 Bella's therapy session started on July 18, 2005 Bella runs into Laurent for the second time on Thursday, August, 4, 2005 Charlie died on September 1, 2005