he says, relieved in a way. "Jacob," she says, not able to determine how she feels to see him here. "What are you doing here?" they ask each other at the same time. Jacob chuckles; Bella fakes a laugh that she really doesn't have to fake. "I like books," she says, gesturing to the horrible one in her hand. "You?" "I was gonna go to your house," he admits, "but I saw your truck here and, well, you can see it from anywhere." He chuckles again. "Oh. Did you want to talk to me about something?" she asks, tucking a lock of her hair behind her ear. She hates her ears, but she hates a lot of things about herself and Jacob's already aware of them. As much as she doesn't exactly like him, he knows her. "Uh," he says, struggling to find a decent way to tell her no. He could easily just say no, but he doesn't want it to come off that way. "Not really." Smooth as hell. I'm not buying this mess , she thinks. I never do, and I'm especially not buying it today. "Jake," she begins, "why do you like me?" Jacob finds himself at a loss for words. "What—what do you mean?" he finally asks. "I mean what I asked," she replies. "Why do you like me?" She holds her tongue from asking cutting, snarky questions that would only lead to his heart breaking at her expense, and if she's going to break him, she's going to break him the right way: with honesty. He would say he loves her for her mind, but that would sound like a load of bullshit to her, so he tells it like it is. It's not right, but he does it, anyway. A lot of things in the universe aren't right, either. "Bella, I like you—I love you—because you're amazing. And the thing with that word— amazing —is that people use it on stupid shit. People describe a stupid-ass cat video on the internet as amazing, or some action-packed trailer for some stupid-ass movie as amazing, or the homeless guy doing stupid-ass standup comedy down the street as amazing. The word is so overused that when people finally get married or hold their newborn baby in their arms, they can't use that word because they've already wasted it on some stupid-ass cat video on the internet. But, Bella, I don't use that word for just anything—I really don't. I reserved it for you because you are amazing in the entire sense of the word. You define amazing. You changed my life—" "Jacob, don't," Bella whispers, but he keeps going. His eyes are nearly animated as continues his spew, and from here, there's no way to stop it. "You changed my life, Bella, and I need you to know that. Just before the week we spent together, I felt so dead inside. I did, and I didn't know why, but goddamn. I saw the light when I spent time with you and it lasted all through the time I spent without you—" "Please—" "—And there's nothing more I want to do than be with you more. I hate to say it like this, but I'm going to be honest: you're almost an addiction." His voice grows louder. "You know that? I can't stay away from you, and even as I know for a fucking fact that you want almost nothing to do with me, I acknowledge the almost . I acknowledge the part of you that does want to be with me, and that's what's keeping me hanging on. That's literally it and I—" Her voice is as loud as the pages of a book flipping. "Stop." "I love you, Bella Swan," he says, loud enough for the entire library to hear. "I love you." "Stop it!" she exclaims. His rampage is over and he hangs high and dry, just realizing what he's said, but before he can apologize, Bella goes on a rampage of her own. She's certainly had enough time to think about it, and the novel she continues to grip gives her some sort of power. "I can't believe you're making me tell you this," she says with a sad sigh, "but I'm not your manic pixie dream girl, Jake, and I thought you were smart enough to see this. You know that, right? Because you're not the first guy to experience all this from me, and you're going to be the last, either." His eyes remain glued to hers, listening, absorbing. "Damn, Jacob…" she falters. "I mean, I'm not here to complete you or take you on some cliché whirlwind adventure that you'll find in some romance novel today, like this likely piece-of-shit I'm holding in my hand right now. I'm not here to make you feel alive again or appreciate life a little more, if that's what you've been trying to get me to do, which is what it sounds like. My goal isn't to specifically change your life, all right? All right ? I already have a hard enough time trying to live my life, and I can't be your only source of happiness. I can't because that's not fucking fair. I'm just looking for a peace of mind. I'm just here to walk the sidewalks and smell the roses and breathe the air. So please… please don't make me the reason for every step you take or every scent you inhale or every breath you breathe, just because you think it'll liven you up. That's not my job—that's yours." Before he can say anything else, Bella—running on fumes—shoves the book from her hand to his. "Read this," she says. "And don't talk to me again until you see how wrong we are. That's all I want from you." She turns and leaves the young adult section, leaves the library, and possibly leaves his life. All that remains of her is a trail he can't seem to follow this time. fin.