leaving as soon as you're done." It was spoken as an order. I found myself shivering again as he articulated the commanding syllables into my ear. Edward seemed to believe, (probably correctly so), that the longer we waited, the harder it would be to get me to change my mind. And if he was able to rush me directly to Carlisle without any distractions or possible other interferences, they could efficiently strap me down and cut my little miracle out of my stomach before I could call anyone strong enough to stop them to my aid. Knowing this, I needed to act fast if I wanted to have any chance of saving my baby's life. But I couldn't do that with Edward watchfully hovering over me. I had hoped he would disappear to finish packing when I announced my intention to go into the bathroom. But instead he paced silently around the bedroom, waiting for me to finish brushing my teeth. When I came out again, I still desperately needed a few seconds alone, so I stalled, giving him a task that would definitely force him to vacate the area. "Um, Edward? Could you… pack some of the food? You know, in case I get hungry again?" "Of course," he said. His eyes were still slightly wary as I made my request, but not enough for him to suspect my true intentions. I had never been a very good liar before, and was surprised at how easy it was when I had something extremely important to protect. Protecting myself with falsehoods had been impossible. But protecting my little angel with them was a piece of cake. I guess you could say I was motivated. "Don't worry about anything," Edward went on, straining to make his voice sound tender, but ultimately settling for slightly-less-pissed-off. "We'll get to Carlisle in just a few hours really. This will all be over soon." All be over soon? Edward was completely discounting what I had said earlier. He was either assured that the doctor could convince me to change my mind about our baby. Or totally unconcerned for my personal feelings on the matter. I fought to suppress a tremor of horror as I imagined Edward furiously cutting the baby out of me himself. The mirage of my husband hacked at the marble-like skin protecting our child with with every surgical implement he could find, resorting to an industrial-grade saw when all other tools failed. And in the vision, I cried in agony and desperately pleaded for him to stop. But the imaginary Edward ignored my shrieks, my demands that he not hurt our baby. Instead, after my stomach was nothing more than a mangled mess, he offered empty assurances that I would be alright now, before he coldly told Carlisle to "dispose of it". All the blood present in my horrible vision made me feel woozy. But instead of passing out, I just nodded numbly in response to the callous words Edward had spoken in reality, not trusting my voice—it would betray me for sure. After a moment that felt like forever, Edward finally turned and left the room with one big suitcase in each hand. As soon as he was gone I whirled around and scooped up the phone he'd left on the counter. It was very unlike him to forget things. But he was so stressed today that he was barely himself. Instead he was cold, angry, scary, violent… Whatever happened to the gentle, lopsidedly-smiling and darkly humorous Edward that I had come to love? Where was he now, and who was this hateful, murderous doppelganger that had replaced him? Would he really destroy our child while I continued to make it perfectly clear that I wanted to keep it ? I thought as I reached for the abandoned phone, traumatized by my recent imagination. And more importantly, could I ever love him after that? I chewed on my lower lip in deep thought. I highly doubted that I could. But there was no time for me to ponder that train of thought any further. Today's uncharacteristic forgetfulness on Edward's part was to my advantage. But there was no guarantee it would last for very long. With my heart hammering in my chest, I picked up the phone, flipped it open and scrolled through the pre-programmed numbers. I was glad he had the sound turned off. I was still afraid that he would catch me. Would he be at the boat now? Or back already? I worried as I listened for any indication of his movements nearby. Would he hear me from the kitchen if I whispered? But I had no other choice. I couldn't just remain silent, even if he could hear me. This was my only shot. At last, I found the number I wanted, one I had never called before in my life, and one I had never imagined I ever would. After a fleeting hesitation based on prior bad experiences with this person and a fear that they would let that stop them from helping me, I pressed the "send" button and tightly crossed my fingers. Please pick up, please pick up , I implored silently from hundreds of miles away. "Hello?" the beautiful feminine voice like golden wind chimes answered after three rings. I found myself gasping in relief. I was surprised by how kind she sounded, it wasn't an emotion I associated with her. But of course, this was Edward's phone, so she probably thought I was him. If she had known I was calling, I would expect her to throw her phone into the nearest ditch and severely punish who ever had leaked her number to me. She didn't like me at all. But I had to take this chance, she was the only one I thought would understand. "Rosalie?" I whispered as quietly as I could. I hoped it was too low for Edward's supernaturally strong ears. "It's Bella. You have to help me."