self-control. "You don't need to hear people's thoughts to feel compassion for them." "Some people's thoughts must make it harder ," Seth suggests, thinking of a kid in his class whose very presence gets on his nerves. "I didn't know you disliked anyone," I tease. He laughs. "You wouldn't like him either." "I don't," I agree, basing it on my faith in Seth's judgement—which is further reinforced when I realise he shakes off the boy's verbal attacks as soon as they happen, not wanting to waste his life thinking about it. "Thanks, bro." He considers inviting me to his school one day to frighten the horrid kid, and I am sorely tempted—but anything so overt would probably backfire on us both. "Shall I pick you up in the Vanquish after school on Tuesday?" I suggest. Seth imagines the boy (and everyone else) hearing me roar up in the expensive car, then seeing me waiting, casually leaning against the driver's door, and wondering who I'm there for, until Seth strolls over and gets in. He likes the idea, but it won't stop the boy's nasty taunts. "He'll probably start a rumour that I'm gay or something." "Let him." Seth winks at me. "You hoping that'll keep the girls away?" We all laugh at that. "That is a definite plus," I shoot back. "But I was thinking you can tell him he's an ugly, jealous loser." I'll tell him you're my boyfriend, too, shall I? , he teases. "Only if you think it'll make him jealous," I tease back. "Does that mean you want picked up, then?" "By you? Anytime ," he jokes. Then he realises there's a problem. "If you can't get there before school finishes, no one will see." "Edward can charm his way out early," Bella says teasingly, her gaze raking across my bare chest, before seeming to realise she's ogling me and dragging her gaze back up to my face. "And I can drive Alice home." I have to laugh at that. "I think Alice would rather walk ." Bella pouts, but she can't maintain a frown through Seth's laughter. "You'd be okay with me leaving early?" I ask her, wanting to be clear on this point before I commit to anything. "Only because there's such a good reason for it," she replies, grinning. Seth grins and thanks her, then changes the subject back to his proposed camping trip as he waves us forwards again. "We can go look at some camping gear after you pick me up—and take advantage of Bella's staff discount." Bella laughs, and I let myself picture Mike's face if I pull up in the Vanquish, but I know I shouldn't—Bella does have to work there for another couple of months, after all. "We'll have to get the Volvo first," I say. Seth shrugs. "Sure—we'll need the space anyway, won't we?" I chuckle. "Sounds like it. But at least you've sold the luxury angle, so Mike shouldn't be suspicious if we buy a lot of new gear." "What do you have?" Seth asks, already drawing up a wish list. "A ten-person tent, camping mats, and a few pots and pans. We've never used any of it," I add as he starts to wonder. "Alice put up the tent once, for fun, but that's it." In wolf form, he doesn't need a tent or bed either, but he prefers to sleep in human form, so he absolutely wants a big tent and a comfortable camp bed. The comparison leads him to ponder the wolves' need for sleep in contrast to vampires' inability to sleep. It makes sense for vampires (which doesn't lessen the unpleasantness of having an enemy that truly doesn't need rest)—our bodies don't need to repair themselves the way humans' do—but the reason why he and his fellow wolves still sleep (on average) as much as humans, despite their supernatural advantages, is less obvious. "Why is it that we can get by on half an hour if we have to," he asks, "but we'd all sleep for days if we could get away with it?" While Bella laughs at the apt question, I consider the potential physiological drivers. "Sleep is important for mental wellbeing as well as physical repair," I say. "Perhaps sleeping for longer helps you process all the extra thoughts you hear from each other." He likes the sound of that, and thinks it fits with his experience (which is what I based it on). "I sleep a lot deeper on the days we all run together," he comments, even as he ponders my point about sleep being important for mental wellbeing. "Do vampires go crazy? And what about people who are already crazy before they're changed?" "Vampires do go crazy from time to time—there are all sorts of triggers, but I suppose lack of sleep certainly helps a vampire lose perspective more quickly. For a human, whether the transformation can heal the mind or not depends on what caused the mental illness. If it's a physical issue—something neurological or hormonal, say—the vampire usually turns out sane, but is still severely traumatised. If it's something else, something metaphysical, the transformation usually exacerbates the problem." " Super crazy," Seth remarks with an exaggerated shudder. I nod. "They don't survive long, though—they risk our exposure, so other vampires take them out pretty quickly." I don't mention that the one who usually takes out a rogue newborn is the one who made the newborn in the first place (because no one wants the Volturi for an enemy). Once we arrive at the shore, Seth and Bella immediately focus on the rock pools. They start pointing out the various creatures—to me and to each other, showing off their knowledge. I only chime in when they can't agree on the species, or they don't know it. I love experiencing their excitement when they see a rare creature or a behaviour they've never seen before. Hours like this make me glad our lives never have to end.