her eyes as she would recognised it was my fault for her son's disappearance. My fault. My Sam could be lost―frantic, hungry. He could be hurt, desperately hurt and needing me while I foolishly sit by, answering stupid questions and sipping at water. Sam needed me. I was suddenly on my feet, trembling and wheezing out air. I ignored Mrs. Uley's worried expression as she called my name when I bolted and slammed the screen door shut behind me. And then I was running, racing, praying to find him. Desperate to find him. Sam, Sam, Sam. Each time my feet hit the ground I saw his face. Shoving my way passed a crowded group of boys in my path; someone jerked me back, holding onto my arm. "Leah?" Jared demanded. "What's the matter? Why are you crying?" I hadn't realised I was crying. I gritted my teeth, my scowl locked. "Let me go !" Retching myself free, I stumbled and slid across the gravel, quick to disregard those who made a move to help me. I didn't need help. The oozing blood couldn't stop me, even with my scraps I easily managed to outrun the footsteps I could hear distancing behind me. I was the rez schools best runner. I approached the woods without wavering. I knew the short-cut well, the forest extended outward just near my house before meeting the road, and Sam's path may be traceable. I stumbled through the trees, screaming his name. No one replied. "Sam? Please, can you hear me? SAM!" I cried, and without warning my legs caved in so I was left kneeling in the soft earth, clutching at my splintering stomach. I couldn't breathe, but I couldn't stop screaming. "SAM! SAM !" My calls didn't affect the silent forest, but I numbly felt a hand place itself on my shoulder. Half hopeful, I gazed upward, only to be unbearably disappointed to find Jared standing at my side, defiled by debris of the woods, and several other young men panting from the run and eyeing me with concern behind him. "I'm going to take you home, Leah." He whispered, face grave. And I was too far-gone to argue. ... Two days had passed when the authorities finally had the decency to confirm Sam's trail had been intercepted with large, unknown animal prints, bleakly stating that this missing person's investigation had turned into a body search. Mrs. Uley had been admitted to hospital after she broke down, crying through the trauma. I didn't cry. Some said it was heartless of me; others took pity that the news hadn't hit yet. But I know Sam is alive, and I'm going to find him. I didn't go to school. I spent most my time mapping out the forest, hiking through a section everyday, occasionally accompanied by my parents, and constantly accompanied by Seth in his attempts to be the protective brother in case I 'ran into something that could eat me'. He was always trying to make me smile, and I appreciated his efforts, wasted though they were. We only came across the marks of the strange, unidentifiable creature once, and it forced us to turn since the deranged beast had crossed a mere hour before us, leaving blind destruction in its wake. I convinced Charlie to send over everyone in the station he could spare, made phone calls at all hours demanding forest rangers drop whatever stupid bird they were watching and assist in the field. They were wise enough to abide me; the hysterical tone in my voice was obvious as they provided information the police found unfamiliar. The two days slowly sunk into two weeks, with no new information. No traces, no luck. My sanity dangling dangerously on its last tether. My family was increasingly troubled by my lack of appetite, but I was never hungry. If anything, I felt sick. "Leah," my father sat beside me, speaking cautiously. "Maybe, sweetheart, its time for you to admit―" " No !" I covered my ears, my hair swirling wildly as I shook my head. "Please, Dad!" I hissed. "No, you can't say things like that, because Sam is fine. He's okay, and when he comes home it's just going to make you feel bad for even suggesting …" I continued mutely, unable to finish the thought, my tether jerked glaringly. "Just…" my voice was barely a whisper. "Just go away." He did, and I was alone. The next day the search was dismissed. Curling up beside the woods was the closest to comfort I could get, because it was the closest I could possibly be to Sam. To my disgust, I still didn't feel like crying. Was something fucking wrong with me? I wouldn't be surprised. There was nothing but the radiating numbness that seemed to dull everything I touched, everything I thought of. Everything but Sam, and his smile and his laugh. I wasn't ready to let anything go, holding on to the memories as tight as I could, and every time I did they seemed to slip further and further away. But nothing could affect me when I thought of him. The forest drooped with the pounding rain; pouring down on me as I rolled onto my back to watch the grey clouds churn in dark patterns. My hair stuck to my face. Pressed against the mud I could feel the subdued vibrations of fast-approaching footsteps. Annoyed, I sat up, unemotionally squinting through the rain as a panting figure burst through the trees line. There, standing meters away―ragged and completely naked―was Sam. Well, this is sort of the first chapter and the prologue squished together, that's why it seems so rushed. I wanted to give you all a taste of what Leah was like before everything got all warped, while at the same time I'm trying not to linger and actually get to the good stuff. I hope you enjoyed this, let me know what you think! Please read and review! Hazel-Buttafly