the callously starved, confused newborn had been brutally ripped to bits by dozens of savage hands and teeth in order to preserve the life of the man in the midst of transforming. And when his alabaster remains were summarily cast by his "friends" into the low-burning fireplace on the other side of the room, for the "unforgiveable crime" of simply being thirsty, I wanted to be sick… …But I was still happy. While glittering skin licked alight with raging orange fire amid the smoldering logs, the party of famished newborns slowly shuffled drearily back to their seats. They resumed their apathetic positions and bored expressions almost instantly, like nothing had occurred, and their dark eyes reflected only the leaping flames, not even the slightest trace of tears as they watched the remainder of their newest addition's transformation. Their creator looked on them and their unnatural successes with a cruel smirk and appreciative eyes. Again, I wanted to feel something, anything that could affirm the truth that I was gentle at heart, and horrified by the crazy, senseless violence that had just transpired, rather than some kind of callous sadist. But I was still happy—joyous, actually. And as my nemesis, the one responsible for the miserable second life given to these unnaturally behaving newborns, drifted gracefully over the dingy, stained floor to where I was incarcerated, I fought harder than ever to allow an appropriate degree of fear surge into my unbeating, unchanging heart as the vicious vampire waxed closer. But despite all my efforts, nothing at all could puncture the bubbly warmth that constantly enveloped me for more than the barest of moments. And although I flinched slightly as a unnaturally frigid hand cupped my bare cheek—not accustomed to much of anything being colder than I was, given my glacial temperature—they joy never waned. Thin white lips parted to blow an icy breath across my ear, and I shivered instinctively as the coolness wafted across the sensitive skin. But the permanent smile etched into my features never left my face—which my nemesis quickly noticed, and responded with a furious growl. "How do you do it?" came the acid whisper against my skin, before the enemy paused to derangedly lick the side of my face—which, given their sick infatuation with me, was not an uncommon occurrence. "How are you always so happy?" the cold voice continued, darkened with an all-consuming envy for what I presently resented as a curse, before its owner dipped to nibble softly at the sensitive skin on my neck, as though we were lovers, rather than jailer, and prisoner. It irked me that they dared to corrupt one of my favorite ways to receive affection from my long-lost mate. But my irritation, unfortunately was quickly replaced with an all-encompassing exuberance. "Even when everything around you is terrible, even when your life is terrible…" the acerberic voice continued in jealous awe, after rising from my neck, before biting down harder—enough to make me cry out in pain for half-a second as razor-sharp teeth easily broke my petrified skin. But then I was suddenly involuntarily moaning in pleasure as a rough pink tongue gently caressed the spot, smothering the dry, cracked flesh in sticky venom. I hated that they could do this to me, that they could elicit these kind of reactions from my body against my will. But I hated even more the fact that hate was largely beyond me—I wanted to loathe the enemy, to wish them dead in a thousand creatively cruel ways, to feel an opposition to their existence so strong that it itched and festered like an open wound. But I just couldn't. "Being chained to a chair… being presumed dead by your mate…" the lips buried in my venom-glossed neck purred, each syllable vibrating sensuously, deep into my muscles. I stiffened as the one I truly loved above all else was briefly, condescendingly referenced. If there was one person whom I could actually mourn the loss of, despite my severely limited emotional range, it was him—oh how much I missed his soft, wistful smiles, his tender touches, his silky, wavy black hair, and the way he would stare awestruck into my eyes like I was his only goddess after we made love. Missing him could actually make venom want to pool in my eyes if I really pushed it with all of my might—but I refused to give my captor the satisfaction of witnessing my sorrow, so I just did what was natural and kept smiling. And as my nemesis suddenly raised their head, taking disapproving notice of my beaming complexion, I stiffened imperceptibly, preparing for the worst—they had tried for decades to make me share the misery that utterly crushed their soul, but to no avail. Would they finally decide that their prolonged quest to send me spiraling into black despair would never come to fruition, and choose to end my existence? I hoped. Would I finally be freed from these harsh, metal chains by way of the flickering fireplace flames? Or would I be forced to numbly continue on, happy all the while, where I secretly desired to feel sadness? My nemesis gave no answer to my inner inquiries, but simply stared pointedly into my milky burgundy eyes, while brushing their freezing hand in mock-gentleness over my other cheek this time. "You are my miracle." "I am not your anything." I protested, though the words came out with a sugary sweetness, rather than the biting tone I had been striving for. I guess my voice was cursed too. "Ah, but you are," my nemesis contested with a dark sneer, their tone heavy with severe contempt and their shiny white teeth gritted angrily in response to my chipper statement. "You are my sunshine, my everything," they continued in a mocking, sing-song voice, and I was about to protest their declaration again, before their frosty lips suddenly furiously crashed against mine, leaving me breathless as they pulled away. "You are mine , Didyme."