to do it more often, then, until you get used to it," he smirked. "I would love to. We don't get much time alone though," I sighed. "Only because none of the others know. Maybe...I don't know, you said you were gonna tell Jasper. If they knew, it wouldn't seem weird if we saw each other without them." "You want to tell them?" I said in surprise. "I don't know. I only said maybe. But I love you, Edward, and I don't want to sneak around forever. Certainly not for three months until we go to college." "Okay," I agreed at once. "I don't mind telling them. At least if they don't like it, we've got each other." "I'm pretty sure Jasp will be cool." Emmett broke off with a yawn. "We can talk about it tomorrow." "Okay," I said again. I realised I was tired too and I reached out to turn the lamp off, then nestled back into his arms. I felt a little bruised and sore, but too happy to care. I closed my eyes and waited for sleep to take me, lulled by Emmett's soft snores as he drifted away. When I woke the next morning, I was alone. I was disappointed not to be waking with Emmett, but I knew he couldn't be seen sneaking out of my room by any of the others. I got up quickly, showered and dressed and then cautiously opened my door. I could hear voices in various rooms and downstairs and wondered exactly how many people had stayed over. As I made my way downstairs, several people stumbled outside to waiting cabs or parents and I went into the kitchen to get coffee, finding Jasper and Alice in there looking just as loved up as they had the night before. "Good night?" I asked. Both of them grinned and Alice blushed, but neither actually said anything. Jasper sipped his coffee and then looked at me with a frown. "How was your night?" "It was...okay," I said carefully. "You look pretty stoked about something." I was saved from answering by Jake and Bella coming into the room and then Paul a moment later. He explained that Rachel had gone home in a cab, but he had stayed, not wanting to face his father after he'd had too many beers. "So, we all know I failed the mission," he said with a grimace. "What about you guys?" "Uh..." Jasper began, apparently not wanting to boast in Alice's presence. "You guys seem to think you were the only ones on a mission," Bella said. "Have you never considered that we might have been taking bets on whether we could bed one of you?" "You're kidding, right?" Jake's mouth dropped open. "Of course I'm kidding, but we're not stupid," she answered. "None of you would have gotten anywhere if we hadn't actually wanted to get rid of our cherries before college." Jasper flushed at this and Alice elbowed him, then looked at me. "What about you, Edward? I know you and Jess are only friends and she went home." "Anyone seen Emmett?" Paul asked before I could answer. "Wonder if he had his way with Rose." I felt myself redden and I looked at the floor, wondering what, if anything, I should say. "No, I didn't have my way with Rose." Emmett's voice came from the doorway behind me and my heart lurched. "Well, you look like you had fun with someone," Jasper grinned. "Come on, who is she? Bet Rose is ready to claw her eyes out." "Rose and me are just...friends," Emmett said. "So you didn't? Even Edward beat you, Em," Jake snorted. "What did you say?" Emmett aimed at me. "Nothing," I mumbled, immediately aware that everyone else was looking at me. Shit. This wasn't how it was supposed to happen. Emmett probably thought I'd said something...hinted that...he'd probably hate it, even though he'd suggested telling them. I licked my lips nervously. "What's going on?" Jasper asked. He glanced from me to Emmett and back again. "What am I missing?" "Oh, fuck it," Emmett muttered, moving to my side. "You're all gonna find out sooner or later." He looked at me anxiously as if he had suddenly considered that I might not want it to come out like this and I nodded quickly. At least it would be over. "Me and Edward are together," he finished. "What the fuck?" Jake and Paul exclaimed. "Well, that certainly explains a lot," Alice said with a knowing look. "Edward?" Jasper's eyes met mine. "Yeah, it's true. It's been about a month," I admitted. "Why didn't you tell me? We tell each other everything." "I'm sorry, Jas. I was going to tell you I'm gay after the party. I wasn't sure how you'd feel about it. I...I didn't want to lose your friendship." "That's not going to happen, Ed, you idiot," he said at once. "You're my best friend. I just wish you'd told me before, that's all. So...you and Emmett?" He glanced at Emmett. "That's kind of a shock." "Huh," Emmett grunted, flushing. "So...what we all want to know is...did you two fail the contest or not?" Jake asked. "I'm not sure I want to know," said Paul. "Only because that would make you the only loser," Jasper grinned. "Come on, guys, spill, you all know about us," Alice pressed. "Judging by the colour of your faces, I'd say there's only one cherry left in the room - Paul!" "Fuck off," muttered Paul. "Well, that's for us to know," Emmett grinned, surprising me further by sliding his arm around me. I beamed happily, relieved that no one in the room appeared horrified by the revelation that Emmett and I were together. It looked as if we would be able to enjoy the rest of the summer with each other and our friends. Then when we went to college, we could still spend the weekends together. For me, it was a dream come true.