course not. He should not feel pressured to speak to anybody about his situation until he is ready. I merely mean that the two of you may want to release what you want on you own terms, in a controlled way, before you are bombarded with reporters. There is a PR person for the hospital who I'm sure could help you if you choose," she reassured us. I thought this was a good plan. I didn't want Edward to be questioned, and if I could prevent it from coming to that, I would. "In the meantime, I think it's time that he meets the people he's going to live with, don't you?" I smiled at Esme and took her hand, standing up and preparing myself for this. "I'm going to go in with you, just so he sees a familiar face. As soon as I think he's okay with you, I'll leave you to it. Just remember, right now it's important that he knows this wasn't his fault and he is safe now. He needs to be comfortable. Talk about what he wants to, don't force anything. Ready?" The suspense was killing me, and I was ready for this. It was amazing how much life had changed in just the few hours since we had stepped foot in this building. We could have never guessed that this would be happening even yesterday. I hoped we were doing the right thing, for us and for him. As we approached the door, I braced myself for any direction this first encounter could go. We would remember this moment for the rest of our lives. I remembered the first minutes with both Alice and Emmett so clearly, hopefully this would go just as well. With a final deep breath, we entered his room. I had put a small smile on my face, trying to look welcoming and reassuring. I had no idea if it was working or not. The boy lying in the bed was thin and pale. He did not look healthy, no matter what his doctor had told me. He had on a hospital gown, which all but fell off his shoulders. A thin paper mask covered his nose and mouth. His hair was short, and a red-brown color. His eyes were not looking at us, but at the far wall. I could see green, but that's not what got my attention. She dark bruise peeking out of his mask on one side of his face, including his left eye, looked pretty bad. He should have some ice for it. I couldn't see any other obvious signs of injury, but his arms were twisted in his blankets. He seemed cold. He was sitting up, but seemed far from relaxed. He was stiff and unmoving. "Hi, Edward. I have some people here to meet you." Edward blinked and looked up at her, not saying anything but clearly paying attention. He looked over at us too, watching us. We walked in closer to him, but the doctor stopped a few feet from him, I assumed not to intimidate him. "This is Carlisle and Esme Cullen. They're going to take you home, when you're ready. They're your foster parents. They live in a small town a few hours from here, you'll be very safe there. Carlisle's a doctor, but Esme will be able to work from home so she can be close by." I put an arm around Esme and pulled her to my side. She spoke first. "Hello, Edward, it's nice to meet you," she told him with a little smile. I looked at Edward, who had directed his gaze towards us again. He didn't talk, but it was clear that he was looking us over. We waited for him to say something, and when it was clear that he was not going to, his doctor spoke instead. "Alright, Edward, I'm going to leave you to talk. If you need anything, you know how to find me. I'll talk to you tomorrow. Have a good night, Dr. and Mrs. Cullen," she said with a smile, leaving us alone. "It's good to meet you, Edward. Your doctor said you're doing fine, but are you feeling okay? Your head doesn't hurt too bad?" I asked him. Edward only shrugged, looking away from us again and scrunching up his eyebrows. I looked around, before spotting a rolling stool and a chair. I grabbed the chair for Esme, before sitting on the stool myself. I thought we would appear less intimidating from the same level as Edward. After a somewhat awkward silence, Esme spoke up again. "So, the doctor says that you'll be discharged in a few days, probably Tuesday, and then we can take you home. We live outside a town called Forks. We have two other kids, Emmett and Alice. They'll be thrilled to have you there too. Emmett's about a year older than you, but Alice is your age…." She continued to tell him about our lives for a few minutes. I hoped that the more she talked, maybe it would open him up a little, but when she had run out of general things to say, Edward didn't respond. She looked at me and gave me a weak little smile, but I didn't know what to say either. "It's getting late, have you eaten dinner yet, Edward?" she asked. He looked up at her, a little warily, and then shook his head twice. "Carlisle, why don't you go out and find us some food, I'm sure nobody wants to eat hospital food. Would you mind?" "Of course not, anything in particular you want, Edward?" He gave a faint, humorless scoff, but said nothing. With a good portion of his face blocked from view, it was hard to get a good hold on what that meant. I looked at my wife, wondering what to do. "That's ok, why don't you just grab the first thing that looks good. I'm sure everything will be fine."