and gently brushed his hands up her naked body. ¨Do you know what happens when a vampire decides to claim a woman for his mate?¨ Still emerged in the fantasy he presented, Bella whispered, ¨No.¨ ¨Well,¨ Jasper said hoarsely, as she reached out and tentatively touched the bare skin of his chest for the first time. ¨He'll try his damndest to seduce her into bed, then work her into a frenzy, so that she eventually gives into his need to bite her.¨ ¨Oh?¨ Bella slipped her hands around Jasper's back and felt the muscles of his shoulders and arms tighten as he positioned himself on top of her. ¨And what happens if she let's him bite her?¨ she wondered. ¨Then she'll never be able to get rid of him.¨ He breathed the words softly in her ear, then kissed his way down her jaw to her neck, where he placed a playful nip. She pressed her body up against him, spurring him on. He began to rub her breasts, the sensation sent fire surging through her veins. He groaned softly as he pulled the tip of one breast into his mouth and stroked its taught peak with his tongue. When he moved to treat the other side to the same tender attention as the first, Bella knew then that Jasper would eventually win their little game. She'd give him anything he wanted, if only he'd continue the sweet torture of his mouth on her body. Full of yearning, she reached down, attempting to remove his boxer shorts. She needed to touch him. He sucked in a sharp, ragged breath when he felt her soft, warm fingers wrap around his cock. ¨Feels good,¨ she murmured. Jasper was so turned on that he couldn't figure out if Bella was asking him a question or making a comment. He let his head fall to her shoulder and took deep breaths, attempting to calm his galloping libido. Finally, he found the will to stop her. He knew the limits of his control, and Bella was quickly driving him over the edge. ¨Hold on, darlin'. Let's take this slow. We have all night.¨ It had been a long time since Jasper had lain with a woman, and he'd never had a human before . . . well, at least not since he'd been turned. Jasper ran his hands down Bella's waist and very gently over the rounded curves of her hips. ¨I don't want to hurt you.¨ His voice was soft and full of tenderness. Her brain raced to find the right words to reassure him. ¨I felt how big you are, but I'm pretty sure, as long as we take it slow, it will all fit.¨ Jasper raised his eyebrows in surprise. ¨Thanks, I guess, but I was talkin' about your bad hip. Are there any positions that you'd rather avoid?¨ ¨Oh, um, yeah,¨ She sputtered awkwardly. ¨I never lay on my right side, besides that, it should be fine.¨ ¨Good, cause right now I want you right there where you are . . . on your back.¨ His hands traveled up her inner thighs, spreading and caressing her tender flesh. She quivered with need as his fingers began to tease her most intimate place. The feeling was so wonderful that she arched into his touch, needing more, so much more. In response, Jasper parted her, and took her into his mouth. She moaned out his name as he feasted upon her, then drew back and flicked her with the pointy tip of his tongue. Bella tangled her fingers in his hair and held him to her as she moaned and bucked against his mouth. Her release was earth shattering. She screamed out his name, and then Jasper was on top of her, muffling her cries of ecstasy with his hungry kisses. She could taste the essence of her pleasure on his lips. She needed him inside her, deep inside her. ¨Where's the condom?¨ Jasper easily found one of the small foil packages in the dark. He opened it and put it on. Still quivering with aftershocks, Bella looked down to see Jasper's manhood, proud, strong, and glowing green between her thighs. Jasper flexed an internal muscle, causing his member to buck up and down. It looked massive. Bella swallowed nervously. ¨Just relax, darlin'. Nice and slow remember.¨ He whispered words of encouragement in her ear as he pressed himself fully against her, eager to be inside her. Slowly and gently he entered her. Her heat enveloped him, and he groaned deeply. The feeling was so intense. Bella's eyes rolled back in her head as she stretched to accommodate Jasper completely. He moved within her with short, deliberate strokes. His mouth drank in her soft mewling cries, as he savored the feel of her around him. Bella began to writhe below him as her need for friction intensified. He thrust into her harder and faster, his power doubling the intensity of every sensation. All Bella could do was hold on. Her heart pounded so violently that it eclipsed the strong beat of bass playing in the club above their heads. She clung to him desperately as wave after wave of passion washed over her. Jasper groaned deeply and shuddered as spasms of ecstasy overtook him as well. He struggled to keep his hands from squeezing her too tightly as he released his essence deep within her, and then collapsed on top of her. He grinned as he realized that she hadn't asked him to bite her yet. Time for round two. By round three, she had decided that they could make love with the lights on, and it was during orgasm number seven that she deliriously begged him to bite her. He did. No one could hear her euphoric screams over the sound of the loud music still going strong from the party upstairs. No one, of course, except for the five vampires in attendance. Trick or Treat! Put some candy in the bag!