its okay. It actually felt good to say those things out loud, Jess already knows about everything. We've been best friends since freshman year of high school. I haven't really talked about Ian for a while. I feel like if I talk about it he's really gone." I say, I look over to my side and quickly wipe a tear from my face. I barely know this guy. I don't know what came over me and why I wanted to tell him everything. "You said you lost some one too, I'm sorry as well." I say looking at him hoping he doesn't see the tears building up in my eyes. "It was a long time ago, but thank you Bella." He says with a hardened look on his face. "Well I think you'll like it here, WSU is a great school and Seattle is great place to start over." Little did he know I was already starting to like Seattle the moment I met him. I change the subject, enough with the heavy. "So Mike and Jess are on a date tonight, they move fast don't they?" I laugh. He laughs too "Mike's a great guy, I've known him since I was four. I can vouch for him, Jess and him will have a good time." "So how long have you and Laura been dating?" I blurt out; did I really just ask that? "About a year, our mothers are best friends. They've pushed us together since we kids." He says, he looks a little uncomfortable. Oh great! Their mothers are best friends there is no way I can compete. Not that I'm in the running anyway. A girl can wish. "It's getting late, I better get back." I say looking at the ground. I need to get out of here. He's unattainable I shouldn't entertain this idea anymore. "Sure." He says and walks us to the car. When we pull up to the parking lot of WSU he walks me to my car. "Thanks for dinner, the arboretum was great. I'll have to go again sometime." I stand there awkwardly; it's not a date I don't know what I am waiting for. Its not like he's going to kiss me. He moves in closer and I close my eyes, maybe he will kiss me. Maybe he feels the same way I do. I can feel his warmth on me and he leans closer, then kisses me on the forehead. It's a slow kiss, but I don't mind. "I had a good time with you Bella. I'll see you in class." He looks like he's hesitant to leave, but I pull away and get in my car. As I drive away, I glance in my rear view mirror and he's standing there by his car watching me leave. What the hell was that? He has a girlfriend, why would he want to have dinner with me? Why didn't he tell me he was in my class? Oh, and that kiss. It was so sensual; I don't even think I've felt like that not even with Jake. I have so many questions. This guy is like a freaking puzzle, but I definitely want to put the pieces together. 4. I walk into my apartment and I see Jess sitting on the kitchen table with books everywhere. I guess she's getting a head start on her homework. "Where were you? Did you have dinner?" She asks. Ever since Ian died she's always made sure I was taken of. So I'm not surprised when she shows concern. "Yes Jess, I had dinner. Actually Eddie took me to get some Mexican food." I say as I plop down on our new couches. She whips her head around "Excuse me? I thought Eddie had a girlfriend, and you said you weren't interested?" "We're just friends Jess. I just met him." "But you like him don't you?" "Have you seen him? Of course I like him, but he has a girlfriend. She's blonde perfection. I can't compete. Oh and did I mention their mothers are best friends?" I laugh. "Whoa, best friends huh. Bella I don't care if she's blonde perfection. I don't know why you refuse to see it, but you're beautiful. I know he's sees it. He would be blind if he didn't. I bet he likes you, a guy doesn't just ask a girl to have dinner if he didn't. Ill have to press Mike for some answers." "Don't worry about it Jess. He probably just feels sorry for me because of the other night. Probably just wanted to make sure I was okay. Oh and thank you for the compliment. Did I mention you're the best?" I smile at her. "I know." She laughs and comes to the couch and hugs me. "Jess?" "Yeah?" " Tell me about your date? I'm dying over here!" I start to laugh and she laughs too. "Oh my god! I thought you'd never ask. Let me start out by saying thank you for moving us here! He's aaaaahmazing, he took me to this little Italian restaurant over looking the water. He's so funny and smart! Not to mention he's easy on the eyes." We spent the rest of the night on the couch vegging out watching bad reality TV, and going over every little detail about her date. I'm glad Jess is happy, she's the best and I would be truly lost with out her. I'm also excited for her and Mike, from what she's telling me they definitely make a good match for each other. Any one who can keep up with her is okay in my book. Jess was definitely right he is handsome; he's tall with blonde hair and blue eyes and a great build. He reminds me of those guys you would see in an Abercrombie Ad. Jess is beautiful too she could give any guy a run for their money. She has dirty blonde hair, green eyes and legs for days.