most of it. Everyone was gathered here for a reason. They were gathered here for me, to force me to get Leah. They thought they could guilt me into it. Just because Leah and I were in the same situation once, doesn't mean I sympathize for her. That was a long, long time ago. "Jacob" Sue's voice caught my attention. I looked in her direction. "I know this is a lot to ask of you but I haven't seen my daughter in years and I if you can't bring her back could you just tell her that I miss her and love her." Oh, so they were going to try and guilt me. As much I wanted to deny, it was working. This was an ambush and they were going to guilt me to death until I agreed to go. But I couldn't go, for multiple reasons, I couldn't even begin to list them. I gulped, my throat was parched. I didn't know what to say. "Jake, please. If you don't like Leah, do it for my mom.." I did not hate Leah I just didn't like the drama she caused. And it was true that we were almost friends once a long time ago. When we were in the same pack together, it wasn't so bad. We got along. We understood each other. I could do it for her. I believed I owed her that much, but I couldn't I just wouldn't. Our small history together wasn't enough. I knew Mrs. Clearwater and she could guilt me easily but still it would not be enough. I had priorities here. I had Nessie. "Bro, just make sure she's okay, for me. You don't have to bring her back for the wedding just make sure she's safe and hasn't done anything crazy to harm herself. Do it for me, will ya? Just a check in on her that's all I ask. Please?" Oh man, I couldn't bear to see Seth like this. He was begging me. He also changed the conditions I wouldn't have to bring Leah back, I would just have to check in on her and make sure she wasn't doing anything crazy, like running to Russia. That would be all I would have to do but I would still have to say no. I still had no clue where she was. "Uh where'd you say she was again?" "Is that a yes?" His face perked up immediately. It was a sight to see. "Well I don't know exactly where she is but she headed back up to Canada. I thought you could catch her scent if you went along the highway and just follow it up." "Yeah I guess I could do that" I said optimistically. I had to sound positive I didn't want to ruin Seth's sudden happiness. I didn't want to cause Seth pain. I wanted to stop his pain. Who knew I would be able to cause it and stop it with just a simple word like "yes" or "no". "So are you gunna do it?" He asked, with a smaller smile this time. "Maybe" That was a lie. Every bit of hopefulness I gave him was a lie. "Can I have the day to think about it?"That wasn't a question. I looked around the room everyone had a somewhat disappointed or disapproving look on their faces. I couldn't believe. Most of the guys who used to rag on Leah looked genuinely sad. I could not understand. When did they have a change of heart? Now they felt sympathy for Leah. They could care less about her when she left the pack to go to Canada. But now they cared. What was up with that? Was it because Leah was in pain? Leah was always in pain. We could hear the bitterness in her thoughts every day. Now she's gone and we can't hear her thoughts, so do the guys feel more sympathy for her? Was it maybe because she was suffering alone? Whenever anyone of us was going through a rough patch we always had each other to comfort us. She doesn't have anybody wherever she is. She's facing her troubles and thoughts solo. Then it hit me, she is a part of the pack. She will always be a part of the pack no matter where she is or what she has done. The guys felt bad because our sister was suffering. If I had to do anything I would do it for the pack. I was the Alpha and I had to have an Alpha state of mind. How would I do this? I couldn't say yes and leave my Renesmee. I couldn't be away from her. Just thinking of her made me miss her. I couldn't say no because I would be letting down my pack and that's not what Alphas do. How would I be able to decide? I couldn't leave but I couldn't stay and do nothing. Well I did know some things for certain, five to be exact. They were the facts of my life and they were unchangeable. I was the Alpha. Everything was my responsibility. I had to put other people's need in front of mine. I could never be selfish again. The Cullens have moved away once again. Minus the exception of Edward, Bella, and Nessie. But once Nessie was seven, they would all move away. This brought me to my next point. Nessie was almost an adult. She was six years and two months old and in less than a year she will be fully grown. Charlie and Sue were getting married and Sue wanted Leah to come to the wedding and be her bridesmaid. If Leah doesn't come Bella would be more than happy to step up and be the bridesmaid. Leah was the one that was hurt. At first I thought Leah hurt Seth but I thought wrong. I had it backwards, Seth had hurt Leah. Bottom line, Leah was in pain.