his energy's. I feel his passion, lust and the underlining of pain, clenching at his soul. The whole world fades around us. Without thinking I turn him towards me, ripping him away from the other man. When his tortured brown eyes meet mine I hear a gasp part from his lips. The pain of his past shadow in his orbs the torment I see in them, match mine. Within the shadows of his eyes I see a warrior. I also see relief and recognition. I let my empathic abilities surround him. I am almost knocked on my feet by everything I feel from him, disbelief, confusion, relief, Love, contentment, fear, happiness, sadness. The emotion that confuses me the most, is his acknowledgment of the mating pull. Humans do not usually feel it, but I can already tell he is not your usual human. Gently he caresses my face, "How did you find me? I have been seeing you in my dreams, since I was a child." His hand begins to trembles. "You're not real, this can't be, this is too much; I can't." I hear the awe and fear in his voice. "She's coming please keep her safe." I look at him in confusion. "Who's coming, Keep who safe?" His body start to convulse in my arms and If I could cry I would. I have no idea what the fuck is going on. I hold him in my arms trying to keep him safe from any injury. Suddenly he stops shaking and he pulls away from me in confusion, his face draws a blank and his facial features change. I notice his eye color is a lighter brow. He looks around the room and then hold on to me tight. I am startled by the child like little girl's voice that comes from him. "Where am I? she looks at me with childlike wonder as a huge grin spreads across her face. "Hi! I know you. My brother has seen you in his dreams. " At first I'm startled and confused and then remember peter telling me to keep an open mind. "who's your brother?!" "You are a silly goose aren't you?!" she playfully hits my arm. "He was here a minute ago" She looks around the club like she is trying to find her brother. "His names Ian and I'm peaches, I'm 3 years old and I'm a girl!" She says proudly." She looks at me blinking her eyes rapidly. "Can you help me get home? It's too loud in here, my ears hurt." I smile down at Peaches "No worries little Darlin I will always keep you safe. Do you remember where you live?" Peaches nods her head yes, then reaches into her pocket and hands me a paper with her address on it. "Here you go kind prince!" She takes hold of my hand and starts skipping until we get out of the club; while talking a mile a minute. "Now We need to be very quiet when we get to my home, mommy might be home. I don't like mommy very much" "Why do you not like her?" "She's mean and stupid she hurt us. But that's okay, we are going to go live with Daddy tomorrow." The Puzzle pieces are starting to fit together, my heart breaks for my mate and everything they have gone through. I try to keep a casual conversation when in actuality I'm plotting the demise of her mother. "Do you want to live with your daddy? Is he a better person? Does he know what she has done to hurt you?" She shrugs her shoulder and shakes her head. "That's a lot of questions, my kind Prince! that's even more questions than I usually ask! No he does not know. Yes, I do want to live with him, and I hope he's a better person. I mean he is the police chief of forks, he has to be better, right?!" I look at her in shock. "Your Isabella Swan." Her eyes widen and she shakes her head yes and speak in her little child voice. "Yes, That's my host name! How did you know that?" I smile down at her. "I know Your father." "And, and!" "He is a very good, caring, honest and fair man." "He Is?!" Gently I squeeze her hand. "Yes and I know he will be good to you." "How do you know my daddy? He lives far, far, far away." "Well here's the thing little Darlin, I live in forks too." "You do?!" "Yes." "Then why are you here?" "I'm here for you, Ian and everyone else who lives inside of you." "Oh!" She thinks about that for a while then a huge smile spreads across her lips. "You really are Prince Charming, where is your white horse?!" Playfully I point to my Harley. "That's my horse." She lets go of my hand and runs to the bike and really looks it over. "that's not a Horse, it has no legs, you're silly!" "Miss Peaches, you are a cutie pie aren't you?" "I really am, I'm the cutest!" then suddenly she gets very serious. "I know you say you are here for us, but There are a lot of us in here. We might not all remember you, so be patient with us okay. I'll always remember you, because I'm the oldest and the youngest, I have been here the longest. But I'm still only three." She holds up three fingers and laughs. We are standing by my bike when she smiles and places the tip of her finger on my nose, "Boop!" She pulls her hand away, and then places the tip of her finger back on my nose and even louder says,"BOOP!" I smile at her and lightly place my finger on her nose, "Boop!" She laughs and claps her hands "I like you, you're fun! Okay I got to go now Ian is coming back, bye, bye buttercup!" "Bye, bye Peaches."