stand beside the gray one. "Looks like I have my own pack now. Leave Sam and don't come back." Jake said. Sam and the other wolves left without turning the backs to us. "Thank you Jake." I jumped at him and held him tight. "We should get in side." The wolves changed into two guys and one girl and we all went inside."I'm sorry about our fight Bells. I didn't tell them about the baby. When we are phased we can see in each others minds. I didn't mean for them to find out." Jake said. "It's ok Jake." I smiled at him."Now who else do I have to thank for helping me?" I said looking at the others. "I'm Seth Clearwater." The boy that I thought was the grey one. I went over and gave him a hug. "Thank you." I said. "Um. Your welcome." He said blushing. I looked at the other two. "I'm Embry Call." Said the boy that I think was the chocolate brown one. I felt this weird pull. I gave him a hug to and he held me tight and buried his face in my hair. "Thank you." I said blushing. "Your welcome Bella." He said looking me in the eyes. I looked at the girl. "I'm Leah Clearwater and you don't have to hug me." She must have been the small one. "I'm a hormonal pregnant women, so you don't want to piss me off. I want to hug the people that are helping me. So I'm giving you a hug whether you like it or not." I told her and gave her a hug. The boys were laughing."Thank you Leah." Then I looked back at Jake."So your all werewolves. How'd that happen?" I asked. "Let's sit down." Jake said. I sat on the couch and Embry sat close enough I could feel the heat from his skin. Seth sat on the other end of the couch, Leah and Jake in chairs."We are born with a gene that if we are near vampires long enough the gene gets activated. The Cullen's activated the gene in us. Once we turn we look and act older than we are, and we don't age as long as we keep phasing." He said. "I'm so sorry." I said."What do you want to talk about now?" I asked. "There is one more thing but we should talk about it in private." Embry said. "Ok. We could take a short walk out back." I said. We both got up and went outside. We were walking for a little while before he said anything. "Let's sit down." He said and pointed to a fallen tree. "What's this about Embry?" I asked. "After we phase the spirit's give each of us a gift called an imprint. The gift is they show us who we were made for, who is perfect for us, our soulmates. They show us who we would have eventually ended up with if we had never phased. It happens when we look into her eyes for the first time after the first phase. With that one look we will do anything for her, be anything for her." He said. "Embry what are you saying?" I asked nervous at what he would say. "I imprinted on you today Bella." He said. "I'm sorry Embry. I'm so sorry." I said. "Why? Why are you sorry?" He asked. I stood up and started pacing and messing with my hands. "Oh, come on Embry. You can't tell me your happy about this. I'm pregnant with my ex-vampire-boyfriends baby. I'm going to become a vampire shortly. You can't be happy about this." I said. He stopped me and cupped my face with his huge hot hands. "Bella I will love you no matter what. I don't care that your pregnant, and I won't care when you become a vampire. I will always love you!" He said looking me right in the eyes. "You love me?" I asked looking up through my eyelashes. "The imprint makes things happen faster then normal, but that doesn't make the feelings any less really. I fell in love with you the moment I laid eyes on you. Love at first sight, literally." He said with a smile. "I think I love you to. But I can't be sure because the only relationship I've been in was really messed up. So your going to have to be patient with me. And me and my kids are a package deal. Can you deal with that. " I said and he nodded vigorously. He started to come closer so I backed up until my back hit a tree, and he was up against me but minded the baby bump. He leaned down until his lips were a breath away from mine. "Can I kiss you Bella?" He asked. Instead of saying anything, I closed the space between us and kissed him lightly. After a second I pulled away. He looked at me for a minute and kissed me harder. His tounge slipped out and ran across my lip. I slowly opened my mouth for him, and he plunged in as soon as it was open. Our tounges battled for control, he of course won. We kissed for a while then headed back to the house hand in hand. We got back and everyone was still in the living room. "So are you two Harry's kids?" I asked pointing to Leah and Seth. "Yes we are." They said together. "I know Jake is 16, but how old are the rest of you?" I asked. "I'm eighteen." Leah said. "I'm sixteen." Seth said. "And I'm seventeen." Embry said from beside me on the couch. "So how is this going to work?" Jake asked looking at my stomach."What do you need us to do?" Tell me about anything you think I should change. I need feed back not just on this one on my other one to and any other one's I may write.