downstairs where Auntie Rose was taking care of me, he said that it was like he couldn't help himself, he just had to go in that direction. And then, the minute he looked into my eyes, he knew that I was the one. He imprinted on me and he would be my protector for life. He said that no one would ever be able to keep me safer or love me more than him. He said that he would always be there for me. He would be whatever I needed him to be. But now I am still trying to figure how that works. It's kind of like a puzzle that I can't put together because I am missing some of the pieces. Sometimes I think that Momma and Daddy know, but they aren't telling me. With nothing else to do, I have been running through Jacob's last words in my head over and over. I guess that the most peculiar thing was that he never said anything about why he couldn't come with us. He just said that I couldn't go with my family. But my family said a lot of things about why I should stay with them. And they said a lot of things about why we couldn't stay in Forks anymore. But Jacob never told me why he just couldn't come. The first thing that he said when they told him that we were leaving was that I stay to stay with him because he had imprinted on me. He called me Nessie, that awful monster nickname that he called me when I was little. Then he called my Daddy a bloodsucker. That made me really upset. One is the worst insults that you can call a vampire is "bloodsucker." But I didn't know why Jacob was being mean to him all of the sudden. And then he scared me because he said that if I was too young to live with him (even though I would be full grown on my birthday) then I could live with Sam and Emily until I was old enough, like Claire does. But I don't want to live with Sam and Emily. Emily has two little babies to take care of, and Claire too. But Claire is her niece and her Mommy and Daddy live close by on the Makah reservation. My family would be very far away. It is not that I don't like Emily. She's very nice. In fact she was the one who explained imprinting to me. But she wouldn't spend time with me like my own Momma and Daddy. And she couldn't teach me like they do. In fact, I know more things in the books than she does. In fact, once she told me that I know more than the teachers in the Quileute School. But everyone got so mad at each other or scared like me that I didn't want to be there anymore. The last time that I saw my Jacob, he was staring at me because he couldn't believe that I was asking him to please talk to Daddy, Carlisle, and Jasper outside. But I didn't want to hear him call anyone else that I loved a bad name. And I knew that he was hurt, and I didn't want to see that either. That was when I got really confused because I could see that there was no way that I could make everyone happy, including me. But that was the last time I ever saw him. We went home, packed up, and the next morning went to see Grandpa and Sue to say goodbye. And then we left. I asked Daddy if Jacob was coming with us and he said no. Then I asked if Jacob could come with us if he wanted and he said yes. But he said that Jacob would have to want to. And I know that he means it. When Carlisle found a house that he liked, it had a little cabin close to it on the property. That is the house that everyone liked best, so that is the house he buying. I asked Esme and she said that she would fix it up for Jacob if he decided to come. So he even has his own place to live. It would be closer to me than he was on the reservation back in La Push. Every time Carlisle calls, I ask if Jacob has come yet, and he says that he hasn't. If it wasn't for the fact that I don't know what Jacob is thinking or whether he will come to stay with me, I could really be happy that we are moving. I have always wanted to go to school and meet other children my age. And I have missed having my whole family around me. In Whitehorse, I get to go to school and be with my whole family. But if Jacob doesn't come, then I am not sure that I can be happy. I look up and can see that Daddy is looking back at me through the mirror again. He looks concerned. Sometimes I think that Daddy is sorry that he can hear every thought that every person around him is having. Sometimes it means that he has to hear things that he doesn't want to hear. Author's note: The narration of this chapter may seem a little disorganized, but that is because I am trying to catch the flavor of the way that an adolescent girl like Renesmee might think while ruminating over in her life, sitting in a car, with nothing else to do. So don't be surprised if her thoughts meander along jumping from topic to topic as they come to mind. It is intentional. And for those of you who may be concerned about Jacob, I will be switching to his POV after a few chapters. You will see things from the perspective of others as well. I hope that you enjoy! HM