of anatomy. It stood straight up, high against his belly, taut and leaking. I lightly graze my fingers against the underside of his cock and hear Jacob curse. I lie back onto the bed and pull Jacob by his hand to come with me. His body feels 10 times hotter than before and it soothes my nervous skin. He sits up on his knees and takes the edge of my panties in his hand, slowly pulling them down my legs. When he's back up to my face, I grab him and pull him against me once more. "I'm ready Jacob." He nods, kissing me deeply. He rests his forehead against mine as I feel the tip of his cock rub up and down my wet folds. My breathing escalates. My heart is racing. My legs are shaking. He notices. "I love you Bella." He confesses right as he thrusts inside to the hilt. My eyes immediately water and my body tightens around him. "I'm sorry Bella, I'm so sorry." "It's okay. I'm okay. Please move." There is absolutely no rhythm at first, it's us trying to figure out our bodies and trying to race towards something unknown. Then there... Oh my god, there... "Jacob! Oh my..." I grab his shoulders as I feel him thrust closely against me. His skin rubbing against my clit every time he slides into me. I can't control myself as my back arches and I bury my head into the pillow. I feel my tits bounce with every thrust and he seems to notice because I feel his hot mouth envelope my left nipple, gently tugging the hardened peak. I spread my legs wider, trying to get all of him inside me. This feeling of being absolutely filled to the brim of pleasure and pain is something that I'll never forget and definitely something I plan on repeating any chance I get. "Bella... oh yeah Bella..." "More Jacob... please... don't stop..." He sat on his knees, bringing my body closer to his as he plowed his cock into me. My hands blindly reached behind me to grab the pillow, anything I could hold onto to keep from losing myself completely. The sound of wet skin meeting wet skin and our labored breaths was the soundtrack of the room. " Yes Jacob! Oh! Oh yes! Oh my go- o - od !" My hair is sweaty and sticking all over me. I know I must look incredibly insane but the way Jake is making me feel is phenomenal. "Yes... yes... Bella... you feel- oh God, you feel so good." I never thought in a million years I'd be here, under Jake, with him making my body feel the things I'm feeling. With every thrust, grind, swirl and smack of his hips, I'm falling further into obliviated bliss. It's clear where we're headed. A place that I've never been to, only in my deepest fantasies... But this was real; happening right this second... "Ohh myyy..." My toes curled and my back arched painfully delicious. My lower half shook with pleasure as Jacob continued his frenzied thrusts, racing to meet me in my own sweet rapture. Jacob buries his head into my neck and sucks my tender flesh as he comes inside of me in hot waves. Our moans are long and continuous as we ride out the last of our orgasms. Every single part of my body is a live wire that seemed to have gotten wet somewhere along the way every time Jacob shallowly thrusts back inside of me. When our breathing has gone back to normal, my legs unclamp from his waist and fall open; exhausted and sore. Jacob rolls to his side next to me and brings my body into his. My head lands right above his heart and I can still hear it pound loudly. Nothing is said as I count the beats until I fall into a deep sleep... When I wake up, it's daylight. I notice that I'm buried under covers and I'm no longer as warm as I was when I fell to sleep. I sit up in Jacob's bed wincing at the feeling between my legs and my back. There's a note on Jacob's dresser with a single yellow wildflower. Bella Last night was amazing Billy called your dad and told him you stayed over They went out fishing early this morning I'm in the kitchen Yours, Jake I reread it a couple of times, wiping the sleep away from my eyes. I got up from the bed and quickly found a long black t-shirt folded next to the flower. I slipped it on and nervously made my way to the kitchen. He was there already, standing in front of the window looking out towards the woods in just a pair of jeans. My thighs clench from just the sight of him and the memory from last night. His head whips up and he whirls around to meet my gaze before I even realize I was caught rubbing my legs together. "Hi..." I say nervously. He walks over to me and but doesn't touch me. He's nervous. I can tell by the way his brows are turned and the way he avoids my eyes. "Last night was..." I start off but I couldn't even finish the thought because there was no way to put last night into words. I shake my head and look up towards him again. His dark eyes meet mine and I slowly raise my hands to touch his chest. His breathing hitches as I make my way up to his neck. " Jacob..." I whisper as I bring our lips closer together. I will never get tired of the way he looks at me. Or the way it feels when he touches me. Or the way his lips mold to mine like the most perfect puzzle pieces, built only for my lips. And when his lips meet mine... it's so, so, sweet. And he's mine...