get to join us on missions as we deal with the law breakers and mischief makers throughout the world. You will travel. Will you take us up on our offer or return home for the rest of your existence? We promise you that you will and can return to Ottawa whenever you feel like you have seen enough or are ready to leave." It was silent as I stood there, my mouth wide open in shock. I had the chance to travel, but I could not leave my family and go to the one coven where they would least want me. Mother and father would never allow it. Aunt Alice and uncle Jasper would never allow it. Aunt Rosalie and uncle Emmett would never allow it. Nana Esme and Poppa Carlisle would never allow it. Heck even the wolves would never allow it. I would never have the chance to travel, even if it were to Italy. I bit my lip, contemplating on what I would say. Would I say yes and not even ask permission? I couldn't. That would count as running away. My frown deepened as I looked between the two Volturi guards. I glanced around the parking lot to see we were mostly alone. Apart from Connor, who was watching this conversation like a hawk, and a few random teachers and students. All of them were too far away to hear what was being said. I looked back over towards the twins, ignoring the look of impatience on Jane's face. I wished like heck I could go with them, but it would be a miracle to get permission to go. I sighed deeply before finally answering their offer. "As much as I would love to travel and see how you're coven works I have to decline your offer. I cannot and will not go stay with a coven that came to destroy my family and their friends when I was a mere child. I also could not risk Chloe's life, taking her to a place full of vampires. She is human with blood pumping in her veins. My mother and father are more likely to give me permission to get on an aircraft to the moon than to go to Volterra. I apologize for your wasted visit." I felt that was a good enough excuse to decline their offer and not begin an argument in the middle of the school parking lot. It was near empty minus the few still lingering, such as Connor. Jane shrugged and raised her hand, making a gesture for someone to come forward. Felix and Thomas suddenly and unexpectedly appeared beside Jane and Alec. "Oh," I breathed in surprise. I could hear the shocked gasp from where I was stood, and knew Connor was still watching us and had just seen the two men appear out of thin air. "Hello Felix, Thomas." Both men nodded at me silently and looked over at Jane. "She declined, just like I told master she would. Let us go home, I am tired of this. Aro will be displeased. Ciao half-breed, may we never meet again. Next time, I might just kill you." Her monotonous laughter made my skin crawl. It was horrible as her eyes sparkled in excitement. I stood still as stone as the four Volturi guards took off at vampire speed, leaving a comfortable wind behind them. I let the cool breeze pull away my anger at the dangerous vampire. I turned with a sigh and finally stepped inside my car, ready to go home and complain on the phone to Chloe for most of the night. The regret I felt inside of me as I made my way home was not pleasurable at all. I had thrown away my only chance at having a true feel of freedom and maybe I'd even find who and what I was while I was out there. I knew I was half human, half vampire but I did not know much of my kind. Mother and father had insisted I stop my friendship with Nahuel when he admitted to my mother that he liked me more than he should. I was unique, and according to him the way I thought, my personality, and the way my mind worked bemused him and made him want to have more than friendship with me. It was around then my mother banned him from seeing or speaking to me again. I was only seven but had the mind and body of an adolescent. We had only spoken once since then and that was on my eighth birthday where he came to apologise and give me a gift. I never got to find out what that gift was. Again, mother went crazy and told him if he wanted to carry on existing not to come here again. I was outraged my mother had acted so cruelly. I think that was the last time we had argued properly. A full week the argument lasted. Neither of us were willing to admit we were wrong, but in the end she had and I gained an apology and permission to speak with Nahuel. He never answered when I called him, and by the time I was ten I had stopped trying to contact him and given up. I growled quietly when I realized I had let my mind wander onto a completely off-topic topic. It irritated me as I pulled into the driveway where everybody else's cars were parked having beat me home. As I took a look around my home I decided in that instant, I would not live to regret my decision. I was going to change it. I would go to Italy and I sure as heck would get permission for it. I wouldn't stop until I had my bags packed and I was on a flight to Rome. Ready or not, fierce Renesmee Carlie was going to make her first appearance after a long time of hiding in the shadows.