best. I spent every day and every night with Bella. For three months she was my world. Sometimes Alice hung out with us, but mostly it was just she and I. You would have thought that we might have run out of things to say to each other, but no, never. There were books and music that we both enjoyed. And we talked about the future. She was my life. I planned to spend every minute of her life that I could with her. She worried and worried about getting old while I stayed young. She didn't know how much I wished that I could grow old and die with her. And she didn't believe that it was she I loved, her heart and soul. The physical package was just that, a package. I was determined that I would not steal her soul from her. Carlisle tried to talk to me of course. He has such an idealistic view of me. He is positive that I have a soul and that if ever I stop existing, I will go to heaven. He forgets that I murdered so many men in my thirst for human blood that I lost count. But he still swears that I am so intrinsically good that I never took a life that would not have taken other lives. He is convinced that this gives me a bye, that St. Peter will just throw open the pearly gates because I killed the right people. But where Bella was concerned, our love was doomed from the beginning. Our three perfect months of bliss were shattered, not by some vindictive enemy, but by my own stupidity, in my own home. Do I blame Jasper for attacking? How can I, when I was the one who threw temptation in his way? All that I could hope was that if we left, then Bella might be able to live happily. But my hopes were dashed as surely as her body was when it hit the rocks under the cliff at La Push. I was too late. I should have known that such a perfect love could only have turned into equal misery for both of us if we were apart. I couldn't live with my family. I couldn't live with anyone. I was days away from making the decision to return to Forks, afraid that she would have moved on, more afraid that she was miserable, yet too cowardly to find out. What if I had returned home and found her in such deep despair hat she was ready to . . . do what she did? What could I have done to stop her? Would she even have believed me if I had fallen to my knees before her and begged her to take me back? What I wouldn't give to set the calendar back, to get on that plane in Rio, to reach her before it was too late? Instead, I got on a plane to Italy, to seek my own demise. I was so arrogant when I mocked Romeo for killing his one true love through sheer stupidity. I did this to her, and I cannot live in a world where she doesn't exist. My last hope is that by some miracle of fate, Carlisle is right and I can find her on the other side. He loves me so much that he imagines that I will eventually find my eternal rest in heaven. Perhaps, the goodness of her life will force them to reconsider her entrance into that place of eternal bliss. If an angel can love of demon on earth, so too can she love one in heaven? My mind is swirling with so many thoughts and notions of planning my death that I don't even know what to think of the future. I need to focus on what is left of the present. But it will be no worse for me anyway. Either I will die and find her, or die and turn into nothingness. Whatever it is that I am living in now, surely nothingness is better. And this existence that Aro is offering me? He has seen into every corner of my mind. He knows that I have no desire to exist without Bella. Why can't he just make it easier for both of us? Surely he saw in my mind that the only other option that he has left me is to provoke him into action? Perhaps the guards are bored right now. I saw the gleam in Felix's mind when he realized that he might get the chance to take me down. And Demetri was excited by the idea of tracking me down. What a challenge! A mind reader who can hear him coming! They will both be very disappointed when I offer no resistance. Aro does his best to hide his disappointment when I refuse, but he can't, not from me. I know that he is going to give the order to Felix and Demetri to bring me back alive, if at all possible. They will return me here and he will offer again. Caius knows of his plan and is angry at the idea that Aro is so fascinated with my power that he will compromise the severity of the Voluturi's punishment to try and preserve it. And Marcus doesn't care. He has seen this conflict too many times before. Aro gets an idea and Caius thinks he is a fool for it. And so I turn and slowly walk away, turning the possibilities for death over in my mind. I smile to myself as I hear Felix think that maybe he can get away with making a mistake and really killing me when he tries to capture me. Yet before I can fully escape, Aro hurls one final thought at me, Carlisle. Author's note: Some of the details that I have included come from the manuscript of Midnight Sun posted online by Stephanie Meyer. (Revised 2 Jan 14)