fall asleep on the way back to avoid talking to him. When he dropped me off he tried to walk me to my door but I brushed him off, saying that I didn't want him to have to leave the warm car. I remember spending the rest of that week on my own, making sure to avoid both Edward and Jake. Eventually I got over it. The longer Edward was with Leah the more I realized that I wanted him. It hurt that he didn't want me but I realized that I could live with it. oOo After that, there were other things that kept us apart. More importnat things oOo Edward and Leah dated the rest of junior year. When he would come to me with their problems I would selfishly take comfort in the fact that even though they were together, they were far from perfect. And after all the drama that inevitably comes with high school relationships, they ended right before the summer started. My relief was brief, however, because Jane had taken over his life by the start of senior year. They only lasted a few months but in that span of time there had been a pregnancy scare and a run in with her parents that ended the relationship. Something about their daughter being cussed out by her high school boyfriend hadn't gone over well with them. Go figure. Turns out the baby wasn't even his. Big surprise there. I had warned him on more than one occasion to be wary of her, but it took her actual baby's father to come out and admit their shenanigans before Edward saw the light. And when he was heartbroken, I was there to console him. The rest of the year was quite, but in the summer before college, the unthinkable happened. I was spending the weekend with Alice and Edward because their parents were out of town at a medical convention for his father, Carlisle. We spent the weekend as careless teenagers on the brink of adulthood, drinking in the last few moments of the carelessness that childhood provided. It was a Saturday night that we got the news out at First Beach via phone call to Alice's cell. She stepped away to take a call and came back crying and stammering, her words unintelligible. "Mom and dad," she managed to sputter out behind a waterfall of tears. She was collecting her purse and I dialed in to her in just enough time to hear wail the words car accident. "What do you mean, car accident?" Edward's voice broke as he ran after Alice, who was already running back to the car. When she dropped the keys in the sand and dropped to her knees to frantically look for them, I knew I should be the one to drive. I took them to their grandparent's house in Port Angeles where we learned that Carlisle and Esme had been hit by a drunk driver on their way back to Forks. Carlisle had been pronounced dead on the scene, and Esme was in critical condition. By the time we made it to the hospital, it was too late. After the funeral, everything had changed. Alice was withdrawn and Edward thought that meant he needed to compensate by taking on an exuberant personality. Alice went off on scholarship to the University of Houston on a full ride to get away from it all while Edward stayed behind to help his grandparents close out the loose ends of his parents' lives. I offered to defer a year and stay with him, but both he and my parents had refused to let me. "It's not your responsibility to take care of me. You can't put your life on hold just because mine has fallen apart." I reluctantly went off to Washington State, which was eight hours inland, but we always kept in close contact. By sophomore year, Edward acted so differently that I could hardly recognize him. Thankfully, he had opted to join me at university and by then he'd long dropped his exuberant facade. When he came to terms with everything he became deeply unhappy, not only at the death of his parents but at the realization that he'd lost some of the best time of his life to such a painful experience. He was only a year behind Alice and myself, but he saw that as a painful reminder of why he hadn't gone off to school with the rest of us. He resented Alice for leaving him behind to handle things without her and just as she was finally healing, he ripped her apart again. The first time I spoke to her since college started was when she called me to ask me for advice. When I agreed with Edward that it seemed a little selfish to leave him in Forks, she was hurt. I hadn't meant to take sides, but in making my observations I had angered her, and I didn't hear from her again until after graduation. Between the parade of women he brought around to the late nights he'd spend partying and drinking, Edward had gone completely reckless. I tried my best to help him, but managing his mental health was far beyond my pay grade. As much as I pleaded with him, he would ignore my concern and would even get upset to the point of lashing out, throwing tantrums and refusing to speak to me for days on end. Those were always our worst times. In spring semester I convinced him to get help. His severe mood swings had caused me to recoil at his touch, unsure if he'd pull me in and cling desperately to me or push me away. The fact that I didn't feel comfortable around him prompted him to bargain with me. He agreed to get help if I promised to work on our friendship. Both were things I wanted, so I agreed. From there, things had only gotten better.