will take you" then she smiled and left me confused. When I went to ask her she says that I will know but I have to be patience. That's all. My dad stopped the car and we climbed out of it. My dad starting walking towards the door leaving me behind as soon as I open my mouth to ask him he turns around and said "there's someone waiting for you dear." And then walk back into the palace. I was standing dumbfounded. I don't know what he was saying. But then I heard a male voice saying my name. "Ellie" the voice said. Oh no I know this voice. It can't be true. He can't be here. But when I turn around tears started to run down my cheeks. In front of me was standing Dean Lawrence Anderson. My brother and the first person in the whole world who knows me more than myself. I can't believe that he was standing in front of me. I waste no time in running into his awaiting arms. I miss him so much well he was gone for only a week but what can I say. I love him to no end. He hugged me back tightly and I started sobbing on his now wet coat. "Hey there midget, I miss you too. But it's only been a week." He said while wiping the tears from my face. "I know but what can I do I love you so much." I said while he chuckled. "I love you too sweet pie. And may I say you are looking very pretty. Oh, you grow so fast." He said while sighing sadly. I have to laugh at that. "You are not looking too bad yourself and for your kind information you are only 3 yrs elder than me ok." I said as we started walking back to the dining room. "Age is just a number baby. I know a lot more than you." He said "And what does that suppose to mean" I asked "You'll know" he said and went to greet my dad as soon as I was going to ask him what he meant. Urgh. Why did they have to keep things from me? I started to get angry but took deep breaths to calm myself. I don't want to ruin my dinner. The dinner went quite okay. We said our goodbye to everyone and then headed back home. Dean came with us. We said our good night and then went to bed. The next day was going to be a long day. Saying goodbye to your closest friends is not easy but I will manage. But I wonder how they will take my sudden moving decision. I put all these thoughts aside and went to sleep. … Well saying goodbye to my friends didn't go the way I planned. I thought that it would be easy and I will not cry. But in the end I cried, and Kurt my best friend won't talk to me because I m leaving so soon but in the end he gave up and what surprises me the most that he actually cried. It was weird to saw him like that because he is a 'tough guy'. But as it is said "you know the value a person in your life when they are leaving". Same was in my case. Dakota gave me a good 1 hour speech on 'how to behave with new people' and 'what to do if someone try to hit on you'. I literally have to laugh on that. She behaved as if I was a 3 three year old and was going on the picnic for the first time. So, now here I am sitting on the sofa, and crying on my brother's shoulder. He is not coming with us, because he has to complete his college. I shouted at him and then begged him to come with me, he was about to gave in but I thought that it won't be right to destroy his future because of my sake. It was his dream to go into that college and as far as he is happy I m happy too. "Come on I promise I'll call once …no twice a week. And will visit you on holidays." He tried to comfort me. I know that watching me cry was hurting him. So, I just put myself together for him. "Promise me." I said while wiping away my tears. "I promise midget." He said while hugging me. "Stop calling me that, I m tallest in my class." I said while standing up. "Okay okay. I m sorry." He said. "Alright you two, ellie go and start packing we have to leave tomorrow." My dad said while patting kodo's fur. My arctic dog. He is an Alaskan malamute. I love him to death. He is very protective of me. I got him as my 13 birthday present. He is three years old and came slightly above my knee. I thank god that at least he is coming with us. "Okey dokey dad." I said and climb the stairs to my room, Kodo hot on my heels. I packed everything, my clothes, shoes, books, guitar and my scrap book. I have four scrap books. I love to take pictures. It's the best thing to keep memories safe. I took my dinner and then went to bed. Tomorrow I will be leaving London. I was sad but a part of me was bit happy because I can start my life from the beginning. But still someone was there who I don't want to face. Not because I m afraid but because I wonder what will happen to him when he will see me. A/N:this is my first fanfic... i know its a bit boring but the next few chapters are important for the base of the story.. hope you all like it.. please review and let me know what do you think. :)