kind girl, maybe he needs kind girl to help him. Give him a chance, please? That's all I ask for." "I will see what I can do. " "Thank you. I be going now! Speak soon to you Ms. Bella," she said in broken English. She walked out of the room, leaving Bella by herself. She sat down on the bed and the tears started pouring down her pale cheeks. She kicked off her sneakers and laid down on her stomach. She couldn't stop crying. She missed her warm house, she missed her father and she was so sad that Edward treated her so poorly. She was stuck here. She was always paying for other people's mistakes, first she had to pay for her father's financial problems and now she was probably paying for some girl who broke Edward's heart and subsequently turned him into a monster. He had everything, she found it very hard to believe that he could be hurting about anything else. She sobbed into the lavender pillow and prayed for a better tomorrow. Edward had finished some work on his laptop in his study, he walked past Bella's room. The door was creaked open a little bit and he could hear heart wrenching sobs. He walked over to the door quietly and looked into the room. She was emotional.. or maybe he had been too hard on her. He knocked on her door. "Can I come in?" "Just a minute!" He watched as she raced around the room looking for something to wipe away her tears. He decided to just walk in. "No need to hide, I heard you sobbing." She looked at him with a sad expression on her face and her big, brown eyes were watery. The sight of her in pain and in tears, pulled at his heart. Nobody not even a beast, could not feel something for her. "You did? I'm sorry. I'm just overwhelmed." "There's no need to apologize. I'm sorry for being rude. You must be hungry. Do you want to get some Chinese with me?" She smiled a little and nodded her head. "It's okay. Yes I'm starving, I love Chinese food." "Me too. You know New York has the best Chinese food in the whole world, well except for China," he said, attempting to make a joke. Bella giggled, it sounded like heaven to him. "That's true. So, what are you going to order?" "Orange chicken and fried rice. Do you like that?" "It's my favorite." He looked at her curiously and smirked because it was his favorite too. He pulled out his iPhone and ordered the Chinese food for delivery. He ended the call and sat down on her bed sort of awkwardly. "What are you going to study at NYU?" He asked. "English with a minor in Literature. I love writing and reading." He smiled, he studied literature and journalism at Yale. "That's a very interesting subject. I studied literature and journalism at Yale." "I know you did, I read that in your first publication of GQ, under the notes from the Editor section," she said. "So, you've been stalking me?" he asked jokingly. "Um no! I just happened to come across it and now here I am talking to you. Fate had a weird sense of humor huh?" "I'd say so." They both sat there awkwardly and looked at each other. There was something different here and they both could feel it. It was that unknown feeling, something you feel when something great or horrible is going to happen. Adrianna walked into the room with a paper bag of Chinese food in her hand and two glasses full of coke. She placed it onto the dresser table and then quickly left. Edward reached over and gave her some food. He handed her a fork. She opened the box up and began to eat the food. He was right, it really was the best Chinese food she had ever had. She began to eat very quickly and savored every morsel of the Orange Chicken. He chuckled a little, he hadn't found anything to be humorous in the longest time, in fact he hadn't remembered the last time he laughed. "What's so funny?" "You have Orange Chicken sauce all over your face." He reached inside the paper bag, grabbed a napkin and began to wipe the sauce off her ruby, red lips. His fingers gently grazed across her lower lip by mistake. He felt a spark of electricity at the skin on skin contact and quickly recoiled his hand away as if he had been electrocuted. "Thank you." "You're welcome. Isabella I need to go finish some work of mine. I'll see you in the morning okay? Have a goodnight." He lied. She nodded her head and waved goodbye to him. "Goodnight Edward! Thanks for the food." He smiled a little, took the food with him and walked up 2 floors to the 4th floor. He walked into his private study. It always made him feel somber when he went in there, nobody was ever allowed up there. He walked over to the big oak desk, left the food on the desk and sat behind it. There was a picture of a beautiful, blond in a black picture frame on his desk. He looked longingly at the picture. "I wish you could tell me what to do right now. I miss you Tanya, I really do. Bella is kind, she's like an angel, maybe you sent her to me? What am I doing? You can't talk back to me," he spoke loudly to the picture. He grabbed the picture frame and hurled it across the room, it broke into pieces. Next to about 10 other broken picture frames. He walked over to it and picked the picture up and he shouted out in anguish. He was a broken man, a beast with no love and nobody to hold. For who could ever learn to love a beast?