him enough to know what happened on your birthday. Yes, I have seen him, and I do know how to reach him, to an extent." I gasped. "How? I need to talk to him." Peter stands up, and at first, I'm irritated, then he gestures for me to stand and follow him. We go up a tiny, hidden flight of stairs to the second level. We stop at the first door off of the landing. Peter knocks. All of a sudden, I get it. Jasper is here. A sound from the other side of the door startles me. A whimper of either pain or sadness, I wasn't sure. Peter cracks the door the slightest bit. "Major? There is someone here to see you." He looks up at that, and I feel my heart break. His black eyes are devoid of any emotion, life, anything. The bruise-like shadows under his eyes are so prominent, making his eyes appear to be sunken in. If it's even possible, he looks even paler than before. He looks like I did at one time: a broken, catatonic shell of what he once was. He looks fragile, breakable, not like the vampire I knew back in Forks. I mean, I'm still not even close to what I once was when he knew me, but I'm working on it. I exhale a sigh of relief. "Jasper." Peter nudges me, not too gently, into the room and leaves me with Jasper. I walk to where he was sitting curled up on the bed and crawl up to sit next to him. He rolls over to face me. "Hey Jasper." He looks up at me, acknowledging he heard me, but didn't make a sound. However, he places a hand on my neck, feeling my pulse under my skin. He starts to make a quiet purring sound, as if he was a contented cat. I wondered why, but decided to file it into the back of my mind to ask Charlotte about later; she would probably know. His flat black eyes bored into my chocolate brown ones, and the emptiness almost brings me to tears. I feel this deep seeded urge to comfort him, so I do. I pull him into my arms, and he crawls into them willingly. He starts to dry sob, breaking my heart for him even more. I pull him into my lap, and when he's settled, I rock us softly. "Shhh, Jasper. I've got you; I'm right here and not going anywhere." At that, his sobs quieted to whimpers and I continued to soothe him the best that I could. His sadness was slightly oozing onto me and it was taking my whole being to not cry with him, but I held them back. I clearly needed to be the strong one here. I need to get some happy emotions into him. I begin thinking about puppies and kittens because I know it's the quickest way to make me feel warm and fuzzy. The whimpers slow down too, so I know I'm passing my positive emotions to him. Thank god that worked. He looks up at me. "Thank you, Bella." I smile at him in response, kissing his head, resuming the rocking. It seems to help, and I will do whatever it takes to bring him back to himself. He goes limp in my arms, and I panic. "Peter! I need you here ASAP!" I say in my normal volume, knowing he'd here me easily. In seconds, he and Charlotte are at my door. "What's wrong, sugar?" He looks at Jasper in my arms, and he relaxes his panicked posture, and seeing that, I do too. "He fell asleep. I didn't know vampires could, but with the lack of blood in his system, I can understand why. His body is trying to recover from the lack of energy," he says. I nod. "How are we going to get him fed? He clearly hasn't moved much," I reply. "We'll give him some donated blood bags until he can go hunt for some fur to munch on himself. We'll leave you too now. Try sleeping, Bells." "Can you go get my bag?" "It's right here at the door by the bathroom whenever you're ready," he says. "Can you take him now? I need to take a human moment." He nods, gently lifting Jasper off of me and placing him back on the bed. He whimpers and it breaks my heart. I take off my shirt, and Peter's eyes widen in shock. "Give him my shirt. The scent should last until I get back." He shakes himself from his shocked state and places the shirt by Jasper's nose, the whimpers stopping almost immediately. He then leaves with a small wave that I return. I go to the bathroom, take off my makeup, and put on my pajamas. I go back to Jasper, who is tossing and turning, as if he's in a nightmare. I would know all about nightmares. I shake him gently, trying to wake him. "Jasper! Wake up, sweetheart. Come back to me." His eyes shoot open, locking on me. He relaxes immediately when he sees me. "I thought that you left and I panicked," he stutters, starting to sob again. I pull him to my chest, resuming the rocking, seeing how well it worked the last time. He calms down, breathing in my scent. I rest my head on his, breathing in his scent of musk, leather, and peppermint, a scent that is solely Jasper. His unnecessary breathing settles again, and I know he fell back asleep. I lay back down, bring Jasper with me. I fall asleep with a purring vampire in my arms. So that's the introduction to my story! I know it's totally different than what was here, but I'm excited as to where this is going. I am looking for a beta, so if you would be down for that, drop into my PMs and we can talk. Later lovelies! ~B