pressured into dating Lauren Mallory." "Fine that's your excuse for high school, but what about college or the last 10 years! What was the reason for not telling me then?" "I don't know, Bella! I was a coward and I did not want to lose what we had but then you started dating and got scared I was going to lose you anyways that I finally admitted to myself that I could not hide my feelings anymore. Seeing you with Ethan pushed me over the edge." "So you wanted me only after you saw that another men wanted me? Really, Edward? I'm not some toy you can have just so no one else can have it! I can't even look at you right now. I have to go. Goodbye…" I leave Edward standing in his living and I walk into my apartment I packed a bag, I get my purse, my passport and my keys and I get a cab to the airport. I buy a first class ticket to Greece and I head to the first class lounge. I sit at the bar and I order a shot of Patron and a cranberry vodka. I down the shot and I nurse my drink as I call Rosalie. "Rose?" I say. "Bella? What's up?" She asks and I tell her everything that happened and I tell her my feelings for Edward, the feelings that I have been trying to stop from developing for the last 14 years. "Oh, honey, Alice and I have known that you were in love with Edward for years but you were so hell bent on denying your feelings and trying to date that Alice and I figured that if you went on some bad dates that maybe you would finally admit that you loved him and maybe to decide to go after Edward." Rose says. "Rose, I can't face him right now I'm too confused. I'm at the airport and I'm on my way to Greece for two weeks can you please cancel all my appointments for the time being and refer them to Dr. Stevenson. Just tell them that I have some personal matter I need to attend to and schedule them 2 weeks from now." I tell Rosalie. "Honey, are you sure? But it just seems like you're running away." "I know that I'm running away, Rose but I need to runaway and be by myself for a couple of weeks. I need time to think and sort it all out. And I can't sort it out if I'm around him." I say. "Okay honey, well I'll support anything you decide. Just be careful and call me everyday to let me know you are okay?" She asks. "I will Rose. Oh, can you not tell Edward where I am? Just tell him that I will be back in two weeks and if he wants to talk we can talk then." I tell her. "If that's what you want." Rose concedes. I ask her to go to my apartment and bring in my mail and water my plants. And we soon hang up. I keep drinking until its time to board. The entire way there I cannot stop thinking about what happened between Edward and I. After a while I decide to just try and get some sleep. When I wake up when the pilot announces that we are about to begin our decent into Athens, Greece. When I get out of the airport I hale a cab and ask it to take me to the hotel I had booked before boarding the plane. The hotel was located in Imeroviglion, Greece so I had a bit of a ride. Once I got to the hotel I checked in and I was taken into my room. I sit on the plush queen size bed and I finally let myself cry. I let myself feel everything I had been trying to trample down since I left Chicago. I finally cry myself out and I take a shower and I get into bed and I just sleep for I do not know how long. The days pass and I try to not spend the entire time locked in my room. I get up and I go for walks through the town. I interact with the people and just let myself relax. I think about Edward and I reflect on what happened. Everyday I talk to Rosalie and Alice; they do not mention Edward and I do not ask. They ask me about what I'm doing and encourage me to do some fun things so I go parasailing, I take tours of the ruins, I visit different towns, I eat amazing food, I go to the beach, I take a lot of photos. By the end of my trip I am feeling a thousand times better and I feel ready to face Edward. At one point of my trip I realized that I had just as much responsibility of how the things worked out with Edward and I. I spent a lot of time trying to decide whether I wanted to be with Edward and by my last day in Greece I decide that I loved him and if he was up to it we could work on whatever we were. I fly back and the entire way home I'm nervous about what's going to happen once I see Edward. I arrive at midnight to Chicago so I'm happy that I have that I have a couple hours before I see Edward and I can collect myself. I pay the cab and I make my way to my apartment. When I walk into my apartment I come face to face with a haggard looking Edward. So this is my first long story. What do you guys think? I know there are some mistakes in it but I would like to hear what you guys think. Please take it easy on me though. I am not a professional writer.