is. The groom called Mshai is a future painter and an undiscovered poet, whose biggest dream is to discover the source of the great river. It doesn't hurt his cause that he is also the son of the priest of Thoth, which makes it a little bit easier for Nebi to accept his daughters choice. He cares for her to much to force her into marrying somebody she doesn't love. However, he still hopes the boy will grow up and follow his family's tradition. The contract to establish the rights of both parties to maintenance and possession is signed and Didyme is devastated when she is told that she is too young to be a witness of it. After that, the young couple is free to spend the time with their siblings and friends, while Nebi and the boy's parents discuss the division of the goods in case Net and her husband decided to divorce as quickly as they decided to get married. "Are you absolutely sure you want to travel that far? If you go south from the country of Kush, you will not even be able to send us messages. Should anything go wrong, you will be completely on your own" Aro gives the young groom a stern look. "I have heard there is only desert out there." "There are rumors about a large lake and a jungle. It is also said there are mountains somewhere on the way. And I already thought how we can let you know we are alive and well. We will be able to contact you easily till we leave Kush. After that, we may use baskets to send you messages up the river, if there are no strong currents or waterfalls. If there are, we can use kites." Mshai smiles confidently. "We will be fine, Aro" Net is as eager to go as her newlywed husband. "Will you see lions?" Didyme asks with her mouth full of grapes. "We surely hope no to" the future traveler smiles at her. "Actually, my youngest sister asked you a very good question. You will be walking through the desert where the Nile is the only source of water. You have to be ready to face all kind of predators coming to drink." "Aro, please. We know what we are doing. We're not going to get killed. We will take twelve men with us. We can always go back, should things go wrong. Stop talking, eat and don't ruin my wedding," Net finishes their discussion with a really angry look. The celebration ends at dusk. It is time for Net to take all her possession and say goodbye to her family. Most of her things were already taken to her new home during the day, so she just visits the room she shared with Lotus to see if something wasn't left there. All of her clothes, cosmetics and jewelry are already gone. Some of her toys are still lying on the floor ,but she already decided to leave them for her sisters. She doubts she would ever want to play with them again herself and the medical examination she took months ago made it clear, that there is no need for her to collect toys for the future. It made her upset at that time, but now she is actually glad. She may not have married a future priest, but Mshai is exactly what she wanted and the life of a traveler is something she cannot wait for. She leaves her old room happy. "Goodbye sister" her brother kisses her cheek. "Goodbye. Please make sure Didyme and Kamilah won't kill each other to move to my former room," she smiles. "I will try to, but you know the girls." His mood somehow changes "Are you sure you don't want to stay a little bit longer in the Thoth temple? Or even here? No one is forcing you to go south this month." "I know ,but I already made up my mind. I want to go with Mshai. By the way, Aro, I believe his father would like to have a copy of our marriage contract as well. Could you make one and send it tomorrow?" "Of course. I will bring it to you myself. I want to see where you live, and, of course, I want to see the preparations for your journey." "Well, we will be waiting tomorrow than" They reach the other priest's family at that moment. Aro lets go of her hand and their farewell turns more formal at that point. A few minutes later, Net leaves the temple to start a new life. Aro starts working on the copy in the first rays of sun. The contact is short and very soon his work is done. It is an early morning in the temple; his sisters still asleep and his fathers helpers busy cleaning after the celebration. After his talk with Net yesterday, he decides to go to the temple of Thoth alone. It is not far, a less than one hour walk probably. The sun is shining, there are no animals other than birds near the river and he realizes his sister's journey may not be as suicidal as he think it will be. He never even notices the two creatures moving behind him with abnormal speed and grace. It takes days till his disappearance is noticed in the temple. People first assume he decided to spend some time in Net's new house and watch her preparation for the journey. However, after one of the servants from the temple of Thoth comes to get the wedding contract it is clear that he never got there. Nebi's people are send to look for him, but they find nothing. His family still hopes he may be in one of the towns not too far away, but after a month they give up the search. The desert and the river take many lives every year and people assume he is one of their victims.