am," he told me. "Plus, no service. Great." "Lemme check mine," I dropped my legs so fast I landed unflatteringly on the floor of the elevator and Edward had to steady me with his hands on my hips. "Sorry," I muttered. "I thought you'd sober up by now," Edward laughed, despite the situation. I tore through my tiny purse and grabbed my phone, praying to see bars of signal in the top left corner. "Damn it," I groaned. Nothing. Edward looked all around the elevator before pressing the large emergency button atop the rest of the numbered buttons, but nothing happened. Not even a sound. "What do we do?" I sighed, hating the idea of spending the night here. Especially alone with Edward Cullen. "It's not like we're being murdered," Edward gave me a smile. "We'll just wait it out." I think Edward's idea of 'waiting it out' was a couple of minutes long. Because once fifteen minutes past, he was growing impatient. "How long does it take that scrawny kid to call for help?" "He obviously doesn't know we're stuck in here," I tried to reason with him. My legs were growing tired and it would only be a matter of time before I'd be taking off my heels. "Fucking children," Edward muttered and I snorted. "Thanks," I said scornfully. "Not you," Edward rolled his eyes, starting his pacing back up again. "You act like you're so much older than us students." "I'm twenty-six, Bella." "And most are twenty-one and over in this dorm," I lied, steering the conversation away from my real age. I was fond of his night club with Rosalie; I didn't want anything ruining that. Yeah, Bella cause that's all you really care about… Edward then checked his phone for the billionth time and growled loudly like a lion, earning him a laugh on my behalf. "Something funny?" he hissed, clenching his jaw. It should have been scary but I just found it oh so sexy. "You sound like an animal," I laughed freely. "And don't take your anger out on me." "I'm meant to finish that fucker"- he stopped himself short. "I had to be somewhere by now." Oh, I almost forgot. "Your business?" I remembered and he just nodded. "I'm sorry. I guess your dick got in the way of your plans." "You want my dick?" Edward said harshly and I imagined him gripping his crotch like a 90's gangster in the music videos. "Not with that attitude," I said sternly, finally having enough of standing in heels. I plopped my ass onto the floor of the elevator and unstrapped my heels, not caring that Edward could see my full man feet. Edward stared down at me, looking torn as he scrubbed a hand over his stubbly jaw. "Fuck it." He came to sit next to me, both our backs pressed up against the mirrored part of the wall and resumed comfortable silence; me trying not to jump him again and Edward silently seething at the fact his 'business' had to be put on hold. "What are you studying here?" Edward asked me after another few minutes past. My eyes had been drooping close so his voice startled me a bit. "English," I answered, unsure of what else to say. "What will you do with that once you graduate?" I shrugged. "I could get into the public sector… Journalism seems to be the nicest route though." "Do you want to be a journalist? Or work in an office all day?" Edward pressed and I turned my head to look at him fully. "I love English," I said simply. "It's what I've always wanted to study and who knows, by the time I graduate there could be hundreds of jobs requiring my degree. I love writing and reading so why base my life off anything other than what I love?" "You act like you've so many years left until your graduation," Edward smiled and I froze up. "But I guess you're right. You're quite free in how you think." I shrugged, delighted in the change of conversation. "I live in the moment. I guess I sort of have to. Too many people die whilst worrying about dumb things; focusing on things that don't deserve the time to sort." "You speaking from experience?" Edward's eyebrows furrowed together. I dropped my head. "Touchy subject," I admitted. "I'm sorry," Edward's hand landed on my bare thigh but there was nothing sexual in the contact. He was just there for me. I sighed and rested my head against the back wall of the elevator, thinking to myself. "I'm sorry you're stuck in here with me." "Don't be," Edward assured me, giving my thigh a quick squeeze. "You didn't lead me into this, my dick did, as you already said." I giggled. "Right. And you didn't even get some ass," I pouted for his benefit. "I got more than enough," Edward smiled teasingly. "I got to spend the entire night locked in an elevator with you!" "A man's dream come true!" I feigned excitement and we both ended up giggling into each other's sides. After calming down, I yawned. "Fuck me, I'm tired." Edward nudged his shoulder against mine. "This shoulder isn't here for the fun of it. Go to sleep. I'll wake you up if anyone comes for us." I smiled shyly at him, unsure if he meant it or not but when he scooted closer so that he could wrap an arm around me to pull me against him, I knew he didn't mind me sleeping on him. "Thank you," I whispered, yawning again before nestling against his shoulder, my head basically in the crook of his neck. End notes: I hope you enjoyed. Next up will be Edward's POV. An insight into my Mobward's head. I'm also a fan of songs that relate to chapters- some fic authors do it and I wanted to join the hype- Thank you for reading! Chapter song: Justin Bieber- company