his grown-up daughter. We loaded my bags into the cruiser and I cranked up the heating as soon as Charlie started the engine. "Thought you'd be used the cold and rain after living in England." "I think it's actually colder and rainier here," I muttered, pulling my jacket tighter around me and settling back into the seat as we made our way out onto the familiar road back to Forks. After half an hour of comfortable silence, Charlie cleared his throat and said, "You seem happy Bella. When I saw you in England I mean. You smiled a lot and you just seemed happy." I shrugged and remembered a conversation I'd had with Dr Kopler a few months into my sessions. "You say you are not a happy person, Isabella," she always used my full name. "Why not?" I couldn't really think of a good answer for this. "I don't really know. I guess I've always been a bit pessimistic. A bit of a martyr." I hadn't been able to tell her about the vampires or werewolves – that would have got me thrown into an institution for sure. "Things have just been stressful." She'd given me some homework to do after that session – to write a list of the things I appreciated in my life. After hours of scratching things out and starting again I finally had a list of things I appreciated and was surprised to see that the list was mostly comprised of people. The first five were: Charlie Renee (These two had been interchangeable as the top two on my list as I couldn't decide which I appreciated more.) 3. Jacob 4. Angela Alice My stomach squirmed now as I remembered number 3 on my list. Jacob. Dr Kopler said I employed the avoidance strategy when it came to Jacob and I couldn't help but agree with her. That was one issue that I hadn't managed to work through with my therapist and she said it would just take time. We'd kept in touch when I first moved to the UK. He'd Skype from the local internet café when he could, and we'd make the occasional and very expensive long distance phone calls. But our conversations were either depressing when we talked about how much we missed each other, or light and awkward when we tried to avoid the subject. In the end, we stopped phoning, and soon the emails became less frequent until I woke up one day and realised that it had been a year since we'd been in touch. Charlie often kept me in the loop about the Blacks and what they'd been up to, but as I'd stopped asking, he'd stopped telling me, and now I wasn't even sure where Jacob was living or what he was doing. In many ways, I'd wanted to get away from the magic of it all as well. I didn't want anything to do with vampires or werewolves anymore. I wanted normalcy. And so I'd slowly cut Jacob out, trying to ignore the twisting guilt in my stomach whenever I remembered him. Angela and I still wrote weekly emails to each other, and I was delighted to hear about her life. Amazingly, she and Ben had stuck together through the first few years at university and he had proposed midway through their 3rd year while on Christmas break. Although she'd asked me to come out for the wedding, I couldn't afford the trip, but had looked through her photos on Facebook. She'd been a stunning bride and only last week had told me they were now expecting their first child. I couldn't have been happier for her. I kept in touch with Alice sporadically, enjoying hearing about her adventures with Jasper and the places they went to. She came and visited me in London quite a few times, although none of my housemates had particularly warmed to her. She often passed on Edward's regards, which I politely returned, although I hadn't been in touch with him directly. As we pulled up to the house, I smiled at the familiarity of it all. Nothing had changed. The yellow window shutters still shone dully through the sheets of rain. The railing up the front steps was still broken in that same spot. "Haven't turned my bedroom into a gym yet?" I teased Charlie as he hurried through the rain with my bag and up to the front porch. He merely snorted and felt above the doorframe for the spare key before opening the door and letting us inside. Charlie carried my bag upstairs for me, then stood awkwardly in my doorway as I looked around my all-too familiar bedroom. Nothing had changed. "You settle in, I'll make you a cup of tea. Want anything to eat?" I just shook my head wanting nothing at the moment but a shower. Over dinner that night, Charlie and I sat down with the real estate section of the newspaper, circling a bunch of rental properties in Seattle within my price range. The next few days were going to be busy viewing and applying for these different places and the thought was daunting. I wanted to live alone – never having done so before. I'd gone from living on campus to sharing a house with 5 others in London and I was ready for my own space. I had my heart set on one place, directly opposite the park and near the water. Charlie and I made an appointment go and see that one first thing in the morning. We looked at the car section too, seeing as my old truck had given up for good the year after I left home. I circled a small yellow 3-door Hyundai Getz, which was only a few years old, and a very good price. We'd go and have a look at that tomorrow as well. Please review and let me know your thoughts! I promise she will catch up with Jacob soon :)