said nothing before, always good praise about the Cullen's. Mrs Cope assessed the situation while tapping quietly on her computer, I waited patiently. "I'm sorry Edward but there are no spaces available at the moment." The office door opened, I didn't turn to see who it was and the person didn't bother me with their thoughts so I continued with the discussion. "There must be something more open, an art class? Chemistry? French?" "I'm sorry but every class is full at the moment." Surely there must be something more going on than… "Could I maybe use the hour then for self study?" But at that moment the door opened again, sending a blast of air towards me. I didn't move. In my peripheral sight, Emma Smith merely dropped a note into a mesh basket and left. I now understood why the first person had not interrupted me with her thoughts. That scent, the scent that I was agonizing over filled the small room. I turned slowly to once again glare at Isabella Swan. She had her back pressed to the wall and her hair gathered around her face. The monster reared its ugly head for the second time today. I would not need to turn around in order to smash the receptionists face down hard enough to end her life. Fighting against the demon, it took every ounce of restrain in me to turn back around. Mrs Cope's eyes widened, shocked at my sudden change in expression. Oh my… Knowing that I had little time to get my words out I quickly said: "Never mind then, I can see its impossible. Thank you so much for your help." I held my breathe and every muscle in my body as I walked swiftly towards and out of the door without another glance at Bella Swan. I was abruptly furious once more. Even in my attempt to avoid the one hour I had with her, she had been there. Taunting me with her intoxicating scent. She was my own personal devil sent straight from hell. My family waited for me by the car, I had it open and we were in and away, turning the corner onto the main road before everything crashed down on me. "You're leaving." Alice quietly stated. Is that what she saw? "Am I?" I hissed. Her vision flashed in my mind, a forest, trees rushing by. An image of me running. It was crystal clear. It was the only way to escape from her. Rosalie just glared at me from the back seat. Emmett looked dumbfounded. I was seething with anger. At myself. At her . At this stupid little town. "Either that or…" She showed me stalking the girl in the house as I had intentionally planned. Her broken body lying on the floor at an odd angle. "No!" I shook my head trying to clear it of the images I didn't want to see. The calming waves Jasper sent my way did nothing for me. "What is going on!?" Emmett looked between me and Alice for an answer. We ignored him. You should at least inform Carlisle, he has a right to know where his son is. I carried on driving, towards the entrance of our hideaway, contemplating my decision. Leave the car here Edward, go to Carlisle. I'll inform the others. I looked down at my sister. Leaving would be the correct thing to do, to go away and regain control of myself. How long would I be gone? A day? A week? A year? Nodding once, I stomped on the brakes, halting the car. I'll miss you Edward . Alice thought. Yes, I would also miss my pixie like sister. Leaving the engine running and door wide open, I ran. My shoes barely touched the ground of the forest, the wind whipped through my hair. The rain was now picking up, dropping from the tree branch to tree branch more quickly. Trees passed inches from me. To human eyes it would be a green blur. But I could see every raindrop as it fell, each leaf swaying in the wind. Reaching the outskirts of the hospital I slowed down to a walk. Like most buildings around it, the hospital was made from brick. Checking no one was around, I stepped out of the woods, walking past the side of the building, rounding the corner and heading for the main entrance. Inside, my shoes squeaked against the lino and my coat dripped water on the floor where I walked. I paid no attention to it. I walked at a fairly fast pace for a human, too angry to stay true to the role, down hallways, round corners until I finally reached Carlisle's office. At my entrance, Carlisle stood up in alarm at seeing me here. "Edward what's wrong?" he inquired walking round his desk. "I have to get out of here Carlisle." What has happened? You didn't attack someone did you? "No. No but I will if I remain here. Her blood its…" In my anger I was shaking, my hands clenched by my sides. I could feel the pull to run, not away from but to that house where I knew I would I would find her. Of course, your eyes I should of guessed, excuse my thoughts. Her? Who Edward? "Isabella Swan." "Of course, the towns new arrival, what do you need?" "I have to leave, before I do something stupid. Please Carlisle, help me." I could barely get my words out, desperate for escape. "Do what you have to do Edward. Here, take my car its faster than running." Be safe son. Come home when you can… With a nod of my head in thanks, I swiftly turned around and made my way back through the hospital to the main entrance. The car was easy to find in the small parking bay. And soon I had my foot on the gas and was speeding away from forks, away from my home.