hair curled softly around her face and down her neck, and her eyes were every bit as expressive as they had ever been. Moments later she caught her bearings and stepped out of the Jeep, I, of course, opening the door for her like I had been trained to my entire life. "Thanks, Jasper." Bella smiled at me and then stared down at the concrete, a little confused, I could pick up on that. Confusion, embarrassment, insignificance, and a startling lack of self-worth. "You're welcome, Bella. I'm glad you're here. This has put all of us into an awkward situation, I'm sure you can agree, and I'd really like to talk with you about all of this. Cope together if you will." She met my eyes with a shy yet sincere smile. "I'd like that. I have a few questions myself. I thought you might be the only one with the answers for me." I doubted that. I hadn't any answers for myself. "You can most certainly ask. Why don't we go up to my study? You can make yourself comfortable and ask all the questions you'd like." I didn't have to invite her in. She would always be welcome, but she didn't know that. "I'd like that." I escorted her up the stairs and into my study, and she decided to take a seat on the overstuffed leather sofa. It was the one piece of furniture that Alice bought that I actually liked. She said she bought it because it reminded her of my scent, and she knew it belonged with me. I'd been told that my scent was a mix of leather and cotton. I could only hope that my real mate would like it as much as Alice had. I sat on the other end of the sofa from Bella and turned toward her. "Ask me anything, Bella. I have nothing to hide from you." BPOV I hadn't thought that far ahead, and sitting in Jasper's office, I could only think of a few things to ask. "I know that you have known Edward and Alice a great deal longer than I have. I always knew he would leave eventually, I mean, look at me. I don't look like a girl that Edward would be matched with. I'm too plain and, well, human. I figured a time would come when he would tire of me and move on to the next willing girl, I just never assumed it would be Alice. "Were there any indications in their past that this might one day happen? Were there things going on that I just didn't see? I have a hard time believing that this vision came spur of the moment out of nowhere. I just don't understand, and I thought you might have better insight." As I was speaking, Jasper appeared to grow more and more agitated. I didn't understand his behavior, but as the southern gentleman he was raised to be, he allowed me to finish speaking. "Bella, the more I hear you speak about yourself like that, the more I'd like to hunt Edward down and give him a lesson in how to treat a lady. You are a beautiful young woman. I've been watching you, and I know that you are loving, kind, loyal, protective, fiery person with enough heart to save a man drowning in his own disgrace with just a look and a kind word. You are a very special lady, and you need to understand that Edward and Alice leaving had very little to do with you." I chuckled, not believing his kind reassurances. I knew that if I was all of these things that Edward would still be here with me. "Bella, I can feel what you feel. I'm right, I promise. Everything I said was true. I tried my best to be everything for Alice. Are you going to tell me that I'm too plain, or that I wasn't interesting enough to keep her attention? We were not the ones that did anything wrong, Bella. Are you asking me to reevaluate all of our years of marriage to find something I did wrong to send her into Edward's arms? Are you asking me to comb myself from head to toe, capitalizing on my own insecurities to justify the loss of my partner?" I hadn't thought of it that way. Of course, Jasper couldn't be blamed for Alice's indiscretions. I wondered if it was possible that I wasn't responsible for driving Edward away. Jasper's speech was certainly encouraging, and I would file everything he said away so that I could think about it more at a later time. "You might be right, Jasper, I'll need to think it over. You're not responsible for Alice leaving, but you're perfect. I'm just a human. A silly little love sick girl." Jasper huffed. "I'll find plenty of time to knock some sense into your pretty little head later. Right now, I'd like to address your other questions. Sure, the way that Alice and Edward connected through their gifts, there was a lot of speculation in the family that something was brewing. I would have expected myself to be the jealous type, but it never bothered me. I gave Alice plenty of opportunities to pursue Edward if that was what she wanted. She told me every time that she held no romantic interest in him, and I was inclined to believe her. It makes no sense to me that she would suddenly decide that he was what she wanted." That didn't make any sense to me either. If given the option, why would she turn down being with Edward if that was what she really wanted? "I'm truly very sorry, Jasper, for both of us." He smiled a slow, sad smile. "Its okay, Bella. They didn't deserve us anyway. I have a feeling that we'll both move on to bigger and better things. We'll find our true happiness. Just give it time." Somehow, I believed him.