That was his own damn fault, but he received far less shit for it. Emily was sitting alone out on the porch when I arrived. I knew she'd been waiting for me from the way her eyes lit up when she saw me. I worked on deepening my frown so she'd know how unhappy I was about this. Sam was nowhere in sight, and I wondered if that was a coincidence or because Emily had wanted to get me alone. I had timed myself to arrive right on time perfectly, but if Emily wanted something, Sam would give it to her no matter what the patrol schedule said. By the time I reached the porch and Emily's smiling face, I had decided I wasn't going to show the slightest bit of patience. "I have to patrol. I don't have time to talk to you." I could tell it was a struggle for her to keep her smile on her face. It wasn't as bright as before. But what had she been expecting? Today of all days wasn't going to be the one where I gave in and treated her like I had in the past. If that time was ever coming, it was a long way off. "Right," she gave in easily. "Sam will be out in a minute." Sam walked out the front door as soon as the words left her mouth, proving he'd only been waiting for Emily to give him a sign. I rolled my eyes at their obviousness and made a noise of derision that Emily, at least, had the decency to look sheepish at. I turned to head towards the forest, not wanting to see their goodbyes. It was sure to be cheesy and disgusting even if they were conscious of my presence. I could hear their whispers easily, and I stomped my feet harder as I walked in a desperate attempt to block it out, even going so far as to recite a song in my head. I didn't wait for Sam to phase. I knew the area that needed to be patrolled, and if we ended up overlapping, so what? I would take unnecessary patrolling to any extra time with Sam. Even though we couldn't get inside each other's heads, I was close enough to hear him phase. He went in the opposite direction of where I was heading, and I knew exactly which areas he would take. I would cover the rest and go home without the check-in that should have been mandatory afterwards. It's not like anyone would punish me, and Sam no longer had the power of the alpha command over me. I could treat this as nothing more than a peaceful patrol alone with my own thoughts. I didn't go directly home after my patrol, choosing to wander around in the forest on a winding path that would eventually lead me to home. By the time I got there, school had been let out for the day, and Seth was perched in front of the TV. His books were open in an attempt at homework, but he had pushed them to the side and was flipping through channels instead. "You need to ease up on the pouting. Mom's worried." I nudged him over so I could take a seat on the couch too. Seth sighed as he landed on some paranormal show where a girl fell in love with a vampire. I couldn't help but let out snort of amusement. "I'm not pouting," Seth protested while pouting. "Whatever." I didn't want to get into an argument about this anymore than he did. "All I'm saying is that Mom is worried about how different you've been lately." Seth chewed on his bottom lip before answering. "Maybe I'm just growing up." "Being confused and upset over everything isn't being an adult, Seth. It's being a teenager." "Says Leah Clearwater." He was smiling a bit, so I refrained from my usual glares or light punches. "I don't think I'm an adult either. Twenty or not. I still feel like a teenager. Right down to feeling trapped." "In La Push?" He didn't wait for my nod before continuing. "It's not the rez that's the problem for me." I was aware of that, although I had tried not to let that on to Seth. I wasn't sure how aware he was of the things he'd let slip in his head recently. "I just don't know who I am anymore. Like, how I'm supposed to act." "Also a completely normal teenage thing," I assured him. No one could ever accuse me of being a terrible sister. I came through when it mattered. "Yeah, but probably not like this." "You mean the wolf thing or something else?" "I didn't mean the wolf thing, but now I feel like that should be included too. You know, I realized I have no friends my age. I didn't talk to anyone in class today." "You ate lunch with the guys though, right?" One good thing about the tribal school being so small was that the entire high school ate lunch together. There was no worrying about who would and who wouldn't be in your lunch period. "Yeah, but that's not the point." "Then what is?" "It kind of feels like no one's going through what I am. No one I can talk to at least. Besides, what could I really talk to the guys about and not have them laugh at me for?" I leaned my head back onto the back of couch. "I don't think they'd laugh at you if it were something serious. Well, Jared would, but I think you'd be okay with everyone else." "I guess." We both knew he wouldn't talk to anyone about what was bothering him, not even me. With most other things I would have pushed him, but this time I could feel that he still needed to figure it out for himself before he would be comfortable saying it out loud.