have kids of their own. Someone always needed a babysitter. Athena wandered over to us, giving me the stink eye even though I was clueless as to the reason for it. "They need you in the back with Quil," she informed me, immediately turning on her heel to head back from where she'd come from. Her crossed arms continued to show how offended she felt over being relegated to the role of messenger. "See you later," I told Rachel, offering her one last smile as I followed my daughter. We encountered Quil standing on the other side of the door from Claire. Jake and Embry stood with him and were watching him with cautious expressions, as if they weren't sure what he was going to do next. Quil was biting at the skin around his nails, making them bleed, and he looked up at us with a panicked look in his eyes as we approached. "They won't let me in," he said to me. Athena rolled her eyes, having witnessed enough of his dramatics since we'd arrived. "Claire said I was making her too nervous," Quil continued, oblivious to how little any of the people he was ranting to cared. "Sasha said it might be better if I wait outside. How the hell am I supposed to stand here without losing my mind?" "Well, it doesn't sound like you were doing a great job of keeping it in there anyway," I pointed out, earning myself a glare. The glare quickly disappeared, with Quil whimpering like a wounded dog as Athena pushed past him to open the door to the room Claire occupied. She took a few steps forward as if she were going to go inside, but she lingered instead. For the few seconds that the door was open, I took in what was happening inside. The room's lack of space was emphasized by the sheer number of people packed inside it. Claire sat in a chair near the center of the commotion, surrounded by both parents, one grandmother, Emily, and my mom. They each glanced over, quite a number of them giving Quil warning looks when they saw him. Embry tugged Athena back from the door, giving her a disapproving look, and the door swung shut again, cutting off our view. Athena had obeyed Embry's silent order easily enough, but her smirk showed how pleased she was with herself. Some of the other guys were standing in close enough proximity to have seen what had transpired, and several laughs could be heard at Quil's expense. None of them seemed to phase him as he was too focused on his own struggle. "Leah," Quil began, looking at me with pleading eyes, "they'll let you in." I shrugged. "So what? That's not going to do you any good." Suddenly, Quil look conflicted, like he hadn't thought that far in the future and I'd shattered his plans. He recovered quickly, still pleading with me. "You can make sure everything's okay," he said. "Let me know if anything happens." "There are enough people back there already doing that, Quil. Emily or Mom or someone would let you know if they needed you." While Quil remained silent, he frowned at me in what I knew was disapproval. If I hadn't known that his mood would lighten considerably once the ceremony was underway, I might have been preparing myself to be on his bad side for a long time. And Quil didn't really have a bad side. He had a slightly grumpy side. With a slight laugh, Embry reached out to take my hand. "Come on," he urged. "We don't have much time before it starts. We should go find our seats." Athena trailed behind us as we went to find seats on Claire's side of the aisle. Once again, I found myself settling in beside Rachel, who had been rejoined by Paul. The kids were no longer hovering. Mason sat between his fathers, Mallory on Seth's lap, several rows in front of us, and I assumed that Franklin was off somewhere with other members of the family. There had been a rush for the chairs as the time of the ceremony approached. All around us, our family members filled the available seats, only Claire's closest family remaining behind. Jake and Nessie slid into our row on Embry's other side, Nessie leaning over to send a bright smile down the row. She was beaming, showing how excited she was for the wedding of her closest childhood friend. Simone slid into the seat beside Nessie, eager to receive attention from the adult she most admired, and Nessie turned towards her instead. I looked down at Athena, who was settled between Embry and me. Her eyes were wide as she looked around. It had taken a while, but it seemed like the magic of the day had penetrated her mind. She no longer looked like the skeptical teenager from earlier. Embry caught my eye, offering a smile as his eyes glanced down at our daughter too. I knew he was thinking the same thing I was. We often did that these days. After more than a decade together, we'd developed the ability to scare Athena by sharing our thoughts. We joked about it with her, but I had yet to reveal to our daughter how precious that ability was to me. I'd never thought we'd be together long enough to achieve such a thing, and now I knew that it would only become stronger in time. Reaching out, I put an arm around Athena's shoulders, tucking her into my side. She came willingly, not bothering with the sarcastic eye rolls she was fond of these days. My hand brushed Embry, and I could see him grin from the contact, causing the corners of my own mouth to tilt upwards. I could only hope that Claire and Eva would be as happy as we were. If they were, I'd say that they were getting a pretty great deal.