was tempted to read about robot rebellions. Resisting the temptation, I kept wandering until I was out of the bowels of the library. It was complete coincidence that I stumbled upon the billboard with various flyers on it. In the months I'd been attending, I'd never stopped to look at one of these. I'd always operated under the assumption there wouldn't be anything of interest on it. Sure enough, my eyes glazed over most of the flyers, which were advertising for new club members. I couldn't deny that joining a club might be a good move though. It was a way to gain access to potential friends, but only if I could find one that wasn't too... club-y. Out of all of them, two caught my eye. One was the gay-straight alliance, but part of me felt wrong for considering joining. I wouldn't be outing Seth by doing it, but my joining might send stronger hints to the guys back home if they got wind of it. Better safe than sorry on that one. The only other one that sounded like I could relate to it was the diversity club, which was an actual thing. I supposed I qualified given that I wasn't white, although I had no idea what was expected of members. All I knew was that they focused on diversity on campus through "activities." The whole thing sounded like it could be cheesy as fuck. International Club sounded interesting, but the longer I looked, the less confident I was that it was the right way to go. It could be a way of making friends, but I had a picture in my mind of a certain type of person that attended clubs. I wasn't sure if it was for me. Pushing that worry aside for now, I pulled a notebook and pen out of my bag to scribble down a few of the meetings. I could make a decision about them later. At least I'd have the information then. January 16th, 2008 By the time my classes ended on Wednesday, I had realized another reason why clubs may not be for me: They all took place in the evening, long after classes had ended. It wasn't ideal for someone who lived far away and didn't relish the idea of staying on campus when they didn't need to. I did stay though. I'd promised myself I'd attend one club meeting. International Club happened the earliest, cementing my decision of which to choose. If I'd had later classes, I wouldn't have had to wait at all. But I finished up at noon on Wednesdays. Attending also meant discovering the International Services' little corner of the campus. It had never been something I'd needed before, but luckily, my knowledge of campus had improved enough that I found it easily. If I'd ever felt out of place when entering a class for the first time, that was magnified tenfold now. I couldn't help wondering how many of these people had been in the club before and already knew each other. I was hoping to make friends, but what if I'd walked straight into a clique that would reject me? I signed the paper like they asked and took a seat on the fringes of those who had already arrived. Most of them seemed to know each other, although I could pinpoint a few people who seemed to be new like me. Throughout the meeting, I couldn't shake a feeling of not belonging even though no one said or did anything to trigger it. The meeting was nothing more than discussing what would be happening the rest of the semester. The ideas ranged from movie nights to food nights to other sorts of nights and a cultural fair the school held. It didn't sound bad. Most of what they were discussing could be fun if I started to make friends with some of the others. When the meeting ended, more than half of the members lingered to talk among themselves. I dwelled for a second, not wanting to look strange by leaving quickly. This was the friend making opportunity I'd been looking for, but I didn't know what I would say to anyone. Just as I was about to call it a day and walk out, a kind-looking girl approached me, large smile and all. She was one of those people who appeared to always be cheery, a lot like Seth had been back when his life had been simpler. Something about her had me drawn to her before she'd said hello. "Are you leaving?" she asked, motioning towards the door with her head. For a split second, I thought she was trying to get rid of me. Then I realized she was carrying her bag and leaving too. I nodded and walked out the door of the room with her by my side. It was strange how something like that would happen. Fate was making it harder and harder for me not to have faith in it, it seemed. "I'm Joselyn Desrosiers," she said, holding out her hand even as we walked. I shook it, hoping, not for the first time, she wouldn't pay attention to how hot my hands were. "Leah Clearwater." She nodded, still smiling. I wasn't sure what I was supposed to say, also not new since so much of my life became a secret. I'd never considered myself a shy person, but becoming a wolf had ruined my social skills. "What year are you?" Joselyn asked. I took the out. Somehow, the conversation kept flowing. By the time we'd reached the lot where Joselyn was parked, I wasn't struggling over what to say. Something about us had clicked in the best possible way. Not even having to lie about where my car was could bother me. I felt good about this. Better than I had about Lucas. Something told me Joselyn was going to be important in my life. Hopefully, this time fate wasn't letting me down.