sure that worry was at least as much of a cause. "She ate all of it," I said as I entered the kitchen, holding up Rachel's empty plate as proof. Rachel had been eating fine if the food was presented to her, but Emily worried incessantly because Rachel didn't notice her hunger if left to her own devices. Emily had taken it upon herself to ensure that Rachel was monitored at each meal. "Carlisle will be here in a few minutes," Emily reminded me as I dropped the plate into the sink. "I'm surprised she managed to eat. She always gets so worried when Carlisle comes over, even though it's mostly been good news so far." Sure enough, Carlisle arrived soon after, greeting Emily and me in a way that showed how routine his visits had become. "You're going to be fine," Carlisle reassured Paul after examining him. Rachel sagged in relief against the bed. "Both your bones and your lung have healed, but don't get too eager to get out of bed. I recommend taking it slow. In a human, it would take a couple of months before the lung was back to its full strength. You'll be up before then, but don't be surprised if you feel more out of breath than normal. Try not to overwork yourself and stress your lung too much before it's able to handle it." Paul nodded, not arguing, but there was annoyance in his eyes at the thought of having to rest even more than the couple of days he'd already spent in bed. Carlisle offered us one last smile before heading towards the door, Emily following after him, thanking him profusely. I lingered by the door, watching as Rachel embraced Paul, careful of his injury. The entire time Carlisle had been telling Paul that he would be fine, Paul hadn't smiled, but he did as Rachel's arms wrapped around them. The moment felt too personal, so I wandered down the hall in search of Athena. I felt a strong need to hold her for a moment. December 15th, 2011 In the month after the battle, things got easier. Never before had I felt like I had so much free time since training was no longer a thing, and I was saying that despite the fact that I still had a four-month-old to care for. Everything felt slower. I could savor life in a way I hadn't been able to in so long. At first, that had been nice. I'd basked in the glory of being able to come home and not go to training or not sit around worrying. I read several books for the first time in ages. I binged watched a TV show, something I had never done in my life. Eventually, though, as the weeks passed, I began to grow restless. I had become used to my mind working in overdrive at all times, even if I wasn't physically active. I'd constantly been thinking about the future and worrying. My mind now felt blank in comparison. "I feel like I need to do something," I mused to Embry one evening. He was playing with Athena on the floor while I laid on the couch, staring at the ceiling. "What did I used to do all the time?" I'd genuinely forgotten. "I don't know," Embry said. He sat up to look at me better, and Athena's attention switched to one of her toys as she realized her father was otherwise occupied. "But I do know what we could start doing with our time now." I frowned in confusion. He had a pleased smile on his face as he reached out to take one of my hands. "What's that?" I asked. I felt him begin to play with the engagement ring that rested on my ring finger. "We could begin planning our wedding," he said. "Athena's here. The Volturi are no longer a threat. You said yourself that you'd like something to do. A wedding more than fits the bill." I smirked. I hadn't forgotten about our engagement. How could I when I often found myself staring at the ring in amazement? I hadn't put much thought into actually planning it. In the immediate aftermath, I'd been too focused on relishing that we were safe. "When I said that I wanted to occupy myself, I was thinking something that would be relaxing, not something that would raise my stress levels again," I joked. Embry's smile grew. "We can take it slow," he said. "I'm not saying we have to plan a wedding for the next few months or even for next year. All I'm saying is that we could start thinking about it, in an entirely non-stressful way, so that when we were more prepared for the stressful parts, we have some ideas already." "What are you even saying?" I asked. I lifted myself up on one of my arms, so Embry's face was less than a breathe away from mine. Embry shrugged. "Just trying to convince you." I leaned in to kiss him, letting myself get lost in it for a moment. We were both smiling as we pulled away. "We'll see how it goes, but I think I could suffer through some wedding planning. Maybe." Embry smirked before pulling me back in for another kiss. A/N: ere's the thing: I consider myself terrible at writing scenes that are even remotely close to action scenes. That's a huge reason why I ended this series the way I did. I wanted to challenge myself, and to be fair, I'm proud of some of the progress I've made when it comes to writing those sorts of scenes. Still, I don't think I'm that great at it, so I apologize if those parts were horrible to read. Hopefully I'll continue to improve. I hope you enjoyed the story nonetheless, and I look forward to hearing what you thought. Please look out for the one-shot epilogue when I get around to posting it!