cafeteria in La Push, but the school was divided up into four lunch periods that corresponded with grade. Seth was the oldest of the wolves in their lunch group. For a while, he had pouted about it, feeling like he fit in more with the older guys. He had, after all, phased closer to them, and at first, he had remained the lone wolf in his particular lunch period, not able to experience the camaraderie the other guys experienced each day. Now he sat with the wolves younger than him. One time, Quil had joked about Seth being his own ringleader because of his position as the oldest at their lunch table, but Seth couldn't rally the others around him like a real leader would have. He didn't boss them around or offer them advice that came from his extra years on earth. At first, he had even ignored the youngest ones, still bitter about being stuck with them instead of the older—and therefore cooler in his mind—wolves. These days, he had moved on from that, accepting that this was reality. Next year he'd be with the others anyway. Before today, that had excited him. Now he realized that meant he wouldn't have lunch with Al. Al, who despite sitting at the same table as Seth every day, didn't talk to Seth much. It was the first time Seth had bothered to pay attention to that. They wound up sitting across from each other that day. That wasn't abnormal. Seth had sat beside all the guys at some point or another, although he usually made an effort to sit beside Collin, Brady, or Ethan. They were closest to him in age and had phased before the others, allowing Seth more time to get to know them before the massive spawning of wolves. At times, though, Seth got bitter, feeling every bit a fourth wheel as the three lifelong best friends threw out inside jokes Seth wasn't in on. On those days, he put more effort into getting to know the others. He'd talked to Al plenty. It wasn't that they didn't know each other. It was just that now Seth realized they only knew each other in shallow way. He didn't know how that was possible when they sometimes shared their thoughts, but it was reality. He knew Al, but he didn't really know Al. That was true of everyone at the table when he stopped to think of it. Seth had cherished being a wolf from the beginning because it had felt like getting a whole group of brothers, so this realization was shocking in the worst possible way. Right now, though, Seth's goal wasn't to get close with the others; it was to become close with Al. Suddenly, Seth wanted to know everything about the other boy. He'd never known anyone else who felt like he felt. Not outside TV or the anonymity of the Internet. It was new and thrilling and a little scary. Even scarier was the thought of the others realizing that Seth had a new interest in Al. He couldn't have them wondering why and figuring it out. So he tried not to show his interest in Al at the beginning of their lunch period. Instead, he ate quietly, not uncommon whenever he was feeling left out of the conversations at the table. Today, that didn't bother him as he listened in to Al and Nick as they spoke. He'd never been so desperate to eavesdrop on a conversation that could have been pointless. "I have to write the entire paper tonight. Is that not stupid?" Nick asked Al. "I can't believe she'd assign us so much and make it due so soon." "Haven't you had an entire three weeks to do it?" Al asked. Nick scoffed in response. "Like I've had time for that between patrol and everything else." Seth doubted it was patrol that had prevented Nick from writing his paper. The amount of patrolling they did tended to decrease the younger they were. The older guys took the brunt of the work with Sam and Leah, the only two not in school, doing far more than the rest of them. It had been different in the lead up to the Volturi coming, but these days, being a wolf wasn't as much of a time suck as it had been back when Seth had first phased. Nick hadn't even been there for the battle with the newborns like Seth had. Maybe that was why it irked Seth to hear him using patrolling as his excuse to complain. "Whatever, dude," Al said. Seth already knew them each well enough to know that Nick was a complainer, and Al had a tendency to not take anything Nick said seriously. Seth had been watching Al for a second too long when Al's eyes glanced towards him too. They held each other's gaze for a moment before they both looked down at their trays. No one else had seen the look. Seth knew they hadn't, but his heart still raced. It was stupid. Like one glance put a neon sign over Seth's head declaring his gayness. He was tempted to glance up and make sure the sign wasn't there, but he kept his eyes on his tray as he scooped up a bite of mashed potatoes that they'd been given without any gravy. Beside him, Collin was going on about some hot girl in his English class, taking great pains to describe to Brady and Ethan everything about her appearance that made her attractive. Seth focused on his food, so he wouldn't be drawn into the conversation. Navigating talk about girls was like navigating across a field littered with landmines. Nick didn't stop his complaining for the rest of lunch. He went on about homework and teachers, but he was also angry at his parents. Despite how annoying it felt by the end of the period, Al listened the entire time while casting Seth occasional glances.