surrounded by all this green, his eyes were brighter than they had ever been before. "Your skin. You glow, girl, just like the moon. Pale and white in the middle of all that black." He ran his sunbaked fingers lightly over her breast, her skin prickling as he pulled her into his lap, hot and hard between her thighs, his breath warm and his lips burning trails across her skin. He licked her neck, her ears, the curves of her collar bones, kissed her lips and her eyelids and her cheeks with gentle precision even as his hands ran reckless beneath the water. She could feel his callouses shifting over her hips, up her spine, down her thighs, and she held tight to his shoulders, eyes closed tight as his hips rocked up into hers. Suddenly, despite the cool water, despite the shade, Bella was raging hot as the burning ball of the sun. "Edward," she murmured, his face pulling from her neck, eyes sleepy and solemn. She took his face between her hands and kissed him hard, kissed him all her own, pushing her tongue into his mouth and moaning when he met her with his. He pushed her up, out of his lap, and when he pulled her back down, slipping inside of her slow and soft, she shook from head to toe. Clenched up around him tight and hard enough to make him gasp. "Ah, girl," he exhaled against her neck, hands moving to her breasts. "Let go. Let me in." Bella threw her head back, eyes struggling to focus on the spots of light flashing through the leaves above her as she let his mouth work her over. Let his hands knead her gentle. Let his breath trace patterns into her skin and his fingers spin circles into her thighs. Soon she felt her muscles loosen, her insides open, her bones soften as he slid in. Her hips met his as a giant rush of air left her lungs. "That's the place, right there," Edward sighed. "That's the place I've been dreaming about being for days now. You are so damn sweet." He rocked his hips smooth against hers and hit a spot so deep inside of her that it blinded Bella. Set off a flash behind her eyes. Set off a fire in her belly and a burning beneath her skin that just grew and grew and grew with every rock of him beneath her until she was a big, empty, open landscape being ravaged by his licking, running wildfire. She was the dried up, desolate stream bed, and he was the flash flood. She was the desert, and he was the first drop of rain. Washing away all the dirt. Bella felt Edward stiffen, go still and hard as he bit her shoulder and groaned her name, a final push from him that sent her freefalling over the edge of something tall and bottomless. Her skin went prickly, and her hair stood on end, and that spark in her belly exploded like a firecracker. Edward said the same bad word he had when the pump finally ran dry, except this time it sounded more like a prayer than a curse. They lay in the grass for a long while afterward, letting their clothes dry, kissing every inch of each other, eating the buffalo berries and the watercress, naked in the shade. "You're thinking real hard." Bella smoothed a finger over the wrinkles that spanned Edward's forehead, pushed her thumb against the furrows between his eyebrows, those green eyes of his staring up at her from the grass. "Plannin' how I convince you to leave with me." "Leave to where? I can't." Her panic was immediate. Full of fear and force. Leaving the house, the tree, the headstones... The thought of it made her want to jump up and run away, back to her slumped house, back to her shabby life and her limp bed, even if it meant dying there. "We gotta go. Ain't no living to be done here, anymore. It's just surviving, and that ain't no way to exist." Edward rubbed her shoulder, tightening his arm around her as though he knew she wanted to bolt. "I've been doing alright," Bella muttered, her heart sinking. Leaving was giving in, after so long and so hard and so much death and destruction… leaving meant that none of it would matter. none of the struggle counted for anything. "You have. But I ain't leaving you here. I ain't stayin', either." "Where would we even go?" California was probably overrun with people just like them, hordes escaping the desolation of Middle America. They were sleeping on the roadways and putting up tent cities outside the orchards, begging for work and food and water. "Back to Chicago. At least there we got bread lines, and I can probably find a factory job. Enough to eat off of, till this whole mess blows over." "And what if it don't ever blow over?" "It will. Every storm does." Edward pushed her hair away from her face, his eyes deep and green and serious. "I gotta get you out of this dust bowl, baby. Take you somewhere we don't have to worry or struggle or starve. This ain't no place for you or me." "I don't know what to say." Bella was shaking her head even as he pulled her close, his words just a whisper across her skin, a promise, an invitation, an escape that slipped between his lips as he closed them over hers. "Say yes." AN: HADLEY! OMG, in case I haven't said it enough - Hadley Hemingway is the SHIT, y'all. Without her (her time, her research, her love) these words would have never seen the light of day. Thank you, darling, from the deepest part of my heart. You are incomparable. This story won 3 Judge's Picks and 1st Place Public Vote in the Age of Edward Contest, 2015. I am stunned. XO HBM