interaction he was having with the children. I met Edward's eyes and wished that for once I had the ability to know his thoughts. His look was indiscernible but I could get lost in it for days. A car horn sounded somewhere and I shook off my random thoughts, wondering what it was about this man that had me so scatterbrained. Clearing my throat, I reached for the camera and he offered it willingly. "Okay, Flash, your turn." I scrolled through the pictures until I found one of a woman with her nose scrunched up and a look of disgust on her face. The vendor beside her held three fish on brown wrapping paper and was clearly amused by her offended sense of smell. Edward laughed and immediately responded, "A tourist!" I giggled along with him and hit the button to bring up the next photo. "Now what do you see?" His eyes darted to the screen and then back to me as his laughter died and his gaze was intense. "Everything." It took a considerable effort to tear my eyes away from him to see what he was looking at that affected him so profoundly. Me. The photo was of me, sitting here beside him, staring off into the distance. My cheeks were pink from the chilly morning air and my hair was windblown and wild. But for the first time, I saw it through his eyes. Happy. Joy. Love. The thought frightened me for a moment. However, it was fleeting and gone as soon as I looked back at him. His name fell softly, reverently from my lips as he took my hand in his and continued to tell me what he saw. "Sadness. Joy. Longing. Peace. Accomplishment. Humor. Beauty. Passion. My future. Everything." His kiss was gentle and sweet. He was conscious of where we were and what this moment meant. It meant everything. Our words were few as we simply sat beside one another on the bench, holding hands and sipping coffee. Watching people and seeing life through an entirely new lens. By lunchtime, Edward had brought me back to the hotel and promised to call later to make plans for dinner. He had another meeting with the magazine executives that wanted to hire him for his next shoot, and I needed some time to consider what I wanted. I was in love with him, of that there was no doubt. When and how it had happened, I had no idea. But there was no questioning it in my mind and my heart. And for the first time, I had no doubt that he felt the same. He hadn't said it, but then, neither had I. We both needed some space to figure out what happened next. Less than two hours later, I was skimming a new book, hoping for the next big thing when there was a knock at the door. I hadn't been expecting his call for at least another hour, so to find Edward on the other side of the door was a surprise. So was the duffle bag he carried. I couldn't take my eyes off of it as he stepped into the room. "How soon are you leaving?" His hand cupped my cheek as our eyes met. "Three weeks." "Three?" I was sure my confusion was evident. "Then why the duffle?" His expression was both uncertain and eager as he lifted the duffle between us. "It's yours. I bought it for you this afternoon." "I don't understand, Edward. I thought you had a meeting." "I did. Well, a phone call, actually." He dropped the bag, taking my hands in his own. "I wanted to get everything in order. I'm leaving for Ireland in three weeks, Bella. I'll be there for at least a month shooting the country from one end to the other. I'll make sure you have whatever you need for your work or anything you need for that matter. I don't," he swallowed hard. "I don't want to be without you. I can't even think about it. I know it's only been a couple of days, but it has also been a lifetime." I couldn't answer. I could barely breathe. Edward took my silence for reticence, and his smooth, self-assured persona cracked. His words came fast, but there was no doubt of his sincerity. "You asked me what I saw, Bella, and every word I said was the truth. I see the girl I knew, and the woman you've become. I see my future with you. I see life. Our life, together. God, I know I sound crazy and I'm probably not making any sense. I wish I had one of those cheesy Valentine's Day cards with a chubby little cupid that could communicate exactly what I'm trying to say, but I –" "You're making perfect sense." "What?" His eyes were full of hope as he stared at me. "I feel the same way, Edward. I think … I think it's love. I think I'm in love with you." I was in his arms before I had a chance to blink, his mouth claiming mine in a kiss that was a mix of passion and tenderness. He spoke volumes in the gentle way he held me, his arms solid, yet trembling with restrained desire, his lips unwilling to release mine even for a second. When he finally allowed me a moment to breathe, he pressed his forehead to mine, keeping us close and focused on only each other. "Please, Bella, let me love you. Come with me." A soft smile graced his lips. "Stay with me." I lifted my hands to his face, stroking my thumbs across his cheeks as I realized just how much had changed in the last two days. I wasn't that lonely, cynical woman anymore. I wasn't looking at life through my own narrow vision. I was seeing everything fresh and new through his eyes. I wanted this. Him. Forever. My answer was immediate. "Always."