out and went around to open her door, and offered her my hand. "I have a question." She waited warily. "If I develop this film," I said, waving around the camera in my hands, "will you show up in the picture?" Edythe started laughing. I helped her out of the car, and up the stairs, she was still laughing as I opened the door for her. They were all waiting in the huge white living room; when I walked through the door, they greeted me with a loud chorus of "Happy Birthday, Beau!" while my face turned red and looked down. They had covered most of the floor with so many balloons. There was a table with white clothe draped over it next to Edythe's grand piano, holding a blue birthday cake, more ribbons, a stack of glass plates, and a small pile of silver-wrapped presents. It was so much worse than I'd imagined. Edythe, sensing my distress, wrapped one arm around my waist and the other around my stomach and leaned up to kiss my cheek. Edythe's parents, Carine and Earnest-impossibly youthful and lovely as ever-were the closest to the door. Earnest hugged me carefully, and then Carine put her arm around my shoulders. "Sorry about this, Beau," she stage-whispered. "I couldn't rein any of them in." Royal and Eleanor stood behind them. Royal didn't smile, but at least he didn't glare. Eleanor's face was stretched into a huge smile. It had been months since I'd seen them; I'd forgotten how big Royal was. And had Eleanor always been so beautiful? "You haven't changed at all," Eleanor said with mock disappointment. "I expected a perceptible difference, but here you are, red-faced just like always." "Thanks a lot, Eleanor," I said, my face getting redder. She laughed, "I have to step out for a second"-she paused to look conspicuously at Archie-"Don't do anything funny while I'm gone." "I'll try." Archie let go of Jessamine and stepped forward, his teeth sparkling in the bright light. Jessamine smiled, too, but kept her distance. She leaned, long and blond, against the post at the foot of the stairs. During the days we'd had to spend cooped up together in Phoenix, I'd thought she'd gotten over her aversion to me. But she'd gone back to exactly how she'd acted before-avoiding me as much as possible-the moment she was free from that temporary obligation to protect me. I knew it wasn't personal, just a precaution, and I tried not to care about it that much. Jessamine had more trouble sticking to the Cullens' diet than the rest of them; the scent of human blood was much harder for her to resist than the others-she hadn't been trying as long. "I guess it's a good time to open presents," Archie announced. He motioned his hand toward the table with the cake and shiny packages and we walked towards it. "Archie, I know I told you I didn't want anything-" "But none of us listened," he interrupted, smug. "Open it." He took the camera from my hands and replaced it with a big, square silver box. The box was so light that it felt empty. The tag on top said that it was from Eleanor, Royal, and Jessamine. Self-consciously, I tore the paper off and then stared at the box in concealed. It was something electrical, with lots of numbers in the name. I opened the box, hoping for further illumination. But the box was empty. "Um… thanks." Royal actually cracked a smile. Jessamine laughed. "It's a stereo for your truck," she explained. "Eleanor's installing it right now so that you can't return it." Archie was always one step ahead of me. "Thanks, Jessamine and Royal," I told them, grinning as I remembered Edythe's complaints about my radio this afternoon-all a setup, apparently. "Thanks, Eleanor!" I called out. I heard her booming laugh from my truck, and I couldn't help laughing. too. "Here's mine and Edythe's," Archie said, grinning. He held out a small, flat square in his hand. I turned to look at Edythe, "You promised." Before she could answer; Eleanor came through the door. "Just in time." she crowed. She pushed in behind Jessamine, who had also drifted closer than usual to get a good look. "I didn't spend a dime," Edythe assured me. She brushed her fingers against my cheek, leaving my skin tingling from her touch. I inhaled deeply and turned to Archie. "Okay." I sighed. Eleanor chuckled with delight. I took the little package, rolling my eyes at Edythe while I stuck my finger under the edge of the paper and jerked it under the tape. "Shoot," I muttered when the paper sliced my finger; I pulled it out to examine the damage. A single drop of blood oozed from the tiny cut. It all happened very quickly then. "No!" Edythe roared. She threw herself at me, flinging me back across the table. It fell, as I did, scattering the cake and the presents, the ribbons and the plates. I landed in the mess of shattered crystal. Jessamine slammed into Edythe, and the sound was like the crash of boulders in a rock slide. There was another noise, a grisly snarling that seemed to be coming from the deep in Jessamine's chest. Jessamine tried to shove past Edythe, snapping her teeth just inches from Edythe's face. Eleanor and Royal grabbed Jessamine from behind in the next second, locking her into her massive steel grip, but Jessamine struggled on, her wild, empty eyes focused only on me. Beyond the shock, there was no pain. I'd tumbled down the floor by the piano, with my arms thrown out instinctively to catch my fall, into the jagged shards of glass, Only now did I feel the searing, stinging pain that ran from my wrist to the crease inside my elbow. Dazed and disoriented, I looked up from the bright red blood pulsing out of my arm-into the fevered eyes of the six suddenly ravenous vampires.