pressed up against it "Please Bella, please tell me it's okay to kiss you, I can't take it anymore" "Kiss me Edward please" I moaned while rubbing myself against his hard member. "God Bella" he moaned. Then my world stopped, he finally kisses me, he tasted like Jack Daniels and Coke, I moaned again as things got heated, he moved me from the door to his bed. I'd been dreaming of this moment for so long and now it's happening and I'm on cloud 9, we were pawing at each other. "God Bella you're so fucking sexy and hot and beautiful and there just aren't enough words to describe you" he said then kissed me again, "Edward" I moaned "Please tell me you want me as much as I want you" he said kind of worried as if I was suddenly going to change my mind. "Edward when I said I wanted to impress a guy well that guy is you, it's always been you" "Thank god" he said relieved "Just so you know I've liked you forever, that's why I didn't date, cos I'm in love with you and have been since the 1st grade" he said his green eyes looking into my brown ones, I was shocked and just stared at him "Seriously?" I said "Plain Bella, you've liked plain Bella for that long?" "In wouldn't call you plain Bella" he said as he stroked my hair, "I find you funny, smart, beautiful" he smiled at me. I was still in shock "Kiss me Edward, make love to me" he looked at me "I love you Bella" "I love you too Edward" That's all we needed, we were kissing hungrily while pawing at each other's clothes, the next thing I knew we were naked "Let me get a condom" he said "It's fine I'm on the pill" I said to him, he started entering me, ouch this hurts I thought to myself, he was being so gentle and caring, when the pain subsided I asked him to go faster, then faster till we were fucking "Fuck Bella" he gasped as he watched his cock plunge in and out of me "This is so hot to watch baby" "Oh Edward you're gonna make me cum" "Me too" he said. It wasn't long until we both reached our climax. Afterwards we lay in his bed, him on his back with me on his chest, I looked up at him and he was wearing a shit eating grin, "What are you smiling about?" I laughed, "Oh nothing" he said "Just the fact I finally have the girl of my dreams" I blushed "I love you Bella" "I love you too" We fell asleep and it was about 8 the next morning, it was Alice asking where I was, I crept out of Edwards bed and threw on a T-shirt of his and a pair of shorts, he stirred. "Bella?" He asked "Where are you sneaking off to baby?" I internally swooned, I grinned at him, "Alice text me, she needs help cleaning up downstairs, apparently it's a big mess" "Come here first" he said sitting up against the head board and pulling me to him so I was straddling his lap. We started kissing again, "I love you" he said grinning widely "I love you too" I matched his grin, he started kissing my neck, I moaned, "Don't start what you can't finish mister" "Who said I can't finish it" he said, we had sex again but this time it was slow and gentle and we climaxed together. When we were finished I put back on his tshirt and shorts, the tshirt was on old sport tshirt with his name on the back "mmm" he said kissing me, "I like my name on you" "Come on horny, we have to help Alice" I said dragging him downstairs. When we reached the bottom step holding hands and laughing we had 4 pairs of knowing eyes on us "Well well well" Alice said "Now we know where you were and why you didn't come back to my room last night" she said while holding a trash bag, I couldn't help but laugh "It's about time!" Emmett yelled, I looked at him shocked. "You knew?" "Well yeah Ed is my best buddy, I knew he liked you for a long time" "Wow" was all I could say "Okay chop chop and help tidy up, mom and dad will be back in 5 hours and we still have a lot of work to do" It took us a whole 3 and a half hours to clean up and hide all the full garbage bags. We had an hour and a half to spare before Esme and Carlisle would be back so me and Edward went up to his room for a while, we were lying on his bed kissing when my phone rang. "Hey Char-dad" I said quickly correcting myself "Hey bells, I was just wondering when you'd be home from Alice's" I looked at the clock on Edwards nightstand "I'll be home in 20 minutes" "Okay see you hon" I hung up "I gotta get my stuff ready" I got up reluctantly Then quickly turned round and stared at Edward "What's wrong" he asked "Um are things going to be weird now with us?" I asked meekly "What, why would they be weird?" "Because we're best friends Edward and we had sex, twice and we love each other and are things going to be weird at school? Are we just friends?" I rambled. He had a shit eating grin on his face "What?" I asked shyly "Bella Swan, will you do me the honour of being my girlfriend?" He asked while walking towards me, I giggled "It would be a dream come true" I said as he kissed me. "I love you Bella swan" I internally swooned "I always have and always will love you Edward Cullen" I just got what I always wanted.