is Paul. I grew up with them. Why don't we pull out the rap sheet and have a little fun?" She asked and Wolfy started chuckling lowly. "Everyone, do what we do best. Time to intimidate." This was going to be fun. "No smiling, Wolfy, you too Garrett." Peter said and they nodded. We stepped out of the SUV and the wolves all froze. Garrett cracked his neck and looked over to the wolves. "A couple of questions gentlemen." Garrett said as he flashed his badge to them. "I know you have met Special Agents Watkins and Taylor. This is Special Agents Burns and Frost. I am special agent Ryan Dylan. We need to speak officer Lahote, Officer Call and Officer Uley. I need to ask a couple of questions about the victim if that's alright with you." "Yes, Um…Special Agent." Sam gritted through his teeth. "Now, Officer Uley, you knew the victim personally?" Garrett started. "Yes, sir." He gritted out. "Thank you. Now you are engaged to the young lady that found the victim in the woods?" Garrett asked playing it cool. "Yes sir, to both counts." He said standing rigid. "Do you have any idea why the victim would be out there at that time?" Garrett asked casually. "No, sir. I do not know." Sam said glaring at Garrett. "Frost, status report." Garrett ordered and Swan came over with her notebook. "I am the head of this investigation and I can promise you that I know more about you than you know about yourselves." "Samuel Aaron Uley, age 34, Height: 6 ft. 4in. Hair: black, Eyes: brown, Skin: tan. Ethnicity: Native American. Status to national security: Harmless. Status to Vampire Nation: Deadly. Status in Pack: Alpha. Father: Joshua Uley Deceased (C.O.D. – Overdose) Mother: Alisson Uley Deceased (C.O.D. – Suicide) Siblings: None "Paul Randall Lahote, Jr. , age 33, Height: 6 ft 3in. Hair: black, Eyes: brown, Skin: tan. Ethnicity: Native American. Status to national security: Harmless. Status to Vampire Nation: Deadly. Status in Pack: Beta. Father: Paul Randall Lahote, Sr. Deceased (C.O.D – Liver Disease) Mother: Angela Lombardi(remarried) Age: 52 Residence: Cheyenne, Wyoming Siblings: Tisha Lombardi Age: 18 "Embry Jayson Call, age 31, Height: 6 ft. 1 in. Hair: black, Eyes: brown, Skin: tan. Ethnicity: Native American. Status to national security: Harmless. Status to Vampire Nation: Deadly. Status in Pack: none. Father: Unknown to Most (extensive genetic testing proves paternal match to Ateara Family) Mother: Tiffany Call Age: 49 Status: Single Siblings: None on record (Off record: Quil Ateara V)" Swan said as they all widened their eyes. "You see, Officer Uley, I know a lot about you." Garrett said smirking. "You would do well to understand the position you are really in. Understand that you cannot hide from the government." "We're listening." Uley said and I looked him in the eyes. He was scared. That was a given. "This investigation is going to go our way. Frost and Burns will be around as will Watkins and Taylor. Do not bother them, because I would hate for your files to end up in the wrong hands. Namely, the Scientists that love to experiment on new things." Garrett said and I'm pretty sure I saw a shudder. Damn wolves are nothing more than puppies. "We understand. The police department has jurisdiction here." Sam said and I cleared my throat, unnecessary, I know. "Taylor?" Garrett asked looking over to me. "Actually, Officer Uley, we have jurisdiction, since the 'murder' was conducted on the reservation. It's federal, not local. Learn your jurisdictions." I said and they looked pissed off. "We'll be taking over all of the investigation." Swan's POV Paul opened his mouth after all this time. "Do you think we could be involved? I understand your vampires, but if at all possible, you know our staunch on human life, so if possible; could we at least help off the record?" I looked over to Garrett and he looked to be thinking. Peter placed a hand on my back and I turned to see him nod almost imperceptibly. I tapped Garrett on the shoulder and he turned to me. I squinted barely and he got my message. "I suppose we could use the help. If what I think is going to happen, happens, then you will be needed. Also your pack too." Garrett said and I watched as Paul let out a sigh. I missed him something awful. "Thank you, sir." Paul said and I wanted to smile. "Let's get going everyone." Garrett said as he, Emmett, Wolfy and Pete turned around. I looked to Paul and the others. "Take care, Paul." I said softly and his eyes grew wide. I knew I wouldn't be able to hide it from him. I just couldn't do it to him. "Bella." He whispered as Embry and Sam looked at me wide eyed. "Bye Sam, Embry." I said as Peter grabbed my hand pulled me toward him and the others. The moment we were out of hearing distance Wolfy turned to me. "Iz! Seriously? You know they could tell your pops that you're alive." "They can't expose me, without exposing themselves. Remember…in the eyes of the human world, we don't exist. They can't say anything. Besides to human eyes I look completely different." I explained and they took that as an excuse. "Pete, you and Swan run up to Seattle and see what's going on with all those newborns. We need the layout of what they have going on out there. Wolfy and Lug, setup mobile command center. I want everything up and running as fast as you can. I want to see where this investigation is going. It's not every day that we get to have fun like this. Usually it's just those damn Mafia members." Garrett said as we all nodded. "You ready to run, Babe?" I asked and Peter smiled. "Of course, baby. Let's go." He said as he gave me a kiss. Chapter 1, I don't know…I own nothing.