into the stirrups" he says softly as he puts some gloves on. I lay back and put my feet up in the stirrups realizing it made my legs fall apart. I tense my muscles and lock my knees. "Bella relax your legs for me" Carlisle says and I shake my head. "Shh Bella the sooner we get this done the sooner you can leave" Mom says as she rubs my hand soothingly. I sigh and relax my legs exposing myself. "Ok sweetie scoot down until you feel my hand on your bottom" Carlisle says soothingly. I scoot down and squeak when I feel his cold hand. Carlisle looks at Edward who stands up and comes to my head. He crouches by me. "Bella he's not going to hurt you it might be uncomfortable but you're ok" Edward says softly. Rose and Alice stand up and stand by mom. "Just like we told you Bella" they say and Alice walks t my other side and takes my other hand. Rose stands by Edward and rubs my forehead soothingly. "Bella I'm going to start" Carlisle says and I feel cool air when he lifts up the sheet. I feel his cool hands on my hot nervous skin. "OK everything looks ok externally" he says and I peek up and see him reach for lubricant. I tense up my muscles and my breathing becomes shallower as I'm fighting not to panic. "Shh Bella" Edward coos before humming my lullaby. I look at Carlisle in panic as he squirts lubricant on his two fingers before turning back to me. "Shh just relax Bella you're ok" he says and I try to relax my breathing. I feel coldness and it hurts and I cry in pain. "Bella relax your muscles for me it will be easier" Carlisle says and I stop fighting knowing it would get me nowhere. "Shh there's my baby girl. You're ok, daddies not going to hurt you" he says softly as he places his left hand on my abdomen. I relax into the bed and he gently palpates my abdomen. "Ok everything feels ok" he says and pulls back. I sigh in relief and go to sit up. "Bella you still have the smear" Rose says and I get panicked and try to get up from the bed but I'm pinned. "Shh baby you're ok, look at mommy" Mom says as she holds me arms down. I look up at her and tears glisten my eyes. "Shh you're ok, I know you want to be done, but you got so far sweetie just one more quick test and your done and I'll take you home" She says as she lets go of one of my arms to place a hand on my cheek. "NO mommy it's going to hurt" I cry out. "Shh it might be uncomfortable but it won't hurt" she coos. "If you get it done now and its clean then you won't need one for a while" She coos softly and I relax back. "There's my girl." She says softly. During this time I didn't realize Carlisle got up and was at the sink with the metal speculum. I finch as I see it and mom rubs my hand soothingly. He was running water over the metal and I quickly look away and up at mom. She looks down at me and gives me a soft smile. "Shh don't look at it" she says as she rubs my forehead. I look around and notice Alice and rose were by Edward softly taking to him. They nod and return to my sides. The water shuts off and I whimper knowing what was to come. I start to cry softly and cool hand swipe the tears away. "Shh I'm here love, so is rose and Ali. You're doing so well" Edward coos before kissing my forehead. The sheet is lifted again and I feel hands rubbing my leg soothingly. "Just relax Bella you're ok" Carlisle says and I takes me deep breaths. I start to cry as I feel Carlisle inserting the metal. "Does it hurt baby?" Mommy asks and I shake my head. "I don't like the feeling, it feels uncomfortable" I say and tears trickle down my face. "Shh were almost done" Rose whispers soothingly. "Bella I'm going to do the smear now, it might be uncomfortable but if it hurt please tell me and I'll stop" Carlisle says and I just nod. I close my eyes and try to focus on Edward humming my lullaby. "OK I got it" Carlisle says and I open my eyes and see him move away from me. I sigh in relief. He puts the stirrups away and I sit up with the sheet wrapped around me. "Do you have any questions?" he asks and I shake my head. "OK I'm going to take this to the lab, you can get dressed and leave. I'll see you guy at the house in a few hours" Carlisle says. He gets up and leaves the room. I sigh in relief as Edward kisses my forehead before slipping out of the room. I change quickly and mom wraps her arms around me. "Let's go home" she says softly. I nod my head and we walk out of the room. "Was it that bad love?" Edward asks and I nod. "Shh no more for another ten or so years" he says softly and I shake my head. "Not happening, one is enough for me. If I had it my way it would have been none" I say. "Bella you'll feel more relaxed as you get more of them" Alice says. "Alice seriously no, not happening I hate it" I say. "OK lets not argue, lets get Bella home so she can relax" Mom says. " How about when we get home love I can take you to the music room and I'll play the piano for you?" Edward asks. I nod and cuddle into his side.