the red eyes that watched her from the corner. Pressing himself against the cold alley way wall, the rough gravel of the brick rubbed against the back of his leather jacket. The woman sung happily to herself. Of course the songs of 2036 were rubbish. They got worse as time went by. He smiled as she approached the alley way entrance. Her scream rang out as he dragged her back, his hand slamming over her mouth. Lifting her struggling form, he took off. Running over the roof tops, he dragged the woman. The traffic's shining head lights like burning torches of witch hunters on hunt for the undead. Chuckling, he increased his speed. Approaching a dying forest, he sniffed his prisoner's neck. Honey; his loves favourite. Running through the dense thorny forest, he passed an old abandon wrecked cottage, its torn thatched roof had protected a family, it's once white walls now a rotting grey. Flowers, that had been full of life, lay withered in heap. A creepy smile broke out onto his face as the sound of children's laughter rang out as he broke through the tetchy thorns into a clearing. Before him was a fairy-tale cottage, its walls a grand white. The neatly trimmed thatched roof towered over the top, glorious prickly flowers grew out of the ground that surrounded the place like a spiky barred fence. He had decide that it was only right to let Isabella have some of her human life. In the distance the flat roof of a white modern building broke over the dead trees. Two little children ran around the garden, their red eyes glowing brightly as they giggled. Dark blue silk blue in the howling wind as a little girl ran from a curly haired boy. With a pair of twinkling red eyes, a woman sat on a wooden bench watching them. The little girl squealed her long brown hair flowing in the moonlight revealing a hint of bronze. The little girl stopped when she caught sight of the man. "Daddy's home!" She squealed, her brother stopped chasing her as they both ran towards him. Throwing the woman to the ground, he embraced them. "Hiya bud." He ruffled the boy's hair. "Have you been looking after Lily?" The little girl scoffed. "I've been looking after Jess! Right mommy!" The brunette women chuckled, rising up to her feet. "You've both been looking at each other. Dear." Her hips swayed as she sauntered up to the man, her red eyes glowing. "Isabella" He whispered, releasing the children to kiss her on the lips. "Edward." She smiled faintly. "How have you been?" His eyes shone at her. "Missing you." Her hand grazed his cheek. He leaned into her touch. The groan of the woman popped their little bubble. Covered in mud, the woman's dress was torn as she crawled across the grass. The bronze hair man sighed. "I can't let dinner escape. Can I?" Isabella giggled slightly, an evil glint in her eye. Kissing him on the lips, she smiled sickly. Dirt slipped through the crawling woman's fingers as she crawled across the ground, the grime sinking through her dress. The thorny trees were just in sight, only a few feet away. A pair of shiny black shoes appeared in front of her. Scanning up their legs, she screamed as the bronze haired main smiled sinisterly at her. "Going somewhere." Venom dripped from his voice as he smirked down at her cowering form. He reached down, yanking her up by the hair. Pain sore through her head as she tried to pry his fingers away. The brunette women and the two children sat on the ground, playing with each other, ignoring the man as he grasped the human, lifting her into the air. "Please sir, I have a family, just let me go. I'll never tell anyone." The man chuckled. "And I have a family to feed." Sinking his teeth into her neck, she released a scream of terror. Her struggles to push him away failed as her body turned limp. Dropping the useless body to the ground. He walked over to the children, bending down, he rolled up his sleeves. The children didn't hesitate as they sunk their teeth into his arms. After a few gulps, they released him. The bite marks healed straight away as the blood was sucked back into his body. Turning to his love, he smirked. "Your turn, my dear." Kissing his neck, she sunk her teeth in. He groaned as his hands grasped at her waist. "That's it, love, there you go." After a few minutes, she kissed his neck as the wound healed. Edward smiled as he stroked her face. "My love…" The children wrapped themselves around his legs. "My children." The children snuggled deeper into his legs, their minds trapped in a spell. Isabella smiled as she kissed him on his lips, oblivious to her children's real father. He had perfected her, he had made her his. He had took her memory and removed all pieces of her past that didn't include him, replacing them. All her memories involved him; evolved around him. How they first met, how he found her in a forest, how after nursing her they fell in love. How they ended up having children together. How their house got set on fire and he had to transform her and the two beautiful children. She believed him, of course. She believed everything he said. She do anything for him. He had perfected her completely. They could live forever together after all she was his little doll, a doll he treasured with all his heart. A doll he could never release from his hypnotic spell. "I love you." His voice chimed. "I love you too" His smile was victorious as he kissed her. Thinking to himself, they are … his voice was soft as he whispered the words. "My perfect little family… my perfect little dolls." I hope you enjoyed it. Please Review Host312x