uncertainty he gave in and hugged back then I stood back and grabbed Levi's hand and then I introduced them and Alec said "Come on lets go back to the Volturi" then we ran after another 2 hours we finally got to the airport and well lets just say Levi got a bit too close to another vampire female, who was also going to Italy, but I snuck a few condoms in his pocket so he should be fine. While he was having some fun I had a chat with Alec it was us in a room and the doors were locked so no-one could interrupt. "What do you want to talk about" He asked I honestly had no idea I just didn't want him to bang another vampire "I don't I just don't want you to bang another vampire because that vampire dude out there well I don't want to discuss what he was thinking but it wasn't pleasant he wanted you to leave me that why I brang you in here with my hands on your hips" I explained quietly. "Right" he said "But I wouldn't blame you for wanting me soo badly I mean look at me I'm gorgeous, attractive, Sexy" he said getting closer to me. I lay on the bed, bored, Alec lay next to me and got closer to me. He lifted me up and put his arm round me and put me down he hugged me. The most awkward part must have been the fact that I could feel his dick pressed up against me and the had theses jogger type trousers on. He was sideways on looking at me so I turned to look at him and that's when I noticed how close we were, our lips were touching but we weren't kissing. A knock at the door sent us flying apart "Lexieee" someone sang and I recognised the voice as well it was the chick that stole Levi. Must not kill her. Must not kill her. I kept saying over and over again in my head. "Yes" I said flatly "Can we come in" she replied merrily "No I don't like sluts in the place where I stay it takes foREVer to get the air clean if you want to talk to me do it there cause then I don't have to look at you" I said plainly but smirking I looked over at Alec to see him trying not to laugh. "Lexie don't be so rude" Levi said "Shut up" I said in a Vicky Pollard voice and Alec couldn't hold it any longer he burst out laughing which made me do the same I just heard two sighs from the other side of the door then I heard them walk away. "Soo is she like your best mate?" Alec asked I stared at him "Yeah my best mate we have sleep over's every Saturday" I said sarcastically then we had a laughing fit. "OMG I'm gunna wet myself with laughter" I said calming down slightly " You don't pee" Alec said. "So if I was human I would" I said then eventually we calmed down and stopped laughing and just laid there staring at each other I kinda found it uncomfortable. "This is kinda awkward" I said "Yeah I know. So what you wanna do?" He asked "Well how long till we land?" I asked "30 minutes" "I know what to do" I said suddenly "What?" He asked "We prank Levi and his bed buddy" I said smirking "I'm in" He said and he shot up. I got my laptop and put A little Piece of Heaven on by Avenged Sevenfold and I put the volume up really loud then Levi knocked on the door. "Hello" I shouted then Alec opened the door. "Turn it down!" Levi shouted "Kiss my ass cause I aint turning it down!" Alec shouted and while they were arguing I snuck out and went in their room luckily that bitch was with Levi so I burned all his boxers and cut holes in the crotch of his trousers and holes in nipples on the tops and call me evil but I snapped his Xbox in half and crushed it till it was dust and with the bitch I did the same and burned all her possessions then I snuck out and stood in the doorway of my room. Waiting for the argument to stop. It didn't. Eventually I had to step in. "Oi pack it in." I said pushing Levi and his slut out the way. "Lexie don't push Sasha she is fragile and gentle and the best vampire I have ever met alot better that you anyday!" He shouted "Ya know what. SCREW YOU. You ain't no mate of mine. If she means more to you than fine you don't even know her. For all you know she could be using you. Well as for me you have known me all your life and that is a long time. But fine I understand." I said ,pulling Alec with me, I walked back in our room and slamed it shut and locked it. "Lexie no I didn't mean it like that. Please your my best mate I'm sorry" He begged "FUCK OFF I HATE YOU!" I shouted back. I heard a sigh then footsteps getting further and further till I couldn't hear them anymore. "You OK?" Alec asked "Yeh. I just can't believe that my so called best mate just ditched me for some bitch he doesn't even know." I said looking down. "You did do what you were meant to do didn't you?" he asked. That cheered me up "Yeh." Then we heard a scream. Yes. "Yes" Alec whispered. Then there was a load of bangs on our door. "You little slut how dare you!" Sasha shouted "Cheer up whore. Go stand on the corner and make yourself some money" I said. Then the plane started to drop. "We're here" Alec said smirking.