wasn't a game. That I wasn't going to just sit by and let her talk trash and run her mouth to everyone. I was done being the nice Isabella Swan to this bitch. "Keep it up Tanya I dare you." I snapped. I flung her hard against the wall before releasing her. Quickly I grabbed my things and headed into the hallway before I changed my mind. I clenched my fists and made my way to my locker. I was pissed beyond belief. I was seething with rage. I flung open my locker as I grabbed the books I needed. "You ok Bella?" Alice asked. I glanced up to see both Alice and Rosalie looking at me concerned. "I'll be fine if that fucken bitch Tanya stays the fuck away from me. Because if not I am going to show her a world of hate and pain." I growled. "Uh oh what did she do?" Rosalie asked. "What didn't she do or who didn't she do." I couldn't help but laugh as my last comment. I watched as Tanya stood at her locker glaring at me. I knew she was up to something. "Maybe we should get to class before you kill someone." Rosalie said. "Yeah good idea."I said. I slammed my locker shut still fuming. Grabbing my things I headed down the hall with Alice and Rosalie by my side. I thought she had given up. And she was done running her mouth for the moment but I was wrong. "Isabella Swan an ugly loser just like her brother Emmett who will never get into law school." Tanya snapped. That was it. I couldn't take it. Not only has she talked shit about me but she has talked shit about my brother and that is something you do not do. "THAT'S FUCKEN IT!" I yelled. I dropped my things and stormed toward where Tanya stood standing with her friends. She thought this was a joke. Like I was going to just let her insult my brother. "Bella don't." Alice said grasping my arm. But I flung my arm away. "EMMETT" Rosalie yelled. Everyone stood still. Emmett was down the hall standing with Edward and Jasper when they saw what I was about to do. "Fuck. Bella no." Emmett yelled. Tanya smirked as she flung her fist into my cheek. Instantly my cheek burned and was throbbing from her rings. She was done. I flung her hard against the locker ready to let her have it. "No one insults my brother." I said through clenched teeth. I flung my fist hard into her face sending her face to whip back. I swung my fist back to punch her again but I never got the chance. I was pulled back as Edward stood between us looking at me. "Bella she's not worth it." Edward said. "What the hell Eddie." Tanya snapped. I watched as Edward turned and glared at Tanya. But at the moment I didn't care all I wanted was to kill this bitch. I tried to go after her but Edward wouldn't let me."Let me go." I said struggling in his grasp. "I am not going to let you get suspended because of some whore." Edward said. I continued to struggle in his grasp. But Edward was strong very strong. He was the quarterback of the football team. "Bella, come on she's not worth it. Let's go before we get into trouble." Edward said. I still wanted to break her pretty little face. Edward gently draped his arm around me as he dragged me to Biology class with Alice carrying my things. I was boiling inside. After calming down I took my seat next to Edward. I still wanted to give Tanya a world of hurt. "I didn't think you were really going to kick her ass." Edward said. I glanced up at Edward annoyed. Was he really defending her? After everything she put him through? "Why are you defending her after all the shit she's put you through?" "Easy killer. I'm not defending her." Edward said holding up his hands in defeat. "Sorry." Edward smiled down at me as he draped his arm around me gently hugging me. "You ok?" I rubbed my cheek where she punched me. It throbbed but it was fine. "Yeah I am fine." "So what did she do to piss you off?" Edward asked. "Ran her mouth about my brother and saying she knows my plan. That I supposedly want you and why would you want a frog when you could have a princess." "Seriously? Wow" Edward said. "Yes and I will be damned Edward if she thinks she is going to come between our friendship." "That will never happen so don't worry." Edward said smiling. What he didn't know was what she said was somewhat true. I did want Edward. I wanted him not only as my best friend but my boyfriend as well. But for now I would settle for best friend. "What are you thinking about?" Edward asked. "What you mean?" "Bella, I know you. I always know when you are hiding something. So spill." Edward said. Crap. Edward has always known me so well. He can always tell when something is bothering me or if im lying. And he can always tell when I am hiding something and right now was one of those moment.s "Edward…I…" "Goodmorning class." I glanced up and breathed a sigh of relief. I was saved by the bell. Mrs. Richards entered our biology class. I wouldn't have to tell what I was thinking. Or what I was hiding. "You still have to tell me later." Edward whispered against my ear. Maybe Edward would forget all about it. Maybe I wouldn't have to tell him what I was hiding. Somethning I really didn't want him to know right now. Maybe not ever. Because I didn't know if I was ever going to tell him. He clearly would not feel the same way. Or would he?