and brighter than I had seen from her in a long time. "It will look beautiful on you, Bella. Put it on." The rest of the morning was spent slowly unwrapping gifts, drinking coffee, and relaxing in front of the fireplace. Bella curled up with me on the couch, the silk robe smooth under my fingers because I couldn't keep my hands off of her, the fire crackling happily away and snow falling softly all around the house. My mother dozed in the armchair near the tree, Magda played with her new doll in front of the fire, and Bella snuggled into my chest. I thought everything was damn near perfect. For the first time in a long time I was completely content, utterly happy. The only thing that broke the feeling were the sounds coming from the little girl at my feet. Magda was sniffling. "What's wrong, baby?" Bella asked, pulling the girl from the pile of wrapping paper and cuddling her close. On closer inspection, there were tear tracks down Magda's cheeks and those big brown eyes were watery, her chin tight and her bottom lip trembling. "I asked Santa for a daddy," Magda hiccuped, "but he didn't bring one." "You have a daddy, baby," Bella mumbled dejectedly. "But he never comes home." Magda's big eyes were getting bigger and wetter by the moment and I knew I had about four and half seconds to act before this perfect morning dissolved into a puddle of tears, from both mother and child. I pushed off the couch and picked Magda up right out of Bella's lap, walking with her to the windows. It had stopped snowing, but a hand to the glass to wipe away the fog showed us both a frosted winter wonderland. Magda curled her arms around my neck and I held her tight, trying to figure out what to say to her. "You know... I was really lonely when I met you and your mom," I admitted, not exactly sure why I was saying this to a five-year-old. Something about Magda made me want to be honest. Something about the morning I'd just spent, the way that I'd spent it, made me feel nostalgic for something I didn't even know I was missing. The solid weight of this little girl never failed to amaze me and I adjusted her in front of me so that we were face to face. Magda sniffled and put her head down on my shoulder, wrapping her arms around my neck so tightly it was nearly uncomfortable. "I think my mom was lonely too," she whispered. "Will you come back home with us?" "I'm trying to figure that out, kiddo." " You could be my dad," she said, sounding surprised by her own revelation. I tried not to react, but I couldn't help it. Bella's intake of breath behind us had me fidgeting, my heart suddenly pumping overtime, and the room way too hot. My shoulders stiffened and my neck turned red. "Maybe, kid," I choked. "Maybe… How about you go get your boots and your jacket and we go outside for a little while? We can play in the snow." "Yeah!" Magda squealed, easily distracted, and hopped out of my arms, running off to find her snow gear. I stared out the window, Magda's words echoing through my big empty brain. A sneak peek preview of what that kind of life could look like played out on the glass before me in two second snippets, fragile as a castle made of sand. The busy mornings and the lazy afternoons. The quiet, peaceful evenings. The kid, her hand holding and those sticky kisses. The girl, her killer smile, those legs, waiting for me in bed. Finally falling asleep with someone special, instead of alone. The refrigerator full, instead of only mustard and beer, and covered in crayon drawings. My house full of noise, instead of lonely and silent. A hand on my shoulder nearly made me flinch, but when I looked down, all I could see was the top of Bella's head resting against my arm. She wrapped her arms around my waist and I returned the gesture, tugging her in close, struggling to swallow the lump in my throat. "I bet you'd be the best," Bella sighed, her voice soft and sure. "The best what?" I asked, my own voice wobbling with uncertainty . "Dad." "You sound just like your kid, asking me to come home with you." "She is mine, after all." Bella hugged me closer, chuckling under her breath. "Thought you weren't that kind of girl? What made you change your mind?" "You." She looked up at me, those pretty eyes wide and her mouth in a smile. I covered her cheek with my hand, holding her still to kiss her, just about ready to accept or agree or sign on for whatever it was she was offering me, when we were interrupted. "I'm ready!" Magda announced, tugging at my sleeve, dressed for an arctic expedition save for the jacket she couldn't zip by herself. Bella disentangled from my arms and dropped to her knees, zipping her daughter up tight. "Are you excited?" Bella asked. "I used to play in the snow all the time when I was your age." She adjusted Magda's hat and helped her slide into her gloves. "How do you play in snow?" Magda asked, glancing warily out the windows. "Won't I get wet?" "Maybe a little, but Edward will show you what to do." Bella looked up at me with a serious "mom" face on. "No snowballs," she warned me. "Fine, fine," I laughed. "We're gonna build a snowman." "You can't build a man out of snow ." Magda crumpled her nose in confusion, shaking her head at me, and I laughed out loud, taking her hand as we stepped out the door. "Sweetie, if you can build a castle out of sand, we can build a man out of snow." The End