person to have this kind of fuckery happen to you. First you lose your Mother, at age 9, then your Dad, at 12, You've basically raised yourself. You should not have had this happen. Then your visions came at fifteen. Too early if you ask me. I'm sorry young one. But do not fret, be happy that you are still alive, and live your life like you know how." Harry said smiling softly as he spoke. "Bells?" Came Paul's smooth, baritone voice. I looked back and sighed, wiping the tears from my face. "Hey." I chuckled, my voice sounding watery. "Come on, let's go home." Paul said coming up to me. I nodded and let him lead me away. I turned back to give Harry one last hug and then took off back to Paul. Maria's POV back at Sam's* I turned my glare on Emily and watched Sam tense. "You have know clue what I'm capable of, Emily Young. You just degraded a council memeber. I hope you're fucking happy." I snapped standing up and walking to the door. Quil was right behind me. "Sam I suggest you tell her our history, and Bell's entire history, starting with when we were kids. Next time she mouths off like that to Bells, I won't be so lenient." I stalked out of the house fuming, Quil silently walking beside me. He stopped me when we were at the beach. He turned me so he could look into my eyes. "Just breathe, baby." I took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. Ok, so Bells was right, it does help. "Better?" He asked giving me a small smile. "Yeah, thanks." I said giving him a hug. "So now that that was a total disaster, let's say you and I get to know each other?" He smiled and nodded. "I'd say that sounds perfect. Let's go get something to eat at the diner." "That sounds good. I'm starving." I said rubbing my stomach. He grinned and took my hand in his as we started the trek up to the main road. Sam's POV "What the hell, Em?" I groaned as she looked a bit stupified. "That's my Uncle she was talking so callously about." Em snapped at me. "She wasn't talking callously, she was telling the truth. She was resigned, there's a fucking difference." I said shaking my head. "It's my Uncle, Sam!" Emily said. "I know that, Em. I understand that something like this is a big ass shock to your system. But you've never even met her before today. That girl is one of my best friends. I grew up with her. I know her like no one else. When I was with Leah, Bella was the one I would go to for advice. Not anyone else, cause I sure as hell would not get advice from Ria." I said shuddering at the end. "She is a good person and she was just telling you what the vision told her. It told her that she had to tell him. He had to know. It was the only way HIS spirit would be at peace about leaving his family behind." Emily just sat there starting to tear up. I sighed and rubbed my hand down my face. "Okay let me start at the beginning, Maria is a year older than me, Bella is two. When we were little Bella's Aunt, which you know her as Joy Ateara, used to watch us cause our parents worked. When Bella was nine, Maria was eight and I was seven, Bella's dad came to pick her up in the middle of the day. We didn't know what happened until Bella called us that night to say her mom had died in a car accident. A drunk driver hit her head on." I said sighing at the memory, I seem to be sighing a lot these days. "Then When Bells was twelve, her Dad got hit by a car while crossing the cross walk in Port Angeles. She lost both of her parents within a span of three years. Then when she was fifteen we were all sittin in class, I was advanced for my age, so I skipped two grades, Maria skipped one. Well, we were in class when she just slumped over in her chair. I was wondering what happened when all of a sudden she sat up and her eyes were glowing white. It freaked me the fuck out, but Maria just smiled and knocked her in the back of the head. Bella's head went forward and she sat up straight and she was normal. Maria's gift had kicked in when were still little. She said we were the special three. 'I'm the first, Bells is second, and you're the third.' She said and I never thought anything of it. Until after we had graduated. That was when the Cullen's showed and I understood because I had phased. The special three. Now you know some of our past. Maria took it easy on you today and imprint or not, if it happens again, I can't do anything to stop it if she sees you disrespecting a council member again, especially Bells." Emily just sat there and took in everything I said. After what seemed like an endless second she turned to me and said softly, "I'm Sorry." "It's not me you need to apologize to, it's Bella. And that would only be if she allows it. I can't force her to accept your apology." I said taking in a deep breath and exhaling slowly. Ok, so Bells was right, that shit does work. Huh, I'll have to thank her. I Own nothing. This story is also on Tricky Raven…so yeah if you haven't read this one…well here you go…it's almost over on there, but I'll have it finished in a month hopefully….so I decided to post it here as well. I am currently on hiatus….but decided to meddle a bit. Thanks for reading and reviewing.