she's happy to relinquish that role to the woman I choose." Edward pulled another chair over and sat directly across from Bella, taking her hand in his. "As to your second concern, well, when I'm with you, I can hardly remember that there's air to breathe, much less that there is anyone or anything else in the world. You consume me one hundred percent, Bella." "Oh …" Bella had never heard words of such devotion and love from anyone, including her parents. She didn't know how much more she could take before launching herself at him. However, he wasn't anywhere near finished. "We've spent a thousand Saturday nights curled up on various couches watching movies, and I hope we have a thousand more. But I'd rather move it to a bed where we can watch a movie, and then I can watch you fall asleep in my arms. Or whatever else might happen." He gave her a lopsided smirk, which morphed into a full grin when her cheeks burned scarlet. "I want to drink Bailey's infused coffee with you while we sit by a fire in the Swiss Alps. Or kiss your sun-warmed skin on the beach in some remote tropical island. Or, hell, let's go dig a well in Africa to provide clean water for underdeveloped countries. I want to experience the world with you, Bella." Edward smiled tenderly as he reached up to wipe away more tears while blinking back a few of his own. "I want to sit with you and hear all about your day and tell you about mine. I want to make babies with you, raise them, and watch our grandchildren as they open their gifts on Christmas morning. I want to kiss you under the mistletoe every Christmas for the rest of our lives." Bella's eyes sparkled as she gave him a watery smile. "I wish I had some right now." Edward smirked and stood, using their joined hands to pull her up with him. "I thought you might say that. Look up, love." Bella lifted her eyes and gasped in surprise as she took in the sight above her. The entire ceiling of the newly enclosed room was covered in mistletoe. There were white twinkle lights strategically placed, but there was no space on the ceiling visible behind the mass of green. She turned in a circle, taking in the room for the first time. There were candles on various surfaces, wall-to-wall mistletoe and twinkle lights on the ceiling, and a beautifully set table waiting to host their dinner. When she turned back to Edward, she made an all-encompassing gesture. "You did all this?" "Yes. For you." His gaze was tender and unguarded. "And the mistletoe?" His smirk was in full force now. "Just covering all my bases. I wanted to be able to kiss you in any spot in the room." She smiled back at him, utter joy shining from her eyes. "And if we leave this room? Is this portable mistletoe?" "Well," he turned and lifted something from the table, his back to her as he paused. Finally, she watched as he squared his shoulders and turned toward her, trepidation evident on his face for the first time since she entered the room. "I suppose you'll need this one when we leave the room." He walked toward her, offering a small bundle of mistletoe wrapped with a red ribbon. Bella reached out, accepting the token with a smile. And then another gasp. There, tied neatly onto the top of the bundle with a tiny bow, was a simple, yet elegant gold ring housing a tasteful, square cut diamond. When she was eventually able to remove her gaze from the ring, she found Edward on his knee before her. "I know it's sudden. This is our first date, and a blind one at that, but we've shared a whole lifetime already. I want to spend the rest of it committed to you. I love you with all of my heart and soul. You're my whole world, Bella, and I want to be yours. Will you marry me?" There was no hesitation in her answer. "Yes." Wednesday, December 31 The mistletoe still covered the ceiling, and there were still twinkle lights and candles, but the table was gone. The room was filled with the soft sounds of a piano playing Christmas carols and the people they both loved dearly. Edward and Bella stood facing one another repeating vows after Pastor Webber, who had known them both since they were in kindergarten with his daughter, Angela. After Bella had agreed to marry him, Edward made another proposal and threw in her Christmas gift early to boot. He claimed he didn't want to be without her for the turn of another year and begged her to marry him on New Year's Eve while they were all still together. He handed her a small wrapped box with the itinerary for a trip to Ireland as an early gift/honeymoon, hoping it would be incentive enough to get her to agree. After a phone call to her parents, explaining that she never wanted a big, flashy wedding, and offering to have a reception when they returned from their respective trips, she had quickly agreed. They stood now, encircled by Carlisle, Esme, Jasper, Alice, Emmett and Rosalie as they finished their vows and shared a sweet, tender kiss for the first time as husband and wife. Bella was glowing as she held a simple cluster of mistletoe, wrapped with a red ribbon. A small smile graced her lips as she anticipated sharing precious news with Edward at midnight … News that the child they had created out of love on Thanksgiving, albeit, unexpressed and unplanned, was growing within her … A miracle that was under the mistletoe she held tightly in her hands. I think there will eventually be one more chapter of this one, but it probably will be written after I finish HCA. Thanks for reading!