leave the suite. I walk back downstairs to the private exam room. Bella is on Esme's lap in a ball crying. "Shh honey everything going to be fine" I say softly as I close the door. Bella shakes her head no and holds onto esme. I see the blood soaking through her pants and I wince. There's a knock and Vanessa walks in. "Hey Bella" she says softly and bells whimpers. I pick her up and set her on the exam bed. Bella curls up and scoots as far from Vanessa as possible. I sigh knowing this would be a long visit. (Bella's POV) I scoot away from the doctor. "Bella honey this is Dr. Vanessa Roberts she's the hospitals OB/GYN which means she deals with pregnancy and women's reproductive health. She helped me diagnose your PCOS." Daddy says and I whimper. "Its ok sweetheart I just want to make sure you're ok" She says and I whimper and shut my eyes willing this to go away. I feel a warm hand on me. "Don't touch me" I cry and daddy shushes me. "Shh honey your fine" he coo's. "Honey the sooner this is over the sooner we can get you home and you can go to sleep" He says softly as he rubs my back. I whimper but uncurl, the sooner we were done I could take a warm shower. "Bella I need you to change into a gown, you need to remove everything" Dr. Roberts says and I nod and grab the gown. Everyone goes into the hallway while I change. I hiss in pain as i pull back my bloody sweatpants from the cut. I sit on the exam table with the sheet dr. Roberts laid on the counter. "Daddy mommy" I call and the door opens and they walk back in. "Bella where did you lay your clothes?" Dr. Roberts asks. I point to the chair. She walks over and bags them. I look at daddy in fright. "Shh honey the need to get evidence off them" He says. "What am I supposed to wear home?" I ask near tears. "I brought you some PJ'S sweetheart" Mommy says and I nod. Dr. Roberts comes to the end of the bed with a box on a tray. She sets the tray down on the cart. She rolls the stool over and brings out the stirrups. "Shh Bella you're ok" Daddy says as he lays a reassuring hand on my back. "DO you want a light sedative?" Dr. Robert asks and i shake my head no I didn't want needles poked into me. "Ok sweetie just lay back and put your feet in the stirrups" She instructs and I start having flash backs. I'm pulled out of them by cold arms around me. I look and see I'm still in the room with mommy and daddy. Daddy has his arms wrapped around me. "Shh princess jut lay back." Daddy coos and I lay back and bring my feet up. I hear a gasp and I flinch knowing they saw the cut. "Carlisle I need you to put pressure on that wound while I do the rape kit and then after I will stitch the wound up and give her a hepatitis B shot to be safe." She says and I shake in fear. "Daddy no" I cry and reach for him. "What's wrong sweetie" he asks softly. "Don't go down there daddy, I don't want you to see me down there" I cry. "Ok esme can you put pressure on her wound?" Daddy asks and mommy nods and goes by who's wrapping gauze around my leg very tightly to where I wince. "I'm sorry honey but it need to be tight to stop the blood flow" She says and I nod as dad rubs my shoulder's soothingly. "OK Bella I'm going to just do a quick exam everything will be fine just relax" Dr. Roberts says and daddy forces me to look at his eyes knowing they'll calm me down. (After exam) "OK let's get your thigh stitched up honey" Dr. Roberts says as she goes to the cabinets. I whimper when I see the needle. "Slight pinch" Daddy warns and i close my eyes. I feel the pinch and scream. "Shh love its ok" Mommy says as she rubs arm. "Ok let's give that time to numb" Dr. Roberts says and goes to get the other tools. "Shh baby its ok a few more things and you can change and I will carry you to the car and you can sleep" Daddy says and I nod. "Oh babe I forgot to tell you I'm back as our daughter's primary doctor" Daddy says and I smile. "Ok Bella I'm going to start and then after you just need a blood draw and the hepatitis b shot" She says and I whimper because there's more needles. "Shh" Daddy coos as he make me focus on him. After a few minutes of tugging stand up. She goes to the cabinet and pulls out the shot and the stuff for blood. I sit up and cover my legs with the sheet. She comes over on my right and I get her take my arm. She ties the tourniquet. She quickly sticks me with the needle. She draws to vials and then take the needle out and puts a band aid over the puncture site. She reaches for the shot and I cringe. Daddy wraps me in his arms and I bury my head in his shoulder. "Shh I got you" daddy coos and I feel the pinch and I yelp. "Shh baby its ok" He says and mommy digs into her purse. "Here baby change" she says and they all leave. I get up and change quickly only stumbling twice. I open the door and daddy picks me up. He walks out to the car and sets me done in the back. By the time he hits the road I'm asleep.