while, the hall was filled with murmurs again, the occasional court member glancing at my sister. "Rosalie asked, and I know how desperate she was, so I accepted." I pleaded with her, desperate for her to understand why I did. Who was I kidding, she would never understand. I thought have thought about the consequences before I decided it. "What about me Edward? Do you think that I am not a good enough to be a mother?" Her bottom lip started to quiver. "Of course I do Ali, but Rosalie has been waiting a lot longer than you." Her eyes burned with anger. Alice snarled "She had her chance a long time ago Edward! What about me?!" "You'll have a chance in the future! Look at her. You see the resemblance. Let Rosalie have one more chance!" "Why should I? She had one and she threw it in the dust." A blood-like tear welled in Rosalie's eyes. Trembling, her lip pouted. "You promised you would never mention it again. You promised." Anger burned beneath her skin, seemingly, her hair hissed at Alice like Medusa's. "Yes but it was your own fault!" Alice screeched. Her sequined finger pointed at Rosalie as she snarled the words at her. My hand pushed her hand away as I stepped in front of Rosalie. I felt Emmett's breath on the back of my neck as he slipped in between us. "It was never not her fault, Ali. Now please don't make a big fuss out of this by being a baby..." Venom dripped from my voice as I sneered the words at her. No way was she going to get away with saying that, she knew what had happened to Rosalie. Could she not see what I was trying to do? "Anyway, Rosalie wasn't my first choice… ". Her eyes narrowed accusingly as she took in my words. Realisation filled me. I had just admitted that Rosalie was never my intended choice. This situation just keeps getting worse by the second. "Who was your first choice…?" Her eyes narrowed at me in suspension. If Rosalie wasn't your first choice, who was …. An idea dawned in her eyes. "No way" "The human!" Rosalie sneered as she jumped to her feet, her eyes narrowing. "The human was your first choice before me! That's why you were so adamant for me to accept as her!" I opened my mouth to reply when Alice cut me off. "So… you chose a human and then you decide to go for a no good bitch…." Her voice faded away as she realised what she had said. Covering her mouth with a trembling hand, her eyes widened with regret. "Rosalie. I didn't mean that-" Alice jumped to her feet as she tried to embrace her sister. "No, you did! I know that you think it! You all do! You think I don't deserve to be a mother! Don't touch me!" She flinched out of Alice's grasping hands, glaring at her "You couldn't accept that I could be happy again, could you?" Flying down the stairs, she ran across the gallery of frozen people, their eyes widening as they gaped at her. They remembered as she passed them, and, hurriedly, many tried to bow, their hands saluting across their chest in respect. Her high heels clicked on the floor as her blonde curls bounced on her shoulder. "Rosalie wait!" The door clanked shut. Alice stood in the middle of the stage, her hands trembling as she reached after her sister. "Rosalie…" Clearing his throat, Emmett looked distantly in the direction that his mate had fled the room from. "I better go and see her…." Saluting, he walked down the stairs. Father silently saluted a good bye behind him. The room remained stunned as they stared up at us. The doors shut again. Murmurs burst into the room as they began discussing what had happened. "Father, I think it is best that the family retires for now." Alice's silent sobs rang out, and Jasper hugged her to his chest, his lips kissing her forehead. My father glanced at me. A hand rested at the crook of his arm. Mother stood by him, a soft expression on her face. "Maybe we should. A lot has happened dear…. I think it is best." My father gazed down at her, a sad smile on his face as he nodded in agreement. "I do too." Slowly he turned to face the audience, a grimace on his face. The murmurs stopped as thousands of curious, red, glowing eyes turned to face him. Every one wide with anticipation as they stared at him. "I would like to announce that after all that's happened, my family has decided to retire. However my family and I would like to thank you for coming here to celebrate this tradition and for witnessing the mating of my youngest son and his mate." Raising four fingers into the air, we thanked the people. The vampires mirrored it back. Saluting my father, I walked down the stairs and crossed the massive ballroom floor. Subjects on either side bowed to me, their right arms swaying across their chest as I passed. Some whispered their congratulations while others tried to spy on my mate. I heard the door's clunk behind me as my footsteps echoed along the corridor. I could hear a human scream, begging to be set free. I opened my bedroom door and walked to my useless double bed. Sitting on it, I released the sleeping child from my velvet cage. I wrapped a blanket around her and kissed her gently on the forehead. I stroked her cheek and sighed, and ignoring the agony that flooded through my body, rose from the bed and walked towards the door. I glanced at that the sleeping beauty on the bed before shutting the door, twisting the lock and walked to the room that released another tortured human scream. There you go! I hope you enjoyed it. Host312x