something fierce, like he didn't want to let go of me. "I can't lose you, Babe. I just can't." I looked him over and then turned to see Paul shaking. I sighed and jumped off of Zach's lap to hug Paul to me. His knees buckled and he fell to them holding on to me. What the hell was I supposed to do? I didn't want to lose Zach, but this imprint shit was killing me all of sudden. I didn't know Paul at all. All I knew was that he was an asshole. I had known Zach all this time and I knew everything about him. Then again him imprinting was a possibility too. I had never thought of Zach imprinting. My eyes met Zach and I felt my knees buckle and I felt a sob lodge itself in my throat. I didn't want to lose Zach. He was my confidant, my rock…he was my everything. I moved away from Paul and turned quickly. I couldn't look at either of them anymore. I ran as fast as I could to get outside. I ran straight outside and into a muscled up chest. I looked up to see Ray, Levi and Riley standing there looking concerned. I jumped into Riley's awaiting arms and let out the cry that was lodged in my throat. "It's okay, baby. It's okay. We're here and we're no leaving you. You don't have to leave us either. No one is gonna make you. Just because he imprinted on you doesn't mean that you have to leave. We will make sure that you have a choice in that. It's inevitable though." Riley spoke softly into my ear. "What about Zach? Will he hate me? I don't think I could take it if he'll hate me." I said crying into Riley's shirt. "He won't hate you, babe. He loves you. We love you. Come here." Levi said as I turned to get into his strong arms. "How am I going to deal with this, Lee? I don't want to live in La Push. I don't even like it there." I wailed as he rocked me back and forth. "You won't, babe. I will personally guarantee it. You will never set foot in La Push again, unless you want to." He promised. "I don't hate you, Bells. I could never hate you. I love you too much to hate you. You had no control over this and neither did he. Do I wish that I had imprinted on you, yeah, I do, but I know that you'll be happy, because he can't ever hurt you." Zach said as I turned to see him sitting next to Levi and me. I hadn't even notice Lee sat down. "I can't hurt you, Bella. I could never hurt you. You are my life, now. I live to make you happy." Paul said as he came to squat in front of us. I looked him in the eyes and gave him a watery smile. "Who I was back then was an asshole. I couldn't think beyond my own hatred. I am sorry for everything, though. I truly am. I was sorry before, but it hurts to know that I did really hurt you back then." "I don't even really know you." I said trying to calm myself down. Paul's POV I didn't know what to say. She really didn't know me. So I said the only thing I could. "Maybe it's time we got to know each other." My voice was low, but still loud enough for her to hear. "I'm thinking that would be a good start." She said as she sat up straight on Sam's cousin's, Levi, lap. She turned to Zach and he put his head down. "I'm not gonna lie, Bells. It hurts, but I know this is what needs to be done. I promise, I'll be by your side though." He said as he placed his palm on her cheek and wiped away her tears. "Now calm down and go inside to get to know your wolf." Three years later And get to know me she did. I hadn't really thought of anything but her and making her happy. Sam relinquished me from the pack and Ray took me in. I was glad that Bella got to have her brothers. Zach imprinted on a girl in town, Eyana, he was happy, but he and Bells still had a close relationship. Ray is a hard-ass I can tell you that much. But he does what he does well. Jake finally took over and Sam retired to start his family with Emily. They come up to visit every chance they get. Bells has expressed no desire to actually talk to any of them, but both packs get along okay. She does talk to Brady and Collin, but that's about it. Her former friends have no place in her heart; strangely I'm okay with that. Today marks our three year anniversary and I was glad that we were happy now. It was a rocky start, especially with her temper and mine, but we got past it to be happy. "Paul! We have to leave now. Everyone's already over at Ray's." Bella yelled to me. "Alright, I'm comin' woman, hold your damn horses." I said as I pulled on my pants. I walked down the stairs of our new home and saw Bella standing there with our son wrapped up in her arms. I walked over to them and placed a kiss on his head. I looked up and smiled to her. She gave me a beaming smile and leaned up to kiss my lips. "Now come on. We've gotta go. Ray said that if we are the last one's there, you have to grill." She said smirking. Oh, hell, no. I hate grilling for everyone. They're so damn picky. I laughed as we took off toward the car. This was my life and it was a miraculous situation. The End