boy who sat nearby. Turning back to watch the kids outside, neither one of us said anything for a long time until he finally broke the silence, his soft voice causing me to flinch at the sudden sound. "What's your name?" he asked, his eyes dancing across my face, studying my features. "Bella," I whispered, shy from his watchful gaze. "Where are your flowers?" he murmured, his green eyes breaking away from my face to glance down at my empty hands. "They were crushed," I whispered, dejectedly, either my tone or response causing him to glance away from my hands to study my sad disposition. "I'm sorry. They were very pretty. I've never seen anything prettier." There was a long pause before he whispered, "I have." His cheeks flushed, and he dipped his head slightly, avoiding my gaze. My forehead furrowed in confusion as I analyzed his words, the insinuation behind them slowly seeping in. My mouth opened and closed a few times, attempting an intelligent response but finding none. I felt my face flame up as well, for no boy ever called me pretty, not even Mike Newton who had a crush on me since kindergarten. "You, um, you didn't give my sister any flowers," I accused, shifting in my seat, trying to steer the conversation in another direction, any direction away from my embarrassment. "I didn't know you had sister," he confessed quietly, glancing back up at me. "Carlisle only mentioned you, but that doesn't matter. Even if I brought two bunches, I'd given them both to you." My cheeks flamed even harder at his words and I sputtered, "Why...why are you saying things like that?" "Because it's true. Am I...offending you?" he asked softly, reaching up to rub his forehead. His fingers found their way into his tangled hair. He pushed the strands away from his forehead, but they fell stubbornly back in place. "No, you're not...offending me," I responded, chewing on one corner of my mouth at his words. I'd never heard anyone my own age speak the way he did or be as openly honest with his own thoughts. "But you can't say stuff like that to me. We can't be friends. Our families hate each other." "I know they do," he said, his voice taking sharp tone as his eyes narrowed upon me. "Both of our fathers are dead because of their stupid feud. Your father murdered my father." I opened my mouth to argue, Aro's confession running through my mind, but my mouth suddenly snapped shut as I remembered the promise I made to him. His was a secret I promised to keep, but not being able to defend my father against Edward's words nearly killed me. I didn't want him to think my father was the one who ended his life. My father wasn't perfect. He made mistakes, many of which I witnessed through the years, but he was no murderer. Tears sprung to my eyes and I brushed them away stubbornly, glancing down at my lap. "Please don't cry. I didn't mean to make you cry," he whispered worriedly, standing up from his place near the window. Edward slowly approached me, pulling out a chair beside me and sitting next to me at the table. Sniffing, I took a deep breath, inwardly willing myself to stop crying in front of this boy. He reached out, touching my bare hand that rested on the table. A strange, warm sensation flowed between us at his touch, and we both stared at one another in surprise before we both gazed down at Edward's hand resting lightly on my own. "Do you know why they call my daddy a king?" I asked him as his fingers rubbed the back of my hand, sending warm tingles up my arm. "You don't know?" he asked, sounding surprised. I shook my head, staring down at the table instead of meeting his eyes. "He wasn't a king like you're probably thinking. He was a kingpin . That means..." He was interrupted by a sudden, angry voice. "Isabella!" the voice snapped, and I yelped out in shock. Edward snatched his hand away from mine and we both stood from the table, the metal chairs making loud, scratching sounds as the motion pushed them away from our bodies. We stared guilty at Aro and Carlisle who stood peering at us through the doorway, identical horrified looks on their faces. "Edward, don't touch that girl," Carlisle whispered, his face slightly ashen. "Swan girls are nothing but trouble. She'll be the death of you." Edward cast me one last somber glance before pressing himself past a glowering Aro to meet his uncle just outside the door. They disappeared and Aro entered the room, grabbing my arm and yanking it viciously. I gasped, my head jerking at the action. "Stay away from him, Isabella Swan," my uncle warned. "Do you understand me? I swear on your father's grave if I ever find you mixed up with a Cullen boy, I'll kill you myself. Is that clear?" "Yes...yes, sir," I ground out between gritted teeth. His strong fingers dug into my bony arm as he squeezed and shook it, emphasizing the seriousness of his words. Dropping my arm after one final squeeze, he left the room, shaking his head and muttering to himself as he went. I stayed in the classroom a long time, remembering the feeling of the boy's fingers against my hand, wondering if I'd ever meet him again. Little did I know that we would, in fact, meet again and our worlds would come crashing down around us, because we were caught in the middle of our family's war...a dirty south drug war. Beta'd by AliCat0623 . I'm not only happy to call her my Beta, Ruzzle and texting buddy, but also my friend :) Shout out to Cheech83 for pre-reading the first few chapters. I love you my Yankee BFF :) All story banners can be found on my FB page.