seen on his beautiful face yet. "MY PUSSY! ONLY MINE!" with that Edward dived into my folds parting them with his tongue and my breath hitched as he licked, nibbled and sucked me within an inch of my sexual life; my hands pulled on his soft hair grinding my clit into his mouth. I thought I'd die when he inserted two of his luxuriously long fingers into me and started to strum me like a damn guitar. "Mmm so close Edward!" he growled a deep guttural moan and removed his fingers and I whimpered at the loss...I was so close. He replaced it with a third finger and I knew I'd died and gone to heaven. He curled his talented fingers into that warm spongy place inside my pussy, while sucking on my clit with such pressure I was sure he'd suck my whole body in his sweet mouth. My legs shook with the coming pleasure. I could feel my pulse echoing through my entire body in anticipation. "Let go Bella, NOW!" he demanded and I obeyed. "FUUCCKK YESSS!" I screamed at the ceiling as the tight coil in my stomach exploded in pure bliss. I felt Edward lapping up my juices and I couldn't help the lazy grin that slid across my face. I felt Edwards hands creeping back up towards my tits. I was still starry-eyed from riding my orgasm out to the end.' And what a ride it was!' His hands started to again play with them successfully getting me all riled up again. I didn't think I'd survive round two but I wasn't about to back out now. I felt up his slim but defined abs and his strong arms thinking I could live under him forever. He grinned that sexy half crooked smile at me and I think I came again. His eyes got darker as he roared "Mine!" into my hair. And started rubbing his rock hard cock on my extremely sensitive clit making me scream out in pleasurable pain. Edwards' POV Her arousal was all over the room. It was the sweetest perfume I'd ever smelled. It was intoxicating me as I was already struggling not to kill her with the beast that wanted to claim her. But I couldn't, not yet she was too fragile so I held back. She was absolutely perfect, with her hair fanning out in waves over the pillows, creating the illusion of a dark sea, and her mouth still in a perfect "O". Her taste was like nothing I've had before. I bucked my hips into her non to gently and when she moaned, it went straight to my cock. It was so hard, it was painful, I need to be in Bella. ' MY BELLA!' I lowered my face to hers sucking on her red plump bottom lip begging for entrance and she opened for me. I rubbed my head against her slick folds until I couldn't hold back anymore and plunged in deeply to her tight wet cunt. "UGHHH Shittt" I moaned into her mouth as she gasped "So WET, and TIGHT! ALL MINE!" Bellas' POV Edward was big and it took me a moment to catch a rhythm with him because of the pain I'd initially felt. But once the fleeting feeling was gone I rolled my hips to meet his thrust like a champ! "I love your cock Edward! More...mmm...Faster...please." What the fuck!? Why can't I stop!? Mmm. But he feels so good!' My mind and my body battled, Edwards' POV Fuck that was hot! ' How could I deny my Bella anything,' I thought as I speed up but still kept control. "Deeper! ahh, fuck yes!" Bella screamed as she had her tongue out of her mouth, sexily licking her swollen lips, I couldn't help thinking she looked like a bitch in heat. "MY BITCH!" I screamed as I came in and out of her tight, wet, pussy feeling a forever tightening coil in my stomach. "I need your cock in me! Only you Edward!" She said in pants. "Only me!" I started thrusting harder into her warm folds. "MINE!" thrust "MINE!" thrust "MINE!" thrust. Bella was tightening on my cock, that was sheathed so deep in her I was starting to wonder if I was hurting her. I looked down to her red-tinted, sheen-ed skin and then down to her dark chocolate eyes. I seen the same amount of lust I'd had if not more. She grabbed the back of my neck and tried to pull me down into a kiss. "Oh no. I control this" I said as I grabbed her offending hand and locked it down above her still keeping a ragged pace, as I crashed into her over and over. I couldn't hold out much longer and Bella was tightening around me by the second and I knew she was close. I slid my hand down and started rubbing circles into her clit. My fangs dropped and I let them sink into her beautiful porcelain neck, and ecstasy poured throughout the room. "Ahh Eddwwaarrd! Doonn'tt STOPPP YESSS!" "Cum for me Bella!" "Fuck Mee! Yess, Goood Cock!" she panted out in screams as she creamed and milked my cock for all it was worth. I was right behind her with my own release as I ground my cock into her pretty pussy "Fuck!" I said as I pulled my fangs out."BELLLAAA YESS! MY PUSSY! MINE,MINE,MINE,MINE,MINE!" I yelled in grunts as I coated her walls with thick ropes of my cum and scented venom. She smiled and I pulled out of her. Taking her face gently to mine and rubbing our cheeks together "Mine" I said and licked her face continuing to rub. Everyone needs to know she is MINE . "Yours." she whispered as she fell asleep with a smile. A/N: Thank you for reading! It is my first fanfic. So tell me how you loved it! Tell me how you hated it! I accept it all. Thanks again!