riding lawn mower. "You mention money problems a couple of times, and she becomes the born again virgin. You're probably so backed up, I'm surprised you didn't blow your load when that chick touched your jock today." Jasper turns the key and the mower comes to life. He does a trial run, shredding his forgotten cigarette all over the lawn. Something's changed, because I can't find it within myself to care. Smirking in satisfaction, he parks the mower next to me and cuts the engine. "She had a tattoo, here." I point to the back of my hand. "Pink with an 'S' in the middle. Is that enough of a clue for ya, Detective Jasper Cullen?" Jasper's face brightens. "As a matter of fact, it is, Defective Edward Cullen. Run inside. Tell the wives we're running to grab a beer. And change your clothes, for God's sake. We're going out to meet some hoes." The 'S' on Perky's hand isn't a tattoo after all. Jasper fills me in on the drive through a part of Seattle I've never been to before. Seedy. Dark. Half-dressed women pilfering the sidewalks. Pimps standing in dark doorways. Abandoned buildings deteriorating on every corner, one of which stands out apart from the others. Alight. Pinks and blues and purple lights streaming through holes in the cardboard plastered over the broken windows. A beefy black man stands guard at the door, checking Id's and collecting cash. Standing in line, I feel like I need a tetanus shot to walk through the door, and maybe an HIV test upon leaving. Nevertheless, I hand him my driver's license and give him a dumb smile. His stern face never changes. He passes it back without even a customary glance at the piece of plastic. He stamps my hand. A pink circle with a curved 'S' in the middle. "I'm gonna get fucked tonight," Jasper chants. Fucking around doesn't bother him. Doesn't bother his wife either. They've got that kind of marriage, the one people claim doesn't really work, but it does. Or it has so far. Jasper clamps his hand on my shoulder, giving it a good squeeze. "And so is my big brother." I almost argue with him. I'm married. She's a kid. I don't know her. She's probably not even here. But what's the point? I'm here after all, which means something is about to go down, unless I puss out. Highly likely. A once strong man diluted into a shriveling, overworked, depressed nothing. Maybe I'll find my backbone somewhere in this crackhouse. If I felt self-conscious about my age, I don't feel it now. People from twenty-one to anywhere in their elder years party around us. There's an old crackhead sitting on the edge of the makeshift stage, his bare feet dangling over the edge. A faded cap announcing his veteranship from Vietnam is perched proudly on his head. He sips from a brown paper bag and holds the bag up in salutation when he notices my nosey gaze. I avert my eyes. "They move the party to different locations every Friday and Saturday night," Jasper yells over the blast of music. "They pay the homeless people part of their profits for letting them use their space." "Why don't they buy their own space and have a legit business?" Jasper smiles a secret smile, leaning into my ear. "Because they're not a legit business. Climb the stairs to the second floor. People'll be having sex everywhere you look, exchanging cash. Snorting coke. This is the place you go when you wanna be someone other than yourself. Bankers, lawyers, CEOs, bums, teenagers with fake IDs, college kids, they're all here. They all wanna be someone else for tonight, and what they want isn't always legal." In one corner of the room, I spot her. The light from the stage dances across her face. Her lips are attached to the blonde girl from earlier this morning. Their kiss is passionate: hands in hair, Blondie's backed against the wall. "That's her? The brunette." "Yeah." Jasper blows out a deep breath. "I'd tell ya to go talk to her, but hell, I don't wanna interrupt the show." I don't agree with him. Watching the two girls get it on doesn't do anything but piss me off. My fantasy girl stands a couple of yards away and I'm rendered still and speechless, the same way I do when I get another bill in the mail for Angie's credit cards, or when I've worked a sixteen hour day to come home to no food in the fridge. Angie curled up asleep in bed. Laundry piled up for days in the laundry room. Fast food receipts littering the bar in the kitchen. I hate my life. Nothing I do from this moment on will make it worse. Jasper's voice fades away with each step I take. I cross the room and pry the breathless girls apart. Blondie yells, an open palm in the air ready to strike. I grab her wrist, and suddenly she's the one rendered still. She's not so different from Angie. Tall and commanding. Past the glitter and makeup, she's a spoiled rich girl who didn't get enough attention from her daddy. She stares at me in awe, fear in her eyes. Perky touches my arm. I grab her hand. She's wearing that damn red lipstick. "Let's go." "Where?" Her voice is raw sex. Raspier than today. I push her against the wall, touch my lips to hers. Her tongue darts out and I suck it into my mouth: one fantasy fulfilled. She doesn't taste like sugar or strawberries or any of that other shit I've dreamed about all day. She takes like cheap wine and lipstick. She tastes like an easy sin. After another deep kiss, I shove her thin shirt up over her tits, anxious to see. Cupping them in my hands, I groan, pressing myself into her, my fingers exploring her nipples. "Anywhere. I'll follow you anywhere."