looked back with a growing smile that suggested she was pleased with herself. A few seconds later she broke the silence. "So, I'm guessing you weren't quite so angry with me after all?" Jacob gave no indication that he heard the question that was put to him. His mind was adrift in the passion of the moment. It felt to him as if he was no longer in control of his thoughts. All that he knew for sure was that a feeling had welled up inside of him that had an overwhelming need to come out. With a look of puzzlement, he stared into Nessie's eyes for several seconds more. A hint of a smile took shape on the ends of his lips. Another inhale of air followed and then came a soft exhale carrying the sound of his words. "I love you, Nessie." The playful expression on Nessie's face dissolved away. A second later she looked away as if embarrassed by Jacob's confession. She then scrambled to get out from beneath him. Jacob gave way to this effort almost immediately. "What's wrong?" Jacob questioned with an inflection of surprise. "Nothing," Nessie responded as she hurried to redress herself. Nessie's response was an obvious lie. Jacob's confession had unnerved her far more than she ever expected it would. She knew the extent of his feelings for her and that these feelings were fixed due to the imprinting. What had rattled her so much by this confession was the absence of the pretense of simple friendly affection. She knew that Jacob wanted his feelings returned. She knew that he wanted to hear the words. Nessie had spent the latter half of her senior year of high school brooding over the love she wanted, but was denied. After having her affections rejected by Sean Bowden, she went through the remainder of the school year with little regard for any males of her acquaintance. She regularly discouraged the advances of both boys and men with a scowl or a roll of her eyes, and she seldom showed any regards for their feelings. It was not until after her graduation that her interests in the opposite sex renewed. The end of her near daily encounters with Sean, and the looming prospect of meeting a large number of new young men re-excited her appetite for the male sex. Nessie enthusiastically set off for the University of California, Berkeley, in the fall of the year just past. She was hungry for adventure and saw college as the first step to into an exciting new era of her life. She relished the freedom that her vampire relations enjoyed and felt restricted from this by her adolescent status. At Berkeley she felt like an adult and she was eager to take this new designation out for a spin. She freely mingled among the campus student body, making many new friends in the process. She stayed out late, sometimes throughout the night. She experimented with intoxicants. Most were legal. Some were not. She partied frequently and explored her sexuality with a growing fervor. For the first time in Nessie's life, boundaries were hers for the setting. Over the course of her freshman year she had a dozen suitors for her affections and five times that many admirers from afar. The wide selection of choices gave her no reason to rush into a commitment, not that she was interested in being in one. Nessie was free and she wanted to remain that way, at least for the near future. The absence of Jacob did much to make Nessie's freshman year an enjoyable one, for the most part. Since her rebuke of his attentions half way through her senior year of high school, she had seen and heard little of him. This provided for her the illusion that all was well with Jacob. It was only when she took the time to stop and think about him that she became concerned about his wellbeing. These reflections, at first, were rare and infrequent. It was not until the final month of her freshman year of college that she came to realize that any man she entertained having a prolonged relationship with was being measured against Jacob in the back of her mind, and all were being penalized with rejection for coming up short. Nessie knew this to be an irrational assessment and suspected it was due to some feelings of guilt about how she left things between them. By the end of the school year she had reconciled within herself that she would entertain her attraction to Jacob without making any commitment to him. This will be enough for him, I'm sure. I love Jacob. I will always love him. But I cannot give him all of my tomorrows. He'll know that. He'll understand that. Subconsciously, Nessie knew that this was just a hopeful rationalization. "Why are you running away if nothing is wrong?" Jacob queried after climbing to his feet. "You're spoiling it," Nessie responded as she continued to hastily clothe herself. "What, Nessie?" Jacob returned in an exasperated tone. "What am I spoiling?" Jacob stood with his hands on his hips, towering above Nessie as she stooped to tie her shoes. She vigorously tied one after the other while deliberately choosing not to look at Jacob's nude person. "Are we running or not?" Nessie asked with a huff after standing up to look Jacob in the eyes. He, in turn, had no response to this inquiry. Jacob suspected, with some annoyance, what the answer to his question was. He was all the more angered by the fact that she would not satisfy him with it. After several seconds of silence, Nessie reached down and gathered Jacob's shorts and shirt into her hands. She erected herself again, gave Jacob a last look of disapproval and then sprinted away into the forest. Jacob stood there for a dozen seconds more, sulking, before phasing into his wolf form and sprinting off behind her.