be the one apologising. "For leaving you today. I should have been the one to stay behind and protect you and Emily, not Paul." His tone was harsh and I cringed as he spat his wolfen brother's name. "No, no, Jake…" I tried to reassure him that it didn't matter; I didn't want the pack fighting amongst themselves over me. "No, Bella, hear me out. Sam called me to go and help cuz I'm the second in command, but as soon as I got there her scent was gone. It just vanished. It was a wasted effort. And I had to waste time I could have spent with you." I didn't like how he'd said that last line. But he wasn't done. "And you wasted your afternoon waiting for me. I'm so sorry, Bella." I knew what had to come next. It was time. "Um, Jake… Maybe your afternoon wasn't wasted." He turned to face me with such a puzzled expression, and then it turned to one of realization and then, finally, anger. "Bella, if you tell me that she's here right now or was here this afternoon and you let her leave I am going to kill you." He took a step towards me as if he was really going to go through with his threat. "Jake, Jake, wait!" I put up my hands defensively in front of my face. "I don't know if she's here or not, or if it's even her. I was too scared." "Where is she?" He was shaking. I didn't want him to phase here, in the house, or anywhere near Charlie. I started to walk toward the stairs, too afraid to speak. We ascended the stairs quickly, and I was praying that, if she had been there, she was gone. Jake threw open my door but, miraculously, it didn't make a banging sound as it bounced off the wall. He turned the lights on and I gasped. Lying on my bed was a tiny girl, maybe smaller than Alice even, with flaming red hair. Her body rose and fell in a steady pattern as if she was asleep. "Victoria…" I breathed her name. She shifted slightly, and I held my breath afraid that she'd heard me, but remain lying there. Jake walked over to the bed, his stance was that of Paul just before he got into a fight, and walked around to the side by the window. "The bitch! I'm our searching for her all afternoon and she's here sleeping." "Sleeping?" I exhaled. I took a couple slow steps forward. "Vampires can't sleep." "Well this one can." Jake looked more annoyed then angry. "Honestly, Bella, you should have told me right away." "I didn't know for sure." I said, but I was lying. Jake could tell, too. "Jake…" I didn't know how to phrase my next thought. "I'm staying here tonight." He said it so firmly there was no room for argument. "I'm not letting you stay alone in a room with a blood sucker, especially that one!" "Jake, she hasn't hurt anyone." I couldn't understand why I was defending her, but I was. "She at least called before she came!" I gasped and covered my mouth. "What did you say?" Jake walked over to me and stood over me with a menacing look on his face. "Jake, Jake, don't! Don't do this!" I started backing up until I was against the door. "She called you?" I nodded deftly. "What did she say?" I couldn't find my voice. I gasped and sputtered for several moments before I was finally able to answer his question. "She didn't say anything. The time of the call was about three thirty. I was with you, no one was home. She didn't leave a message. She came knowing no one was home. Maybe she's not here to kill me…" I didn't honestly believe my own words but I hoped he would. "So she just came here to get killed? That's what you are trying to tell me!" Jake turned around and walked back over to the bed. The way he stood, looming over her, reminded me of how Edward used to stand over me as I slept. He leant down and slid his arms around Victoria's sleeping form. "I'll take care of this now." "Put her down!" I was surprised at the force in my voice. I walked right up to Jacob, took Victoria out of his arms, and smacked him right across the face. I gently laid the tiny girl back on my bed, off to one side. "Bella…" "Don't even talk to me!" I sat on the bed next to the red haired vampire and proceeded to pull her bangs out of her face. "Jacob, she is mine. Do you understand me?" I looked at him, right in the eyes with cold calculation. "What are you going to do? You can't stop me!" The look on my face told him he was screwed. I reached for the phone on my night stand and dialed a number. "Bella, what are you doing?" I listened to the buzz as I waited for the receiver to pick up. "Hello?" Came the response of the very confused alpha wolf. "Sam, I need to make a deal with you." "Bella, don't do this." Jacob reached for the phone and I refused. "Bella? What is it? Have you found her?" Sam's questions came all at one. "Yes. Sam, give me til tomorrow." I said it very flatly. "I don't know about this, Bella. Is Jacob there?" Sam was hesitating, and I didn't like it. "He is, but that has nothing to do with it. Give me until tomorrow at noon. Then," I paused, "the whole pack can come." "Alright, Bella. See you at noon." The line went dead and I placed the phone back on its stand. "Bella, what are you doing?" Jacob asked me. I could hear the fear in his voice. "Have you ever heard of a group imprint?"