I realise he hasn't said anything back to me, he is just staring. And staring. I start to worry that there is something on my face. I have to get out of here. He seems to snap out of some sort of trance. "Pardon?" "I said I'm sorry to disturb you. I just dropped in to leave Jasper a note. I should be getting back." I don't give him a chance to respond, I quickly march out of the office and scuttle away as fast as my legs can carry me. Once back in my office, I finish my work, clear my desk and prepare to go home. I'm just signing out of the computer and waiting for it to shut down when there's another knock on the door. It opens and someone clears their throat. "Ahem." I look round and see Jasper leaning against the doorframe. And then I see he's not alone. Damn damn damn . Sleeping Beauty is standing next to him. "I hear you had a bit of a fright earlier. Edward here wanted to apologize for frightening you, although he says you gave him quite a shock with your colourful swear words." Jasper is grinning his head off. Bastard. "Sorry, I hurt my toe." I mumble, suddenly finding the pattern on the office carpet very interesting. "I didn't mean to disturb you. I didn't know you were there." Sleeping Beauty aka Edward extends his hand to me, smiling. "Nothing to apologize for, we were only teasing. Jasper and I go way back. Sorry I haven't introduced myself, I'm Edward Cullen. Jasper tells me your name is Bella?" "Umm, yes." I take his hand. When I feel his warm, firm handshake I suddenly get a tingle shooting through my fingertips and up my arm like an electric shock. We both recoil, startled. "Sorry, must be static." I mumble. This is beyond mortification. Edward seems to have recovered, and is again watching me, with a crooked smirk on his face. "Edward's been travelling." Jasper explains. "He only flew in this morning. That's why he was catching up on some sleep earlier. We're going out for drinks later, fancy joining us?" "Umm, I'd love to but I really have to get back." I mumble, gathering up my things. I really need to get out of here, my heart is racing and I can feel a cold sweat coming on. "Next time Swan." Jasper folds his arms and gives me his mock-stern look. "We will drag you out if we have to." "Okay, okay." I hold up my hands in mock defeat. I smile at Jasper and say my goodbyes. He reminds me that he still needs me tomorrow and I head for the door. I walk briskly, mercifully making it past reception without being spotted by Jessica. Once in my car, I take a deep breath and try to calm down. What the hell was that? I can't remember the last time a man affected me like that. Bar the occasional drunken fumble on a rare night out, I've successfully avoided any potential romantic interludes. Not without good reason, the breakup with He Who Must Not Be Spoken Of was too horrible and painful for words. I calm myself, put some loud music on the stereo, and head for home. All goes well on the trip home and I'm soon in the sanctuary of my cottage. Off with the office clothes and into my riding gear. It's still light, which means I have time to put in some work on one of my horses. I dash over to the yard to get started. I'm lucky enough to have two competition horses. One is called Charlie's Darling, we call him Charlie for short. My father thinks it's hilarious that he shares his name with a horse! Charlie is an older, established eventer that was handed down by a friend to help me get started. Unfortunately he's having tendon trouble so is confined to box rest. I check on him, and despite being a bit bored he seems in good spirits. Then it's off to the paddock to catch my youngster. I bought him as a foal, so had the joy of naming him myself. So I chose Just Fork It, after the little village of Forks where my Dad still lives. As it's a bit of a mouthful we just call him Freddie at home. He's very keen but really headstrong and an hour or so of working with him is just what I need, I can try to push the embarrassing encounter earlier from my mind. There isn't enough daylight left to be able to go out for a long ride so we head to one of the paddocks for some schooling. An hour or so later, I'm sweaty, tired and very much in need of a drink. So I head to Rose's kitchen. We often share a bottle of wine once her kids are in bed, which they should be fairly soon. I give my usual tap on the door and call out as I enter ... "Hey Rose, I really need a drink. You won't believe the day I've had..." I freeze in my tracks. Standing in the kitchen, nursing cups of tea are Jasper, and, because the universe clearly hates me, Edward. Immediately I realise I'm sweaty, red faced and probably smelling more than a little of horse. I wonder if it's really possible to die of embarrassment? I knew today was going to be a bad day... A/N Some important messages: Thank you to everyone who supported and encouraged me to post this story. Big thanks to my prereaders annetteinoz, sscana and afoolishmortal. Also thanks to cosmogirl7481 and quietruby for giving me a kick up the arse to start writing. Even bigger thanks to EMCxo, beta and hand-holder of awesomeness. This should update weekly, but I do have two small children so sometimes RL will get in the way. See you next week…I hope