maybe that's what I am: bored with this existence. Bored with being Rosalie Hale's boyfriend and nothing else. Bored of being her eternally hard dick and drag-along boy. "I'm not going to Gainesville. Not in a few weeks to look for an apartment, and not for the fall semester." Rose smiles and it's one of those placating, grandmotherly type smiles, the kind you give a kid when he says something dumb, but he's so fucking cute in his innocent ignorance that you can't help but give a pitying grin. "You're in one of those moods again. One of those weird moods you get in sometimes." She places a hand on knee. Her long, pink nails tickle the hairs on my leg. "One of those weird moods I get in since last summer ," I say, pressing her to press me, but she doesn't. Tapping her nails on my leg, a thoughtful expression flits across her face. "This is my fault, I've been too intense." She bites her bottom lip, sucking the succulence between her teeth. "I've been talking it up for so long. You're tired of hearing about it, huh? That's why you're looking at other colleges." She scratches my leg with those nails, and it feels the way it always does: torturous and nice. "You don't listen. You never listen." Rose blinks, and stares at me as though seeing me for the first time. "You think I don't listen? I do. I listen and I see. I know about last summer, you know. I know about you and that girl." The strum of my heart beats in overtime, killing that dead vibe. "You know about Tanya?" "Was that her name? Tanya?" Rose says the word like a romantic poem. "Yeah, Ang Webber saw the two of you down at the dunes." "And you never said anything?" Shrugging, she looks away, right at the orange gator-head symbol mounted on the wall. "You got it out of your system, right?" Dragging in a deep breath, it comes out more like a frustrated groan. "You think I hooked up with Tanya?" "Does it matter?" Those blue eyes of her blink out, and I don't even know this girl anymore. No, I never knew this girl. Still, I touch her chin, turning her face to look at mine. "Tanya's my sister. My biological sister. She contacted me last year, and we met up." "Oh." That blank expression doesn't change. There's no relief, no questions. Her eyes shift from mine and down to my lap. Her fingers creep from my knee and underneath my shorts. I showered after my earlier run. Showered and changed clothes, and if it's up to her I'll be out of these clothes again soon, because that's what she does: avoids conflict and conversations by tempting me with her touch, with her mouth. Tonight's different. Placing my hand over hers, I stop her sexual pursuit. "Rose, I'm running out of reasons why we should be together." "We've been together since we were sophomores," she says, as though this excuses everything always left unsaid. Past Rose's shoulder, I see Kate standing in the doorway. She's shoveling colorful cereal from a bowl and into her mouth. She pauses long enough to give me a lopsided smile and flip Rose's back the bird. Milk splatters her shirt and the dark hardwood underneath her feet. She leans on the doorframe, looking entirely unconcerned with the frown I toss her way. Finally, she rolls her eyes and pulls the door almost shut. Jasper's video game noise intensifies down the hall. I close my eyes and picture the two of them: Jasper leaning forward on his gaming chair, cursing into his mic, Kate curled up on his shaggy rug near his feet, spooning the last of her cereal into her mouth. The two of them waiting on me to join them, to hear my daily complaints about my dull life. Rose pulls her hand out from under mine. "I should go, give you some time to come to your senses." She toes on her flip flops and tosses her platinum hair over one shoulder, pausing near the doorway, but not turning around. "You know I'm right," I say, softly. "Neither of us feel the way we should feel about someone we love. Hell, we've never even said the words." "Didn't think I had to say the words to show you how I felt." She grips the doorframe like a lifeline, still not looking back, and for a second I'm blinded by her words. Does this girl love me? I've always assumed she does, but she's never professed it. Does she really feel the way for me that I've so been desperate to feel for her? Rose waits. She waits for me to speak again, because that's me: the one who wants to talk his way in and out of things, the one who needs the words, not the actions. But for the first time in our relationship I'm speechless, and all I want is for her to leave. I want her to leave so I can join my siblings in the next room. I want to sit on the floor next to Kate, dodging pieces of soggy cereal she flicks my way. I want to join in on the battle Jasper's waging on the television screen, to be as mindless and numb as my brother is, the kind of guy I once was before meeting Tanya and opening my eyes to all the hurt that exists in this world. Still, she doesn't turn. She doesn't curse or scream or let out a broken sob. She doesn't beg me to change my mind. She picks up her phone from the desk beside the door and walks down the hallway, pounding my brother's door herself one last time. Preread by Jonesn. Weekly updates unless inspiration presses me to write faster. Alternating POV. Santa Nora only exists in my mind, but the Emerald Coast is very real and gorgeous!