Victoria. Alice watched for a few minutes before she heard movement and turned to see Bella enter the family room, dressed up in the Santa outfit Alice had bought for her. But that wasn't what caught Alice off guard, she'd seen and commented on that outfit already. It was the glow in Bella's warm golden eyes and the fact that she was both smiling and humming a Christmas tune that threw Alice off for a moment. "Merry Christmas, Ali!" Bella said, pulling the human into a tight, loving hug. She kissed her full on the lips, too, before pulling away, still smiling. "M-Merry Christmas," Alice repeated, shaking her surprise off. "Who are you and what did you do with my Belly-Button?" Bella rolled her eyes and poked Alice in the belly. "Nothing. It's right there, silly." "You know what I mean," Alice said, although her smile returned full force. "Not that I'm complaining or anything." "Let's just say an annoying, yet adorable elf got me into the spirit," Bella said. "Otherwise, I'd be in my room reading a book or something. But, that's not important." She glanced around at her family members and caught sight of the bag of presents. Bella cocked an eyebrow at it, but didn't make any smart remarks. She simply turned her gaze back to the loving eyes of her girlfriend. "I have something for you, Ali." "And I have something for you," Alice said. "But, perhaps we should…" She motioned toward the staircase and Bella, catching on, nodded. The two women walked hand in hand—after Alice grabbed the last present in her bag—upstairs, again to the privacy of Bella's room, soon to be Bella and Alice's room. "Me first," Bella said, and she ran to her closet, where a small, blue box was waiting for her. She grabbed it and handed it to Alice, and for once, the oftentimes grumpy vampire looked a bit sheepish as Alice began to peel the wrapping paper away. Alice gasped when she opened it. It was a necklace, a beautiful silver necklace with a small sapphire at the end, with a bow wrapped around said gem with the name 'Alice Cullen' written on it. "Oh my God, Bella…" Alice gaped at it and looked at the vampire. "Thank you. It's beautiful." "It's an heirloom," Bella admitted. My grandmother found that sapphire, and gave it to my mother as a necklace. She gave it to me when I was young, and… Now, I want to give it to you." Alice slipped the necklace over her head and Bella smiled. "It suits you." Alice kissed her. "I love it, Bella. Thanks so much." "You're welcome, Ali." Alice then handed Bella her gift. Inside was… Bella stopped when she noticed what it was. A vial of blood. She studied the vial, her eyes darkening ever so slightly, before she looked at Alice, curiosity practically written on her face. "It's jaguar blood," Alice said. "I had to jump through a few hoops to get in touch with an animal doctor that knew someone who worked with big cats, but it was worth it. I remembered you saying long ago that jaguars were one of your favorite animals, and when I remembered how you and your family tend to stay away from predators, I figured I could give this to you as a once-in-a-lifetime kind of thing." "Thank you, Alice," Bella said. "This… This is wonderful." "Drink it," Alice said. Bella frowned and glanced again at the vial of blood. Her throat burned a bit from the temptation of tasting the blood, yet she was wary of it due to Alice being with her. Her control was fine, she'd been trained with that by Esme and Carlisle, but even so… "I'm not sure," Bella said. "I'd rather savor this instead of guzzle it down in one sitting." "That's fine," Alice said. "But I want you to taste it, at the very least. See if you like it." Alice's hazel eyes did not waver despite Bella's uncertainty, and, after a moment of deliberation, she nodded and undid the top of the vial. The smell of the blood hit Bella almost instantly, and her hunger grew as if she hadn't hunted for weeks rather than a day and a half. She swallowed the venom that pooled into her mouth, and as cautiously as she could, she brought the vial to her lips. The blood was warm, and the taste was different than the herbivores Bella relegated herself to hunting. It flowed down her throat and soothed the burn, and Bella found herself moaning at the deliciousness. Unfortunately, she remembered too late that she'd wanted to savor the blood, because by the time she stopped, she'd finished the entire vial. She grimaced and lowered the now empty vial and met Alice's eyes, expecting a frown or perhaps sadness in her features. There was none. Alice was just smiling the same warm, cheerful smile. "Alice, I…" "Don't sweat it, Belly-Button," Alice said. She winked. "I have a few more, I just didn't want you to drink all of them." Bella felt relief at this and smiled again. "Thank you, Ali. That… It was an awesome gift, I won't lie. I won't forget the taste for a good long while." "Merry Christmas, Bella," Alice said, kissing her vampire. "Bah humbug," Bella said, cracking a tiny grin while her human narrowed her eyes. "I'm kidding. Merry Christmas." They kissed again. "What say we go join the others, eh?" "Sounds good to me," Alice said. "Oh, but Bella?" She hiked her shirt up to flash Bella a silver navel ring hanging from her cute innie. "Later on… I think there's a gift we can give each other, one I've been dying to get. Sound good?" She didn't wait for Bella to respond, and instead darted out of Bella's room, giggling all the while. Bella just gaped, before she slowly shook her head. Maybe Christmas isn't so bad after all . END