skin. "I've been waiting on you, though. Always wondered if it would come to this, some girl driving up the road with my kid in her arms." He pinched her thigh, making her squirm, and laughed back at her giggle. "Thought you would have shown up sooner. I almost gave up hoping." "Why did you do it?" she asked, tentative, not entirely sure she wanted to know. His fingers tensed into her side, the Thumper poking back at him from its deep-water sleep, and she heard the breath catch beneath his ribs. "They were gonna take her house. Rose's. Emmett passed away and she couldn't pay; the bank was going to seize it if I didn't do something." Edward shook his head against the pillows. "I couldn't sell off land fast enough; it would have taken months. I was a few grand short and I needed it fast." "Money?" She could barely believe that's what this was all about, coming from the guy who didn't even own a coffee pot. "Yes, money," he confirmed. "Hasn't anyone ever told you that money doesn't buy happiness?" Bella teased. "It bought this." He waved a hand in the air, the grandeur of the mountains and the fields through the window. The solid white farmhouse. The brightening bedroom. The giant bed and their little cocoon of silence. Edward cupped her closer and she could hear the smile in his voice. "Which is damn fucking close." Bella stopped digging that hole of hers the day she left the city for good. Hung up her headlamp and set aside her shovel. She felt so carefree, this moment alone in the cab of Edward's pickup, waiting for him to drive them the long two days back to Montana. It wasn't just the semi truck behind them, packed full of her old life, intended for a new one. It wasn't the flip-flop hurricane that was rolling around in her stomach every night, growing hair and nails and and bones. It wasn't the way Edward looked at her, the glint behind his eyes that made her feel as lightweight and fluttery as a preteen girl with her very first crush. Well, not all him, at least. But mostly. He looked so out of place, a cowboy amidst the concrete and asphalt, as uncomfortable as he probably felt. His shoulders were stiff, jaw clamped tight, the muscles in his arms clenched as he signed off on the truck that was loaded with her possessions. He'd wanted to move it all, one clean sweep, but Bella had discarded more than she thought she would. Let go easier than she imagined she could, the material possessions that reminded her too much of the life that came before this. The heartbreaks and the loneliness. The malaise and that tag-along melancholy. This was her fresh start, and only the most important things could accompany her. The crystal dishes with their long dead plants. The books she'd loved to near page-shedding demise. The jade figurines, wrapped in newsprint and kept safely in a box at her feet. Bella dug through her purse, her fingers closing around something small and heavy at the very bottom of the bag. Something smooth and cool and heavy. A butterfly, cut from a piece of pale pink jade. Its wings were detailed, antenna carved thin and delicate, body solid and striated. Bella rubbed it between her fingers, the only piece in her grandmother's collection that wasn't in a shade of green. The only piece given to her when she was a child. The only piece that she had carried with her for most of her life, the last year forgotten in the bottom of her bag. The door of the truck opened and Edward appeared, pulling himself into the seat with that easy grace of his, the practiced air about him that made her feel sure and steady for the first time in her life. "Ready?" Edward asked, the engine growling to life beneath them. Bella smiled, rubbing her belly which was now so big she could barely see her feet, let alone between her legs. She was sure everything was still there and Edward made certain she knew everything still worked. "Question is, are you ready for us, old man?" "You're really going there?" Edward scowled at her, his eyes narrowed and his chin pushed out and Bella laughed at him, shaking her head. Kentucky, the orange pile of fur that had been snoozing on the dashboard, woke with a stretch and a groan, showing off sharpened teeth for an instant before climbing down to make a place for himself on Edward's lap. "Take me home, old man, " Bella teased, reaching across the seat to ruffle the silvery hair at Edward's temples. Bella watched the city slip away as Edward drove, the skyscrapers giving way to subdivisions and finally wide open fields and sky, the butterfly warming between her fingers. According to Chinese folklore, the jade butterfly was a symbol of concentrated love. There was a legend of a poor young man chasing a butterfly into the garden of a mandarin. He expected to be punished for trespassing, banishment or even death, but he met and married the beautiful daughter instead. It was a story that Bella's grandmother told her when she was too young to understand. A myth with a meaning that she wouldn't understand for years to come, that sometimes, nothing was as it seemed. That sometimes, jade wasn't green; sometimes it was grey, or lavender, or pink. That sometimes, love wasn't always planned, or obvious. Sometimes it was a mistake or a stroke of fate, a stumble, that lead you to your destiny. AN: - Judge's Pick for the May to December Romance Contest - Dedicated to Hadley Hemingway. As a validator for the contest, this was the first time I wasn't able to utilize her skills this time. It was terrifying. Look Ma, no hands! Love you forever and ever and ever. XO HBM