breathing hard. "Are you okay?" I asked, carefully grabbing her chin to tilt her face up. I needed to see her eyes. "Yes, I'm okay. Daddy gave me an ultimatum. Leave you or leave home." This wasn't how I had planned asking her. Not by a long shot. But it felt like now was the moment. Now was right. I reached for her hand and slipped the ring into her fist. She opened her hand to see what I had given to her. And as a disbelieving smile began to spread across her face, I got down on one knee. "Rosie, will you marry me?" Her yes was nearly silent, but it was all I needed. I slid the ring onto her finger and bounced up to hug my fiancée and kiss the shit out of her. We raced back to my place to tell the guys. Being the awesome friends they are, they congratulated us heartily, never once bringing up Rosie's family. "Emmett," Rosie asked, "Can we get married right away? I don't want to wait and I don't want my dad to try anything to interfere." "Whatever you want, baby," was my only response. The next couple of days were a whirlwind as Bella, Alice, and Angela did everything they could to help Rosie. Bella had a vintage gown in her re-sale shop that according to Rosie fit perfectly. Angela's dad, a minister, agreed to marry us. Alice said she would take care of planning the after wedding dinner. We chose to get married on that Thursday evening, less than a week after Rosie left her home. The guys and I got ready in the main bathroom of the house as the girls took over the en suite in Edward's bedroom. We had about two hours before the ceremony when I had an overwhelming urge to see my girl and ask her something. I was halfway down the hall when my bride to be opened the door, already dressed. We spoke at the same time. "I want to try—" "I think we should try—" We looked at each other. Tears shimmered in her eyes. "You want to go see your dad?" She nodded. "Let's go then. Maybe if we ask him together…" I said. I knew this was the way she had ever planned to get married. And I wanted to give her every chance to have her family there. The eight of us crammed into two cars and drove to her parents' house. Once there, Rosie and I walked up, hand in hand to the door. We knocked, then stepped back to present a united front with our friends. Her mother and father were together when they opened the door. Her mom was half in the bag from the look of it. Her father, meanwhile, was stern as ever. "Rosalie," he said as a greeting, taking in our outfits. "Are you ready to stop this foolishness?" Hearing her indrawn breath, I took over. "Mr. Hale, I'm here with Rose to ask for your blessing. We want to be married. We love each other and want to be a family. We can do this without your permission, but we'd like your blessing. Please, say yes." "Daddy," Rose began, "please, I love him. And he loves me. Say yes and come to our wedding." "Marcus, dear," her mom began. "Boy, I've told you already. You'll never get my blessing to marry my daughter. Rosalie, if you do this, you are no longer my daughter. I've said no and no still means NO." And with that, he pulled her mom into the house and slammed the door. I looked over at Rosie, half afraid that she would go into the house with her parents. This was real. Not an empty threat. She looked incredulously at the closed door. "Why's he got to be so RUDE. Doesn't he know I'm human too?" She grabbed my hand and turned to me. "Let's go get married." I had to stop and kiss my girl. We got married that night. Just the eight of us and Mr Weber, the minister. Alice had food delivered from the local Italian place and we celebrated as a family. Even now, 10 years later, I'm the luckiest man in the world. Less than six months after we married, Sex Hair got a record deal and a spot on a tour. The girls, of course, were our groupies. Our first single to go platinum was one Ed helped me write about how Rosie and I got engaged. And now, as I watch her put our youngest to bed, I am even more in love with her today than 10 years ago. Her father still hasn't spoken to us. Which is sad because he's missing out on our awesome kids. Rosie sends her mom a Christmas card every year, with a picture of our family. "And Daddy and you got married in Uncle Eddie's garage…" my three-year-old, Lily, said in awe. She loves her "uncle" Eddie and watching us play. "Yes, we did, little one," my wife replies. "It was a beautifully, perfect day. Now, go to sleep," she says to Lily, tucking her in as I step into the room to kiss my baby girl good night. Together, we leave her room, lights low, door cracked open. "Did the others give you trouble?" she asks. "Nah," I say. "Henry was passed out already. Emma and EJ were almost asleep before I shut their doors." Henry was our 7 year old, while Emma and EJ were our 5 year old twins. "That's good," she hums as she pulls me to our room. "Happy anniversary," she whispers, leaning in for a kiss. "To my beautiful Rosie," I answer, grabbing the remote to the sound system. Our song came on, playing softly. "Would you trade it?" I ask, something I haven't asked in a while. "No," she says, laying her head on my shoulder as we dance, "I would marry you anyway."