me, 'Marie Scott.' Well at least it's not Fiona. Not long after I'd sat down the rest of the class began to slowly filter in and fill the empty seats. Marie was one of the first in after me, taking her seat whilst sending a nod and a smile my way. "Hey." She said. To avoid coming off as rude I nodded back and returned her greeting with a 'hello' of my own. Apparently my response was enough for her to open up. The questions began almost immediately, "So we didn't ask you before, where did you move here from?" The question was one I was sure would be asked so my answer was well prepared, "I moved from Alaska, but I was born in Oxford in England, hence the accent." A smile accompanied my reply as fond memories of my childhood came to mind. "Why did you move from England?" "My dad works for the government and was offered a job over here with better pay, since we came over they just kept relocating him." "What about your mom? Does she like moving all the time? I know I would find that really annoying having to move home constantly." My smile slid off my face. "She-she died quite a while ago actually." So had my father but the back story was a necessity unfortunately. Marie mood sobered rapidly at my declaration, "I'm so sorry! I didn't know, if I did I wouldn't have-" I cut her off, "It's alright really, I got over it a while ago, and it's just a bit of a touchy subject still." It wasn't a complete lie, I had kind of gotten over her death, just not totally. Out of all my family I was closest to my mother. That was when the teacher decided to turn around and start the lesson, sparing me from any more painful questions that would follow. The rest of the lesson went on without too many problems on my part; Marie helped me with the areas I had issues with and her explanations actually sort of made sense in my head. "So do you want to sit with my group at lunch?" I know Fiona will be here but other than her the others are pretty normal." I hadn't really thought about where I was going to sit, other than James offer this morning. "Alright, I'll sit with you." I smiled at her as a thanks and we started walking in the direction of the canteen. Much like the rest of the school the canteen was painted a dull grey and was full of students talking and laughing with their friends. Curiosity struck when my highly sensitive nose picked up the same sweet smell from before, only it was far more concentrated in here. The smell didn't match with any of the food being served so I ruled that out. It wasn't the kind of thing humans tended to smell of either. Where is that smell coming from? Before I could look around properly Marie grabbed my arm and steered me towards an empty table and almost pushed me into a seat. "Fiona will join us soon, as will James, Harry and Ryan, have you meet any of them?" "If you're talking about James Harrison then yes, I sat with him in biology this morning. He even asked if I wanted to sit with him and his friends at lunch so I guess that worked out well." I laughed a little bit at that. Just as she was about to say something else, the chair next to me was pulled away from the table and a very happy look James sat down, "So have you forgiven me for the California comment?" Marie shot me a confused look which I ignored as I replied, "It depends on whether you say something else to shoot yourself in the foot in the next hour." He laughed, draping his arm around the back of my chair. Marie and James began talking as a glared at the arm around me, wanting nothing more than to shove it away from me. However in order to avoid spending more time that absolutely necessary in his company I told them I was going to get food and hastily rose from my seat and headed over to the queue. It's not that I didn't like him… I just didn't like his flirting. The table we sat as just so happened to be at the back of the canteen so I walked slowly to prolong the time away even more. I spent the walk scanning over the crowd of teenagers trying to find the source of the smell. I'd ruled out food, humans and was now studying the students trying to find anything out of place. A wave of sweetness assaulted my nose at that moment. I span around in time to see the doors leading outside open and a group of the most beautiful people walked in. The first was a blonde girl with the most heartbreakingly beautiful face I'd ever seen, holding onto the arm of what had to be a giant with curly black hair and a mischievous glint in his eyes. The couple that followed was equally gorgeous, the girl having long mahogany hair and the typical girl-next-door vibe, whereas the guy, standing at just over half a head taller than her, had messy bronze hair slightly longer than the giants. Much like the other their facial features appeared to be flawless. It was the last person to walk in that caused my breath to halt and my heart to jump into my throat. The sun's rays, even though they didn't exist at this point in time, seemed to radiate from this girls face, making her stand out from the others. Her inky black hair seemed to highlight every one of her features, which were snow white and, again, flawless. Looking over her, something instantly clicked in my head; I knew her. My angel.