I would have said no." The waitress drops off our food, giving us a water to go along with our shakes. I let out an embarrassing moan after taking a bite. Edward's eyes do this weird buldgey thing. He clears his throat. "Why BellaBeeReviews?" he asks, curiosity lacing his tone. I finish chewing before I answer. "My mom used to always call me Miss BellaBee when I was a kid. As I was thinking of a user name, it just popped out at me, BellaBee. I added reviews hoping it would give people an indication of what my channel's about whenever they see my name." "I like it," he starts, "it really means something to you. Makes it all the more special." "Thank you," I smile. "Do you actually watch all my videos? I really thought no one but Ang knew about them." He looks like a little kid who got caught with their hand in the cookie jar, when he answers. "Yeah, I do. I felt like such a stalker watching them without you knowing but I was enthralled. Your eyes light every time you mention a new book you found or whenever you get to give a 5 star rating. You're so passionate about what you do. It's addicting." Wow, I had no idea I conveyed that. I do have a deep passion for reading. Getting lost in the words, exploring world's I can only dream about. I've been a book addict since I was a child. A real life Matilda, just without all the awesome magic. "You shouldn't feel like a stalker Edward, I put them out there for the world to see. I just didn't think anyone from Forks would ever find them. Truthfully, I was worried people wouldn't get it and think I was a loser who sits in her room talking to a camera about books." "I get it. You've actually inspired me to start making videos of my own. I haven't done it yet, but I thought about having a channel where I could play the piano," he grabs the back of his neck as if admitting this has caused him discomfort. "Edward! That is an amazing idea! If you need any help getting it started, just let me know I'd love to help!" We were finished with our burgers, half way down with our shakes when the waitress popped the check on to the table. Edward snactched it up before I could look at it. "Don't even think about offering to pay for your own food. It might not be much of a date, but it's still a date." "I told you already, it's a perfect date," I tell him, sliding my fingers across the table to grab his. He lightly squeezes my fingers, before giving me an eye crinkling smile. I really don't want this date to end. It's better than I ever imagined it to be. Edward might be the most beautiful man I've ever seen but I now know he's not on another level. He's on my level. He's already made it known he wants to go on another date. I'm going to do everything I can to hang on to him. I have this ridiculous notion that he is my soul mate. I don't even know if I believe in that stuff. But if you were to ask Alice, she'd tell me it's not ridiculous because Jasper is hers and she's known forever. Crazy girl. The waitress walks back to our table to grab the bill and money Edward is holding. I tell her I need an order to go. Charlie Swan's Usual. She laughs and walks away. My dad orders the same thing here at least twice a week for lunch, sometimes more. In my Edward haze I almost forgot to order him anything. While we're waiting for my to go order, Edward and I go back and forth from talking to staring at each other. "Why were you so scared to ask me out?" I ask him. "Because you're smart and beautiful and honest, all of the things I want in a girl. You deserve better than someone like me." "Are you kidding me? Edward, I've spent all this time thinking you were on another level from me. How could anyone deserve better than you? You're the best there is." Back to staring. "Alright Dear, here's your order. Don't worry about the bill, Charlie has tab," she chuckles. Edward and I leave her a tip and thank her before walking out the door. He ghost his fingers down my arm, grasping my hand in his. I look up and him and he's staring at me. Green eyes meet brown. I bite my lip out of habit once again. "Bella, since I've already done things a bit differently on this date, I'm going to kiss you now. I know it's supposed to be the goodbye when you kiss but I can't wait any longer," Edward tells me gruffly. My head nods in a spastic shake up and down. Edward steps closer to me, uses his thumb to free my lip from my teeth, before light cradling my head in both hands. His lips ghost over mine, causing my eyes to close. He pulls back before placing his lips on mine once more, soft yet firm. He removes a hand from my face to wrap his arm around my waist, pulling me closer to him. I wrap my arms around his neck, and kiss him back with all that I have. He makes satisfied hum in the back of his throat right before he pulls away. I open my eyes and blink up at him. His eyes are shining with pure happiness. I think I melted right here on this sidewalk in front of the diner. "Come on let's get you to your truck so I can ask you on another date officially before kissing you goodbye," he tells me with wicked smile. And that's just what happened.