right? That would be stupid, if she was. I continued to drink my water, sitting alone. The bell rang after a little while, and I stood up. I walked to the trashcans and threw out my empty water bottle followed by its cap. I paused outside the door, and leaned against the wall as a heavy sigh poured out of my mouth. I then heard one of the only voices I could recognize. The golden haired boy's. I could also make out the tiny girl's voice as she talked to him. "I know what I saw! And you were looking at her, too. If I hadn't of stopped you..." I swear, I thought I heard a growl escape her lips. "Don't scare me like that." "Nothing would have happened," he replied. They came out, and I saw just as she lifted up, pressing her lips to his. For some reason, my chest heaved. Well, he was taken. Damn. Wait… why was I mad? I wasn't interested in finding anyone here. But still… I watched as his golden hair faded. So I had zero possibility of a chance with him. I probably didn't have much to start with. I walked to my next class, the one I had changed into. History. I sauntered into the room, my lips a angry line. At least this teacher didn't introduce me to the class this time; that was a relief. I walked to the back, about to take the empty table in the back, but someone's voice made me stop. "You could sit over here, if you'd like." I instantly recognized the country twang. My head snapped up, and I looked into the mesmerizing eyes of the golden haired boy. He looked slightly uncomfortable in his seat, yet he still appeared to want me to come over. "Okay," I whispered, sitting down beside him. "I'm sorry for not introducing myself earlier today. I am Jasper… Jasper Hale," he introduced himself with a smile. I noticed his pause, before saying Hale. "I am Bella Swan. It's nice to meet you, Jasper," I replied. Jasper. What a pretty, old fashioned name. "I see you are new here. Where did you move here from?" he asked. "Phoenix." "Ah. So I guess you are not used to the cold and rain," he chuckled. "Not in the slightest," I mumbled. "Swan… isn't that the police chief's last name?" "Yeah… I am his daughter." "Oh." He looked shocked for a moment. "I didn't know he had any kids." "I am his only one. My mom left with me when I was a baby." "Oh. So why did you come back here with him, then?" he asked, his eyebrows furrowing. He sure was talkative. I appreciated it though, I already felt more comfortable here around him. But every time he sucked in a breath of air, I saw his fingers clench at his sides. "My mom… wanted to travel with her new fiancé. And she couldn't, because she had to stay with me. So, I decided to move here with my dad, so she could." "Well, that seems a little unfair." "You can't always be happy." He chuckled. "What about you?" I asked. "What about me?" "Was that your brothers and sisters you were sitting with at lunch?" I asked. "Adopted siblings. The red head was Edward, the big one is Emmett. The blonde girl was Rosalie; she is with Emmett. And then there was Alice." "…And you are with Alice." Oh man. That did not just come out of my mouth. I wanted to crawl into a hole right now, never showing my face again. "Yep…" My insides twisted. Damn. But I already knew that… why was it upsetting me now? I already knew the answer. I saw him twist away, suddenly, appearing to lean towards the window and gulp down a breath of air. I raised an eyebrow, but decided not to question him. He appeared tense and uncomfortable as he sat there while I tapped my fingers on the table. The teacher started talking then. I almost groaned as he started with wars and armies. I didn't pay attention to what specific one. Why, oh why, did it have to be the topic I am worst at? Jasper, however, would answer any time no one could. Most of the teens looked at him in shock… and I couldn't point out why. Was this the first time he said a word in class? Maybe. Or maybe they were just noticing his voice. The country drawl became more and more prominent after each word. He seemed to know every thing there is about this. I started to aimlessly doodle on my paper, giving up on paying attention. "Bella Swan?" My head snapped up to my name. "I'm sorry, what?" My cheeks flushed in embarrassment. He repeated the question, as my stomach churned. I had no idea what the answer was. My eyes were panicked, as I tried to think. Suddenly, something lightly touched my arm. I looked down, to see a piece of paper. The answer was written on it, by a tremendously neat hand writing. I quickly looked up, and said the answer. "That is correct," he mumbled, shocked. I looked up at Jasper. He smiled warmly down at me. I quickly took out my pen, and wrote thank you on the sheet of paper. The teacher continued to drone on and Jasper didn't answer anymore questions. I was kind of disappointed, really. I jumped as the bell rang. Right as it did, the door burst open and I saw Alice standing outside it. She gracefully came in, up to Jasper's side. I could have sworn she shot me a dirty look. Possessive. "Come on, Jasper. We have to get going," she cooed, pulling on his shoulder. "Oh, um… okay. Bye Bella," he nodded, as Alice pulled him from the room. I knew one thing for sure. And it was that I really didn't like Alice. Please review! :)