sensual; the embodiment of her sexuality in the form of lingerie. I leaned in, running my nose along the lace edge, breathing her in. I smoothed my hands up her sides, my thumbs brushing back and forth along the underside of her breasts, close but not touching. A soft sigh left her as I reached behind and unclasped the hooks. The satin came free and I discarded it, my gaze trained on her face. "Stop teasing and put your mouth on me," she whispered. I kissed the swell, taking my time to reach the taut nipple. I sucked it into my mouth, swirling with my tongue before I grazed it ever so gently with my teeth. That elicited the response I wanted. She gasped and arched, drawing me closer. Lifting my head, I found her mouth with mine. She moved backward on the bed until her head hit the pillows, and I settled between her thighs. I forged a trail down her body with my mouth, taking the time to admire the artwork that decorated her ribs, trailing over her hip to disappear under the waistband of her tights. She lifted her hips in silent ascent and I removed them, leaving her panties in place. Bella had other ideas. She discarded the blue satin, leaving her naked and glorious. The artwork that accentuated her beauty no longer held my attention as I ran my hands from the outside of her calves to her knees. Moving my palms inward, I smoothed along her inner thighs, following the same path with my lips. Holding her gaze, I kissed my way over her soft, supple skin, until I reached the place I wanted to put my mouth. The glint of steel nestled there made me pause. I brushed over it with a knuckle, the barbell sliding with the movement. Bella's sharp inhale evoked my curiosity. Her fingers slid into my hair, gripping gently as I continued to sweep the pad of my thumb over the tiny steel ball, applying the barest amount of pressure. Her fingers tightened and her hips came up off the bed, seeking more than I was giving. "You're driving me crazy," she groaned as I kissed the juncture of her thigh. "What's that saying? What goes around . . . ." I replaced my thumb with my tongue. I didn't stop until she came. "Come here," she demanded, half-sitting to meet me as I shifted up her body. She kissed me, groaning in frustration as she fought with the button of my jeans. She wrestled with the zipper, and together, we managed to get them off. She palmed my erection, stroking with one hand while she held onto the back of my neck with the other. "We don't have to—" I began. "I want you." The emotions she'd kept in check over the past months swimming to the surface. I hadn't misread anything. I reached blindly for the nightstand drawer, pulled it open and grabbed a foil square, thankful I'd had the foresight to be prepared. I covered her hand with mine, moving it away as I ripped open the packet and rolled the condom on. Spreading her thighs with my hips, I held myself above her. I shifted forward; my erection nestled against the soft, warm heat. We both stilled, time suspended, our labored breaths the only sound in the room. And then I pushed inside. We stayed close, my chest to hers, Bella's legs wrapped tightly around my waist. Her hands moved over my shoulders and across my back, and she pressed down when she reached my ass, trying to get me to go deeper, harder, faster. When I didn't, she bit my shoulder. "Why are you such a tease?" She slapped my ass and I pushed up on my arms, laughing. "You know what they say about payback." I circled my hips, eliciting a low moan from her. "Payback for what?" She unhooked one of her legs from around my waist and her calf moved up along my ribs, her hands splayed out on my chest. "For making me think you didn't want this." I hooked my arm under her knee and pressed forward again, giving her what she wanted. Her mouth dropped open and her eyes fluttered closed as I went deeper and thrust harder but kept up the same slow pace. The light banter was replaced with serious intensity. "I want to see you," I whispered, brushing my lips over hers. Her gaze met mine, and in it was both an apology and a longing that echoed my own. She rested her palm against my cheek, her thumb swept along the corner of my mouth. I knew then that this was different, that it was what I had been searching for. The physical act wasn't just about the desire for release, but the desire for the ultimate connection; where body and mind and soul fused and twined, becoming inseparable. We moved with and against each other, seeking pleasure, wanting to heighten each other's. I kissed her when I came. Afterward, in the peace of unconstrained silence, I lay with her tucked into my side, her head on my chest. She traced the lines of ink she'd put on my arm while I held her, wondering how my father had known. I understood now this had always been his intention, that the tattoo had been a vehicle for a much larger plan. He had seen something in Bella that would complement me; a partner I could walk through life with. While she could never fill the hole his loss had left behind, the gift of her presence in my life helped to temper the ache. I could create a new space for her in my heart, one that would be hers alone. If you're interested to see what I've been up to and what's on the horizon for me writing/publishing wise, visit my profile for links to my Helena Hunting website. Thanks for reading! ~HH