was crying about breaking my promise to my parents, or because Jake wouldn't drive me home, or because I was so fucking livid at what he had said to me. He thought I was going to have sex with him? Are. You. Fucking. Kidding. Me. I went downstairs to try and find someone who could drive me home. I wasn't going to wait for my parents; I didn't want them to see me like this. I saw a girl leaning on one of the counters holding a bottle of clear liquid in her hand. I was sure it was filled with vodka or something, but I prayed that maybe God loved me even a little bit for it to just be water. Please don't be drunk. Please don't be drunk. "Hey! Are you drunk?" Way to be blunt, Bella. "Uh, hey." She said nervously. "No, I don't drink and wouldn't start tonight anyways. I'm the designated driver, apparently." She was eying me curiously and I guessed she could tell I had been crying. God, I must look like such a prissy girl. "Sweet, do you mind driving me home?" Okay, so now the eying was getting worse. She was curious about the crying, and I guess maybe she was wondering if I was a little mentally fucked up. I didn't blame her, I would think the same. After a bit of an awkward silence, I realized that maybe I came off a bit strong. Uh, ya think? Fuck you conscience. "Sorry, let's do this again, shall we?" I sighed, pinching the bridge of my nose and taking in a deep breath and explaining everything quickly. "I'm Bella, we went to school together or I think we did. I need to get home because my so called boyfriend is a fucking idiot, and my parents are coming to get me, and I don't want them to see me like this because I'm a fucking wreck right now so you'd be the most amazing fucking person in my life if you could drive me home like, now." A little less strong? I thought so. She just stared at me in silence – I think her jaw even dropped a little. What the fuck was wrong with this girl? "Uh, that's okay." She finally answered. "I'm Jessica. Yeah, let's go, I'll drive you home." Thank God she started talking before I went apeshit on her too. We got into her car, and I silently thanked God that she wasn't a fucking slow driver. I needed to get home fast. I was trying to call both of my parents' cell phones as we were driving, but no answer. They probably left them at home trying to get to me quickly. Fuck, guilt trip. As we were just about to turn the corner to my house, the flashing lights of cop cars a few blocks ahead caught my attention. Normally, I wouldn't give a fuck about seeing the newest accident or crime in Forks – I could always read about it the next day in the paper. But this was different. For some reason, I felt pulled to it. I can't really explain why, I just was. "Jessica, can we go see what happened up there?" I asked, not even looking at her. My eyes were fixed on the scene in the distance. "I thought you had to get home? Your parents, or whatever?" I heard the annoyance in her voice, and ignored it. "Yeah, I know. But I want to check this out." I realized she had agreed when she slowly drove up the street. "Oh my God, what the hell happened? It looks like all the cops in Forks are here." She continued to ramble on and on, but I honestly couldn't even hear her. My heart was beating so hard and fast in my chest, it was the only thing that I could hear. She stopped a safe distance away, because the road had been blocked and the next thing I knew, I was out of the car and slowly walking towards the scene. I didn't know if it was the alcohol or not, but I needed to be there. As I got closer, I noticed what had happened. There was a car accident. I saw both cars more clearly as I slowly decreased the distance between myself and the wreckage. My heart stopped as I recognized the first car. Jake. His mustang was completely demolished. There were pieces of it scattered all over the road. All of his hard work on the car, completely worthless. I couldn't believe he actually got in and drove after having so much to drink. A part of me was hoping he was still alive so I could rip him apart for being such a fucking moron. That part of me slowly faded as I saw the other car. Believe it or not, it was even worse off than Jake's car. But that wasn't the worst part. It was a police cruiser. Charlie. I started running, shoving away anyone that was in my way. The next thing I knew, I was being held back by an officer, but not before I took everything in. Jake was sitting in the back of an ambulance, being treated for cuts. His eyes were locked on a point in front of him, and even from where I was it looked as if his eyes were dead. It took everything for me to let my eyes follow his gaze. I finally gave in, and it seemed as if my life was being slowed down in front of me. My eyes settled on what Jake had been staring at. Body bags. Two of them. There were a few officers surrounding them, their faces grim. One bag had been zipped shut, and an officer was zipping another one. I watched as the zipper slowly closed, but not before I saw the single most terrifying and heartbreaking sight of my life. My mother's face.