in my throat and did just that. I sat on the ground in front of him and watched as a sole tear fell from the corner of his eye. "You're probably going to want to kick my ass right now," he laughed hoarsely. I bit my lip to hold back my sob. I had to stay strong for him. "But you need to know. I'm dying, Bella." I shook my head frantically as tears fell down my face. He was wrong. He was my Jake, and he said we were invincible. He would never leave me. "It's true," he whispered somberly. "Back when we were kids, I was diagnosed with this condition that had a name I couldn't even pronounce. I'm not smart enough for that." I knew he was joking to lighten the mood, but there was nothing that could lift my spirits. I fought against my thoughts, but they fought back just as hard. I'm losing him. "I made it farther than the doctors thought, kid. You'd be so proud of me, I beat their statistics," he said somewhat happily and I couldn't do anything to lift my lips into a pleased smile. "The last few months were the worst of it, but it's almost over now. I can feel it." "Jake, please don't leave me," I cried, reaching out and gently cradling his large hand in mine. He smiled sadly. "I'll never leave you, kid. You should know that by now. I thought everything I was doing would make this easier though." "I don't understand," I replied as my eyebrows knitted together in confusion. "Of course you don't, that was the plan," he said, the smirk leaving his face as it crumbled. "When I told you I loved you, Bella, I meant it. You're everything to me, and I'm so hopelessly in love with you that it hurts." I gasped in shock as he continued. "But it would be so selfish of me to build something with you when my life was limited. I could never hurt you like that—I would never hurt you, Bells. That first day I saw you sitting under our oak tree, there was something intriguing about you, and I couldn't keep away. I still can't, but life doesn't always work in our favour, kid. I knew I couldn't change my own fate, but I wanted to help with yours. "You've grown up to be this beautiful, kind, honest, and amazing woman, and though it broke my heart to see you interested in someone else, I could never keep you from that. I've done whatever was in my power to make you happy over the years. I thought my life was over when I was diagnosed, but I was wrong, Bella. You became my life ." I was sobbing uncontrollably now, gasping for air but couldn't take my eyes off of Jake's as they glistened with unshed tears. "I practically lived for you, and I would never regret what I've done. Everything that I've done was for you, and I'm so proud of you, Bella. You have this beautiful future, waiting for you right at your fingertips," he said as another tear fell down his cheek. He let out a shaky breath and stared firmly at me. "Promise me, Bella." I knew now what the promise was. My promise to live. To let him go in peace. To not let his death be in vain. To make the most of my life. I promised it all. "I promise," I whispered. My tears had lessened as a sudden sense of peace filled me, and I watched as Jake's eyes closed sleepily before he opened them once more. "Isabella Marie Swan, I love you with every ounce of my soul. Thank you for giving me a reason to live. Thank you for being my life. Thank you for loving me." Placing a gentle kiss on his forehead, I watched as he sighed happily and his eyes drifted closed with a gentle smile on his face. His eyes never opened. -ͽͼ- Life works in strange ways. There are times where you feel that things couldn't be any worse, then moments later believe you've never been happier. There are twists and turns, ups and downs, spins and whirls. Life continuously hands us the unexpected, and we've grown accustomed to it. Nothing is set in stone, and no one can control fate. We give in to destiny and await life's instructions. However, many people like to choose their own destiny. Others, like my best friend Jake, were put on this Earth to change the destiny of others'. Jake changed mine. "Momma, momma!" I was drifted out of my thoughts as the high-pitched voice squealed in my ear, the body it came from bouncing into my lap. I looked down to see beautiful brown eyes looking back up at me. "Yes, baby?" I pushed back his tousled, copper locks from his face. Day by day he grew to look more and more like his father. "Will you read me my story?" he pleaded with an adorable pout, and I couldn't help but giggle. As soon as I nodded, he jumped from my lap and ran into his bed. Immediately settling into his regular bedtime position, he snuggled into his sheets and waited anxiously for me. I hopped in beside him, tickling him as he writhed and laughed underneath me before nestling into his side. I cleared my throat and began to recite him his nightly bedtime story. "Once upon a time, there was a young boy named Jacob." "Momma! That's my name!" he whispered in surprise, and I chuckled at his usual amazed response when I would begin his story. "It sure is, kiddo," I said, winking and tapping his nose with my finger. My son giggled and nuzzled further into me, wordlessly requesting me to continue. "Jacob was different, but in the very best way. He was friendly, caring, and had the biggest heart anyone had ever seen…"