waist where it flared out down to her knees. She paired it with her white, open-toed pumps. She had a white clutch that matched Beth's and she tossed in her own lipgloss, phone, keys, and some cash just in case. As soon as she closed it, a horn sounded from outside and she grabbed her wrap-around and Beth her shawl, and they made their way outside quickly to meet Billy, Sue, and Seth in the driveway. The white Blazer that sat there was exactly the same as it had been when Abigail was a kid. She remembered driving through the lower-density woods with it along with rides up the coast to visit different fishing spots with Billy, Jacob, Charlie, Harry, and Seth. She never minded being the only girl, and she loved fishing and hunting as much as the guys. So when she saw it there, nostalgia burst through her and she had to pause even as Beth stumbled into her. "Abi," she scolded, walking around her as Seth cranked the back window down and whistled out the window to the two women. "Lookin' good, ladies!" he called, but Abigail saw Sue scold him and he blushed, tucking himself back in the car with a quiet apology to them. Abigail laughed and climbed in the middle between Seth and Beth. While she had lived in Forks her whole life—give or take the last four years—and had driven the old highway many times, never once had she noticed the driveway. It was lit up with many strands of twinkling fairy lights to alert people to the area of the party. It was about three miles through tangled weeds and tall trees, just a one-lane path, but she whistled loudly as the trees broke and she saw the large, white house appear in a huge meadow shadowed by six large sycamore trees. It was decked out with thousands of flowers, dozens of tule-wrapped white chairs, and an arch in front of them. Off to the other side were some tables with candles and flowers on them along with a dance floor and a large table with food, including a large five-tiered cake. "This is beautiful," Abigail breathed as Sue brought the Blazer around to park amongst the other guests. A lot of people were already there and Abigail knew they would be stuck near the back, but that was fine with her. Seth was out to help Sue with Billy and his chair while the girls climbed out Beth's door, careful not to let their heels sink into the soft dirt. "I've never seen anything like it," Beth agreed as she wrapped her shawl closer to her while Abigail lifted hers around her shoulders. It was a little chilly so once Billy was in his chair, she pressed against Seth for warmth which made him laugh softly. "Should've brought a coat," he said with a grin making Abigail's eyes roll and a huff leave her lips. "Don't even start with me, boy," she warned, his laugh coming out louder. Finally their little group of five made their way towards the seating. Abigail recognized a couple of others and went over to say a quick hello to Mike Newton. His father owned Newton's Olympic Outfitters, a camping store just outside of town, and Abigail worked there all through high school, after school and during the summer—her decision, surprisingly, and not her parents'—so she knew him fairly well. She faintly remembered the ones he was with: Angela Weber, Jessica Stanley, and Eric Yorkie. Jessica kind of sized her up as she hugged Mike and she merely said her hellos before going back to join Billy, Beth, Sue, and Seth. They were nearly at the last row as they found some seats, and Seth moved one out of the way for Billy's chair. The music was quiet until exactly five o'clock on the dot and that's when they all settled into their seats, Abigail's ankles locking delicately. She kept herself pressed against Seth for warmth as it got a little bit chillier as the breeze sweapt through the large meadow, and even her wrap-around wasn't completely helping. The music wasn't the traditional wedding march, but it was a nice change. It helped her ignore the aching loneliness that suddenly kicked up inside her the longer she sat there, something she had never felt so strongly before. Blinking back waves of emotion, she ignored her stupidity and smiled as a girl who she could only assume was a bridesmaid began up the aisle. She was small and pixie-like, pale with short black hair, and she paused ever so slightly, her body seemingly locked, before she continued on as if nothing happened. A guy followed behind her, tall and very muscular with a mop of curly black hair, and a smirk on his face as he reached the alter. She noticed then the groom: pale with a shock of bronze colored hair and bright topaz eyes. As she looked between him, the bear of a man beside him, and the pixie girl who was staring at the crowd— at ME , she thought with surprise—she couldn't help a wave of familiarity sweep through her. It made no sense, she never saw them before in her life, but it was stifling. Even the groom was now looking at her, his face unreadable even though the pixie seemed...well, almost sad. Abigail smiled softly, but her attention was diverted as everyone stood up for the bride. Abigail grinned broadly at Bella's beautiful white dress and a sight she never thought she would see: Charlie in a tux. Seth started to gawff beside her, but then shut up as Abigail stomped on his foot, though she was sure it hurt her more than him. She smiled as Bella and Charlie passed, though it was clear she only had eyes for her groom. I'm so happy for her, she thought almost dreamily as she took her seat for the proceedings to begin.