was a drowning feeling, like a lifeline that her entire being was desperately trying to grab onto to stay afloat, and yet she knew as soon as she bid him ado at the door, she would sink under and she wouldn't be coming back up, not anytime soon, possibly not ever again. Could she live like that? Could she really face eternity knowing that she let something like this float out of her grasp? I have no choice, she thought sadly as they turned down Mulberry Street, the one she lived on. Her father's house was at the end, right on the corner of Park Street. It's too soon! It's too soon! her soul screamed, and yet she ignored it as she passed first the Carters, then the Bakers, and finally her neighbors, the Smiths. The house was mostly dark other than a small flicker of light in the downstairs kitchen window, telling her that her mother was probably up preparing some pastries for the morning. "Thank you, Carlisle," she said quietly and finally turned to look up at him. While she knew she shouldn't, that could be dangerous as she never wanted to stop looking, she knew she couldn't just walk away without one more glimpse. To her shock, his face was twisted a bit as if in deep pain, in agony , and yet it cleared in the split second he noticed that she was watching him. I just imagined it, she thought, as she watched him give her a small nod and a smile. "It was my pleasure, Annabelle." Say my name again, she wanted to beg. She wanted to commit the sound to memory, how it sounded rolling off his tongue. And yet she bit her own to keep from saying those words. "And it was a pleasure meeting you." "You as well, Carlisle." She smiled once more, allowing the blush to appear as he gifted her with another kiss to her hand, before giving her her bag and taking a step back. Too far away , she thought, her whole being trembling and clawing at her to close the distance in, to take him in her arms and never let him go. But she didn't. She couldn't . She gave him a small curtsy. "Goodnight." "Goodnight." He didn't move, and she knew that meant she had to, and yet she couldn't. For one more moment, her greedy eyes feasted upon him, hungry for more glances, for more kisses to her hand, for more small touches. But she had to turn, turn around and walk inside and pretend to her mother and father as if this never happened. Perhaps, if she did that long enough, she could fool herself into thinking that it didn't as well. Heart stopping, breath caught, she turned on her heel and climbed the few steps into her home. He's home , she thought, feeling her body grow more and more cold, more closer to death than she had before. When she saw him, she felt alive, she realized. It was like she was truly alive for the first time in her life and she didn't know what to make of that. But it was him, it was all him. Carlisle Cullen made her feel alive. But now she had to let him go, she had to live, and yet she wouldn't be alive. It hurt, it made her weak, and she fell against the door once she was inside. "Anna?" her mother called. Of course she heard Annabelle come in, the girl could only hope she didn't hear the exchange outside, otherwise Gwendolyn Steele was sure to tell Annabelle's father of it. But she didn't seem to be too cross as she stepped out of the kitchen, which meant that she hadn't heard them. Yet, she did point the spoon she was holding at her daughter, wagging it lightly. "Your father has been out looking for you. He was very cross when he went to bed." Annabelle looked at her feet. "I know. I am sorry, Mother." Gwendolyn sighed. "I know, dear. But you must not get him so worked up. He only does what he thinks is best for you." Annabelle resisted the urge to roll her eyes, far too tired and drained to say much else. "I know," she murmured. Finally she pushed herself off the door, her body shaking as she closed the distance and hugged Gwendolyn. "I am very tired. Goodnight, Mother." "Goodnight, Anna." She paused. "Promise me you will speak to your father in the morning." Annabelle sighed. "I shall." She nodded and gently moved passed her mother, hearing her tut as Annabelle climbed the stairs to her bedroom, which faced the street. She quickly got ready for bed and just before she laid down, she pulled the curtains back a little to peak outside. She didn't know what she was expecting, but the street was empty. She only wished she could see those topaz eyes one last time before she went to sleep. Shaking away the thoughts and feelings, promising herself that she would forget about him in the morning and chalk up all these ridiculous feelings to her stories, she blew out her lamp and settled under her covers, allowing herself one last night of dreaming of Carlisle Cullen and happiness and forever. Author's Note: I just wanted to say I'm aware I used the American Revolution as a meeting point for Carlisle and Abigail in Second Chance at Forever , but it just seems like a good place to start as it's far in the past, but not too far, and it would give Carlisle an excuse to be in America. Also, don't forget to go to Polyvore and search alysalvatore for the outfits and photos for this story! (Mostly it will be just Annabelle, but I might add some of the others in if I feel like I can get away with something good.) Anyway, thanks again for reading! Comments are love!