she'll actually listen to me. I don't want to jinx it, but that is a good sign – Mary Beth can be stubborn. As the party nears its end, my palms start to sweat. My heart beat rises, begins playing the music of the anxious. I ignore all conversation around me. I may seem rude, but I doubt anyone is paying me much attention anyway. Mary Beth is arguably my only friend (excluding Luther Hayes, if I am so bold) so I need to warn her in a way where she won't be frightened off. My warnings have never not alarmed their respective recipients, but I like to be optimistic. Before I can come up with a concrete way to gently bring the topic up, Mary Beth is thanking the last guest for coming and seeing them out. Again, I am the only one left in the room. My time has run out. Mary Beth turns to me. "Thank you for coming, Alice—" "Mary Beth, I need you to know something," I blurt before my nerves make me ill. Being cautious never has suited me, despite all the times I must be. My friend blinks at me, tilts her head in curiosity. She waits. "How much—How long have you known your fiancé?" I decide on asking. It's innocent enough. Mary Beth taps her cheek in thought. "Mmm, oh it's been quite a few months. You should know that, Alice." She laughs lightly, and starts collecting dirty dishes. I help her as I talk. "Well, marriage is just a big step to take, I'd think. I was wondering how much you knew of him." Plates drop harshly into the sink, so hard I am afraid some may have been cracked. Mary Beth pierces me with a harsh gaze. I know that look – it is suspicion. "What are you trying to say, Alice? You know I don't care for guessing games. Either tell me what you want to say or go home. The party is over." "I just want what's best for you," I reply. "You're my best friend. I care about you." There is a pause. Mary Beth asks, "And?" "And… I have a bad… feeling. About him." The silence that ensues is awkward at best – at worst: intimidating. I've been holding back any form of preternatural warnings for so long, this simple confession brings a disconcerting sense of vulnerability. The slow recognition contorting Mary Beth's face does not help ease my trepidation. I fiddle with the hem of my blouse, winding and unwinding my fingers through the ribbon. I debate whether to say something more; eventually, I do. "Oh, please, Mary Beth, postpone the wedding at least. Just a little while. Get to know him a little more – his family, his history—" "Alice." "Mary Beth, I—" "No. Do not. Don't you dare say another word. I hope for your sake that I am wrong about why you are telling me this. Please leave." I don't move. "Go, Alice." I know Mary Beth well enough to see when the conversation is over. No words of mine will break her resolve; if anything, I made her more determined to stick strongly to her engagement. So I nod, and I step out of her home. Before she closes the door behind me, I say, "See you at the wedding?" It comes out more uncertain than I wanted. Mary Beth continues scowling at me. Then she closes her eyes with a sigh, affirms with an incline of her head, and closes the door between us. OoOoOoO In spite of my appeal, Mary Beth is adamant to marry the man I foresee has some sort of problem in his life that will undoubtedly affect hers. There is nothing left I can do. Well, there is one thing. And I think about it as I wash up and change for the wedding that is today. It's something Mother taught me a long time ago: Keep my business to myself, leave others to theirs, and simply be there to support them as they fight their own battles. I can support Mary Beth. Most definitely I can. And, oh, do I hope it's enough. Mother and Cynthia attend the ceremony with me; Father has left for another week of trade. I am happy, at least, to see her colors are light and floral and matching – at least I helped her do something right. In church, Mother leads us into a pew. The benches are hard and uncomfortable. Music fills the hall and soon Mary Beth is parading down the aisle holding her father's arm and for a moment I am genuinely smiling; she looks beautiful, with her dress and the happiness that reaches her eyes. It is only when she reaches the alter that I remember her happiness will be short-lived. I find it hard to enjoy myself after that. It is hard to appreciate the exchanging of the vows when I can only picture a foreboding future for the marrying couple, so I appreciate Luther Hayes in his tuxedo instead, sat a row in front of me, four people over. I dance with him at the reception an hour later and it is the highlight of the evening; Mother quietly teases me after, but I know she likes him. Out of politeness and support, I join my family to wish Mary Beth and her new husband a happy life together. Mary Beth may or may not hear the unsaid warning behind my congratulatory words. If it makes her uneasy, she doesn't show it. It's the only time I talk to her all evening. As I watch the newlyweds drive away at the end of the night, both peering out the back window of their cab to wave at the friends and family being left behind, I whisper against the cheers, "Good luck, Mary Beth. Stay safe." Soon the cab disappears, and I wonder if I will ever see my best friend again. OoOoOoO