the smile fighting to break across my face. I blushed again when I realized I'd probably made a fool of myself with my speech. "Sorry," I sad sheepishly. "But when I'm passionate about something I do talk about it a lot. Like you said." "Don't apologize. You wanna talk, I'll listen." "O…kay," I said uncertainly. "I mean it," Jacob said. "Really." I nodded, my smile brightening. "Okay, okay." The next day I lounged in my room until around noon. I realized I was being a bad guest, so I left the confines of my room. Jacob was in the kitchen eating cereal; Billy was in the kitchen, too, standing in a bathrobe. I hadn't known he could stand at all, so it surprised me. "Sleep well?" Jacob's warm, genuine, sincere voice asked. "Yeah, when I actually went to sleep," I said lightly. I took in the size of Jacob's cereal bowl; it was three times the size of a normal one. "Not hungry, are you?" "Hey, I'm a growing man. I need food." "If you say so," I said, chuckling as I sat down. "So, what are you doing today?" "I don't know. You're the guest. You pick." "Oh, um…well…I still haven't unpacked yet, so…" I looked at the table. "But you don't have to stick around just for me." "Don't be silly, Crys. You just got back. I wanna spend a few days getting to know you again." I bit my lip, blushing. Only Jacob could make me do that. Even when we'd been younger he'd been able to do that. Only him. No one else affected me the way he did. "Okay, well, then we can get started after you eat." "Aren't you gonna eat anything?" "Not hungry." "You look starved," he said honestly. "I do not. You're just abnormally huge," I joked. "No, you really are thin," Billy said, agreeing with his son. "You should eat something." "Okay, fine," I said admitting defeat. "I'll eat something." "So, how long are you planning on staying?" Billy asked as I got up to get a bowl. "I'm not sure, exactly," I said. "I…don't really have anywhere else to go," I finished vulnerably. "Well, you can stay here as long as you want," Billy offered sincerely. "Thank you," I replied gratefully. Billy nodded and we then continued eating in companionable silence. "So, yesterday you said you needed to get away from your life," Jacob said. "Why?" He and I were in the room I was calling mine. We were using two of the drawers from the dresser for a bookcase. Getting to his question, I shrugged. "I don't know. Just…my life has changed since the last time I saw you." I wondered, if I were to tell him what I was really running from what his reaction would be. But it didn't matter because I could never tell Jacob. It was an innocence you could never get back, finding out what goes bump in the night. Jacob seemed to want further explanation, so I went on. "My life - for the past five years, anyway - has felt like it's just been…one fight after another. And I needed a break." I sighed, placing a book in the drawer. "I've just been so…lost…since -" I cut myself off. I knew he knew I'd meant my parents dying, so I didn't say it out loud. "Anyway, I wanted to try and find myself again, and so here I am." When I said I felt like I'd lost myself I meant that before my parents death I'd been happy and since then I'd sort of shut myself off. It was easier to kill vampires when I didn't feel anything. I'd become a monster who killed other monsters. Ironic, right? And honestly, why was I telling him this? It would only lead to further questions. But it was like after I started I couldn't stop, and it was okay to tell him this because he was Jacob. But that didn't make sense because I hadn't seen Jacob for five years. Then again, things were the same between me and him as they had been the last time I'd been here. Easy and comfortable. Even though I caught myself staring at him now. Jacob had stopped putting books in the drawer. "Well, you don't have to fight anymore. Not while you're here. You can have fun." Fun was a weird concept for me. It hadn't been before but it was now. "While you're here you don't have to worry about anything." I bit my lip, wincing when my teeth sank in and tore the skin away. But then I smiled a little his way. "Are you sure? I don't wanna be any trouble." I reached for a book and Jacob caught my hand in his. His skin was hot - like, burning up - but it was nice, and I didn't mention it. When he realized I was focusing on our joined hands, he froze. Maybe he was wondering if I was going to pull away. Part of me wanted to pull away - the rational part of me. The other wholly female part of me was enjoying being comforted my the big, handsome, russet-skinned male helping me put my room together. I smiled tentatively in his direction to let him know it was okay, he hadn't crossed a line. He was just being nice, telling me I wasn't any trouble. Besides…we'd held hands all the time when we were younger. Things didn't have to be different now just because we were older. Okay, so...do you like it? Hate it? Indifferent? I know most people don't like Original Characters, but I do. You can just play around with them more if they're original than if they're the ones from the book. Second thing...do I have everyone in character? Let me know what you guys think, please? Granted, I'm gonna write it anyway, but I probably won't post it, if I don't think people like it.