deal we could hope for." He shrugged and she giggled. "Don't downplay it. You could have done better than that," she teased him and he snickered. "Yeah, if my client had actually stopped putting his foot in his mouth." She thought this was funny and laughed before snuggling closer into his arms. He was always so warm. She always felt so safe and secure in his embrace, like no one could ever hurt her as long as he was with her. "Even then, you're the best at what you do. I'm sure you could have found a way." He scoffed when she said this. "Yeah with a lot of late nights at the office and I do that enough as is with my caseload. I'm just happy it got settled instead of dragging that out any further." He chortled before looking down at her. His hands stroked up her bare thigh and she moaned as he started kissing along her neck. "Now, I get to catch up on this." He moved down her body and kissed along her hip as she whimpered. His stamina truly amazed her. Of course, she had never stayed in his bed long after they had sex. Usually, it was at the end of their time together that they went at it. She would always get dressed a few minutes after cuddling with him and either leave to go home or just hang out where she wouldn't be tempted. She had missed him so much in the two weeks away from him. She just wanted to stay with him as long as she could. His hand moved to her ass and smacked it, the sound of it reverberated through the room, as she moaned, running her fingers through his hair. "We just finished having sex, Jake." She protested as he bites her hip. She gasped with surprise and he started to kiss over to her lower abdomen, running his tongue along her flesh. "Like I said, we have lost time to make up for." He ran his tongue along her bikini line and she mewled in response to the tease. She wasn't used to him being like this. He was usually wanting to get down to it. He never teased her or played with her before even just eating her out. "God, don't tease me." She pleaded and he smirked as he moved over her, easing his bratwurst into her warm, drenched center. "Oh, yeah. You don't want me to tease you?" She moaned and arched towards him as he held her legs apart. "You want to not fuck you at all?" He pulled out and thrusted back in once before she gasped, placing her hands over his. "Please, don't stop." He chuckled and started pounding away in her. She writhed beneath him, pulling at her own hair and throwing her head back and forth, side to side. He loved seeing her so out of control of her own desire. "You want me to keep going?" He asked and she nodded, bending her body forward. She watched as he fucked her, slamming himself into her over and over again, putting the needed pressure on her arousal. "Yes. Oh, yes. Fe-feeels so goood." She whispered with such desire in her voice. Her speech cracked and slurred with lust as she threw her head back, arching toward him. She whimpered, moaned, and mewled from how wonderful he felt. He released one of her legs to tease her clit with his thumb, hoping to help her along a little. She whimpered when he did this and only stopped when she heard the front door close. "Wait, stop." She pleaded with fear in her eyes and he paused his movements, tilting his head. "What's wrong?" She was about to tell him about the door when he heard a voice. "Jacob Ephraim Black, I know you are here!" He heard the voice of his mother, Sarah, call from the living room and he gasped, shock across his face. "Fuck!" He cursed himself before quickly pulling out of her. She gasped from the shock of him leaving her and watched as he jumped out of bed. He quickly put on his tightest jeans to hide his full blown erection, tucking himself into his pant leg. "Who is that?" She asked, looking around to find something to cover her nakedness, but found nothing. "It's my mom. Get up, Bella." She slowly climbed out of the bed and he snatched her hand, walking her to the bathroom. "Sorry, but none of my family knows about this and I'd prefer to keep it that way." He tried to explain his panic, but his words hurt. She had hoped he wouldn't be embarrassed of what she considered their love affair. "Oh." That was all she said as she frowned. This was a look he wasn't used to on her. She was always smiling and laughing. It was weird to see her look sad. "I'm gonna get her to leave." He vowed and she nodded, giving him a fake smile. "I'll just take a shower then." She really needed to get her arousal to go away. She wasn't used to being aroused and him being unable to take care of it. His mother's presence brought forth this issue. "Okay. I'll be back." He closed the bathroom door behind him and she groaned before looking herself in the mirror. She got herself in this mess when she agreed to be in this thing with him. She hated to call it a relationship because she knew it wasn't. She was his date for hire, an employee at best. Not his girlfriend which sucked balls. She climbed into the shower as he made his way to the bedroom door. He took a deep breath, tried to fix his hair with no success before he opened the door. There stood his mother, salt and pepper shoulder length hair that framed her face beautifully, a smile placed on her lips. "Evening, son."