perfect." She tried her hardest to make him feel good and soon he was trembling from his approaching release. "God, almost…" He trailed off when he was the brink of the abyss and he exploded into her mouth. She loved the salty taste of his climax and she cleaned him up before swallowing him. It had been so long since anything other than blood was in her stomach that she couldn't understand why her entire body filled with a powerful heat. Her hand instantly went to her stomach and felt the skin over it as she pulled her mouth back. Even the skin was warmer than her hand. She was amazed by how having his essence inside of her made her feel so….human. "Shit, honey." He said and she looked to him with heavy eyes. He could have sworn he saw her eyes flicker to the chocolate brown they used to be before they turned back to the golden eyes he always saw. "How was that?" She shook off her wonder at the change in the feeling in her stomach as he did the same to her change in eyes. "Amazing. How long have you wanted to do that?" If she was human, she would have been as red as a tomato. "Honestly?" He nodded and she giggled. "Since you first phased." He gasped loudly as he sat up, wrapping his arms around her slender waist. "Seriously?" She nodded before giving him a sweet kiss. "That's how long I have wanted you. Even though I didn't want to admit how I felt about you, I was always well aware of how much I wanted you sexually. I tried to convince myself that it was because I was an eighteen year old virgin. Once I realized how in love I was with you, I could pinpoint the exact moment when I fell for you." This sped up his heart as she moved closer to him, sitting in his lap. He held her close as he buried his face in her hair. "When was that?" She giggled a little. "At the movie theater. Do you remember?" He nodded as he smirked into her locks. "Mike had run off and was sick and we walked around the movie theater for a while before you tried to ask me on a date." He chuckled gently, a little embarrassed by Memory Lane. "When i turned you down, you said somethings to me that was what I really needed to hear and that was why I fell for you. I fell for you as the sweet boy who was fighting to win my broken heart." He removed his face from her hair before sweetly kissing her. "Do you want to know when it was I fell for you?" She giggled and nodded as she stroked his bicep. "Tell me." He chuckled gently. "It was the day you brought me the bikes." She rolled her eyes a little, figuring that it had to do with her choosing to come to him, but she was off. "I had thought you were beautiful before that and I liked hanging around you, but I didn't actually have feelings for you until that day. "I was looking over the bikes while you were sitting on your crate in the garage and we were just talking back and forth. We started talking about age relativity." She giggled. Other than how amazed she was that he could pick up those bikes with ease, that was the only part of that day she could remember with clarity. "I remember." She whispered sweetly and nuzzled his neck. He chuckled before gently rubbing her back. "You kept on trying to come up with one reason or another why you were mentally older than me and I would just throw another reason back at you why I was older. I just thought to myself, 'man, this girl is just not going to give up, is she?'" She giggled before hugging herself close to him. "Most people would just get tired of arguing with me about anything because I could go all day, but not you." She giggled before sitting up. "Still am. I'm still older than you, mentally as well as physically." He rolled his eyes as she stood up out of bed. He loved that she didn't seem embarrassed for him to be seeing her completely naked like that while they weren't having sex. "How do you figure?" She giggled as he stood up and pulled her into his chest. "I've got at least fifty years on you in age relativity. I did have a vampire baby. Oh, and I died having said vampire baby." He chuckled before leaning his forehead against hers affectionately. "And you think that deserves fifty years?" She scowled playfully at him. "Hey! Have you ever had someone eat through your stomach or had you spine completely broken?" He winced as he remembered witnessing that. "Exactly!" He rolled his eyes. "I was there, Bells. I remember what happened when she was born." She giggled a little before stroking his chest with her cool hand. "How am I supposed to remember who was there? I was in so much pain I barely remember that I was there." She joked at him and he rolled his eyes. "OK, fine. It adds fifty years." She smirked victoriously at him before giving him a sweet kiss. "I knew you'd see it my way. It took long enough for me to win that little game of yours." He chuckled before nodding his head towards the bathroom. "Let's take a shower." She was glad to accept that offer. She didn't want to let go of him or to have to stop being how they were, but after their shower, it would have to go back to how it had been. No kisses. No longing looks. No amazing sex like they had. It was going to go back to just being friends….Until it was time for her to die.