The bathroom was, predictably, cramped and confined with a distinct antiseptic-y smell. The mirror was obviously very old, several stains and cloudy spots from fermented cleaner making the reflections almost unseeable. Lauren struggled to find a clean spot to monitor the contact removal procedure. Settling on one that was only marginally blurred, she carefully removed the lenses and placed them in their case with the saline solution. With all close objects growing a halo of illegible edges, she turned to the door. As she tried to undo the plastic lock, the plane suddenly jolted sharply, causing the contact case to fumble from Lauren's fingers and hit the floor with an abnormally loud clatter. Damnit—don't be broken...only brought two sets...shit... Without thinking, she knelt down and scooped up the plastic case, examining it for any cracks or damage while on one knee. Another, more violent shudder wracked the plane. Lauren gave a huff of air as she was thrown forward and her head struck the solid laminate edge of the bathroom counter with a dull crack . Blinding pain streaked through her skull and down her spine as her vision swam, the contact case again dropping to the floor. Lauren instinctively pressed her hands to her head, squeaking in pain at the contact before jerking them away. " Oh, fuck …" she whimpered. There was a smudged smear of red on one of her palms. A rapid knocking cut through the agony mere moments later. " Hey, you okay in ther e?" the man's voice was muffled through the sliding door. " We heard someone yell ." Did I scream ? Lauren scrabbled for the lock, pushing the tab back before the entryway folded in on itself. She looked up, and a blurry shape stared down at her. Squinting her eyes revealed it to be a wide eyed flight attendant. "Oh, shit ," he turned to the younger hostess behind him. "Kayla, we need the med kit . Hurry ." The brunette woman hurried to the shelves at the front of the cabin, and the man reached down to help Lauren stand. She managed, but the attendant insisted on having her sit against the counter while Kayla was gone. Though the pain in her head was far from ebbing, she felt silly sitting on the plastic block while a man who was half a head shorter than her gripped her forearms as if she was suddenly going to topple over again. She was fine . "Ooh, yeah...that was a bad bump." Kayla had rushed back in, nose wrinkling in pity as she pulled several things out of the first aid kit. "We got Neosporin, Band-Aids, and gauze—" she glanced to her colleague, struck by something. "God, it doesn't need stitches...does it, Steve?" Lauren's chest seized up. " Stitches —?" Steve cut her off. "No, you're gonna be fine. Just clipped the corner of the counter a bit, is all. Neosporin, Kayla. And Band-Aids, please." As Steve set the bandage on her forehead, Lauren winced from the pressure. He grimaced apologetically. "Yeah. You're gonna have a pretty nasty bruise. Cut'll heal in a couple days, though. It wasn't that bad." "You traveling with anyone? Parents, friends, brothers 'n sisters?" Kayla asked. "I can tell 'em what happened while I'm putting the kit back." "Parents. Mom and Dad," Lauren said. "Um...row twenty-six, I think." The dark-skinned woman nodded and went off down the aisle. Steve stepped out of the compartment, leaving the way clear for Lauren. "You're okay to walk and all? Not dizzy or anything?" "Don't think so," Lauren tried to laugh, but it just made her head throb worse. "Thank you so much, by the way." "Oh, yeah—anytime!" the blond man grinned and handed her the rogue contact case as she exited. She made her way back down the aisle, catching a few pitying glances as people's eyes were drawn to the fresh bandage. As she neared her seat, her mom and dad half stood and turned to worry over her. "God—you okay? The attendant said you fell and hit your head...ooh," her dad winced as Lauren motioned to her Band-Aid. "That's not gonna be pretty." "I know, Dad," Believe me . "I'm fine." "It hurt at all?" her mom's trivia game timed out, expelling her from the competition, as she gently pulled her daughter closer to examine the wound. "Not really," Lauren shook her head, ignoring the rhythmic pulse of pain at the source. She flinched as her mother's hand lightly grazed over the skin beside the Band-Aid. " Ow . That did." "Yep. You're gonna have a big bruise there when we get off the plane." her mother said. "I know." The models' glimmering eyes and flawless skin taunted her. Her mom let go as Lauren settled back down in her seat, thankful that the backs were heavily cushioned. She switched off the screen in front of her and fastened the seat belt for good measure. "I…I think I'm going to sleep now. Kinda tired." "Got it, sweetie. Just rest. We'll get you something to eat when you wake up, okay? The cart lady'll understand," her mom's voice carried over from behind. "Sorry this vacation's off to such a crappy start." "Mom, no—it's not a big deal, just..." Lauren yawned. "Just a little bump." "You want a blanket? The flight attendants…" "Should be fine. Not cold or anything." "Okay, then. Love you, sweetheart." Lauren settled back in her seat and closed her eyes, hearing only the hum of the airplane. "Love you too, Mom." Thank you for reading! You specifically, the one staring at this screen. Remember that you are important and make differences every day. I love, and am eternally grateful to, you for that. Hope to see you next time! (A warning that this was a feel-good chapter. The next chapter is going to be quite graphic and descriptive on the violence front. I will post a more elaborate warning in the author's note for Chapter 2.)