she saw the awestruck look on his face. Bella Swan just seriously kissed him! He was overjoyed, but also unsure of what to make of that. "Did you seriously just-" She didn't let him finish his sentence before she answered his question. "I figured that would be pretty obvious." She bit her lip before loosening her grip on his shirt, keeping her hand in that spot. She loved the feeling of his warm skin seeping through the fabric of his shirt. She missed the warmth, her sun, her Jacob. He really was her Jacob and she was his Bells. She had come to realize that she was always his and just refused to admit it to herself. "Why did you just kiss me?" He asked, his voice soft, no husk in his tone at all. She gazed up into his eyes so affectionately before leading her hand up to his warm, stumbled cheek. His jawline was so much more defined than the last time she saw him. Gone was the teenage boy he had been. Now, he was a man. "Because Edward being a controlling ass wasn't the only reason I left him." She spoke honestly and he got the insinuation. He placed her other hand on his cheek and held them there as he smiled so happily down at her. "You left him for me?" She nodded and she giggled as he sighed in relief. "You really want to be with me?" She nodded before chortling to herself. "I figured the kiss would have been enough to tell you that." He pressed his forehead to hers with a relieving sigh. This was heaven. She finally wanted to be with him. All those months he spent trying to nurse her heart back to health, he had wormed his way in and now she wanted him over that leech. He was enough and he was the one she wanted to be with. "Are you sure?" He needed her to be positive before they went farther than this conversation. "No." Her expression sombered and his heart dropped. She instantly busted into a big smile and giggled. "I'm kidding! Of course, I'm sure." He grinned and sweetly stroked her hair. "Can I have an instant replay of that kiss? You kind of caught me off guard." She bit her lip and gave him a playful look. "I can do one better than that." Her arms moved around this neck, hands grasping his silk strands of raven hair, before their mouths pressed together. He encased her in his embrace as he enjoyed their first real kiss. I can't believe you are really all mine. He thought as she quietly moaned into his warm, moist lips. The kiss was sweet and full of such promise. It was an unspoken declaration of possibilities for the future and a blossoming relationship between the two of them. He pulled her body flush against his right as he released the kiss. He gazed lovingly into her sweet chocolate eyes and she took a deep breath. "That was one hell of a first kiss, Bells." She giggled as he pressed his forehead to hers, so affectionately. "You can say that again." He chortled, amused, before he gave her a brief, chaste kiss. Each warm kiss left her lips tingling and she loved it. "Did you tell him? You know, that you wanted to be with me?" Jacob wasn't an idiot. He thought vampires were the most disgusting, foulest creatures on the planet, but he knew that everything about them drew humans in. It was their best trick. This is why it was such a big shock that she wanted to be with him. He had hoped she would, but he never expected it. "Yes, I did. He wasn't exactly thrilled. He brought up that when he left for me to have a human life, he wanted for me to have it with a human." This stung Jake. He knew he wasn't human anymore, but for that leech to throw that in Bella's face when she chose him over the leech infuriated him. "I just told him that he wanted me to have a human life. Just watch me because the only human life I want is with you, Jake." He smiled before he kissed her passionately. "Same to you, honey." She giggled as he stroked her hair. They were finally happy and together. Nothing could disturb this perfect moment. A loud, alarming howl rang through the air and both of their eyes darted to the woods. She clung tighter to him as a growl slipped through his lips. "What is it, Jake?" She asked and he took a deep breath, calming his trembling. "The redhead is back." She was scared, but she was more petrified for the pack than herself. "I need to get you to my house. I'm not leaving you out here alone with that leech on the loose." She nodded and he pulled her along to her truck. She cuddled into his side as he drove her back to his house, parking next to his garage. "Go inside and tell my dad what's going on." She nodded and quickly kissed him. "Don't do anything stupid." She begged and he laughed wholeheartedly. He loved that she looked so worried about him when it was her safety in question. It was amusing. "I'll be fine. Just stay in the house with my dad, please." His eyes twinkled with playfulness. "No cliff diving ventures." She couldn't stop the snicker that left her lips as they climbed out of the truck. "I'll be back." He swore to her as he pulled her into his arms, hugging her close, but not too tight. "Might take a few hours, but I'll be back." She quickly gave him one last kiss before she released him with a sharp breath. He pulled his shirt over his head and handed it to her. He gave her a sweet smile before he ran off into the woods.