necessary. We roamed, alone but together and perfectly content with that fact. If we had one another, we were happy. We understood our quirks and sometimes, we knew the other better than we knew ourselves. We didn't go much into the village, though. Rumors spread like wildfire. Alec insisted that it would be dangerous for us to go there now, when they all thought us to be witches. They could hurt us, he told me. It was them who I wanted to hurt for shunning us. Year after year, the crops withered away and died. During our ninth year, the village was in a famine. Woods became our second home. There we were free- free to frollick and giggle and sing and delight in silly and trivial things that all children adored. There were no stares deep in the confines of trees, no judgment waiting around the corner. Berries were in abundance for us. Somehow, we found plenty while the village starved and the cemeteries were filled. On a frigid day, two weeks or so shy of our tenth birthdays, we lounged beside a river that ran too fast for the ice to melt it. My hands were half blue. We couldn't afford to have gloves made. "You're going to freeze to death," He drawled, moving closer and draping his arm around my shoulder. I leaned into the embrace, and rested my head against his chest. Even if I was freezing, the steady beat of his heart calmed my own. "We'll have to go back home, Janie. We can't stay out here all night….like I said, you're about to freeze. We'll pick some berries and bring them back with us, alright?" I pouted. He was sensible, reasonable and I couldn't argue with him, but I was the oldest. I should have made all of our decisions. "I don't want to go home!" I hissed, snatching my arm away from him now and, then, I drew my knees up to my chest. "I'd rather die here by ice than by caught dead in that horrid house." Alec grinned a boyish grin that would have melted a heart turned to stone. He held out his hand, and pulled me unceremoniously to his feet. "Sorry, Janie. I'm not going to let my twin die out here alone, and especially not without me. We came into this world together, and by God, we are going to leave it together." We pushed open the door to the house moments later. Immediately, I felt my whole body relax as the heat from the roaring fire in the cast iron stove found its way to every aching and icy pore. Roughly, I rubbed my hands together and dropped before the fire, blowing on them occasionally to help them warm faster. "You.. you-you've 'en… ver' la...te….." A voice stammered from behind me. I twisted around instantly, and beheld with great shock that it was my father who had spoken. How peculiar, that he didn't sound anything like my father. Something about the way he looked at me was frightening. My cheeks were pink from the wind, and my gown exposed frost bitten shoulders. If my hair ever looked worse, I couldn't recall the time, for it was wild and windblown. Spring brought many firsts for my brother and I. First blooms of the season, first foals to be born to our horses. The first time my father raped me. With the shattering of ice came the shattering of my innocence. He came dead in the night while Alec was sick with a fever and seasonal flu, and took everything from me. When he was done, he made me kiss him good night- on the lips. The taste lingered in my mouth all night. I wanted to vomit….rip my own skin off….scrub myself until I bled. I was dirty, like mama had said I was. Only filthy and nasty little girls got used like I did. But I couldn't bring myself to do any of that. Blood trickled down my leg and made the lining of my dressing gown stick to it. Shakily, I pulled it off before it could dry to my skin, and curled into myself. Seconds later, I stiffened at the feel of arms around my waist. My father. He had come back for me, to do God knows what other vile things to my body. My hands curled into fists, and without looking back, I punched my assailant hard in the groin. "Ach! Jane! What's the matter with you?!" That wasn't my father's voice. Timidly, for I was certain that my mind was playing a horrible trick on me, I turned over. He was doubled over onto himself, one hand fisted in the lower half of his shirt. "I- I'm sorry…" I stuttered. Mama had said to never hit boys there. He nodded stiffly, held up a hand, and silently asked for a moment. When the pain went away, he wrapped his arms around me as if I hadn't caused him excruciating agony. He didn't seem to notice that I was utterly bare, or the stain of blood on the mattress. If he did, he made no mention of it. "Jane…" He muttered, drawing me close to him. I sank into his hold, protected and guarded. I may have been born first, but he would forever be my guardian. "You were crying, Janie...you know you never cry, not ever, only when you're very mad…. it's okay, Janie. You can be mad. You have every right to be, you really do, but I'll still love you, no matter how angry you are. I'll be right there." I clung to the back of his shirt. None of it was fair. I wanted everyone to hurt, to bleed like me, to be shunned and hated and deserted as we had been. I wanted their pain to be our pleasure. Half-asleep in the dead of night, with my brother's hand woven through my hair, I vowed silently. One day…