He moaned as he released her, running his tongue from the very back of her pussy to the last piece of flesh on her clit. She gasped and whimpered. "Please, don't tease me. I want you to make me cum, hard." He groaned and buried his face roughly before nipping at her clit, running his tongue along her slit over and over again until she shook from the pleasure. "I'm so close." She whispered and, with one last swipe of his tongue, she shivered through her heavy release. He moaned as he tasted her fresh juices. The taste reminded him of strawberries and vanilla, which he loved. "Shit, you taste so good." She moaned as he pulled his mouth back before pulling off his shirt. He didn't want her climax getting on his shirt while he was buried inside her to the hilt. While struggling to come down from her high, she pulled a condom out of her skirt pocket and handed it to him. "Thank God!" She giggled from the joy in his voice. "I was worried I would need to get one from one of my friends. I don't usually carry them with me." She rolled her eyes. "I never leave my apartment without one. You never know what could happen." He chuckled and nodded before ripping the package with his teeth. He sat down the package before working at his belt and the button of his faded jeans. He pushed them and his black boxers to his knees as she took a peek at what he was packing. Even though she had felt it when they danced, she wasn't expecting him to be so big. "Oh, wow." He threw his head back laughing before grabbing the condom, rolling it on his thick, long, dark shaft. "Are you sure it will fit?" He rolled his eyes before he grabbed her, holding her against the wall. "Let's see. Shall we?" She pushed her mouth back to his as he pressed his latex covered tip into her slit, slipping in with moderate resistance. "God, I love how tight you are." She moaned as he eased himself in more and more until his hips were pressed up against hers and he gasped. "I've never fucked anyone that tight." She nodded before he started thrusting into her, groaning. He was quiet from his concentration, trying to keep himself from coming too fast. She, on the other hand, wasn't worried about people hearing or holding out. She moaned loudly as she scratched at his back, kissing him urgently. "Fuck, yes!" She moaned loudly which told him to thrust harder into her. He buried his face in her hair before groaning, ravishing her violently. He opened her vest before swallowing her naked breast into his mouth. She held his face to her chest as she struggled to control her breathing. He was hurrying her climax along and it was making her dizzy. He continued in on her, pulling out before burying himself completely in her, over and over again, both groaning and moaning in unison before his climax started approaching. "I'm gonna cum." He released her breast and buried his face back in her hair. "God, so am I!" She moaned aloud as he lifted her knee to his chest, going so much deeper. "Fuck!" He screamed out as he shot his load into the rubber and she whimpered, coming down from the high of her climax. After they had a moment to recover, he pulled out of her and placed her on her feet, groaning. She smirked as she leaned against the wall, working to fix her shirt. He took off the condom, tying it off, before tossing it in the trash bin next to the dryer and grabbing his shirt. He was amazed by how much better it was having sex with the Swan girl than Leah. He definitely wouldn't protest to them doing that again in the future. He pulled up his jeans as he watched her pulling back on her thong. She bit her lip at him before placing her hand on his chest. "Thanks for that." He chuckled before taking a deep breath. "God, that was amazing." She blushed and nodded. "Yeah, it was." He was going to say something else, trying to find something clever, but she beat him to it. "See you around, Captain." She walked out and he was left in shock. He knew what had happened was about sex, but he didn't expect her to know it and still be okay with it. Most girls he knew expected a relationship or date out of a one time fuck, but not her. She was perfectly fine with leaving what happened with what it was. She was different and he found himself intrigued by her for this. He pulled on his t-shirt and jacket before coming out of the laundry room. He went up to his friends who had Sam and Leah with them. Embry and Quil laughed. "Dude, that girl was something else. Was she serious when she said she didn't mind if we watched?" Leah gasped from this and Jake grabbed another beer before chuckling. "I guess so." Quil chuckled in response. "That was definitely a first." Embry said before laughing. "You are telling me." Jake responded as the guys watched Bella on the other side of the room, talking to some guy. "How was it?" Quil asked as Sam and Leah stood by silently, Leah pretending not to be listening. "Best sex ever." He looked to Leah with a smug smirk before finishing. "And that's not exaggerating at all." Leah quickly looked away and felt hurt by what he said. He knew he hit a nerve and he thought she deserved for it to be rubbed in her face, but he was still curious about that girl and her behavior. He also knew this was not the time or the place to find out more about her, but he was sure he would eventually.