league baseball player." Jacob threw his head back laughing at this, his teeth glimmering in the twilight, but I didn't see what was so funny. "Why are you laughing?" He rolled his eyes. "Just imagining someone our parent's age playing professional baseball. It's hilarious." I rolled my eyes at this. "He isn't our parent's age." His eyes widened and his jaw slacked. "What?" I nodded. "Yup. He's only in his late twenties. You can say it. My mom is a cougar." "Cougar, my ass. She's a damn cradle robber." I laughed at what he said and found myself clinging to his arm again, giggling into the sleeve of his jacket. "I guess, you're right." He feigned hurt. "I will have you know I am always right." I rolled my eyes and nudged his shoulder with mine, releasing my grip on his arm. "Sure, sure. Like I believe that." He snickered as we made it back to the bonfire. Mike ran up to us, out of his wet suit and back into his regular clothes, as Angela and Embry strolled over, his arm slung over her shoulder. "Bella, it's getting dark so we are going to head back. You ready?" I frowned as he said this. I really didn't want to leave, but I had no other way to get home. I didn't have a car and, even if I did, I didn't bring it with me. "Actually…" Angela started as her and Embry stopped next to Mike. "My mom is supposed to be picking me up in two hours. Bella, if you want to stay a little while longer, you can come with us. It's up to you." She shrugged as if it was no big deal, but I could see in her eyes that she knew I wanted to stay because of Jacob. "I think I'll hang out a little while longer. Thanks anyways, Mike." I tried to come off as being polite, but I'm sure my voice just sounded rushed. I felt a little bad because Mike kept saying how he wanted us to hang out a little while at the beach, but I had been clinging to Jacob the whole time. Granted, I didn't actually want to hang out with Mike, but he seemed sad about it. "I need to grab my stuff out of the van though. I'll be back in a sec." I started to walk towards the van and Angela was quickly by my side. "Where did you and Jake run off to?" She probed and I blushed. "Nowhere. We just went for a walk. We were just talking." I justified our absence, but really, there was no reason we couldn't have hung out at the bonfire with everyone else. "Aw! You guys didn't escape just to make out away from prying eyes?" Angela teased and I flushed. The thought of kissing Jacob was nice, but I wasn't expecting it. I was ridiculously plain and Jake was just so wonderful on what I could tell so far. "No!" I protested in horror of her thinking I was some slut for wanting to kiss him after just meeting him a few hours ago. "Don't worry. I won't tell him that you want to suck his face." She teased me again. "He really likes you. I can tell." I just rolled my eyes. Why would Jake like some plain girl like me? I was nothing special. "What would make you think that?" She giggled and started walking backwards for some unknown reason. "Because, one, he can't stop staring at you." I flushed more as she said this. "Right now, he is talking with Embry, probably trying to concoct some plan of how to see you after we leave tonight." I refused to believe any of this until I had some tangible proof that her words held water. "That doesn't mean anything." I shrugged it off and she scoffed. "I have never seen Jacob like that about any girl and I've known him for two years. Embry has told me on many different occasions that Jake has never shown a single girl interest. I'll be honest. He had a lot of offers, but he just wasn't interested. It was so obvious that he has his eye on you and I wasn't the only one who saw it. Embry, Quil, Leah, and Sam all saw it. They were all wagering how long it was going to take him to ask you out and what your answer would be. I bet that he asks you out before we leave and you say yes." She teased with a lift of her eyebrow and I blushed, grabbing my phone from the van. "I highly doubt he likes me like that." She rolled her eyes with a huff. "Why? You two have been attached since he got the bonfire lit. Why don't you think he likes you?" I huffed before motioning to my whole body. "Look at me. I'm nothing special. I'm simply plain. I highly doubt extraordinarily ordinary is Jacob's type." Her eyes widened as her jaw slacked. "Are you serious? Do you really not see what everyone else does when you look in the mirror? Why do you think all of the guys at our school hound you when you walk down the hall? You are anything, but ordinary. Also, there is no one ordinary in this world. There is nothing normal about any person no matter how much they look stereotypical from the outside." "You are very smart, funny, sweet, and you are beautiful, Bella. Jake sees it as does everyone else. You need to learn to see it for yourself." I didn't agree with her, but I nodded as if I did. I saw Jacob smiling in our direction with that grin reaching up to his onyx eyes, his midnight strands, cascading over his shoulders. I knew my heart was in terrible trouble when it came to this boy, especially if Angela was wrong about him liking me.