was back and that she knew her away around the kitchen, she'd been the one cooking food for the wolves when we went on our daily watches or runs. She wasn't set on joining the pack. As much as I hated it, I totally understood and respected her decision. Some of the wolves didn't and wouldn't the more I thought about it. " Can't you make her join the pack?" " I could… but I'm not going to stoop that low." " Is it because you two have history?" asked another wolf. I glared at them, watching them back down. "Not that it's any of your business, but no, that's not it at all." "Who taught you to cook?" Paul asked as he leaned against the counter, moaning at the oatmeal raisin cookie melting in his mouth. "After I left Washington, I went to a culinary school. It was fun, actually," she said with a small smile as she picked at the skin of her pastry where Embry grabbed it from her plate. "Hey, that was mine." "You pushed it to the side. I assumed you weren't going to eat it, Leah," Embry said with a grin, earning a punch in the arm. "Awe, I'm sorry, babe." "Don't call me that. I'm not your babe." A few snickers left a few of the guys mouths in the kitchen and I shook my head. I couldn't keep my eyes off of her and I knew a part of it had to do with the imprint. The only one that knew about it was Jake and that's the way I wanted it until Leah found out from me. I just wasn't sure how to tell her. "So, Embry, what do you do?" I asked with curiosity as I looked over at him. "I've always been into the whole music business. For the moment, I DJ at a few local clubs in Washington to pass time. That is when I'm not working at the bakery with Leah." "Bakery?" I asked with interest in my eyes. Leah blushed as Embry carried on. "Yeah, Leah owns her own bakery." "What's it called?" Jake asked as he took a bite of his chicken. "With my help, it's called Wolves Delights . It has a nice ring to it, doesn't it?" "No shit," Jake coughed out as he stared at Leah before looking over at me. "That's the new bakery I told you about." "Is it the one with the chocolate fudge and the peanut butter and chocolate pastries?" I asked with a shrug. Jake grinned and nodded before turning his attention to Leah. "I love your bakery, Leah. You can definitely bake your ass off for sure." Leah giggled. "Thanks, Jake." "No problem. I hope that means I get a wolf discount," Jake said with a laugh, finishing the chicken on his plate before grabbing a red velvet cupcake on the saucer from a clean plate. "You're hilarious. Leah doesn't do discounts, not even for me, and I'm her damn brother." Everyone laughed. "So, how's that imprint going with Renesmee?" Seth suddenly asked Jake with interest. "It's… different. I mean, she's growing so fast – rapidly fast." Leah raised an eyebrow at Jake's words. "Renesmee is the offspring of Edward Cullen and Bella Swan. Bella was human when Edward got her pregnant. We never knew that vampires could have babies. Renesmee is a hybrid and she's also the one that Jake imprinted on." "How'd that go?" Jake cringed. "Bella tried to come after me." "What do you mean?" Embry asked suddenly, taking a sip of water from the water bottle in front of him. "I nicknamed Renesmee Nessie, and well, all hell broke loose." "Did anyone get hurt?" Leah asked with curiosity. Everyone got quiet and turned to Seth. Leah frowned, anger rolling within her. "She hurt you." "She did because she was coming after Jake and I jumped before she could do any harm. When Bella found out she hurt me, she wasn't pleased. She was also a newly turned vampire, so she was a mess with her hunger and being a new mother." I could tell that Leah wasn't pleased, but she understood the situation. "I don't like that she hurt you, Seth. Why didn't you tell me?" "Because Leah," Seth began with a grin. "I know how you get when anyone hurts me, whether it's an accident or not. I didn't need you to act all crazy when I am old enough to take care of myself." "You're still my baby brother whether you like or not. You're family." Seth scowled. "Whatever. You're still a pain in my ass, Leah. You made not be as scrawny as you once were, but that doesn't change anything." Seeing that smile on Leah's face, I just wanted to pull her in my arms. But I know if I did that, things would be horrible because she would probably slap me for laying a hand on her, let alone kissing her. I smirked at the thought and simply shook my head. Leah was my whole reason for existence in this world. I just wasn't sure how she would even react to me being the man for her. All I knew was I wanted us to get back what we once had. I just knew that it was going to take hard work and time to get to that point again. Honestly, I wanted a brand new start. We were older and more mature than when we were teenagers. I wanted my mark on her. I wanted her to share the same tribal mark that my other pack members had on their forearms. I was a greedy bastard, but I didn't care. I needed this woman in my life. Before I could utter another word out, the kitchen door flew open. The woman that I had slept with was right here. Emily Young was here and Embry Call just imprinted on her from the look on his face.