what an amazing person I was and how severely he had screwed up. At first, I couldn't speak around the lump in my throat to stop her. I struggled with it...but it was enormous and painful. Then, my mother began with the threats. "You have no idea what her father and I want to do to you. You can't begin to imagine the anger we feel for you hurting our baby girl-" I was finally able to cut her off. I didn't want threats. It was never meant for him to feel unsafe. My entire day was meant to be a lesson in humility and decency. If we resolved to threats, we would be no better than him. I coughed around the lump and then asked them to give me a little more time alone with him. "In case you haven't guessed, it's over. You will not see me again. I am keeping the arcade tickets. If you want an X-Box, you'll have to get a job and pay for one like a grown man. I'm taking back the shirt I bought you and getting my money back. You never deserved it in the first place. You are a grown man, James…it's time you start acting like one." For the first time, he remained stoic. "I seriously suspect that you will be lonely for a long, long time because, the truth is that you really don't have much to offer a woman right now. You are nothing more than a vacancy….a void of vast need. But, should you meet someone else like me who is willing to look past your downfalls…cherish her. And, if you get cocky and think about cheating again, you better remember everything that's happened today." His eyes grew teary. "Do not call me. Do not e-mail me. Do not text of message me. I have no desire to see, hear from or speak to you again. Do I make myself clear?" He started to speak, but I once again put my hand up to silence him. "I meant that, starting immediately." He snapped his mouth shut. The look in his eyes was enough for me to know that I had made my point. He would learn his lesson. He would remember everything that just happened. And he was already beginning to feel his loss. "I think you should leave." He slowly scooted out from the seat as I remained silently in place. "I'm sorry." He whispered, before turning, rounding the corner and disappearing out of sight. It was the first thing he'd said all day that I actually believed. I took a second to collect myself before joining my parents and Alice at their table nearby. "Are you okay?" Alice asked, pouting at me worriedly. "Yeah. I'll be fine. Thanks for being here." I answered. They convinced me to order some food. I didn't have much appetite, but I was trembling so badly that they feared I might otherwise pass out. We all browsed our respective menus in silence. As I tried to find something I might be able to stomach, a waiter approached from behind me, and it was the first time I realized that no server had been present throughout the entire ordeal. "I saw him leave, so I thought you might be able to use some water." He offered, placing a tall, cold glass down in front of me. I looked past my menu at one of the most handsome men who had ever taken the time to speak to me. "My name is Edward, and I'll be your server." ~X~X~X~ It turns out that my parents had told Edward what to expect before I had ever arrived at the restaurant, and had showed him a picture of James, so he knew what to look for and where to direct him to find me. He pulled up a chair and sat down beside me, congratulating me for having the courage to stand up for myself. He asked how it went and, as my mom, dad and Alice began to excitedly recount the experience piece by piece, through their eyes, I began to experience a pride and wonder in the masterpiece I had just orchestrated. Edward was a really nice guy – a student working two jobs while trying to finish his law degree. He showed so much concern for me…constantly asking how I was doing when my eyes seemed to go distant again. He'd grip my shoulder or caress my forearm and say that he was sure it wasn't easy, but that he knew I'd done the right thing. His copper hair was thick and GQ looking; nothing like James' long, thin, dirty blonde hair which he always tied back into a ponytail. His eyes were a piercing green, quite different than James' brown. And, there was just this nice, charming, easy-going way about him that I had never once experienced in the months I'd been with James. As we all talked, the conversation began to flow effortlessly and some of my earlier bravado and adrenaline resurged. In fact, I actually found myself smiling and laughing less than half an hour after dumping my no-good boyfriend. "Y'know, Edward?" I smiled. Was I flirting, even? "I just dumped my boyfriend, I'm on the rebound. Not only are you cute, but my parents here already seem to adore you. What do you say we hang out some time?" Everyone's eyes bugged out in surprise at my uncharacteristic move. Geez, I'm just dropping jaws left and right today! I thought to myself. Then, the reality of how cocky I'd just behaved hit me and I felt my face blush fuchsia. It was too late, though….Edward had already written down his phone number and was ripping the page from his order pad. We have a date next Thursday. And he's paying. Part of me wondered if I was moving on to soon, but then I realized…at least he'd be an idiot to ever consider cheating on me!