this long for nothing? "Why not?" I demanded. "I want to know what you found so humorous. Please tell me?" She simply shook with silent laughter again and made a move to get off my lap. "Not so fast," I ordered, pulling her back down and pinning my arm across her waist. "First tell me what was so funny that had you laughing for three minutes straight." "I'm afraid it'll make you mad," she confessed, her tone anxious, but her eyes glazed over a second later, and she was back to her laughing. Was she insane? Was she really going to keep laughing and not give an inkling into her thoughts? Shocked, I questioned, "Why on earth would it make me mad?" "It's about you ." Now I was really curious. "What about me? Tell me, sweetheart. I promise I won't be angry." "Well," she hesitated, eyeing my expression worriedly, even though the mirth hadn't left her sparkling eyes. "It's just that, you drink blood, right?" I frowned, wondering where she was going with this. I understood that it was a rhetorical question, so I didn't respond. Biting her lip, to hide a smile or in worry, I didn't know, she continued, "And the taste of the blood itself is different for every species, like human blood, not just a singer's , tastes sweeter than animal blood. And amongst animals, their blood each taste different. So, I was wondering . . . if . . ." "Yes?" I prompted, eager for her to continue. I should have known that she would be curious about another one of my vampire qualities. As our relationship had progressed, she'd learned qualities about vampires little by little. I couldn't imagine anything left uncovered for her. Surely she knew everything about my kind. She met my eyes again. "Well, do you ever eat, like . . . fish and stuff?" There was five seconds of absolute silence in which I stared at her, absolutely incredulous, with my mouth hanging open. The innocent and curious expression on her face, added with the absurdness of her question, caused amusement to bubble up inside of me, and suddenly I was doubled over in raucous laughter. "Vampires eating seafood ?" I gasped between chuckles. "You have to be kidding, Bella." This time, it was her watching me laugh my head off and I didn't feel like stopping. She raised an eyebrow at me, hiding her embarrassment, until I finally settled for chuckling. "Oh, Bella," I sighed affectionately. "You're silly. But I suppose I adore that about you." I chuckled once more at the question before giving her an answer. "Yes, I suppose you could say that fish have blood in them, but the smell of them is so unappealing. They live in salt water, and though I've never tried it, I suppose it would be quite tiresome to catch a fish, such small creatures, hold them above the water so as to not swallow salt water, and manage to drink whatever little blood they have in them." I smiled at her, watching her expression as she thought that through. "Oh," she said after a moment. "What about sharks?" My eyebrows furrowed. "I really don't know, love. I've never exactly tried them. My family and the Denalis are the only known covens that don't drink human blood. Drinking animal blood is so unheard of in the vampire world; I really doubt anyone has drunk shark blood." Bella looked rather sheepish as she turned back to the TV screen. I stared at her, still grinning over her curious questions towards our lifestyles. She never failed to surprise me. My smile faded as I realized something. She still hadn't told me what was so funny that had gotten her laughing for three minutes. I knew for a fact that it wasn't about the vampire fish diet thing. There was something else on her mind that I was eager to uncover. I tilted her chin back to look into her eyes. "Bella," I began sternly. "You still haven't told what you were laughing about. You said it was about me?" I reminded her. "It's nothing, actually," she insisted, but her grin gave her away. "Bella." I warned, capturing her gaze with mine as I attempted to "dazzle" her. "Oh, okay," she surrendered, her eyes lighting up with unconcealed glee. "You see that bear?" She gestured to at the TV screen. I nodded, my eyes flickering only briefly to it. "What about it?" "Well, you know that I've always had an obsession of wanting to see you hunt, and before you stated that vampires don't eat seafood, I was picturing what you would look like if you hunted . . . a fish," She paused when the giggles overtook her again. ". . . And that's what I imagined you looking like." She pointed at the TV screen, already giving into the giggles that were erupting out of her. Her previous amusement was back. The camera was focused on a brown bear which had emerged from the water, a dead fish clamped tightly between his teeth, as it swam back to the shore. It looked absolutely ridiculous with its drenched fur and the silver–scaled fish draped and sagging from its mouth And Bella had imagined me in place of the bear . With a fish hanging from my venom–coated teeth. Bella collapsed on my chest as she burst out laughing at my dumbfounded expression. I rolled my eyes as I tried to preserve whatever dignity I had left. "No more Animal Planet for you, Miss Swan." AN: It seemed funnier in my head when I pictured Edward hunting fish, but I've already gone through the effort of creating a quick story around it, so I'm not going to remove it. This is just something silly – a result of the summer's heat waves frying my brain. Update: For those of you interested, I have now written a spin–off to this called, Edward's Catch .