since you stopped talking to him. All he ever thinks about is you. All he ever worries about is you. He's your best friend. He's looked out for you since you were a toddler." "It's not just tonight though," Gracie said heatedly, finally venting eight months worth of anger. "He lied to me. All these years, he's been a you-know, and he never once told me. How can I ever trust him again? It's like I don't even know him anymore." "A 'you-know'? Gracie, what the hell is your problem with the pack?" I said furiously. "We're born with this gene! It's not like any of us can help it. Do you think any of us wanted to phase in the first place? Do you blame people who get cancer just because it's hereditary?" "Of course not," Gracie whispered in a shocked tone. "There are plenty of things I'd like to do with my life besides being a wolf, but this is a part of who I am," I snapped as the night's events began to take its toll. "The pack is out busting our asses every night for ungrateful shits like you and what do we get? Freaking attitude!" "Nathaniel Harrison Uley!" My mother's stern voice interrupted us. Oh hell, when did my parents get back from the reception? My mom continued, "I better not ever hear you speak to anyone that way again, especially not your sister. Is that understood?" "Sorry," I apologized, not meeting her eyes. "Fine, why don't you go downstairs and let me talk to Gracie," my mom instructed. I did as I was told and met my father in the family room. "So what happened tonight?" My dad asked. "Nothing much…Gracie and Ryan got into a huge fight. Oh and I imprinted and almost killed my soul mate's brother." My dad whistled. "Wow, what a night. So you and Meena Black, huh?" "Yeah," my mind instantly drifted back to Meena. I could already feel the longing to see her again. "Dad, what am I going to do? Her brother's an Alpha. I felt it. We couldn't even be around each other for a few minutes before we attacked one another." "I don't know son…there's been a lot of bad blood between our pack and the Cullen clan. We put it behind us for the most part, but Jacob and I still can't be around each other for too long before the old animosity resurfaces. I guess you'll have to figure it out though for the sake of your imprint." I nodded before making my way towards the family room's slider door which led to our backyard. "Hey," my dad called out. "Devlin Wakeh imprinted tonight." Oh great…another one. Well, that certainly explained Dev's distracted attitude earlier. Sighing, I asked, "On whom?" "Hanna Becknell." Jared and Kim's daughter. The one who attended a private school in Michigan for gifted artists. Last I heard, the girl's biggest goal in life was to become a world famous pianist, which meant she'd never be around. Fan-freaking-tastic! "I'm going to go for a walk," I muttered, opening the door and stepping outside into the cool night air. I decided to head towards the beach. Before I even got halfway there, I ran into Ryan. He looked horrible. His eyes were wild and it looked like he'd pulled out some of his hair. "I'm really sorry for how I acted," Ryan said immediately. "You want to explain to me what the hell you were thinking?" I asked, crossing my hands over my chest. "S-she shut me out so many times. I-I just didn't know how else to reach her. When she called me a monster, I just lost it." "Is that how you're going to solve all your problems in the future? If you don't like how my sister is acting, you'll get physical." "No! You know I wouldn't do that to her…it's j-just that she looked so different tonight…so grown up and I-I--" Oh sick! This was one conversation I really wished my dad could be having instead of me. "Are you saying you suddenly discovered you have the hots for my 14-year-old sister?" I asked warily. "No! It's just that--" Ryan's shoulders slumped and I felt slightly guilty. Quil warned me. When you imprint on someone young, every time an imprint hits a new stage, a layer of their relationship gets peeled away. Tonight, a new stage was set into motion for Ryan and Gracie. All I could do was sit back and hope I didn't have to witness it in too much detail. Looking sick, Ryan finally spoke up. "I wanted to find you so that I could tell you I'm leaving." "What?" I asked in shock. "I'm going to move back to D.C. for awhile. My dad said he could get me a government job there." "What about Gracie?" "I think after tonight, she could use the break from me. Maybe she can learn to forgive me while I'm away." "How long are you planning on being gone?" Ryan shrugged. "As long as it takes, I guess." I shook my head. "Ryan, are you sure you want to do this?" Ryan looked in the direction where he probably felt Gracie's presence, even from a distance away. "Yeah…yeah, I think this is for the best." "Well, I can't stop you," I told him sadly. "Just don't be a complete stranger, all right?" "Sure," Ryan said, sticking out his hand. I grabbed it before bringing him in for a brief hug. I watched him walk away. He looked completely broken. A chill raced down my spine as Ryan disappeared from my sight. What if I couldn't work out my problems with Gabriel Black? Would I end up like Ryan someday? Completely rejected by my imprint? A/N - As always, please leave feedback for this chapter! You can see the story banner and pictures of the characters on my photobucket account. The link is on my profile page. Thanks!