your nice catch for cooking Jacob's and Seth's dinner tonight. In fact, I don't think one fish will suffice. Those boys' appetites never end. Actually," Her face brightened up as if she'd just got a brilliant idea. "Do you mind diving in for some more?" Edward's eyes widened in utter shock and dare I say . . . fear? "Excuse me?" I was stunned. My mouth dropped open for a few seconds before the giggles overtook me. Beside me, the others had also exploded in laughter, but I was too busy clutching my stomach look at them. "Good one, Mom," Emmett cheered, doubling over in boisterous chuckles. I was hardly able to believe that Esme would be teasing her son like this. Normally, she and Carlisle were the ones to pacify the situations or defend the weak person being picked on. Namely me, in my human years. Speaking of Carlisle ... My father–in–law pressed his lips together, hiding a smirk. He wrapped an arm around Esme's shoulders, looking down at her in fake curiosity. "Exactly how many fish do you think are sufficient for the boys, dear?" Esme bit back a laugh, glancing up thoughtfully at her husband and ignoring Edward's growing fury. My husband was practically vibrating as he glowered at his parents. "Nine or ten? Leah never likes to stay for meals, but I wonder if I can her convince to come around, too. In that case, perhaps five more?" "Well," Carlisle pondered. "Fish seems to be the topic of the day. And they are incredibly nutritious with their Omega–3 Fatty Acids and various other vitamins. It wouldn't hurt to feed Nessie some healthy human food once in a while. She might even prefer it to blood." "Alright. Let's calculate that . . . Twenty fish, Edward?" Esme tilted her head to the side, feigning concern. "Is that too much for you?" "If it is, we could always get Bella's father to help you," Rosalie piped up cheerfully and Edward's glare flickered over to her. "You two could become fishing buddies." I snickered. "You know, Edward, Charlie's always complaining that he's never able to catch enough fish. Do him a little favor and go underwater . . . maybe toss some fish towards his fishing line." Emmett strolled over to my poor, drenched Edward and thumped him on the back; Edward angrily shook him off. Emmett's face was a mask of seriousness as he laid a hand on Edward's shoulder. "Help a man out, Edward, and Charlie will be eternally grateful to you. And then perhaps he'll tolerate you more for marrying his daughter." "The only tolerance that is relevant to this particular situation," Edward growled, flinging the dead fish into Esme's outstretched hands. ". . . is my tolerance of all of you and your merciless comments. My little performance is now over , so if we could please head back to the house –" "Hey," Alice protested, holding her palms out. "I demand an encore." "Shut up!" Edward finally yelled, stunning us into silence. Edward was too gentlemanly and old schooled to use such phrases, even something so simple like "shut up". It was as entertaining as it was shocking to hear. " THERE IS NO ENCORE ! I FULFILLED THE TERMS OF LOSING THE BET AND NOW WE ARE OVER WITH THIS, ALRIGHT? FOR THOSE OF YOU INTERESTED, JUST CATCH THE GODDAMN FISH YOURSELF . . . GOOD. BYE." He stalked past us in the direction of the house, furiously shaking his head like a dog to dry his hair. We trailed after him at a much more leisure pace, but it was impossible to move too much because we were all in complete hysterics. "He's finally cracked," Rosalie whispered not–so–subtly to the rest of us. "What happens if Nessie asks where the fish comes from?" Emmett asked Jasper, but it was clear that they were still taunting Edward because he was still in hearing range. Nessie was currently at La Push with Jacob and the entire werewolf gang along with the other imprints. We were also allowed to step on their land from now on, but for tonight, we'd let Nessie have her fun without us. Now that the Volturi threat was over, things were so much more peaceful. "Do me a favor and block Em's and Jazz's minds for a quick second, okay?" Alice muttered quietly from the corner of her mouth without taking her amused gaze from Edward's retreating form. Her lips were curved up in an unconcealed smirk. I was confused by her request, but nevertheless, I nodded and raised my shield, blocking my brothers' thoughts from my husband. Jasper sighed dramatically, placing a hand on his heart and looking forlornly at the snow. "I don't want to have to say this . . . but we'll just have to tell her the truth." "Renesmee will not be informed of anything that took place today!" Edward hollered, without glancing back. "But she's bound to ask about our day," Jasper argued. "And you know I can't lie to my favorite niece." "Then I will make sure that you both don't open your mouths in front of her." Edward threatened. "Oh, you don't have to worry about that ," Emmett assured him, his face nearly about to burst with glee. "If you insist, we promise we won't tell her." Jasper's smile was smug as he swiftly pocketed something I hadn't been able to catch sight of. "She'll see for herself instead. We got your entire little performance on video for her." AN: Poor Edward, huh? At first, I thought I could use Edward and Bella's honeymoon as the fish–hunting scene, since Isle Esme is surrounded by water and they often went snorkeling, etc, but then, of course, the Cullens wouldn't have got to see it. And it was less amusing without the rest of the family present. Anyway, that's it! I won't be continuing this silly thing, but I hope you laughed! Cheers!