The sinister flash in Aro's cheerful facade makes me step back. Every eye turns to me. I curse my display of weakness. I feel like a juicy steak. Medium rare and grilled to perfection. "Bond your obsession and stop playing games. They bore me." Caius scowls. "Carlisle is our friend." "His experiment has gone on long enough. They are abominations." Caius turns to me. "If this one cannot be properly secured, she is a liability that must be culled." He blurs. The chilling pressure of his cold form pressing against my back, large hands firmly gripped around my neck and waist to prevent movement, makes me shudder. I squirm but almost choke myself. There's no give in these creatures whatsoever. What an unpleasant jerkwad. If I survive this, I'll make him pay. Make him suffer like Riley has. I still can't process or believe in his genuine betrayal. Riley's greatest strength and weakness is his loyalty. He stayed with his lying, cheating ex when she was pregnant with another man's baby — out of remembrance of their history and because he loved her once… When we became friends, I finally convinced him to let her go, sharing my awful experiences with my childhood friend, Jacob Black. Turns out she had been faking but it took more than it should to sway his allegiance once he gave it. There has to be more going on here. Riley isn't a turncoat. My thoughts haven't stopped whirring and spinning since I arrived, grasping and discarding theories and potential outcomes and the best and worst case scenarios. Even as the adrenaline thunders through me, exciting my body and demanding action, my brains hyper activity, has helped me stay mostly calm, if not a bit shell-shocked. If only I had the pieces of the puzzle that would make their cryptic comments make more sense. Aside from definitely-not-human, I haven't got much aside from some basic traits and observations that haven't lead me any closer to figuring out the what. I'm waiting for some sign of weakness when I register Caius isn't breathing and there's no heartbeat. My heart rate, impossibly, speeds up. Again. I'm headed straight for a coronary complication. Shit. "Excellent idea, Brother!" Aro exclaims. Marcus withdraws his fingers from Aro's jaw. "Chelsea, the only bond Bella has to anyone here is her antagonistic one to Caius — the level of her hatred for you is truly astounding, given your short acquaintance." Aro chuckles as Caius rumbles behind me, grip convulsing. "Caius, I trust you to raise her properly. To foster and encourage bonds between the rest of us that we may strengthen, if at all possible. Such a wondrous twist for us that hate can be so easily twisted to love." "Athenadora will not— "This would hardly be overstepping any boundaries in your relationship. You two may be mates but you have little love for one another." Caius scoffs. "Love is for the weak. I give Athenadora power and prestige. Our relationship is mutually beneficial, our base needs fulfilled. Attaching this sort of complication may make her regress to that whiny, delusional, starry eyed brat I initially encountered. It will disrupt—" "Corin will appease any displeasure she may harbour at your devotion to another." Caius hisses, choking the air from me. "You will not force a bond on me to this mouth breather!" "She will be a magnificent vampire." Aro waves dismissively. My eyes are bulging. "I probably won't. I can't stomach the sight of blood — I faint. Best you just let me meet Riley at the hospital and we can all move on—" Caius jerks my head to the side, halting my babbling. Aro continues as though nothing happened, "The grime cannot hide her beauty — her features and body seem crafted specifically for the enhancement of the Change, can you not see that, Brother? She is bound to be exceptionally gifted. I trusted your ambitious nature to help you see what a prize she'd be." Aro frowns, disappointed. "Perhaps you'll change your mind when she no longer repulses you." "Please." I don't know what I'm asking for. Too many things I know they won't give. Aro releases Chelsea. The thin woman turns to me, her chalky olive complexion and strong features are focused, determined. There's a tugging, ripping sensation. I try to fight it but my head pounds. The medieval room and black cloaked figures swim. My bones and muscles liquefy. Without the restraints keeping me upright, I'd fall. Everthing spins. Before I can catch my bearings, a sharp sting then burning pain erupts in my neck. The fire is too much and I'm unceremoniously shoved over the edge of my sanity. The more it spreads, the more I lose of myself, the more I need to let go…. I allow myself to be carried on the only comforting emotions I can find. I reach for the solace, feeling it cradle me. Finally, I'm safe enough to scream. AN: So there you have it, the first chapter. It ' s longer than future chapters will be (probably) because I wanted to cover a lot of ground in the beginning so I can bring Jasper in next chapter — I figured it was better to get all this establishing stuff (for story, character, and plot) out of the way in one go. And, despite what it may seem — this is not, nor will it ever be, a love triangle plot between Riley, Jasper, and Bella. Riley serves many valuable purposes in this story and is vital for how Bella ' s character developed post her brief stay in Forks with her father. What happened with the Cullens/their whereabout will be revealed next chapter when we switch to Jasper POV. I hope this chapter raised several questions for you guys. I hope some of you share your thoughts. Until next time. Translations: Urgence (french) - Emergency peri é rgeia mou (greek) — my curiosity sacca di sangue (Italian) — blood bag