middle of the lake. "You're not supposed to swim for an hour after eating!" Rosalie shouted out to him without as much as sitting up. "Dumbass." She mumbled under her breath. "If he gets a cramp, one of you will have to save him, because I give up." "PMS." Jasper whispered to me before shivering in fear. I was sitting on the corner of the blanket, my legs bent at the knees and spread apart slightly, one arm casually draped over one knee with my bottle in hand. I caught Bella from the corner of my eye and turned in time to see her moving across the field toward me. The grassy ground was uneven, accentuating the sway of her walk. Her denim cut-offs hugged her thighs, the waist riding low on her hips so that I could see the straps of her bikini bottoms peeking out. She had unbuttoned her plaid shirt so that it hung loosely over her shoulders now, her red, polka-dot bikini top bouncing with every step. It had been less than an hour since I had taken her against that tree and yet, watching her walk towards me…her hair loose and blowing with the breeze…my pants grew unbearably tight in the crotch and it took all of my will power not to readjust obviously. Mine. All mine. For all of my talk of taking a step back and getting to really know and appreciate each other, every day I seemed to be fighting an ever losing battle to make that damned girl mine forever. To mark her, label her and tell the whole damned world to back off. She stepped in front of me, the denim barely hugging the curve of her ass as she slowly stooped down in front of me, settling herself between my legs and backing up so that my erection was now pressed firmly between her ass cheeks. From behind, I could see her cheeks bunch up with her smile. She leaned back against me, turning her head and whispering "Well hello, Lover." This girl was going to be the end of me. And knowing that she wanted it just as badly as I did only made me ache for her that much more. "Don't get me wet! Emmet, no! I have to wear this back home! Stop!" Rosalie screamed, jumping up and racing off of the blanket as Emmet charged out of the water, chasing her with his arms wide open for a hug, dripping wet and laughing maniacally. "I can't help it if I make you wet, baby! It's just part of my animal magnetism. I'm irresistible!" He laughed. "There's no use fighting it! You know you want this!" Rosalie yelped as Emmet tackled her, taking her to the ground and kissing her all over – thoroughly soaking her in the process. "Get off me, ya big oaf!" She laughed as they began to roll around. I had been so caught up in Bella that I hadn't even noticed that Jasper was now stripped down to his swim trunks at the edge of the water. "Babe, ya coming?" "Damn, have you seen my man?" Alice asked at the edge of the blanket, shimmying out of her shorts. "Oh, yes…that is some grade A man-meat right there." I teased in my best gay voice. "Damn skippy!" Alice laughed, adjusting her bikini top. "And I'm gonna get me some of that!" I couldn't help but smile as I watched her jiggle her way to the water – Jasper's hand reaching out toward her expectantly. I wasn't sure if it was possible to love life any more than I did at that particular moment. With Bree, everything had been falling apart. And, things had been bad for so very long with her that I had stopped even noticing that things were bad. But now, I had an overabundance of terrific friends – this great, big circle of love and support. I hadn't realized how alone I had become or how isolated I had started to feel. I hadn't known I could feel so alone in a crowd, but it was true. Yet, everywhere I looked now I saw the love and friendship I had been missing. I had the band. I had Felix and the handful of people he had just brought into my life. I had Jacob and Billy and Bella's extended family on the Rez. I had a purpose and – I crossed my fingers – a possible recording contract on the horizon. We'd only played for the different labels a couple of days ago. Who knew when we'd hear back from any of them…or if we'd hear back from them at all. But, my skin tingled with this sense that there was something new for us…something huge on the horizon. And then, the biggest and greatest change of all: Isabella Marie Swan. Sure, we had gone about things a bit ass-backwards but somehow, we had made it to this point. Two months. And, that's what the paradox was for me. My world had shifted on its axis. My earth didn't revolve around the sun anymore. It revolved around Bella and love and friendship and family and hope. And yet, here I was in this magnificent little place and it appeared completely untouched. Lavender hued flowers swayed in the breeze amidst long strands of grass. The wind whispered through the leaves on the trees. The water was crystal clear, straight through to the bottom of the lake. None of the drama and changes that overwhelmed my life had touched this little piece of heaven on earth. It was humbling. A/N: It saddens me to inform you that the Volturi have captured my Beta, and they are holding her ransom for smut. But, as you know from our last foray together, lemons and limes cost reviews. So, if you miss my Beta as much as I do, hurry up with the reviews already so we can get this lemon train started!