this coven tonight. I do believe, as I have seen in your thoughts, that there is one other vampire you wish to inform of a living mate." Aro looked at Aurora pointedly, "You may do so now." Aurora, understanding what has been asked of her, turned to view Demetri once again. His eyes widened by a small fraction in surprise. He had simply been listening patiently to the conversations before him. It was never his job to intervene or make statements. If asked directly he would have to admit that the idea of finding his mate would have intrigued him. As Aurora's bright red eyes met his crimson orbs he almost felt as if his undead heart beat in his chest. "Demetri, you happened to brush some of my skin when you caught me earlier. In that brief contact I saw your mate. Her name is Delphia Payne; she lives in the city of Detroit in the state of Michigan. Her face looks young, late teenager to early twenties." Demetri couldn't decipher the surge of emotions that nearly overwhelmed him. These all came to a vicious halt when he realized that he wouldn't be available to visit and meet his mate until he had earned some off from the Volturi, and that was rare seeing as how he was their number one tracker. Perhaps he could put in a request to Aro in the next few days. If his mate was old enough he would surely court her for a few weeks and then turn her. "Ah!" Aro exclaimed excitedly, "I believe you have earned some time to yourself, Demetri. Perhaps two months would suffice as a brief hiatus?" Demetri's face lost its expressionless veneer and erupted into a very small, yet oddly satisfying smile as he bowed to his master, not questioning Aro's intentions in the slightest. "Thank you, master." Aro smiled down on his tracker and floated elegantly back to his throne, Caius following dutifully. Marcus had sat like a statue throughout the entire exchange, not once had he so much as flinched. The moment Aro was seated, Marcus' hand stretched across the gap in between their chairs and Aro held out his hand. Marcus' right index finger brushed his brother's outstretched palm. There was a brief and unnatural quiet that stilled the room. Not a single vampire took an unnecessary breath or moved an inch. "Caius, your vote?" Aro questioned the blond with an eyebrow raised. Caius, who Aurora was certain would not care for her gift, actually surprised her. "Although her gift has caused an upheaval in my marriage, I have to say that the knowledge of the impeding birth of my true mate has greatly made up for the trouble. I can see the advantage to this vampire joining our ranks. Should she prove useless in the next decade we can reevaluate the situation. For now, I vote that she join the Volturi." "It is rare, indeed, that a vampire receives a unanimous vote of confidence from the Volturi to join our coven. Let me be the first to welcome you, Aurora." Aro stated warmly, eyes glinting mischievously, before acknowledging his guard, "No one is to touch Aurora without first gaining permission from us. We will not have everyone at once learn of their mate, especially if more turn up to be living, currently. It will be an earned privilege." No one questioned Aro's decision. "Felix, Demetri, please escort Aurora to an unused suite." As she followed the two who had brought her into the Volturi in the first place, Felix asked Aurora a question that no one had once thought to ask her before, and she was filled with a surge of something that she couldn't identify. Perhaps it was loneliness, perhaps it was something deeper. Whatever it was, it hurt. "Can you see or sense your own mate?" The large vampire asked, drawing the curiosity of Demetri who glanced at the small blonde vampire. Aurora smiled sadly, "No, Felix, I can't. I never have." Author's Message Welcome to the True Mate Saga! This is only book one, I have planned at least another three. Aurora is actually not the main character of this particular book, but she will be reoccurring and she will play a major part in every one with the last one being her story. She's the catalyst for many events to come so I hope you like her; even though you don't get to see much of her personality here. This book centers around a Demetri/OC pairing, as you read above the OC in this book is named Delphia (Della). She will make her appearance in Chapter One, as most of the story is in her point of view. Only two out of the four are OC pairings, one is a crack ship, and one is cannon. Be advised - I'm not scared to kill off supporting/minor characters. I hope you like this idea as much as I do. I would like to inform you all that I am a college student, so there will be times that I'll be hard pressed for my time and will have to neglect this story. I won't abandon it, so you can take solace in that fact. This saga is my practice for writing my own novel, and with that being said I am determined to finish it and make it the best I can. If you're here because you're on my Author's Alerts from another story that I have put on Hiatus- I'm sorry! I won't be working on any of my Naruto stuff for a while. Inspiration got up, slapped me in the face, grabbed its suitcase and tore outta here like a hooker that stole your wallet, leaving me writing in agony over my lost muse. To everyone else – please don't forget to review, alert, or favorite this story if you like it! Updates come faster when you feed the beast ! Om Nom Nom REVIEWS & FAVS !