my car … but that could end disastrously – my car was a prime target for theft. The keys hanging from the ignition brushed my leg as I turned off into a gas station. This drew my attention to the myriad of little metal objects hanging there. As I pulled in front of the pump, I recognized one of the keys. It went to Alex and Steph's house in LA. I knew the property hadn't been sold – the lawyer had ensured me I would be informed of the sale. There was still furniture in it, as those items not already claimed by the family had been listed with the house. Technically, the house belonged to me. Therefore, I could reasonably crash there for the night. No one would be able to kick me out and I wouldn't run the risk of leaving behind a paper trail. I didn't stand outside the car while the pump worked. Instead, I reached over and dug the cell phone out of my bag. I wasn't expecting any messages, so the flashing notice in the upper-left corner of the screen surprised me. I scanned through the call list and didn't recognize the number. According to my phone, the number was based in Forks. I didn't understand who could have called me from there. I hadn't given my phone number to anyone from school and Julia was still at work. I almost didn't check the message. I almost reasoned that, since I was running for good, I would have to get a new number – a new account. I didn't need to be traceable. Solid as this logic was, I was not a logical creature. I was only human … sort of. I wanted to know who'd called. If I knew that, then perhaps I'd know who to be careful of in the future. It was the responsible thing to do. The pump stopped outside and I quickly returned it to its cradle. Not wanting to block the pump any longer than I had to, I pulled around to the side of the convenience station and parked. I hit the speed dial on my phone, typed in my password, and listened. Julia's voice came on the line, "Hey, Lily. It's Julia. I was just hoping to chat with you while I'm eating lunch. Look, I'm sorry I forgot to leave you the house key this morning, hun. I really hope Mrs. Cope got it to you before you left school. If not, and you get this, go ahead and go over to Chief Swan's house – he's our neighbor to the left. He has a key and can let you in." There was a brief pause, "Anyway, I just wanted to make sure you were okay. How'd your first day go – other than the missing key …," a soft chuckle that was stunted. "Well, I better not use up your answering machine. I'll see you when I get home at about nine tonight. Make sure and do your homework. There's leftover meatloaf in the fridge, if you get hungry. You can also order a pizza, if you want – just tell them to put it on my account; they know me. I love you. See you later." Instantly, I felt like the poorest excuse for a living organism that there could possibly be. In all my self-absorbed panicky haste, I had completely forgotten about Julia. Though her tone hadn't been distraught, I could hear the force behind the lightness. Julia had been calling to check on me. It had probably worried her stiff that I hadn't answered my phone. In the last few weeks, I'm sure she'd grown nervous about not knowing where her people were. How could I add to that worry? She'd been more than generous with me and this whole messed up situation. I didn't have the right to worry her further. I didn't have the right to simply up and disappear yet. She needed some time to recover from the loss of her brother before she had to go through another tragedy. If she made it home after work and found me missing, it would kill her. Before I'd made a conscious decision, I'd turned the car over and angled back toward the northern entrance to the interstate. I wasn't going to be responsible for another person's death, if I could help it. Especially not someone who'd taken me in when they didn't have to. I was back in Forks by eight-fifteen. The nervous alarming feeling hadn't disappeared but had, instead, been temporarily overshadowed by my resolve not to be the death of Julia Howard. When she got home, I'd warmed some meatloaf for her and was sitting at the kitchen table – every inch the attentive niece. We chatted a bit about my day – mostly I lied about it being pleasant. I didn't mention the Cullens. She hadn't asked for a thorough account, but I could tell she was pleased that I was sharing – as I said, she wasn't intrusive. Once she finished dinner, I excused myself to do homework and get ready for bed. The homework was minimal and I hardly needed to expend any mental energy to do it. Getting ready for bed is what took the longest. I dithered as I went about getting my pajamas and toiletries together. Considering the fright I'd already experienced today, I wasn't looking forward to surrendering to sleep. A/N: Thanks for reading! I'd really appreciate reviews. Translations: Excusez-moi, mais j'étais au milieu d'une conversation - Excuse me, but I was in the middle of a conversation. Oui, je peux voir. Je suis Lilianna Howard. On m'a dit de me présenter et de vous faire signer ce formulaire - Yes, I can see. I'm Lilianna Howard. I was told to introduce myself and make you sign this form. Oui, je le suis - Yes, I am. Pardonnez-moi, madame - Excuse me, ma'am. Qu'avez-vous dit - What did you say.