back over to the refrigerator. "Wow you almost had me going, where's Emmett? Emmett you can come out now, the joke is over. Ugh way over." Huh? "Bella I'm being serious." Did this woman not know me at all? Did she really think I would do something so low as to make a joke on my affections? I might actually be offended right now if I didn't love her so. "Yeah, sure you are and next week I'm having tea with the queen." She said in a rather poor British accent. Damn this woman and her constant stubbornness. "I'm serious Bella, and this isn't a joke. This isn't a prank. I like you. I want to date you. I want to get to know you and I want you to get to know me too." Please tell me I didn't need to break it down any further. Pretty soon I would have to resort to charades. Bella turned to me, her eyes were watering and she looked extremely pissed. Oh crap, I made her cry. Dammit Edward. "Why are you doing this? This isn't funny anymore, Edward. Please stop." Her voice pleaded. I took a hold of her again , "Why don't you believe me?" " You like me?" She spit. "Why would someone like you ever like me? Your Edward fucking Cullen, you could have anyone in the world both men and women would fall at your feet and you could take your pick." It wasn't my intention to engage in a yelling match but if raising my voice made her understand, I could be quite impressive, my dear. "Who gives a shit if I am Edward fucking Cullen; you said I could have my pick. Well I pick you. Why is that so hard for you to believe? Why do you always have to be so goddamn stubborn?" I calmed myself down and tried to start again more civilly. "Look, you hold all the cards here. Technically what I'm doing is crossing the line and you could sue me for sexual harassment. All I'm asking for is one date, just one. Please give me a chance." I was practically begging. Hell I was begging. Just when I thought Bella couldn't be any more absurd that night she let out a small giggle. Really Bella, I'm pouring my heart out over here and you feel the need to laugh at me? "Sorry it's just that Angel told Emmett that I could have charged him with sexual harassment because he hugged me the first time he met me. You had to be there." She apologized. "So are you going to give me a chance?" I waited for my fate to be determined. This had to be the longest moment of silence ever experienced. "Okay." She cringed. Touchdown! My smile started to rise, "Okay?" I repeated for confirmation. She nodded her head. That's okay I don't need verbal reply. "All right. Great! Uh...how about tomorrow night? Too soon? I just figure why wait, you know." God I sounded like some freshman. "No...I guess that would be okay." Bella slowly said every word like she had to think on it. She still seemed unconvinced. I would give her the best date and she would never question the sincerity of my feelings for her again. "Well, you probably should get to bed. I know we have a long day tomorrow and I wouldn't want to be the cause of your exhaustion." Yet. Stop it Edward! She turned from me awkwardly, man I didn't want her to go to bed feeling awkward. Knowing her she would just think on this too much and by tomorrow morning she would have conjured up a thousand reasons why to not go on our date. "Bella." I quickly grabbed her hand. "Thank you for the honor of taking you to dinner tomorrow night. I want you to feel comfortable so I hope you won't mind if I cook for you tomorrow evening. So we could just have a nice relaxed evening." She nodded her head and I brought her hand to my lips one last time and wished her a good night. As soon as she left the room, I practically fell to the floor. I swear my back must have been wet from sweat. If I was going to make tomorrow magical, then I needed to talk to Alice in the morning. There was no way I was going to be able to find all the supplies I needed and put it all together by tomorrow evening. Bella Swan. Isabella Swan. There was a loud banging noise. "Uncle Edward." I shot up out of bed from the dream of Bella's and my first kiss. My Bella still lying beside me unresponsive. I must have fallen asleep because the room was now filled with light. "Uncle Edward." It was Gracie and she was getting rather impatient. I rubbed the sleep out of my eyes. "Yes Gracie, come in." Gracie opened the bedroom door and walked in carrying her book. She had been coming here for the past couple of weeks always reading to Bella from the same book. Two Moons The sequel that Bella had been working on before the attack. She had finally directed her first feature film based off a wildly popular book series. Gracie loved this book too and she thought it was her duty to read to Bella everyday knowing how much Bella poured over the book during the filming. "It's my turn. Uncle Jacob asked to speak to you. So I will watch Mommy." Gracie said. "Okay sweetheart. I have the monitor with me if you should need anything." I reminded her. If I did leave the bedroom for any length of time I would carry the baby monitor around with me just I case she woke up. As soon as I left the bedroom, I because nervous. I hated leaving Bella's side. Whatever Jacob wanted to talk about, it better be good.