albums. One full of happy, cheesy American Top Forty music and the other will be your edgier stuff. This is where it gets complicated. You are going to present your awesome cheesy pop album to the executives but you are going to tell them that in order for them to acquire your album you want them to do a limited release of the second album. If that album sells then we're all winners if it doesn't then they still have the first to fall back on." "That may work but then both albums will need to be flawless. Night and day on content but perfected." "Then we better get started. It's a good thing that I have friends in high places." Embry said. "I invited over Levi Grimes; don't fuck this up." Levi Grimes. Renowned music producer; mostly hip hop but he was talented and lately for shits and giggles started branching out to other music genres. If he was really going to help me and my album failed then it would be me who fucked up. "Don't go getting all nervous." Embry noticed my face pale. There was a knock on the door and Derrick brought our guest in. Levi Grimes. He looked me over and walked toward us and placed his notebook down. "All right, let's get started." Levi said. Levi was really easy to work with; he wouldn't tell you something wasn't working he would just make you keep going over and over until it did finally work. I was so captivated by him and his method that I hadn't even realized that Embry had left to go and pick up the girls from school. I thought it was best to work on the pop album first but Levi said I should work on what inspires me first. When I was able to complete the songs that I was really proud and excited for it would push me to complete tracks that I may have only felt obligated to do. Levi came back and helped me the rest of the week. I don't even know looking back if Edward truly grasped just how much Levi had done for him. It was because of this new focus that I was able to start to heal. Music was able to do more for me mentally than any other device. However when I did finally see Edward in person the first time; I still wasn't ready. I had been at Embry's house for almost a week. I had decided to run to the grocery store and help Embry out since we were running low on things. The other solace I found was in baking. Every day the girls would come home and I would spend time with them; baking. Eventually, if I kept this up we would all need to go on some serious diets but for now I felt at peace in the kitchen. I had finished my shopping and was loading up the car when I saw him. I froze for a second and involuntarily took a step back towards the rear of the car. Edward held up his hands and walked slowly. "Bella, I'm not going to hurt you. Please. I just want to talk to you." He looked like shit; he looked like the way I looked when I first arrived at Embry's maybe even worse. His hair was tussled and looked unwashed. He was unshaven but what shocked me the worst was his eyes. Both had bags and dark circles except for his right eye. His right eye looked puffy and purple like someone had punched him. "Sweetheart, can I just.." I cut him off, "Don't sweetheart me. Sweetheart is a term of endearment; it is meant to be said with love and affection. There was no love or affection with what you did to me." Edward sagged and his face contorted into pain. "Bella, please…I'm so sorry. I feel sick with what I did to you…please…" "Go home Edward. I refuse to be a victim to your Tria Fata belief system." I was surprised at myself. "Bella, this isn't Tria Fata ; what I did to you was all me. I was the monster. I fucked up and now it lost me the only thing I ever loved. Please, I am begging you please just hear what I have to say. Give me a chance to make this up to you." "Make this up to me? What? Do you think you can go off and buy me a pony or some fancy house and I will just forget all the promises you made to me and broke to me? You want to make this up to me, I need time. And while you leave me and family alone I want you to practice saying, Bella, I abused you. Because that's what you did; you abused me. You are no better than any other abusive asshole out there. And maybe just maybe I will someday come back to you and hear an apology but for right now, just stay the hell away from me." I turned to walk to the driver side of the car. "Bella." Edward called out to me. "I'm not leaving. I will stay here the rest of my life until you are ready." I slammed my door shut and started the car. I couldn't look back; I couldn't look and see Edward. I managed to make it all the way back to the house with slow tears to slightly obstruct my vision but the moment I turned off the car I could no longer hold back and I sobbed for the life that once had. Was it possible that just three weeks ago, all my dreams were coming true? I was engaged. My career was on track. I was finally surrounded by family and friends. All the things that I had wished, prayed and hoped for on a silver platter and poof just like that my whole world came crashing down.