of a night to turn in early. I had my birthday brunch in the morning with the girls and I needed to be rested to be on top of my game with those two. "So no birthday at the beach? No yacht?" Lauren asked just after I had just finished telling of my disastrous dinner the night before. Of course I left out the part about the homeless man and the traffic jam I caused on Sunset Boulevard. "No Michael?" Jessica added. I sighed and shook my head. "So...then where are we going to celebrate your birthday?" Lauren asked. "I don't think I want a birthday party this year. It's always the same old thing. I just want to not be reminded that I am another year older." I sighed. Or reminded that another year has passed and I am still the same person with no advancement in her life. "You're so depressing, I like need a Prozac just to talk to you." Lauren rolled her eyes. "Oh my god, look who just walked in. Jacob Black. Man, Bella you have all the best celebrity sightings on your birthday." Jessica's eyes glossed over and both Lauren and I careened our necks to get a look at the hottest actor in the world. Jacob Black, Hollywood's bad boy and the sexiest man on the planet. He was only twenty-five and already on everyone's radar. His perfect Blacky hair and don't even get me started on that body. I could roll sushi on those abs. I smiled just picturing it for a second. "Damn, he is fine." Lauren drooled. "He's not with anyone...that's surprising. Why would you come to The Ivy to be seen alone?" Jessica pondered. "I am looking exceptionally hot. I think I'm going to go for it." Lauren perked up her boobs and does a once over in her compact. "You don't mind, do you Bella?" "Why would I care? I would love to see you make an ass out of yourself in front of Jacob Black. This is like the best birthday present ever." I laughed. "We'll see who's laughing when I land a date." Lauren stood up and exited our table. I wish I had her self-confidence but then again there is such a thing as too much self-confidence. Both Jessica and I watched as Lauren shook her ass over to Jacob Black's table. She tried all her best moves and within less than a minute she is escorted away from the table by one of Jacob's security team. Jessica and I are both laughing as Lauren sits back down. She is not happy. "Rejected?" I asked. "Whatever, Bella...let's see you make it past the velvet rope. He's obviously here on business and doesn't want to be disturbed." She made an excuse. "That's okay...I don't need validation from Jacob Black, I already know I'm hot." I replied. "Because you know you can't get on his radar either...you may be rich but you're not famous. I bet that you couldn't get Jacob Black to even notice you were alive." "I feel a bet coming on." Jessica sang. "I don't need to make a silly bet." I assured. "Because you know you would fail." Lauren incited. Fail. I hated that word. I was Isabella Swan. I don't fail. Anymore at least. "What's the bet?" I took the bait. Lauren thought for a second while she looked over at Jacob Black for inspiration. "I bet...that you couldn't get Jacob Black's attention. Let's say you have to be in his presence for at least one hour. And thirty minutes of that time has to be full on conversation." She began. I sat there and thought about it. "And...you're not allowed to use money as a way to get to him." She added. "What is that supposed to mean?" I asked. "It means that you can't bid on some celebrity auction to "win a date with" or you can't buy you're way in to one of his events or even buy you're way into a club that he attends. You have to access him without using daddy's credit card." "That's like impossible." Jessica noted. "You'll have to rely on your looks and charming personality, Bella." Lauren mocked. It was impossible. How the hell was I supposed to get on Jacob Black's radar without using money? But seeing that smug look on Lauren's face made me want to say yes, just to shock her shit so bad that I'd wipe the "C's" of her favorite lambskin Chanel purse. "If I win this bet...and you lose then...you are not allowed anywhere near fashion week for the whole year. No Paris. No New York. No Milan. Not even L.A." I knew I hit the motherlode. Jessica's jaw dropped and Lauren, I could tell suddenly didn't think this was such a good idea. She closed her mouth and I could practically see her makeup working overtime due to perspiration. Lauren swallowed before answering. "And if I win?" "Name your terms." "If I win...I want your dad's yacht." "I can't give you something that isn't mine." I laughed. "No but you can talk him into letting me take it for a spin during the spring for my vacay down to St. Croix...which you will pay for, if you can afford it..." She went for it. She knew that my dad and I weren't on great terms and this would be the salt in the wound but then again I did threaten the holy of holies, fashion week. The one thing Lauren lived for in life. It's what separated her from the commoners. "You have yourself a bet, Miss Malloy." It was such a stupid bet. I didn't have one idea of how I would ever get to Jacob Black without being able to buy my way through but I wasn't going to give up. Who knew that the homeless man with his weird brown colored hair would be my meal ticket to shutting up Lauren for good.