She cringed. "He asked you, didn't he?" "You knew?" I gasped. "We tried to tell him that now wasn't the right time." We walked in through the main doors and she gave me a sympathetic shoulder rub. "Alice!" She called out and, instantly, Alice came buzzing from the office. Alice with her tummy getting rounder stopped short seeing me and cringed as well. "Ah shit. He asked you, didn't he?" "What the fuck? Did like everyone know but me?" I complained. "Ah hell, Bella. We tried to talk some sense into him. You…are in the middle of school and you're still young. He has to remember that you two are eight years apart and aren't on the same wave length." Alice began to explain. "I don't think we're on the same planet, let alone wave length." I replied, picking up my apron. "In fact…I don't think we should stay together." Both Alice and Rosalie paused what they were setting up and snapped their heads to me. "Bella." Alice shook her head in disappointment, "Don't say that." "Yeah, come on. It's just one fight." Rosalie added. "It's not about a fight. He wants to have children. You would want me to stay with him even if I got him to agree to give up his dreams? I love him way too much to allow that." "You don't ever think you'll want children?" Rosalie asked. "I don't know." I shrugged, "When I think about it, it scares me to death. I don't want fuck up some kid." "Are we ready to open?" Emmett came barreling out of the swinging door. "Little B! I thought you had finals this week?" All of us halted the conversation. "Oh…uh…needed a break." Emmett scratched his head, looked around, and saw all of our slightly unhappy faces. "Well, I guess I will go and open the door, if that's fine with all of you." We didn't reply so he gave out a huff and walked toward the front doors. "Bella, you are not leaving my brother." Alice turned on me with her spoon, "We all have invested way too much time into this relationship for you to fuck it up." "Hey." I stated, offended. "Oh come off it. You and Edward belong together and even though you can't see the future, it doesn't mean you don't have one. You are going to serve and then go home and work this out." She ordered. People started filing in, halting me from a rebuttal, so I just stood behind my pan and did my job. About a half hour later, Edward came in. "How did you know?" I asked, wondering who gave me up. "Emmett." He stated. "I thought we agreed no soup kitchen or food truck until after finals." "What's the point? I'll probably fail the class anyway. Topics of Modern Chemistry isn't ever going to make any sense to me." "You're having trouble? I thought you were good this semester." He inquired. I shook my head, "No…in fact, I have a feeling that because of this stupid final, I'll probably be placed on academic probation. School just isn't coming back to me. It's been too long." I sighed, scooping another helping of mashed potatoes and placing them on the plate. "Would you just stop that? Why didn't you tell me you were having trouble? I could have helped you." "Look, Edward can we not be angry or disappointed with one another in more than one topic at a time?" I finally looked over to him, "I'm sorry I fucked up your proposal. I'm sorry that I can't give you what you want…and deserve. I'm just not turning out to be the woman you thought I was." Edward pulled the spoon out of my hand and spun me around toward the swinging door, pushing me through it. "Edward." I protested. "My station." "You aren't even supposed to be here." He snapped. "Why would you not tell me you were having trouble?" "You think I'm really going to tell my Ivy League boyfriend that I can't even handle a prerec?" I spit. "Your damn stubbornness is going to be the end of us. I swear." He growled, throwing his hands up in the air. "No, I think today was the end of us." I yelled back. "Oh come off it, Bella. You really think I'm going to let all your insecurities end us? Please! I already figured out a way to fix your perception." "Fix it? What are you going to do? Club me over the head and drag me off to your cave." I snapped. "No." He huffed, "I hired a detective. It's time you found out where you came from." I immediately ceased any more verbal attacks and instantly melted. Our little fight had Edward breathing hard and sweaty. I was embarrassed about my schooling. I was ashamed. But he was right, I needed something and I was never going to be able to find my future until I discovered my past. AN: First of all I was happy to be apart of FICSISTERS dot com Signed, Sealed and Delivered feature this week for the Lottery of Life. If you want to read it, the article is up on it's homepage currently. Secondly I want to thank everyone who went over and tried out my new story, Loathing You . I am sending the next chapter to my beta tonight and hope to have it posted soon. I also want to thank all of you who decided to continue on with this Edward and Bella. I am honored you want to read what happens next. I will try and post an update at least once a week for this story. Thank you again for all your support. I appreciate all your feedback and taking the time to read. Last but certainly not least, much love for my beta Robstenvampgirl and all her hard work with juggling my multiple stories. Character credit to Stephanie Meyer. Story is mine.