to Dartmouth but you had your heart set on it so I applied and this was the plan." "You're being stupid. You're not basing this life altering decision on me. Go to the school you want to go to. I'm going to community college and I will still be here when you come home for summers and breaks. God, Edward." She yelled and then threw her pencil across the bedroom hitting the wall with a light thud. "Now who's being stupid? I'm not going to go off while you waste your potential in some lame ass community college. You're better than that. You're going to get in, dammit." I shouted back. "It doesn't fucking matter how smart I am, Edward. I know I can get into Dartmouth because I already got my acceptance letter and I can't afford to go." She hollered while opening her desk drawer and throwing her acceptance letter at me. "So I apologize if I sit here and waste my potential in some lame ass community college but that's life. So go to fucking Dartmouth or Harvard or wherever your little pocketbook desires and leave us penniless peons alone." It was the first time we ever fought. She jumped up from her bed and stormed out of the bedroom all the way down the stairs and out the door before I could even react. Part of me was instantly upset at her. Did she know about my family's money? Did she just throw that in my face? No she couldn't have. I was extremely careful. Then I felt guilty that I was sitting here worrying about something so trivial while Bella was out probably in the woods behind her house crying about her lost chances for higher education. I felt like such a douche. Here I was parading my letters of acceptance around to all these glorious Ivy League schools and she had finally achieved her dream school acceptance letter and she would never be able to afford it. "Bella." I called out for her when my foot hit the pavement as I exited her house. I jogged off to the woods trying to search for her, finding her sitting on a massive tree log with tears running down her face. "Leave me alone." She whispered. "No." I said determined. "What happened? I thought you were going to apply for scholarships." "It wouldn't do a damn bit of good." She tried to blink her tears away. "It's fine. Whatever. I don't need a Dartmouth degree to teach English." "It's your dream." I replied. "Dreams are just that, dreams. I live in reality and the reality of the situation is that people like me aren't meant for anything greater than this." She held up her hands displaying the area surrounding us. "That's horse shit." I spit. "Bella, you are smarter than that. It doesn't always take money to become something great. You're just using that as an excuse." "Yeah well this is my decision. As my friend I expect you to honor it." She paused while I quietly fumed crossing my arms over my chest as my mind worked a mile a minute to figure out how I could get her to Dartmouth. "So…what school will be blessed with Edward Masen's presence?" She asked hopping off her log and slightly wavering. "I don't know. I had believed so much in the plan that now I just don't know ." I responded while helping to steady her. That had always been my unspoken job; making sure to help Bella keep her balance. "Hey, you're my best friend and I will kick your ass if you don't go Ivy League. I believe that you were meant for greatness and I hate being wrong so you better hop to it." She gave me a watery smile trying to hold it in. I loved her. I stared out the window still not wanting Dr. Harper to see my misty eyes. "God, how I loved her." I stopped fearful if I broke down now I might never stop crying. I was Edward Cullen. I don't do tears. I never even found them acceptable from any past girlfriends. The moment one of them started with the waterworks I would instantly get rid of her. I didn't want weak people around me. "And then what happened?" Dr. Harper asked quietly. I didn't answer. "Have you ever thought of trying to find her?" Dr. Harper changed direction. "With your resources; I'm sure it wouldn't be difficult. "She's getting married. She's engaged to some guy she met at community college. They've been engaged for a long time. Some guy named Jacob." I spit. Just thinking about it made me want to destroy something. "Can we stop? I need to stop." I insisted. "Sure. When you're ready please make an appointment with Heather." She stood up from her chair and started to walk me out just before she arrived at her door she turned to me. "Edward, I'm really proud of you. You are making great progress and I believe that if you allow yourself to work through this then maybe you can find peace." I nodded thinking on her words. As I exited I continued to think the elevator ride down the twenty stories building and then even more so as I entered my car. "Where to sir?" Seth asked. "Home. We're done here." I answered short. I was done with Dr. Caroline Harper. I could no longer see that woman. My time with her had runs its course. I didn't want to think about Bella. I didn't want to sit in a room and pour my guts out on the girl I love. She was in my past and if she was truly the key to me finding peace; I guess I will never find peace. AN: Updates on Tuesday's. Thank you for taking the time to read and review. Please note that there will be future lemons as well as discussions of physical abuse.