had just abandoned and delivered her speech word perfect on the first try. She felt awful for doing so, it was not her intention to make her sister look bad but she had learned that messing up for the sake of her sister did not help Alice in any way. There was no need for both of their backsides to blaze as they sat at dinner later that evening. "Correct. Step back." Master Cullen said once Rosalie was finished. No good job or any kind word was said. "Rosalie, you may spend Sunday as you wish. Alice, you are restriction and will spend the day in your room. Tomorrow evening at dinner, you will recite the monologue for us and if you are unsuccessful, than you will not receive dinner. Do you understand?" "Yes, father." Alice managed before looking back down to the wooden floor. "Rosalie you are dismissed. Alice, come behind the desk to receive your punishment." Isabella noted as the blond girl gave a look of sorrow toward her sister before leaving the room. Rosalie waited on the other side of the door with her ear up against it. She knew what kind of trouble she would be in if her father knew she was listening but she wanted to know how bad Alice's punishment was going to be. She imagined at least ten but her father did look exceptionally crossed that evening when they entered. Rosalie wondered if it had anything to do with the woman standing in the back of the room. Isabella could not believe what she had just witnessed. But the worse was still to come. Alice walked over toward her father's desk and bent over, placing her hands on the cool hard surface. Master Cullen proceeded to lift up the young girl's dark dress and pull her underwear down. Isabella felt her jaw drop as she understood what she was about to witness. "Alice, your marks in math were unacceptable and the reading tonight was very disappointing. You will receive five for the first infraction and five for the second for a total of ten." "Yes, father." The young girl replied. Isabella couldn't believe the sound of Master Cullen's voice. He sounded as if he was no more than explaining how to park a car or some other trivial task. For someone who punished so harshly, you would think he would be yelling or spitting his words at her but he was calm and collected. Isabella wanted to scream the first time she heard the smack of the ruler as it came down across Alice's backside. Alice winced and wanted to cry out herself but she knew it would be worse if she vocalized her pain during punishment. That was a weakness, something her father did not approve of. The ruler came down once more and heated Alice's tender flesh. She wanted to squirm but she held firm on the desk as she squeezed her eyes tight but as she drew closer to the final swat, she let out a squeak and her tears fell down toward the desk. Isabella could feel herself tearing up at the sight as Master Cullen repeated the smacks over and over again. Alice gave a sigh of relief, standing back up and waiting for her father to pull up her panties and place her dress back in its spot. There were no words for what Isabella had just witnessed. Sure she had been corporally punished when she was growing up. Her father was stern but he was also loving. The most she had ever received were a couple of smacks of his hand on her backside and even that ended by the time she was eight. Alice shuffled out of the office quickly while Master Cullen placed the ruler back into his desk. Isabella wanted to step forward and tell him off before leaving for good but she knew that she really couldn't afford to leave here. She also knew that those girls needed her more than ever. "Miss Swan, dinner is in ten minutes. I trust that you will want to change before then. Jasper has already seen that your bags are in your room and unpacked. He will take you there now. You are dismissed." Once again, Isabella's blood began to boil. "Mr. Cullen…" "Sir." He corrected. "You haven't read the guidebook yet so I understand your ignorance but I wished to be addressed as sir or Master Cullen." Isabella nearly wasn't able to stop herself from rolling her eyes. "Sir." She said rather sarcastically. "You may call me, Lady Isabella from the house of Swan." She shouldn't have done that but he was making her more and more upset at every word to come out of his mouth. He narrowed his eyes and his chest puffed up from her insolence. "I require respect from my servants and do not tolerate rudeness. Now, I will speak to you after dinner as I clarified early. You are dismissed." She had no choice but to leave because if she hadn't, she would most likely assault her new employer. Isabella knew she mustn't lose her head. The only way to combat a person like Master Cullen was to beat them at their own game. She would read through the entire guidebook and find every argument she could. Mr. Whitlock was awaiting her outside the study when she arrived but the only thing that interested her at the moment was the file in her hands. She had a feeling she would be late for that evening's required dinner and what is it that Master Cullen said regarding tardiness? He didn't tolerate it? Isabella had a feeling that she was about to hear a great deal on the many things he wouldn't tolerate. AN: Thank you for taking the time to read. This is the first story I have ever written in the third person. I appreciate any constructive reviews or comments. Story is mine. Characters belong to Stephenie Meyer.