much, and you know it." "The county is giving us our own police department and naming me Chief. The counsel is planning to name you and Jared lead deputies and we're going to start recruiting new patrolmen next summer." I fell silent in shock. The stakes had gone higher. The county awarding us our own department, giving us money to hire more men, and giving us the power to control everything was a big step. We wouldn't just be a reservation on the outskirts of a small town. We would be our own town and no one could come in and try to take over if they thought we weren't taking care of things. "You never said…" I said slowly. "I'm saying now." He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "Paul, it's more than just us now. Remember… remember when I wanted someone to arrest my Dad for hitting my mom? Or when you wanted someone to find out who kept stealing your tires junior year? Or that time those Forks kids broke into the elementary school and broke all the windows. "No one ever found out who did it." I cut in. "What if we could find them?" He whispered. We sat in silence in the dark then, both of us toying with the idea of changing the reservation, a place we both kind of hated but loved anyway. The trees outside whistled as I sat rolling over his words. I was still angry at the suggestion of rehab. I hadn't been drunk when I decided to hit my replacement. I had drunk a few beers this morning but nothing serious. But that probably made it worse for my case that I was sober when I decided to break Call's face in. I also knew I was getting off easy. If I had a temper, Sam's was just as legendary. The possibility of a new job and what it would mean for the tribe meant Sam was keeping himself in check. Any other day he would have likely yelled at me until his own face was blue. The idea that he was already changing annoyed me. "So after all these years… either I fall in line or you cut me off?" "No Paul… I want you standing with me. But I can't do that if I don't trust you to stand on your own two feet. I can't do that if you aren't all here. I know it's been hard without Ra – "Don't" I shifted in my seat uncomfortably. Sam sighed tiredly, "I know it's been hard without her. But you and her… it's not it man. There is a lot more to you brother. I wish you could see that." I let us fall into silence again. I stared quietly at the back of my old Jeep; Jared had beaten us to the house and was sitting quietly inside the car with the lights off. It was strange how he always knew when to leave us alone and when to pop in and provide the comedic relief between the three of us. He might not be part of the conversation, but I knew he was likely endorsing this talk. I also knew even he was having doubts about my sanity lately. He kept dropping hints about how I should cut back on drinking. Every now and again he would play mediation videos while we worked the desk at our make-shift station near the center of the reservation. I would tease him mercilessly but he would always end it with, 'give it a chance man, it's supposed to help with stress." I knew they were both worried about me. I shifted my gaze to my swollen knuckles. In the dark the moonlight made them seem almost deformed. An image that wasn't far off from what I had been feeling for months now. "What if it doesn't work?" I didn't specify what I was asking about. Sam took a moment to respond, "What is there to lose? Win or lose we will always be brothers." I snorted, "Let's not make this a lifetime moment now Uley." He left out a soft laugh. "But," I added, "Even brothers beat the shit out of each other and can end up hating each other." "Yea, but it doesn't take away the fact that they're still brothers" he was quick to reply. The quiet night settled around us again. Jared had reclined his seat inside my car, tired of waiting for me to make my way out of the car. I let my mind wander of what would happen if I left. I would never have to see the people in this town again. I would never have to see her again. I could travel anywhere and make my way, working odd jobs, maybe even going back to school. But could I do it knowing I wasn't ever going to see the sunrise on the cliffs again. Could I leave and know I wasn't going to walk quietly through the woods on the way to Jared's house after a heavy snowfall. Would I be able to live without talking to Sam and Jared about what we did all day? Half our conversations were dumb but every now and then we threw in some serious things, like today. I hated a lot of things about the reservation but I had never hated the actual place. It was what annoyed her most about me and our relationship. She had always been desperate to leave and see the world. Meanwhile, I could sit by a tree and marvel at the world in my backyard. "Okay" I broke the stillness between us. Sam turned to me in the darkness as I pulled open my door to get out. "Just, okay?" he questioned. "Yea, okay. I'll go, but you better visit me." I slammed the car door and went to wake up Jared. (Disclaimer: Don't own these character but I do own this plot idea!)