while he went around to the other side. The engine started with an angry roar and Jacob backed out onto the road while I cranked up the heat. I shivered in my seat until he looked over at me with a roll of his eyes and pulled me across the seat to his side. He put his long hot arm around my shoulders and I leaned my head against his chest comfortably, staring at the hole in my dashboard. "If I buy a new stereo for this thing would you put it in?" I queried a little while later, missing my radio for the first time in awhile. "Uh, yea, of course, but I thought you didn't like music," his voice was confused. "I don't…I didn't, I just…kind of miss it," I shrugged. He nodded happily. "That's a good thing, Bells," he assured me with a smile, changing lanes. We were quiet then; only the loud noise of the engine filled the cab and I listened to Jake's heart beat loud and even in my ear. It was nice like this. I liked the steady weight of his arm over my shoulder and the comfort I felt in it. He made me feel safe. And I knew that as long as he was around, I would be. He had better self control than anyone in the pack, except maybe Sam. I was never in danger of him phasing too near me because I knew that with the simple touch of my hand and sound of my voice I could calm him down faster than anything else. Because that was how it was supposed to be. Jake 'n' Bella, best friends, soul mates. Jacob stopped in front of my dark house and cut the engine. The sudden silence was deafening and he threw his other arm around me, crushing me against his chest in a warm hug. I wrapped my arms around his torso and gripped him tightly back. This felt nice, like I was a whole person again. And when I'm with him, I actually am a whole person. " Sorry. I know you don't feel exactly the way I do, Bells. I swear I don't mind. I'm just so happy when I'm with you that I could sing - and that's something no one wants to hear." He laughed his throaty laugh in my ear. My breathing kicked up a notch. Wouldn't Edward, indifferent as he might be, want me to be as happy as was possible under the circumstances? Wouldn't enough friendly emotion linger for him to want that much for me? I thought he would. He wouldn't begrudge me this: giving the love he didn't want to my friend Jacob. After all, it wasn't the same love at all ; not less, just different, better. Jake pressed his warm cheek against the top of my hair. If I turned my face to the side - if I pressed my lips against his bare shoulder…I knew without a doubt exactly what would follow. It would be very easy. There would be no need for explanations tonight. But could I do it? Could I betray my absent heart to save my pathetic life? Butterflies assaulted my stomach as I thought about turning my head. And then, as clearly as if I were in immediate danger, Edward's velvet voice whispered in my ear. " Be happy," he told me. I froze. Jacob felt me stiffen and released me automatically, reaching for the door. But I caught his arm and pulled it back around me. "What's the hurry?" I asked softly, hugging him tightly again. He put his arms around me and we stayed that way for a little while longer. I wondered if I should turn my head. Edward wanted to be happy. His velvet voice told me that much, and I had this weird feeling in the pit of my stomach that I wouldn't hear it again, that it wasn't going to make anymore appearances. But somehow, I couldn't find it anywhere in me to be sad about it. In Jacob's arms, it was hard to be sad about anything. I felt a little piece of my heart click back into place and I smiled. I took a steadying breath and turned my head slowly, pressing my lips to his shoulder firmly. He pulled away slightly, keeping his arms around me as he met my eyes. Slowly, ever so slowly, he bent his head towards mine, inching his lips closer. He finally stopped, less than an inch away, and with a deep breath I closed the gap. My eyes flew open at the contact then fluttered shut again. It was so surprising and not like anything I'd experienced. Edward's lips were cold and hard, mine always molding to their shape. But Jacob's lips were hot and soft, and we each gave way to each other's kiss, fusing into a new shape, rather than changing altogether. It was thrilling, exhilarating, beautiful. Jacob broke the kiss before pressing his lips back to mine once, twice, a third time. Finally he pulled away with a smile that rivaled all his others, filling the cab of my truck with warmth that had everything to do with the boy giving it. "I've wanted to do that since the day you brought those motorcycles," he announced breathily. I let out a small laugh as he rested his forehead on mine. "Want some dinner?" I asked, "I've gotta feed Charlie." "Sure, sure," he agreed happily, opening the door and coming around quickly to help me out. "Oh, shit," I grumbled as I looked down at what I was wearing. "What?" he asked, confused. "I left my clothes at your house." I frowned unhappily. "Oh, no probs, I'll wash em and bring em back to you." I shook my head. "Just keep em. I might need em one of these days." I slipped my hand in his as we headed towards the house. Please review(: -Sarah Elizabeth