your blood.' 'I see. That's the kind of answer that I was hoping for.' 'Are you serious about Caius? How do you feel about him?' 'I don't think I feel anything for him, only you. I don't think I can stay with him, not anymore.' 'I want you to be with me instead.' 'How long have you wanted that for?' Curiosity got the better of me. 'Now I think about it... ever since I met you.' 'I know what I have to go and do now. I have to break it off with Caius; I'm dreading it so much. I don't wish to hurt him.' 'Do you want me to be there?' 'No, I have to do this alone.' I walked out of the room, hearting pounding in my chest as I went to find Caius. I almost backed out but I knew I couldn't delay it any longer, I wanted out now. I found him in the front room, reading a book. He looked up and beamed at me. 'Hello there; I've missed you.' 'Erm, listen... There's something I have to tell you... Well...' I struggled to think of the next words to say to him. I felt terrible for doing it. 'Are you okay?' he asked, with a worried expression on his face. 'Yes. Caius, I don't want to be with you anymore. I want to be with Aro and he wants the same.' He looked blank for what seemed like an awfully long time. Finally, he spoke. 'If you just didn't want to be with me anymore, I'd respect your decision no matter how much it hurts me. If you don't love me anymore then I have to let you go, I only want you to be happy. However, I cannot accept you being with Aro. I don't trust him and he will destroy you. He doesn't have the self control that I do and he certainly doesn't love you like I do. If he doesn't hurt you physically, then he will definitely hurt you emotionally. I'm sorry Hazel; I can't sit back and watch that happen.' 'You can't stop me being with him.' 'You're quite right but I can try and make you understand what he is really like. I still care about your welfare, no matter what. I will always love you.' I left the room and went up to Aro's room but he wasn't in there, so I entered and sat down waiting for him to come back. I noticed a piece of old and worn looking paper sticking out from under the sofa I was sitting on. Curious, I picked it up. I was bewildered by what I discovered. It was a love spell. And it had my name on it. I felt numb. I leapt up quickly so I could get out before Aro came back and I rushed to Caius. 'What's this about?' I asked full of panic, as if I didn't already know. Caius's expression changed dramatically, he looked full of rage. 'He... he made me love him? With a spell?' 'That's exactly what that imbecile did. I'm going to undo the spell, don't you worry about that. You shouldn't ever be forced to love someone.' He took out a huge book from the bookcase. 'Please excuse me for a moment.' He swept out of the room. A few minutes passed by and I just stared at the door waiting for him to return. When he finally did enter the room, I was overcome with emotions and ran over to him and hugged him so tight. 'It's you, it's always been you. I'm so sorry. Will you forgive me?' 'Of course I will, miss. It wasn't your fault. He will pay for this; I shall make sure of it. He has never been a good person and he never will be. This is the last straw.' Caius left to go and find Aro. I didn't know what was going to happen next. I felt on edge until he came back an hour later. 'He told me he didn't love you. The reason why he did it was because he wanted you to end it with me. He wrongly assumed that if you broke it off with me that I wouldn't hate him for giving into the temptation of your blood. The truth is, I don't care what you do to me; I will always care about what happens to you. I would never tolerate that. Anyway, he won't be doing anything again.' 'Where is he now?' I asked, shuddering at the thought of him now. 'I destroyed him. He should have learnt before not to mess with me. We won't ever see him again.' 'How do you feel about that?' I asked him. 'Relieved.' He smirked. 'I'm going to always feel like the place is haunted by him now.' 'Oh, that's okay; I was thinking we should relocate anyway. How would you feel about a log cabin in the woods?' 'I've always wanted one of those.' I informed him, exciting building up. 'That's good. I built one of them the other day.' His face lit up. 'Come on, I'll show you.' He lifted me up into his arms and we were there within seconds. 'It's a lot bigger than I expected, it's amazing! Is this really for us?' 'Yes, it is.' He beamed. 'Thank you!' I felt elated. 'But before we go in, there's something I haven't done for a while that I'd really like to do right now.' He leaned in and gave me a kiss. 'Not so long ago, I thought I'd never get to do that again.' He placed his hand on my cheek. 'I'm so happy you're mine. Now let's never let anything come between us again.' 'Never.' I agreed. Suddenly, I felt the urge to make a request for something that I wasn't sure that he would do. 'Will you make me like you tonight?' 'You mean... a vampire?' 'Yes.' 'We shall see.' He smiled.