of a friend. And after everything he'd done for our pack having that death delivered by the pack alpha was an act of respect he more than deserved. That I was that pack alpha instead of Sam was a circumstance I was unfortunately going to live to regret. Lost in thought, and the solemnity of the occasion, none of us noticed the quiet figures that slunk through the shadows at the fire's edge and disappeared into the woods. Meanwhile, in Italy… "She's here, my lord." The man sitting at the head of room stared indolently at his fingernails. Stupid peasants. He'd known the girl was here almost the moment her feet had touched Italian soil. He just hadn't decided what he wanted to do about it yet. It may have been years, but the sting of humiliation was still fresh. And Carlisle…The betrayal at the hands of one of his own cut deep. It was a humiliation they would pay dearly for, one way or another, and now that stupid girl had played right into his hands. "Is that all you have for me?" he asked, bored. The man's eyes widened. He had thought his news would be welcomed by the powerful Volturi, perhaps that he and his family would be rewarded. He hadn't counted on indifference. "Yes, my lord," he stammered, confidence dissipating in front of the hawk-eyed, predatory stares of the men in front of him. The man standing at Aro's right hand watched him with flat, dispassionate eyes. He had the look of a man who could squash the peasant like a bug with very little remorse. Or let him go. The figure quivering on the floor, all too aware of the hooded bodies closing in on him, had a feeling that this man, with his dark hair and dark eyes and unnaturally pale skin, did not truly care whether he lived or died so long as he no longer held up the workings of his court. Aro was another story altogether. He may have appeared bored, studying the rings on the fingers of the white hands protruding from the old fashioned velour of his black bolero jacket, but his eyes flashed with fury. This was a man who did not tolerate being wronged. The news that Bella Black, nee Swan, was in Italy, with her children in tow and without the protection of her husband and his pack, should have been welcomed. The peasant had a feeling he had just made a grievous mistake. Glancing over to the guard on his left, Aro flicked his fingers. A pair of muscled guards with skin as pale as Aro's own appeared out of nowhere from the back of the huge courtroom, flanking him, catching his arms and pinning them behind his back. There's a moment of clarity when you're facing your own death, followed by a moment of confusion in which you believe that somehow, if you just fight hard enough, you'll be able to escape the inescapable realization that the monsters are actually going to eat you and there's nothing you can do about it. The man fought as he'd never fought before, thrashing against the cold steel of the hands holding him back. It was then that his executioner looked at him, really looked at him, for the first time. Fear transformed from an amorphous thing to a live wire in his belly. The eyes that pinned him down weren't dark, as he'd previously believed, but were in fact a blazing, unnatural red. The man on his right bent down, pulling his head back to expose the flesh of the neck for his hungry teeth. In that instant the peasant realized that every story he'd ever heard but dismissed about the Volturi and their unnatural origins were absolutely true. As teeth broke through flesh waves of flame flow edthrough his veins, burning while his life's blood poured out. The last thing he saw before his eyes fluttered shut for the last time were the heads bent low, murmuring between themselves, the third seat conspicuously empty-a monument, and a reminder, of the only time the Volturi had ever been defeated by their enemies. Had he known what they were saying in those last moments he would have realized that his nightmares had not even come close to the reality of the situation…and he would have been a lot more grateful to be allowed to die. "What do you intend to do about the Swan girl?" Marcus spoke softly, a waste, since most of the room had supernatural hearing as sharp as his own. Bella would have made an excellent addition to their entourage, but there were others. There were always others, with skills much more suited to their purpose than being able to block a vampire's powers. In truth, he had always found Aro's obsession with the Swan girl ill-conceived and poorly thought out. But an obsession it was, one that had only gained fuel following Caius's death at the hands of the alpha wolf six years before. A madness burned in Aro's eyes now, one that caused Marcus no small amount of concern. That madness had started to prey on his mind, as so often happened to members of their kind that had lived too long. If it wasn't stopped it would spread, and Marcus would have to put him down like you would a rabid dog. It would be such a waste. "A plan is in the works, not only to take care of the luscious Mrs. Black but to bring down that whole rabble." At Marcus's look of surprise, he smiled. Marcus, always thinking so small. Why content themselves with Bella when they could take them all? It was simply a matter of time, patience, and careful planning. They were the Volturi. Time was something they had plenty of, and as for the rest? It was only a matter of time before Bella and her mutt of a husband were crawling at his feet.