the Night Before Christmas to his grandchildren Aubrey's eyes started to droop, so the three of them left. Edward was tucking Aubrey into bed when she grabbed his hand and held it to her chest. "Will you be here when I wake up?" She asked sleepily. "I will," Edward promised before kissing her forehead. "'kay," Aubrey muttered. He sat for a moment and watched her sleep before making his way back downstairs to help Bella with the Santa projects. This year it was a dollhouse and he was grateful when she handed him a cold beer as well as the tools he needed. They made small talk as he put the house together and Bella wrapped a few last minutes gifts. An hour later Edward was standing back admiring his handiwork when Bella spoke up again. "I got offered a transfer," she said from behind him. He turned quickly, confusion etched on his face. "What? When?" "In September." She shrugged. "And you didn't tell me?" Edward frowned and sat at the opposite end of the couch from her. Bella looked down at her hands and shook her head. "You'd just been named lieutenant. I didn't want to take that away from you," she explained. Edward was quiet for a moment, thinking, and then he let out a loud sigh. "I would have followed you. We would go anywhere for you," he told her. Bella felt tears prick her eyes as she nodded. "I know, and I hate myself every day for not telling you. I hate what it's done to us, Edward." After a moment of silence Edward moved closer to her on the couch. They moved until their shoulders were touching and their fingers were locked together, both of them staring straight ahead. "I thought it was because you didn't love me," Edward finally said. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Bella shake her head. "Sorry to disappoint you," she teased weakly. Edward smiled and turned to her, reaching his free hand over to brush her tears away. "I thought I wanted to more than this life, more than this little town we'd always been in…" "And I took that away from you," he finished her sentence. "I was selfish." "You're allowed to be sometimes, Bella." "Not when it tears my family apart. This is my life. You are my life. I don't want anything else." Edward pulled his hand away and rubbed both of them on his jeans. Thoughts were swirling in his head, so he leaned forward and tried to make sense of all of them. "What do you want, Bella?" She was quiet for a long time, so long that Edward had become nervous. He turned to her and she reached out and took his hand in hers again. "I want you to come home, Edward." Edward closed his eyes and nodded before pulling her to him. She ended up in his lap, her arms wrapped around his neck as he stared up at her with those beautiful green eyes. Bella smiled, but before she could speak again Edward leaned up and gently pressed his lips to hers. Her hands snaked through his hair, pulling him closer and deepening the kiss as her lips parted and her breath quickened. "Please come home," she whispered through heavy breaths. Edward nodded and pushed her away so they could stand and, in the same movement, he reached down and lifted her over his shoulder. She squealed in surprise but didn't fight him as he carried her upstairs to their bedroom. He set her down and locked the door behind him, smiling at Bella's pink cheeks and mussed hair. Bella quickly went to him, pulling off his shirt and kissing him fiercely. It didn't take long for their clothing to be removed and for their bodies to be tangled up in their bed. He kissed her as he pushed himself inside, pulling her leg over his hip and moving deep within her. She held him close as they moved together, whispering her love and kissing him where she could. It was easy, being together like that, and they both knew that there was no one else for them. When she came, she cried, and Edward kissed her tears away and held her tightly. His body shuddered under her hands as he buried his face in her neck. "Still perfect," he whispered and she laughed softly. "I love you," she replied. "Same," Edward teased. They lay together for a long time, neither one of them speaking, just enjoying being home together until Bella sat up quickly and jumped out of bed, pulling on her clothes haphazardly. "Where's the fire?" Edward asked and Bella rolled her eyes. He loved fire jokes. "We've got to go pretend to eat Santa cookies or she'll be onto us," Bella explained and Edward groaned, but obeyed. A while later, well after midnight, they fell back into bed fully clothed and exhausted. Edward folded his wife into his arms and kissed her gently, contentedly. It was the best night's sleep either of them had in a long time. They were, of course, awakened a few hours later by movement on the bed and soft giggling. Edward was the first to be roused and he squinted at the end of the bed, seeing Aubrey there. Her hair was a mess of copper tangles but her eyes were wide and bright. Edward felt like he finally knew the meaning to the phrase "like a kid on Christmas morning" because his daughter was full of joy. "Hey, kiddo," Edward greeted her as he sat up. She quickly scampered to the head of the bed and snuggled up to him, smiling. "Merry Christmas." "Merry Christmas, Daddy," Aubrey whispered. From her other side, Bella reached out and tried to calm her daughter's hair. "Are you ready to open presents?" She asked, but Aubrey shook her head and grinned at her parents. "Nope. I got exactly what I wanted already."