of which she had become. The only logical explanation she could really give Charlie for Jacob was that their relationship had ended and could never be repaired because Jacob loved another. The scene had been ugly and heart wrenching, and seeing Bella like that broke Charlie's heart. He listened to her pleas for him to understand why she needed to leave. He understood the devastation in her eyes because for a long time he looked that way himself. He even saw that Forks was literally killing her. He helped her pack, and he gave her five thousand dollars out of his savings. She promised to call, and she did - once a week, and on birthdays and holidays. He even visited her in Santa Fe once a year. Charlie took the leap last year when he finally asked Sue Clearwater to marry him. They lived together in his house, and in two more years Charlie would be retiring from his position when it was time for re-election. They were planning to use some of his retirement money to buy a small motor home and travel around the United States. Sue gave her house in La Push to Leah, who had imprinted on Linae's brother some time before. Linae was now Jacob's wife. Billy Black died six months after Bella left when his kidneys gave out. When Charlie called this morning, he gave her the news of Linae and Jacob's unexpected pregnancy. When Bella left Forks, she didn't know where to go. She did not want to go to her mother's - she wouldn't be able to stand the pity that was involved, or her constant badgering to move on. All she knew was that she wanted to get far away from Forks. Far away from anything not completely human, because the mythological world broke her heart just one too many times. It was better to deal with the stress of just worrying about some freak serial killer, assaulter, or maybe a car accident that would end the life of a danger magnet. That was what she could handle now. She drove south into the sun. She kept driving, but it was slow going because that piece of shit truck of hers could only take her fifty-five miles an hour. She stopped to sleep when she reached Santa Fe one night, intending to head east the next morning. When she woke up, she packed up her bag and grabbed a donut from the continental breakfast room. Once outside, she discovered that same piece of shit truck didn't start. Next door to the motel was a small service station, and one of the servicemen took a look at it for her. He was amazed it had made it that far, since the transmission and clutch were completely shredded. Bella's truck had officially died. What she didn't know was that her truck had actually been killed by the man who was watching her now, and he knew she had traveled long enough. She was home. He also knew that she would love Santa Fe, as well as the warm sun that would hit her face three hundred twenty days a year on the average. Bella made her decision when she was going through the want ads trying to find another car. She found a listing for a new sports department store that was hiring workers at eight bucks an hour. She could live on that, find a small apartment, and work to forget her problems while at the same time save a little money for school. She, of course, found the shittiest apartment imaginable, and in the poorest of neighborhoods. He knew she would be safe, but he watched her anyway. At this point, there was nothing left for him to do but just wait and give her time to heal. On the patio, Bella's eyelids snapped open and she stretched. She needed to eat something before heading in to work. She picked up the card from where it had fallen and walked out to the edge of the patio, sliding her feet out of her furry flip-flops and stepping onto the cool grass. The man watching her loved it when she did this - it always made him smile. She would always close her eyes and just stand there so quietly, with the sun warming her face, and all the distinct colors of red and brown shining through her hair. Bella opened her eyes and something flashed out of the left corner of her eye. There was an instant frown and she quickly turned to find the culprit. It was just enough time for her heart to jump, panic was something she felt quick these days. Her garden globe sat to her left in the little miniature garden area she would plant this year with tomatoes and radishes. The sun was reflecting off the green globe, and Bella smiled. She turned around to retrieve her flip-flops, and then walked into the house. She only had an hour or so before she had to head in, and the man watching her needed to go home and collect his thoughts. He was excited because this was the night when her eyes would truly meet his. He wanted to look good - not that he had to try too hard. This was the night when fate would finally make itself known to Bella Swan, and he really couldn't wait. He had waited long enough. Part of him dreaded it - only because of her response. But, in time, that would work itself out, so he didn't need to worry. He was thrilled that her eyes would find him, and he really couldn't wait to see her in that outfit. Bella's life was about to change again, and fate would find its way into her heart - forever. They both just had to put some effort into it. Little did he know, that fate had changed its plans. A/N: Thank you all so much for reading.