gave me a reassuring smile. "This could be fun. It's a nice change from essay writing, eh?" Jasper scoffed. "Please, you're just excited you can write about your repressed love for Bella." Edward glared at Jasper. "I don't love Bella. We're friends." Normally I would disagree-I knew he liked me-but today he sounded pretty convincing. It took me back a little, but as usual I was quick to recover. "This day needs to be other soon. I can't take listening to Jessica and Lauren scream about their idea of the perfect guy," I grumbled. I looked at the clock again. Thirty seconds. "Trust me, you don't want the day to be over," Edward said. "Rosalie and Emmett broke up again." "What else is new?" "This time is different. This time it's for good. Emmett completely humiliated her in the middle of the cafeteria. She was on her hands and knees begging for him to stay with her. Then he looked her dead in the eyes and said "I don't want you. You made my life hell" and then walked away. She's heart broken, and for once I'm actually on her side." "Great. Well then I guess you won't have to take me home today, Edward. Tonight will be a double fudge Disney night." A part of me was a little jealous that instead of Alice hovering over me about my break up, she'd be busy with Rose. Not that I minded not having a vulture like Alice hanging over me, but still. It's the thought that counts. I wonder if she even knows my heart was ripped out of my chest too. The bell rang and Edward said goodbye to me. Jasper ignored me. I hope that wouldn't be a regular occurrence. Just for today, though. After school I met with Edward, Rose, and Alice by Edward's car. Rose came to school with Emmett this morning. Good thing too, because I doubt she could see through all the tears and smeared eyeliner and mascara. The lucky bastard Edward escaped from Rose's teary wailing when we got to his house. I had to stay and listen to Rose recount her horrific lunch period. I felt bad for her and everything, but crying makes me feel uncomfortable. I was able to slip away when I said I would wait for the pizza guy downstairs. When I crept down the stairs to the living room, I ran into Edward. "Wanna sit?" he asked while gesturing to the couch. I nodded. "Jasper isn't answering his phone and I don't really want to talk to Emmett." "Please, for the love of all things good and holy, don't mention Emmett," I groaned. "I've already heard enough of the Emmett and Rosalie never ending saga." Edward laughed. "Yeah, the walls are pretty paper thin. But for once Rose isn't exaggerating. It was that bad." "So I heard." "So," Edward said. "How was your day?" "Not much better than Rose's. Besides the lack of public humiliation, my day sucked pretty badly too." "I'm sorry you didn't get into journalism." "It's not that. Jasper dumped me during lunch." "Oh," Edward said uncomfortably. He began to fidget in his spot on the couch. "Edward," I chuckled. "I'm not going to start crying. You know I don't cry." "It will happen one day." "Let's hope you won't be there to witness it," I said, knowing full well today was the day, and thanking my lucky stars no one was there to witness my humiliation. Edward shook his head. "I don't know. I don't like seeing people cry, but I would want to be there for you. Maybe make you feel better." I began to play with my fingernails as I tried to appear nonchalant. "I don't think that day will ever come. Jasper is convinced I don't have emotions." "Ha!" Edward laughed out loud. "Well then it's a good thing you're not with him anymore. Jasper and I are friends-he's an alright guy-but you guys were never good for each other. I hate to say it, but I'm glad you aren't dating him." "Happy that I'm single?" I challenged. Edward rolled his eyes. "Exceedingly so." Silence settled upon us. I liked these kinds of silences. It gave both of us room to breathe. Jasper hated silence. He always had to find some way to fill it. "Are you glad you're single now?" Edward asked after ten minutes. I breathed a heavy sigh and said, "I guess. I mean, it's weird being single after three months. At one point I actually thought I loved him. Now I'm kind of relieved that I don't have to try to impress anyone." "Because you actually cared about impressions," Edward laughed. I slapped his arm lightly. "You know what I mean," I hissed, but despite myself I laughed too. "If it's any consolation," Edward said, suddenly serious. "You don't have to try to impress me." I smiled. "I know. Remember when we first met?" "You were wearing a bikini, of course I remember." "Shut up, and be serious." I rolled my eyes. "I do remember. I thought you were the most hilarious person in the world." "Because I am," I said, feigning offense. "You were a geek with your little hipster camera." "Hey! It was not considered hipster then!" Edward defended. "So you admit it is hipster!" I said while poking him in the chest. "Bikini." "Hipster." "Bikini." "Fine! The bikini was worse!" Once in a while Edward and I reminisce about our meeting, and we always have an argument over who looked more awkward. Me in Rose's bikini or Edward in his shorts, white socks and sandals, and his hipster camera hanging around his neck. The doorbell rang, signaling the pizza man's arrival and the end of our debate. Edward got up, and I allowed my head to rest on the back of the couch as the flashback of our meeting flooded my memory. It was July 4, 2010 at La Push beach. . .