not a peep. Owen told me not to worry so I didn't. I decided to take my newly found freedom and use it to all my advantage spending time with my boyfriend that I adore and my crazy group of friends. Because when I get home I'd probably be grounded till I'm forty so I might as well make the best of my free time. And so I stroll up my drive-way at five in the morning, completely exhausted and totally buzzed because of the few slugs of beer I had. I'm not a huge drinker, but between taking an occasional slug of Owen's beer and making out with him while he was drinking, I was pretty buzzed. I knew I'd be in for it now. I would probably get a speech as long as the Nile River for staying out all night without calling including the fact that I reeked of beer and that Owen and I were together. My parents like Owen, but after catching us making-out, and need I point out that we were in the middle of things getting really intense and heated, my parents doesn't trust us alone together. My mom was seventeen when she had me and they didn't want me making the same mistake they did by falling pregnant at such a young age. As much as I assured them that we weren't going to have sex they just kept grilling me. It was the most embarrassing moment of my life. I know they meant well, but still, they didn't need to shove birth giving videos and what diapers cost now-a-days down my throat. I got grounded for a week when that happened and that was the biggest trouble I've ever been in. I'm a straight kid I'd like to think. And my parents are pretty understanding. However, they won't be so understanding now. I'll probably be sentenced to life inside, with no phone calls and no access to the outside world any other way. Not that I blame them. I didn't call, and I did stay out all night and I do reek of beer. Yeah, definitely life sentence. I take a deep breath before I open the door, turn the door knob and push open the door. I expected to see my dad on the other side of the door fuming with anger. But I was greeted with a totally different picture. My mom was sprawled across the couch looking - well - dead. If it wasn't for her chest heaving up and down I would have thought she was dead. She was as pale as a sheet and her body looked so limp. I stared at her for the longest time wondering why she looked so lifeless and where was my dad? Shouldn't they be worried about where I was? Or at least be angry at me for coming in at this hour. I was so confused by what I was greeted with when I walked in through our front door that I hadn't realised that it was slipping through my fingers and banging close with a loud thud. This caused my mom to jerk up and immediately shout out my dad's name. Her previous lifeless body sprang to life as she jumped up and literally leaped into my arms, crashing into my chest murmuring things like 'you're back' and 'I knew you still loved me'. I frowned. What the hell? Now I'm even more confused. What does she mean you're back? When did he ever leave? He's here. He's supposed to be. He is here. Right? "Dad?" I call out. But there's no response. "Dad!" I call out again, my heart beating hard in my chest. Mom's head pops up from my chest and she looks at me with confusion in her eyes. Her vision must still be blurry because of the sleep because she blinks a couple of times until her eyes go wide and she shoves me back roughly. I stumble backward a bewildered expression marring my face. "What are you doing here?" she says looking at me like I was crazy. She says 'you' with a tone of disgust and I feel my heart rate pick up even more. It was beating so fast I'm surprised it hadn't sprung from my chest already. I try my best to stay calm but with my mom's outburst, her appearance―wild hair, puffy red eyes, white as a sheet―and my dad's non-appearance, it's proving to be a little hard. "Mom, are you okay?" I ask her. "Where's dad?" She suddenly goes limp and falls to the ground sobbing loudly. I watch the scene before me feeling even more confused, worried and anxious. My heart is beating so fast right now that I swear I may pass out because of it. My mouth goes dry with a sudden hit of realization. It's absurd to even think. But what if it was possible? My mom was cursing, hitting and kicking air as she screamed out my father's name. By this time I'm not sure what to do. I'm torn between crouching down and consoling my obviously distraught mother and trying to figure out why she is obviously distraught. I decide that the former will help bring me to the conclusion of the latter so I crouch down and pull her hands into mine as she kind of calms down. I try to make eye contact with her but she won't look me in the eye. "M-mom," my voice quivers. "Mom," I say again, more confidently this time and she's looking me in the eye now. But they're filled with tears and look completely vacant. "What happened?" She's shivering like its negative-degrees in the house and her eyes are bloodshot. She looks awful and my speculated realization seems to be looking like an actual reality. I swallow hard trying to shake that out of my head. He wouldn't. And then she utters two words that make my world come crashing down. "He's gone."