She screamed a little in fright when she looked up and the wolf stood there, watching her with these curiousity filled and oddly enough almost human looking eyes. "Don't eat me.. This is clearly not how I meant to see you up close and in person.. Naturally, I do something, go off half cocked and now I'm gonna get eaten." The wolf shook it's furry head and nuzzled it's snout against her face. She winced a little in fear.. But a closer look into the eyes of the wolf sort of calmed her down a little. If he were going to eat her, he'd clearly have done it already. Obviously, the wolf was saving her life. Which was odd when you considered that wolves were normally known as being predatory themselves. Wolves were one of her favorite animals, she knew a lot of trivial things about them. Cautiously her fingers reached out while it was standing still enough and then her hand slowly moved over the sleek fur of the wolf's head. "Good boy. You might have just kept me from dying before I actually lost my v card, big guy." 'Mine.' Embry thought to himself as he continued to nuzzle against her, letting his nose fill with the strong scent, letting her fingers trail lazily through his fur. If he'd been a human, he'd have died laughing when she spoke up moments later and asked his wolf form, "So.. any oppositions to being called Elvis?" 'As long as you're mine I don't care.. I do wonder why in hell you want to name my wolf form Elvis though..' he thought to himself as she momentarily leaned her face against his furry face.. "Truthfully, Elvis, I came out here tonight to see you up close and in person.. I've kinda always had this thing for wolves. And dogs.. My sister's never liked them so I couldn't actually own one.. Or at least that's the excuses I got when I'd ask Phil and Renee or even Charlie for one for my birthday or something when I was a kid.." 'So I'm what? Your secret pet for now? How would that work?' he wondered as he whined to attempt communicating with her. She giggled a little and standing said quietly, "Thanks.. For saving me from that creep." as she took one last wary look at the large wolf and took off at a run on very shaky legs. She'd just watched someone get ripped apart limb from limb by a giant wolf.. Of course she wasn't okay currently. And she found herself wondering why the wolf didn't turn and attack her too... And now, the kicker was that she couldn't tell anyone. Or they'd all think she was nuts or lying. Or something.. Because unless Bella said it, in their household at least, nobody believed it. She slid into bed after changing into her pajamas and Bella hissed in the darkness, "That was more like an hour and thirty minutes." "Shut the fuck up and go to sleep, Bella. I'm not in the mood, okay?" "I was worried. You're lucky dad didn't come in and find you gone." Bella said solemnly as Carlie lie there and rolled her eyes before shoving her head underneath the pillow. She highly doubted that anybody would've actually missed her. After all, she wasn't their precious, perfect, pretty little Bella, now was she? "Did you find the wolf at least?" Bella asked, trying to make conversation with her little sister. It hurt sometimes that they were so far apart now. That there was this anger and tension surrounding them. That they couldn't talk for more than five minutes without a loud and bitter argument. Carlie sighed and then said quietly, "Yeah, I found him. Sorry about just now.. I'm just jumpy, okay? Maybe tomorrow we can try to hang out or something.." feeling guilty for all the tension and hostility towards Bella on her part. Maybe she should try a little bit. After all, you only had one family, even if at times you wished like hell you could've picked your own. Or that you could strangle some of them. And Bella was her only sister and soon Bella would be gone, off living her own life. And they hadn't been very close the past f ew years. "Yeah.. Hey, remember Jacob? I was actually going to go to La Push and hang out with him tomorrow, if he still wants me to.. Maybe you can come too." "Those are your friends, I'd just be in the way." "Not really.. Jacob's pretty much the only one who likes me." "So why go?" Bella didn't answer and about ten minutes later, Carlie heard her sister's faint snoring. She got the feeling that there was more to her sister's invite than she knew.. And more to her sister's statement about Jacob being the only one who liked her there. And somehow, god help her, she got the feeling that that creepy psycho looking ex of her sisters was involved.. And maybe what happened to her tonight was too. Something was bugging her about what she'd almost had happen to her earlier.. She'd only seen eyes that red one time.. And that one time was at their old dance studio in Phoenix.. When she'd watched her sister's boyfriend rip some guy up after that guy tried to attack her sister. She never told either of them she'd seen it all happen, but it gave her even more cause to dislike Edward Cullen.. She'd watched him kill and burn another human being. Even if she didn't exactly like her older sister most of the time.. What if he did that to her one day? She finally fell asleep. Her first day in Forks had been an eventful one, alright, but tomorrow might hold even more adventure. She was excited for some reason, that she was or might be going to La Push with her big sister.. She wasn't sure why, exactly...