Edward's conversation. "I like it, it's just long." He scowled again, his little eyebrows furrowed in disappointment and deep thought. "Oh, really, what do you suggest then?" "How about just calling her Marie?" Renee asked from the bed; Charlie looked at her questioningly. "No," Edward mused, thinking hard, his little eyebrows furrowing in thought. "I like Isabella," he thought harder not finding a good solution to his problem though. "How about Isa?" Emmett asked, trying to be part of the conversation." Edward turned to him from Charlie's hip, scowling more. "No." "You don't have any suggestions, sweetie?" Esme sat down in the lone chair by Renee. Edward thought about it for another second and suddenly grinned. "How about Bella?" Charlie grinned, thinking about it himself. "Sure, I like that." Edward smiled broadly. Charlie noted Edward's eyes sparkled when he smiled this widely. The new dad found himself wishing for Bella to smile just as brilliantly. Just then, Renee's gynecologist walked in. "I'm sorry, Mrs. Cullen, but only two people can be in the room at once. I'm going to have to ask you to leave." His voice cracked at the end; telling your boss' family to get out must have been nerve-wracking. "And I need to give Mrs. Swan a quick checkup," he added as an afterthought. "I understand, Neil, don't worry," Esme said. Charlie put Edward down feeling a slight sense of loss. "Do you mind if we take two quick photos? I want to remember today." Esme turned to Renee. "Please?" Dr. Crowley nodded, possibly because he didn't want to say no to the First Lady of Medicine as she was dubbed around Forks Hospital. Renee glanced at Charlie who shrugged. "Why not?" "All right." Renee smiled, Charlie took Bella and handed her to Renee, who still looked afraid of her baby. "Is it okay if you take the photo, Neil?" Esme offered the Polaroid camera to Dr. Crowley, who took it willingly. "Edward, you go to Renee's side; Emmett, stand next to Charlie," Esme instructed everyone like she was professional photographer. She took her own place behind Edward, standing beside Renee. "I want two photos, Neil." The good doctor nodded, positioning the camera behind his face. "Say cheese!" "Cheeeseee!" everyone said in unison. The bright glare of the flash going off took everyone by surprise, even though they expected it, but soon recovered for the second photo. After they developed both Polaroids, Esme looked to Neil, grinning like the Cheshire Cat. "I'm sorry, how about two more?" "Mrs. Cullen," he protested, but she wouldn't have any of it. "Come on, honey. It'll only take two seconds." Neil bit his lips in thought, an obvious internal fight going on in his head. "All right but that's it, Mrs. Cullen. I insist." "Thank you." Esme beamed and turned to the Swans who weren't surprised at her sweet talk. "How about just the children?" "Sure." Charlie bolted from the shot; Esme assumed this would offend Charlie, but he'd always hated taking photos. He didn't like attention and attention didn't like him. "Why don't you stay in the shot, Esme; I mean, you're carrying a child, and even though you're pregnant, it could also serve as a memory of your pregnancy with baby girl Cullen," Renee offered. Esme thought about it for a moment, but didn't agree, claiming it would be unfair to Charlie, who had been the only one to step away. "Oh no, Esme, don't exclude yourself on my account; I really don't mind." Esme looked at Charlie to make sure it was alright, and after a moment of searching, she decided to do as Renee asked. "Mommy, I'm hungry!" Emmett stomped his foot impatiently. "Can we go to the diner and get double cheeseburgers?" "Honey, we're almost done. I'm sure you can wait a few minutes. Besides, a double cheeseburger is way too much for someone your age, and you know your father doesn't like you eating fast food." "I want some apple pie, Mommy!" Edward was not to be forgotten or ignored. Their mother pursed her lips and looked at both of them with a stern eye. "Take these two photos and we'll see." "Yay! I want a large chocolate milkshake!" Emmett said, jumping up and down in excitement. Charlie couldn't help but smile at the kids' excitement. "I want the red toy car! It's the only one I'm missing from the collection!" Edward followed suit. "Mrs. Cullen, I really must get going... I have to check up on other patients as well as Mrs. Swan," Dr. Crowley said, nervously looking at the door as if expecting an angry mob of sick patients and their IVs to come busting in. "Okay okay." Esme glanced at him and turned to her boys. "Photo. Now," Esme ordered, and the boys quickly took their places again. She stood by Emmett this time. "Say cheese!" "Okay, here goes one," Charlie said as the camera spit out another Polaroid, after Neil handed him the camera. "Cheese!" Renee, Esme and the boys sang happily. After writing a quick caption and dating them, Esme handed Charlie two of each as mementos of Bella's birth. They left soon after, allowing a relieved Dr. Crowley to examine Renee. Mrs. Gunderson came in and took the baby back to the small nursery. Feeling awkward and embarrassed, Charlie went with her. "So you decided on a name?" she asked. Charlie laughed, knowing this was going to be a popular question. But instead of feeling annoyed, he swelled up with pride, more so than before. "Her name is Isabella Marie Swan, but you can call her Bella." The balloon thing? Yeah it happened to me when I went to see my little sister at the hospital when she was born. My punishment? I wasn't allowed to carry her. Like my parents would ever let a five year old carry a newborn, but hey I didn't know any better lol. Since then I hold balloons tightly at the hospital~ I.E.