she could not be certain. "I used to be... I'm nothing now. I just am." "I am...?" The hint of the smile disappeared and he shook his head slightly. "No, not hardly." He moved his grip of her and lightly touched the her neck. Her pulse thumped only once and then nothing. It felt like hours had passed before her pulse thumped again. "You are barely... but it is enough. You will live in a sense. You must if you wish to see her again." He held her closer as the shadows surrounded them and a small room in the asylum disappeared from sight. "The nightmare..." Her voice was soft now, the shadows that she had feared for much of her life now seemed comforting, even welcoming. "He lives if that is the best term to use. He will continue as he has but you must be aware that later... Much later... You will need to be ready to protect such a one as your Alice. She will be marked and your Alice will do all she can to protect her." Lil closed her good eye and buried her face within the cold neck of her rescuer. Even his cold neck was beginning to feel warm to her now. "My Alice... I'll protect who my Alice loves... and you?" He caught her true meaning and a ghost of a smile touched his lips. "I am known as Silvan. I will oversee your proper growth and training. Be prepared, it will be many years before you see your dearest friend again..." Lil sighed and muttered something in reply, her heartbeat never picking up in speed and never stopping. It just was. Silvan smiled, catching the gentle mutter as he appeared on the grounds of a large estate. It was here that the shadows danced with delight, the sight of the near full moon greeting them as he walked toward the large front doors of the mansion. The doors swung open and torchlight spilled on to the gravel driveway. "There you are Silvan!" A woman stood at the doorway, a tall woman with long golden hair, her body was lithe with pure muscle. She was naked for all the world to see but didn't seem at all ashamed. There was something feral of her and at the sight of the near full moon, her eyes flashed with pure delight. "Another night and we would have started without you!" Silvan simply removed the vestiges of his dark cloak, revealing the round face of their newest charge. "There has been a change in plans Rieka..." The woman's yellow eyes focused on the caramel tone of the sleeping woman and her nose flared, taking in the scent of her. "A human?" This time a smile did touch the pale man's lips as he swept past the naked woman and into the mansion. "Just barely... She had taken the spot of an Intended. She had seen the shadows for sometime now and decided to act to save her friend." The woman named Rieka closed the doors and turned to follow the tall man into the entrance hall of their hidden home. She stared at the human, the barely human, and her eyes grew wide with surprise. "She had been Marked?" "I had no choice." He glanced back at the naked woman, his pale face twitching slightly with a frown. "There had to be a replacement and she was all there was." Rieka frowned in response as she folded her arms beneath her well-shaped breasts. "This will not bode well. We needed the Oracle, not a Medium." Silvan simply shrugged in reply and continued on toward the large flight of stairs that led to the bedrooms. "Fate has something different planned and I am not one to argue with fate." "So what are we supposed to do with her? She has no special abilities that will be of use to us now!" The tall, pale man paused on the landing of the flight of stairs and glanced down at the naked woman who was nearly growling with suppressed rage. Silvan shook his head once. "There will be others Rieka, I assure you. The human world is changing and the vampires are becoming more dominant with each passing decade." "That is why we needed the other girl, the one who had visions! She would be able to help us restore the balance! I am telling you Sylvan, taking in this human as is will be the end of our world." Silvan frowned and glanced down at his newest charge. He could sense her heartbeat, thumping ever so slowly. "That may be so..." He closed his eyes and took in her scent, the old traits of his vampire self still remained even after all of these years. Her scent of human would remain but it would be touched with the scent of earth, of time. She might bring the end of their world but she would also continue it. Their time was ending, the humans did not fear as they used to, the Children of the Moon were becoming fewer in number thanks to the war. Even the Children of Hecate had gone into hiding. Silvan was very aware of that their world was fast becoming nothing more than a simple dream. However, they would need someone to remember them, to remain where they could not. "She will stay and she will learn the ways of the shadows." "She will bring nothing but-" "Death," he said and simply smiled at the feral woman at the foot of the stairs. "Rieka, you and I both know that there are far worse things than death." He turned then in a flurry of dark fabric, listening keenly to the slow thump of the woman's heartbeat. "Lilith, you need not worry of the whispers you will hear or of the shadows you will see. What you had once feared will become your greatest ally." The woman said nothing in reply, she simply dreamed...