– you are something special. To me you are. And I want to spend time with you, and take you out to see all those movies we discussed, and find you those expensive first edition books you have on your wish–list, and buy you a gramophone that you once told me you wanted, and take you to the Great Wall of China because that's a long ass hike that I've always wanted to take and it'd be nice to have your company, and…" I let out a small laugh as I cry, remembering his passion for that hike. He moves a hand to wipe my cheek and then brings it back to hold mine. "I want to do all of that not because I feel bad for you, but because I want to make you smile. Just like you make me smile. You're too precious to be so sad." "I…" I don't know what to say. I fail at words. I fail at them so bad. So I just say the one thing that matters. "Thank you." He moves closer and kisses the side of my head, which for some reason makes me blush. Then he takes a deep breath and kisses the other side. I let my hands out of his and move them up his arm, feeling the sparse hair on his forearm till where his shirt sleeve is rolled up, and his sharp breath intake as my fingers reach his shoulders and neck. His hands move to my face again. He traces my burning cheek with his thumb and then places small kisses on it. I close my eyes. My heart is beating so loud; I bet he can hear it. His kisses my nose and then my chin. "May I?" he asks, his breath washing over my lips. Weighed under everything I thought I had to face alone and knowing that I'm finally not alone, my hesitance is palpable. I can feel it radiating from my furrowed brows to my hunched shoulders to my shaking hand that is clutching his collar and pulling him closer, even as my mind tells me to push him away. That it's wrong. That it will jeopardize everything. That I don't know how to do this. I don't know. I don't know. "Hey," he whispers, brushing his nose against mine. "Trust me?" My eyes slowly open and meet his. So close that I can see the shadows his eye-lashes cast against his cheek in the setting sun. So close that with a breath he could shatter me and with another, make me feel like I have it all. "I do trust you," I finally say. "It's me I don't trust. I don't know how to do this." "Confession: Neither do I. I've actually never kissed someone before." I would scoff at him and ask him to stop joking, if it weren't for the fact that his entire face flushes red. Even the tips of his ears. I haven't recovered from the surprise of his words when he speaks again. "Confession two," he says in a low voice, his breath on my face tickling and comforting, "I would really, really like to kiss you. I… When you told me for the first time that you had never been kissed, ever since then I…I've been thinking about what it would be like to be your first kiss. For you to be mine. First everything ." And just when I think he couldn't be any more adorable, he flushes even more. "I don't know if this is a mistake, but if it is," I whisper back, "promise me we'll never regret making it." His smile lights up my heart. "I promise." I give him a small nod, and just like that, his lips are on mine and they are fire. My breath is more like a choked gasp, and all I know is that in that moment, I could breathe all of him in. His lips are so soft and gentle and slow and for once I understand what it feels like to have fireworks dancing behind your eyelids. My hands rest on his neck and a thrill shoots through me when I feel his pulse racing beneath my palm. Our lips part for just a second for air, and then my upper lip is gently pulled into his mouth. He lets go and does it again. The third time, I let my tongue taste his bottom lip. A low, deep sound escapes his lips and it's like the world shifts on its axis. I've read about being kissed for the first time in more shitty novels than I would ever admit, watched it on TV, heard whispers of it being the best moment of your life and whatever. And now I understand it. I have never felt anything like it before. It's warm and wet and slightly sloppy even though we're so careful, hesitant one second, passionate the next, and every time our lips part, even for a second, it's like he leaves behind this tingling sensation. Our breaths are one already and when his tongue meets mine, a sort of frenzy begins. It's like it's impossible to stop. This desperation clawing inside me finds strength and my hands make their way to his hair. I grip it tightly and my fingers pull him closer. His arm snakes around my waist and pulls me closer too. We're flush against each other, gasping against each other's lips, hands everywhere at once, too close and not close enough. Like if we let each other go, breathing will change. Everything will change. From the tips of my nails to the soles of my feet, I am a mass of awareness. Of knowing that this is too special to let go. Too important. Too overwhelming. Too life–giving. His lips meet mine again and again, and as the sun goes down, I learn how to write secrets on his face with my fingertips. I learn how to live.