for each other, and I could totally see myself being with him for many years to come. He was about eight inches taller than me and he was lanky, a little bit awkward if you asked me. He was just trying to adjust to his body changing, just like all the boys in high school. Of course it was hard to see each other with my protective brothers always in the way, but we made it happen. "Hey, Bells." Jacob was the only one who called me Bells. My dad used to, but ever since my mom left, he'd stopped. "Hi Jake." I gave him a quick peck on the lips and he grabbed my hand. "I have enough money to pay for a cab. You have the number?" "No, I left it in my wallet upstairs. Just hail one." While Jake tried to catch a cab, I texted my dad, telling him I would be home late, and he responded with an unenthusiastic 'okay'. Like always. "Bells, c'mon." Jake led me into the taxi and got in himself, quickly reciting the address to the driver. The party was held in Josh's house, in the quieter side of Manhattan. When we got there, the party was in full swing, and we didn't hesitate finding our friends. "Hey, guys," said Josh when he spotted us. "Hey Josh. Great turn out man." Jake gave him a slap on the back. "Definitely." He handed Jake a Red Solo cup and then handed one to me. I watched Jake curiously. He was staring at the contents in the cup with a skeptic look. "Hey, don't be a whimp." Josh laughed. "Are you trying to tell me you never had a beer before?" He laughed again and so did a couple of other people around us. "Pshh," said Jake, joining in on their laughter. "I have this every night for dinner." With that, he downed more than half of the beer in one long gulp. His face contorted for just a second, and I was sure I was the only one who saw. "That a boy." Josh praised him and we were all thrown back into the party. I remained silent. I was too nervous to speak. And it was because that was the first time Jake had even tasted beer. He didn't take it lightly. He had about five beers of which I could see. Who knows how many he had when I wasn't looking? Could have been ten or fifteen. When it was around one in the morning, I told Jake I wanted to leave. "Bellsy, c'mon. Party ain't over." He was drunk. "It is for you, let's go." I tried to pull him toward the door, but he wrenched his arm out of my grasp violently. I turned to him shocked. "I'm so sorry, Bella." He grabbed my arm. "I just don't want to leave yet." "Fine. Then you can stay here, but I'm leaving." I turned to go, but he just grabbed my arm harder. He blinked hard to try and get his thoughts together. "Josh said I could crash in his guest room. I'll take a quick nap to sober up and then I'll take you home. I don't want you going alone." I was skeptical. I didn't know the effects alcohol had on Jake. "Alright," I finally conceded. He led me up the stairs and to an empty room. Just as we were going in, Josh passed by. "I see you took my advice." He looked me up and down in a creepy way, his eyes glazed over with the effects of alcohol. "If I were you, I wouldn't turn it down either." He gave me another look and gave Jake a pat on the back before disappearing down the hallway. "What was that all about?" "Shh," Jacob said, as he closed the door behind him. He turned and grabbed my hips, pulling me to him. He quickly kissed me, but it wasn't our usual kisses. It was sloppy and frenzied. Like if he had something he had to accomplish in the next five minutes. I pushed him away. He grabbed me, kissed me again, but I couldn't escape this time. I was pushed against the wall. "Jake," I mumbled against his lips. I tried pushing him away again. "Jake, what's gotten into you?" "Bella, I love you so much." He kissed me again, but this time his hands roamed to the hem of my dress. I squirmed away from him, but he wasn't having it. His slipped his fingers under my dress. I pushed him back with all my might and he actually stumbled a step backwards. I wasted no time, and brought my palm to his cheek quickly, the slap resonating the silence in the room. When he looked back at me, he was gone. He was no longer my Jacob. This Jacob was the one that scared the crap out of me. And did the unthinkable. He grabbed me, throwing me on the bed. I bounced, my head hitting the headboard. He grabbed my legs and pulled me to him, kissing me again, but restraining my hands and legs. He used his other hand to lift up my dress. I was exposed to him, and I knew what he was doing now. I shook my head and squirmed underneath him. He released my lips to look me over. "Jake, please don't." Tears were already falling down my cheeks and into my ears. I continued to plead. "Quiet," he growled. He pulled down my underwear and I cried harder. I pleaded with him the whole time. Whispering 'stop', 'please' and 'don't' over and over again. They eventually mixed into my sobs. I don't remember every last detail of what happened. I was in shock that this was happening to me. I've heard about it on the news and rumors in school, but I never thought it would happen to me. I was raped… Jake had raped me.