said I don't want to talk about it." I tried to make my voice strong. It was the same voice I used when I had to deliver a presentation to clients. It was the same voice that I used when I spoke to Dan. My strong voice masked the feelings that were swirling in the pit of my stomach, threatening to destroy my calm facade. "What are you going to do when he starts asking who is Dad is?" Kim's bracelets jingled on her arm as we turned a corner. The smell of McDonalds in the car was making me feel sick. I rolled down the window. It was too damn hot. "I said I don't want to talk about it," I repeated. "That's not what I asked;" Kim's eyes were on Curtis once again, "What are you going to tell him?" "He has a Dad," I muttered, "Dan is his Dad. He's everything I could ever have wished for, and he loves Curtis like he's his own." Most of the time. The tension seemed to crackle between us. "Shit. This is crazy," Kim breathed eventually, "You do realise this messes up all my wedding plans?" "I can just go back to New York if it's so much of a problem?" Kim narrowed her eyes at me, her grip on the steering wheel tightening even more. "Don't you even think about it," she hissed, "This isn't just about you anymore Grace. This is about..." her eyes darted to the back seat as she looked for the right words, "This is about my nephew, about our family. I want everything to go back to normal." "Nothing is normal about our family." "That is so not true." I just rolled my eyes. The passing scenery was getting more recognisable by the second. My hands itched to grab Curtis and make my escape before it was too late, before everything and everyone I had tried so hard to forget reappeared. "We make fajitas on a Friday night," Kim tried, "And we fight, and laugh. Just like any other normal family." I managed a weak laugh at Kim's attempt to make me feel better. Once upon a time we had been joined at the hip, she would have known what I was thinking with just a single glance. At times, especially in New York, I had missed her company, her guidance. However, then I forced myself to remember that it was the people closest to you that hurt you; whether they meant to or not. Although Kim and I had kept in contact over the years, there had been a line that we had never crossed - we never spoke of why I left. Emailing was easier, but sitting beside her in her car, watching as her eyes continued to flit between me and Curtis, I worried that the walls I had tried so hard to build around me would come crumbling down if she probed them too hard. And I was terrified. "We're almost there." My eyes clamped shut without warning. I didn't want to see the town square, or the park, or my favourite bookshop. I especially didn't want to see the ice cream shop, or his house. It still hurt so damn much. "I know," I muttered keeping my eyes closed. The truck continued to bump along the old roads. I never thought I would say it; but I missed the subway - I missed the impersonal nature, how nobody felt the need to make awkward small talk, and nobody knew anyone. New York was everything that La Push wasn't, and that was why I had run there in the first place. It was easy to go unnoticed in a big city, and it was impossible to go unnoticed in La Push. I wiped my sweaty palms on my new skinny jeans. My eyes stayed firmly shut, but I could feel Kim's burning stare on the side of my head. I wished she would pay more attention to the windy roads, than my emotional state. Her driving had always been somewhat out of control. I remembered briefly when she had first gotten her license and driven straight into Uncle Matt's garage. He had made her mow his lawn for the next year, and paint his new fence. It had been hilarious. "Mommy? Are you alright?" My eyes immediately snapped open at the sound of Curtis's tiny voice. He was too quiet; it worried me. Dan said I needed to organise playdates with other boys; but they all seemed so much bigger than Curtis. He was just so small and soft in my eyes, and I was scared they would hurt him. I couldn't bare it if anyone hurt Curtis. I had been hurt enough for the both of us. "I'm great honey," I plastered a bright smile on my face as I turned to face him, "Are you okay?" "I need to go the bathroom," Curtis voice quietened even more as he looked between Kim and I. "Aunt Kim's house is just round the corner. Can you wait until then?" "Yes Mommy," he smiled. I reached for his hand and gave it a tight squeeze, focusing on his face rather than the car's immediate surroundings. I had to be strong for him. Everything I did was for him. "We're going to have so much fun," Kim's excitement sounded too forced, "And I made brownies before I came to pick you up to welcome you and your Mom." My stomach growled at the thought of Kim's brownies, but I made myself turn to glare at her. "Would you stop trying to feed him sugar?" I muttered under my breath. "A little sugar never harmed anyone." "Well, it certainly harmed you." Kim just childishly stuck her tongue out at me and stepped on the gas. Curtis shot me a questioning look, which I ignored. Things were just about to get a lot more complicated, and I was definitely not ready for it. Thoughts?