Addison Cullen." Angela said softly. She said it as if she didn't want to disturb me. The boy sat down by Rosalie who immediately had Addison look at something on her phone. Addison chuckled and scanned the lunch room. I quickly turned towards Jessica and Angela . "Is...He dating anyone?" I heard a booming laugh jumping slightly I turned seeing Emmett laughing loudly. Turning back to the girls Jessica seemed upset or rather bitter. "The Cullens don't date." Angela said kindly. " Well at least not anyone, but their siblings," Jessica said bitterly. "Jess they aren't ...Rosalie and Jasper are the only ones actually related by blood, but they aren't dating." "How do you know Angela?" Angela sighed," Because that's a rumor. Plus everyone knows Alice and Rosalie are the only two dating." Jessica rolled her eyes," Whatever I hear Addison has sacked both of them." "Huh? what do you mean." I was instantly intrigued again "Well Addison is notorious for sacking girls around here. So having done those two wouldn't be like a bombshell ya know." "Jessica you really shouldn't spread rumors," Angela said frustrated turning back to her conversation with Eric and a displeased look. It seemed she was only here for Eric and Jessica was just an unfortunate bonus. "So they don't date, but Addison sleeps around?" "Yup." She said it dreamily as if... " Have you…uh...slept with him?" Jessica then turned bitter again," No apparently most girls aren't good enough him. He usually goes for the party type." "party type?" " Yeah, girls he meets at these parties down in La Push." I nodded the bell rang and I spared one more glance at the odd family with golden eyes. I had two more classes biology and art. I got to biology just in time for the teacher to sign the paper and tell me to take a seat by none other than Edward Cullen. I sat by him and he immediately stiffened and moved as far away as he could glaring intently at a spot near me. The class went by slowly as he sat there with a pained expression and a glare pointed towards me. I would glance over every once in awhile and he would in the same position glaring...as if he hated my existence. I squirmed under his scrutiny. As soon as the bell rang he bolted from his seat causing it to scrap loudly against the floor and slam into the table behind it. He practically ran out of the class. I watched him leave bewildered by it. I then shook my hand and grabbed my stuff going to my last class. I got there early and the teacher seemed to like that. She signed my slip and I took a seat in the back getting out some supplies. Students began to fill in and stare at me in confusion and whisper I just busied myself trying to ignore it. I heard a throat clear. I looked up and saw Addison standing over me he was even more gorgeous up close. Although he had sunglasses on so I couldn't see his eyes. "You're in my seat." His voice was as smooth as velvet, but gruff a mono tone to it. "Oh uh sorry," I said quickly moving. "Its...Fine," He said pulling out the seat a chair over. I blushed slightly. He took his seat paying no mind to me. It's as if I wasn't there and normally that wouldn't bother me, but the one person I wouldn't mind seeing me was ignoring me… OnOnOnOnOnOnOnOOnOnOnOnOnOnOOnOnOnOnOnOnOOnOnOnOnOnOnO The class had droned on teaching me nothing I hadn't already known. I walked to the office to turn in my slip when I saw Addison outside the door seeming to be waiting on someone. I continued forward walking in trying my best to ignore him. "Please is there no other classes I can have besides biology. My brother even said he would switch with me." "I'm sorry, but I can't do that so late in the semester." The student turned around in a huff and when I saw who it was it all clicked. He was trying to switch out of my class. He rushed past me and I quickly turned my slip in hot on his heels. I didn't know what I was going to do. All I knew is I was mad. When I finally caught up to Edward, I caught his sleeve turning him towards me and stopping him. Addison had stopped too. "Whats your deal?" I said harshly. He huffed slipping from my grasp and started to leave. I blocked his path. "I asked you a question. What did I do to you that made you so angry at me you want to be switched out of my class." "Nothing,"Edward replied between gritted teeth. He stepped around me walking forward. Addison stayed for a moment. "I apologize for any inconveniences or unpleasantness my brother or I have caused." With that he was gone and I stood baffled. But thank fully the day was over and I could go home. So I walked to my truck and it was the only one besides a silver Volvo and a Chopper. It had a paint job I couldn't see from here but I didn't care I just wanted to go home. but of course the cars had to belong to the Cullens. I try tries my best to ignore them as I got in my truck and pulled out of the parking lot. As soon as I got home I order take out and started chemical warfare on the kitchen. After finishing eating and cleaning the kitchen spotless, I made Charlie a plate and stuck it in the microwave. Then I went upstairs to my room and went to bed. I fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow. Author Note: I may continue with the story if I get enough feedback saying I should. Reviews are welcome especially ones giving constructive criticism.