but neither chose to show themselves until I was in the midst of the happiest times since Jacob's death. I didn't know if I was ready to make any changes. All I knew is that I craved them, and that craving grew quicker the longer I stood in front of Embry. His eyes were locked on mine, and I couldn't turn away. His smile fell from his face just the moment mine had, but there was no sadness hidden behind his gray pupils. Instead, questions flared as a reflection of myself. "Bella," Embry quietly spoke. "Yes?" I answered. "I'd like to kiss you..." His statement was confident, but with question. "If that's okay." I opened my mouth to answer, but quickly I shut it again, realizing the answer I had expected to feel was not the one I felt. Instead of a quick "no", there was a gallant "yes" on my tongue. That single answer scared me more than Jacob's death. If I agreed to kissing Embry, then I would be saying my final goodbye to Jacob. And I wasn't ready to let go. As much as I craved change and distance from my broken heart, I didn't want Jacob to disappear. I didn't want to end that chapter of my life, because I couldn't...I just couldn't say goodbye. A tear trickled from my eye. The air meeting my lungs was insufficient. My heart shattered in the blink of an eye, but the arms that were wrapped around me kept me from falling apart. For that I was grateful. The pad of Embry's thumb stopped the next tear from reaching my cheek. With one swoop of his thumb it disappeared from my face. And I wished it were that simple for the pain I felt to go away. "Why are you crying?" Embry's voice was rough with emotion. "I-I-It still hurts," I mumbled incoherently. "I can make it stop." Embry stated as gentle whisper while his hand slid to the back of my neck. The thumb that had disintegrated my tear nestled just between my jaw and my ear. His offer was far more than I had bargained for. Could he make the pain stop with just one kiss? "W-what would Jacob say?" I countered as Embry leaned forward. His mouth was within reach. Little effort would have to be made to allow me a silencing kiss. For a moment, Embry pensively thought over my question. I watched as his eyes darted over my face, wondering just what Jacob would want him to do in the situation we'd found ourselves in. I hoped upon all hope that Embry knew, because I was at a loss. Just when I thought my question to be a little too much, Embry answered. "He'd want me to take care of you." His warm breath hit my lips, sending chills across my skin. "This is the only way I know how." With that said, Embry didn't ask for my permission again. This time his head tilted to the right, and his thumb swiped at the skin next to my ear. Those seconds as he brought our lips closer together seemed to transform into minutes. The echoing waves of question calmed within my belly. My heart beat wildly in my chest. Embry's profound answer to my question lingered in my brain. His truth set free a peace within me that no one else would ever be able to give. So, before Embry could close the space between my lips and his, a sob of freedom parted my lips, and I agreed with the jagged edges of my heart to let go of someone I never had the intentions of freeing. My sobs haulted Embry's quest, but I begged, "Please...set me free." His lips melded to mine in a kiss that stopped the world on its very axis. Ear deafening silence quenched my thirsting heart. Pain no longer lingered in my chest. And the butterflies in my stomach were no longer of the anxiety variety. All I could feel, see, taste... was Embry. My crying soul wept its last tear as Embry's lips worked softly against mine – his movements long and drawn out. At that moment, I was fragile and he knew that. He knew his kiss need not be hasty or forceful. Although, behind his gentle lips I could taste his eagerness to ravish my mouth with his – to express upon me the pent up need he had to stop my pain. His grip on my face tightened when my mouth worked in conjunction with his. And his chest swelled with breath that was meant for me. I was unable to breathe, unable to comprehend the need for anything besides the soft pliable lips of Embry Call and all of their perfectness. With one simple kiss, he was able to take from me the very burdens that had me atop a cliff convinced it was my only chance at freedom. The freedom and change I craved so desperately came in the form of a second kiss as Embry pulled away only enough to exhale. The second time he kissed me was quicker, but just as soft, and was followed by the third, fourth, and fifth kisses that seemed to soften the jagged edges of my heart. One year and four days and one failed suicide attempt was what it took for me to begin to accept the death of Jacob Black. While I don't think there was ever a real possibility of me getting over Jacob or his death, the only chance I had to move on was Embry. The darkest night of my life seemingly was my most fateful one, because there atop the cliff where Jacob had lost his life I collided, literally, with the one person, who would prove to be the only one to understand, who showed me it was okay to be who I was. Embry was my call at freedom and all it took was just one kiss.