not wake him up, and kissed him on the cheek. 'Farewell.' I whispered. Only seconds later I was back in my car. I came home and took a shower, to be disturbed by Kate immediately, who walked in with an irritated expression on her face. 'I've called six times already. Why doesn't she pick up?' I was rubbing shampoo in my tangled hair. 'Maybe she doesn't want to speak to us. Give her some time, Kate.' My sister looked just as frustrated with me now. 'I want her home. She is a mess. Who knows what will happen to her.' She let out a furious grunt. I turned the shower off and stepped out it. 'I prefer having her here, too, but if she doesn't want to be here, we can't force her.' Kate didn't seem to have a problem with bringing Irina home by force. In fact, her face showed that forcing didn't sound like such a bad suggestion to her. I rolled my eyes. 'She is an adult. She'll come back when she's ready.' Kate angrily strode out and slammed the door. She was pissed with me, for not undertaking any action. I understood, because at first I had gone after Irina myself in my despair to find her. However, I had decided that it was better to give her some space. After me and Kate arrived at the Cullen's house a month ago, we had been able to convince Irina that killing the wolves was no solution for her grief and that attacking the pack would harm Carlisle and his family. Irina had followed us to our home without a single protest, but once we were back in Denali she had become restless and, in some way, ashamed. As if she didn't dare to share her sorrows with us. I had tried multiple times to talk to her, to give her some solace and cheer her up, or just to hold her, but she kept to herself and shook me off every time I tried to wrap my arms around her. I thought that, maybe, she was still mad with me, for what I had said a few days before she went off to look for Laurent. When she, to no avail, had tried to get in touch with him for the umpteenth time, I had carefully suggested that maybe he had decided to leave for good. He had obviously not been a fan of our lifestyle and I strongly doubted that he cared for Irina as much as he said he did. 'He promised me that he would be back soon!' she had shrieked with a furious look in her eyes. I didn't dare to say what I really thought of Laurent's promises. Kate, who had never been very discreet, had spoken for me out loud. 'He made you many promises that he did not keep, sister. I don't mean to hurt you, but it is highly possibly that Tanya is right.' Irina had accused us of being jealous, cruel and malicious (etc.) old maids who did not permit her her happiness. Then she had ran off, completely wired up. I knew she would not have reacted this upset if she had been truly convinced of Laurent's adoration. Anyway, even after I had apologized for my misplaced words that day, she hardly spoke to me and Kate and she never spoke to Carmen and Eleazar at all. And one day when the four of us went on a hunting trip and she refused to come, she just left. We found a note on her desk in which she stated that she could not be here right now and that she needed to be alone. At first I panicked. I did not like the idea of her being away from us when she was so…not herself. I was afraid that she would assault the wolf pack, after all. She was sensitive and her feelings always weighted down on her heavily. Luckily, this fear left me rapidly. Irina was emotional, not stupid. She would not raid a troupe of giant monsters on her own. Nevertheless it bothered me that she didn't let us hear from her at all. How much effort does it take to send a text, after all? Worried, I went after her, but I was a horrible tracker and realized that I would never find her and my search was for nothing. And who was I to force her to talk to me? She had all the rights to get away from us for a while and I was certain she would return. Kate did not share this opinion with me. She believed that Irina was very irrational at this moment and would probably, maybe even unconsciously, return to Forks and try to perform a guerilla attack. And then die. Kate, optimistic as always. If it was up to her, she would chase Irina up to the border if it was necessary, and then she would drag her back to Denali by her hair. But since I was our unofficial coven leader, I could persuade Kate into leaving Irina be. I had to face Kate's sulking expression every day, but I allowed my youngest sister the time she needed. Even though I felt blasts of agony when I pictured the worst case scenario's. I had made a promise to my mother, after all. I would keep this clan together, and although I had failed in the beginning, I was determined to protect my sisters and our bonds. And Irina's disappearance put me in a great dilemma. In order to be able to watch over her, she had to be here. But if being here made her unhappy, it might only make her distance from us more and more, and that was not something I could allow. 1 I know SM said Kate's original name was Katrina. But Katrina is not a Slavic name, its Germanic. The Slavic version of Catherine/Catherina would be Yekaterina/Ekaterina(also pronounced Yekaterina)