but figured it was just someone coming back from the bathroom. But he didn't speak after that. Actually, everyone was dead silent. For the first time since class started, I glanced up from my book. Everyone was looking at the door and then glancing back at me. I slowly turned to see what all this nonsense was about. I wasn't prepared to see him standing there. Emmett was staring straight at me with his dark blue eyes, not even blinking. His hair was still short, but I could see the tips starting to curl. He was tanner than the last time I had seen him, but that was also almost a year ago. He was still wearing his Army uniform, the material clung to his muscular body perfectly. His black combat boots had some dust on them, but other than that were relatively clean. My eyes eventually drifted to the black cane in his hand. Was this real? Or did I just fall asleep and I was having some crazy dream? That must be it. Just a dream. Okay, Rosalie. Time to wake up now. I thought to myself. Oh, shit. I'm not dreaming. Emmett was actually here. He was back. I stood up, and took a few steps toward him. My eyes began to well up with unshed tears, as my legs began to feel wobbly. I took more steps until I was standing right in front of him, still staring up at him. He was here. He was standing right in front of me. I couldn't stand to not be in some form of physical contact with him. I flung my arms around his neck, holding on for dear life. Sobs began to wrack through my body, as I felt my tears stream down my face. I heard something fall to the ground, but didn't care. His strong arms wrap securely around my waist, pulling me closer to him. Emmett is holding me. The thought made me cry harder, and I buried my face against his neck. I felt him run his rand up and down my back, attempting to soothe me. "Rosie, it's okay. I'm home . I'm never leaving you again, I swear." I heard his deep, smooth voice whisper in my ear. I took a deep breath, trying to calm myself down. I pulled away, looking at him. I knew I looked like shit, who could look good after crying that hard? I just didn't care. Emmett was home now. He wiped away some leftover tears and gave me a small smile. I kindly returned the smile, noticing a few tears of his own had fallen. "You're home for good? No more leaving?" I whispered, barely loud enough for him to hear. I watched as huge grin slowly crept across his features, showing off his dimples that I loved so much. "Baby, I'm home. I'm never ever going to leave my angel ever again." He belted out, as he pulled me tightly against him. I couldn't help but laugh as he referred to me as his "angel". I leaned forward and firmly pressed my lips to his, relishing in the familiar blissfullness. I wrapped my arms around his neck, as he lifted me off the ground. I smiled against his lips as I darted my tongue out to tease his lips, asking for entrance. He moaned and happily accepted my request. The kiss was passionate, intense and full of emotion. It wasn't until we heard the whistling and clapping, that we finally pulled away. He placed me back on the ground, and looked up with a silly smile plastered on his face. He reached into his pocket and took my hand in his. "Rosalie Hale, you are the most beautiful woman I have ever laid eyes on. You supported me when I was about to do something stupid, even when I went into the Army. You always stood by my side, no matter what. You're smart, funny, and know more about cars than I do. Which is extremely sexy. I love everything about you. The way your face scrunches up when you're concentrating. How you unknowingly mouth the lyrics to the songs you listen to. I love how you look after you've been working on a car, grease all over you and your hair pulled into a ponytail. I love the way you look when you sleep. I love how you dance in the rain like a child. I love that you can't decide on what to wear and try everything on. I love that you make me a better man. I love you, Rosie. I always have and always will." Oh my gosh. He grinned up at me, as he got down on one knee. I watched as he opened a small, black velvet box to reveal a diamond ring. My vision began to blur as tears welled up in my eyes again. "Rosalie Lillian Hale, would you do me the highest honor and become my wife?" He asked, as I heard gasps from people in the room. I nodded my head, vigorously. "Yes! Yes! Yes, I will you marry you Emmett Dale McCarty! Oh my gosh, I love you so much." I yelped, as he scooped me up and spun me around. I could hear Alice squealing and Jasper chuckling, I think he even whooped. I was going to marry the love of my life. I was going to marry Emmett. My soldier came home. Well, that's all done! I know a cliche ending, but I couldn't help myself, haha. So how did you guys like it? I've been considering whether or not to make a prequel to this one shot... What do you guys think? Yes? No? Maybe? Most of my Fanfictions will consist of Rosalie and Emmett together. I may do some Jasper and Alice or Bella and Edward at some point. Anyway, I shall leave you to read away! Have an amazing day/night depending on your time zone! Byeeeee! (: