clicking each area, to start, I went back to his bank account. I told him in just this year alone (its April) he had spent close to $21 million dollars. Of that $21 million, $9.6 million is being paid to two boat payments ($1.2million a month, a piece), one belonging to him and the other belonging to his accountant. His house payment of $2.1 million and a luxury cottage in the Bahamas of $1.1 million. However, another cottage in his accountants name in California of $800,000. With utilities and other payments close to another million a month, double for both him and his accountant, of $8 million. "Your attorney is not screwing you as bad. You say he charges $10,000 a day if any new paperwork is needed and right now he has been charging $100,000 a month even when there is no need." I told him. "As of right now, in just this year I would say your attorney has made $330,000 off you and your accountant has made $6 million." I could tell he was in shock. Not only had I told him the numbers, but showed him how and where it came from in just 30 minutes of my time going over just a few transactions. I had yet to look further into other accounts or other people. Although, it is hard to tell just how long the people had been employed by him. If it was years, I would say his accountant alone possibly has made $100 million from him in just 5 years. That shock quickly turned to rage. He was mad, steam just might come out of his ears he was so mad. Looking at me, he said. "They are fired, every one of them and I'm going to sue their asses. They will never work again in their trade. Your hired! I will pay you $1 million a year as salary to take over as my new accountant." Now it was my turn to go into shock. My jaw dropped. He couldn't be serious. He didn't know me or my credentials. I barely could think straight. $1 million! A year! It was more money that I could ever think to make. However, if your accountant is taking you for almost $20 million a year I guess that would be penny's to a guy as wealthy as Edward Cullen. Sputtering out, "What, how, why?" It was really all I could get out. He smiled at me and said, "I will even give you a bonus if you will start today, $250,000." I stared at him. With my mouth agape, I just nodded my head. Jumping slightly when my phone rang, I answered it, "Hello." "Where are you! Nessa is about to give birth! Asked Jake." Oh crap, I forgot about Nessa. "I am on my way! Sorry!" I told him. Jumping up I told Edward I needed to go. "Where are you going in a hurry?" He asked me. I replied, "My friend is at the hospital having her baby. It is the reason her husband wasn't here delivering your food instead of me." He replied, "Well I am glad for that, you have just changed my life for the better. I will even give you a ride, I would hate for something to happen to you on the way to the hospital and if your going to start working for me I should know your name at least." "Bella, my name is Bella." I told him. To think, I was woken up at midnight by Jake because Nessa went into labor. Their life would change because of a new baby and mine just changed because I was lucky enough to make the biggest tip of my life with a new job. One year later. Life has changed for me. I got the greatest job I could think of working for Cullen Marketing Inc. and found a wonderful man in Edward. It was about 4 months after I started working for him that he asked me out on a date. I set him to limits with his spending and his partying was non-existent. I met his parents as well as his brother and sister. Esme and Carlisle were wonderful people and didn't let their money change who they were. They had been worried that Edward would never settle down and change his ways. They were glad to be wrong. Alice and her husband Jasper were also beautiful people. Alice ran a boutique and her husband was in the military. Emmett, ran the sales department of the Cullen business. One day when they stopped by for lunch he met Rosalie and it was love at first sight. I found many more transactions that were costing Edward millions of dollars. A few marketing investors that Edward had turned down due to shady business, his accountant took over with Edward paying the costs. Needless to say, his accountant is in jail, paying back what he took as well as being questioned by the FBI as to his accounts with people in the mafia. His attorney was also fired and sued. He also lost his other accounts to people when word got out that during Edward Cullens' party days that people took great advantage of him and swindling him out of millions. The rich really don't like it when you cross them. It is a given that they like to party, but there is a line you do not cross. Me? I took that first bonus check of $250,000 and bought myself a house, (no down payment for me) as well as a new car (was going to miss my girl), but it was worth it. I even gave Jake, Nessa, and their little girl Emma, a down payment of $25,000 on a new home as thank you to Jake for letting me do that delivery. Life can change in the blink of an eye. Dreams can come true with a little bit of luck. Here's to Dreaming!