at the Swan household, Leah jumps off the truck to open the door for Billy. Jacob is already by her side, bouncing eagerly on his toes. He tells her all about how Bella and him were childhood friends, how they would make friggin' adorable mud pies , how he simply could not wait to see her again . Goddammit. The situation was getting dangerous. There were already the makings of a clichéd romance story, and Leah hopes that it remains just that – a story. Leah just nods along to Jacob's animated ramblings and looks at Charlie's house. It is a two-storey jig and the aforementioned officer himself is at the threshold, dragging with him an all too reluctant teen. Bella Swan. And Leah's shoulders tense up, watching the waves of smooth brown hair shimmer in the low light of Forks. The three of them meet the Swans halfway, and it is not only Jacob whose breath is taken away. Clearly, the photograph did not do Bella Swan any justice. At Charlie's insistence, Billy agrees to hang out at the Swans to watch reruns of football matches, leaving Jacob, Bella, Leah and a ridiculously awkward tension to simmer in Bella Swan's bedroom. Well, at least, ridiculously awkward for her. Jacob is being his usual charming self and is already deep in conversation with Bella about school and her life in Phoenix. Leah herself is standing by the door, grimacing at their friendly banter. They look so good with each other, and Leah's stomach feels queasy. She supposes the stomach-gurgling is jealousy. After all, Jacob is her only non-related friend and she has never had to share Jacob with another person. Leah pauses in her thoughts. Well, there is Quil and Embry… but they're guys! It isn't the same! Leah shakes her head a little – she is being nonsensical. Jacob has every right to befriend Bella Swan. But if he befriends/falls in love/dates/has babies/makes a rom-com with Bella Swan, will there ever be room for Leah anymore? In the midst of Leah's internal debate, Bella Swan turns to her, sticks out a hand and asks her to climb onto the bed with them. There is a pleasant smile on her face and Leah is hesitant in biting out, "The hell, no. " But her neck gives a little twitch, easily mistaken as a nod to the layman, and Leah gingerly climbs aboard the bed. She cringes at the creak it makes – she knows her strapping build makes her heavy. It is a tight fit and Bella Swan's dainty figure is highlighted between Jacob's bulk and Leah's own towering height. A little bit of Leah crumples. "So," Bella Swan starts, "Leah right?" It startles Leah that Bella Swan's voice is slightly deep. It is no deeper than Jacob's, but it is lower than her own and this causes Leah to raise an eyebrow. It is the first time, after all, that a woman she knows is more masculine than her in any physical aspect. "Yeah, that's me," she smoothly affirms. Bella Swan is giving her a calculating look now, analysing her, and Leah falters. Leah is aware that Bella Swan is most likely attempting to figure out her gender. 'Well, at least Bella Swan even realises I might not be a man,' Leah thinks bitterly. Abruptly, Bella Swan's eyes widen and she loudly exclaims, "Oh my goodness! You're just like me!" Leah is rudely shaken by her shoulders by a suddenly excited Bella. Jacob is completely bewildered and watches, laughing, the bastard , as Bella runs her hands over Leah's arms and face, as if affirming whatever the hell she has concluded. Leah manages to snap out of the shock-induced stupor and slaps Bella Swan's hands away. "What the hell?!" Leah feels mortified and vaguely vandalised. "Leah," Bella says, and her voice is firm and commanding, "You're a girl, aren't you?" Leah dumbly nods. And Bella Swan breaks into a smile. "This is absolutely wonderful Leah, because I'm a guy!" Ah. Author's Notes and Thought Processes Hullo. I honestly do enjoy Blackwater, but the reason I started this story is because I wanted to show my take on how I think Leah's physique should be written as. My first reaction upon reading Twilight fanfiction (for that is how I started , rather than reading the book), is that Leah would be rather masculine. After all, when the Quileute men first start shifting, even though they are men (who, let's face it, are physically stronger), the only way to adapt to the shifting is to grow taller and become a lot more muscular to accommodate to the wolf. And even though a female shifter is supposed to be an abnormality, instead of Leah growing taller and more muscular, she, as many authors portray her, gets longer legs, huger breasts and suddenly becomes ridiculously stunning! The fact that, in Twilight, Leah cannot conceive any children should relay that her (physical) femininity ended with shifting. It is one of the reasons, I feel, why Leah is so bitter. That being said, it is not as if I am anti-"Leah is a woman". I don't mind. But when people take it to the next level of Leah being a huge catch and a total bomb, it sort of douses my reading experience. However, this is fanfiction, and as such, people have the freedom to portray Leah however they want, and I don't mind that! I just don't really read the kind of fanfiction I just described. Hahaha. Because then the story is so sexually charged and, as a romance-loving kind of person, that is not my cup of tea! I want characters in any story to fall in love based on their personalities, not lust after one another (even as it does eventually lead to love). Haaaa…. I do enjoy those kinds of stories occasionally, but it is more for fun than for any serious, heart-tugging reading. I hoped you enjoyed this story! imurmotherinlaw