ready." He got up from the chair and I stood. "I'll be there soon." I stepped closer to him and hugged his cold torso. He wrapped his arms around me and stood for a moment. I pulled away and said, "Have a good night Doctor Cullen." "Get some rest Ms. Swan." He walks out and I collapse on the bed. I was tired and needed rest for what was about to come in the next few days. The next couple of days I've spent with Charlie fishing or hiking in the woods. We would invite Bella, but she would turn it down knowing something might happen. We also went with Harry Clearwater. I haven't seen him since I moved back here. I actually spent some time with their family. But Leah turned bitter when Sam left her for her cousin, Emily. I told Charlie I had to talk with Alice and he all but pushed me out of the door. Maybe it was because he thought I would act like Bella and be a loner. Right now I was parking my car staring at the house. It felt as if it's been just days ago that I was here, but it was actual months since that day. As soon as my feet hit the porch steps the door swung open. A smiling face of Alice appeared and she pulled me in for a tight hug and I did the same. My arms went around her small frame. She smelled of wild flowers and the strange forest smell that seem to stick to them. "Oh my, Menah. It's about time that you've woken up." She pulled me inside of the house and started dragging me to the living room. "Everyone has missed you." They all sat on the couches and armchairs ready for the discovery what was to come. I scanned each non aging face until my eyes stopped on him. He stared at me intensely. We didn't say anything as I got closer. He was cut from my vision when Rosalie began squeezing the life out of me. I hugged her back. "Emmett please so kind to peel your girlfriend from me." She laughed and backed away and Emmett went to lift me up in a hug. "Must you always?" Jasper comes up next and gives me a soft embrace then it was Esme and Carlisle. Edward stayed away as if he knows what's on my mind. Esme guides me to a chair that's facing the other couches they were sitting on. Carlisle was the first to speak as they settled down. "Menah. What we're about to explain may seem unreal, but from what we saw that shouldn't be a big problem." He continued on from that night. The silence was thick. They just told me what they were. "Vampires? You're all vampires. That makes sense really. That guy did bite me…" I rubbed the spot he bit me. "So what happened after I…" I didn't finish, but they knew what I had meant when I trailed off. Carlisle spoke up. "We thought you were dead, but we heard your heartbeat. Edward gave you the bite to help you and you've been in a coma since then." A shock of anger went under my skin. I got up and started to pace from the excitement. "Are you nuts? What if it would have backfired? I am a different being and you know that and you go and make a decision like that. I know I was on the verge of death, but I know I would have… at least I think I could have survived." Could I after all of that? "I saved your life Menah. I couldn't just sit there and let you die. You mean too much to everyone…to me." Edward stood up as he said that and walked towards me. "Oh really if I meant that much to you, why didn't you tell me before? Why couldn't you save me the heartache of being with Bella anyway?" I looked up to him. "Bella and I are over. It never should have happened in the first place." he said angrily. "You got that right. But I wonder. I suddenly have an accident that makes you realize your feelings for me. And you probably thought I would grovel at your knees for dumping her. We had the most mind blowing experiences so far and you go and act as if I was nothing. You can't just wish for something to happen and it works! Edward, you can't just have me! I am neither your toy nor your entertainment. If you want me, EARN ME!" I yelled the rest of the words in his face. The pain was evident in our eyes, but I will spill no more tears. "When you make up your mind don't bother to tell me." I turned to everyone else. "It was nice to see everyone, but I think it's time for me to go." Hurriedly I walked away from them and out of the house. I opened my car door to have Edward close it. He clinched his fist and said, "I just need you to listen." I nodded my head without looking at him. "I will not excuse myself for my behavior towards Bella but I will say that I was not myself." He moved closer to me and pinned me to the car gently. "I know things have been bad, I promise I will make it up to you." He moved away from and I pushed off the car. He opened up the door and I claimed inside and started up the car when he closed the door. When I was getting ready to pull off the doors to my car opened and I turned to see Alice and Rosalie. "We thought it would be a good idea to start catching up." I laughed and drove out the drive way. I would love to keep the reviews, favorites, and followers coming please.