laughs gleefully, and I cringe. Ugh. "Mates!" He suddenly exclaims, making me jump, my heart pounding. Gah! I frown at him as I stand up. "Oh, really? Was it so important that you just had to give me a heart attack?!" I ask angrily and rhetorically. He looks at me in surprise, and I pout. Seriously, are we done here yet? What is the point of just standing here? I flop back into the snow, still freezing, as I listen to the quiet conversation going on between Carlisle and the head of the Volturi. At this point, I'm about ready to up and leave. Renesmee is fine, everyone's innocent, blah blah, Caius and I are mates, can we go now? I doubt all of these people just want to wait as four out of sixty of us have a lovely little chit chat. And then suddenly, I'm beckoned forward by Aro. I roll my eyes and slowly stand up, and slowly as possible walk towards him. Caius pinches the bridge of his nose in frustration. I smirk, before speeding up next to Carlisle. "Yessum," I greet. Aro turns towards me. "Do you know what we are discussing..?" He asks. I raise an eyebrow before answering. "Unicorns?" I deadpan. He laughs, and I just stand there, looking at him. He stops laughing, abruptly. "No." Staring. "Then what? Glitter? What you're going to wear to the next British tea party, courtesy of Cauis?" I ask. I mentally give myself a high five, while simultaneously hitting myself repeatedly. It's ironic though, because he was from Greece. Too much time in England, I suppose. Caius scowls at me. What's new? "No," he repeats, seemingly getting annoyed. "Oh, don't tell me: your sex lives? How scandalous!" I exclaim, mockingly thrusting my hand to my chest. Aro now looks pissed. That's a first. "We are talking about your new-found mate, Caius," he exclaims. I snort. "Uh duh," I say. I really am taking a risk by acting like this right now; they could kill me within an instant. And, I'm usually not this sarcastic. This sarcastic. "Do not talk to our masters like that," Jane hisses. I look towards her. "No one asked you, Cruella DeVil," I tell her. Her jaw drops at the insult. I'm surprised she knows who Cruella DeVil is; the character is from a Disney movie, after all. Only made a decade or two ago. "Enough!" Caius suddenly screams, making me jump. "Get back to the matter at hand," he says more calm. Damn he's hot. "R-Right," Aro stutters. "Mates." "Mates," I deadpan. "You two are mates: you must come with us to Volterra, Camila," Aro tells me. I blink. "Excuse me?" I raise an eyebrow. Aro clears his throat. "Come. To. Volterra. With. Your. Mate," he says as if I were a young child. "Across the world?" "Italy is not across the world, child," Marcus says. "Well it's close enough!" I say. "It is not that hard, you will get over it easily," Caius says stiffly. I can tell that he's uncomfortable with this. Must be about his ex or something. "Not like I'd be leaving my life, family, and coven behind or anything," I say sarcastically. I hear Garrett snicker behind me, and roll my eyes. Immature. "As I said, you shall get over it quickly. You may always write," he tells me. Or call, or text, or IM, or email, or Skype, or video chat, or visit.. 21st century anyone? "Why do you have comebacks for everything?" I ask, narrowing my eyes. He smirks. "A millennium or so of living gives one time to think," he says simply. I roll my eyes. "Oh, I couldn't tell. How long's that again?" I ask innocently. I feel as if we're in our own world; it's just me and Caius. He narrows his eyes at me. "Are you really so incompetent as to not know?" "No, I like to call myself folly," I reply smugly. "Oh, did someone feed a dictionary to you this morning?" "Just a thesaurus." "Oh? Have fun swallowing that?" "Tasted like paper and synonyms." "Ironic." "Is that so?" "Must be." "Ahem!" Aro clears his throat, capturing our attention from our banter. "Back to the matter at hand. Are you coming or going, child?" He asks. I think for a moment, trying to remember everything my family has told us about mates. You only mate once, it's for life, after meeting your mate, you won't be able to live without them for more than two weeks. Lovely. I sigh. No choice, then. Caius would never move to Forks, let alone North America. "Fine," I groan. "But only because I don't want to die yet," I say, brushing past them to start walking. I had said goodbye to everyone on my side before we conversed with the Volturi, just in case it would come to a battle. I think it counts for this as well. Might as well save the waterworks for Volterra, considering Nessie and I were the only ones that could cry properly. Yeah, my eyes were starting to burn and I felt a lump in my throat, but surely I could hold the tears for a few hundred thousand miles? Behind me, I hear the rest of my new coven walking towards me. They speed up, and I hear Aro say how Bella, Alice, and Edward were 'such a prize' before speeding up as well. I never understood why he didn't admire Jasper's gift. I mean, he can control peoples' emotions. I find that pretty fricking cool. I can't run as fast as a full vampire, but I try to keep up with the Volturi. The forest foliage whizzes past me as I run at full speed, not wanting to be left behind. I don't exactly know how to get to Italy, or how to run through an ocean, but I'm sure staying with a group that knows how will help. As they say, follow the leader.