"There are lots to choose from, I know." Angela chuckled, and nodded, already bringing out a piece of paper with several names of charities on it. I scanned them, my eyes zeroing in on the charities which raised money for cancer, and the ones which helped bring children off the streets. "I'm stuck between them two," I told her, as I looked up and watched some other students walk in, their own banner and t shirts representing them in their bid for reputation. A lot of students had taken to the root to raise money for charity, in hope for reputation, but we hoped that people would care more for the charities helped then their reputation. "I like them both. Maybe we can split the money raised?" I thought about it and it seemed the most reasonable thing to do, however much money we ended up raising. I knew this would end up happening as it was an honest thing to do, and I looked to Angela and nodded, before gathering my bags up. "I hate maths," Angela groaned as she stood up beside me, already knowing I was going to head there myself. "I'm good at it, but I hate it." She was right about that. She flew through all the questions and was done before anyone else in class, I envied her that. We walked out of the cafeteria and made our way down the corridor, following Mike and Ben into class before taking our seats at the side window. The class actually didn't take as long and the time passed just as easily as it would do by doing something fun. We spent the day with science and geography, before the bell rung telling us freedom was now granted. The whole school nearly charged out, whooping their own happiness as they high tailed it out of here either by bus or their cars. I chuckled as I walked alongside Angela, heading for my red rusted truck. "You really should trade this thing in," she commented, climbing in the passenger door. I rolled my eyes, climbing into the driver's side and turning the engine on. "It's going to break down sooner or later, it looks like it is about to die." I laughed. "My truck is solid, leave off it. She gets me where I need to go and she is cheaper than most fancy cars you see parked around here." I pulled out of school and begun the drive to my house. Normally we'd go to Angela's to bake, but since I was still a day and a bit away from getting freedom from my sentence of grounding, Charlie wouldn't let me, and insisted I brought Angela home. I couldn't for the life of me wonder why he wouldn't let me just go to Angela's house, but he was being stubborn and not backing down. He wasn't home when we got there, and it made me think that we could have gone to Angela's in the first place, but I wasn't going to push my luck. We climbed out and rushed in, escaping the chilly cold that was now filtering through the trees of Forks. Angela went straight for the kitchen, pulling out bags of ingredients I had stocked up on. I smiled as I watched her going about with papers with ingredients on, and I walked in after her, going to help. We made a great team, I always knew that, so it wasn't long until we had all the ingredients measured and out ready on the table. "Cake or cupcakes first?" she asked, looking towards me. "Definitely cake!" We both laughed and went to mix the ingredients. Whilst I let Angela mix, I moved the cake tins across and lathered them with margarine and cake lining, to help stop it from sticking. I looked up to see Angela nodding, bringing the mixture over to pour into the bowls. I loved how it already evened out, oozing perfection. When we had put the cake in the oven, set the timer and washed our hands, we went straight on to make the cupcakes which were done in a matter of minutes, all ready for lining in their cases. We really did make a great team, and if I had asked myself a few months ago did I see myself baking in my kitchen with Angela after a break up with Edward, I would have cried for hours. Life without Edward wasn't as bad as I once made it out to be, and I was proving that by just managing to socialise with Angela and Jacob. They were easily my two best friends, and I knew that I could live my life happy with them in it, even if I wished the Cullens back. Two hours later we were done and looked at the decorated cakes and cupcakes. Angela clapped and hugged me, looking down at them. I didn't realise just how many cupcakes we were making until we decorated, and I groaned, trying to think how best to sell them all off. "They look great!" Angela exclaimed, picking her bags and coat up, hearing the horn outside signalling her mother was there to pick her up. "Just box them up for tomorrow, and we'll sell them all, I just know it! Thanks, Bella! I'll see you tomorrow!" I chuckled as I watched her skip out, and I moved to box them up. Charlie walked in five minutes later and sniffed, a grin forming on his face as he sneaked a cupcake out of the box. He smiled at my look of irritation and walked out, munching on the newly made cupcake. Now I had them boxed up I had to worry where to hide them, as I squeezed them in some cupboards before saying goodnight once more to Charlie, and rushing upstairs. I showered and brushed my teeth, before jumping into bed, reading for a few hours before sleep claimed me once more. REVIEW! :D Please? :D