and I assured them that if I ever needed it I would call them up and ask. But that didn't stop both of them and even Phil putting money in my account that would last me at least 2 years since I had a scholarship and all. And I was pretty sure I'd still have enough to get an apartment for college when I came back. With that settled, I enjoyed my summer with my family as best as I could, knowing I wouldn't be seeing them for a year. When it was time for me to go, I thought Renee would drag me by my hair to her car and lock me up for good with the death of a hug she gave me. Charlie was slightly calmer. He understood my need to do this, but he still wasn't happy with me going to places I've never been to before. I would always be his little girl, he told me. After a long and tiring teary goodbye, I waved goodbye to my life in Forks for good, vowing that when I came back to America, I would finally be me again. Oh how wrong I was. I spent the first 4 months in Africa. It was absolutely gorgeous. I started from the south travelling my way up. My first stop was South Africa. I fell in love immediately. Spending about 2 weeks in Johannesburg, I visited safaris and ate too much food than I could bear. I travelled to the coast to take pictures of the oceans and even went dolphin watching. (AN: Just literally made that up). My next two countries were Botswana and Zimbabwe; I went there as I had heard about volunteers needed to take care of children. I moved up to central Africa and went to Tunisia and Tanzania. I actually went into the wild to encounter first hand wild animals. Surprisingly while in Tanzania, I met shifters just like in Forks. They did not shift into wolves though; they shifted into these massive mountain tigers . I even had the pleasure of riding one. Jacob would freak if I ever told him that. They were very nice and welcoming so I stayed with them for about 3 weeks and they told me all about their stories. My last stop was Morocco only for the fact I wanted to relax and just lie on the beach. I travelled to Asia and spent 3 months there. I started with China. I walked the Great Wall of China, well part of it anyways. Ate China's glorious food and was sure I gained 5 pounds. And brought myself and my mum traditional Chinese clothing, she loved it the minute she got it after I sent it. I then travelled to India staying there for 3 weeks. I visited the Taj mahal and rode an elephant. Thailand was next. I spent 2 weeks in the beautiful villa in the forest. Finally my last stop was Europe. It was the most I was excited about because of the museums and the art I just couldn't wait to explore and learn. I landed in Egypt on my 8th month away from home. I missed Charlie a lot and emailed him whenever I could. My mother called once in a while but it wasn't as bad as it was in the beginning. From Egypt, Germany was next on my list. I didn't stay there long as I wanted to get to France and Italy for the museums. After passing though Greece, I flew to Italy and decided to hire a car and have a little road trip for the remainder of my trip. Of course Roma was my first destination there. I visited the Roman coliseum and of course the Vatican Museum. I stared at the famous painting of Leonardo Da Vinci for at least an hour. I was truly stupefied. Travelling I made my way through Italy. Driving on the high way of Italy, I couldn't help but think of Alice. She would've loved this, especially Milan. I missed them. I tried not to think about them but there were times like this when I couldn't help myself. I was royally pissed off at Edward for taking them away from me. But I was also pissed off at them for allowing that stupid self-centred prick I fell in love with to convince them to leave. As I was waiting at an intersection, something caught my eye. A sign. Well two signs really. One to the right with the words: Volterra the other to the left: Venice . Venice was my destination. But Volterra sparked my memory, when Edward was talking about vampire royalty, telling me that under no circumstances do you piss them off unless you have a death wish. I stood there, in the middle of the highway being the only car there. Thinking. Just thinking. I already knew I was going to Volterra; I was only worried for my parents. If something were to happen to me they'd be devastated. Edward would be crapping his balls if he knew I was doing this. His voice rolled into my head, "Promise me one thing. You won't do anything stupid." Ha! My name was stupid. You've cracked man. Oh shoosh. Voices in my head were a constant. You get used to it With the revving of my car, I sped down towards the right. I wasn't stupid, well maybe a little. I didn't have a death wish. I was simply curious. And if something tried to attack me, then maybe what happened to Laurent would happen to them. It was wishful thinking really. Welcome to Volterra. You know, you're probably gonna die here right? There's a chance but you'll protect me, you always do. I was delving into a world I didn't belong to and I just hope I will come out alive. Hope you liked it. More to come soon. (AN: I'm British, sorry don't know that many American colleges