if I were you." A chirpy voice commented beside me. I looked at the seat to find a pixie chick sitting next to me. Her hair was sharp and her body was tiny but her face was absolutely beautiful, all feminine wide eyes and no blemishes. Although she was certainly tiny, her face displayed the maturity of her years so if I had to guess I knew she'd be somewhere around my age. As I was about to reply a voice from the upper levels of the chamber erupted, "Who wants to open it first?" My head hurt like hell and even my stomach was a bit queasy but even I could process the potential dangers involved with opening a shuttle before we even landed. "Hey, how much time has passed?" I asked the girl next to me as I unbuckled my seat belt. "A few hours, we've been sitting here for a bit after the land. People are kind of scared of opening the door, you know, because of the possible death factor. Jessica tried to wake you up before but you were lights out. Do you know why she hates you?" "Wait we landed? Are we on Earth?" How deep could I have been out? She nodded slowly, looking up at me. "Holy, shit. No way! Why are you just sitting here?" I jumped up from my seat, ready to head to the door. My head ache had subsided slightly but I was too curious to not go. "It's like a mosh pit up there!" She groaned. "What's your name?" I asked as I unbuckled her seatbelt and tugged on her arm. "Alice." "Well, Alice, we're going to go up there and make sure we don't die once we get out of here." In reality she wasn't as small as I thought but she was still a good four inches shorter than my 5"5 frame. Leading her down the steps was for the most part pretty easy since our floor was practically deserted; the real problem was on the first floor where everyone had decided to shove themselves as close to the doors as possible. Still, Alice and I weaved our way through the sea of bodies to get close to the front. There was definitely a spectacle people were enjoying as they stood on their tip-toes to get a better view of the front of the room and whispered in anticipation to each other. "Fuck, you too!" A familiar voice boomed. As the crowd thickened I knew we were approaching our goal. "Well someone has to do it! We can't live in here! So are you going to stop me?" We finally broke through the crowd, arriving at the point where two guys were having a heated argument. The much larger one was easily the biggest guy on the ark with brown curls and dimples easing his intimidating frame. He stood challengingly in front of a tall but significantly smaller blonde. "Emmett!" To my surprise Alice's small frame darted to the bulldozer of a guy. He was just as surprised to see her if the look of shock was anything to show for it. He immediately wrapped his arm around Alice and protectively pushed her behind him a bit. "So if you don't mind," The blonde glanced at Alice and then at Emmett as he approached the door of the ark. Emmett moved quickly, grabbing the blondes arm and yanking it back, "Like hell!" Then things went very bad very quick. The blonde boy spun around and with the agility of a predator, escaped Emmett's grasp while shoving his enormous body away. Unfortunately, Emmett plummeted into Alice and a loud yelp echoed throughout the enclosed space. Meanwhile, another bronze haired guy jumped in front of the blonde like he was ready to murder the boy but a red head shoved her way to where they stood and effectively blocked them from each other. By this time Alice had recovered from being nearly crushed to death and was livid, already marching to the heat of where the action was. She shoved the bronze male away and was confronting the gorgeous ginger who looked about ready to rip Alice's head off. Apparently Alice had no hesitations despite being nearly a foot shorter than her counterpart. Emmett then returned and was roaring mad shit at the blond male but was being held back by the bronze guy. Shit really hit the fan when little Alice took a swing at the girl she had been arguing with, clipping her jaw with a loud smack. Of course, she retaliated and all of a sudden all three boys forgot everything and occupied themselves with the seemingly impossible task of making sure the girls didn't murder each other while they tried to pry them apart. This left the door to the outside completely unguarded and I took it as an opportunity to resolve this once and for all. While the crowd of inmates egged on the fight, I edged my way to the door and before anyone could stop me, I rotated the handle to open it and was rewarded with a loud squeal and click. The shrieks of combat ceased behind me and I turned to see everyone had stopped everything they were doing even the anxious crowd and both of the girls. The room consisted of a mixture of various facial expressions ranging from shock, eagerness, and fear. In fact, everyone had forgotten the fight all together and were waiting on me to open the door completely. Turning, I grasped the metal bars of the door and with all my strength pushed outward. Pop. The door burst open as a gust of wind entered the shuttle. It felt exactly like how all the books explained it would feel, a caress of cooling air. It smelled even better than the botanic garden on the arc. My hair blew behind me as I was the first person on the ark to step on Earth.