they've seen something like this before." My eyebrow quirked and he sighed in response to my unasked question. "I don't want to give you anything yet, not until I'm sure I'm doing the right thing." He put a gentle hand on my shoulder. "I'm sorry, Jasper." The worst part was, I knew he was telling the truth. Unlike Maria, he wouldn't be cruel for the sake of being cruel. "It's okay." It really wasn't, but my stomach was lurching again and I was afraid to open my mouth to say anything more. An image of the moose I had taken down for my last meal flashed into my mind, and I pushed it down hard. Food was not what I wanted to think about. Carlisle didn't say anything else, just patted my shoulder and left, no doubt to spend hours in deep conversation with Eleazar about what his chronic fuck-up of a child had managed to do to himself this time. It was an unfair thought and I knew it. Carlisle had never been anything but patient and loving towards me. Still there was only so much one leader could be expected to take, and I knew I pushed his limits sometimes. With a barely audible sigh, I stretched back out and tried to find a comfortable position. I ached down to my very bones, a cold pain that caused all of my muscles to tremble. Even though my human memories were blurry and faded, I felt like I would have remembered if I had ever been this ill. Even in the dim light, I could clearly make out the clock on the mantle. One-thirty. Another hour and a half, at least, before Alice would be home and able to comfort me. Just a few decades ago, I would have been mortified to be so dependent on another vampire, but things had changed. I had changed, in ways that I still had trouble understanding. Still, dependency had its downsides, and I was feeling them now. I would have accepted Esme, or even Carlisle right now, but I didn't know if I could force myself to get up and go to either one of them. Shouting might have been an option, but my throat hurt already, and I didn't even want to think about what yelling might do to my already pounding head. I held out for another ten minutes, until I started to shake at the thought of being alone for any longer. Knowing I would work myself up into a full-blown panic attack (another not-so-fun side effect of having a gift dealing with emotion), I closed my eyes and reached out, searching the house for the familiar emotions. I located Esme in the basement, more specifically doing laundry, and Carlisle in his study on the second floor. Esme was a little closer, but I didn't want to risk pitching down the basement stairs and landing on the concrete below. While I probably wouldn't be injured, I didn't want to jar myself any more than was strictly necessary. So, the decision made, I forced myself up and towards the stairway. My hips and back complained pitifully with every step I took, but I kept going. I supposed if I could thank my former life for one thing, it was the ability to effectively block the worst of my pain. I had never counted them before, but I now knew that there were thirty-four steps to the second floor of the house. Thirty-four agonizing steps. My legs wanted to give out on me, but I managed to stay upright by sheer determination. Another fifteen steps had me down the hall and opening the door to the study. Carlisle was still on the phone. "I'm going through some of my files, but to be honest — " He broke off quickly when he saw me leaning against the doorframe. "Jasper! What's wrong?" How could I say this without looking like a weak, frightened child? "I wanted you." Even I could hear the needy note in my voice. He was up in an instant, pulling one of my arms over his shoulder. "Easy, easy. You should have called me. I'd have come down. You need to be resting until we know more about what's going on." For the first time, I realized that I had been getting ready to fall over. Great, my humiliation was complete. "Sorry." His face softened. "It's all right. Listen, you go lie down in your room, and I'll call Eleazar back on my cell so I can come sit with you. Would that work?" It would have been if I could have made it back down the hall to the room Alice and I shared. But my vision was already starting to waver in and out. Abruptly his grip tightened on my arm. "Jasper!" I felt fuzzy, like I was trying to listen through a head stuffed with cotton. It would have been easier to close my eyes and regain my bearings, but he sounded kind of worried, so I focused on him instead. "Huh?" His yellow eyes held mine, and I could feel his anxiety increasing. For a moment, he opened his mouth to speak, but then thought better of it. Without a word, he guided me down the hall. Never, not even when Alice was in there waiting for me, had my bed looked more inviting. I flopped down on it, not bothering to undress first. Carlisle kept one hand on my back, a point of comfort, even after I closed my eyes. I would have known he was there anyway, of course. I could recognize any member of the family, plus Bella (whom I was grudgingly coming to admit counted as an honorary family member at the very least) by both their emotions and their smell, but I appreciated the gesture. My mind fogged further, and I relaxed for the first time all day. Secure under Carlisle's watchful eye, I let the darkness take me.