pair of vampires that he helped escape from Maria's troupe when the female of the pair was scheduled for 'culling'. Even with his two friends he felt discontent, so he left to go on his own searching... For what he didn't know. It was shortly after that that he found Alice. I liked both of them greatly. Alice and I quickly became good friends. Her strangely infectious and giddy disposition made her impossible to hate. Jasper was smart, and once you got past his quiet and introverted outward disposition, he had a wicked quick wit. I noticed it long before the others. In the early years, he remained quiet around everyone most of the time, but I heard his silent thoughts, remarks and responses that he kept to himself. I often found myself snickering and holding back chuckles to something he thought in response to something Emmett, Rose, and even sometimes Alice, would say or do. He'd smirk back at me, acknowledging our shared, silent joke. It didn't take too long for him to gain the confidence around the others to finally start opening up and saying some of his wisecracks out loud. Emmett appreciated him even more then. Em was like a big kid at heart and there were few things he valued over a good sense of humor. Alice and I just sort of clicked, right from the start. I had considered Nahuel to be my only real friend, outside of the family, but Alice became my best friend. In the beginning, Alice found my effect on her visions annoying, but she would later confide in me that she found my presence both calming and exciting. Calming because she found she could just shut the visions off when with me and imagine what it must be like to be 'normal', and exciting, because when she was in my company, her own immediate future became as blank as mine. She had no idea what was to come and for Alice, that was scary and exciting. It was like a thrill ride for her. When she first told me that I laughed and told her she was crazy. She only laughed in return. Time passed. I thought I was happy for a while. I loved my family. Every one of them. Even Rose, no matter how much of a brat she was. But I always felt... lonely. I had already begun feeling it before Alice and Jasper arrived. My parents were blissfully in love and Emmett and Rosalie were devoted to each other. I had longed for a connection like that with someone. Alice and Jasper provided a distraction for a short time. Their friendship gave me something positive to focus on, rather than my own bachelorhood, but they were just as in love with each other as the other couples in my family, and eventually I began feeling that ache again. I parted ways with my family a few more times for brief intervals over the years. During one of these trips I went to visit Nahuel again, planning to meet his sisters this time. It had been my hope that I might form a connection with one of them. There were so very few of our kind, it almost seemed like my only hope. While I did find them pleasant enough, there was nothing there for me. I had no real connection with any of them. There was no... spark . I searched for any others of our kind, but came up empty. I returned to my family in the early 1970's while they were living in the shadow of Mt McKinley, in Alaska's Denali National Forest. I arrived to discover that my family had befriended another small coven of golden-eyed vampires. Three sisters: Irina, Kate, and Tanya. They were all far older even than my father, over a thousand years old each, in fact. They had come to a conscious on their own after many, many years of seducing human males into their beds and then feeding upon once they were finished with them. They were likely the origin of the succubus legends of old, but had apparently grown to care for their bedmates and eventually stopped killing them when the sex was over, opting instead to invite them back for repeat visits. In recent years, they had come to discover the alternative animal diet. Obviously, Mother and Father were thrilled to find them and their family became quite close with ours. They were eventually joined by two additional vampires, a mated couple who joined them because they were also interested in the diet. Father actually knew one of the two from his time, centuries ago when he lived in Italy. The vampire in question, Eleazar, had been a member of the guard to the educated vampires he stayed with. Eleazar had found his mate, Carmen, a few decades ago and left Italy at that time searching for a new life for themselves, and eventually desiring a life that didn't involve the killing of humans for food. Father was joyful at the idea that other vampires were finally beginning to accept compassion for humans into their hearts. While we lived in Alaska, I became friends with the three sisters, as well as Eleazar and Carmen. As more time passed, one of the sisters, Tanya, began to show an interest in me. Her thoughts put me off and I very politely told her so, many times. She seemed enticed by the fact that I was warm and soft, like the human men she enjoyed to bed, but excited by the fact that I was strong and durable as a vampire. She hinted on numerous occasions that she was interested. Emmett and Jasper insisted that I needed to put honest consideration into her offer, but I knew it wasn't right. Tanya wasn't interested in love. She wanted sex, and that was not what I was looking for, and it only served to further the lonely pit in my stomach.