my hair again. "That bad?" Bella laughed. I chuckled and nodded my head enthusiastically. "Yes. Bad. Jessica has... experience. Not a lot mind you, but she's had enough experience to have a vivid imagination on sexual matters. The fantasies of virgins are often more inaccurate or down-right impossible, but at least they're fuzzy and vague enough that they aren't hard to ignore. Virgin males that have watched a lot of porn... that's another story entirely. They're just unrealistic and usually involve a lot of loud moaning..." I shuddered. "Oh my god... so do people really think about sex as often as all the statistics claim?" "More often. At least, in high school they are. This place is downright torturous for me sometimes. It definitely doesn't help that half the student body finds me attractive. Honestly, there are days I envy the geeks with their bad acne and greasy hair. At least then I wouldn't be constantly bombarded with other people's mental images of myself performing various sexual acts to them." I cringed. "Ew... that'd be..." "Really awkward and disgusting?" I offered. "Yeah... at the very least." "The very least." I laughed loudly. She was quiet for a moment and I could tell from her eyes that she was mulling over everything I'd said to her, in her head. I let my mind wander for a moment and snickered at what I heard. Bella eyed me curious, silently asking what I was laughing at now. I shook my head, grinning. "Several of the students around us are wondering what's wrong with me. Several of them are debating on whether or not I'm on something." I paused, listening some more, and started chuckling again. "Even my family is wondering if I've lost my mind." She looked at me confused, raising her eyebrow. "I... I don't often laugh... or smile, for that matter. Or speak out loud to anyone that isn't either a member of my family or a teacher, asking me a class related question." I smiled sheepishly. "Oh... so what exactly has caused the change?" I gave her a crooked grin. "You." She stared at me, open mouthed for a second, blushing. "So Bella," I began again, "I've told you one of my biggest secrets... will you tell me a little about yourself?" "I can't imagine what you'd want to know... I've got nothing that compares to mind-reading." I chuckled. "I'm not expecting anything crazy. I just want to know you better. I really love the idea that anything you tell me is of your own will. Normally I can just pick these things out of people's minds, but with you, I can't do that. Any information on you has to be given voluntarily. It's like you're giving me a gift." I smiled at her and she blushed. "I was really very grateful for what you shared with me this morning about your mother and step-father. Perhaps I could just ask some questions?" She shrugged. "Sure, that works." "Okay," I grinned widely. "What's your favorite color?" She was laughing loudly, hiding her face behind her hands. "I felt so bad for those fish... " "I can't believe your mother didn't realize that you knew they were dying." I chuckled. "Every time the fish died, she'd go out to the store and buy another one to replace it, hoping I wouldn't notice it was a different fish. Once she didn't even get the same species of fish. She got a guppy instead of a goldfish and expected me to not notice." She giggled in response to my laughter and smiled. "I mean, I was only six, but I wasn't stupid. I eventually put my foot down and told her to stop replacing the fish. It was clear that our house was cursed or something. No fish could survive more than a week. We doomed fish." I laughed loudly before squishing it into a chuckle. I looked around the cafeteria and the smile fell from my face. I heaved a heavy sigh. "What's up?" She asked, catching my sudden shift in mood. "Lunch is over. Class starts in less than five minutes. I have to give you up soon." "Oh... well, we can eat together again tomorrow... and we've got homeroom." She smiled sheepishly and I grinned back, glad she really wanted to keep visiting with me. "What's your next class? I can walk you." I said standing up and stacking our tray contents together before stacking the trays and picking them up. "Oh um..." she paused and fished into her bag for her schedule. "Um, it's... Biology 2." I paused, my eyes alight suddenly. "With Mr. Banner?" "Um... Yes. Why?" I smiled widely and laughed suddenly. "You'll be my lab partner!" "Huh?" "I've also got Bio2 next, and I'm the only one in the class without a lab partner." I chuckled. "Oh... Oh! So we've got the same class next?" "Yes, and the seat beside me, is the only one open." "Oh, wow." I smirked and offered her my free hand, supporting our combined trays in the other. "Shall we?" She smiled and nodded, taking my hand to stand up. The temperature of her hand felt nearly molten to my icy skin, but the heat was wonderful. We both gasped at the contact and she stared at our joined hands for a moment before shaking her head and standing to her feet. "I'm sorry my hands are so cold." I apologized, still smiling softly at her. "It's fine... kind of surprising at first, but the coolness is nice..." She said, her voice trailing to a whisper towards the end. I smiled. "Are they always this cold?" "Always." She didn't push any further, and I was grateful. I wasn't sure if I could make it out of this conversation without lying or giving away details I wasn't yet ready to give away. I dumped our trays and discarded them before leading her outside towards the science building where our Biology class was held.