would laugh and-" Jan sniffed. "He was just so happy, Owen. Such a happy man." "I remember. My first conference. I thought I was in line for the small business talk when I hear this man walk up. He asks me, 'Son, do you like koolaid?' I said, 'Not particularly.' And he takes me by the arm and guides me across the hotel foyer to the correct line for the chiropractors conference. I had just been saved from accidently attending a Tony Robbins seminar." At that, the woman across from him barked out a laugh. "Dr. Reid!" Owen chuckled. "Will helped me navigate the rest of the conference and we've connected at others throughout the years." A pause. The young doctor let a bit of the seriousness seep back into the conversation. "Nothing more than those occasional meet-ups, though." "I don't know," Jan admitted. Their food arrived with a wafting smell of eggs and bacon and pancakes. "Will shut down when Megan went missing. I've tried to keep things going by rescheduling the regular appointments. We've lost a lot of clientele, though. I don't know what to do, Owen." Neither did he. But it didn't mean she needed to have the weight and pressure of that uncertainty on her mind. Owen forced a smile, something calm and reassuring. "What you need to do is take the next three days off." He almost felt her shock and continued quickly, "Jan, you've done really good job, here. I so appreciate your work and your investment in the office." She was crying. "And what I need you to do, right now, is take a few days for yourself. I've reviewed all the expense reports you sent and the budget. We are going to be fine to close up shop 'til next week." They needed that time. He needed the quiet to build a personal acquaintance with the space. Jan needed time to separate and mourn. "Promise me, ok? Go away for a while with your family," she'd talked about them during one of their first phone calls. A husband and three kids. "Go away...but then come back." She laughed again. "Yes sir." xXXx Owen sat in the dark of his new office, hands folded, head bowed, thoughts a thousand miles and sixteen years away. "What you're seeing, Owen, is nothing." "No, I see the lights." A million dancing lights. Beautiful orbs of colors and lines and squiggles that jumped with every turn of the eyes. They were playful things. He imagined a world where the shapes could talk. 'Look at me! Look at me!' They would say. 'If you catch us, we will tell you a secret...' A whole galaxy of color creatures. "I don't understand..." His mother's voice in the memory, sad and distant. "There's gotta be a way to fix this, doc!" His father's voice. "Therapy...'er somethin'!" The voices like a breeze. The colors like a planet...his planet. 'Catch us, Owen.' Everywhere he looked. 'Try to catch us.' Why couldn't he focus on anything? "The No Light Perception designation does not mean total black. What your son is experiencing is a kind of visual tinnitus; images and colors manifested by the mind." Tinnitus? What? Were they talking about him? The breeze was a wind in his ears. The planet was spinning. Little Owen blinked and looked all about himself for the exit...the escape pod to leave his shape planet and travel to where he heard his parent's voices. "Mom?" "It's ok, baby." But her wind voice was a storm with tears like rain. He felt them hitting the top of his head. It wasn't ok. His father was a hurricane somewhere nearby. "THIS SURGERY WAS S'POSED T' FIX HIM!" "Mr. Reid, I-..." The colors weren't playful anymore. "David, stop yelling." The circles dashed across the sky. No. Not the sky...the sky was blue and what he saw was something like brown. 'Wanna know our secret?' "I'm gonna sue yer ass t' hell! You got no idea what's comin'!" Owen couldn't breathe. He tried to run, but something had him tight across the body. Arms. His mother's arms. "You're scaring, Owen!" His mother's voice. 'Look at us, Owen...' "Please calm yourself, Mr. Reid. There's nothing we can do except help him adjust." The little boy gulped at air and pushed and wriggled with all his little might until he was falling...and the wind was screaming...and the hurricane was roaring...and his planet was laughing as he fell... SLAM! Owen startled awake on the floor of the office, an old, known panic filling his chest. He leaned back, knees drawn up, arms wrapped tight about them until he was a ball of manic breaths at the feet of the chair he'd fallen from. Memories of that day as a child threaded in and out of his present with a reckless cruelty. Physical emotions at war with the logical mind. He had fallen from his mother's lap that day, the day the doctor had told them about the failed surgery and what it meant for him. Totally blind. The two words on his health documents. It was the day he learned the secret of the color shapes. 'We will never leave. When you close your eyes. When you open them. Every second of your life until the day you die, we will be with you.' His own planet of beautiful, endless monsters. Owen Reid hugged himself tight through the panic as his mother had done and began the methodic process of tuning out the infinity of his blindness, grounding deep into reality. First the clinical smells of the office. The hint of essential oils Jan must have favored at her desk. The feel of the cold tile beneath him. Owen's heart began to slow its pace. The faint taste of toothpaste on his teeth. He felt his muscles relaxing. The ever-present tap of rain. Gentle, soothing rain. And somewhere far off...Owen heard the baying of a wolf. Reference: Missing hikers in New Moon, Chapter 8.