you a single piece of history concerning your bionic capabilities or she too would be imprisoned. She's lucky that she got to raise you because usually the government is very strict when it comes to deserters. I'm happy to tell you, though, that in return for both their compliance the government has released your father and he will be meeting with your mom tomorrow." This is so insane. I've never met my dad and my mom talked very little of him. Whenever I asked why he was in jail she only ever told me that he was wrongly imprisoned and he's innocent. After she told me that he was locked up for life I pitied the way my mom spoke about him. She would speak as though she may have the opportunity to reunite with him someday; an impossibility that only she knew would one day come. I, however, have always been under the impression that I'd never be able to see him unless it was through a glass window, talking over a telephone. I couldn't help but feel excited. Deep down, though, there was guilt. My entire life I've thought of him as the bad guy; the douche father who was stupid enough to commit a felony and leave behind his family. My mom had always been right. More so, with Mrs. Cullen's words I also dropped the resentment I've felt for my mom these past couple of weeks. None of this was her fault. Now, I started feeling the first stems of excitement. "Wait, so now that my dad's free and my mom kept up her terms does that mean I get to meet him?" I could actually have a dad, one that could walk me down the aisle and love my mom as they grew old together. Mrs. Cullen nodded "Yes you can. However the visiting days for Union Academy are restricted to twice a month unless parents are part of faculty. Since your parents have kept up to their stipulations I'm fairly certain that they'll soon join us at Union Academy." "You mean like becoming teachers?" I asked, slightly confused. My mom could barely contain her patience in the pizza line; the thought of her teaching a bunch of high school students was pretty laughable. "Not necessarily. The reason for our bionic engineering was to ultimately help our government. Although right now we're not in any serious wars, we still need to work for Union Academy. There are a myriad of careers available. Preferably: scientists, doctors, and politicians. Obviously we can't visit any hospital if we got hurt or in the case of a regular check up, that's why doctors are needed. Politicians, or lawyers, are always helpful for experimentation rights and keeping us out of the view of the public. Still, we do need teachers but those aren't so hard to come by. Usually the older members become teachers after their time in the work force has worn them down. Personally, I just love kids and I guess this job lets me keep a close eye on my own." I could tell the passion Mrs. Cullen had for kids was genuine considering the way her eyes lit up as she spoke about them. This worried me, though. I could understand that she would be happy to work for Union Academy because she loved kids but I, on the other hand, wasn't at all interested in spending the rest of my life teaching the next generation nor was I interested in being their lawyer or doctor. These thoughts lead me to my next question that I felt would ultimately determine whether this place was a prison or not. "Mrs. Cullen after I graduate high school am I allowed to go to university and not work with Union Academy?" As if she knew I would ask this question she had the answer on the tip of her lips and in just a few seconds all my worries diminished. "Bella, I promise we're not here to keep you captive. Arrangements can always be made but, trust me, this is a community you're going to grow to love and it will ultimately be something you want to be a part of. In truth, Bella, I love who I am and I know soon you'll love who you are too." Mrs. Cullen's sincerity seeped through her words at the end and embraced me in warm reassurance that she's not the bad guy. I also learned that my mom wasn't the bad guy either. The only villains in this equation are within me and it's my job to figure out a way to fight them off. Although I hate to admit it, I think I was warming up to her. In all honesty, though, I have been fighting my attraction to her friendliness for the bigger portion of my time with her but now I see there's no point. She's really someone I'm going to need if I'm going to get past my obstacles. "Thanks, Mrs. Cullen. It's definitely a lot to take in but I do feel better, kind of." I rubbed both my hands together and tried my best to look friendly. I hope she knew that I was speaking honestly. Mrs. Cullen stood up from her position on the bed and walked over to sit beside me "It's my pleasure, Bella. Tomorrow I'll have someone bring you to my office so we can talk about your school schedule and any other questions you may have. Your roommate's going to be here for breakfast and I'm sure you guys will get along perfectly. Sleep well tonight, tomorrow's a big day." She got up to leave and I followed her to the door. "Thanks, Mrs. Cullen." Right before leaving she turned and gave me a good hug, a momma hug. After releasing me she grinned and said "I'm Mrs. Cullen during school but for now call me Esme." With that she left and I was on my own until morning.