with her hand. I smiled and stood up to look over my bags. "You got everything you need?" "I think so." "Sorry I didn't help more with the packing." She said sheepishly. I raised my eyebrow and gave her a little smirk. "It's okay mom, I know this past week hasn't been easy on you," I said reassuringly before I added "Plus you were probably hoping I would change my mind and put everything back." We laughed and she walked over to help me make sure everything was in order. Just then my phone rang. It was Alice telling me she was downstairs. I invited her up then started to gather my things. "Knock, knock." Alice said announcing her arrival into the room. Her eyes danced around the room, eyeing the small amount of bags I had strewn across the floor, and then stopped when she got to my moms tear streaked face and puffy eyes. She glanced back and forth between me and my mom a few times before speaking. "Aww Mrs. Swan, Everything will be just fine I'll take excellent care of Bella." She said before pulling my mother into a hug. She barely came up to my mothers shoulder and she was trying to comfort her. It was funny to watch my mom wrapped around Alice's small frame, but then again it wasn't that hard to be bigger than Alice. She wrapped her hand around Alice's head crushing her perfectly spiky hair and round two of the water works began as she continued to embrace Alice, but these tears weren't for me this time, they were for Alice. She had been my best friend for as long as I could remember. We grew up together. She was practically my mom's second child and she was going to miss her too. I shook my head and smiled at the both of them while bending down to grab my duffle bag. I stepped out of the room and was headed downstairs when I saw a tall, russet skinned, well built man, wearing khaki shorts and a white tank top, standing in the middle of my living room. I stopped dead in my tracks. I was stunned at how beautiful he was. Despite the cold weather outside he looked……warm? His back was facing towards me. He was admiring the pictures on the mantle and my eyes began to scan over his broad shoulders and huge biceps. He shifted his body which made my eyes change course. They began to trail down the contours of his back, watching the way the muscles in his back moved as he adjusted his stance. My eyes continued their descent past the hem of his shorts right down to his……… wait, who the hell is this guy and what is he doing in my house? I don't care how hot you are, I'll still call the police if I have to……..hell who am I kidding, if you take off your shirt while you're robbing me blind I wont complain…..focus Bella. You just got out of a bad relationship, get it together. I shook my head in attempt to clear it. After my thoughts were appropriate for conversation I cleared my throat to get the strangers attention. He jumped at the sound and quickly spun around. When I saw his face my mind went blank. He was gorgeous. His hair looked like black silk. It hung shoulder length, just barely sweeping across the straps of his tank top. His alluring dark brown eyes complemented his flawless titian skin. He started to speak interrupting my gawking. I felt the heat of my blush appear on my cheeks and dropped my head briefly in hopes that he wouldn't notice. "Oh…uh…hi," I looked up to see he had and embarrassed smile plastered on his face, revealing his perfectly white teeth that seemed to sparkle against his dark skin as he started walking towards me. He held his hand out to me and introduced himself. "I'm Jacob." Okay that explains part of my question, now what are you doing in my house Jacob? I took his hand and shook it. My eyebrows furrowed as I continued to wonder why he was here. I opened my mouth to ask him when he finally answered my unspoken question. "I'm with the moving service." "Moving service?" "You didn't think we were gonna fit everything in my car did you?" Alice said as she appeared at the top of the stairs with my mom on her heels. She had a point. Her car wasn't exactly luggage friendly but how much space would she need. I jerked my head in her direction and gave her a questioning glare before the realization hit me as to why we would need the moving truck. Leave it to Alice to pack an entire boutique complete with shoes and accessories. I just sighed and made my way down the rest of the steps so I could place my bag in the truck. After everything was loaded up I said my final goodbyes to my mother and got in the car to begin my college career. Alice was turning to get on the freeway with the moving truck close behind when I got a text. Beep, beep. Beep , beep. I didn't have to look to know who it was. M: Bella please, I want to talk to you before you leave I paused and thought about ignoring the text again then I figured I should text him back or he would harass me the entire trip. I sucked in a deep breath and willed my fingers to type the message. B: It's too late. I'm already on the road. We're done. I'm getting a fresh start. I pressed send and cranked up the music while my bestfriend and I headed towards our first year of college. So I just want to say thanx for reading the first chapter. What did you think?? Oh and the ringtone is Paramore-Hello Hello