officers….everything was moving in slow motion. Nothing could have survived that car crash. I wondered if the passangers were ok. " A…are they ok?...Did they survive?" I quietly asked one of the police officers that walked by me…but he didn't even glance my way. Everything was cold, the rain was falling down so heavily. I could hear unnie crying infront of me, so I turned my head to her. "…No…" I could see her hand in her mouth, shaking her head. "They didn't…." I took slow stepped towards unnie, trying to see what she was looking at. I looked down at the floor and could see a hand coming out of the passenger seat. The people were getting the body into the bed…carrying her to the ambulance. That's when I saw what the person looked like….it was unnie…I gasped loudly. " W…we…we didn't survive…." Unnie pointed towards another body that was being carried to the ambulance. And I threw up. My body was laying on that bed…my pale…dead body. Something happened then, something began pulling us backwards. There was nothing there when we turned, except darkness. I grabbed Unnies hand and yelled at her. Trying to keep her close to me. "Unnie! Don't let Go!" Unnie held on to my hand tightly, pulling each other together. Hugging tightly. "I wont!" We closed our eyes when it was too much, and we let the thing pull us into the darkness. …" i…cant see anything." Everything was dark, my body felt different…It felt smaller…it felt weaker. I couldn't open my eyes. I turned my head to the side, it was so difficult to turn though. "unnie…W-where are you?" I tried moving my hand around, but it felt as if we were inside water. My movements were slow and heavy. " I'm here…" I felt a hand and grabbed on to it. It felt so natural to hold on to that hand. "Don't let go." Unnie whispered to me, her voice quiet. My eyes were closed, but I could still see a light appear somewhere outside. Something held my feet and pulled, taking me away from Unnie. I sluggishly squirmed around, trying to make the thing let go of me. "No!...let go." I squirmed more and suddenly I was engulfed in light, the place was cold, and I was hanging in the air. I had let go of Unnies hand and I opened my mouth to scream but all that came out was my cries. 'No! Unnie! Let me go!' I opened my eyes slowly, testing if it was ok to open them as I cried. I could only see blurry figures, there were three standing up and one laying down…but they were so tall. They were giants. The voice closest to me spoke in a kind voice. "Oh my…they seem like they'll be the closest of sisters in the world.." There was a quiet laugh. "They didn't let go of each other until I got her out." Another voice spoke up, this time, it was the one carrying me in something warm. It was a woman. Her voice soft, and pretty. "Its ok, sweet girl. Your baby sister will be here soon." I began to cry even louder when I heard Unnie's cry. She was near. ' I'm ok. It's so warm now….' I looked towards where the voice was coming from and stared, even though I could barely see the blurry figures. I could feel myself being carried and then put into to very warm arms. A very soft fabric was rubbing against my cheek and I leaned into it. It felt peaceful. "My two little girls…" A voice coming from the blurry figure who was carrying us spoke, stopping when she chocked on a sob. "I'm so happy you both are here, now." The figure hugged us to her, tightly. Her warmth spreading to us. We could finally see her face. She was beautiful. She had a very pretty tan color, her eyes were almond a beautiful brown chocolatey color, her hair black as the night. She was breathtakingly beautiful. ' What is going on?' Unnie asked me in a quiet voice, the figure looked at unnie, smiling softly. ' I don't know, unnie.' I said, just as quietly. The figures head turning towards me. Smiling widely. "It seems they are speaking to each other." The first figure spoke up, the only male. The lady that had carried me before, stepped towards us and brushed my hair from my forehead. "What will you name them, Crys?" The lady hugging us smiled kindly. She looked at Unnie first, kissing her head. "This shall be Aiyana…" She turned her head towards me, kissing my forehead. "And this…this shall be Iliana." We stared at her, looking into her beautiful eyes, as the other lady spoke up. "What will their last name be, Crystal?" The lady hesitated in asking, almost as if she was afraid of the answer. Crystal, the lady who was hugging us, hugged us tighter, her smile turning into a painful one. "They will have my last name. He didn't want anything to do with them…so they will have my last name." She looked at us, her smile turning back into the loving smile. "Welcome home, Iliana and Aiyana Call." She smiled even brighter. "Welcome to La Push." We smiled at her…or tried anyways. Her smile was contagious. "W…what about….your sister, Crys?...She's having his son…too." Crystals smile left her face, her eyes tearing up. She looked so lost in that moment, as if she had just lost everything in the world. Crystal was trying so hard to be strong, we could tell, so we did what we could. We smiled at her and she hugged us to her face. Crying silent tears. "W-well…that just means…that…they'll have a baby cousin then." Her chest was shaking and we could feel the tears running down her face. Just what was going on?...Where are we? What do you think? Should I continue? Please review ^_^