my high school love, aka Mia's father, aka the man my parents wanted me to marry. "No not recently. He called a couple months ago to talk to Mia. We haven't really spoken since the great schism between our families and we were almost forced to marry." "He should visit more, or at least call. It's not right that Mia has to grow up without knowing her father," Cassie muttered incensed. She had never been particularly fond of Mia's father… I just keep referring to him as that. It's like I don't even utter his name anymore, he's just Mia's father to me, or not even that because a father would help you raise your child not run away. Not that I blame him for running away, or at least I don't blame him anymore, I understand now. We were just kids when Mia was born, not even seventeen years old. I would have run away if I could, but I didn't have the willpower to leave Mia. I couldn't leave Mia. The day she was born she became the center of my world and there was no chance in hell I would just leave. Alec was lucky in a way he got away, I didn't. He got to have a future and I, as my mother often put it, had mine destroyed. No I don't blame him the slightest because I don't regret what had happened in the past. Without Mia I would be as unhappy as I was living with my parents, she was my way out of that life, out of that world and I wouldn't change one single thing. "He tries," I sighed. Cassie stared at me incuriously. "How can you just stand there and defend him?" "Simple, I don't hold on to regrets. The things that happened have led me to where I am now," I paused looking around the kitchen, "I wouldn't be standing in the kitchen of my new house with my best friend who I'm going to be working with starting tomorrow. My life is pretty great right now, why would I want to change it?" She sighed, "Whatever happened to my fiery, rebellious best friend who got into fist fights? I miss her. She wouldn't be so forgiving. That girl would have gotten in the car and drove to wherever that good-for-nothing lump on a log was, kick his ass and order him to see his kid." I laughed, "You can't force someone to be a parent, they either are or they aren't. Besides that girl that you knew, she had a kid. That changes a person. I've had to put away my boxing gloves and face reality." "I still say you should kick his ass," Cassie grumbled making me laugh. She really hated him. "I don't think that would be a gratifying as you kicking his ass," laughed, "Admit it we both know that that's the real issue here. You want to beat him up more than I do." "So you do want to beat him up," Cassie exclaimed happily. "I didn't say that—" "But you implied it," she reasoned. I wasn't having this conversation anymore. "I'm going to order pizza," I stated grabbing my cell phone and walking out of the room. "You're only leaving the room because you know I'm right and you can't argue," she called out. "I can't hear you I'm in the other room," I called back theatrically. "I know you can hear me. You just don't want to admit that I'm right," Cassie's voice retorted from the kitchen. "Do you want cheese or pepperoni?" I asked ignoring the matter at hand. Cassie tended to be very stubborn when it came to things like this. I often just chose to ignore her. "You're avoiding the subject," she pointed out. I held the phone to my ear after dialing the number. It only took about two rings before someone answered. Cassie was still was saying something about how I hated to lose and that's why I wouldn't say she was right. "Cassie I'm on the phone put a moratorium on you rant for a second," I hissed. The poor guy on the other end of the conversation waited patiently for me to continue. "Hi, do you guys do delivery?" "Yes." "Great. So I need a medium cheese pizza, a medium pepperoni, and a box of those breadstick things with the cheese," I said looking through my purse for my credit card. "Is that all?" "Yes," I answered before I gave my address and card number. I hung up the phone seconds later looking at Cassie who was standing in the arch way of the living room. "Okay the pizzas ordered you can continue with your rant," I told her. "I don't see the point. Clearly I can't talk any sense into you," she commented rolling her eyes, "I guess there's no use in wasting my breath when you're going to defend that man to your grave." I shook my head, "I'm not defending him; I just understand why he did what he did. He's still an ass." Cassie laughed at the last part of what I had said. "At least we agree on that. I'm going to go help Mia with that box," she left the room after that was said leaving me alone with my thoughts. I looked around at the living room again a small smile coming to my face. Things were going to be different here I could feel it. I wouldn't have to be afraid of being alone. I had Cassie and Mia. They were all that I needed and tomorrow I would start my job as executive manager at an Inn where my best friend was head chef. Everything was good, I'm happy. Yet a tiny part of me still feels like something is missing. Author's Note: This fic takes place about 6 to seven years after the last book. I love reviews so if you like this chapter please review.