lily's petals quickly bled into a bright gold color again and the life seemed to pour back into it, the stem rose and the petals flew out into a majestic stance of a newly born flower. "There we go. Told you that you had it," I said to myself and put the pot near the window waiting for the next day, hoping there would be some sun for my plant to get some light. With the silence completely taking over my apartment again, I stared at my hands in thought. I was the only one who knew of what I could do. I never understood what the extant of my "gift" could do, but I understood well enough that it seemed to reverse the effects of death or damage. This gift could have come in handy when… no, don't go there. A shiver went down my spine at the thought of it hurting someone. Luckily, I only have ever seen it heal things like plants and small cuts on my skin but never hurt anyone or myself. I don't know where I could have gotten it from but it became prominent when I had just became a teen all those years ago. I was lucky that my job required me to wear gloves at all times; I figured so far that touch is the only way for my "superpower" to really effect anything, whether it be good or bad. With a small yawn and stretch, I walked back into my room and laid down for the night. Sleep came easy but it was always the dreams that woke me in pure fright. Ever since I hit twenty, they came to me; haunting me for nearly five years. Recently though, I have been having the same reoccurring dream in comparison to the others. My chest felt heavy and I could feel my breath grow in rhythm and deepness. Sweat gathered on my brow as the images began to flash in my head; they had been overtaking every oncoming dream I had more and more. It was always of three tall men sitting in these large ebony and gold throne like chairs in an elegant marble room. Two of the men had dark hair, one had long brunette hair with a bored and saddened aura and the other had long raven colored lock that laid on the top of his chest with a constant smile and gleam in his eye, the last held an ever present furious aura and had a head of white blonde hair. They were all unique but I could never picture their faces just some simple characteristics and feelings of how their personalities were judged on… what they did in my dreams. One thing that was a constant… the blood red eyes that flashed in my head, though they were filmed over and appeared to be a deep pink in in the darkness, they were no doubt the color of fresh spilled blood and they always stared at me. Not with hate but with hunger. I have never felt the emotion that seemed to come with those eyes, so it always took me by surprise and fright. Now I may not be a medical doctor, but red eyes were not a normal thing in the world… so imagine how I feel when I keep dreaming of these men with the cold skin, red eyes, and the constant flashes of a lettered symbol. I could never really see it fully but it was always present with these men, around their necks. I grew frustrated that I could never see it but I knew it held importance. It was some type of letter, possibly. My dreams on a general basis were usually the same. Almost the same. *With Avalon's Dream* I could see the men sitting in their thrones as my dream always depicted them to be. The middle man folded his long, elegant fingers together and rested them under his chin; a smile ever so present. But it wasn't one for a present conversation, it held hidden malice and mischief. Almost sadistic. Another flash came and the men flew from their thrones and screams echoed throughout the room and hallways. Bodies fell to the floor as they and some others in black coats and uniforms dropped them with a sigh of contempt. The bodies were of people I had never met or heard of but their necks were torn open but no blood came out. All of them were dead. My brows scrunched in confusion. Now, don't get me wrong. What I was dreaming about was horrendously wrong but I was surrounded by death all the time in real life, comes with the job. But I didn't feel any different when I know I should have felt horrified at the vagrant disregard for human life. I frowned when I noticed this time, they didn't sit. They kept standing and looked up. I gasped when I noticed they were looking at me. I glanced around the room and found the others in the black uniforms were standing behind me, blocking the humongous double doors. I looked back and tripped onto my ass. They were suddenly in my face, their eyes ever present but completely black, the color of void. "Come to me, come to us." My eyes widened as I heard the deceptively deep voice of the raven haired man. It was that of warm honey caressing all over my skin. His smile grew and I screamed when they lunged at me. *End of Avalon's Dream* I sprung up from my bed, screaming and shaking. I hugged myself, trying to stop the quaking of my limps. Sweat made my hair cling to my face and my breath was heavy. Tears rose in my eyes. This was new. Never before have I heard any of them talk. AN: Welp! That's the end of that intro chapter! Let me know how you all are liking where I am going with this! Tata!