it an adventure." Phil glanced over at her, a large grin appearing on his face. He may have never said it verbally but he clearly favored Jacqueline. 'Birds of a feather', he'd once said. "You may have a point there." He admitted, motioning with his head towards the car in silent question. Jacqueline nodded, approaching Phil's side as they walked together to the old station wagon. "You'll look after Renee, right?" Jacqueline asked softly from her place against the car, eyes following a bird as it flew to a tree. Phil glanced over at her, pausing with one final suitcase in hand. "You know I will. Always. Jacqueline nodded with a pleased expression, smoke escaping her parted lips. It was silent between the two for a few moments. "I'll miss you, ya know." Phil started, Jacqueline's eyes sliding over to him from their place on an approaching Bella and Renee. "You're a good kid." Jacqueline's lips upturned slightly into a smirk. "No, I'm not." A similar smirk appeared on Phil's face with a light chuckle. "No... you aren't." The two laughed together for a few moments before meeting together in a hug. "I'll miss you, big guy. Take care of my mom, okay?" She felt Phil nod against her head. "I promise." The pair pulled apart when Bella wandered over with a conflicted expression on her face. If this was another universe, Jacqueline might've felt concern and would've asked her about what's on her mind. But, as that isn't the case... Jacqueline lightly tapped her cigarette against the car, ash falling off. She then moved over to her mother, inherently switching places with Bella. Renee smiled as she approached, opening her arms for a hug. Jacqueline grinned, barely hesitating to accept it. "Look after your sister, will you?" Renee asked softly, brushing her fingers through Jacqueline's hair. The young girl tensed, eyes snapping open as she stared at the house behind her. She bit her tongue and could taste metal in her mouth. "Mhmm." " Promise me , Jacqueline." The taste of metal turned to ash. Despite everything about Jacqueline coming across as uncaring and even mental... if there was one thing Jacqueline always held close to her heart... it was her honor. She'd sworn to herself to never break a promise. Anything else was free game. She would lie, cheat, and steal... pretty much whatever she wanted. She was a strong believer in living like every day was your last. Of course, with self preservation in mind because... well... she was reckless... not a martyr. But, she did want just one thing that she could fall back on always. One good thing about her that would always be that... a good thing. And usually it was... … Except for moments like these when her honor gets her into these kind of situations. Pulling away from her mother whilst maintaining a mask of apathy, she gave a somewhat empty smile. " I promise." The next few minutes were a blur of movement. There was maybe a group hug at some point. But, Jacqueline's mind was already gone, her thoughts drifting towards her real father. Charlie. She just wanted to see him... to see how he was doing and make his life hopefully a little better. He always seemed just... so genuinely happy to see them both. She found herself idly wondering if he found himself a girl. He deserved it. "Jacqueline?" Said girl moved her glazed eyes to her sister who stared back at her with a sort of hollowness. "Didn't you have a cigarette?" Her words seemed almost accusing at the last word and Jacqueline could nearly taste the judgment radiating off of her. It was thick on her tongue and sour in taste. But, she did raise a point. Blue eyes scanning outside, they stopped when they saw something. Squinting, Jacqueline was just able to make out the form of her nearly gone cigarette in the desert. Oh, right... the bombshell Renee chose to drop on me now. Speaking of which... Jacqueline glanced to her right at her twin who had already put in her earbuds and was staring out the window moodily. I have to look after Bella. Translation? Keep her alive. Easy enough. She then immediately thought to her sister tripping and falling flat on her face. She found herself imagining her sister falling again on the slippery sidewalks of Forks. Down she goes and then... Crack! Head meets a rock and goodbye Bella. Jacqueline's left eye twitched a little behind her shades, an inaudible sigh escaping her. Okay... this might be harder than I originally anticipated. Tasting ash on her tongue, Jacqueline turned her gaze to the window as the station wagon began to drive away. Her eyes flickered to Phil and Renee before moving over to the house that was quickly disappearing. She felt an odd feeling in her chest that she couldn't quite place. Your eyes are hollow, Your heart is shallow, And your word mean nothing to me. A lifetime of lies, All the schemes you devise, Will eventually lead to your demise. Hell is waiting for you. |-/ There we go! The first chapter to the story. I am so curious as to what you think. If you're interested in seeing more then let me know. I left it almost open-ended, I feel. But, that's the feel I want to give this story. There will be quite a few times in a chapter where Jacqueline will get lost in her thoughts and she'll give these very interesting and detailed monologues about life or about herself. And she is also obsessed with poetry so that'll be a big part of this and, uh... I hope you like it! Regardless, I did what I promised I would do so I'm not bound anymore. But, I actually had a lot of fun writing this so... if you'd be interested in me continuing this... I wouldn't mind!~ Anyway, have a good day/afternoon/night and all that!~