Bella's face. The words 'Dog' and 'Leech' were said. Evie didn't understand why they would call each other by those names. Bella was pushed behind Edward, but the look on her face changed from worried to angry. She tried to move away from Edward but he kept her firmly behind him. Evie looked down to see Seth's arm wrapped around her waist. "Let's wait here," Seth muttered as he pulled her back towards the truck. She was slightly behind him. She watched Seth move his head as he watched Jacob and Edward. But the way he moved, it looked more like Seth was following the conversation and reacting the same way as Embry. But there was no way Seth could hear them. She couldn't even hear them. Charlie's patrol cruiser pulled up the driveway. Jacob and Edward were in each other's face but of course Jacob towered over Edward. They didn't seem to notice Charlie walking up to them or at this point didn't care. He walked up to the boys and separated them. Embry was behind Jacob while Bella moved closer to her dad. Bella noticed a look of hurt cross Edwards face but it was quickly gone. "It seems like you boys can't play nice unless there's a referee," Charlie stated as he looked from Jacob to Edward. "Well what's the problem now?" he asked in an exasperated tone. Seth allowed Evie to move them closer to the small group. "It seems Eddie Boy here," Jacob said with a smirk, "is upset that Bella is spending the whole day in La Push." His arms were crossed over his chest. Evie couldn't help but note that Jacob emphasized the word 'whole' or the fact that he had a taunting look in his eyes. She covered her mouth to keep from laughing at Edward's reaction. He may seem cool and collective but Jacob knew what buttons to push. Charlie sighed. "Look Edward, I know you had plans with Bells here," he said. Not that he cared if they were ruined. Anytime Bella is away from Edward, was a great day for him. "Dad," Bella started to say but Charlie held up his hands. "I know Bells, I know," he sighed again. "But Billy and Emily felt bad that they missed your graduation party and wanted to do something nice for you. Now we are all going to La Push," he said looking at Bella. "You two can spend tomorrow together." He looked at Edward. "Hello everyone," a song like voice floated behind Evie. "Alice, I told you to wait in the car," Edward politely said. He knew she was just as upset that Bella would be surrounded by the wolves with no one to protect her from Jacob's advances. "I know but I wanted to say Hi to Charlie," Alice answered. She faced Charlie. "How are you?" Her smile was perfect. Alice's pixie face and short black spikey hair suited her, Evie thought, but like her brother, there was something a bit off with her. Evie got the same coldness from Alice. She noticed the same butter scotch eyes and pale skin. Evie knew that once she figured out what was wrong, it would be bad. "Hello Alice. I'm good, just heading to La Push," Charlie responded with a smile. Alice gave Charlie a bright dazzling smile. "Oh, I thought Bella was coming over to our house today," she replied. She tapped her finger against her chin. "Maybe Bella could come over for a few hours and then head to La Push later this afternoon." They could always tell Charlie that Bella was too sick to go to La Push. She gave Charlie a big smile. Jacob gave Alice a dirty look. Edward tried not to smile as he read Alice's mind. He could also read what Charlie was thinking. The tension was practically crackling in the air. Embry was still next to Jacob but Bella somehow ended up between Jacob and Edward. "Not to be a kill joy or anything, but I really don't know that many people in La Push," Evie interjected. She wasn't shy about meeting new people but there was an annoying vibe she was getting from Alice. "Hey," Seth grumbled in a hurt tone. He looked at Evie and pouted. "Sorry Seth," Evie whispered. She patted his cheek and smiled. "But the ones I do know, I would like to see." As much as she hated going by first impression, she would make an exception in Alice's case. Alice turned and faced Evie for the first time. "I'm sorry, how rude of me. I'm Alice Cullen, Edwards's sister." Her smile was bright. "You are more than welcome to come over too." "That sounds like a great idea," Charlie exclaimed. Alice and Edward smiled. "But it will have to wait until tomorrow." He clapped his hands a bit surprised that he didn't cave in to Alice's request. Maybe he was wrong but he felt like his days with Bella were numbered. Edward kept the shocked looked off his face. He could have sworn Charlie was about to agree with Alice. He could see the smug look on Jacob's face which infuriated him. But he knew how to control his emotions. "It was nice seeing you Alice. Edward," Charlie said with a tilt of his head. "That sounds great Charlie," Alice replied with a smile. Something was off, she could have sworn her vision of Bella spending time with her and Edward was certain. "We should probably leave" she said looking at Edward. "We can see Bella tomorrow," she turned and faced Evie, "of course you are more than welcome to join us." She eyed Evie with critical look. Could she be the reason for the sudden change in Charlie's decision? The smile on Alice's face scared Evie a little. But there was no way she was going to let her know that. "That sounds great," Evie replied with a big smile. "I look forward to it."