fell in sync with the fast beat. Soon, guests were drawn away from their various conversations, to the veranda to watch the young pair. Many smiles and knowing looks played on the faces of the spectators-especially on the faces of Edward and Carlisle. "You never told me you knew Latin dance!" Jacob beamed. "Neither did you, Ness." She giggled, tossing her hair over her shoulder as Jacob twirled her around. "Well I'm just full of surprises; there's a lot you don't know about me, Jacob Black." "So when do I get to start finding out, Miss?" He wiggled his eyebrows at her and she gasped in mock surprise. "Why Jacob Black-I never knew you were that adventurous." He gawked at her, his eyes wide in stunned surprise. "-You did not just-" "Oh yes, I SO did." And her voice erupted in bell-like laughter. Jacob burst out laughing at her boldness and quick wit as the song ended and transitioned into a slower-tempo song. Just then, He picked Renesmee off her feet and swung her around in the air, his arm tight around her waist. She smiled and he felt an overwhelming warmth spread through his body. They slow danced now, Renesmee's head rested lightly on his shoulder and his chin rested in the crook of her shoulder and neck. "Where have you been?" She whispered at length, her voice soft and sweet. "Up North mostly-Alaska. And then Latin America and Canada." "Why were you gone so long?" "Ness-we have a lot of allies now and checking in on them shows our loyalty and friendship-and not only that but it's a way for us to see if any of them have any information on the movements of the Volturi or outsiders." "Two years?" "Maintaining alliances is time-consuming, Ness-we don't want to seem in a hurry or else they'll take it as disinterest-we'll appear as only doing the barest minimum." Just then the door opened and Alice poked her head out. "Renesmee! It's time for you to sing, remember? Five minutes and you're up!" And with that, she disappeared back inside. # # # # "I would like to dedicate this song first to my grandpa and grandma Carlisle and Esme-and then to my parents, Edward and Isabella; I Love you all dearly." Sweet Love, sweet love Trapped in your love I've opened up, unsure I can trust My heart and I were buried in dust Free me, free us You're all I need When I'm holding you tight If you walk away I will suffer tonight Jacob stood near the stairway as Renesmee sang and he was spell-bound by the entrancing richness and mournful tone of her voice-she sung with such passion and when her eyes connected with his, he felt as if he was imprinting all over again. I found a man I can trust And Boy, I believe in us I am terrified To love for the first time Can you see that I'm bound in chains I finally found my way I am bound to you I am bound to Suddenly the moment's here I embrace my fears All that I have been carrying all these years Do I risk it all Come this far just to fall? # # # # Renesmee had finished her song and after many of her friends congratulated her on her performance, she moved to stand near Jacob who hadn't moved from his spot near the stairs. "Renesmee that was-unbelievable! You're voice is stunning and-out of this world you're-I don't know you're something else." She only laughed a little nervously, tossing her hair over her shoulder. "I guess it's just an inherited trait….Alice has the singing voice. Although hers is a bit more-polished than mine." "I like yours better-I mean Alice is great and all but I've never been too big a fan of the operatic style in voice or music." "Jake?" He turned his head and looked at her. "Really. Why did you have to be-gone so long? It's like-I mean for a while there, I started to think I'd done something to send you away or that made you-made you want to leave that-maybe all that time I'd kept you close and you just finally got to the point where-" He placed a finger over her lips. "Ness-please don't ever think things like that again. They're not true at all! You're everything to me, ok? I was there when you were born and I- Just don't ever feel that way because none of the time I spent with your family and you, do I regret. Those moments are some of the best times of my life." He smiled brightly at her then and her cheeks flushed a rosy pink. "Even though aunt Rosalie still hates you?" He snorted, shaking his head and laughing. "Well Blondie's never been fond of me, there's nothing at all new about that-it doesn't bother me because I could care less how she feels-what's important to me is that you know that I want the best for you and that I-care about you a lot." "I know you do." Her hand slid up his chest until it rested against the side of his face-once again, he saw her memories but these were the earliest she'd had of him. When the image of him imprinting on her through her eyes, flashed through his head he somewhat gasped slightly, almost reliving the moment. "I'm sorry, did I hurt you?" "No. No Ness that's just my favorite memory of you-and it's my first too." She beamed at him and her eyes sparkled as she took his warm hand in hers. "Com'on. There's cake! Just promise me you won't eat it all-there are other guests." He threw his head back, laughing aloud. "Ok I'll try my hardest not to but you know if its red velvet then I'm gonna have a really hard time." He winked at her as she rolled her eyes. "As a matter of fact, it is.