too close? Who are you talking about?" "He's too close to her. She's uncomfortable, anyone can tell and he's not backing off he's…" Just then his sentence was interrupted by a low vicious snarl that escaped his lips. Jacob was bending close to Bella, whispering something to her. Her eyes turned in expression; her body language spoke volumes that she felt uncomfortable. Just then, Jacob reached for her hand but she edged it away, trying to change the subject and distract his attention away from her. That was it. Paul snapped. He snarled louder and his teeth snapped together like he was preparing to take his prey by the throat and snap their neck. Just then, Sam saw Paul's eyes. They were deadly focused, intense and trained on something at the opposite end of the kitchen. Sam followed Paul's gaze to where it rested on Bella. He instantly understood and sprung into action. "Jacob! Step away from Bella, now." The room fell deadly silent; all chatter ceased as all eyes turned to Sam. "Sam, what is it?" Emily's sweet voice sounded just above a whisper. She looked from Sam's stern gaze to Paul's face. There was plain rage written in every line and his stance was offensive, ready to fight. She then saw his eyes trained intently on Bella and she knew. "Jacob, get away from Bella, quickly." Jacob looked up. He was bewildered to discover all eyes on him. "What's going on?" his voice was hesitant, confused. "Jacob. Get away from Bella, right now!" Quil looked up an in just a few second, he sized up the situation. Being one of the first to imprint, he knew instantly what had happened and one look at Paul's face, he knew exactly what he was feeling. "Man, seriously, get away from Bella…you're pissing Paul off." It was then that Jacob's eyes drifted to Paul who stood just opposite him. Something clicked in his head. No…he couldn't have! Then a loud snarl erupted from Paul's throat. "What…what's going on? Bella stammered. She looked about the room at all the faces. They were intense, concerned and apprehensive. She locked eyes with Emily and she saw pure fear in the other woman's gaze. Suddenly, her eyes wondered from Emily's face, to Sam's and then… to Paul's eyes. And boom. Everything changed. Bella barely knew what was happening. The world around her faded into a blur and all she could see was Paul Lahote's deep green eyes, trained on her. As their gazes met, his eyes softened and held hers. Her heart suddenly lurched forward and she felt her entire being; her heart, mind, body and soul connect to him. It was the most powerful, breath-taking experience of her life. She gasped again as she felt the powerful force pulling her to him and without her conscious command, her feet moved her forward, wordlessly towards him. Her eyes never left his, though he cheeks flushed deep red under the intensity of his gaze. His eyes burned like embers of coal but not in a terrifying way, not with anger. They burned with desire, lust, passion and devotion and… love? It couldn't be possible. Bella had now reached the center of the room. Her eyes never Left his and his heart sped up and his body ached as she moved closer and closer. But alas, he couldn't wait, in one swift movement, he closed the distance between them and Bella was in his arms. Jacob watched in astonishment. This couldn't be happening. Not Bella. Not his Bella. He had nearly lost her to the leech and within the last 8 months, he'd gotten her back only to have her ripped away once again; He'd lost her and to the last man on this earth he'd ever expected, Paul Lahote. "This can't be right, there's some kind of mistake…" His voice found him, his tone was confused, etched with desperation and he moved towards Paul, his hand outstretched in objection. Paul saw his advance, and a guttural growl emerged from him as his arms tightened around Bella, burying his face in her neck, he bared his teeth as a warning to Jacob. "Mine." He hissed possessively through clenched teeth. "Jacob. Don't go near her; she's Paul's imprint now; forcing your involvement will only make things worse…and you know how Paul can be; now that he has Bella it will be ten times worse than before, just leave it be." Jacob looked from Paul, to Bella, and back to Sam. He stood back, his face resigned. "Well! Let's give these two some privacy; I'm sure they have much to discuss." Emily's voice was bright and lightened the tense mood. Everyone else relaxed and followed as Sam ushered everyone out of the room. Jacob paused at the doorway and glanced back. He felt lost, defeated, and resentful of this curse of imprinting the legends had thrust upon. He hated it with a fierce passion. But there was nothing he could do; Paul had imprinted…on his Bella. And now, she was and would forever be Paul's Bella. There was nothing he could do; no matter how hard he fought against it, the reality that he and Bella were just never meant to be, began to set in with a crippling force. But it was a lost fight…it was lost the moment Paul laid eyes on Bella and he had to somehow step aside, and let it go. Sighing heavily, he joined the others out on the lawn. Leah came up to him; she knew what he was going through and without even thinking, Leah did something completely uncharacteristic of her and gave Jacob a hug. "I know what it's like, Jake…trust me." Surprise by her sudden display of compassion, Jacob looked at her, dazed. Then seeing the look of genuine sympathy in her eyes, he just nodded numbly and gave her the best grateful smile he could muster…it was a horrible failure but Leah seemed to understand and smiled back.