connection to Bella. For the same reason, you can't use the landline of the pub either. Try the pay phone around the corner." " Wow, Jess! When did you get so smart?" Siobhan teases. " That reminds me," Jess continues, ignoring the ribbing. "Boss, I saw you coming out of the booth last week. Who were you calling when you have a desk phone and a mobile in your pocket?" Jessica wriggled her eyebrows at Liam. " Leave my poor man alone, girls. You're yet to learn how to add spice to the age-old recipe." Siobhan winks at the girls, while her husband of thirty-one years flushes a little. " Ewwww!" They cry in unison. " Thank you very much, but I don't need the details of how you two smoothen out your kinks." Bella shudders, while Jess makes a face. That is how Bella has ended up inside this tiny red kiosk around the corner of Bronko's. Irritated, frustrated, livid… would be some of the appropriate words to describe her current state of mind. Her first two attempts of trying to reach Mike have already gone horribly wrong. One was a cranky old lady who began lecturing her about the dangers of calling strangers, and the other was the owner of a pet store, offering her a huge discount on dog food. Her resolve has started to weaken, and now, she doubts whether the phone number is actually Mike's. She is already on the brink of throwing the coaster away and accepting her loss. Banging her forehead one more time against the glass, she picks up the receiver, convincing herself that the third time's a charm. Bella takes a few deep breaths and starts dialling the numbers, her brows furrowed in concentration. She goes for 69 at the end this time, and a tiny smile comes to her lips when she remembers Jessica's comment. Jessica doesn't know how accurate she was in her assumption. Sex with Mike has been very religious … he was the most devoted missionary man Bella has known. The phone rings for a few times and then someone picks up. "Hello," a deep voice greets. "Hi! I'm looking for Mike Newton?" Bella replies in an unsure voice. Something about the deep, throaty voice on the other end makes her nervous. "Are you asking for him or asking if it's him?" "Um… both, I guess." "You guess! Well, I don't have the time or wish to play Guess Who with you, Miss. How did you get my number by the way? Or was that a random guess too?" the man on the other side barks. Gathering every ounce of her almost non-existent patience, Bella tries to answer the rude man politely. "Look, I am sorry, but I need to find Mike Newton. He needs to fix the shit he pulled last night and return my stuff. I can't find his phone number. Well, I have part of it, but not the whole thing. I mean, the freaking coaster got wet and the ink was wiped out, so I'm trying blindly here, and I really, really need to find Mike. Also, you don't need to be rude because I don't have the leftover cents to put up with one more asshole! So…" Bella suddenly realizes that her angry rambling is not making any sense. A little mortified, she stops at the same time the person on the other side of the phone speaks. "Wait! What coaster? What are you talking about?" Taking a few deep breaths Bella starts again. "See, Mr..." "Cullen. It's Edward Cullen. And who am I talking to?" He sounds impatient. Against her better judgment, Bella starts again, a little slowly this time. "Mr. Cullen, hello! I'm Isabella Swan, and I'm looking for a man called Mike Newton. All I have his phone number without the last two digits. The bar coaster he wrote it on, gets wet frequently with condensation from the glasses, so I'm trying out my best guesses here. You do understand the situation must be serious for me to act like a desperate telemarketing agent, right? I'm sorry I wasted your time, though." "Which bar?" Edward Cullen asks with a strange calmness in his voice that wasn't there moments ago. "I'm sorry?" Bella returns, confused. "You said you have the number written on a bar coaster. Which bar we are talking about here?" "It's Bronko's Pub." "Bronko's. Hmmm... and you are Isabella?" he enquires. "Ah, yes. Do you know anything about this Mike Newton I'm looking for? By any chance?" She is grasping at non-existent straws now. "Nothing more than the fact that his phone number matches 80% to mine, and I'm the one with the 69." He chuckles. Edward Cullen's tone suddenly becomes a little playful. Instead of feeling wary about this strange man, Bella finds herself smiling. A pregnant pause follows the moment, then he clears his throat, and she comes out of the light bubble of the last few seconds. "All right then, Mr. Cullen. I'm sorry again for this intrusion. Because you are certainly not the person I need. Have a good day, sir," she says, the corner of her mouth still a little stretched. "Well, I may not be the person you need, Isabella Swan, but don't waste your time chasing a lost game." With that, he abruptly hangs up. "What the fuck!" Bella stares at the receiver in her hand, confused and getting more agitated with every passing second. The relative calm of the last few moments evaporates as the harshness of his parting words rings in her ears. Flinging the coaster to the corner with an angry flick of her wrist, she slams the receiver on the cradle and storms out of the little red booth. In her anger-clouded state, she doesn't notice that the receiver bounces off the hook and continues to hang limply as the door snaps closed behind her. * The plan is to post weekly. Thank you for reading.