cute depression. I heard him say so when I was in my own bedroom yesterday. There was nothing cute about her depression to me. Not all all. Mama had been nice and plump for as long as I could remember. Now she was becoming skinnier. She hasn't really been eating; a lot of foods made her stomach ache. Her face almost looked as pale as the moon did too. I watched her as she was in her bedroom sometimes. I didn't let her know that I was; it would probably make her upset. Carlisle would find me there and ask me to do something else. "She is going through a very difficult time right now. Please try not to bother her," he said on Tuesday. "Fine. But I wasn't bothering her. She doesn't even know that I'm here," I muttered in irritation. He narrowed his eyes at me. "Don't ever use that tone with me, Jacob Carlisle. Do you understand me?" I felt surprised and nervous because he didn't call me by my full name that much. "Yes, sir. I apologize." After that, I went downstairs to put on my coat and hat. Then I sat outside in the yard for a bit. Maybe I was depressed too. It seemed like forever since I had been truly happy. Once New Year's Day had passed, everything changed. For one thing, I had began to think of Edward more than ever. I kept remembering the times that I had seen or heard him beating up or...or raping Mama. I couldn't stop imagining his friends doing the same thing either. I had horrible dreams about it almost every night. There were even nightmares in which Edward beat her until he...Forget it. I didn't want to think about it. I still couldn't believe that they had kidnapped her, or that they hurt her repeatedly for two months. Why would anybody want to do that to Mama? Mama ! She never deserved it; I knew this for a fact. Mama was kind to everyone, and she was very loving. She was caring, smart, and fun too. Edward had no right to take her away from Carlisle just because he wished that she was his soul mate. I hated him for that! I hated him for letting his friends join him in torturing Mama too. They were nothing but cruel, selfish animals! Why didn't he just leave her alone? Why did they have to choose to hurt her? I hoped that they were suffering in hell. I hoped that their punishments included the things that they had done to Mama. They deserved it for all eternity! I bet they wouldn't like the tables being turned on them ! Carlisle gave me therapy sessions once or twice a week. I tried to tell him these things during our time together, and about how upset it made me, but I couldn't. I would get a lump in my throat every time I did. Not because I was about to cry, but because I was angry. The lump feel like it was choking me, so I wasn't able to speak. "JC, you know that you will have to start talking eventually. I would appreciate it if you did," he told me in my last session. "Yes, sweetheart. Please tell us about what's on your mind," Mama added. But I couldn't. I just sat there until they gave up. I heard that Aunt Tanya wasn't doing so good either. I believed it, but since she had moved, I didn't see her or my other aunts and Uncle Eleazar that often. Truthfully, none of us were happy anymore. My entire family was worried and miserable. Everyone seemed to be crying and whining and bickering over this and that. Our friends were even concerned for us. Jacob was upset about not being with Mama when she had gone to Seattle before she had been kidnapped by Edward. Leah worried herself crazy over us. Her brother Seth and their mother, Miss Sue, were just as concerned. The rest of the wolf pack and Mr. Billy were too. Speaking of Leah, she, Mama, and Jacob had finally explained what they meant by me being her imprint. They told me that I was her soul mate. But, since I was only a child, Leah would be more like my sister and best friend for now. She was always going to be my protector, and I would be hers. This made everything clear. I understood why Leah and I had been close from the second that we met each other. I didn't have a problem with any of it. Leah was always nice to me. We had lots of fun together. We gave each other cards and simple presents. She did whatever she could to make things better for me. I did the same for her. I hadn't been able to tell her about how I was feeling deep down inside yet, but I think that she knew it already. She would comfort me by holding me if I was in one of my quiet moods. I wished that I could tell her how much it meant to me. I wished that I could tell Mama and Carlisle same thing when they comforted me after one of my nightmares. Perhaps I will one day. Sighing tiredly, I came back to earth. I washed the tray that Mama had used before going to the dining room. Carlisle was waiting for me. "You did an excellent job, son. Please sit down...we have to do your History and French lessons. After that, we will be done," he said. "Okay. That sounds good," I mumbled. He frowned in worry. "Is everything all right, JC?" "Yeah." "Are you sure?" I nodded. He stared at me for a long minute. "Very well, then. Let's begin with your History..." (A/N: PLEASE REVIEW/LEAVE A COMMENT! I hope that you liked this first chapter. Things will pick up in the next chapter. Please stay tuned!)