watering. "Stop trying to distract me and get on with it!" I said, still laughing and choking at the same time. He laughed at my current state, releasing me from his grip. "Ok, fine. I was just thinking about… you. In, like, a romantic way. Just, being with you like that. Not anything bad really, just kissing you and holding your hand and things like that." His cheeks were red and he refused to meet my gaze, but my heart was still hammering. He let out a short laugh. "Um, Edward didn't like that." I beamed at him, immediately wrapping my arms around him in a hug. My heart felt like it was going to burst. "Jake, that's one of the sweetest things you've said to me." My hands found his hair and I ran my fingers through it, smiling again as he pulled me into his lap. My heart was racing, and I wasn't sure if he had actually just confessed his feelings for me or not. But he was smiling, so I took that as a good sign. I also decided to take the initiative by kissing him on the cheek, my lips lingering a few seconds longer than they needed to. "I'm lucky Edward hasn't read my thoughts," I said, my voice coming out in a breathy whisper. Jacob's brow arched and he smirked at me, making me immediately regret saying what I'd said. "Now, what's that supposed to mean?" I cringed at the question, although I knew it had been coming. Jacob leaned into me, making it close to impossible to form any type of coherent sentence. He breathed on my neck and I instinctively pressed against him, gripping his t-shirt in my hands until my fingers turned white. "Jake," I breathed, trying to talk slowly so I wouldn't stutter. "I think we both know I've thought about having sex with you." His body tensed beneath me, and I swore his heart sped up. He let out a low moan, and I pressed my lips to his neck in an effort to satisfy my own growing needs. And no, I'm not talking about sucking blood. "Fuck, Ness. Really?" His voice was low and his breathing was ragged, and his hands had found my upper leg under my dress. I nodded against him, trying to give him my sweetest possible smile. "And not just sex," I added, feeling him up under his shirt. "But… romantic stuff, too. Holding hands and… kissing. Yeah, lots of kissing." I straddled his waist then, pushing him back against the seat. He was hard underneath me, and I ran my hands up and down his bare chest. "Do you… do you want that? To kiss, I mean?" He sounded so sweet when he asked. He literally had a straining erection, but he was asking me if I wanted to kiss him. I smiled and cupped his face in my hands, enjoying his gentle touch as his hands trailed up and down my back. "Yes, Jake." It came out as a whisper, and he responded immediately, pulling me even closer to him and placing his hands on my hips. "I love you Nessie. I love you more than anything," he whispered, his lips barely brushing against mine. "Jake, I love you too. So, so much." He moaned against my lips, making my whole body shudder. He wrapped one arm around my waist to keep me hoisted on top of him, but the other her used to run his hand all over my body. I bit my lip, trying and failing to stifle a moan of my own. He kissed my chest first, on the skin exposed by my dress. I closed my eyes, my body completely relaxing against him. Chills ran up and down my spine as his mouth moved along my collarbone, his soft lips leaving a trail of warmth behind. When he got to my neck, I had to grip his shirt again to contain myself. He felt so good. I had ached for him for so long that his skin against mine was absolute perfection. I waited as his lips continued to trail upwards, finally reaching my cheeks. He moved agonizingly slowly, but I enjoyed every second we spent like this. He kissed the very edge of my mouth and then pulled back, his lips hovering over mine. He moved his arms on either side of me, gripping the fabric on the seats. " I'm in love with you," he breathed, his whole body shaking. I wanted him to know how much I loved him back. I wanted to show him. " I'm in love with you, too ." I smiled, my lips just barely brushing against his. He cupped my face in his hands and kissed me. His kiss was nice and gentle; his lips were warm and soft against mine. I pressed against him again, molding our lips together to deepen the kiss. Our first kissed melted into two, then three, then four. I couldn't get enough of his lips, and I loved the way he moaned against mine. He slipped his shirt off over his head, breaking our lip contact for a second. "Is this ok?" He asked; his cute lips were red and swollen. I brushed my fingers against them and nodded. "Yes," I breathed, kissing him lightly again. "I love you, Jake." He smiled against my lips now, and I moved my hands eagerly across his chest, feeling the muscles I'd dreamt about. "Sorry, I feel the need to tell you every five minutes." He laughed, kissing my forehead and rubbing my thighs. "I love you too, Nessie. I feel the same need." He kissed me again, more urgently this time. I guided his hands up under my dress, and Jake continued moaning my name and "I love you" against my skin until light started breaking through the clouds. My god, prom night really did turn out to be the best night of my life.