"Yes, she has," Edward mumbled in agreement to my ponderings. He looked as dejected as I felt. "Do you want to tell her about them?" Gulping, I thought it over. To be honest, I really did not want to. However, it was likely the wiser course. Bella listened to me quicker than she did anyone else, save for Edward and Esme. Still, I knew that I would not be able to bear watching her expression change from happiness, to horror, to grief and heart-wrenching despair. I would feel as if I had been responsible for her parents' and stepfather's death. As if I had betrayed her. Nodding in understanding, Edward shot me a sympathetic gaze. "I'll tell her, then," he remarked, but it was clear that he didn't want to either. He rubbed his face with his hand, preparing himself for what he was about to do. After a minute, he nodded to himself and sighed deeply. Then he turned to Bella, looking as if he were walking to his execution. "Sweet pea?" he called to her in a soft voice. Bella's POV "Sweet pea?" I heard Edward say. I looked up from the worksheet that I was concentrating on. "Yes, Dad?" I queried. "Can you come here, please? I need to talk to you about something," he stated. I inclined my head and walked over to him. As I drew closer, I noticed that his face was drawn. It also seemed paler than usual. I had the feeling that something wasn't right. By the time that I reached him, my forehead was already creased in bewilderment. "What's up?" I questioned. He opened his mouth to answer, but nothing came out. He cleared his throat and tried again. "Esme had just received a phone call from Mount Sinai Hospital," he remarked. When he did not continue, I rose an eyebrow. "So...? What did they want?" I prodded him. Taking a deep breath, he continued on. "They called to tell her that your parents and your stepfather were brought there. They had been found not an hour ago." "They found them?!" I exclaimed, a wide smile threatening to split my face open. It was about time that they did! Oh, this was the best news that I had ever received in my life! I couldn't wait to be able see them again! "Oh, my God, why didn't you tell me sooner? We should go there now-it's still pretty early." I turned and started for the coat closet. "No, Bella!" Edward yelled, spinning me around to face him. "You cannot go. Seeing them would not be a good idea." I frowned in confusion. "Why? Is something wrong? Do they have to undergo a major surgery or something?" He shook his head. "No. That is not the reason." "Then why can't I see them?" Anguish darkened his eyes as he gazed at Esme, who stared at him pleadingly. He sighed heavily before turning to me once more. "Sweet pea... I wish that I could lie to you about what I have to tell you. In fact, I wish that I didn't have to tell you this at all." "Tell me what ?" I demanded, feeling really worried all of a sudden. He swallowed thickly. "Your parents and stepfather are...They are gone, sweet pea." My mouth fell, and I backed away from him slowly, shaking my head in denial. "No. There must be some mistake. They can't be dead. They can't be. They have to be alive!" I gasped. Oh God, please tell me that this isn't true. Please let this be a joke. They couldn't be dead. It would be too unfair for them to be! Edward pursed his lips, his expression morose. "I'm so sorry, sweet pea," he whispered, and I knew then that he was telling the truth. That dreaded, horrible truth. Grief rained down on me at the speed of an underground train's, and I crumpled under its weight. Carlisle's POV As soon as Edward told Bella that he was sorry, she collapsed. Everyone ghosted to her and reached her before she hit the floor. I moved her into a sitting position, but she slumped forward, burying her face in her hands. "No," she wept. "Why didn't they try to save them? Why? They could have!" Edward knelt down in front of her and laid a hand on her shoulder. "It was already to late for them. They were already dead when they had been found. Nothing could be done." "No, no, no, no, NO, NO!" Bella hollered, punching the floor with her hands. She jerked away from him as if his touch burned her. My children and I attempted to comfort her except Esme. She was crying too hard to do much of anything. Seeing her daughter so heartbroken was tearing her apart. I, too, was finding it very difficult not break down myself. I hated that my little sister had to go through all of this pain. She had hoped and prayed that her loved ones would be alive when they were found, and now her dreams were destroyed. Bella shrugged away from us and fled to her room. I trailed after her. Once there, she threw herself onto the bed and wept with abandon. I lifted her up before taking my poor baby in my arms. I rocked back and forth. She must have known that it was me because she did not move away. She just clung to me as she cried her heart out. "It's not fair. It's not fair," she sobbed bitterly. A tear slipped out of my eye and rolled down my cheek. "No, sweetheart. It isn't fair," I murmured, hugging her even more tightly. "It isn't at all." Outside, the rain poured down with more intensity. It was as if it was sharing Bella's grief, just as I and my family were. (A/N: PLEASE REVIEW! How was my first chapter for the story? Leave any questions or comments you have. Thank you!)