the handshake I'll never forget about Charlie. Because he looked me right in the eyes and broke every bone in my hand. Felt like, anyway." More laughter. "Anyhow. Bella was lucky to have him, and we were all fortunate to have him as our peace officer." He planted his hat back on his head and stepped down, not looking around as the pastor spoke, "Okay well, if there's no one else, I think it's time to hear from Isabella." Edward sat down as Bella stood. She kept her veil down. Her voice shook and wavered as she gave her eulogy. It was short but meaningful and ended with an invite to a memorial service being held at the Elks Lodge out on 101. Everyone was invited. . Edward would remember that smell forever. The smell of grief and flowers and meat roasting on a big outdoor grill. Big troughs of baked beans and potato salad and green salad lined a red and white checked tablecloth. Flimsy, filthy paper napkins clustered on every table, crumpled like rosettes and scabbed with barbeque sauce. Red plastic cups pegged every flat surface, filled with lemonade and sweet tea and fruit punch. There was a no host bar and Edward knew Bella had put most of the alcohol on her charge card. Ice melted in coolers, which stood open, draining a thin trickle of dirty water down to the curb. Bella stood with a circle of people around her constantly. She didn't lift her veil and she didn't eat. Jake didn't leave her side. Edward resented and envied and loathed him. He wanted to pry Bella's fingers from where they locked around her husband's bicep. You don't know her, don't know that you don't own her. "I think we've stayed long enough, don't you?" Leah asked, her fan back out and working back and forth in front of her face. "Should we give our condolences?" "I don't think so. Let's just get home." God knew he'd condoled Bella physically enough over the last six weeks. Leah gathered her things. Edward tried to catch Bella's eye, but it was impossible with the barrier of her veil blocking her from the world. Leah's grip on his arm frustrated and annoyed him. Wrong, wrong, wrong. This is all wrong. Maple and birch trees drooped under the sun's pressure; the black asphalt parking lot radiated heat back up in shimmering waves. He felt as if a rubber band wrapped his legs; he fought its restraint with every step he took away from Bella. He turned to look back at her. Jake was approaching with the countenance of a bull after a flag. Bella clung to his arm and tried to keep her husband's manic pace. Edward knew what was coming. A cold fire started in his feet and his hands and his groin. He'd have preferred for this to happen privately, but it would be what it would be. Jake jutted his chin up at Edward. "You used to date my wife?" Edward looked down at him, feeling small. "I did." "You're the one giving her her identity crisis?" Oh, Jake. I'm giving her much more than that. He could feel Leah buzz alive with awareness, could feel her eyes on his profile. He wondered if she was starting to connect the dots; starting to think about why the fuck he was showering so much, why he was gone so much. Edward looked at Bella; at the way she was clinging to Jake's sleeve, holding his arm with both her hands. Not to stop him, but like he was a life raft. Like he'd come to save her from drowning and she would tether herself to him and be dragged to shore. And she didn't care who else flapping around out here drowned. "Well, she's coming home now. Home to San Diego. I'll be selling Charlie's house. She won't be back." "Edward... ?" It was Leah, her fingers clenched around his own bicep. "She's done with you. Done with you taking advantage of her. She's coming home," he said again. Bella's blasted veil was still down; all he could tell about her feelings was by her white-knuckled grip on her husband. Then she let go, her fingers stretching wide. To leave her husband, or simply to unleash him? Edward saw the punch coming but was too dazed to duck or block it. Jake struck him hard in the face—right where his nose fit into its crease—and Edward's head whipped back. Pain exploded behind his eye as Jake hit him a second time. "That's for fucking my wife." Leah's fan hit the pavement and zipped itself closed. Edward's vision slowly cleared, the garish red melting back into the real world. The black asphalt and green grass and blue sky seemed to throb and pulse and shiver with starbursts. He felt blood trickling over his upper lip, smearing into the crease of his mouth. The copper tang of blood touched his tongue and he thought of Bella. She'd finally pinned up her veil. He could see all of her, into her—really inside of her. Into some kind of darkness he'd never noticed before. She just stood there like a statue in black, her body cold and unreachable. Her face grim and forbidding. Her mouth prim, her eyes fathomless. He wanted to throw up, not just the meal from the memorial but his own guts. Throw them up in a big steaming waterfall dragging his heart out last. Next to him, Leah cried. Sobbing into her cupped hands, trying to hide her shame and her face. Bella just watched. She was the way she'd been all those years ago across the gas station island. Her melancholy gave her an absurd perfection. He felt her emptiness and her grief and her somberness. And more. Something much more and much worse. Bella met his eye and whispered, "Goodbye, Edward." ... Has it gone for good? Or is it coming back around? -Fireside, Arctic Monkeys