box she's handing me. Do I? I ponder it on the walk back to my shitty apartment. I've always known... not thought, not wondered, known . That I would be a mediocre mom. My own mom was parenting optional. I don't see the streets I walk down or the stairs leading up to my floor, or the door, my key, the kitchen or even the toilet. I just see the slim white wand as I hold it in the stream of urine, waiting to see what I get, like a first timer at a slot machine. All sevens? Or a smirking devil? And which is winning? As soon as the little plus sign shows up I know. I won. I find my reflection and she's smiling. For the first time in what feels like a million years. She looks like I feel. Relieved. She utters a shaky, happy laugh. "Really?" I guess so. … Tomorrow turns into today. I go down to the Department of Health and Human Services and apply for Medicaid. I buy actual groceries. Like milk. And broccoli, and pasta sauce. And vitamins. I take an admissions exam for the vet-tech program at the J.C. I cancel my internet service. It's the only way to move on. I put that fifty dollars into a jar on my kitchen table every month, along with my nightly tips. I don't count it. I just continue to cram fives and ones and sometimes tens and twenties into the jar. When I put on my first maternity pants, I get a bigger a jar. I like seeing it fill with money. My money. Not Edward's. That money just sits in my drawer, in its original envelope. I don't want to look at it. I like dreaming about the shopping excursion to buy a bassinet, blankets, onesies. A lady in my birthing class tells me to get a thing called a Boppy. I put it on the list. I make lists now. I check things off. Except one thing. Tell Edward. This one I grapple with. Sometimes, I think he has a right to know. Other times I think it's better if he doesn't. Sometimes I think, I am a liar. Other times I think it's just a defense mechanism. I've kept the truth from him before. Aside from the philosophical angle, there's the practical, how-the-fuck do I do it angle. I've found myself at the library, paused between studying, staring at a blank email with Edward's address in the 'To' field. My heart hammers and I sweat. I tell myself that can't be good for Little Mister. It used to be he made me brave. God, that was so long ago. I close the window and go back to learning about how to tell if an animal is dehydrated. I slowly turn half my small studio into a nursery. Second hand stores and garage sales help me in the acquisition of a changing station, a bassinet, and a car seat, even though I don't have a car. Caesar's takes me off the casino floor and gives me a position waiting tables at the buffet. Not easier work, but slightly more palatable for them I suppose. I make less money, but not a lot less. My jar is still filling up. In the wee hours, when I get home, when I'm so sore I can't hold myself upright anymore. I lean against a mountain of pillows and talk to Little Mister. He stretches and kicks and does somersaults under my hands. I think about my own father. I think about Edward. I pull out my phone and try to text him. I set the phone on my belly instead. He said he never wanted to hear from me again. I just don't know what the right thing is. I don't cry. Not much. Occasionally. Like the time I see a lady, about as pregnant as me, walking down the strip next to her husband, hand in his. I wonder if he's proud of the baby she's growing, his child. If he feels a sense of ownership about them both, a sense of family. I smile as we pass each other, but it's a polite smile. I suddenly feel very, very alone. That night I do it. I call him. The ringing is very loud in my ear and I pull it back a couple of inches. I take deep breaths when I hear the chime break, but it's just his voicemail. I clear my throat and leave him one. I don't really want to tell his voicemail. I don't know if I want to tell him either, don't know if I could stand the silence on the other end of the line. Or the judgment. Or his reluctant involvement. I just ask for a call back. I tell him it's important. It doesn't come. The weeks go by, and I reason that at least I tried. Maybe not very hard, but him not knowing, that is on him now. Not me. Maybe I will call Esme and tell her. Maybe. The last few weeks are the hardest. My due date is the middle of June and it's hot. Desert hot. Not only am I looking forward to getting Little Mister out, but I also look forward to leaving Las Vegas. My program doesn't end for another year, but when it does, I'm gone. Out of this stark inferno - to raise Little Mister somewhere green. Somewhere new. Somewhere fresh. Like I feel. A/N: To those who kept my secrets secret... THANK YOU. A very special thank you to my beta: Dragonfly336 To an amazing Kitty who held my hand… Love your brain. And finally… to those who read, reviewed, and voted. Whether or not your voted for me. My heart explodes with THANK YOU. Your reviews-including corrections which I've made (THANK YOU)-and those wondering if this will be continued... it will. Stay tuned. And thank you, from the bottom of my heart.