me his irritating smile again. He bombarded me with questions, when did I moved in and where I am from and lots. Though I know he's trying to be close and hit on me. Too obvious because I had seen it too many times when the guys hitting on my mother. I still answered as politely as possible, made my tone even and not telling him much about me. "My mother and I move from place to place. I'm actually from Phoenix. We got here a week ago before school started. And no, I didn't had the chance to check the town around, just the grocery." "I can show you around!" Mike presented himself rather too excited and he scratched the back of his neck. "I m-mean if you don't have anything to do this weekend." I felt Jessica glaring at my direction. Oh, so that's why. "No, thanks Mike. I can do that myself while looking for a job." I said, faking my smile then resumed my staring contest with the salad in my plate. I thought he'll give up. "That's great!" He exclaimed, making me look up. What's so great from what I said? "We own a shop and need an extra employee for night shifts. You up for it? Pay is good." He offered with his eyebrows wiggling while i keep staring blankly. I wanted to smack his face with the tray but when I thought of it, I wouldn't be bothering myself this weekend. I considered his offer in a minute and caved in. Hell, the cash my Dad left is not enough to get me through the year. And I'm aware Renee is stealing from me. So I agreed to Mike. He told me I can start whenever I like so I decided tomorrow after school, then maybe get the whole days during weekends. Through my first day, I ignored the stares I get. Few students doesn't like me already. I was knocked down twice in the hallways whenever I'm on my own. Got worse than this, got used to it. The coach let me off since it's my first day. I just go in my car instead after signing the attendance. I think I can just drive around the town. After familiarizing myself, seen the Newton's shop and gas the car, it's already night. I still don't feel like going back to the house. When I finished filling in the tank, I turned to my car and opened the door. Then someone called out. "Princess?" That someone gasped behind me. I turned to face him and it is a police, a chief no less. "Excuse me?" I asked in confusion, my eyebrows rose high in surprise. I look around if he meant me. "Is there something wrong, sir?" "Dad! There you are!" It was Leah who just got out of a red Chevy truck, parked beside the police cruiser. Her group of friends and those I don't recognize also jumped out, walking towards the Chief of police. Angela's waving at me, I wave back and get in my car. I didn't give any of them a chance to talk and drove away. It makes me uncomfortable. When I got home, empty bottles of alcohol are in the coffee table of the living room with the stuffs my mother use, like drugs. As I stepped in and observed in silence, no one seems to be here. Amen! My mother is KO at her bedroom, wasted as usual. Her boy toy nowhere to be seen which is not strange. I cleaned up and also done the laundry for a while, being careful not to wake up Renee. I watched TV and when the clock hits nine I get up to my room. I took a quick shower and brushed teeth. Rare times like this are whenever my mother isn't being a pain or taking out her frustration at me. If you are wondering where my Dad is, well he's gone. He left me with Renee when I was eight, because she keeps cheating on him and they argued at almost anything. He didn't even brought me with him and that's the reason I hated him, he couldn't leave baseball. He did visit me a lot back then to pick me up from school and take me out wherever we want. My anger subsided and I tried to understand him. Dad had a new family I never met. When I was fourteen, he died of cancer. He left me quarter of his fortune but it was less when given to me by his family. Can you believe that? They're so mean to me. I don't know if I should forgive him but I just don't have the heart to do that for Renee and Phil. But I won't blame him if he doubted that I'm really his daughter for Renee slept with bunches of dicks. I stared at the picture in my desk, it was one Phil taken during my eleventh birthday when he took me to an ice cream shop. His baseball cap on my head and twisted backwards, his large arms around me. Both of us wearing white jersey shirts and a face splitting grins. He has blue eyes and dark hair, a charming man. Yup, even I doubt that I'm from him. He still did treat you like his. My subconscious whispered. I glared at the picture, my face darkened of hatred. I put it face down since I don't want to look at it. The fact never changes, he left me with this woman. The hope that he will take me away with him was gone. I'm crushed and tired of everything. I think loathe what's keeps me going on. I learned to do everything to save my sorry ass and have hard time of trusting anyone. I want a way out. I plopped face down on my bed and fell asleep quickly, thankful to get a good sleep after the whole week.