matter?" I queried. She lowered her hand, which had been covering her mouth. "Oh my God...oh my God! Carlisle?! Is that you ?!" she demanded in astonishment. My jaw dropped. How did...how did she know my name?! I did not recall meeting her in my entire life. Well, her chocolate-brown eyes looked familiar. Other than that, I did not recognize her. It took several minutes for me to find my voice. "Er...yes, I am Carlisle. But how do you know? Have we met?" I inquired, my voice full of wonder. "Yes...we've met ten years ago in Vancouver. I was seven at the time, though...you probably don't remember me," she responded. Narrowing my eyes, I shook my head. "No, I am afraid that I don't." The girl slumped, but then her eyes brightened. "Hold on a minute. You might know who I am after I show you something. Do you mind if I get it?" "Of course not." She smiled a rather beautiful smile and disappeared from view. I heard a door opening and what sounded like rustling paper. A minute later, she came back. "You gave me this when I was clothes shopping with my mom. You saw that I wanted them and bought them for me," she remarked. Then she held up a stuffed teddy bear and various candy wrappers. I leaned forward, my eyes growing wide. Suddenly, I did remember her. I remembered her quite clearly. She was the little girl that I had met during a trip in Canada. The girl who desired the candy and the teddy bear. The girl who was being treated unfairly by her mother. The girl who I thought looked so starved, but not for food. For reasons that I was not able to explain, I could see that she was starving for kindness. For affection. For love. It seemed as if no one had ever treated her nicely. Right then and there, I decided to buy what she wanted to have. I had no idea what drove me to do it. However, I had the feeling that I would regret it deeply if I hadn't. I went to the toy store to get the bear, then to the candy shop to purchase a bag of sweets. After that, I met her in the clothes shop and gave them to her. With amazement crashing through me, I turned to the girl. "B-Bella?" I murmured. Bella's POV I wanted to jump for joy! He knew who I was! "Yes, I'm Bella! You do remember me!" I exclaimed. A grin slowly spread across his face. "I never did forget about you. I suppose it was because I had felt so sorry for you that you stuck in my memory. But...you remember me , after all this time?! It has been more than ten years!" I nodded, beaming brightly. "You look the same as you did when we had first met." Carlisle ran his fingers through his hair. "I understand that, but it was no wonder that I couldn't recognize you. How old are you now, Bella?" "I'll be eighteen on the thirteenth." "Mmm, I see. You have grown into quite a beautiful young woman." It felt as if my cheeks were blistering. "Thank you," I said in a low voice. He smiled at me. "So...how is it that you remember me? We had not talked long enough to have much of an impression on each other that day." "Well, maybe not. But I could never forget you, or that you bought the bear and candy for me. That was the nicest thing that anyone had ever done for me." Carlisle rose his eyebrows in surprise. "Really?" he asked with interest. "Yeah," I admitted. I decided to change the subject. "So...do you still live in Vancouver?" He shook his head. "No, I had never lived in Canada. I was only on a small trip there." "Oh. Well, where do you live?" "I live outside of a small town in Washington called Forks." He had to be lying! "No way! Really?! Forks ?!" Carlisle chuckled. "It is a rather funny name for a town, isn't it?" "No, you don't understand. I was born in Forks! But when my mom divorced my dad, she took me with her to Arizona," I remarked. "You have to be joking!" he exclaimed. "I'm not! But that's so cool that you live there. How long have you been in Forks?" He leaned back. "For a little more than a year. I had a job opportunity at the hospital in town, where I work as a doctor." I cocked my head to the side. "Whoa. I would never have guessed that you were one. Then again, you are a very generous and helpful person." "Thank you." "You're welcome. Are you married? Do you have children?" "Yes, I have five whom I had adopted. They are your age, or close to it. But I am divorced. The marriage did not work out." Why would anyone divorce him?! He was too kind and too sweet to be divorced! "Oh. That's too bad," I stated. Carlisle waved his hand. "Do not worry about it. It was for the best." Just then, I heard a bed creaking, followed by a yawn. I turned to him. "My mom's awake. I gotta go...she wouldn't like it if she caught me speaking to you in this chat room," I hissed. He smiled. "I know what you mean. Well, it was a pleasure to see you again, Bella. Perhaps we can talk again sometime?" he questioned. "Sure, when I can manage to. It was great to see you too, Carlisle. Good-bye." "Good-bye, dear." I hastily shut my own camera off and made to exit the chat room. Before I could, however, the door opened with a CRASH. "WHAT THE...WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING, GIRL?!" Mom bellowed. Oh, man! I was in huge trouble again! (A/N: PLEASE REVIEW! Did I start off good? Let me know what you think, please!)