the familiar figure on the other end. Jacob seen Bella watching the new customer since she entered the bar. She forgot that Jacob is in the counter and can see her outside by the large window. She typed on her Galaxy Note and show it to Jacob. 'You know her?' Jacob read the words. Bella is still unable to speak since the accident more than two years ago and she refused to use sign language all the time because most people doesn't know how, so she used her phone. He shook his head. "Nope, never even saw her around here before. Anyways, we didn't knew that she's still here." 'I think she fell asleep.' She typed again. "Well, wake her up. We're closing." Jacob said with a smirk and walked away before Bella could protest. She wanted to shout that he's crazy. What should she say? Not to mention, she can't even speak. He was inside again, leaving her alone to do her task. Bella mentally groaned as she get up from her seat. She grudgingly walked to the other end of the patio, cursing Jacob in her head. When she reached the table she suddenly felt nervous and excited, excited to see the girl's face that amused her tonight. She's having an internal battle of how she should wake her up. Bella peered down to the girl's face and was stunned to see her sleeping peacefully. She has long thick dark eyelashes that touches her fair delicate skin, her face shaped of a heart and her cute nose is pink probably from the cold, even her soft lips slightly parted. The beauty of the stranger is striking even when she sleeps. It reminded her of snow white, in slumber waiting for a true love's kiss. Alice woke up when she felt someone staring at her. She opened her eyes and yelp in surprise to see someone's doe like brown eyes staring at her. Thankfully, they weren't that close or maybe she might punched the stranger. Bella moved away and felt herself blushing furiously for staring at the girl, but it did worked at waking her up. Before she could throw the glass of beer towards Bella, Bella is waving her hands, trying to communicate to the girl. Alice stopped herself after seeing that it was a girl and confused at what she's doing. She watched the bespectacled girl waving her hands with gestures, like what she sees the interpreter does. Bella paused and slapped her forehead, the girl couldn't understand her. "Uhm what?" Alice asked. Her wind chimes like voice getting Bella's attention. Alice, feeling the obvious embarrassment of the tall girl, stared at her. "Sorry, is that sign language?" Bella nodded, still flustered. Alice 'oh'-ed at that, confirming that the girl can't communicate verbally. She watched her pulled out a phone and typed on it. Bella showed it afterwards. 'I'm sorry, I was 'bout to wake you up.' "It's fine." Alice assured and feel awkward, confused at the taller girl with eyeglasses. 'By the way, we're actually closing so that's why I had to wake you." Bella showed her phone again, scratching behind her ear and unable to look at her again. Alice looked around her and realized that she was right. She looked at her watch and it's passed one am. "Oh no. I'm sorry. I'll just pay then leave." With that she stood up and was a bit dizzy but Bella kindly hold her by arm. She smiled at her and apologized again. Bella could only nodded with a small smile of her own. Bella carried the glass of beer and walked behind the tipsy customer. They entered inside and Alice pay for her bills. "Are you new here, staying in a hotel?" Leah asked casually, glancing at their mute best friend who is rolling her eyes at the grinning Jacob. Jacob had told her about what happened and they secretly watched the two earlier from the side of the window. Alice smiled as Leah gives back her credit card. "I just stopped by here, getting a hotel later." "If you want, you can come back here on Tuesday. We have the specials. Our friend's bests of course." Leah invited, inclining her head to their friend and Alice get what she meant. Bella cooks the specials, her own recipes. A fact that amused her greatly about the mute. When the mischievous blue eyes met her innocent doe like brown eyes, Bella didn't look away. They were a bit hypnotized at the mystery of each other. "Will do. Thank you again." Alice said at Bella with a smile, which returned. Alice found Bella odd in a good away and she think that they will be really good friends despite Bella's disability to speak. She just has this gut feeling to know her. They will be really good friends. "By the way, Jacob Black, this is my girlfriend Leah." Jacob broke. Alice shook their hands. "Leah Clearwater." "Alice, Alice Brandon." Alice introduced and looked at Bella, her hand extending. "You are?" "Our friend here, Bella Swan. Alice got surprised by the name. Bella noticed it and her pale cheeks turning to blush, she took her hand nonetheless. Their hands stayed on each other for a bit long which didn't escaped to the two other people observing them. "Really? As in Bella and Swan." Alice asked in amusement, still not letting the hand go. Bella grinned and nodded, though blushing. They let go each other's hands but still feeling their touches lingering. "That's... really unique. Alice complimented their bar before saying her goodbye to the three friends and bar owners she met. She smiled brightly at Bella which returned by the taller girl. Alice knows she won't forget Bella Swan, not that's because she's mute but her genuine smile and her name that suits her perfectly. Sooo... if you had read this thank you very much and if you want, please leave a review about my grammar errors. Gracias