theirs will turn out to be a rather short engagement. She mentioned last night that Jasper was thinking about moving back to Texas, and he even has a few job interviews in the coming weeks. I'm getting that sick feeling I get whenever changes are approaching. Part of me is sad that Alice will soon be off living her happily-ever-after with Jasper. Another part of me is thrilled for her. I decide to focus on my own life instead of my friend's. Part of me realizes that the fact that she's moving forward makes me feel left behind. I wonder if perhaps Edward and I are ready to continue where we left off. I know in my heart that things will be different this time. The passage of time has worked like a pumice stone on our rough edges. I make an appointment with my gynecologist in between making lists and sorting clothes for laundry. A plan is forming in my head, and for once I am going to go with my gut instead of second-guessing myself at every turn. A week and a half later, I am certified disease-free and armed with a renewed prescription for birth control pills. Edward and I have yet to have sex, but he did let me give him a blowjob a few days ago. He was so overwhelmed and nervous that he needed a second blowjob just to relax. We have plans to have dinner later, and I am guessing we will end up at his place afterward. I have an overnight bag packed just in case. Inside, I have packed the usual along with a box from Tiffany & Co. I plan to present Edward with. I am excited and buzzing with adrenaline about what I plan to do. Dinner is at the same bistro where we met up for the first time since our divorce. It's only been a few months since we got back together, but it feels like a lot longer than that. Shortly after we are seated, I slide over the envelope with my lab results to him. "What's this?" he asks as he pulls the paper from the envelope. I remain silent as I watch him unfold the sheet and scan it. I take a moment to say a silent prayer. I have so much riding on this night, and I need to feel that God is on my side. I mulled this over for days, seeking His guidance. When I reached my decision, I felt at peace. Nervous, excited, and a little scared but confident. When I open my eyes, I see Edward smiling at me. He's put the envelope away and has his arms stretched out toward me over the table, his hands inviting mine to his. "Thank you," he says. I can tell that he means it. "You're welcome. I told you it was the right thing to do." "I know, and I respect as much as I appreciate you doing this. I would have never even thought to ask you for this, but it's right. Which is why I got tested as well." He reaches into his jacket and pulls out his own envelope. He passes it to me with a grin. After we order our entrees, I decide that I cannot wait for the requisite perfect moment I have envisioned, and so I sneak my hand into my purse and pull out the box I impulsively threw in there at the last minute. When I rise from my seat, Edward looks puzzled but doesn't say anything. I slowly take the two steps it takes for me to be at his side and kneel down before him. "Edward, these past few months have been the biggest blessing I never thought to ask for. Maybe my heart did, but my conscious mind did not. I have prayed for you every day, that we have been together and apart. In more ways than I can count, I have been missing you from my life. Now that I have you back, I don't intend to let you go. That is why I am asking you to be my husband once again. It doesn't have to be right away, but I'd like to know that that's where we are headed. It's not customary to give a man an engagement ring, but I have these cufflinks I'd like you to wear on our wedding day." I am proud of myself for not throwing up mid-speech. Edward looks stunned and possibly sick, but I know he feels the same. I know that I don't need to doubt him. "I love you, Bella. I never stopped. I always will. And yes, I will marry you again. As soon as you'll have me." With that he pulls me up and into his arms. Our moment is perfect, and I don't even feel the many eyes that are likely upon us. Our audience has the consideration to not clap, but when I return to my seat I see the smiles and approving faces of our fellow food arrives, and I know I won't remember a thing about how it tastes. That is an unimportant detail at the moment. I am engaged to Edward. Much like the night of our first engagement ,we spend it wrapped around each other. I can't help the little bit of self-doubt and self-consciousness that seep into me as soon as it's clear that we are actually getting naked with each other. Even though there's a little fear, everything feels right and familiar and yet new and exciting. I can tell that Edward is nervous, but once our bodies make contact, the sensation becomes white noise that drowns out all of the garbage clouding our minds. As we move together, I can't help but smile as I watch Edward move above me, eyes closed in blissed-out concentration. I don't know for sure where we will end up, but this is a start. We are getting a second chance.