sure that they don't hurt you." Did he mean any more than they already would be?! And any more than they already have?! "NO!" Bella repeated. Edward sighed and ghosted upstairs to his room. Next, a drawer was opened and closed. "Put this on," he ordered. He must have been giving her lingerie to wear. "No," she muttered. He growled in irritation, fed up that she was not listening to him. There was rustling, and Bella complained, "Edward, please! I don't want to do this!" For a moment, he was silent. "Are you scared of them?" he finally queried. Well, she would be out of her mind if she wasn't! "If you are, don't be. I know that they hurt you before, but they will never do that again. I understand that you don't want me to share you, and that you only want me, but they need you to take care of their needs." I couldn't take this shit! Was he kidding?! "EDWARD, stop this ! She said that she doesn't want to have sex with them, so just leave her alone !" I bellowed. "Stay out of this, bitch," he sneered in a voice that was too low for Bella to have heard him. What did he just say to me?! "They need me?! Haven't they heard of jerking off?!" Bella demanded, interrupting my thoughts. Edward laughed loudly. "Of course they have! But masturbation is not as good as the real thing. Now, let's go. Daniel needs you first." "No! Hell no! I'm not helping your friends with shit ! Why don't they just ask Tanya to fuck them?!" I would rather that they did that than rape her, even if would nauseate me to have sex with them. "Because she is warmer than you are," he responded. "Let's go, please." "NO!" He snarled and stormed out of his bedroom. "Edward, let go! You're hurting me!" she complained. "I'm sorry. I said that he won't hurt you, and you have to believe that." A door opened. "Oh good, you have your condom on," he remarked, speaking to Daniel. "Go on, Bella. I'll just be sitting in the corner. Just do whatever he tells you, and everything will be all right. Go on," he added to Bella. I gasped. "Edward, NO! Don't let him do that to her!" I pleaded. But he ignored me. I made to get out of my chair-seriously, this needed to be stopped!-when Bella cried out in pain. I smelled her tears. "Not so rough. She's crying. You're hurting her," Edward scolded. Knowing instantly what was happening, I was immobilized by shock and dismay once again. I could only stand there and listen as Daniel raped Bella. His bed squeaked with every thrust that he made. Traitor! Traitor! Traitor! those squeaks seemed to yell at me. My eyes brimmed with tears. No. I was not a traitor. I couldn't be one. I had tried to make Edward stop Daniel from harming Bella. Your fault. Your fault. Your fault, the squeaks declared next. I covered my ears, trying to block out the noise and the words. I did not want to hear them anymore. But it did not work. I could still hear the creaking, and Daniel's grunts of pleasure. They persisting in tormenting me, filling me with shame. Because they were right. This was my fault...entirely my fault. Please, God. Please let him stop , I prayed over and over again as I wept bitterly. Finally, after about twenty minutes, Daniel came. I hoped that Edward would leave Bella alone now. That he would change his mind and decide not to let the others rape her. That he would realize that what he was doing was causing her pain. As if to contradict me, Edward said to her in an offhandly, "Well, come on then. Victor is expecting you." No, no, no, no, no! I cried to myself as I beat my fists against my head. This was so wrong, so very wrong. Why Bella? Why her? What did she do to deserve this abominable, inhumane treatment? I couldn't take this anymore! I was going to go crazy if Edward kept this up! There had to be something that I could do. Something to make this stop. I attempted to come up with a plan to help Bella. However, Edward must have read my mind because he growled. "You meddlesome bitch! I told you to stay out of this! If you don't, I will personally put you on the receiving end of some abominable, inhumane treatment ! Would you like me to do it?" he questioned menacingly. I kept silent, trembling with fear. I knew that he could do it if he was cruel enough to rape Bella and have her raped. And that was something that I did NOT want him to. "That's what I thought," Edward hissed in a satisfied voice when I came to this conclusion. So there was nothing that I could do. Nothing but listen as Victor, Brad, and Jerry forced themselves on Bella over the next hour. During the whole time, I sobbed into my arms. I hated myself for not helping her. For allowing Edward to scare me out of doing so and have the upper hand. Traitor! Traitor! Your fault! Your fault! the beds in his friends' rooms whispered to me as they creaked. Just when I believed that I was about to lose it, everything finally grew quiet. Then I heard Edward walking out of Jerry's room with Bella, telling her that she could take a shower. But as the water started to run a moment afterwards, I knew that a shower would not help her. I knew this because Rosalie had experienced the same thing after having been raped by her monster of an ex-fiance, Royce King II, and his sick friends. She would never be quite able to wash away the feeling of Edward's friends' bodies on hers. Not for a very long time.