Seattle. Pulling up into Charlie's drive way I notice everyone is already there with dogs, and volunteers all ready to go out looking for my dad. I climb out and run up to everyone. "Any news yet Billy?" I ask touching the man's shoulder he looks back at me his face drawn and pale, he shakes his head and looks to Dr. Cullen. "No Bella none so far, they did find Jasper's shirt on a rock near the place the camp was supposed to be, but since then nothing no clues, no scents, no one. The storm that hit near the camp took everything away we are running on ideas and leads, not any good leads. They could be dead, or lost out at sea in the boat." He sighs then shakes his head. "I am afraid we may never find them Bella." I look at Alice, she is trying to soothe her twins, one has rugged brown hair and the other has shaggy brown hair, along with green eyes. I walk over to her, she looks weary of me. "How are you handling things Alice?" I ask looking at Jasper's sons. She bites her lip then sighs heavily. "I am okay I suppose, my friend Jason has been helping me with the boys, and with the next baby on the way I can't handle much more stress." I notice Jason standing with a group of people he looks over at us then back to the group. "How long have they been at this search party?" I ask softly. "For over six hours now, I am so worried Bella." Her eyes welling with tears. "Okay Allie lets go find them." I drag her over to the group and listen to them argue over trivial things. Why bicker when two people who we care about are missing. "Dad, Mr. Black let's not fight. Let's just not argue at all my brother is out there I want to find him." Edward is standing with Tanya who is holding a little girl in her arms. The group looks at them. "Edward Tanya, thanks for coming, we aren't arguing son we just can't find any solid trails to follow." Carlisle says smiling then points to the map. "The last trail ended here but picks up again here. I think maybe something got ahold of their clothes." I pace then stop. "My dad, he had a cabin near hear, did anyone check that?" I ask looking at them, Billy scratches his head. "No, because Charlie never went there, ever. Not since your mom died." I grab my bag then glare at them. "I plan to go there to see if my dad is there." I snap as Alice climbs in the passenger side. "I have to go too! My husband is missing too Bella." I nod then peal out of the drive heading to the cabin. Two hours later I pull up to the dark cabin searching for any signs of life. Alice gets out the runs to the door opening it. I get out following her to the door, when it cracks open we can see someone laying on the floor blood all over the entrance to the cabin. "Hello?" Alice asks into the dark cabin. "Alice is that you?" comes a quit voice from the corner I rush in and lean down Alice following me. "Jasper where is my dad?" I ask looking around for another body. He shakes his head looking down. "He's gone Bells. The storm was to rough it rocked him over the side. He never came back up." He looks away from me tears running down his cheeks. "I am so sorry Bella I told him we should of went another day but he was hell bent to go that day." He starts to ramble on and I touch his arm. "Jasper it's going to be okay we need to get you to a hospital." I say trying to lift him up, Alice helps me lift him, we drag him out to my car settling him in the back we cover him up with covers and get. I start the engine and floor it out of the drive. Alice looks at me in the mirror as she holds jasper to her. As we pull into the hospital everyone is already there waiting for us since Alice texted them while we drove there. Everyone is sad to hear that my father didn't make it. I tried to keep my emotions in control and not cry, I had to be strong my dad would have wanted me to be. Alice walks over to me smiling softly. "Thank you so much Bella I don't know how I could ever thank you enough." she hugs me tightly then turns to go back to the waiting room. I look around at everyone waiting on news of Jasper. Billy sitting next to Jake his face full of pain. Carlisle and Esme talking with Alice and the doctor. Rose and Emmett playing with Giana their daughter as they wait for the news. Tanya and Edward talking quietly in the corner as their baby sleeps in Tanya's arms. Tears slowly form in my eyes and roll down my cheeks. I turn and walk out the door heading to my car. As I climb in the driver side I look out the window and see the morning sun rising up in the sky and cry silently. My father gone, I was truly alone now. My mother dying when I was a child. I look over at the hospital and see Alice talking with Jasper their sons hugging and bouncing on their dad. A small smile graces my lips and I start my car driving away. Knowing deep down nothing kept me in Forks anymore. So once again I leave heading for the airport back to Arizona. This story my still be crappy and teenage trash. But I did redo it. So I am hoping it does sound better.