Looking back to the road, she was suddenly there. No more than fifteen feet from my truck, Victoria stood in the middle of the road, that grin on her face. I began to wonder if she had anything to do with why the road was vacant. Not even having time to scream, my hands jerked the wheel to the left, trying to avoid her. She didn't move as I ran off the pavement. I was going way too fast to stop if I tried, not that I would with Victoria so close anyway. There was no guard rail to stop my truck from tumbling down the steep hill. I'm gonna wreck! I did scream this time as the entire truck fell to it's side, then upside down. The drivers door caved in with the impact. I hadn't had time to even think about putting on my seat belt, so I locked my hands against the roof of my truck in an effort to stay in my position as I was bounced around. No longer was I thinking about Victoria. Oh God! It's over. Not being able to stay seated, my body was thrown around like a rag doll. Everything in my truck spun around with me, some of it hitting me. I continued to slide, my world spinning as the truck flipped onto its other side and around again. I watched, feeling as if time had slowed down, as the safety glass of the windshield cracked. With the next roll, it shattered, glass flying outwards. I squeezed my eyes shut, screaming. Everything bounced and I hit the door hard. Pain blossomed through my side and my arms flailed uselessly. Everything tilted one more time as the truck finally stopped, landing on it's tires. I had ended up sprawled across the bench seat, my head towards the passenger door. I opened my eyes and immediately wished I hadn't. My head hurt the worst of everything, having hit it on the door. I let put a low groan of pain, feeling blood run down the side of my head. I sucked in a short, painful breath. The scent made me nauseous, as it always did. I didn't move, afraid to feel what had possibly been broken, although it didn't seem is if I could move anyway. Each of my limbs felt as if there were hundred pound weights attached to them. My head ached and pounded. I started to see black spots in my vision and I just knew that I would lose consciousness. I was confused as I heard quiet footsteps near my truck. What? They got closer and my eyes widened in realization. I suddenly remembered why I was in my truck in the first place. Victoria was still out there, ready to kill me. I had completely forgotten about her, trying not to be crushed by my truck. There was no way I'd be living now. I can't even move. The footsteps grew louder. "Be-lla!" Her sickly sweet voice rang out, making my head hurt even worse. When I didn't respond, she spoke again. "You didn't actually think you could out run me, did you?" She was right beside my truck now, I could hear her on the other side of the passenger door. I could tell that she was getting bored with my silence, and was deciding to speed up the process of killing me. I clenched my teeth in fear and anticipation. Suddenly, the door the ripped right off and her face was no more than five inches away from mine. Her long curly hair dropped down like a veil around my face. She growled and spoke in a much more terrifying voice than before, like nails being scrapped across a chalkboard. "You're dead." She made to lunge but in the next second, she was ripped away. Confused and in pain, I tried to look around. I heard someone else with heavier footsteps. A man? Growls from two people were heard from about thirty feet away from me. I could make out the sounds of struggling, then Victoria shouting. "She's mine to kill! She killed my mate! She's mine!" I felt like crying, the rough sound of stone against stone penetrating my hearing. It heard the grunts and growls from both ends. The shredding sound of a limb being ripped off was loud and I was glad that no one else was here to witness it. The last thing to be heard was the lighter, retreating footsteps of my attacker. Finally, it was silent, other than the footsteps that walked in my direction. I had started to panic until I recognized these as the other person's footsteps. Who is it and what do they want with me? Are they looking to kill me just like Victoria wanted to? The fear was back as these thoughts ran through my muddled brain. I whimpered and let out a shriek as I felt cold hands touch my shoulders. They were definitely the hands of a male, calloused and large. The mystery man instantly shuffled back at the noise. "Are you alright, darlin'? Is there anywhere I can take you?" His voice had a heavy southern accent. It was deep and gruff, but also maintained the politeness of a gentleman. A part of me wished I could see his face, but I couldn't see anything. My head throbbed in pain and it was making it harder to even think clearly. After a few long moments, his question rang through my head. Is there anywhere I can take you? No. I couldn't go back to Charlie's house and be haunted by the memories of my father. I couldn't go to Florida to my mother. Renee wanted nothing to do with me. I had nothing. "It..It's all gone," I struggled to get the words out before I let unconsciousness consume me. A/N: So there you have it! If you liked (Or didn't like) this first chapter, feel free to drop me a review!