air of indifference, trying not to be bothered by such a situation. Zoráida let the alcohol flow freely. Time moved slower as the liquid escaped the bottle, gracefully making its way to the irritated shoulder. When the first drop made contact with the infected skin, Edward felt as if his flesh was burning off. Against his will, he tensed while the alcohol bore deep into the wound, cleaning and cleansing his shoulder. Jacob and Carlisle had to put all their weight on the limbs. Even though he was weak, Edward put up quite the resistance. He bit down as hard as he could on the wood, trying to fight the pain. But the more she poured into the wound, the more he lost grip over himself. When she had finished cleaning the wound—removing the puss with a clean cloth soaked in more alcohol—she proceeded to place herbs that would lessen the infection. She could not yet sew it shut. They would have to wait until the next day and see how it healed. She bandaged it in white linen strips washed in vinegar. Now they had to wait. Edward let out a weak breath as the worst part was over. She removed the piece of wood. "Drink this," Zoráida said as she uncorked another flask with a dark amber liquid in it. He grimaced at it, for he had tasted the very same medicine years earlier from Musa; Zoráida's father. He knew how vile it tasted. "Edward, you will drink it or I will force you to drink it," she ordered angrily as she recognized the look in his eyes. Jacob and Carlisle had to hold in some chuckles despite themselves. She looked like a mother scolding her child. He opened the mouth and closed his eyes, grimacing through the mask as the medicine slid down his throat. "Will he be alright?" asked Jacob after she went to sit next to the bed. Even though the wound still stung, Edward could feel the invasive herbs taking effect. He still had a fever, but he knew the medicine would take care of it. "We will have to wait until the morning. If the infection goes down, I will sew the wound shut," Zoráida explained. "After that, it is up to Edward." She glanced over, giving him a knowing glance. "How did Musa pass away?" came the question again. It took them all off guard as they had expected the masked man to have slumbered into a deep sleep. Instead, he looked at them with his deep blue eyes, catching the sorrowful gaze of Zoráida. She sighed and turned to face him. Ashiq looked down the window, observing the lively street outside of the inn. He listened to the brawls and tune of a spontaneous guitar as laughter escaped the confinements of the sala where the customers drank and ate away. The merriment did not seem to fit the gloomy air that now expanded throughout their little room. "The Inquisition took him," Zoráida said silently after a while. "They took Hakim too," Ashiq added silently in Spanish by the window—his English only limited to some form of understanding. Edward grew cold at those words. Both Musa, father of Zoráida, and Hakim, her brother, had been good friends when he had lived briefly in southern Spain for some years. Sofia and he had even lived with the family for a few weeks upon their arrival in Malaga. "But you converted, nothing to me indicated that you would have—" "It doesn't matter if we did or not, to the inquisition we were still mudéjares ; still moors. We represent the past and they will use any excuse to cast us all out. It doesn't matter if we convert, they only call us moriscos then. We will never be one of them, even if our family has lived on these lands for centuries," Zoráida said heatedly. "What are mudéjares and moriscos?" asked Jacob, voicing the curiosity that Carlisle felt as well. "All they received was a harsh glance from both Edward and Zoráida, indicating that it was a story for another time. Zoráida looked back at Edward, taking one gloved hand in hers, squeezing it gently. Despite their situation, she was glad to see him again. "You will have to rest in this bed for at least a few days more and then rest your left shoulder and arm for another few weeks. When you start using it again, you must be wary. The wound was deep and if you put too much weight on it, it could easily reopen and get infected again," she explained. "Tomorrow you will sew it shut and then we take the next ship to Rome," Edward said, determined to not waste any more time than necessary. Zoráida frowned at his words while she packed away her equipment. "Why do you wish to sail for Rome?" Edward's lips turned into a thin line, not too keen on answering her. "His fiancée has been kidnapped, and we have set out to rescue her," Jacob explained, oblivious to the rising tension in the room. "Fiancée, eh?" Zoráida mumbled. There was a moment of uncertainty—of how she would react. Alas, soon a sad smile touched her lips, her eyes locking with his. "If you manage to save her, I wish to meet her. It would be interesting to see the woman who managed to ensnare the heart of Edward Cullen." A/N: I hope you enjoyed this first chapter. Some quick notes. Most of southern Spain was under Moorish rule for several hundred years. It played a great part on forming the Spain we know today. Mudéjares = a muslim during the Christian reconquest of the Iberian Peninsula. Moriscos = a moor in Spain converting to Christianity. *The last Moorish kingdom in Spain (they were also known as taifas after the Caliphate of Cordoba fell at the beginning of the 11 th century) was Granada and it feel to the Spanish Reconquista in 1492.