just gotten worse and worse and he can't stand up properly because he's dizzy and it hurts." "What hurts?" "I don't know- I assumed his stomach, but I don't know." "Carlisle, I need you to answer me, buddy," he instructed. "Where are you sore? What's happening now, can you tell me?" I watched him struggle to comprehend what he'd been asked. His arms tightened slightly around his waist. "Give me your arm, kid; we'll get some fluid into you." He took his hand and pushed up his sleeve, while the other paramedic produced a lure. I couldn't watch while they dug for a vein, but Carlisle didn't seem to notice at all. They attached a drip to it after forcing some form of pain killer into it, taking his temperature and recording that as well. "You're going to get up now, and we're going to take you into Accident and Emergency, alright?" the man asked. He nodded although I wasn't sure he understood, glancing up at me. They pulled him to his feet and he swayed unsteadily, threatening to pass out. "Will you be coming with him?" he asked me. I nodded, reaching for Carlisle's hand. Three hours later we were sitting in the emergency ward, surrounded by people coughing or sneezing or bleeding or crying. Carlisle was silent, cuddled into my side and resting his head on my shoulder while I sat next to him on the bed. They'd managed to bring down his temperature, meaning he was no longer delirious, and he'd stopped throwing up, but the position he continued to sit in told me he was still in pain. They'd also done multiple blood tests, trying to figure out what was wrong. A nurse came in and smiled at us. "Carlisle, love, you have to wake up. We're going to have ourselves a little chat." Her voice was enough to render him conscious again, although only just. I slid my arm around his waist, hugging him the best I could. "Am I going home?" he asked sleepily, struggling to sit up by himself. He winced like it hurt, giving up to lean against me again. "No, most defiantly not," she chuckled. "You need to stay on fluids for at least another twenty four hours," she tapped the IV line with her nail. "And then you can go home after you've kept lunch down for an hour." At the mention of lunch he tensed, briefly pressing his fingers over his mouth, before relaxing again. I squeezed his hand, tightening my hold around him slightly. The nurse just smiled. "Now, you've managed to confuse everyone a little, but the doctor has diagnosed you with both influenza and the stomach flu, so it's no wonder you're not feeling well. You're also severely dehydrated. We're going to transfer you up to the ward soon, but do you have any questions?" "What day is it..?" he asked quietly. At first I thought he was kidding but apparently it was a genuine concern. "Sunday," I told him, forcing myself to smile. "…I have to go to work tomorrow…" "Um, no. No you don't. Even if by some miracle you feel completely fine tomorrow morning, you're not going." "But-" "Carlisle, you can even stand up, let alone work. No. You're not going," I repeated, trying to scold him. He gave up, not caring anymore. "…Thank you…" "For what?" I chuckled, resting my cheek on the top of his head. "For everything, I guess." He cuddled into me further, attempting to pull his arms away from his stomach to hug me, but he couldn't manage it. "Still sore, huh?" He bit his lip and nodded, squirming slightly when I touched his side. "…Not as much, though." I smiled, unable to resist teasing him a little. "At least you're not speaking shit anymore." "Oh god, what did I say?" "That's for me to know and you to find out." Granted it wasn't anything embarrassing or something I shouldn't have known, but seeming as I had spent the good part of a day cleaning up his vomit, I was entitled to a little fun. He moaned quietly and covered his face. "Are you going to be sick?" I asked frantically. "It wasn't anything too bad, right?" he glanced up at me. I laughed at his panicked expression. "What do you consider bad?" "You suck." "I suck?" I snickered, waiting for an onslaught of abuse. "No, actually, you're the most amazing person I know. You're beautiful and I love you- shit. Fuck." He blushed and looked away. "Can we just put that down to fever or morphine or something..?" he asked quietly. "You love me?" I asked, shocked. He remained silent for the longest minute of my life. "…Yes…" he whispered shyly. "I love you too," I smiled, leaning down to kiss him. He jerked away and then hissed in pain. "D-do you want to catch whatever I have?" "I don't care, Carlisle, shut up and kiss me." He pushed me back again, attempting to get up. "Okay, okay, come back here. You owe me though," I laughed, hugging him until he lay down again. "Your temperature has come down some." He nodded. "I feel better, sort of." "You really scared me for a minute there. I'm sorry I left you alone on Saturday night." "It wasn't that bad then; I was alright until the morning," he protested. I could see him getting tired again as another round of drugs kicked in. "It's not your fault." I shook my head. "I should have stayed. You were dizzy; you shouldn't have been left by yourself." He glanced up at me. "But you're here now." I chuckled and kissed his forehead. "I guess so. Maybe next time I stay the night, it won't be because you're sick." Again he became red, but managed a shaky smile back. "Maybe not." The nurse came in again, disturbing us. "Okay, Carlisle, the doctor is here. You are going up to the ward." TBC