they wouldn't let me and What do you mean he hurt you?!" "He beat me Mummy for 9 years, I could speak until 4 years ago and I was so scared, I didn't want to live" "I'll kill him! I swear to you baby If I ever see his face again I will choke him. How dare he hurt my little boy? His own child. Especially after losing a child!" "Mummy?" "Yeah baby" "Never leave again?" "I promise, I'll never leave again" "We look funny, People are going to think we are crazy" "Why don't you let me say hello to your sister then we'll go grab some lunch, I know a nice place not far from here" I nodded and I quickly texted Esme. When she was finished we made our way down to the Cafe and ordered some food. "So tell me about yourself, I'm positive that you're different than the little boy I knew" "What do you want to know?" "What's your favourite colour?" "Green, yours?" "Red, What's your favourite food?" "I'd eat anything but broccoli" "Strange. You never used to be such a fast eater, Did those parents of yours not feed you?" "Uhm Arthur he didn't" I trailed of. "I was only joking but where you adopted? Are they good to you?" "I was adopted when I turned 15 and they love me like their own and yes they feed me" "You sure you are very thin" She joked. "Positive but I don't seem to gain weight like I should but I'm a lot better than I used to be, I weighed 3 stone when I was 12" "Holy shit. How are you alive?" I shrugged. "Next time you see your parents I want you to thank them from me, I'm so glad that they took care of you for me" "I will, Where did you go? No one could find you" "Port Angeles, Washington, I needed to escape but I wish I didn't" "No you didn't know Its fine it is no more your fault than it is mine" "So are you married?" "No dodging that one. Yes I am and she is amazing" "I'm glad to hear, Do you have any kids? Any little Williams I should know about" "Cullen, I changed my name to Cullen when I went into care and yes 2 boys Emmett and Edward. Hopefully you can meet them." "That would be great. Where do you live?" "Seattle, Washington" "Oh wow, we don't live that far from each other hopefully You can drive down sometime" "I actually am not legally aloud to drive" I said tapping my helmet. "However my wife is and we would love to come see you and you are welcome in ours at any time" We spoke for a while longer and just enjoyed each others company before I noticed the time. "Sorry but I need to be at the home for 2 to collect Alice, I'll call you later though ok and we can make arrangements" "Ok dear, Take care if yourself" "You too" We hugged before I grabbed a taxi and went to the home, I noticed that Esme and the kids were already there so I ran inside and Esme hugged me. "I was starting to get worried!" "I know, I'm sorry." "Alice is just getting her stuff so have a seat. What happened mate? You look like you've been crying?" "Boys? Why don't you help Alice with her stuff?" They nodded and ran of. "I saw him." "Williams?!" I suddenly burst into tears again, I am so bloody sick of crying. "Oh my..." Esme said putting her arms around me. "What did he say to you?" "He said I i it was all my fault and he called m me a murderer because if my s s sister" "Carlisle you were a baby! How was that your fault?!" Esme asked astounded and furious at my Father. "That's what I said but he kept insisting and he spat at me so I snapped and I shouted at him, I told him absolutely everything and I told him exactly how I felt about him. I told him he was dead to me then I left and went to the graveyard to visit my sister." "What else? You're hiding something." Dillon insisted. "I met my Mum, we went for Lunch and for a moment I felt like a young boy again, I cried in my Mummy's arms asking her why she left. She asked about what he did to me so I told her and to say she was livid is an understatement, I think if Williams was to walk through the door at that moment she would kill him." "I can imagine. From what I have heard she truly loves you bud" Dill said ruffling my hair. Esme placed a kiss on my lips and wiped my tears. "So the day wasn't all bad?" "No and sorry for the mini breakdown. I guess I was just..." "Overwhelmed?" "Yeah" "Daddy?" I heard Emmett ask from the doorway. "Yeah buddy?" "We heard crying and didn't want to come in but them Ally and Ed nominated me to see if you were ok so Are you ok?" "Yeah buddy, I'm alright now" "Why were you sad Dad?" I didn't know what to say. "Dad was sad because he had to meet the bad man and then he met his Mummy so he was just a little overwhelmed." Emmett nodded only really half understanding. "Want me to kick his ass?" "Emmett Dillon Cullen! Although I appreciate the notion I don't appreciate the language" "Sorry Dad" Dillon raised his eyebrow at me. "It's alright now go get your brother and sister. We have a plane to catch." He smiled and returned with Ed and Alice. I hugged Dillon goodbye and we went straight to the airport with the kids. For the first time in forever I wasn't scared. I wasn't anxious. I was complete and I felt free.