Well, how do you like Forks High? It's totally awesome right?" she said and began blabbering on and on about that without letting me even answer a question. And looked over at Zoey who gave me a little laugh. Well she isn't going to be any help. I let my eyes wander around the cafeteria and that's when I caught sight of them . I'm not really one to stare, but if you saw them you would stare to. I mean these people were gorgeous. There were three boys and two girls. One of the boys was absolutely ripped. I mean covered in muscle with shaggy black, curly hair. The other was tall with blonde hair. The last was lanky with a mess of bronze hair. And don't get me started on the girls. They would make Victoria Secret models feel like old hairy men. One was short with spikey black hair and a pixie like body. She was absolutely covered in smiles and was holding the guy with the blonde hair's hand. The other was tall with a waterfall of blonde hair and a perfect to die for body. She was clinging to the black haired boy's side. I can't really describe them, but they were absolutely beautiful. I's stare at them all day if it wasn't really rude and weird. I found myself saying before I could stop myself, "Who are they?" Jessica seemed a little pissed for a second that I had interrupted her until she saw who was talking about. She gave me a grin, "Those are the Cullens," she said. Cullens, eh? They don't really look much alike. At all. Except for the eyes and the snow white skin. "So the really tall one, that's Rosalie. The one next to her is Emmett. Then there is Jasper, Alice, and Edward. They are all adopted and they live with Dr. Cullen and his wife. But get this, they are all like together. Like dating each other even though they all live together. Except for Edward," she told me. Hmm, well that explains the whole not look alike thing. But they still have those eyes, which is a little odd that they all have the exact same dark color. "They moved here from Alaska two years ago," she said. I turned my head away from them and focused on my eating my food. The bell rang and I threw away my tray and followed Zoey to my next class Biology. Before we got into the class room Zoey stopped me and said, "Fair warning Edward Cullen has this class. He's also the only one without a partner. And remember, he is sort of a little weird," she said and then let me go in. The teacher, Mr. Banner, handed signed my slip back to me and sat me next to Edward Cullen just like Zoey predicted. As soon as I sat down he took a deep breath and sort of scrunched up his nose, like he just smelt something bad. Now I know it can't be me, remember I took 2 showers so I smell like a daisy. And the way he is making it so obvious is just plain rude. I don't think I like him very much, despite his insane hotness. He even started to lean away from me which made me want to hit him in his stupid head. I started to listen to Mr. Banner who had started talking about something I had already learned so I decided to take a nap, if he caught me then… oh well. I woke up just before the bell rang. Maybe it was just my sleepy brain misinterpreting things but I swear Edweird Cullen was up and out of the door in a second flat. "C'mon Sleepy Head," Zoey said, "You missed the announcement. It started snowing hard and they want to get us out before were stuck here. Meaning SCHOOL IS OUT EARLY!" she yelled and Mr. Banner shushed her. "Sorry Mr. B," she said and rolled her eyes. "Get your stuff and hit the road!" she said the pulled out a sharpie, "Oh and before I forget," she wrote a number across my arm, "that's my cell, call me whenever," she said and started to walk me to the front office. "Anyway, what you do to Cullen? Never seen him act so freakish," she said. "Nothing. He's never acted like this? I just assumed he was an ass," I said and she shrugged. "I mean he usually acts weird but today he acted weirder than usual. And a little bit rude," she said. "A little? Please, he avoided me like the plague. It was a little insulting," I told her. "Your fine. He's just weird," she said and we walked into the front office. The red haired lady was sitting quietly, glaring at the door across from her desk. Her computer was off. Ha-ha, someone's been caught. I handed her my slip and Zoey walked me to my truck. "See ya tomorrow," she said and waved goodbye. I drove over to Charlie's house. You know, maybe Forks won't be so bad. I mean, I can handle one person not liking me. Heyyyyyyy! So what do you think? I know I made it a lot like the first chapter, but I wanted to make the first chapter like the one in the book, but not completely. All rights go to stephenie Meyer! I own nothing except for Zoey. Zoey is a totally new character to the book and I promise she won't utterly change the plot, I just thought Bella should really have a best friend that is always there for her. I love the Twilight books, I do, but I really just wanted to make my own version of it, so here it is. I'm making Bella a lot less melodramatic just to let you know. I hope you like it and if you don't then go away. Comment, follow, favorite, PM me. -Sophie