other very well." Mulling that over for a moment, I listened intently as he told me about being a high school music teacher. It was fascinating to see him still so passionate about something I knew he loved so much as a kid. He interrupted my musings by asking me what I did for a living. "Well, I teach English Literature at the local high school. Did you apply there?" "I did actually, and interviewed this morning as a matter of fact." The thought of us working together, yeah, that might be interesting. When the food came, we continued with more small talk, getting to know each other type of stuff. Until he just started in on the heavy stuff. Wiping his mouth with his napkin, he looked at me with such seriousness. "What do you remember happening before I left?" he asked. I thought for a moment. "Um, I remember your mom passing away and then you leaving. It always struck me as odd that there was no funeral or anything. Considering she was such a big part of this town, I expected a huge deal. But it all seemed to go away with you." His mother volunteered at the hospital, the local shelter, and she baked for the fire and police department. Anything that had to do with public service she helped out with, and everyone knew her. She came from money and married into money, and when her husband died, she was set for life. Her volunteer work was her way of giving back. "I can see how it would look like that. The thing is her death wasn't as simple or smooth as that. Uh, the truth, yeah, the truth. The reality is, Bella, my mother didn't just die, she killed herself. Committed suicide. Everyone covered it up so it wouldn't get out, they cremated her, and I took her ashes back to Los Angeles. I hadn't been since we moved here when I was about six, but she still had a beach house there." He had his hands folded on the table and kept his head down. I leaned over to grasp his fingers and he looked up at me, tears brimming his eyes. "I'm so sorry, Edward. I didn't know. I wish I did. God, I wish I could have helped you through that." My heart broke. "Well, that's how we got to where we are, right? I didn't want help. So many feelings hit me at once and at the same time, I felt nothing at all. It was so difficult to decipher what was happening to me. When I got to L.A., I began drowning my sorrows in alcohol and drugs, which was easy to do since I knew no one there. I had no one to hold me accountable, until I went for a booze run and hit a minivan with a family in it. Thank god everyone survived, but I spent a few nights in jail for the D.U.I. (driving under the influence) charge and had to go through drug and alcohol classes. Which led to a twelve step program and a ton of therapy." "Why?" The word just slipped out of my mouth, and when I went to explain what I meant, he began speaking. "We don't know. She didn't leave a note or anything. I have no idea why she did it and I never will. I've come to terms with that by now, but for many years it's been a huge part of my pity party." He grabbed my hand tighter; he was taking strength from me like he should have all those years ago. I exhaled a huge cleansing breath. "Look, I wish I could have been there for you back then. I wish so many things, Edward, but we can't turn back the clock. So, I have a few decisions to make. Do I stay locked and focused on the past or do I allow myself to live in the present? I mean it still hurts, and it will for a long time. But I want so badly to get to know you again. You are the only man I have ever loved, and I am not letting you go a second time." He yanked my chair closer to his and held my face in his hands. His eyes bore into mine then flicked to my lips, and when I closed my eyes I felt the world melt away. The kiss was soft and sweet and much too short, but it held so much gratitude. "Thank you. I just want you to know that I left looking for something, something that would give me answers and the only thing I found in the end was that I couldn't survive without you. I don't ever want to live without you. Even when I was dead inside and lost, my soul longed for you and my heart continued to beat just for you." He pecked my lips again, still holding my face. "Thank you for giving me another chance. I know we have so much more to talk about but I'll be here willing to take whatever you decide to give me. I love you, always have." In the big scheme of things, life is too short to hold on to the hurt and pain. I didn't make him work too hard to get me back; instead, I enjoyed focusing on learning all of the new parts of him. I savored every detail he shared with me, and I shared all the new parts of me too. We missed a lot of each other's lives, and it took a long time to get to know one another again. Our experiences and hardships changed us. We weren't smooth, unblemished surfaces anymore; we were scarred over wounds. And because of that there will always be a reminder of what we went through. Those scars serve to remind us that there's never a need to look somewhere else for comfort.