up the stairs and into our room. The first room belonged to me, there was a large couch and a couple chairs all facing a king sized bed. The walls were a deep burgundy that had more a purplish tint to it than a red one. The bed had a crisp white duvet on it with pillows the same shade as the walls. On the coffee table was a basket full of some of my favorite things. My favorite book, Wuthering Heights, my favorite snacks and candies, and a letter from my dad. There was also a picture of me when I was little, my dad was crouched down in a front of me in police uniform, I had a giant cheesy five year old smile on my face and I was wearing my father's hat that was way too big and was cockeyed, covering one of my eyes. "Oh! Little Bella is so cute!" Rose squealed, I heard someone scoff, I'm assuming it was Tanya, maybe Victoria or Jessica. "Bella, you let me know whenever you need someone to come share that bed with you." James' voice sent a small shiver down my spine, but I tried to play it off. I let out a small chuckle, "Very funny James." I said, feeling Victoria glaring daggers at me. Even though we hadn't been in the house a whole day yet, she had already set her sights on James, and his obvious affection for me didn't go unseen. We made our way into Edward's room, which was decorated in green, almost the same shade as his eyes, and white as well. There was another couch in Edward's room, giving us the option of sitting in either his room or mine to talk with people. On the bedside table was basket full of Edward's favorite things and a letter from his parents. Next to the basket was a picture of little Edward, all dressed up in a baseball uniform that was covered in dirt and grass stains, Edward was looking so proud as he held up a small baseball. I smiled at the picture. Eventually people started to filter out of the room. Alice and Emmett staying behind to talk, Edward and I had both decided we already liked them. "Okay guys, so, I'm thinking alliance?" Alice said once we had settled down. Her and Emmett on the couch, Edward and I relaxing on his bed, I was popping some Raisinets in my mouth. Emmett and Edward nodded their approval, "I'm so down for that." I said with a mouthful of candy, causing Edward to chuckle while he held his hand out, silently asking for some Raisinets. I poured some in his hand as Emmett began to speak. "Definitely a good idea, I do think we should include Rosie and Jasper in on this alliance." Emmett brought up a good idea. I looked at Edward and Alice, we all nodded in approval. "Okay, I'll go talk to them since it was my idea." And with that Emmett left, bringing Rose and Jasper up with him. The next day came around and it was time for Edward and I to make our nomination. I was laying in my bed when Edward walked through the door, a bowl of cereal in his hands. "Okay, we need to figure out who we're going to nominate this week." I said, sitting up and leaning against the head board. Edward nodded, I watched as his adam's apple bobbed up and down when he swallowed. "Okay, so I'm thinking we get a weak player out first, you know try not to make enemies with any of the stronger players right off the bat. So, how about Mike and Jessica going up for eviction?" He said, plopping down on the couch. I nodded, "That's definitely a good idea, as long as next week James and Victoria don't win HoH. He gives me the fucking creeps." I said, giving a dramatic shiver. "Oh trust me, I want him out of this house just as much as you do. I don't like the way he looks or acts around you, and he's so arrogant." Edward stated, finishing off his bowl of cereal. Edward and I hung out in our HoH room a little while longer, Alice and Jasper came up to hang out and we informed them of our plan, they agreed with it, as did Rose Emmett. Around five pm, I finished my makeup and walked into Edward's room from our shared bathroom. "You ready to do this Nomination ceremony?" I asked, leaning against the doorway. Edward looked so good in a pair of coral chubbies shorts with an ivory button up shorts and a pair of Sperry boat shoes on. He turned around to look at me, and smiled as he took in my appearance. I had on a pair of skinny jeans with a simple purple tank top and some black flats. "As ready as I'll ever be." He said before we made our way out the door and down the stairs. "It's time for the nomination ceremony everyone." I said, watching as everyone made their way to the table. "There are two keys in this nomination box. Bella and I will each turn one key, revealing on the screen the pictures of the people we have decided to nominate for eviction the week. I will go first." Edward said, reaching out and turning the key in front of him, revealing Mike's picture. "I will now go." I stated, turning my key and revealing Jessica's picture. "Mike, Jessica, Edward and I have decided to nominate you guys for eviction. It is nothing personal, just what we feel is best for our game." I stated. Everyone stood up and began to hug each other. Knowing the Power of Veto competition would soon come up. Well, what do you guys think? Do you like it? If so, leave a review! I hope to have another chapter up soon! Ashley