life being heartbroken about him being gone. And don't worry about James. We'll take care of him…or die trying and if we do die…um…run like a bat out of hell." "Claudia can't run forever" Buffie protested. "No, but it's better than lying down and dying. You've beaten him before and if something happens to us you can't just give up. You have to keep fighting against him. It's not great having to look behind your shoulder all the time but at least you're living." "I'm not going to give up Holland. I promise." Holland grasped my hand and squeezed it. I got into the car and closed the door. I rolled down the window and waved goodbye. Dad started the car and we started leaving the neighborhood. "Bye everyone!" I shouted before we turned down the street. I watched them until I couldn't see them anymore. Dad grabbed my hand and gave it a squeeze. "Are you sure you're okay with this?" I nodded my head. "Yeah, I am, but you know how it is. It's never easy to say goodbye." "But you aren't saying goodbye. Saying goodbye means you are never going to see or talk to that person again. It's not goodbye." "Yeah…it's not goodbye." I repeated and felt the tears come back again. Ugh…I'm such a wimp… I started, randomly, laughing at myself. Dad couldn't resist my laughter and started laughing as well. "Now, I know we've talked about which way we are going but I've been thinking and I think we should have a bit of a mini-vacation while we're on the road. We won't get much of a chance after we move in." "Sounds good Dad." # Over a thousand miles away… # There was a small girl sitting on a stool painting something on a large blank canvas. She was very small for her age and her hair was styled in a short pixie cut. She reached for a thick brush and dipped it in black paint. She started at the bottom and worked her way to the top. Drawing what she was picturing in her mind. She dropped the brush and picked up a smaller one. The image in her mind was petite and soft so she couldn't use the big brush. She had her eyes closed and drew the exact same image that appeared in her mind. When she dropped the brush the canvas was covered with the drawing of a young girl. The small girl opened her eyes and studied the picture before suddenly screaming with joy. "SHE'S FINALLY COMING! CARLISLE! SHE'S COMING! SHE'S COMING!" The small girl got up from the stool and ran downstairs until she found the other people in her family. She started jumping around like a Mexican jumping bean and the rest of her family shared a similar concern for her well-being. "SHE'S COMING! I SEE HER COMING, SHE'S COMING NOW, AND SHE'LL BE HERE IN A FEW DAYS." The small girl ran up to a particular boy with copper colored hair and took his hand. The boy didn't know what to say or think as the small girl kept jumping around. "SHE'S COMING EDWARD! SHE'S FINALLY COMING! I SAW HER COMING JUST NOW!" The boy was at a loss for words. "Who's coming Alice?" He finally asked. Alice stopped jumping around and nearly burned through his head with her stare. "What do you mean who's coming!?" The boy opened his mouth but no words came out. Alice glared at him and he apologized, "I'm sorry Alice but you've been telling us so much stuff in the last couple of days…" Alice groaned. "YOUR MATE IS COMING EDWARD. I TOLD YOU ABOUT HER WEEKS AGO. SHE'S FINALLY COMING AND YOU'LL FINALLY HAVE SOMEONE AND YOU WON'T BE ALONE ANYMORE." "Oh…" was all Edward could say. There was a brief silence before Edward started to smile. "So…she's really coming?" "Yes, Edward. You haven't read my mind already?" There was another brief pause. Edward's smile got larger and he started to chuckle. "I guess I should get ready then." Alice gapped, "OF COURSE YOU HAVE TO GET READY. SHE'S WAITING FOR YOU AND YOU HAVE TO GET YOUR ACT TOGETHER!" Carlisle and a large man laughed at her excitement. "Oh, before I forget, Esme, you need to make a pie" Alice turned towards an older, but still young, woman with dark brown hair. "What kind of pie?" Esme asked. Alice thought for a moment. "Blueberry" Alice said finally. "I haven't made a pie in very long time." Esme said getting up from the couch. A younger looking girl with golden blonde hair got up with her. "I'll help you." Alice started jumping again and took Carlisle's hand. "Aren't you excited?" Carlisle smiled, "of course I am. There's no one here who's more excited than me that Edward's mate is finally here." "Then show it a little. You don't look excited." "Trust me Alice; he's practically beaming." The large man said with a chuckle. "Oh, you wouldn't understand Emmett. Guys don't love like girls do." "Oh yeah we do. We don't love easy but when we do; we love hard." Emmett got up and went into another room. Alice just shrugged, "I can't disagree with that I guess." The phone suddenly rang. Alice smiled instantly and started jumping again. "IT'S MY JAZZY! HE'S CALLING FROM PETER'S" She quickly picked up the phone and went into another room. Carlisle just laughed and shook his head. "There's nothing better than family." TO BE CONTINUED… (A/N): First chapter done. I will be working the second one immediately but I don't have a clear date as to when it'll come out but it won't be as long as my other stories waiting time. I promise. I hoped you enjoyed this and please, any type of reviews are helpful so I can write better for you. Without much else to say I will say adieu and I hope you have a nice day. -ItsukoAkatsuki