so often and on special occasions I would let the resident fashionistas do it. "Okay, Rose, I told Allie nothing to crazy, this isn't the time for wild eyeshadow and winged eyeliner reaching to oblivion." Both of just rolled their eyes at me and nodded, brushing my words of with nonchalant hand waves. Thankfully, after about half an hour of beating my face and tugging at my hair I was finished and ready for the party. Rose had managed to let my hair fall in loose soft waves and Alice kept the makeup under control. A little bit of rose gold eyeshadow, subtle winged eyeliner and of course mascara. She had only applied a light foundation and powder to my face, but made sure to add some blush and high light to my cheeks. The look was finished off with pink nude lipstick with a matte finish. By the time they had finished with me and they were ready it was almost nine. We hustled our way downstairs and grabbed some semi-warm pizza, shoveling it down our mouths and cleaning up any evidence it existed before guests started showing up. Just a few minutes after the party was scheduled to start the first few guests piled in and they were immediately ushered into the basement where I had turned my party playlist on. Lolly by Maejor Ali began blaring through the speakers as more people poured into the basement from the stairs. I quickly mixed myself a vodka sunrise, a little heavy on the vodka and took a big swig. Alice opened the sliding door that led out to the backyard so that the basement wouldn't get to packed. I took another swig of my drink when I saw Mike Newton heading my way. He was a nice enough guy, just really had a thing for and apparently couldn't take a hint. It also might not help that I let him drink beer from between my tits at a party once, that's beside the point though. "Wassup sweet thang." His eyes couldn't stay focused on my face for more than a few seconds without traveling to the heart shaped outline underneath my shirt. Don't get me wrong, I put them in there for people to notice, but at least look at me when you talk and then you can go back to staring. "Hello Mike." I attempted to fake enthusiasm at seeing him. It didn't work. He didn't notice. He kept talking. "So, I was thinking, if you're free tomorrow night, maybe I take you out to dinner and then see if some chemistry ignites later." Dear god. I was thinking of a way to nicely let him down when the booming voice of a new neighbor greeted me, effectively coming to my rescue. Emmett and Edward walked up to the bar where I stood with Mike. Emmett had a brick of Budweiser tucked under his arm and Edward strolled along next to him. Still looking just as good if not better than he had before. He had changed from his ratty old jeans and t-shirt, which had obviously been moving clothes, into a pair of dark blue jeans and a blue Henley t-shirt. "Hey guys, glad you could make it. Emmett, you can put that brick back here." I said, motioning to the counter behind me. "Guys, this is Mike Newton, he lives a couple streets over. Mike these are our new neighbors, Emmett and Edward Cullen." I pointed to each of them respectively. Mike had almost had a look of jealousy on his face until I said their names and then it was like a lightbulb had gone off in his head. "Hey guys! Nice to meet you, it's wonderful that a new gay couple has moved into the neighborhood!" Oh my god. Numb nuts thought they were gay. Edward's face paled a little bit and Emmett's lit up like a Christmas tree. I groaned and covered my face with my hands, this could only end badly. "Why shucks cutie pie, it's just so nice to meet someone so supportive of our love." I dropped my hands at the sound of Emmett's now bad impression of a gay voice. He had wrapped his arms around Edward's shoulder, causing Edward to freeze. "Isn't that ride Eddie-Poo." I snorted as I tried hide my laughter. Edward looked at me, his eyes begging for help. "Right, uh, well it was nice to meet you guys. Bella, I'll come for an answer to my question later." And with that Mike bounded off, no doubt to find some other girl to hit on. Once he left I burst into laughter and Edward tore his brother's arms off him. "Emmett what the hell?!" "Oh, Eddie-Poo, let's not have a lover's quarrel in our new neighbor's house." Emmett bashfully tapped Edward's shoulder and batted his eyelashes at him, I laughed even harder at the sight. I could see the slightest bit of a smile playing at the corners of Edward's mouth. Emmett blew Edward a kiss before prancing, saying something about finding a blonde goddess. My best guess was he wanted to find Rose. Edward turned to me, leaning forward on the bar. "I'm sorry about him, he can be a little much sometimes." He chuckled and shook his head. I waved it off as I poured myself another vodka sunrise. "Alright Mr. Cullen, pick your poison!" I said, gesturing to assortment of liquors. He chuckled and thought about it for a second. "Just a simple rum and coke will do. Sailor Jerry if you have it." I nodded and grabbed the two ingredients, mixing him a drink and handing it to him. Just then we heard Emmet call our names out, challenging us to beer pong against him and Rose. I looked at Edward and raised my eyebrows. "You better bring your A game Cullen, I never go down without a fight." Alright, so what did you think of the first chapter? xo, Ash