them. You have been so good for me these last fifteen years of us being together. Speak your mind just this once." "I look at these paintings and I admire the beauty within them. But there are no paintings of us together. It is just me alone. Our mating could not survive without you in it Edward." "And you wish for a painting of us both in it?" "Yes Edward." "The point of these paintings Bella is that anyone who was to pass through our home would see that I am proud to call you my mate. You belong to me and they will see that. Plus you are truly stunning. Any vampire would love to have you by their side. But you are mine. And I'm going to show you off to everyone we meet." "I understand Edward." "But you still want a painting of us?" "Yes Edward." "Well. Perhaps it's time we did have a painting of us both done." "Really Edward?" "An old friend of mine could paint us. He wouldn't dare to try and steal you from me, so we can trust him. I'll ring him right now and see when he could come over." "Thank you Edward. I'd like to repay you for this Edward." "And how would you do that my Bella?" Turning round in his arms, I pressed my lips to his. I dropped my hand between us and cupped his erection behind his boxers. "Would you like a fashion show Edward?" "I was rather enjoying the sight of my mate in this beautiful nightgown. It may cover much of her skin, but I can see every bit of her. Maybe we will save this nightgown for another time then. I do enjoy a fashion show." He scooped me up and sprinted to our closet. After he'd made a phone call, I came out in a selection of lingerie for his pleasure. Each time he lay back and let me please him. By the time we could hear his old friend approaching, we'd gone through six different pieces. I wrapped myself in a short silk robe and Edward was in one of his best pairs of boxers. We were both sat in the lounge downstairs, my hands in his. As his friend approached the door, my mate rose to greet him. I listened carefully, my breathing halted. "Jasper, so good to see you again." "You too Edward. Looking a lot better now than when I last saw you. What was that, 20 years ago?" "Yes, it has been a long time hasn't it." "And you have a mate now. Are you sure you want me to meet her? You are both still in the earlier phases of the mating bond." "No, it's fine. Come in. She's in here." Their footsteps grew closer before they both appeared in the doorway. I stood instantly, my head bowed to them both. Edward took my hand in his, pulling me into his chest. "Jasper this is my mate." "She's a beautiful thing isn't she?" "Of course. And she's all mine." Lifting my chin, he pressed his lips to mine in showing. With my head bowed again, I stepped further into his chest. "And what is your name?" "Isabella Sir." "Well Isabella, it's a pleasure to finally meet Edward's mate. Now I've only got a few hours before I have to head out. I'm heading back down to Texas to meet some old family. But I couldn't resist coming over when I heard from you Edward." "I couldn't think of anyone better to call than you Jasper. You wouldn't dare to steal my mate, no matter how beautiful and desirable." We started the ascent up the stairs, Jasper looking at each of the paintings as we passed. Edward had set up the bedroom with a large easel and board. I dropped the robe to the floor and lay back on the chaise lounge. Jasper had his back turned, preparing the paints. My mate removed his boxers, revealing his prominent erection. Resting behind me, he wrapped one arm underneath me. His arm covered both my nipples whilst still showing off my tits. His other hand parted my thighs as he slid into me. Leaning down to me, he placed his lips to my neck as if biting me. Opening my eyes, I saw Jasper sitting down behind the board. He studied Edward and I before starting on the painting. It was a struggle to stay still and not move within my mate. He showed no signs of struggle. And so I couldn't either. Holding my breath, I focused on a spot on the wall and didn't move my eyes away from it. It took two hours for Jasper to finish the painting. Once he had finished, he left the room immediately. I found out why as soon as the door closed behind him. Edward fucked me true and proper. As soon as he finished, he stood up and pulled his boxers back on. Leaving me, he didn't look back at me whilst he left the room. I too stood and dressed in the silk bathrobe again. Following my mate downstairs, I found him biding his friend goodbye. "You will have to visit again in a few years Jasper. It would be good to hear some of your new tales. Maybe you'll find your mate soon." "Perhaps. But I struggle to see how anyone could be more beautiful than your Isabella. Thank you for letting me meet her." "I thought it was about time for her to meet someone new. See how she responds." "And how's she done?" "Perfectly. I'll be rewarding her later." Jasper left only seconds later. And just as Edward had said, he rewarded me for the next five weeks. My new way of life was better than I'd ever expected it to be. I couldn't imagine going back to the life of solitude I'd had before I had met my mate. Without him, I'd be nothing.