But there appears to have been a mix up when you were given this room tonight. There is a couple downstairs that are waiting for this room. We've offered them an upgraded room due to the mix up but they have refused. It is a mistake that is down to our server. I would like to offer you and your girlfriend two nights in the Presidential Suite. No extra cost and we'll have free room service sent to you in the morning." Turning to me, Edward sighed and nodded. "Sure. We'll both come to the lobby in a couple minutes." "Of course. Thank you for being so understanding Mr Cullen." He bowed his head before walking away. Edward slammed the door closed behind him. Huffing in frustration, he sat on the edge of the bed in front of my stomach. I sat up and curled into his back. Pressing my lips to his broad shoulder, I ran my hands down his pecks. "Can we stay in bed all day tomorrow? I think we both need some sex therapy after all these interruptions." That cheered him up a little. He wrapped his arms around me and pulled me round onto his lap. As my legs were under the duvet, it was awkward to pull me round so I ended up lying on my back across his lap. My breasts were on show having slipped out of the duvet. "That sounds like a brilliant idea my love. But for now, we need to get dressed again and leave." I leaned up and pressed my lips to his. He hummed into my kiss before pulling away. We both slipped into our clothes again and he grabbed my bag. After sorting out the mix up with the rooms we made our way back up the elevator, this time to the top floor. With a quick glance around the massive room, my dress was on the floor along with my underwear. I wasn't going to let it go down that route again where he'd stay dressed. Spinning around, I yanked at his clothes until they were all on the floor along with mine. We stared lustfully at each other before I pulled him over me on the king sized bed. His knees held my thighs apart as he lined himself up with me. Panting heavily, I gripped the clean sheets below us. He leaned against his hands on either side of my head and stared down it me. "No more interruptions." Grinning, I nodded frantically. "No more interruptions." He pushed into me causing us both to sigh. I shifted my hips up to his and groaned at the contact. Turning my head to the side I placed my lips to his wrist. Pulling out of me, he abruptly thrust back in and started up a fast paced rhythm. I was so wound up from everything that happened today that it didn't take long before I was on that almighty precipice again. He flung his head back and grunted in exasperation. We both were desperate for our release. Reaching up, I scratched my nails over his pecks and nipples making him shiver in pure delight. This was the catalyst for everything that happened afterwards. He squirted his cum deep in to my hilt, pushing me over the edge. His forehead rested against mine as he rocked his hips to mine, burying himself deeper and deeper inside me. Having calmed down, he held my hips and moved me into the middle of the large bed. My head rested into the pillows, my hair sprawled across them in a fan. Edward ran his hands up and down my sides, before cupping my breasts. I moaned softly, my fingers running into his hair. Bending my knees, I had him trapped between my legs, right where he was still buried inside me. He's so big width and length ways that he always makes me feel completely full without it being uncomfortable. Instead of pulling out of me, he joined his lips to mine and began to rock gently against me. We'd got past the first stage of lust that had built up inside of us. But now it was about our love for each other. His nose rubbed against mine as he played with the hair on top of my head. The kiss we shared was so… Loving. I didn't think it would ever end. I didn't want it to end. He rolled against me, his body fitting with mine perfectly. Moaning into his lips, I fell apart whilst screaming his name. My scream was muffled into his mouth as he stroked my thigh to help me cumming. I milked him over and over, every one of my muscles tense until I was finished. I lay panting, my fingers massaging the back of his head. With one final push into me, he exploded inside me, only throwing me over the edge again. When he pulled out of me, he collapsed to the bed beside me, both satiated for now. I rolled over, curling into his side. Glancing at the clock on the night stand, an automatic yawn escaped my lips. It was after midnight already. Edward pulled the duvet back and nestled us both underneath it. I lay both my hands on his pecks as his wound around my waist, resting on the small of my back. My head settled into the pillows and he pecked the tip of my nose. "Sleep my love. We have all day together." "I love you." "As I love you." And finally, with no more interruptions, I fell asleep in the arms of the best boyfriend in the world. From the moment I woke up the next morning, to the moments of falling asleep that night, I was tangled in the arms of my one true love. Being loved and pushed into the pleasurable stratosphere that only he could take me to. Young love is a beautiful thing. And silence is almost as good.