bookshelf that would stop it's movements. Neither cared at the time that the school was still full of teachers. All students having departed and some teachers, the day for the rest was still far from over. Especially Miss Swan and her student Edward Cullen. Both were teetering on the edge of release but neither wanted to fall first. A result in which their time together was lengthened. Neither worried about a loss of energy. Edward was well equipped to go on for hours. His six pack was proof. In some ways it was much like a workout but for his dick. Lowering onto his elbows, his head hung beside hers. She could feel his breath fanning across her neck and shoulder. It only exhilarated her further. Both knew their release needed to come soon. The pain of not reaching what they needed most in that moment had kicked in. Leaning close to her ear, he let out a gentle breath. "You are beautiful Miss Swan." Clutching the table below her, Miss Swan fell apart. With her release first he felt a sense of power over her. It didn't mean anything when he shattered above her mere moments after. He continued to plough into her, helping both with the immense pleasure that was bottled up inside. As her second wave died, his first came to an end. Pulling out of her, he collapsed beside her. Neither could speak as their breathing was somewhat erratic. When she'd calmed down, she climbed off the desk and pulled her dress back on. She threw him his clothes. Sitting up, he slowly started to pull the on. "Where do you want to go to school next year Edward?" "Dartmouth. Why?" "You know how I'm leaving?" He nodded a little sadly. Everyone was upset about the hottest teacher leaving. "I'm going to teach at Dartmouth." Hope began to well up inside him. Maybe he could make this a regular thing next year. It would be easy to meet up with her wherever she would be staying. "If you want to make this somewhat regular, let me know. Just think about it for a while." "I'd like that Miss Swan." Sitting on the edge of the table, she crossed her ankles over. He stood in front of her, now dressed, and placed his hands on her knees. "You are beautiful Miss Swan." "Thank you Edward. You don't have to lie anymore though." He frowned. "You are beautiful though Miss Swan. That's part of the reason every guy in this school wants to fuck you. You're beautiful." She started to blush bright red. Looking away from him, when she flicked her eyes back up his head was closer to hers. He tipped his head up and gently cupped her cheek. With his lips just an inch from hers, she could taste his breath on the tip of her tongue. A loud knock on the locked door startled both of them apart. She jumped off the desk and moved to the door. Unlocking it quickly, she pulled it open. "Bella, are you alright? I heard a noise and thought I should see what was going on." "I'm fine thanks Daniel. Mr Cullen was just helping me move my desk. It's for one of my classes tomorrow." He looked in and saw Edward leaning against the end of the desk. Giving a small wave and tip of the head, he greeted the teacher. "Mr Goodwell." "Evening Edward. Detention again?" "That's right." All teachers knew that Edward was almost always getting detention from Miss Swan. None of the could understand why. He bid a goodnight to Miss Swan and Mr Cullen before leaving them be to return to his classroom. Closing the door over, she leaned her back against it. Edward had moved over to her. His hand slid across her jaw and turned her head up to his. Not a breath later and his lips were pressed to hers. The kiss was soft and gentle, nothing like what they had just done. He tilted his head to the side causing his nose to brush against hers. His lips were soft against hers. Almost loving. Taking her top lip between his, she moaned a melodic sound. Her mind was blank as she begged for the feel of his lips against hers. If she thought him fucking her was amazing, she didn't know how to explain the feel of his lips on hers. They moulded to hers perfectly. His smooth lips that slipped between hers tasted delicious. He tried to focus on moving his lips with hers but couldn't. The feel of her lips made his brain foggy. With his eyes closed, all he could see was her lips. He'd kissed girls before; girls his own age. Kissing this woman was nothing like them. She was only 24, six years older than him but he could tell the difference. Her lips held maturity. They moved against his with precision and care. He had to stop though. He never would if he didn't soon. He forced his lips from hers only to stumble backwards. Gripping the edge of the desk, he turned away from her. She stayed leaning against the door, trying to control her breathing. "Edward. Edward kiss me again." Throwing herself forwards, she turned him round and gripped his cheeks. His hands held her waist. Hers wound into his hair. Their lips moved together in a rhythmic motion. Both hoped it was the start of a new form of relationship between them. A relationship that would spark a new beginning for the two of them. "You need to go home Mr Cullen. Detention is over." "Okay. I'll see you in class tomorrow Miss Swan." "We'll talk about things in detention tomorrow Mr Cullen. Don't forget that we'll be redoing that assignment of yours." "Yes Miss Swan." He opened the door, ready to leave. The last thing said between them on that day came from him. "Thank you Miss Swan. For everything."