down on the couch. Not once did their lips break contact. He nestled his knees between her bent legs, his hands supporting him. As their lips battled for dominance, he led himself to her entrance. She moaned into the kiss because of his length rubbing against her slit. Leaning onto his elbows, he pushed deep inside her. Not realising that he'd shattered a barrier, he froze in shock. Mouth wide open and her body recoiled in pain; a few tears ran down her cheeks. "God. Bella I'm so sorry. Shit. I didn't mean to. God, I didn't know you were a virgin. I should have asked." Deep breaths in and out helped her calm down. He held as still as possible whilst playing with her hair, trying to distract her a little. She placed her hand on the back of his head. Tangling her fingers round his hair, she soothed him. Whilst he'd been pecking her throat, he hovered over her face. "It's okay Edward. I wanted you to be the one to take my virginity. I should have told you though. I'm alright now though. It was obvious this would happen eventually anyway." Pulling at his hair, she shifted her hips a little. Both moaned loudly. "I'll tell you what babe. You give me this now and I'll give you a blowjob whenever you want. Just give me a booty call. I'm more than willing to suck you off anytime." Crooked grin, closed eyes and head dropped forward, he reminisced when she was on her knees in front of him. He didn't want to make her think him controlling. "You don't need to do that Bella. Don't ever think that you need to do anything for me. You owe me nothing." "I want to do this for you Edward. I loved sucking you off. You loved it too; my lips around your big juicy cock. First, you need to pump me with that fucking cock of yours." He began to nip at her collarbone as he pulled out of her. Pushing straight back into her, the breath left her lips in a large gust. With his body lowered against hers, every time he thrust into her his pelvis slid along hers. He was too long to completely fit inside of her but it didn't matter. The bottom of his penis rubbed at her uncovered clit. Arching her back again, she slowly tempted his head down to her boobs. Only too willing to comply, he started to suck and bite her nipple whilst his hand palmed her other roughly. There was so much going on for the both of them that neither could think straight. He moved in an aggressive way but it didn't hurt. Whatever he did only made the experience so much more enjoyable for both. Pumping inside of her by pulling all the way out before sliding all the way back in, he sped up very quickly. His elbows back beside her head, he left her body alone as he grunted again and again and again. Focusing on her tight pussy that he was pounding into, he was desperate for the release he knew was coming. He knew that Bella's release was coming. He could feel her muscles tensing and loosening around him resulting in him being pulled in further. Teetering on the edge, she lifted her hips off the couch only to completely shatter around him. She moaned as she rocked her hips upwards, pushing him over the precarious edge. Their hot cum mixed together. Both were seeing fireworks. Neither had ever felt this way before and needed the euphoria to never end. Burying himself deep inside her, they rode out the pleasure coursing through them for five minutes solid. Exhausted, he cautiously pulled out of her and collapsed beside her. They lay, catching their breath. On his side, he placed his hand on her breast. Turning her head to the side, looking him in the eye, she smiled softly. "If I buy an apartment for College, would you live with me? I have looked at a couple apartments and small houses. There was a nice two bedroom house that I saw that I'd like you to live in with me. I know that the end of High School is supposed to have goodbyes but I can't say goodbye to you. I love you Bella. It would be nice to call you my wife but I'm too young and we haven't had that sort of relationship yet. That doesn't mean that we won't ever get married if you want to. Let's just start with living together. You're my best friend and I can't lose you." She loved how nervous and cute he looked. She also loved his hand on her boob. She had loved him for a long time but had been too scared to admit it. She had drooled over his body many times. She had imagined him naked several times and it would distract her all the time. She had planned grand ways of telling him of her love. She had never carried through with her plans because of his constant reminders of them being best friends. It didn't matter now though. "When you say two bedrooms? I hope that I won't be alone in a room. There must be one bedroom that is at least a double bed." "King sized actually." Trailing her hand over his chest, she cuddled closer to him. "Wouldn't you be quite lonely all by yourself in that big bed?" "I hope not if my girlfriend is with me every night." She frowned at first, contemplating what he'd said. When realisation hit her smack in the face she grinned like the Cheshire cat. "Girlfriend?" "You know you are Bella." He leaned over her and brought his lips to hers. In a heat of passion and love, he pushed her to the brink of pleasure. Just before she fell asleep that night, he whispered in her ear. "Best birthday ever."