aroused at the sight of her. Patting the side of the bed, she shook her hips as she made her way over to him. She slid into the bed, her hand lying on his bare chest. "You are so beautiful Bella." He lowered his lips to hers and held her small waist. Pulling her closer, he slid his hand down her leg. He cupped the back of her knee and brought it closer to his body. Smoothing her skin with his soft fingers, he ran his hand under the nightgown hem. She moaned loudly against his lips. With his hand under the material, he raised it higher and higher until he slid it over her rounded bottom. They kissed and explored each other's bodies with their hands for a long time but never removed each other's night clothes. The agreement of no sex in that moment hadn't been spoken but both were more than happy with what they were doing. It was late when they both calmed down. Bella lay on her front, her arms tucked under her head on the pillow. Edward was on his side next to her, tracing his fingers round her spine. She was so calm and relaxed but she didn't want to sleep. Not yet. "Do you want a long or short engagement?" "Well, I would prefer a short one, but I don't mind. If you want to be my fiancé for a longer time then you will." "If I say short, how long do you think it will be before I can be your wife?" He leaned in to peck her lips. She moved her lips with his before he pulled away. "I think I may know someone who can plan our wedding in two months." "Really?" "Yeah. I'd rather be your husband than your fiancé." "Who?" "I think you'll find Alice has been excited to plan our wedding for the last two years. She has connections that should get our wedding planned quickly. Anything else we can find ourselves." "What about financing? I know my parents will want to pay for a lot of the wedding but I don't want them to." "Actually, I've already had this conversation with both our parents. We had an agreement. Both my parents and yours argued for ages before they came up with this agreement so you can't lose. Plus the money has already been banked and set aside." "What have you done Edward?" "Your parents paid for this house. It's not rented, they bought it for us. My parents are paying for the whole wedding. In my defence, I did try to say no. Neither listened to me." She sighed. There was nothing she could do now. Plus it was really nice of them to do that. At least they didn't have to have one of those cheap, budget weddings. "I guess that was nice of them." "I'm glad you've accepted Bella. Why don't you ring Alice and ask her to plan our wedding?" "Won't she be in bed?" "I doubt it. She's been on at me about starting to plan our wedding. I told her she could once I'd proposed. Sleep won't get in her way." "Okay. Can you get my phone from the bathroom please?" "Of course my fiancée." When he'd returned with her phone, she speed dialled her soon-to-be sister. She picked up halfway through the first ringtone. "Bella, I've already got some of the perfect ideas for your wedding. I was thinking about a big wedding at our house with everyone from school. I'll plan you both the perfect reception and ceremony. I promise." "Wait a minute Alice." "Yes Bella." "I haven't even asked you to plan our wedding yet." "Oh. Sorry. I'm just so excited. You and my brother are just so perfect together and I want you to have the perfect wedding. If you want someone else to plan it, that's fine. It's your wedding." "Thank you Alice. I have a question for you?" "Sure. What is it?" "Will you plan our wedding?" "Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Oh. Thank you so much Bella. You won't regret it. I promise." "I do have a few conditions the Alice." "Of course. Anything you want Bella." "Edward and I get the final say in everything. From the venue, to the dress, to the vows, to the cake, to the centre pieces, to the colours, to the…" "Okay. I get it Bella. I won't let you down." "And I was thinking. My maid of owner…" "Yeah." Her voice had increased in pitch. "Do you remember Leah from the Res? We were great friends a couple years back." "Oh. Okay. I suppose I'll ring her tomorrow. She should be involved with the planning then." "Thank you so much Alice. I know you won't let me down." "Of course not Bella. I'll talk to you tomorrow. Goodnight." "Oh. One more thing Alice." "Yes Bella." "Well. Now that I think about it, you've been my best friend for the last three years. Would you like to be my maid of honour?" She screamed down the line. She had been crushed when not considered for maid of honour. "I'll take that as a yes then. Goodnight Alice." She was still screaming and mumbling excited plans to not hear her goodbye. Hanging up, Bella grinned up at her fiancé. Cupping his cheek, she rolled over onto her back. His hand rested on her stomach as she pulled his head down to hers. "I can't wait for us to say I do." "I'm going to make you say those two words as often as possible. You do want to marry me don't you Bella?" "I do." "And I do." What a perfect Valentine's Day. Their lives were only going to get better from here. -x- Iwishiwherebellaswan xxx Love is when that special someone kisses you. Love is having someone to talk to. Love is being romantic on that one day. Love is happiness that is shown day after day