I supported her by doing the same thing. You could see my bones just protruding through my pale skin. Edward stood behind me, his hands on my waist. He ran his hands around my body, the towel soaking up the water. Taking the top of the towel into his fingers, he opened it up and dropped it to the floor. His hands slipped down my stomach and parted my thighs. Bending his knees, he pulled himself up into me. "Edward…" My voice was wispy. Both his arms were wrapped around me, one hand on my breast, the other reaching down to my clit. I puffed my chest out, laying my head back on his shoulder. He rubbed circles on my clit and thrust his hips forward in time with the circles. Every time he did thrust forward he hit my g-spot straight on the head. On the verge of release, I opened my mouth wide. "Fuck." I milked him roughly. He buried himself into me and shot his cum deep into me. His thirteen inches pulled from me, our cum dripping from me to the floor. Moving his hands onto my hips, he slowly led me back into the bedroom. I lay in the middle of the bed on my stomach. "Just relax." He started at my ankles, running his fingers around every inch of my skin. As he worked his way up my legs, I expected him to jump to my back but he massaged the pads of his fingers into my ass. My core heated up and I felt my wetness pool in on the comforter. Edward must have realised as he slapped my ass and pushed my legs apart a little. He lifted one of my hips up to turn me on my side. Putting his knee between my legs, his other came halfway up my back. He slid himself into me. My narrowed legs made him feel even wider but he could fit more of his length inside me. It didn't take long before I whimpered my release. Edward didn't cum. I whimpered again as he pulled out of me and lay me back on my front. He continued the massage he had been giving me. When he finished, he took my hand. On my feet, he ran his eyes over me. "I thought you might need some clothes, so I took the liberty of having someone buy some for you. Just enough for you to wear in the cab home." "Edward, you shouldn't." "No. I was the one to insist you stay the night. You haven't got anything to wear but your dress." "Thank you." He lifted a bag from the table with our wine glasses on and placed it by my feet. "I'll leave you to dress." Once I'd pulled the clothes on, I sighed. They must have been very expensive. They felt it. When he stepped back into the room, I looked at him pointedly. "These are too expensive Edward. I can't keep them." "I thought you wouldn't like them but I can assure you, they are all from a charity shop." "Really? Oh my God. But they are some of the top designers." "Sometimes you just have to look that extra bit hard for the best." "Thank you Edward." He put his hands on the tops of my arms and looked me over. It was a tight fitting blue dress that cut off just above my knees. The neckline was lined with a gold bar all the way around. It was very classy but completely unsuitable for the daytime. Then there were the shoes. Slick, smooth leather ankle boots. I love them. They are perfect. "You look amazing Bella. Blue is definitely your colour." Tilting my chin up, he pressed his lips to mine. We swayed side to side as if dancing, like last night. "So, I'm staying in town until Friday. I was wondering if you wanted to go to dinner with me at some point." "I'd like that. I'd like that a lot." "I'm pleased." His finger ran through my hair, pushing it over the side of my shoulder. "On Friday evening I'm catching a flight out to Paris for a business trip. Would you give me the company and come with me?" "What sort of company?" "Not for sex if that's what you mean. I've always been lonely on these trips. You'd just have to sit with me for breakfast and dinner. I'll book a separate hotel room for you. During the day you can explore the city and go shopping and do whatever you want. I'll pay for everything. And all you have to do is give me a little company in the morning and evening." "No sex?" "No. Not if you don't want to." "We'll go for one hotel room then. But I'm not saying we'll do it every night." "Of course not. Whatever you want Bella." I pecked his lips and stepped away from him. "I really should go now. But I'll text you when I'm free. I really do want to see you again." Walking towards the door, I hit my palm to my forehead. "My purse. I left it downstairs last night." "I had someone pick it up this morning. Be safe my Bella." "Thanks. I'll talk to you later." Leaving the hotel room, I closed the door over and leaned against it. Oh my God. What the hell am I doing? What the hell did I do? I've never done anything like this before. Never. But Edward's so handsome. He's so kind, caring, generous. He's just amazing. I can't believe I hadn't met him sooner. But sometimes these things have their own ways of figuring themselves out. I know that I want this to work out. I want Edward to be my one. And I think he wants me to be the one too. His one. All that stress and frustration Alice's wedding put me through, maybe it was worth it after all.