to find out what it was because he'd kept it hidden. Giving it to Bella, he pecked the top of her head. She carefully unwrapped the paper. In her hands was a square black leatherette box. Opening it up, she gasped quietly. Inside the box nestled a delicate pendant necklace. It was the Cullen Crest. She threw her arm around his neck. Tilting his head to the side, he brought his head close to hers. "You are the only one in the room without a Cullen Crest. You are a part of this family and you always have been. I love you. I want you to be my family. Maybe one day we will get married like Rose and Emmett did. For now, we're going to start exploring our new relationship. We're going to be us. This is for you now Bella. You are a Cullen for the rest of your life even if your name is still Swan." "It's beautiful Edward. Thank you. I love you so much." Closing the short distance between them, he pulled her bottom lip between his lips. Their watching families, cheered and clapped as they saw them kiss. It had only been a matter of time before they got together and they all knew that. She buried her face in the crook of his neck as a few tears escaped her eyes. He shifted her onto his lap and cradled her to his body. The necklace box rested on her lap between them. "You are so beautiful baby. Love is special when it is true. All I think about is you. You are always in my mind. All the worries and sadness are left behind. I love you baby. You will always be in my heart." Her tears continued to fall as her fingers played with his hair. They stared into each other's eyes. Their family around them were smiling and whispering about them. None of them could hear any of what Edward had said to her, but it wasn't hard to guess. Shutting the box, he tucked it between them before standing up with her in his arms. Neither acknowledge those around them as he carried her up to his room. Laying her down on his bed, he moved the necklace box and locked his door. He crawled over her and lowered his lips to hers. Holding her hips to the bed, he lay his hips over hers. The hard length beneath his pants rubbed against her core. His lips dropped to her heaving chest. "Baby. I love you and I want you. Let me be the one to take your virginity and you can have mine. I want… No, I need to make love to you." "Make love to me then. I need you too." He popped the button on her jeans quickly. Hooking his fingers under her top, he started to slide it up her body. Her fingers combed through his hair as he kissed at her revealed stomach. She arched her back to pull her top over her head and drop it to the floor. Swiftly unclipping the back of her bra, he threw it over his shoulder. He'd seen her naked before but never thought much of it, not until now. His lips ghosted over her perky right nipple causing her to moan. Surrounding her areola with his lips, he sucked it gently. The soft skin felt heavenly against his tongue. He used his fingers to inch her jeans down her legs and off her feet. Sitting up, he threw his shirt to the floor. In time his pants were on the floor as well, leaving them both in their underwear. With her eyes half open, she lifted her foot to lay it over his package. She roughly rotated her foot against him resulting in a long moan. Bending her knees, he nestled between her legs and brought his lips back to hers. Their lips moved together lovingly as their arms interlocked whilst they pushed the other's underwear down their legs. Naked, he started to run his rigid length along her slit. Throughout, they both moaned into the others mouth. Both his hands palmed her breasts, keeping her pinned to the bed. Ready, he slid into her a little way before breaking her barrier. Her back arched off the bed and her lips opened. There was a small amount of pain so he held as still as he could, sucking her top lip in comfort. When she was comfortable again, she rocked her hips to his. Pulling at the skin on his back, she urged him to move. Little by little he moved more and more. A steady rhythm was created and both moaned and groaned continuously. Movements were slick and smooth as her walls were soft and wet. Their bodies fit together like one, neither having felt so blissful. Her lips rested against his shoulder as he increased his speed and force with every thrust into her. Both so close to the edge. Baring her teeth, she bit his shoulder to muffle her orgasm induced scream. Two thrusts more and he buried himself deep inside her, their cum fusing together. He continued to rock gently against her, helping them both ride out their orgasms only to throw her into a second wave. Finally stilling, he didn't pull out. Rolling over, she lay on his chest with her knees on either side of his hips. They had somewhat calmed down but both wanted more. She sat up, her hands on his chest and started rolling her hips. Both loved this angle. He could watch the beautiful girl moving on top of him. She could take control and give something to him. This was the start of a new relationship between them and it would only grow strong. They were two parts of a whole. If neither had remembered the promise she had made they wouldn't be where they ended up. Sometimes a few innocent words lead to great things.