I couldn't take it anymore. I opened the stall door and looked them both in the eyes. "You guys are bitches and don't know what the hell you're talking about, and you will never talk bad to or about me again." a dazed look crossed their eyes and then they nodded. It was the same glazed over look that my dad got last night. Hmm... interesting. I wonder... I walked out into the hall and was immediately bombarded by Mike. Oh great, here we go again. "Hey Bella, you're back! Where were you? Were you with Cullen ?" he snorted. I couldn't stand him, then a thought occurred to me and I thought I would try something. "Mike," I said looking him in the eyes. "I want you to go away and never talk to me again." Again, just like Jessica, Lauren, and my dad a glazed look crossed his eyes and he nodded then walked away. Cool! I have a super power! I can control people with my mind! This is awesome! Then I remembered why I was a vampire, someone had changed my while I was chasing after my boyfriend who left me. My eyes dropped to the floor. I didn't think I would ever be happy again. The school day was long; by the end of it, I thought I was going to break down. There had been so many whispers and with my new super hearing, I heard them all. I started humming in my head trying to block them out as I walked to my locker to get the rest of my books. I took my time and by time I was done, I was alone in the hallway. I had a few words in my head to go to the song, and soon as I walked slowly down the hall to the parking lot, I was singing it. " I lie awake at night thinking of you, can't get you out of my head. You tossed me away and now what's left? You left me for dead. So I think to myself how can I be this sad? You're just a boy, a simple boy, but so much more instead. If only I was better for you, My one and only, if only I could be better for you." I was almost out of the building when I heard someone clapping. I turned around to see Mr. Daniels, one of the younger teachers only a few years older than me, and the head of the Choir department clapping as he walked towards me. "That was, wow, that was amazing. Have you ever had lessons?" he asked me "No." I replied quietly "Was that an original, I don't think I've ever heard it before?" he asked "Yeah, but it wasn't very good, I mean it's not finished." I said embarrassed, my cheeks would be burning if I were still human. "It was really good. You have a natural talent, Bella. Have you ever considered singing in our choir?" he asked me "Well, no." I said "Bella, I actually have been looking for someone to sing the National Anthem at the next football game, would you consider doing it?" he asked "I... uhmm.. sure, why not?" I said, I had nothing to lose. "Great, I will see you tomorrow after school for practice, okay?" he said, "Sure, see you tomorrow Mr. Daniels." I said waving as I left through the double doors. I was going to sing the National Anthem. In front of everyone? I was about to turn around and tell him I changed my mind that I could not do it, when I heard his voice in my head. " You can do it, love." The voice said, I stopped in my tracks. What? That was something he would have said to me before he left. When he believed in me, when he still... loved... me. Maybe he still loved me. I got in my truck and drove home. I guess it was time to tell Charlie. I practiced in the choir room all week, sometimes during lunch, but mostly after school. Sooner than I thought possible, it was 7:00 p.m. and the game was getting ready to start. They were all waiting for me to sing. "And now, singing the National Anthem in front of the Forks Spartans and the Port Angeles Knights, Miss Bella Swan!" Everybody fell silent. I walked out into the middle of the field with my microphone and began to sing. "Oh say can you see..." I looked around everybody's faces looked stunned; a few people had even pulled video cameras out filming me. "And the home and the brave!" I ended and everybody was silent, until someone busted into loud applause, then the crowd roared. Clapping, cheering, and whistling. They all liked my singing! I walked back to the side of the field and handed the microphone back to the announcer. Charlie and I left after that, I didn't feel like staying and he easily agreed, I think he was still stunned at my voice. "Bella, wow, you have an amazing voice. You must have got that from me." he joked. I smiled and laughed with him. "Of course I did, dad." I said "You did great, I'm really proud of you." he said "Thank you." I said quietly We got home when the phone was ringing; I breezed inside to answer it. "Hello?" I chimed "Bella Swan?" A female voice answered. "Speaking." I said "Bella Swan, I am Sydney Maloney with Hollywood Records, we would love to offer you a recording contract with our recording studio." she announced excitedly. A/N: Well… did you like it? Hate it? Please review and let me know what you think of it! If you have any ideas that you want in the story just PM me, and I will try to work them in the best that I can! :) Reviews make me happy! :) I love you all! xoxo, Em