whipped it from her body. Not being able to say or do anything, he admired her body. "Beautiful." Descending his lips to her skin, with every touch to her body he whispered the same word over and over again. Her chest was heaving as she adored his every kiss. Giggling, she traced her fingers up and down his back. He kissed up to her lips and dropped his hands to her hips. His fingers played with the top of her panties before starting to inch them down her legs. Eager to continue on, he made quick work of his boxers. Wrapping one arm around her waist, he held her flush against his chest. She kept his lips on hers, leaving him to focus on where they were also close to joining together. Stroking her thighs, he kept her relaxed as he led himself to her dripping entrance. Carefully pushing into her, he gave a fast thrust and broke her barrier. He wasn't certain but assumed she was still a virgin and it made him proud that she gave him something like that that she couldn't give to anyone else. Keeping still, he waited for her to become comfortable before moving again. The feelings coursing through him were all new. He loved her and he loved every minute with her. Continuously pushing into her, he licked around her lips again. The steady rhythm both abided to sent pleasurable shivers down their spines. Moans escaped from both their throats with every move made. They were so close to the edge and neither could hold on any longer. Bella tensed below him before every muscle relaxed as she came for the first time. He buried himself deep inside her and shattered. Their cum fused together in heat. He pulled out of her and rolled over so that she lay on his chest. Neither was cold anymore. He'd been right. Body heat was the best way to warm up, with the pleasurable addition of some steamy love making. He lay one hand on the base of her spine as his other held the back of her head. "I would never have done this with Tanya." "Done what?" "Make love to her." She couldn't help the large grin that took over her face. "You have had sex with her though? Haven't you?" Her head turned to the side and she tilted it up to him. Tucking her hair behind her ear, he pressed his lips to hers. "Never." The grin on her face stretched a mile long. Crawling up his body a little further, she crashed her lips to his. She moved her lips against his and held the sides of his face. "Bella. Bella." "What?" She was a little disgruntled at him for stopping her. "I have a key to get us out of here." Holding herself up on her elbows, she hit his chest. "Why didn't you remember this earlier before I half froze to death?" He took her hands in his causing her to fall into his chest. She sighed and let him wind his arms around her waist again. "I never forgot. If I had told you, would you have stayed and talked to me? Would you be here, lying in my arms after having made beautiful love with me? Or would you be at home, tucked up in bed still hating?" "I never hated you. I hated Tanya." "Do you hate her now?" "Yes." Pecking her lips, he drew circles on her hips. "What about now?" "I still hate her." He rolled them over and kissed her deeply. When he pulled back, he kissed across her cheek and up to her ear. Biting gently on the shell of her ear, he ran his fingers over her hair. "No?" "I guess I feel sorry for her now. She missed out on the kindest, smartest, handsomest, most generous man that anyone would have the pleasure of meeting." "Not to mention my amazing good looks." "Not just good looks. Every girl drools the moment they lay eyes on you. You're so hot Edward. Look at you. You could easily get a job as a model." "Maybe I will then. Only if you become one too." "I'm not pretty enough." "But you are Bella. You most certainly are. If I were to make love to you every time I thought the word beautiful about you then we would never leave bed. Mind you, that's not such a bad idea." "Is that all you can think about now? Sex?" "No. Sex will never get anywhere near anything we will ever do. There's no commitment behind that act. Making love is a whole other world. And I'll never make love to anyone other than you my beautiful Bella. I love you." "I love you too my Edward." "Shall we get out of here then?" "Not yet. I'm pretty happy right here." "You don't want to go to a comfy hotel bed with me?" "You asking me to have sex Cullen?" "I would never…" Both were happily teasing the other. "I was asking you to make love with me all through the night and into the early hours of the morning." He pressed his lips to the side of her neck and placed wet kisses to her skin. She closed her eyes and just took in his touches. "Let's go. I'm getting a little cold again." "Okay. Remember to text your Dad as well." "And where am I? He won't be too happy if I tell him the truth." "Tell him we were catching up at my house and we lost track of the time. You're sleeping over with Alice." "Wait, I thought I was sleeping with you." "Do you want to go to a hotel or not?" Frantically nodding, her eyes had widened as she looked up at him. With the night ahead, both dressed quickly in the dark. Hand in hand they gathered their things before running from the school and disappearing into the night.