for me that I now had to repay him. "Of course I'll go see a movie with you." Lowering my hands to his pants, his lips stopped against my neck and he held my waist tightly. Slow and steadily, I ran my fingers around his pants waist line. He hadn't put his belt back on after earlier so I popped the button easily. Pulling his fly down, I palmed him softly. A moan vibrated against my neck and his grip loosened. I climbed off his lap and knelt between his legs on the floor. Releasing him from his restraints, I ran my thumb over his tip and saw his fingers twitch on the chair. His head had fallen back against the chair. Taking him into my mouth, I relaxed my jaw and licked around him. I took his hands in mine and placed them in my hair, encouraging him to control my movements. His fingers curled into my hair and he started to pull my head up and down. It was the first time I was giving a blow job. I was a little scared that he wouldn't think I was good enough. I couldn't stop now though and I didn't want to. My head bobbed up and down on him as my fingers pumped what I couldn't fit in my mouth. He began to jerk inside of me before I tasted him. Letting me take control of my head again, I took my time swallowing all of his cum. Standing up, I stumbled out of the room and into the kitchen. It was my dream kitchen and I loved to cook for Edward's family but I was dazed right now. I had just given my best friend a blow job. Me, the anxiety filled girl, had the guts to go down on him. Seriously needing a drink, I took a long cold drink of water. Would I be able to convince myself to go back in there and face him? Numerous minutes went by with me leaning on my elbows on the counter top. Whilst staring at the clock, I considered starting on some revision. It would at least distract me from what I'd just done. All my worrying and thinking didn't matter as two arms wound round my waist and my jean's button was popped open. I closed my eyes and sucked in a deep breath because his hand disappeared into my panties. He stroked my slit over and over again. "Do you want to go up to my room Bella? I'll be your slave for the night. Whatever you want, you will get." Moaning, I clutched at the counter so hard my fingers began to hurt. I was so wet for someone; for him. No one had made me feel this way before. "It's your house. You're the boss." He used his immense strength to lift me up with one finger slicing through my slit so much so that it hurt. One of my hands flew down to where his was inside of my jeans. My other hand wound round behind us and curled into his hair. Placing my feet firmly on the ground, he pulled his hand out of me. Taking my hands in his, he started to pull me out of the room and up the stairs. When we got to the top of the stairs, he stopped. He ran his nose along my shoulder and kissed my neck once. Unbuttoning my shirt, he pushed it off my body until it dropped to the floor. Leaving me there, he turned and strode into his room. With slow, careful steps I followed him. He was standing at the end of his bed with his shirt on the floor. I stared to make my way over to him but he held his hand up. "Lie down." I did as he said and lay in the middle of his bed. He dropped his pants to the floor, his eyes on me. Placing his hands on my ankles, he moved over me so that his nose buried in the open zip of my jeans. My breathing became laboured as he brought his hands up to the top of my jeans. He pulled them down my legs, his lips following. Kissing the inside of my right ankle, he stroked my left thigh. I gripped at the sheets below me as my build up began. He moved onto pulling my panties down my legs for the second time today. The room was warm and did nothing to calm my nerves. "Bend your back." With my head flat on the bed, my shoulders angled upwards and caused my back to arch off the bed. He lifted my legs up so that my feet were flat on the bed and my bum in the air. Kneeling on the bed between my legs, he pulled his boxers off and slid a condom on. He thrust deep inside me. My raised hips and angled pelvis allowed him to rest his hand over my pubis, his thumb rubbing circles around my clit. I moaned loudly as he rocked his hips to mine, pushing himself deeper and deeper. The angle made him hit my g-spot every time. I didn't last long. With my head below the rest of my body, all the blood rushed to my head only making the pleasure that much more mind-shattering. He lay me down, my head in the pillows. Leaning over me, he continued to pump himself inside of me. The tight coil in the pit of my stomach wound up quickly. We shattered into a million pieces at the same time. Gently rocking his hips against mine, he pecked my lips. Pulling out of me, he removed the condom from himself. I watched him walk into his bathroom before returning to myside. He lay down next to me and pulled me into his chest. I hoped that there would be many more times like this. It really helped with my nerves.