felt at that moment. He was really torn. He knows that if he leaves now, he would severely damage any semblance of a friendship he has or might've had with Leah Clearwater. But, if he doesn't go and something happened to Bella – her condition takes a turn for the worst or he misses her take her last breath… he just wouldn't be able to live with himself. She sees his guilty face and she knows his decision is made. Leechlover wins again . But really, what did she expect? She turns and strides deeper into the woods so she could phase, shredding her only outfit. She lets her paws pound the earth extra hard just so she doesn't have to hear his retreating footsteps. She runs a quick few circles around the perimeter of the area trying not to think, just focusing on her wolf instincts. For once she's almost glad Jacob and Seth are too caught up in the Casa del Cold Ones, that way, she has her mind to herself for a little bit again. She pushes herself to run as fast as she can, focusing on the air whooshing past her and the comforting sights and sounds of the forest. This much she liked about being a wolf, the feeling of being free when you run. It was maybe one of the few good things Leah liked about it. The change happened too fast, that much she hated about it. It's like one day you get super pissed off beyond belief and then next thing you know you're an animal with voices in your head. All of a sudden you're forced to get a tattoo and cut your hair off and take orders from your ex-boyfriend and you have to give up simple civil liberties like showering at free will and keeping your modesty in front of a bunch of hormonal idiot boys and privacy , oh, privacy. You surrender your privacy— not just physically, which is a pain that in and of itself, but also emotionally, and definitely mentally. It's especially difficult being a part of something that no one wants you to be in, when you have no choice in the matter yourself. So that's another reason why when Jacob decided to break away from the pack and embrace his birthright, she'd been more inclined to join him and her kid brother. She knew that she wasn't Black's favorite person in the world, but at least she could get away from the main pack and out from under the ruling thumb that was Sam whom she was forced to listen to. At least Jacob wasn't Sam, not even a little bit. At least that's what she had thought. But it seemed like Jake was just as blinded by his supposed 'love' for Bella as Sam was by his imprint on Emily. Both was a sham, in her opinion. Imprinting was just some freaky breeding program made up by the gods, falling in love at first sight with whomever you're "destined" to be with. The way Leah saw it, Sam didn't love Emily. No, he was assigned to her. But Jake and Bella... that was almost worse. He didn't have some supernatural fate bullshit to blame it on. He was just blinded by misplaced affections. And for what, really? She was in love with someone (some thing ) else. She skids to a stop when she reaches the nearby river. She just looks at her wolfy reflection in the water. She really had no room to talk about the leeches; just look at her. She's a monstrous beast… who turns into a wolf. This transformation ruined her life, her brother's life, and it literally killed her father. She was never supposed to change. There were no other female wolves. Yet the wolf Gods decided to play a sick practical joke on her and make her one, at the end of the worst year of her life. She doesn't realize she phased back until she's sitting there staring at the reflection of her human face. No. The wolf didn't ruin her life. She did that all on her own. She clearly has to be the most unlovable being on the planet. Everyone she seemed to care about ends up leaving. Sam left, her dad left, and now Jake... he might as well be as good as gone. Water starts to run down her face and it takes her a second to realize it's not from the perpetual impending rain clouds hanging in the sky. Leah doesn't bother wiping the tears away from her face. No one would know about it. She hated crying. She remembers the day she had to cut her hair off for the pack, and how she sobbed that night. It wasn't so much the hair, even though she had been growing it out for years and it hurt to see her beautiful dark locks just chopped away like they were nothing, but it was more of the consolidation that the whole wolf thing was real. She kept waiting for someone to jump out and say that this had been some whole elaborate prank or she was just having a nightmare and when she woke up Sam would be by her side and none of it would have ever happened. But that didn't happen. She went home after the haircut and buried her face into her pillow and cried out every drop of water in her body until it hurt. That was the last time she remembers really crying. Now she cried silent tears thinking about how her life had turned to complete and utter shit and she was only twenty years old. She wraps her arms around her bare knees and cries some more. She doesn't care that she has no clothes on (no way in hell will she wear the leeches') and she doesn't care she's all alone in the middle of nowhere sobbing on a riverbank. She just doesn't care.