wasn't going full speed because he felt so relaxed. Bella buried her face in Silverys fur and hugged his neck tightly so she wouldn't fall off. The journey lasted about twenty minutes before Silvery stopped. Bella lifted her face from the fur and slid off his back. They were on a very familiar forest path. She suddenly started to consider to just live in the forest with her wolf, her Silvery. To hell with everybody else. But she couldn't, and wouldn't. She turned to Silvery once again. He was watching her silently, but sadly. Bella didn't know if animals could cry, but almost seemed like he would soon. She could almost hear her own heart breaking. She took his face in her hands and spoke strongly: "wolves are proud animals. You should never look like this. Of course you're allowed to be sad. You should feel sadness and happiness and so on. But you should never cry for someone like me." Bella had her own tears in her eyes, which she refused to shed. "Maybe we'll see each other again?" She asked, voice full of hope. She truly wished to see her wolf once more, one day, but she didn't know if it was a good idea. Wild wolf that he was. Or so she believed. Silvery looked at her silently, not letting out a sound. Not a nod of agreement or head shake of denial. A maybe then, she thought sadly. "Okay. I hope I'll see you some day again", Bella said while casting her eyes down to look at the forest ground and dropped her hand from his sort fur. Silvery nudged her head back up with his nose so she lifted her head so she could meet those beautiful yellow eyes for the last time. He gave her a soft lick on her cheek and pushed her lightly towards her house. Bella gave him one last hug, whispering a soft goodbye in his twitching ear, before turning around and walking to her house. She heard a soft 'bye bye' said back to her but when she turned around, no one was there, not even her silver wolf, so she just decided that she imagined and went inside her house. She hadn't even closed the door fully when Charlie was already on her. "Where the heck have you been?! I've been worried sick! And I tried calling you! When you didn't answer I was ready to call every freaking person in this town to look for you! Can't you-" I had to cut him off, otherwise he would have continued his rant the rest of the evening. "Dad! Dad! Relax, me and Edward had fight and I had to cool down so I went for a walk. I forgot my phone home so I couldn't have answered it. And well, then I kinda got lost", Bella explained. She didn't know if she should tell Charlie about Silvery. "You got lost? Well how did you get here then, because you obviously wouldn't have if you're here", Charlie asked. That's when Bella decided that no matter how insane she sounded, she would tell him about Silvery. "I met a wolf", Bella said, smiling. "A wolf? Are you okay" Charlie exclaimed. "Yes, of course. He was nice. He showed me the way back here. He walked with me back here", Bella said. Charlie watched a in disbelief at her daughter. Surely she was just trying to fool him? Though she seemed to truly believe her own words. "Maybe you should just go to bed. You seem very tired", Charlie said in fake calmness. Bella laughed softly. Her dad obviously thought her to have seen things, maybe even that she had gone crazy, so she just agreed and walked upstairs. She took a quick shower and went to bed. She heard a long sad howl outside that tormented her in her sleep. When she woke up she made a decision. Today, when Edward comes to pick me up, I'll break up with. After that had been a blur. She dressed, ate and went outside to wait for the familiar silver Volvo that Edward rode. Sure enough, not five minutes after she closed and locked the door, Edward arrived to her yard. Like many other times, Edward gracefully jumped out of his car and greeted her with a kiss on her cheek then she took her hand and led her to the passenger seat. She pulled her hand from his and then he turned to go to the drivers seat. "Edward", Bella called out before her nerves decided that she should just chicken this one out, like every other time. "Yes, love?" Edward asked when he turned to her with a smile on his face. Why oh why was he smiling and looking oh so charmingly handsome? This would be so much easier if he was rude and ugly and generally full of bad things. Remember Bella, he's a control freak. You can't practically be yourself with him, she reminded herself. You don't even really enjoy your time with him! She was a wreck. Her hands shook and sweated. Her legs were two seconds from giving out and she felt light-headed. "I-", she started but didn't finish. Edward looked at her questionably and she was just about to tell him it was nothing when she saw a flash of silver on her left in the forest. She turned towards the forest, but couldn't see anything anymore. She smiled. Silvery had noticed that she was having difficulties and decided to encourage her again. She truly was her silent source of strength. "Bella?" Edwards voice broke through her thoughts. Bella took a deep breath. This was it. "Edward. Let's break up. So... Liked it? Hated it? If this story is liked and I get lots of reviews and lots of favourites, I might make a 'sequel' kind of thing or just the same story in Pauls POV. Hope you review and thanks for reading :)