the better mommy, but maw-maw and paw-paw don't want me to meet daddy, but momma thinks maybe my daddy will love me too," Ari blabbed away. Paul was staring at her a bit open mouthed before he looked at me and after one glance at my panicked expression, he knew she was telling the truth, "She's not your daughter?" he asked and of course like always when that question came up my wall went up. "I raised her therefore she is my daughter," I snapped. "But she looks like you…." He trailed off. My eyes shot up to meet his, shocked, no one thought she looked like me, "She's my niece," I whispered. "Oh," he said softly before turning to Ari who had started to play with Paul's necklace that had a feather and beads on it. "I'm sorry about your sister," Paul said quietly and I was shocked that he did have a heart after all. "Thanks," I whispered looking down at my feet before sighing. "Who is her father, I know everyone that lives here, I can help, I'll also fix up your car, I'm a mechanic, so I'm good with stuff like that," he rambled. I bit my lip and sighed pulling out her birth certificate from my purse and handing it to him. As if he was a natural with kids he just shrugged her over to his hip, as he opened the file clueless. He froze the minute he read his name as the father, and his russet skin actually looked a little pale and green, "B-but…I always use…" he trailed off. Being the blunt person I am, "Apparently your swimmers were strong enough to ignore birth control and a condom according to my sister," I told him. "You kay?" Ari asked Paul placing a hand on his forehead as if checking if he had a temperature. "Momma, he warm," she told me worriedly. Paul was still staring at the file as if he kept reading it the name would disappear. "I-I need to sit down," he whispered and for some reason I felt bad for him. I immediately shook the thoughts out of my head, he had sex with my sister, never called her to check on her, destroyed my family, my life, and was a total ass hole when I met him. "I can take her," I offered standing up opening my arms for Ari and that was when something must have clicked because he dropped the file in his haste to hug Ari closer to him. "No," he said quickly. I put my hands up as if to say I wasn't going to steal her as I sat back down. I watched silently as he stared at her smoothing her hair, and brushing his thumb against her cheek, while Ari reveled in the attention she was after all my sister's daughter. "She's so beautiful," he said softly and I noticed him quickly wipe a tear from the corner of his eye as if embarrassed of the emotion. I didn't comment as I let him have his moment with her. Ari quickly became bored with him just stroking her cheek and hair, and just curled into him and lifted up her shirt, "Draw," she commanded and he looked at me questioningly. I quickly drew on my arm with my nail as an example and he nodded gently drawing on her back. "Momma, can we keep him?" Ari asked contentedly. I actually chuckled, "Honey, Paul, isn't a pet," I told her. "But he draw better than you," she said sassily whining a bit. Paul looked a bit triumphant and even I had to admit it was a bit adorable. "Well, I guess that means I won't have to draw on you anymore, since apparently my skills aren't up to your satisfaction," I teased Ari and she gasped sitting up, and shook her head no wildly. "NO, MOMMA, you draw good! He just draw great!" she told me adorably. I chuckled, "Okay, okay, I'll still draw, I guess," I teased her. She nodded, happily before crawling back into her first position, "Can he go with us to meet daddy?" she asked me. I froze as did Paul, before he looked at me asking what he needed to do. An inner panic rose in my stomach, sure Paul seemed to like Ari, but that was right this moment, that didn't mean that he wanted to be a key member of her life, and I didn't want him breaking her heart like he broke my sister's, she already thought her mom didn't love her thanks to my dad and mother, despite what I tried to tell her. She was so hopeful that her dad would love her, she kept talking about it the entire ride here, asking me time and time again if her daddy would like her. I was hyperventilating at this point, what had I done? Paul seemed to take my indecision and panic and turn it into his own decision as he said, "Ari?" he whispered softly and she looked up at him. What was he doing? No, do not tell her that you're her father, Paul Lahote, I don't know if you are going to stick around yet….no, no, no, this was not the plan, the plan was for you to let me in, Ari to still be asleep as I passed you the folder and then I interrogated him until I knew for sure he'd be a good father. "Huh?" she questioned adorably. "I am your daddy," he told her smoothing her hair. Ari grinned widely, but then her face fell, "Do you like me?" she questioned. He chuckled and kissed her forehead, "I love you honey," he told her without any doubt in her tone. "I love you too daddy," Ari squealed hugging him tightly around the neck happily and I saw a few tears fall from Paul's eyes, and in that moment I knew I had made the right decision.