believe it? What a stupid thing to do…" The man who was sitting on the sofa babbled. But I wasn't listening to him – no – I was staring at my parents, too shocked to move. But eventually I ran to them, yelling them to wake up, to say something. I shook mom lightly from the shoulders and told her not to joke around, that this wasn't funny. I was in too much of a shock to cry. That was when dad grabbed my hand and pulled me into a hug, whispering something in my ear gently. Don't cry. Right after that dad fell silent and his breathing stopped. "Dad?" I asked silently, pulling myself from his grip. He didn't answer. He just stared up with empty eyes. "Nonononono… No! NO! DAD! Don't leave me! Don't leave me here alone! Noooo… Please, dad… I love you so don't leave me here…" I cried without tears falling. The man who killed my parents came next to me and pointed his gun at me. I didn't look at him; I looked at my father who had just died right before my eyes. I closed his eyes with my fingers and smiled at him sadly. Then Donna came in front of me, growling at the unknown man in her house. She has always protected me somehow. From strangers, from unknown dogs, almost from everything she didn't recognize. And right now, I was happy to have this kind of dog. But this was dangerous to her so I pulled her forcefully – using all the strength I had, by the way – behind me where she silently stared at the man, who was now right in front of me, whit cold eyes. "I have watched you from far very carefully, Isabella. You are the ideal person to be an assassin…" My eyes widened. What the hell is he talking about? "You have silent steps and a body that can be fast and strong at the same time." He dropped his gun and ran his hands up and down my body. I closed my eyes, trying to fight the urge to kill this man. "You have a temper and you don't get scared very easily. And most of all, you are definitely hard to break – mentally strong – which means that you most likely can take my training method." He grabbed my chin with his other hand while the other was still touching me, almost as if feeling if I was truly the person he thought I was. He forced me to look at him and I opened my eyes to glare at him. "But you are young , so the training will take at least four years", he said grinning sadistically and dropped his hands from my body. I sighed quietly from relief. And at that moment I promised something to myself. If he truly was going to keep me alive to train me into a killer, I would never cry. Not in front of this man, not in front of anyone and not even when I am alone somewhere. I would never cry because of anything or for anything. Never. He bends over and grabbed his gun from the blood bud. The he started talking, his back facing me: "I know you want to live…" Well duh. "…so live to kill, because only the strongest ones can live in this world. Live to avenge your parents and try to kill me, because only then have you proven that you are strong enough to live in this world and only then have you truly gotten the power to live. I will train you to survive, which means that I will teach you how to kill. If you have the will to survive and live, you have to have the guts to kill, to murder. Use that will to kill me!" I was staring at him horrified. He wanted me to murder? Did that honestly mean to survive? If I wanted to live my life, did I have to steal someone else's right to do so? But I did want to kill this man. I wanted to steal his right to live the way he stole my parents' right to do so. "Yes... Your will to kill me is greater than your thoughts of what is right. I need your kind of person to continue my work…" He said, still his back facing me. I felt like it was a trap, a trap to see if I went straight for his throat. But I wasn't stupid. What could a 12 year old girl do to a grown and trained assassin man? Then he finally turned to me and said: "You are mine. Your life is mine, because I can break it when I want to. It will also be mine 'till you can take it back. And I'm sure you can and the moment you do it, is the moment you own my life. That is the rules of this world. The weak ones die. But I'm also sure that that won't happen in a long time." Even if what he said was true, I hated this bastard already… "My name is James, but I am known as Silent. Your name was Isabella, now it is Crystal while you will be known in the assassin world as Bloody cat. Understand? Good. Nice to meet you, pupil" , Alex said to me. So I couldn't have anything from my last life? Not even a name… I have truly lost everything. But I will take Donna with me even if I die trying. And he gave me permission to do so. James said that we needed to move away from this place. We are going to Seattle, it seems. I could care less where we were going, I didn't have anything anymore… And so began my bloody life. How did you like it? Should I continue this story? Review, pretty please! And remember; critic is GOOD.