way they hadn't heard me leave Maysun that voicemail. She wanted me to feel like I did have some privacy in my room from the people outside of it, thats why didn't bring it up and was waiting for me to do it. I sighed and shook my head, showing her the text messages, the failed calls, the lack of reply from Maysun. I was so anxious. "Don't worry too much about Maysun." she grinned. "There might be a chance that she'll miss you tomorrow and what she does once you're gone is out of our control." she winked. Rosalie wasn't the cool Aunt like Alice was, but she understood the need for fun, adventure experiencing something knew and that my family couldn't always help who I was close to or stop me from seeing someone. I got that from my mom. Rosalie was just as much my mother as my actual mother, the two probably co parented me more than my dad did with my mom. She was a huge part of my life and growing up. All Rosalie had ever wanted was a baby, to raise a child before she was turned by Carlisle. For her she would have preferred to have died, to be in the ground. She had Emmett, she loved him, but everyday she continued to exist she was faced with the things she lost and would never have. But then I was made, a ray of hope to have a child of her own in the case my mother died. A little psychotic and mean, but she had taken care of my mother and me as I grew. Mom didn't die though, not for good at least and the made it work so that Rosalie and her both got to play the role of mommy to me. In this day of age my familial and parental structure wasn't that odd it comparison to what was once thought strange and out of the norm. It was 2024, social norms have changed a great deal between the time I was born and now. Vampires and the such were nowhere close to coming out of the proverbial coffin, not with the Volturi governing them and dealing out the law all over the world and expanding their collection of powerful vampires to the point of having a powerful small army. But I hoped sometimes. And hope was dangerous, thoughts like mine were dangerous and my father did well in reminding me of that when it crossed my mind. Rosalie narrowed her eyes at me. Her hand was still on my cheeks. Oops. "Don't worry, I'm not gonna go all Katniss Everdeen on anyone." I thought to her with a roll of my eyes and touched her wrist, gently taking her hand away from my face. I gave her a smile and moved around her to get out of the room and into the hall. I assumed she came to let me know my dinner was ready. The smell of juicy, cooked meat wafted through the house with the combinations of seasoning. I licked my lips and my stomach growled with comedic timing. The kitchen in our greystone was on the first floor so we had to go down stairs. Four out of the five bedrooms were upstairs, the master on the first floor. As the matriarch of the family that was Esme and Carlisle's. We also had a basement which was furnished into Carlisle's office and the library. In total the house had three levels. We lived in a neighborhood that few could afford, so our neighbors weren't many. Tall, full trees grew all around the house, close to the side and back, a good defense against any curious eyes from peering in through the windows. When I entered the dining room/kitchen, my plate was already made out on the table with a few small bowls of sides incase I wanted more spread out in front of it. Steam rose from the two steaks that sat in a puddle of seasoned sauce. On the plate was also mushrooms atop mashed potatoes and some asparagus on the side. It was Steak Diane. The dish was beautifully plated, so much so I took out my phone and snapped a picture. My last meal at home for awhile. The room was an open space, so the kitchen and dining room was all in sight to one another along with the living space on the patio side. My mom stood in the kitchen, my dad helping her clean up from cooking. They moved around like orbiting planets, smooth and in sync. They were different from the other couples somehow, I wasn't even sure what it was, how to name it, but it was there. My dad's family always loved Bella, but their relationship had always concerned them a little Uncle Jasper had admitted to me once. He could feel how strongly they felt for one another, so much it was almost too much. It was silently obsessive and consuming, even a little dangerous. Without the other, one would not be able to go on, be it suicide or zombification, they were not alive or whole without each other. Grandpa Carlisle had told me in a way my conception was a relief on their love. In order to love me they had to divide up the love they had for each other to give some to me, and in doing so brought the severe mute intensity of their love down a tad. A guilty expression came over my dad's face as he caught my thoughts, but he didn't even glance at me. I wondered what he was remembering to make him look and feel guilty about his love for my mom. Said mom looked my way and smiled. I smiled back and took my seat at the small, glass table that made up our dining room. No point for a big long table when I was the only one who ate at it.