floated with the current along with branches and leaves. His eldest's head soon popped out from under the water. "The more I rinse, the soapier I get," the large boy complained in lieu of a greeting. Carlisle shook his head. "Emmett, come out of there right now. Where's your brother?" "Dad," a second voice beckoned from behind him. Arms crossed, Carlisle was set to give Edward his 'stern dad' look, but quickly wilted at his son's distress. He walked towards his youngest. "Edward?" His youngest started speaking in a rush. "Dad, I swallowed some soap and I can't make it stop. I can't-" The boy's explanation was interrupted as a belch left his mouth followed by a large soap bubble. Edward's belch bubble popped in front of them. Carlisle barked a laugh. "It's not funny!" His youngest hiccupped, producing three more bubbles. "Make it stop, Dad." "Carlisle, I'm still soapy," Emmett whined, walking up to them. "And my favorite shirt is ruined." "I don't feel good," Edward cried miserably, hiccupping again. Carlisle lifted his eyes heavenward as he steered both weepy boys towards home at a human pace. By the time Carlisle walked his sons back to the house Esme had managed to get the little room dry and was feeling calm enough to feel sympathy for the boys, who by all accounts looked very soggy and pathetic. She didn't actually wring their necks, although she threatened to do so several times while fetching them clean clothes and towels. After both boys got showered, Edward spent the rest of the afternoon lying down and spitting foam into a bucket Esme provided for him. Emmett, for his part, helped Esme move the broken washing machine out to the curb. Carlisle let them rest after their ordeal, but as soon as the sun fully set, he showed up at Edward's bedroom door with a nervous looking Emmett in toe. Carlisle sat in the chair at Edward's desk and let the boys occupy the bed. "It seems my young men have a sudden fascination with housework." "We just wanted to see what it did." Emmett hung his head. "You couldn't wait for your mother?" "No," Emmett mumbled again. "She wouldn't have let us touch anything." Carlisle forced down a smile. "And with good reason, don't you think? A muffler?" "We wanted to make it shiny," his oldest played with the bedspread. " You wanted to make it shiny," Edward countered. "Neither one of you had any business being in the laundry room. You know you weren't to touch the machine. Furthermore your mother told you to stay out of trouble before she left. And what do I always tell you before I leave for work?" "Listen to your mother," both boys said together. "Did you do a good job listening to either of us today?" "No, sir." Carlisle nodded. "Then I think you're both due a spanking, right?" Emmett nodded forlornly while Edward raised a finger to be observed. "I respectfully disagree. Let the record show that I told Emmett not to do it." Emmett snarled at his brother from his side of the bed. "Oh, I'm sure you said the words," Carlisle reached over to grab hold of Edward's wrist and pull him stand at his feet. "But did you mean them?" Standing before him, his son insulted expression faltered. "Dad…" Carlisle gave a slight shake. "Look me in the eye and tell me that you tried your best to convince Emmett to leave your mother's machine alone and that you only stayed to watch because you were concerned for his safety." His youngest eyes flicked up to his, before a full pout formed on his face. "…But I don't feel good." "I'm sure you don't." Carlisle pulled the now compliant boy over his knee. "That's what happens when you play with things you aren't supposed to." He slipped a finger in the waistband of his son's pajama bottoms and brought them down to his thighs. The recent introduction of this type of sleep wear made tasks like these infinitely easier. The boy wasn't wearing anything underneath so Carlisle immediately began to pepper the bare backside before him with quick, stinging slaps. He didn't set out to be harsh with the punishment since natural consequences had done most of the teaching for him. He gave Edward ten sharp spanks to the center of his behind. "We don't horse around with appliances and we don't goad our brothers into doing so," he instructed calmly. "I'm sorry," Edward whined and squirmed a bit. "I won't." His son cried out when he applied three additional smacks to each thigh, ending the mild correction. "Any deliberate naughtiness like what we've just discussed is going to earn you a spanking. Alright, Edward?" Edward nodded. He patted the teary-eyed boy on the back. "Alright. Pull your pants back up and then you may go tell Mother you're sorry." "Okay. Yessir." His youngest obeyed and stood with a slight wince. He hiccupped and a bubble the size of a marble escaping his mouth. Carlisle gave him a small smile. "That's the smallest one yet. I bet you're feeling better." Edward gave him a watery smile back and started from the room. "Yeah, but if she asks I'm still going to tell mother it was Emmett who dumped the whole box of soap in the machine. I did tell him only one handful." "You know what, Carlisle?" Emmett started towards him once his brother left, already shucking his flannels down. "With Edward around we don't need a washing machine." Carlisle pulled the second boy over his knee with ease. "Why that, Emmett?" Emmett shifted to look at him. "'Cause this family only needs one agitator." A/N: I don't know anything about 1930s washing machines besides what I briefly watched on youtube so please don't be mad at me if it's inaccurate. Also, I don't know where Rose was during this story. You can make that up if you wish. Toodles!