his arms moving around her waist. She cried out in pleasure as he palmed her bottom, assisting her. As she cried out, Seth recognized the voice as he was running in the woods and he worried that something terrible had happened to Bella while Jacob was there. Out of worry for his friend, he phased back to his human form, threw on some shorts, and climbed her tree. He was shocked when he looked in her window. He couldn't see her breasts or either of their sexes, but it was obvious what was happening. Her head was craned back as she whimpered and Jacob focused on his wild thrusts into her peach, working against her with his supernatural strength. "Jacob." She whimpered his name as she gripped his strands tight in her hands, whimpering loudly. "God, I love you." He growled which Seth heard and he was about to jump out of the tree when he heard something slip through Bella's lips. "I love you. I love you so much." She wildly kissed him as she whimpered and bit her lip. "I love you more than anything else. You are the love of my life, Jake." She cried out as he flipped them over on the bed, driving himself more purposefully into her. "You are my everything." He whispered as he pressed his forehead to hers, driving her crazy with his length and his hips, and she struggled with her breath. He groaned as he gripped onto the edge of her mattress, curling his fingers into the material. "God, Bells…. Almost…" He trailed off as she tightened around him and she gasped from how much more pleasurable it became when she was tight against him. She cried out as he pounded into her and his fingers dug into the mattress, ripping through the sheets and fabric on the mattress. He groaned aloud as he went over the edge, shooting his climax deep inside of her. She cried out as his climax ignited her own, a whimper leaving her lips. He left sweet kisses all over her face as she orgasmed and he held her hip to his, letting him fill her completely with his seeds that mixed with her own release. "You are so amazing." She took a deep breath before giving him a chastised kiss. "No, you are." He chuckled before he extracted himself from inside her, groaning, and he laid next to her in the bed. She moved over to him and laid her head on his chest, his arm coming around to hold her close to him, and he pulled her blanket around them, hoping to block out the cool air from her naked body. "I definitely wasn't expecting that out of tonight." She giggled before softly kissing his chest. "I didn't think you had that in you." She retorted and he laughed wholeheartedly before he kissed her passionately yet briefly. "You should have more faith in me. I may have been a virgin, but that doesn't mean I didn't know what I was doing. Blame the wolf telepathy." She gasped before searching his eyes, only seeing the truth. "That was your first time?" He nodded, not the slightest bit embarrassed. "That is very surprising." He threw his head back in laughter as she grinned at him. "Why is that shocking? I'm sixteen, Bells." She shrugged a little, the happy smile still plastered on her face. "Have you even taken a good look at yourself in the mirror lately, Jake?" He raised an eyebrow at her as she blushed. "You're….hot….and not in the temperature way." He smirked as he noticed how embarrassed she was to let him know that she was so physically attracted to him that she called him hot. "Don't act like you didn't know that? Girls stare at you wherever you go. It's no stretch to think you weren't a virgin." He chuckled softly while he stroked her cheek. "Bells, since you came back to town, I have only wanted you like that. I don't even find anyone else attractive." She blushed as he gently stroked her hair. "I used to, before you moved back to town, but you just overshadow everyone, not just with your physical beauty, but by being the amazing person you are. That's why I would never believe it if you said you were a virgin. One, you are about to be nineteen and most people lose their virginity at my age. Two, you are just so amazing. Everyone just flocks to you like you have an aura about you. You are beautiful just how you are and I know not everyone knows you how I do, but I'm sure, if they did, every guy in the area would fight for your affection like I have." She blushed and giggled. "Too bad." His eyes narrowed in confusion to this statement. "Too bad what?" She giggled while biting her lip. "That you wouldn't believe me if I told you that this was my first time because it was." His eyes widened in shock. "I've only ever dated Edward and guys in Phoenix kind of avoided me like the plague. I was just the weird girl who tripped over herself all the time and couldn't connect with anyone." He sat up and she did the same as he turned to her, taking her hands in his. "Are you serious? That was your first time, too?" She nodded, the truth shining in her beautiful cocoa eyes. "Yeah, I've never had sex before now. I was a virgin, too, Jake." He quickly kissed her so passionately before he moved over her and threw the blanket over them. "Time for round two, honey." She giggled as she held him close. She planned to stay awake all night with Jacob just so they could make the most of their time left together and she hoped he wouldn't get too tired to end their time together as Jacob and his Bells. Let me know what you think!