you?"asked Brady. She looked me straight in the eyes and said, "Your daughter and granddaughters will die today if you don't do what you were thinking of." She knew about Nessie and Annie, then. "How do you know what he is thinking? Is your gift to read minds?" Brady was still uncertain from his tone. "No, I am a physical shield. They won't be able to see, smell or hear us until it's too late." She smiled. "I'm just guessing what he is thinking by the outcome that Heahmund saw." All around the room heads were nodding and relief was growing. "But you must never tell about me. Make it sound like there is more magic here in the village that has been kept secret for ages. They will never see me. I will be gone before any others know I was there. I will stay long enough to know I am no longer needed." She plead with us to keep her secret. I understood that power hungry coveted those with gifts. We would keep her secret. We promised. We left with flare guns strapped to me. I climbed up to ride on Brady like a horse, since he was as big as one. He seemed quite pleased to get to be the one to carry me, so I wasn't worried that it might be offensive to him. Margery cloaked our scent but wouldn't make us invisible until we were closer, because it took too much concentration to cover more than herself for very long. It wasn't long trip for the swift wolves and vampire. She was soon cloaking us from sight and sound as well. She asked Brady and Colin to stand majestically behind a snow fort (we were curious who made it) to make it seem that we magically appeared. She would remain hidden in the treeline. At just the right time she lifted her shield from us. She said it would add to the distractions and make our plan successful. I was terrified, but as soon as we were noticed, I shot two flares at two figures on the other side. I already had them in my sights and knew what to do. I listened to my gut feeling on this. It proved to be an accurate resource as the two arguing figures flamed uncontrollably and purple smoke issued from under their clothes. I breathed in relief knowing my job was done. I was to stay with these two wolves until they would take me back to Sue. But then I saw these two men grab my girls and I wanted to run after them. I couldn't use my flares with Isabella so close to them. My little girl had the same weakness as those wicked ones that took off with her. I prayed that help would come and my family would be safe. But would they really ever be safe? They were powerful and gifted. Evil covets such things to advance itself. If only it could be more simple. I guess simplicity was gone before the gates were even opened. Around us there were some small skirmishes that I couldn't see, because they happened so fast. I was hoping the Cullen side was fine. I didn't know who was with whom. Soon it was over and I looked the direction those two had taken my girls and out came three strangers followed by my missing ones. My heart swelled with joy and extreme relief. Bella, Renesmee, and Annie made their way to Edward, Leah, and William who gave them huge hugs of relief. She seemed to be telling them what happened. They talked to the strangers. It seemed that they saved my girls and I owed them my gratitude. There was celebrating going on all around us as it became obvious that it was all over and they were all safe and free. Bella made her way over to me and the boys with a stern look on her face. She wanted to know what I was thinking to come in so dangerously. I lifted my eyebrow in her direction. She couldn't blush any more, but if she could have, I think she would have as she realized the hypocracy of her statement. I gave her a vague explanation and praised my gut. She looked at me knowing there was more to the story. I felt bad that I could never share it, but I was becoming accustomed to carrying others' secrets. I promised to tell her more, but I would have to hide the facts. Soon the boys took me home. I found Sue sitting and holding hands with Emily. She smiled at my return. They decided a run to the grocery store would now be in order since there would likely be a celebratory bonfire tonight on the beach. I attended the beach and told my modified version of the story. They thought I was a hero. I wasn't anymore a hero than anyone else that showed up that day. I was there, followed my gut, and gave my best. I suppose in the end what makes a hero is to put forth effort. I suppose I was a hero, because though I was afraid of what might happen, I tried. A/n: I know Margery's gift was very similar to Fred's. It was stronger though. She had no fluctuations at all. Bella never caught onto what was going on. Also, though Charlie doesn't know it, by demanding they each keep the secret, she placed a block in each mind so that neither the wolves will share in mental communication nor will Edward be able to read the truth in any of their minds. I imagine Margery and Heahmund are from the 1500's or so. They have been hidden somewhere in North America since the explorations. I have an idea for a story about them sometime if it ever gets developed. Take care, my friends, and thank you for taking your time to read. JaelSarjenka