hesitated. His voice felt cold and ominous it was placid like I remembered it to be. With quivering hands, I pulled my shirt over my head and then threw it on the floor. Quickly I undid my pants sliding them down my narrow waist. "All of it," He snarled. I obliged ridding myself of my underwear. Standing there I felt a draft in the room and I wrapped my arms around my waist. Nestled against my thigh was my flaccid cock, it hung limp and disinterested. "Let me look at you," He murmured, walking around me he studied my figure. "Hmm," he hummed in appreciation. "I will enjoy breaking you." He stepped forward placing his hands on the side of my neck. "Disregard all my previous rules, Jacob, since you're mine now it doesn't matter." Moving he cupped my face with both hands closing the distance between our lips. After a series of sweet pecks he chuckled low and deep in his throat. I felt elation soar through my body because I had never been kissed. Edward was my very first kiss. It was so amazing, fucking magical and I never wanted it to end. "Alice said it was a bad idea, but we'll prove her wrong won't we?" I was too busy wrapped up in the feel of his lips on mine to understand what he was saying. "Finally, you will finally be mine." He pressed our foreheads together, and confusion thrummed through my body like a whisper. Edward's hand strokes over my cheek, fingers lingering sweetly over the skin. After long, endless moments, Edward moves his head away. "I would like to try something new today Jacob," "Yeah?" I asked eagerly. "More BDSM?" "More like capture and detain," Edward breathed against my lips. Without any warning, Edward's hand balled up and crashed into my skull with a crack that made the world flash white. It was like an explosion of brightness and a sharp pain behind my eyelids, and I felt my body crumple sideways through the haze. The ground was rushing up to meet me, speeding towards me as my eyes rolled back and I slipped away into the blackness of unconsciousness. "-Finally have you all to myself," Edward continues, almost smugly. Blinking slowly I felt myself come back to consciousness and suddenly I was aware of the searing pain in my head. Groaning I tried not to move too quickly as I attempted to get my bearings. When I finally opened my eyes I realized that the lights were on, it rendered me blind for a few moments, as I tried to make out the blurring figure on top of me. My body was firmly in Edward's grip, all of his weight pressing down on me beneath him in a way that would probably be uncomfortable if it wasn't for Edward's strength. Suddenly I can see his face and it is more than just flawless. Emerald eyes flick down to my face watching me. I am suddenly memorized with the sharp angle of his jaw, pale pink lips and nearly luminous skin. This creature above me is beyond anything that I could ever imagine. My eyes trail over him greedily taking in his wide shoulders, firm biceps briefly before coming up to hold his gaze again, I can feel a thumb rubbing little circles into my narrow waist. Our faces are close together like this; close enough to touch. "It was fun chasing you, beautiful thing, but having you..." His face is so close, now, that I can feel the tickle of his breath. Slowly, Edward brings up his free hand to rest along my neck again, his fingers stroking deliberately over the skin. He inhales deeply, lets out a little shuddering breath of air that I can feel against my lips, and smiles. "Having you is much better." His words are all jumbled together that they don't make much sense to me. I try to grasp their meaning but they sound like riddles in the dark. Oddly enough his words sound sweet and calming, yet dangerous and possessive at the same time. I don't understand. "— I knew I wouldn't be able to stop. I was so hungry, you smelled so good, I'd drink you dry and I couldn't do that, needed you with me always. You smell like mine, you smell like perfect, there's no one else in the world like you." Edward is speaking but I only catch the end of it. His babbled words are like a cycle of nonsense and I can't comprehend any of it. It's almost similar to a strange language I have yet to learn. I moved to sit up and ask Edward what the hell he is talking about, only to realize that I can't. Innocently, Edward stared back at me with the same neutral expression. His eyes were intense, as his gaze flickered to the chain that was wrapped around my neck, constricting all of my movements. He smiled at me, as if it had been there all along. As if it was a part of me. With blunt nails I frantically clawed at it trying to pull it off my throat but the thick steel is too hard, too solid to break. The chain is long, restraining and attached to an iron loop in the wall. Smirking Edward watched, his whole body was completely relaxed. His eyes were dark and heavy lidded, as he looked down at me with sweet patronization written all over his face. "Edward? What-" "Jacob, my dear sweet , boy," He smiled; only it wasn't as pretty as I remembered it to be, this smile is dark and sinister rocking me to my core. "I've always wanted a human pet," I hope you all enjoyed the first chapter. This fic will be dark because you know how much I love a twisted Edward:) I would just like to give a big thanks to my wonderful beta Beanothercullen! Please read and review!