"What does ballet have anything to do with it?" Emmett asked confused. "Trust me, Emmett. I've seen her fight, adding her ballet into it and she has won all her fights. She has left many of them in the hospital and never lost a fight," I told them and looked at the ground. "We'll have to keep an eye on her and make sure Maria doesn't get near her," Jasper told everyone seriously. "Why? I doubt that woman would even come up here," Emmett said disbelieving. "She can and she will if need be, Emmett. Maria could make her do what I did. By what Bella has just told us, Marie is a lot stronger and more experienced than I was. If Maria gets her hands on Bella's cousin, she can do a lot more damage in the South than her and I ever did," Jasper explained to Emmett who was stunned. "That'd be horrible," Emmett said stunned. "That's an understatement, Emmett," Jasper said gravely. "Well, it won't happen, we'll protect her along with you, Bella," Edward declared. "Let's keep her in the dark though," I said sadly. I hated to do that but I didn't want to bring Marie into this world. She doesn't need to be involved in something like this. Edward held me close while everyone looked at each other. "Does Marie like video games? Maybe we can have a few rounds on the PS4," Emmett said, always the one to lighten the atmosphere. "Yes, Emmett, if she could wrestle with you, she would. She's not afraid to get down and dirty either; she had actually wrestled her oldest brother in the mud," I told him remembering that 4th of July. Emmett thought about that for a moment then smiled. Everyone laughed at his expression. "Well, we know she'll get along great with Alice and Emmett," Edward commented, calming down from his laughter. "She could get along with all of you," I told them and then thought about how much Edward and Marie would get along. "She loves classical things such as music and books like Edward and I do. She loves science and is always excited about learning the newest thing in science. She would have what she says a 'hay-day' with the many books Carlisle has in his office." "What do you mean by 'hay-day', Bella?" Carlisle asked confused. "It's a term that Texans use for fun," Jasper explained. "I'm surprised they still use it today." "Apparently they do. She loves art, also, any form of it is fun for her. She decorated her house in San Antonio and designed the garden that she keeps up with. Her house is decorated with artwork she did from painting to color pencil," I told them and they were all surprised. "I guess you're right. She would get along with all of us," Carlisle said with a smile. That reminded me of something Marie said in the car. "Edward, Marie would like you to help her practice her Portuguese and Spanish," I told him. "Yeah, and maybe her Italian," Alice added drily, crossing her arms. "How many languages does this girl know?" Emmett asked, surprised. "So far, Spanish, which helps where she lives; Portuguese, French, German, and Italian. She's planning on going to Italy this summer," Alice told everyone. "She's going to Rome, so don't freak out," she added before anyone could ask questions. "So now we have to watch Marie and protect Bella? Don't we already have enough on our hands from Victoria to this rampaging newborn in Seattle?" Rosalie questioned with a sneer. "Well, look at it this way, Rosalie, we're protecting our family completely," Edward snarled at her. She looked at him confused as I did. Edward looked at me then to Rosalie. "We've just had more added to our list because of Maria attacking your cousin," Edward told her, but she still looked confused. "We keep Marie here, Maria won't come here and we don't have to worry about Alice or Jasper getting hurt in some way; though I do agree with that, Alice," Edward finished. Everyone looked between Edward and Alice curiously. Just like everyone hates their silent conversations, so do I. I gazed at Edward bemused. "It's nothing you need to worry about, Bella; Alice will tell Jasper later," he whispered low enough that no one else could here. The rest of the night, I told the family about the trouble Marie and I got into because of our pranks and tricks. I also told them more about Marie from her interests to her fascinations. They cracked up when I told them about Marie's strange fascination with vampires which warded off a bunch of potential boyfriends for her and gained her the strangest of friends in school. She didn't care that her friends were strange or crazy because to her, she's the same. She didn't care that she didn't have a boyfriend; from her past record, she had the worst luck when it came to them. Tomorrow, Edward and I are going to get Marie after she's settled in and bring her to meet the family. I believe she'll get along just fine with the family. I enjoyed the dinner Esme made me and got ready for bed. Edward took me to bed when it was getting late. I went to sleep peacefully with no worries of Victoria or the newborn in Seattle. AN: I hope y'all enjoyed the chapter. The first time I wrote this and posted it, I was called a Mary Sue writer for making a character like me. Maybe the changes I made helped. Let me know what y'all think! Translations: Vous regardez fabuleux dans : you look fabulous in... Très bonne. Parlez-vous français : Very good. You speak French?... Je m'appelle Marie. Et vous été : My name is Marie. And you are?... Oui, je m'appelle Alice. Je suis une ami de Bella: Yes, my name is Alice. I am a friend of Bella... Enchante : delighted