am so glad that I am not involved in that high school drama now. It was getting old and I am past it all." "What do you mean?" she asked looking over at me. "Just the whole thing of making someone pay attention to you, or the whole does he love me, does he love me not bit. And then the ones who try to date two people at once or plays games. It's all a bit immature." I sighed continuing peeling and cutting up potatoes. "That's true, love and people's feelings are not games to be played with." I nodded. "You know what's awful though?" she went on. "The fact that she hangs all over him and says she needs him, but yet she has an aversion to him being two years younger than her." "Seriously?" I asked this time stopping to look at her. She nodded. "That is the dumbest thing I have ever heard. Age is just a number, it is the maturity level of a person that matters. Obviously I want someone who can be a little immature at times, but at the same time possess that sex appeal. I need someone that I can see me having a sexual relationship with, as well as a full emotional commitment along with having fun at times." I replied. "Sounds like you have thought a lot about what you want." "I have, I am sick of dating little boys who just want fun all the time and sex. I have yet to find one who is serious too. To be honest, I haven't slept with any of the guys I dated because they didn't do it for me." "What does it for you?" Emily asked smirking. "Ahh, you closet perv. I will tell you." She laughed. "Someone who cannot resist me, who I cannot resist or keep my hands off of. A hot body wouldn't be so awful either." We both laughed. "No, no it is not." She said snickering. "Em, I don't want to hear about my brother that way." I said wrinkling up my nose. She gave me a playful shove. I worked on the potatoes and salad while Emily prepared the roast with veggies, or should I say the four humungous roasts with a million vegetables. I had finished setting the table when everyone ran into the house. Sam went to Emily and kissed her while I was picked up by each of the boys. They all hugged me and kissed my cheek before passing me on. My feet dangling the whole time. Jake came in and sat down at the table. He waved and leaned back in the chair, balancing on two legs. "Did you do some cooking too?" he asked. "Yeah, of course and I didn't burn anything." I replied smirking. He chuckled. I could feel my insides melt as I saw his beautiful smile. "Let's eat." Quil said picking me up to move around me. "Girls first" Emily said glaring. Quil sighed and picked me up putting me in front of him again. I laughed. "Thanks Quil." I replied. "I only did it so everyone would know I am first in line after you." "You are a cow." I flicked his nipple because he wasn't wearing a shirt. That is when I noticed that none of the guys were. "Naked much you guys?" I asked raising an eyebrow. "You?" Paul grinned. I rolled my eyes and then flicked his nipple. "Keep that up and I can show you what it does to me." he said wiggling his eyebrows. "You only wish. I am sure your ego makes up for you in that dept." I replied. Leah burst out laughing with the others. "Wanna find out?" he asked in my ear. "Nah you aren't my type. Besides, only a man can take care of my needs, not a little boy with an ego over load." I smiled sweetly. Everyone's eyes grew looking at Paul. Jacob ended up in between us. Paul burst out laughing which shocked everyone. "You are so my favorite person in the world right now." He said chuckling. Relief filled the room. We ate dinner and then I helped Emily clean up. All through dinner I couldn't help but look at Jacob. I don't know why, but every time I found myself looking at someone, it was always him. It was like I felt drawn to him after we talked. I would have felt really dumb and childish if I hadn't met his gaze every time I looked at him. Both of us smiling before looking away. I sighed as I looked at the clock. It was already ten o'clock and we were watching a movie at the moment. Sam and Emily were curled up on the love seat, Embry was on the right side of the couch and Quil was on the left. I on the other hand was curled up in the middle of the two. My head on Quil's chest while his arm was around me and my feet was working their way under Embry's butt. HE looked at me and arched his eyebrow. "My feet are cold." I smiled. He snickered and raised his butt up then sat on my feet before laughing and turning back to the movie. Leah was in the recliner while Seth, Paul and Jacob were in the floor, Jared had went to Kim's before the movie. I must have drifted off to sleep because I suddenly felt myself being lifted up. I jumped and fell to the couch. "Are you ok?" Embry asked laughing. "Yeah, I'm sorry. What time is it?" I asked. "Eleven thirty." He said. "I was just going to carry you to your room." I felt bad then and stood up. "Thanks, but I think I have it from here." I smiled. "If I ever fall asleep, fill free to try again." He smiled. "Goodnight, Embry." I said turning to walk down the hallway. "Night Ava." He chuckled.