everyday there ya are looking more beautiful than the last if that's possible". Wait did he just call me beautiful? I don't know what to say so I just stand there staring at him, my towel firmly covering me. He looks at me from head to toe again and continues. "This is wrong, so wrong your 17. 7 years younger than me, can I ask Ya a question Isabella?", his southern drawl makes me even more wet and I feel it dripping down my thighs, fuck this is embarrassing. "Yes Mr Whitlock", for some reason he's come even closer, he's standing just in front of me now. Towering over me, I lift my head up and look in his beautiful eyes. He takes his hand and twirls a piece of my long black hair in his fingers. Slowly leaning in my ear he whispers, "are you a virgin Isabella, or have ya given yarself to one of these boys in school?", I take in a deep breath and chew on my lip. This is like something straight out my Mr Whitlock fantasies. "I'm a virgin sir, I-I haven't even done anything sexual". He inhales deeply and let's out a moan/soft growl and then his lips crash down on mine. This beats any fantasy I've ever had, I gasp and his tongue plunges into my mouth. I wrap my arms around his neck, this manoeuvre leads to my towel lying on the floor. His hands start on my hips then slowly rise up to cup my naked ass, he moans in my mouth and our tongues battle for dominance. He slowly moves one hand up my side and cups my breast, stroking and teasing my nipple. I moan outright and he peppers kisses down my neck until he takes my nipple into his mouth, just so happens it's the pierced one. He releases it with a pop, "this is so fuckin hot" he says while fingering my piercing. Im panting for breath, is this actually happening. He slowly moves his hand down to my pussy, "so wet Miss Swan, is this all for me". He plunges a finger inside of my and I scream out "Yes", another finger joins the first and he nips and sucks at my neck. God this is too much, "who do you belong to?", he whisper/growls in my ear. "You sir", I pant out. He has three fingers in me now and it feels like he's going at an inhuman speed, it's all too much, my knees buckle a bit. He picks me up swiftly and sprawls me on the desk his fingers still inside me. Im not ashamed to say I'm moaning so loud right now. He kisses me on the lips and growls "mine" then slowly leans down and starts licking my clit while his fingers are still inside me. .God, that's all I can say. "Ya taste fuckin delicious darlin", he says between licks. My head falls back and my eyes roll, I'm screaming at this point. "WHO FUCKIN OWNS YOU", he growls out between licks.. "You", he stops and looks up at me. "You can call me sir Isabella", I want you to let go. I want you to squirt all over me, cover me in your juices. He is unbelievably hot, this is like something out of a porno. "Yes SIRRRRR", before I finish his tongues back on my clit and his fingers are furiously plunging in to me. "So fuckin tight and all mine", that does it, the coil building in my stomach releases and I literally squirt everywhere, it's like I can't disobey him, his mouth is open and my juices are going all over his face and mouth. He stands up quickly and pulls me in for a rough kiss. I'm spread out naked on his desk, and he walks over and grabs my towel. I watch him threw hooded eyes. He wipes his face and hands me the towel. "Isabella, you are a very naughty girl Darlin. When I get home I'm Gonna jerk off in the shower with the image of yar beautiful face when ya came all over me, I wanna fuck ya, claim ya as mine and take your virginity. But it's just not the time darlin". He grabs his cock threw his shorts again and I moan and lick my lips, "I would hurt ya right now sweetheart". He winks at me and slowly walks out the office. I hear him putting shoes and a shirt on and the door closing, and with that he's gone. .FUCK just happened. I quickly stand off the desk and grab all my stuff, wrapping my towel around me I head down to the changing rooms and Change quickly. I run to my truck and hop in. On the way home all I can think about is Mr Whitlock, and my first sexual experience. What does this mean? Ive been obsessed with him since he came to the school but I mean he's older. Maybe it's just a man thing, I mean he did see me in the shower, I was probably just an itch he had to scratch. I sigh and pull up in to the driveway, looking at the clock I see its 11.30am. I head in and start drying my hair by the time it's done it's just after 12. I can't stop thinking about what just happened, I don't think il tell the girls, they're my best friends but this could cause so much trouble if anyone finds out. Logging into facebook on my phone I start browsing, I have a message request. I quickly click on it and see the name, Jasper Whitlock. To- Bella From- Jasper Be careful at the party tonight, and let's keep you and I a secret darlin. X My heart skips a beat, he said "you and I", like we are something! Does that mean we'r Gonna continue things? Fuck, what have I got myself in for.