to me in a language I cannot understand, but I am beyond hearing. Staring at all the toned, tanned, sculpted man at my side is all I can do in this moment. "Bella!" Rose yells, making me jump. I drop my gaze to my lap, ashamed to get caught staring at the long limbs and muscles that ripple over his narrow frame. "What, do you not even speak English now?" "What?" I manage. My voice is hoarse. "You're American!" declares the beautiful boy, smiling widely. He bumps his shoulder into mind and as I blush I wonder what color his eyes are behind his dark sunglasses. "Brilliant. Where from?" Holy shit. That accent, that voice. English and blessedly speaking a language I do actually understand. "Rosalie is from Texas," I say. This stunning male specimen is practically in my lap but it doesn't make sense with Rose right here. She rolls her eyes at me and deliberately puts her book in front of her face, forcing me to interact with the British stranger who is so ridiculously out of my league. "So that's Rosalie," he says, jerking his chin at my roommate. Although the shades make it difficult, it feels like he continues to look at me. "And you are, love?" The nickname shouldn't charm me. In theory the endearment is creepy and should most definitely not charm me. It does. "Bella," I say. Hoping he will mistake my blush for an awful, but short-lived sunburn. "Bella." He caresses my name, pronouncing it like the Chileans do. Their accents make it sound like something special and secret. They make me feel like my name belongs to someone infinitely more sexy and interesting. "Bella. Perfect. And you are American, Bella?" "Yes." "Where in America?" "Washington." "DC?" In his excitement he kicks out his feet, leaving divots in the sand. His enthusiasm makes me smile. "I practically was raised in the capitol. Well, I was practically raised everywhere, but I remain fond of DC, especially in the spring: Cherry blossoms." "No," I say, hating to disappoint him. "I'm from Washington State," "Ah," he says. "I've also been to New York, but this is on the coast opposite to your soggy corner of country, I believe." "You're British. How can you accuse anyone of being soggy?" He throws his head back and laughs. I admire the muscles in his neck and let myself take in the glorious rest of him. He is all lean muscle and sinewy limbs. I blush again. "Fair point," he says. "Well made. Are you from Seattle? I have a cousin in Seattle. Or perhaps a cousin's cousin. Still, a distant relation. Although I've never quite made it out to your east coast, I'm afraid." I find even his blathering to be endearing. "I went to school in Seattle, but I'm from a tiny town north west of there. What about you?" I throw in the question as an after thought. It is something Rosalie says I should ask. I dated my last – and first and only – boyfriend for years and now that I am single again I find myself woeful inept when it comes to simple conversation with excessively handsome boys. "I, sweet Bella, am a child of the world," he announces, spreading his arms out above his head as if to demonstrate. "Bella means beautiful. You must know this. Surely you get told this all the time, but still. An extremely fitting name." "Thank you," I say, still blushing. "But it's a weird compliment, talking about my name seeing as you haven't even told me yours." His friends are yelling at him in Spanish. They are the wolf whistlers. I look at them at the volleyball net, falling all over each other like my students. Rude hand gestures are exchanged and one boy humps the air, making the boy at my side grumble. "My friends are terrible," he mutters. "Remind me to get new ones." I laugh, but there is more yelling in rapid Spanish. Rosalie snorts at something they say from behind her book, and the boy at my side is yelling back, waving his hands around his head and scowling. His dramatics make me grin, even though I have no idea what they are actually saying. Sighing heavily, the boy gets to his feet. Facing me, he backs away towards his friends. "The teams are uneven," he explains. "Apparently, uneven teams are the end of the world. And my name is Edward. Edward Cullen." He gets hit in the head with the volleyball and then his foot slips into a hole in the sand. He makes such a scene with his fall that even Rose puts down her book to stare. He nearly catches himself several times before the momentum gets the best of him and he pitches forward, landing face first in some poor child's sandcastle. His friends are crying they laugh so hard and Rosalie is grinning like an idiot. I am far more charmed than I should be. Edward Cullen lost his glasses in the fall and when he looks up from the sand I can see his eyes. They are green and I blush again. "I give it a ten!" I tell him. Edward laughs, brushing off the sand as he gets to his feet. 'Where are you going to be tonight, love?" he asks. I bite my lip, wracked with indecision. Flirtation is one thing, but I haven't been with anyone since Jacob. Hell, I haven't been with anyone but Jacob, and I'm not sure if I am ready for anything at all, even if it's casual. But he is so damn attractive and painfully endearing. Rose takes the choice away from me. "She'll be at The Casino," says my roommate. "The Casino," Edward repeats, grinning at me. "If you're there, then there is where I'll be." He gives me a salute before turning around and saving the world from a fate of volleyball teams with odd numbers.