but I didn't want her to feel uncomfortable; feel like I was getting to get too personal. We sat in comfortable silence for a few minutes, Bella seemed upset and I didn't want to aggravate her more by saying something inappropriate. The cold wind was blowing around us making the bell on Bella's beanie tingle every now and then. I thought the sweet noise fitted my mood perfectly, and I focused my attention on the unusual accessory. The golden bell no bigger than my thumbnail was attached to the top of the beige beanie, constantly going from side to side and gently tingling with Bella's movement. I wondered if that was a trend. Bella noticed what I was looking at so intently. "It's cute isn't it?" She said excitedly, her eyes shining from the cold. I could see the eighteen year old in her. "Do you get it? Bella…" she pointed at herself, "and a bell!" she finished pointing at the top of her head. Ah… it was her trend. "You're cute." I blurted out. I could immediately feel the blood rushing to my face. "Thank you," she said, blushing furiously too. I could see the outline of a shy smile on her lips. It was then that something occurred to me. If it was her birthday, why wasn't she with her family? It was even stranger since it was also Christmas Eve. "So." I cleared my overused throat and Bella regarded me cautiously. "I guess you won't be celebrating your birthday since you hate it so much, am I right?" I saw her shifting uneasily under my gaze. "No, I won't. It's not as if I would have anyone to invite anyway…. I don't really have friends." She shrugged dejectedly and my heart squeezed painfully in my chest for her; in that moment she reminded me of how lonely I was too. "Still, I am sure your parents would like to celebrate the day at least; you don't turn eighteen twice." I watched as my sweet angel flinched harshly at the mention of her parents and her face contorted in what seemed like… distaste? I wasn't sure. "Bella?" I almost reached out to touch her; to try to comfort her in some way but I didn't want to scare her away with my forwardness. Did I upset her with all my questions already? God, I hoped that wasn't the case. "Can't we talk about something else?" Her voice was emotionless and when her eyes met mine instead of the cold gaze I thought they would hold, I saw my beautiful girl's brown eyes full of fear. "Please?" She said in such a small voice, I almost didn't hear her. I slowly took her hand in mine and squeezed it gently. "Sure. Anything you want, jingle bell." I said with a cheeky grin trying to make her happy again. She giggled sweetly clearly not realizing how serious I was. I would do anything for her and it was scary as hell. I was already possessive and protective of her after knowing her for only an hour. We spent that entire afternoon talking and sharing stories; she told me all about her passion for books and writing, about her dream of becoming an author and making people happy with her words. I told her about my love for music, my piano and how much I missed playing it. I also told her how much I wanted to teach, show people how wonderful music can make you feel. Bella sat there in the cold with me, listening with care and attention to the hopes and dreams of an homeless man. And the homeless man listed as well to the stunning young woman, admiring her, fascinated by her beautiful mind. It was completely natural between the two of us, like we had always known each other. Hours passed without us noticing the day slowly changing, enveloping us in darkness. Soon, the streets emptied, shop's shutters began closing, and the sounds of Christmas celebrations could be heard. Bella started to panic. "Oh my god, oh my god, Edward please tell me that this is not the real time!" She pleaded to me after glancing at the street clock, which read, 7 minutes until 9. She didn't even let me answer before she scrambled to her feet, quickly gathering the garbage from our earlier meal and literally throwing it in the bag all the while mumbling to herself. "I am so screwed! I just hope Charlie isn't back from work yet. God, what am I supposed to do! Why are you so stupid, Bella Swan?" I felt bad. She may be chastised by her parents for being late. But I couldn't help but smile a little at her ramblings. As quick as I had smiled, I began to frown…my angel was leaving me. Will she come back? Tomorrow? Next week? Next month?! What would I do if she didn't come back at all? I could feel my breathing becoming raged as the panic started to spread through my body. Just before she turned around to run down the street, Bella bent down to leave a soft kiss on my forehead. "See you tomorrow, Edward!" She yelled from the end of the street, waving her arms in the air extravagantly while hoping up and down and finally turning the corner. Me? I sat there with the biggest grin on my face. I felt like I had won the lottery. Suddenly, I didn't care that I was homeless, or that I was alone on Christmas Eve. Because I was happy and damn if it didn't feel good. So voila! I can't wait to hear your theories. I hoped you enjoyed it and please leave me a little review ;) Ps: I know some of you are curious about my other stories. The next chapters are ready and just to be Beta'ed and posted. Rec: Boys Will Be by Postapocalypticdepository! One of the funniest story I've ever read!