plates, as they needed to clean up before they brought out dessert. Emmett stretched loudly and Rosalie rolled her eyes and laughed at him. Bella took that as her cue and pushed her chair to get up. All eyes were on her, they had an idea about what she was going to do, but let her do it. "It was lovely meeting you all, but I should be getting home now. I've had a long day." . Emmett and Edward wink at Jasper, this was their favorite part; watching the girl realize her new fate. The moment she realized that there was no way out and this was her new home made them instantly hard. They both admitted to Jasper, that besides taking their wives virginity by force, that first moment they realized they now belonged here, made them horny. . Esme stood up and walked over to Bella and rubbed her arms, "You are home dear." Bella stood in silence. What did that mean? Where they going to kill her, beat her? Lock her in the closet? She started to shake and tears fell from her eyes. "Excuse me?" . Jasper stood up and rubbed her back. He now understood what his brothers meant as he tried to fight the boner in his pants. "Bella, I thought it would be a nice surprise to have all your stuff packed up and moved in while we were at the diner and having dinner here. We have our own wing, as does everyone in this house. We have our own master bedroom and bath, three rooms for kids one day, a beautiful deck and a small kitchen. It's like a house within a house. You'll love it." . She looked at him in utter disbelief, the tears fell harder as her breathing became shallow. "I don't know what is going on, but I am leaving here, now." She pushed hard against him and tried to move away but he grabbed her and pulled her against him. She could feel his hard cock against her hips and gasped. He smiled at the fear on her face and thought about all the ways in which he'd use her body tonight. Bella feels light-headed as she looked at him. His face showed all his menacing thoughts, maybe it would be better to die. Her head felt heavy and her legs light while the room began to spin and she fell backwards. He caught her and pulled her up into his arms. "Bring her upstairs Jasper, your brothers will accompany you even though she's fainted. You have smelling salt in the bathroom if you need it." He nodded at his mother and carried her up to their bedroom. Rosalie and Alice both kissed their husbands and watched them leave to go with Jasper. Esme knew that both women knew their place, but always liked to make sure. "Ladies, we have lots of planning to do for Bella and Japer's wedding." That snapped Alice out of her thoughts about her first night here as she immediately started to imagine all the different dresses, Bella might wear. She couldn't wait to help; she enjoyed fashion immensely. Rosalie felt for Bella, but knew that this life will be better for her than the one she was leaving.. "What do you think her style might be Esme?" . Before Esme could answer Carlisle interrupted. "Can I just say how deliriously happy I am to have my beautiful women here with me at the table. Soon, Bella will join us and eventually our first grandchild." That made Rosalie smile even more and she rubbed her belly. "I can't wait to find out what the sex is." . Jasper walked into his wing and through to his bedroom. He lay Bella on the bed and as he went to undress her, Edward stopped him. "No, make her take off her own clothes. It will be even hotter that way." Emmett nodded, "She'll have no choice but to submit to you, she has nowhere to go, doesn't know how to get out of her. She'll scream and fight, but her body will love it." . Edward smiled, "After all the pussy's we've eaten and fucked, there's nothing better than virgin pussy. It'll always seem like virgin pussy because you're the only man whose claimed it." . Emmett rubbed his hands together, "Every time I fuck Rosalie, I know that my cock's the only one that's been in her. Makes me hard all the time." . Jasper nodded and listened to his brothers and couldn't wait for Bella to wake up. Emmett slapped his shoulder, "Have fun tonight but remember, we want all the details tomorrow." Jasper nodded and watched as they walked out. He got up and locked the bedroom door and then sat back down next to Bella. . He thought about the noises she'd make when he fucks her. He wondered how wet she'd get. Would she fight or give in easily? Would he have to tie her down? He ran his fingers around her covered breasts and pussy, enjoying the feeling of that soft skin. He hoped she fights a little as he'd love to handcuff her to the bed. . A/N: WOW! What kind of fucked up family is Bella in? Why does Bella think he wants to kill her? How could her father just let her go off with Jasper? Wonder what the deal was? What do you think about Jasper and his brothers talk while Bella lay unconscious in bed? Please, no complaints about the talk of rape. You were warned! . Reviewers will get a teaser for CH 2. So if you want a little tease then simply take a minute and write a review. . Want a response from a specific character, ask away and they will answer... If you can correctly guess what might happen I will let you know if you are on the right track...without being given too much info. \