it on anything," Phil said, while pulling out his wallet. "You're giving me your wallet?" I asked him, looking at him like he was crazy. He cracked a real smile, while my mom started to laugh, and said, "No, I'm not giving you my wallet, I'm giving you this," he said, while pulling out a black card. I stood there shocked for a moment. "That's an unlimited card," I muttered, slowly reaching my hand out to grab it. "Thank you guys, thank you so much," I said happily. We made it to the security part, and they called for the first class section of my plane to make it's way to the plane. I hugged mom and Phil one last time before I made my way through security and on the plane. I fell asleep on the plane and woke to being shaken by the stewardess telling me that we were about to land. I got off the plane once it was landed, and started to look for Charlie and Billy. I quickly found them and ran over to them, dodging the random people that were in my way. "DADDY! BILLY!" I shouted at them. They looked over to where I was and saw me running. Daddy held his arms open for me, and I jumped into them, and finally feeling as if I'm at home, or close to home. "Bella, since I know you, Renee, and Phil, you probably brought a lot of stuff, right?" Billy asked. "Only about 6 or 7 bags, and my car," I said, with a straight face. "Glad about the reinforcements then," I heard Charlie mutter as he let me go. "Reinforcements?" I asked, raising a brow at him. He put his hands on my shoulders and spun me around to where I was looking behind me, and I saw four Quileute boys and Lee-lee. "LEE-LEE!" I shouted, jumping on her, almost the same way I did Charlie. "BELLS-BELLS!" she shouted back, catching me, and we started to giggle. One of the guys, I don't know who, but it looked like Seth, said, "Really? You go running straight to Lee-lee and leave me with Jake, Paul, and Jared?" "Sorry, Sethy, didn't know who you guys were. I would never forget Lee-lee though. She's my best friend. Oh, and which one of you is Paul?" I asked, looking at the other three. "I need to kick your ass," I stated, more to myself, but of course, Lee-lee heard me, and pointed to the one that was standing next to Sethy. I looked him up and down, and when I saw his eyes, I just froze, I stopped breathing, and I felt my eye's roll to the back of my head and I fainted. I woke up quickly to see that Lee-lee caught me, and the guys were laughing at Paul, who looked so sad. I felt the urge to go and hug him but yet…I still need to get revenge on him calling Lee-lee a bitch. And I need to figure out what the hell just happened. "Bells-Bells, you alright?" Lee-lee asked me. "Yeah, I'm fine. C'mon, lets go get my bags," I said, getting up and walking to where the baggage claim is at. I faintly heard whispering behind me, and then an 'OW!' By the time that we reached baggage claim, all my bags had already came out, and they were in a row. I grabbed them all, and Lee-lee and the guys all carried one, leaving me without anything to carry. We got outside, and I see my car, and I thank the lord that Phil had it sent to where I could pick it up when I got to the airport. I grabbed my keys and unlocked the car and pulled on Leah's arm. "Lee-lee, you want to ride with me?" I asked her, smirking my evil smirk. She saw my smirk and knew something was up, so she nodded her head and let me lead her to my car. I grabbed my phone and dialed Billy's cell number. "Hello?" he asked. "Billy, it's me, Lee-lee and I are going to ride in my car, so, don't wait up!" I told him. "K, behave," he said hanging up. "Oh, we'll behave alright," I muttered darkly to Leah who started to cackle madly. I popped the trunk and Leah put my the bag that she had in there before getting in the passenger side. I got in the drivers side and started to rev the engine. Leah told me where my dad and Billy parked so I drove towards them first. When I got there, I rolled down my window and wolf-whistled at them. "Hey, Sethy? Do you want a ride?" I asked him seductively. "Hells Bells, of course I do," he said, staring at my baby. "Well…too bad," I said, before I floored it out of the parking lot and towards the freeway. I drove while Leah and I started to talk about life on the rez. When we got into the rez, Leah started to give me directions on where to go to get to the Black-Swan house, as she liked to call it. "Black-Swan?" I asked her, loving the name. "Yeah. Oh, and it looks like Sam is there too," she said, pointing to a truck that I knew all too well. I pulled up, and smirked again before getting out of my car. I whistled loudly, and saw Sam poke his head out the door. He came running for me while I went for his truck and had my key out and ready. I carved, 'Isabella Marie Swan-Dwyer OWNS!' on the one side of it and smirked at him. I walked up to him while smiling innocently. "Just remember. Pay backs a bitch," I told him, right as Charlie and the rest of the guys pulled up. "Hey, Sam, I need to ta- What the hell happened to the truck?" Paul asked. "Bella…" Sam said, still in shock.