brow, he growls the simple fact, "I knew you'd come." Oh, my gosh! This boy is positively undomesticated! Never lessening the intensity in his dark gaze full of promise and mystery that holds her in place on her front porch, he slowly swings his leg over the motorcycle and with an unhurried grace, he moves toward her, smooth and free like water over rocks. And Bella realizes that she can't breathe… again . Her inhales are shallow and her exhales are almost nonexistent. As her head gets light and as her spine tingles, she is aware of how deeply under his spell she truly is, and how much she does not want to ever see clearly again. He is on her now… soooo close she can feel the heat from his body ( ah, that body... ). "Stop. Biting. Your. Lip. Bella." EEK! A private smile dances on his lips and in his eyes as it dawns on her that his amusement is at her expense. But this time, with him , she doesn't care. "So, what are you gonna tell, Eddie-boy?" (Oh, no! Not the smirk again!) "Well, what exactly are you saying to me Mr. Black?" (Oh, two can play this game…) "We both know what you want. But it's not something you can have . Unless…" (Ignore the eyebrow!) No, two cannot play; two most definitely cannot play! An annoying, high-pitched ringing is looping through her ears and as she tilts her head to the side in confusion, Jake's devious smirk turns into an all-out sunny smile. "You gonna get that?" As she frantically blinks to clear her head of the cobwebs, she realizes that her muddled mind was not playing tricks on her. The incessant ringing was coming from the telephone hanging on her kitchen wall. Turning back into the house, she runs for the phone, desperately accepting any distraction so that she can give herself time to think things through. "BELLA!" (Request for distraction: denied.) Crap! "Yes, Ed-ward." She could do icy. "I've been thinking 'bout it - I couldn't even go back to practice this has me so upset - I'm serious, Bella, I don't want that kid anywhere near you." (Oh, he is demanding.) Bella hears the front door close and looks up to see Jake saunter into her living room. The intensity present in his coal black eyes pins her to the counter, and as she stares back at him, she realizes that she simply cannot let this boy go! "Well, Eddie, that's not gonna happen. You see our fathers are frien…" "I DON'T CARE ABOUT THAT, BELLA!" She listens to his heavy breathing on the other end of the line as he tries to calm himself down, and turning to face the window, she waits. "Sorry. But that Greaser just gets me all worked up is all." She is sure that Eddie truly thought that he was apologizing to her, but like she'd already told him, no one can call Jake that, especially him! And this just happens to be their biggest problem: Eddie does not listen to her… pretty much, EVER! With frozen water chilling her veins, Bella spits acid through her gritted teeth; low, quiet, and sinister, " I told you not to ever call him that again. " Behind her, she hears Jake chuckle, and apparently, Eddie does, too. "IS HE THERE NOW, BELLA? YOU BETTER MAKE HIM LEAVE! IT'S HIM OR ME, BELLA 'CAUSE YOU KNOW I'M NOT SHARING! AND YOU BETTER MAKE THE RIGHT CHOICE!" She turns and locks eyes with Jake, and finally being honest with herself, she acknowledges that he has held her heart all ... summer… long . Taking a deep breath to steady her nerves, she metaphorically leaps, "It's him ." A sharp inhale on the other end of the line followed by… nothing. Bella stands there with the telephone against her ear, basking in the afterglow of her decision, watching the boy who is nonchalantly leaning into the frame of her kitchen door, and she is unequivocally, without a doubt, 100% sure that she would do a nything he asks. "Eddie, I have to go. My boyfriend's back." And with that, she hangs up the telephone, cutting off a series of screeches that are coming through the line. Feeling an enormous amount of relief, Bella smiles at Jake, all sunshine and rainbows, as the heaviness immediately lifts from her shoulders. She feels so light and airy that she can easily imagine her body floating up to cloud nine all on its own. Holding his hand out to her, and mirroring the joy that he evidently sees in her face, Jake is asking her to trust him. Placing her hand in his open palm, she answers him with a resounding, "Yes!" "Come on, Bella. Let's go somewhere." "Where?" " You know ." And with that, another burst of butterflies escapes because, yes, she does know. As they walk back out the front door, she passes by Eddie's letterman jacket and imagines Jake's leather jacket hanging in its place. A small, private smile crosses her lips, and she decides to just return Eddie's things to Alice tomorrow at school. Closing and locking the door, she turns around and smacks right into Jake. He's looking down at her with adoration running behind his eyes as he states the simple fact, "I knew you'd come." Smiling up at him, she nods, and they walk hand-in-hand down the steps and onto the driveway. Bella stands back and appreciates his long, lean body as he throws his leg over the motorcycle. Straddling in behind him, she wraps her arms around his waist, feeling each of his muscles flex under his shirt, and mentally doing the 'happy dance' as they make their way to the cliffs of La Push. The place where Jake will make her heart skip a beat today... for the fourth time. * Alright, hit me with your thoughts and "feels" if ya wanna. ;-)