like the color. Dr. Cullen had another doctor come in and apply the cast since it was not his specialty. Ethan handled it as well as any two and a half year old would. He cried. After the cast was applied they Dr. Cullen said he needed to finish examine Ethan and he removed the boys shirt and immediately frowned. I looked down at the boy and gasped softly. He was covered in new bruises, old healing bruises, few old scars and a few burns. Dr. Cullen put on a calm face quickly and pulled out a camera and took pictures of the injuries. Also once his shirt was removed it was pretty obvious he was pretty skinny and under weight. The doctor cleaned the cuts and bandaged them as best he could. Then it came time to remove his pants to check his legs. "NOO , no no." He said gripping his pants. Obviously not allowing Dr. Cullen to finish the exam and he was much more upset then he had been the whole time we were at the hospital. "I just want to finish your check up Ethan what's wrong?" Dr. Cullen asked the terrified toddler. "No you huwt me like dada and mama." Obviously he had gone through something pretty badly. Five minutes later he had gotten so hysterical they decided they had to sedate him, for his own well being and so they could properly examine him. As I sat in the hall the police arrived and asked me for a statement for their records. I refused to leave the hospital so they gladly took my statement then and there. I reiterated the story I had an told a few different people all ready. Nothing had changed much besides the stuff that happened since arriving but they would get the information from the doctor or not from me, a random women who saved the boy. The cop recorded the statement and wrote notes as well. Asking a few different questions before thanking me for the treatment. I asked if they knew more information about Ethan and he seemed to debate telling me for a few moments but he finally told me everything. I figured it was because I was the daughter of the chief in Forks. Also because I had demanded information because I felt a connection to the boy. The doctors say he was molested and beaten badly by his mother and father. He is malnourished and dehydrated Victoria admitted to it but we can not find James. He is not the boys biological father. It seems he found out and took off before we could get him into custody. Victory squealed pretty quickly. Out for herself and no one else." He shook his head slightly. Clearly hating everything that had happened to the boy and the fact a mother could allow such a thing to occur. "He is not going back to them right?" I asked quickly. Honestly I think I would have kidnapped the child if he was going anywhere near those people again. The cop smiled a bit and shook his head. "No, definitely not. He will be put in foster care. The father is unknown he he will likely be adopted once Victoria is charge and her rights as terminated." "Can I become his father parent?" I asked quickly before I even realized what I was saying. I was basically demanding the right to care for a child who I had just met. When just today I was sure I did not want kids so early in life! He sighed a bit before answering my demand. "I do not know Ms. Swan...but he seems to be very attached to you and trust you because you helped him. I think your chances are pretty good. I will put in a good word for you. He seems to be waking up now. "You should head in, it is not normal procedure to let anyone but family in but it is a special case so go on inside." He smiled gently. A few tears fell from my eyes but I nodded and quickly headed inside. I absolutely would be applying for guardianship of the child. They had Ethan attached to an IV and was in a hospital gown. He had a bandage on the back of his head where he got hurt when he fell, but other then that he looked alright. He slowly opened his green eyes and stared around the room before whimpering softly, clearly distressed by the current situation."Shhh, it is alright Ethan. I am right here and I am not going any where...just go back to sleep hun, you need to rest..." I cooed softly and stroked his har and rested my other hand against his. It did not take too long for sleep to over take him once more. I smiled softly and stroked his cheek. I knew then and there, seeing his frightened green eyes that I would not let him go somewhere with out me. I was going to fight to become his foster parent and then adopt him. For now I sat there holding his little hand and watching him sleep. He was such a beautiful child. This little boy would definitely be my son. I knew it. Something inside of me told me he would indeed be mine. Little Ethan... I did not know if Emmett won his jeep or not but I had gotten something better. A son. Even if it was not the best of circumstnces and he was not biologicaly mine but he would be my son. If somehow I did not get what I wanted I would fight to be a part of his life. For now though I believed he would definitely be mine. "I wonder how dad would like to be a grandfather..." A small laugh left my lips imagining my father as a grandfather. Please review! Hope the edit is better then the first time I uploaded it!