eventually settled down to watch a movie until I kicked everyone out for the night. We agreed to go have breakfast together at the diner and decided to meet there at 9 in the morning. Three months later…. Bella and I fell into an easy routine. She was hired at the school here on the Rez and she shined as a teacher. All her students loved her. My girl became great friends with Leah, Rachel, Kim, and Claire. Paul even got close to her, seeing her as his sister. We had seen Edward once after Bella left him. He was stupid enough to come on First Beach with Emily thinking it would make us jealous. We simply laughed and walked off and haven't seen them since. My dad loves my girl so much. Sometimes, I think he even loves her more than me. Bella's divorce was well on the way and her lawyer told her that she wouldn't even need to appear in court. It turned out that Emily was pregnant and Edward's parents were pushing him to get the divorce final so he could marry Emily before she started showing. The news didn't surprise either of us, not even the lawyer. I had already purchased the ring and was planning on asking Bella to marry me the day we found out she was legally free. I had everything set up and even learned how to cook the meal that we would be eating. When the news finally came, I was nervous. What if she said no? I cooked the meal, set up candles and had "The List" by Ne-Yo ready to play. It was the song that we danced to the night we met. I had told Bella one night that the song reminded me of her and that if anything ever took her away from me, I would make my own list of the things that I would miss about her. She kissed me and we made love listening to the song that night. That was the night we said 'I love you' for the first time. When she walked in, I helped her out of her coat and led her to the table. She gave me a quick kiss before she sat in her seat and smiled at me with so much love. "Oh, Baby, this is all so beautiful. What's the occasion?" She asked looking at the table, the food, and the candles. I slid the letter over to her and she opened it and squealed, launching herself in my arms. I hugged her and pressed kisses all over her face. I helped her sit back down and uncovered her plate of shrimp fettuccine and garlic bread with a side salad. We ate while stealing glances at each other and a chaste kisses between bites. When I grabbed dessert, I placed the ring on top of the piece of cake that I made, pressed play on the stereo, and put her plate down after I knelt in front of her. She looked at me and then at the dessert, her eyes landing on the ring. She turned back to me and her gaze held all the love she had for me. I picked the ring up and held it between my thumb and middle finger. "Bella, I once told you that if you were ever taken away from me that I would make my own list. It would be so similar to the words he sings because his list is my list. I love you with all my heart and every day I am so thankful that I went to Port Angeles that night. I'll spend the rest of my life making you happy, loving you, and taking care of you. You are my best friend, my lover, and my partner. Will you please marry me?" "Yes," she cried. "I love you so much, Jacob." I slid the ring on her finger and then kissed her tears away, finally bringing my lips to hers. We didn't eat dessert until later that night. Six months after I proposed we were married and I found out on our honeymoon that I was going to be a father. I couldn't have been happier. Bella pregnant with my child was a sight to behold. She was radiant, rounded with my baby growing inside her. Her pregnancy went smoothly and nine months later we had a son, Jacob Ephraim Black, Jr. He weighed 7 lbs. 8 oz. and was 21 inches long. Two years later, we had Sarah Annabeth Black. She was a tiny little thing, only weighing 6 lbs. 1 oz. and was 16 inches long. I loved Bella more and more every day and the day she was taken from me, I made a list. I read it every time I sit and remember the life we shared. I think about her hair, her eyes and nose. The way she would stare as if she saw straight into my soul. I think about our quiet time, her beautiful mind. I think about her laugh, smile, and the way we kissed. What I noticed is this; I come up with something new every single time that I sit and reminisce. I dream of her every night and look at pictures of her every second that I am awake. I had sixty years with her, but it wasn't long enough. She lives in my memories forever more and I can't wait for the day that I am reunited with her. The stories that she would tell when we laid in bed all afternoon, touching her face, invading her space. They are all part of the list, things that I miss. Every night that I would close my eyes, I would see her and wake up every morning only to realize that I had lost her to cancer. I pray that one morning I won't wake up, but until then I have my list that I read and cry over every day.