meeting right after. Newton wants me to stop talking about guys' asses on the air. I want Newton to fuck off and die. I think both of us are headed for disappointment. Emmett amuses me during the meeting by making faces behind Newton's back as he berates me for all the butt-talk, telling me I will completely alienate all the male listeners, and the female listeners I might attract won't stay once I move back to afternoons. I sit stone-faced while he talks and entertain myself by thinking of ways to make him scream like a little girl. I don't think it would be difficult. Newton also tells us that starting tomorrow, the show will be streamed live via webcam. He looks pointedly at me and declares that he doesn't want me to wear a hat on camera. I was mildly annoyed with him before. Now I am pissed . I am not allowed to talk about the butts of grown men who run around in spandex pants on television, but he is allowed to blatantly parade me in front of other grown men to attract web hits? Nice. Maybe he'd like me to just show up in a bikini tomorrow. Whatever. I'm now officially tuned out. Leaning back in my chair, I make my Target list in my head, wasting time by inventing mnemonic devices to remind me of all the things I need so I won't forget anything. I could just grab a pen and blatantly write my list in full view of Newton, but I really was going to play nice with him... for a few days at least. I'll save my clear-cut animosity for another time. Also, Charlotte and Kate have been really good to me. Their father built this station from the ground up and it's an important legacy to them. I don't want to let them down. They gave me a paying intern job when I was 21 and broke, and offered me a full-time position when I graduated from college. They paired me with Riley and promoted the hell out of our show, helping make it into the time-slot winner it's been for the last fifteen months. I "mmhmm" and nod my way through the rest of the meeting, wondering how it is that Newton thinks Emmett and I are paying attention. Emmett is making popping noises with his mouth. I'm repeatedly curling and uncurling the toes on my right foot so that my flip flop slaps against my heel in time with the song in my head. We're both acting a little like sixth graders – but we have a really horrible teacher. Finally, Newton wraps it up and I launch myself out of the chair. "Bella," Newton says, "I expect you to pay attention tomorrow… about everything. I'd hate to have to call Kate and Charlotte on your second day." I turn away, bristling at his attempted blackmail. "Of course, Michael ," I reply sweetly. I know he hates to be called by his first name – he feels like a jock, an athlete, if everyone calls him by his last name. He probably even makes his wife call him Newton in bed. I usually do call him Newton, but not because he likes it. It's more a product of my childhood – growing up around college and pro football players. I call almost everyone by their last name at least part of the time. For the next few hours, I shut myself in my tiny office to research some baseball stats. It looks like the Mariners could make the post-season, which they haven't done as long as I've been a sports commentator. I find some interesting historical information and familiarize myself with the rest of the teams who will likely be in the post-season, too. Riley comes in to talk for a while. He and Emmett are my two best friends at the station. Well, since I find it difficult to let my guard down emotionally, they're my two best friends anywhere. That doesn't mean we're exceptionally close, just that I'm not exceptionally close with anyone outside my family. I don't really have girlfriends. There's a girl in my building, Jessica, that I hang out with a couple of times a month, but, like my dad, I've always been content to be alone. I wonder if that has anything to do with all the first dates. Yeah, it probably does. I'd rather be alone than be with someone just to be with someone. It's lunchtime when I finally leave the station. I call my stepmom, Sue, but she can't get away from work. I settle for a drive-thru, eating in my car on the way to Target. I'm able to get everything I need except the one freaking thing I really wanted to buy: A coffee pot with an automatic timer. I know that I can't survive another morning without one – ah, the dramatic bitch is still alive in there somewhere – so I drive from place to place and eventually end up at Williams-Sonoma, buying a coffee maker that costs more than my weekly pay was when I started working. It's ridiculous, but it's a necessary evil. Since it grinds its own beans, I also stop at a way-too-expensive gourmet market and spend an hour wandering the aisles, finally leaving with coffee beans, red wine and a bar of dark chocolate. When I get to my apartment building, there's nowhere to park. I spend ten minutes circling the block before I find a spot and even then, it's a hike to my building. But I'm getting home just when the local news will be starting. I'm excited to see what the Seahawks were up to today while I enjoy the dark chocolate and a really full glass of Cabernet. When I open the door to my apartment, I gasp…then I yell. "Holy mother of God, give me a freaking break!" Chapter 2 will post tomorrow. Please review. :)