with a sour face. She was never good at facing complicated situations. "You left? You actually left?!" Alice was fuming, screeching like a banshee on crack. "If it was me, I would have beaten him up until he throws up blood and dies!" she huffed crossing her arms across her chest. The thought of Alice beating up someone made Bella laughed. Like she could even beat a Smurf. "It's not a big deal Al. I just felt so stupid… Thank God no one knows about that; it would be so humiliating." She said turning to make her way back inside of the room. During this time, Edward and Jacob were sitting in their booth not really talking. "So… how are the kids?" tentatively asked Jake. After the death of his brother Peter two months prior, Edward decided to take his niece and nephew, little Esmeralda and Carlisle, under his care. Their mother left them after Carlisle's birth three years ago and never came back. Knowing exactly what would happen if they were sent to foster care, he didn't think twice before taking them home with him. However, the children, used to travel all the time with their father around the world, had difficulties adapting to the city life and were causing a ruckus around the house daily. "What do you think? They are only six and three years old… Every nanny that I hired doesn't stay more than two days because of the little devils or because I fired her. I swear if she doesn't try to get in my pants and gets fired, she is either leaving the house in an ambulance or in a crazy frenzy after one of their pranks," he sighed loudly. "The nanny agency is not willing to send me nannies anymore, so I have to search one myself." Edward shook his head thinking about all the nannies he had to hire and fire in the span of two months only. Deciding to change the subject, he teased his old friend. "Hey, your mother called me a few days ago, asking me to introduce a girl to you!" He winked for good measure. Jacob laughed loudly, "My mother is crazy! Asking Edward Cullen, divorce specialist lawyer, to introduce a girl to me!" They both laughed, the atmosphere now lighter. Bella appeared then with their plates. "Here is your barbecued salmon, Sir," she said smiling. Groaning, Edward clenched his fist, fighting not to lose his temper. "I asked for a smoked salmon for fuck's sake! Not a barbecued one! Are you dumb or can't you understand anything?" He was yelling but he didn't care. That girl was really too much. He looked up at her. She wasn't even listening to him; her attention seemed focused on another table. Alice was screaming at a short bald man, stretching herself to her full height, probably trying to look scary. Well, good job on that. Bella rushed to her friend's side completely forgetting about Edward. "What's going on?" she asked. "Bella! That person has been annoying me all night! Do something!" she demanded pointing to the man who was looking at Alice with what seemed like adoration. "Alice! I really like you!" He looked like he was going to start bawling soon. "But I don't like you!" Alice huffed stomping her foot. Bella sighed loudly and turned to the crazy stalker costumer. "Sir, you've heard her, she doesn't like you. These types of situation cannot be forced. Plus, this is a public place. May I ask you to not disturb our other costumers?" she asked in a calm voice, smiling at Alice. Still he wasn't leaving. "I won't give up! As long as you give me a chance I will be the greatest boyfriend on Earth!" God, this is ridiculous , Bella thought. Alice gave him a big smile "Sure, you could be the greatest! Still, there's one thing that's not good…" She paused. "You're a guy! Sorry … I am not interested in guys." Her grin widened seeing his shocked expression. Edward and Jacob were watching intently, entirely amused by the situation. The stalker didn't seem to believe her so she went on, "Don't believe me? Then I'll prove it to you." On those words Alice turned to Bella, grabbed her face in her little hands , before crying over cheerfully "Baby!" and kissed her square on the lips in front of the stunned costumers. Jay's Corner: Ho-Ho-Ho (This is my best Santa Claus imitation! Be grateful!) What did you think? Like it or what? I know a lot of things are missing. I will give explanations gradually . Like what happened with their father, and between Edward and Jake for them to be that awkward. Please, leave me some love! Review! Okay, before I start with my Fics Recommendations, I have to warn you: I am a mating/ possessiveward / mafiaward addict. I am serious. So don't be shocked if the stories I put in here have … you know … recurrent themes. The first is one of my Omega's! I love her stories, so check them out ^^ The One for Me by Amaryllis-Amy (FF) Edward was always the loner in the Cullen family, and had decided to live on his own, but this quickly changes when he meets the mate that he has been longing for, but a jealous Tanya doesn't want them to have their happily ever after. This is a story about how love can conquer anything. M for a reason. The second one is certainly the one I read the most since I am on FF. The author drive me nuts because her stories are exactly what I love. Sweet E/B stories… My Sweet Angel by kiseger (FF) After Jake kissed Bella against her will in Eclipse, she can't forgive him. She decides to accept Edward's proposal and their relationship is stronger than ever. Jake's furious and loses his control. Edward drops his boundaries, with unexpected consequences. No Victoria. Lemons Bye Sweeties!