blood pulsated in my veins, years of therapy couldn't keep the rage from imploding inside of me and I felt the familiar adrenalin race through my core. "You are not the only one!" I shouted. "They sent me away too! I don't know how the cops found out! We were a couple and we got caught, you dumb hick-" A burst of pain exploded at the side of my face, I heard a sickening crunch sound as my nose shifted and broke, and blood flowed down my throat making me gag loudly. Searing pain shot through my head when I hit the floor roughly. Groaning I held my nose trying to stop the blood that was streaming down my neck. "I won' say it again." He snarled, before walking past me towards the living room. "Get out." Dizzily and with blurry eyes I watched him leave. The room was spinning and when I rolled onto my side the pain pierced my entire body. Slowly I picked myself off the floor and stumbled back into my room. Fighting my disorientation I staggered towards the bathroom and managed to clean myself up. "Fuck," I breathed, when I saw the large dark purple bruise on my nose and left eye. Jasper had hit me more than once. Tears burned when I began to understand the meaning of his hatred. Before when we had gotten into fights he would always look after me attentively, now he didn't care. Fully clothed I crawled into bed, my eyes were wide open as I stared into the darkness, vaguely I could hear Jasper in the kitchen. Tonight had been a total fucking disaster and I knew if I pushed him it would only get worse. He was a stubborn. We both knew that, he'd forgive me on his terms or not at all. I was late for work. Rushing to get dressed I sprinted out of the apartment with minutes to spare. This meeting with Mr. Smith was very important to the company and I knew Garrett would be pissed if we didn't go over the case files together. Jumping into the car I barked at Aro to move it so that I we could get there faster. Once I got inside the office I breathed a deep sigh of relief when I saw that Garrett wasn't in yet. With a few minutes to myself I thought about calling Jasper and telling him I was at work. Fiddling with the phone I contemplated it, but in the end decided that would be stupid because he already knew where I was. "Alright," Garrett announced as he barged through my office doors. "Let's get this over with so we can have an early lunch-shit," He cursed. "What the fuck happened to your face?" "It's nothing," I muttered, shying away from him. Fuck, I completely forgot about it. "Here take some Advil," He said handing me some pills and some water. "Looks like a fucking train hit it," Choking it down, I dodged his attempts at examining me. "Can we get back to the case now?" "Who did this?" He demanded. "Nobody, let's drop it," "Don't lie to me was it Jasper? That son of a bitch. I'm calling the police." He walked over to my desk to pick up the phone. "No!" I yelled frantically snatching the phone out of his hand. "It was an accident, he didn't mean it!" "This isn't the first time he's hit you! We both know that." Garrett snarled. "Jesus, fuck," "You don't know shit about our relationship, so drop it!" I growled. He scoffed. "Relationship…? Edward, you were sixteen when he stole your virginity. He never met your family because you guys had to hide in secrecy. He wouldn't even call you his boyfriend. That's not a relationship." "Back off." "For now I will. But if he fucking hurts you again, I swear to god he is dead." I sighed in relief. "Fine, Mr. Smith will be here in ten minutes so let's go over the case." Mumbling under his breath we went back to work. Ten to nine we got ready for our meeting in one of our board rooms. With our team we all sat at a very large table, Garrett and I at the head while the rest sat around us. Thirteen members were on our counsel, only three of them I trusted with my life. Tanya, smooth talking lawyer who could settle any case with a click of her ruby slippers, her platinum blonde hair and good looks didn't hurt either. To her left was Kyle, a true New Yorker who grew up in the Bronx, a joker at heart but he could sniff out a liar anywhere. Leah was a Native American, top of her class in criminal justice and civil law she knew her shit. The one thing they all had in common was that they had never lost a case. These three had help build the foundation of this firm and they were the ones that brought in the most money. "Jesus, what happen to your face?" Tanya asked as she sat down with the rest of the team. "Nothing," I dismissed. "So, why the fuck are we all here at this ungodly hour?" Leah demanded. "Mr. Smith," I said, while Seth handed out copies of his case file. "If we win this he is willing to donate half a million dollars to E&G firm." "Ohh, can you say pay day! I can just smell the money," Kyle grinned. "Call in your twisted cops, bullshit forensic scientists and judges because we are going to need all the help we can get." I smirked. Co-operate American ruled the world with a corrupt justice system and we were the fucking head of it. A/N: Wow, feels good to be back! Happy New Years! lol The chapters will be a lot shorter so I can update faster but please read and review! Thanks to all who have followed Rampage!