he wanted the place. Once we were in the apartment I knew why he loved it, the building had to be pretty old but the bricks throughout gave it such a cool look and was very fitting for someone who loved history. On the opposite side of the living room was a giant bookshelf filled with all of my favorites, I lightly ran my fingers across the bindings of the books. Some were new and in amazing shape but some were old enough to belong to my grandfather but the fact Jasper had them made me fall for him that much faster. He was perfect in every single way, he came up behind me pulling out an old copy of Romeo and Juliet handing it to me. I flipped it open, letting the old parchment paper breath. The smell of old leather from the binding was like flowers to a gardener. I ran my fingers the delicate pages, it was like porn to a literacy major to hold a book that has been around for as long as this one. Who knows what famous writer have held this very copy in their collections, an involuntary shutter went down my spine at the thought. I placed the book back on the shelf and looked at the man before me. "This book was the reason I fell in love with love" he stated eyes gleaming as he spoke about his passion. "I always thought that one day I would find someone and just know by looking at her I wanted to spend the rest of my life with her. I mean I know it's a tragic love story but the fact that they love each other so much that they would rather die than be apart is amazing if you ask me" he explained. "But then one day I was called by the Dean of UW and they had to let one of their teachers go, they were in dire need of someone to come out. I rushed into it not sure what to do I mean I taught fourth grade history but college was an entire different ballgame, I was nervous but I was met with the most beautiful pair of brown doe eyes I had ever seen. I knew I had met the girl I wanted to be with, I just had to wait and now she's right in front of me with nothing standing in our way anymore" he confessed staring into my eyes as I spoke, with my heart pounding in my chest I leaned up just slightly since he didn't tower over me and placed another kiss to his lips. This time it wasn't so sweet and innocent, this kiss was full of want and desire. He lifted me up effortlessly and with my back pressed up against the large bookshelf he kissed a trail from my mouth to my collar bone and back. "I want you so bad Bella, since the first moment I saw you" He said between his kisses. I brought his mouth back to mine running my tongue against his bottom lip, he parted his lips and I pulled away just far enough to talk. "Then take me Jasper" I stated and that was all the permission he needed to carry me into the bedroom, Romeo and Juliette long forgotten. There wasn't much time to focus on the details of his room as we continued to explore each other. We landed on the bed with me straddling his lap feeling the large erection through the fabric of my dress. My dress was long and completely in the way so he reached behind me unzipping it down the length of my back, the dress pooled at my stomach from it being strapless revealing the fact that I didn't wear a bra to graduation though now it was a blessing. His intake of breath in reply made me smile as he took in the sight in front of him, he flipped us so I was below him and he slid the rest of the dress down my legs revealing only the thong I was wearing. "So damn sexy" He said as he slipped out of his clothes, I watched as he expertly worked the buttons on his button down sliding it off his shoulders revealing the black wife beater below, just like he did in my dream. "You know I've dreamt about this" I stated as he continued to strip leaving himself in only a pair of briefs leaving his erection on full display. "You have no idea how many times I pictured this moment, though it's usually in the shower" He confessed with a smile playing at his lips. "Well mine are usually in your classroom" I stated and he groaned before crawling the length of my body once the briefs were no longer in the way. To say he was well endowed would be an understatement this man's anatomy could win awards. "I like this better darlin', you are the sexiest woman known to man" He stated before he slipped the last piece of clothing that was preventing me from being just as naked as he was. I cried out as he entered me once he had put protection on of course, his thrusts were match by moans of pleasure coming from us both. I clenched around him as I could feel my orgasm coming closer, and after a few more thrusts we both reached our climaxes falling on the bed panting. . . . . . . 2 years later here I sit in the same apartment holding our little baby boy as I rocked him to sleep. Desks were replaced with baby furniture and his large study was transformed into a nursery but the fact that Professor Jasper Whitlock would forever be my husband and the father of my son Romeo was my dream come true, I finally got my happily ever after with the most amazing man in the world.