when I spotted Edward talking to Senorita Prince. I have classes with all five of them. This really is the craziest day ever, I thought as I sat down. I thought you would be glad that it's someone other than Emmett , Edward thought in my direction. Yeah, I guess that's good , I responded. "You can get the notes from Jessica Stanley over there. Normally I would have you get them from Miss Meyers," Senorita Prince said, "but she missed last Friday and we took important notes that you'll need for the midterm." Jessica Stanley almost fainted when she heard she would be giving Edward the notes. Oh my God… I can't believe I'll be giving him the notes. Maybe I should spray them with my perfume , she thought anxiously. I looked at Edward and smiled sympathetically at him. I mouthed 'sorry' to him as he walked to his seat next to Jessica. She tried to say something intelligible about her notes, but it came out in a slur of words and Edward simply thanked her for the notes. Senorita Prince gave us free time since we were ahead of all the other classes, so Edward sat with me while he copied Jessica's notes. "Why are you, a sophomore, in a Spanish I class?" he asked me while he continued copying notes. "Well, I didn't want to take a foreign language last year. But I wanted to get more credits, so I decided it was time to learn another language," I replied with a laugh. "So how's your first day been so far?" He made a slight face, "It's been okay. All the girls have been talking about how 'beautiful' my family is. After a while it just gets annoying, but I guess you get used to it and learn to ignore it." He looked at my face trying to read my reaction. "How did you get used to what people say about you?" he asked. I was shocked that he asked; I didn't know that people still said things about me. "Well, I've been here for a few years. No one really says anything to me anymore, or at least I never notice it," I said truthfully. "The people around here talk about you like you're a new toy," he said surprised. "How old here you when you moved here?" So many questions...why is he so interested? "I moved here when I was 13. I've been here almost three years now," I explained. "I have family that lives on the reservation in La Push. I had moved here from New York. Where are you guys from?" He took a minute to answer. She has family in La Push? That means she's a Quileute… I have to talk to Emmett and Carlisle , he thought urgently. "Oh, we moved here from Denali, Alaska. Carlisle, our dad, was transferred to the hospital here," he explained. It sounded as if it was hard for him to speak to me now. "You must not like the sun much," I said nonchalantly. He looked surprised, "You know the average weather for Denali?" "Yeah…I was there for a few weeks once on vacation. It really wasn't my kind of town." "But you live in Forks, Washington on the Olympic Peninsula, 'The Rainiest Place in the Continental US,'" he said bewildered. "And there's still sunshine here sometimes," I said seriously. "There's like two days of sun in Denali a year. I need at least once every two months," I added smiling. He just laughed in response and the bell rang. Edward was at the door in a blink of an eye. I was gathering my things when Jessica Stanley walked up to me. "Oh my God! You were just taking to Edward the whole period. What did you guys talk about? Did he ask about my notes?" she sounded like a five year old asking about Christmas presents. "No, Jessica, He did not ask about the notes. And we just talked about how everyone is talking about his family," I told her to make her go away. "He also asked what it was like when I moved here," I added before stepping out into the parking lot. Ugh, freshmen can be so annoying… So he's new, who cares? Everyone in this town acts as if someone new is the second coming. I'm glad they have something else to distract them, I thought as I walked to my car. When I opened the door I heard someone calling my name, "Grace! Grace!" It was a newly familiar voice, one I shouldn't have memorized yet, it was Emmett. "Oh, hey Emmett," I said putting my bag in the backseat. "I just wanted to give back your Chemistry notes," he said cheerily. I took them out of his hand and smiled. "Did you have any problems with any of it?" I asked. Emmett just looked at me while he thought about lying to me, If I tell her I didn't understand it then I'll be able to see her more. However she might figure that out. I guess I won't . "Nope, no problems," he said almost frowning. I laughed and said, "Alright, well I hope you had a good first day. I'll see you tomorrow." Oh, I did, he thought. "Okay, see you tomorrow." I drove off to La Push and immediately began thinking about what Edward had thought. 'She's a Quileute,' he had thought , I thought to myself. What does that have to do with anything? And why does he care? I turned on my car stereo and turned up the volume when "First Date" by Blink 182 came on. I reached the little bookstore that Old Quil worked at, and hoped I wouldn't have to go to Billy's house. It's time to get some answers. I know it's kind of long. Sorry about that. I always get carried way. Most of my chapters will probably be long. Review, I need tons of criticism