one, Jessica, caught all of us off-guard. Jake warned us beforehand though. Paul, Jared, and Emily distracted her while Sam figured out what to do with her. Anyway, Angela didn't seem afraid at all when I told her we were werewolves. Shape-shifters. She was rather fascinated, her beautiful brown eyes lit up every time we approached a new subject. When we got to the subject of vampires, her wide eyes now held fear. Bella did the one thing I wanted to do but didn't have the guts to; she sat down next to her and held her hand. It was also Bella who told her about the Cullens. I told Angela that she had nothing to worry about; that, since she is my imprint, she has my protection, and the rest of the pack's. She smiled weakly at me, and Bella squeezed her hand, telling her that's it's okay to be scared if she was. And she definitely was. "So...I'm your imprint?" she asked to be sure later on that afternoon. The sun was setting. I didn't want her to leave; of course, I wouldn't tell her out loud. "Yeah..." I laughed a little, smiling at the ground. She did too. "This doesn't mean we have to be in a relationship, right?" "No!" Of course not. I didn't want her to feel like she was being forced! "I-It just means that...well..." We're technically soul mates, but I'm not gonna tell you that either. "I, uh..." I put my hands in my pockets, looking at her bashfully. "I'll be whatever you want me to be." Whether that was a friend, a lover, a protector...I would do anything to bring this girl happiness. "Hm..." She smiled, playing with her small fingers. Someone screamed. "Jessica!" Angela cried, and I held her back from going any further. If her friend was in trouble, I had to see what was up. I ran off into the trees, phasing as I went. I heard Angela gasp and follow, but I was too fast for her. Turns out I wasn't the only one who phased. On all fours, Sam, Jake, and I followed the new scent that we took to be Jessica. We didn't pick up leech stench, which was a relief. Sam was wondering why Paul and Jared weren't watching her, and it wasn't until they too soon joined us that Sam told them in his alpha voice, " We'll talk about this later ." Jared and Paul fell back, whimpering, and me and Jake raged on. To our shock, we heard a new set of confused, frightened, and...glowing?-thoughts right before breaking into the clearing. "Quil?!" Everyone exclaimed. Quil's new wolf form was chocolate brown, but I could see lighter tones around his face. He paid no attention to us; his body, heart, and soul on the pale-faced girl writhing beneath him. Oh no... Quil had imprinted! "Already?" said Jake in disbelief. I couldn't believe it. Quil had already phased and met his soul mate in a matter of minutes. Unbelievable. Jessica squirmed, staring up at Quil's wolf in utter fear; he towered over her small body, practically straddling her with his paws. Quil was now asking himself why she looked so afraid of him when she shouldn't be... "Well, girls don't like animals bigger than them-'specially when you have them cornered ." "Shut up, Paul." Quil backed away, sinking down on his paws, ears pressed down and back. At this, Jessica sat up slowly, breathing still erratic; Quil only whined, ducking his head in hopes to show her that he meant no harm to her. "Uh...there there?" she said awkwardly, and there was a lot of hesitation before she patted the top of his head. Quil closed his eyes, humming in approval and leaning into her touch. Sam didn't even have time to command Quil to phase or fall back, because it was already happening. The wolf shrunk in size, hair and claws receding. What once was wolf, soon became man. And then we lost the connection. Quil was human again, as naked as the day he was born. For Jessica's sake, I sure hoped that she kept looking into his eyes. Her hand, now on his cheek, began to slowly lower. Her "wow" was inaudible, but we heard it through our super hearing. "I'm Quil..." he introduced himself in a dazed tone, gazing deeply into her eyes. "I'm Jessica..." she said back, her glazed eyes searching his. By then, Bella and Angela stumbled into the clearing. Angela gasped at the sight of all the wolves together, and Bella grasped her arm to keep her at her side. I eased my way over to them, and Jake was thinking the same thing because he too started to inch his way over. Angela wasn't looking, so I gently nudged her with my nose. Jumping, she whirled around and squeaked upon seeing me. I laughed, but it came out as a bark. "Embry?" she whispered, and I nodded. Beside us, Bella was leaning against Jacob's russet fur. Like Jessica had done, Angela lifted her hand to touch my fur. Recognition dawned in her eyes; an instant reminder that it was me who she saw that day. Her hand came over my eyes, and further up to the top of my head. I ducked my face to give her easier access so she won't have to strain herself. She giggled. How adorable. "C'mon, dude, put some clothes on," teased Jared, now human, coming out with a spare set of shorts. The spell was broken between Quil and Jessica, she turning around and he scrambling to get the shorts on. Jake and I trotted behind the trees to change back. After shrugging on my shorts, I followed Jacob back out. "Did...Quil just-?" Bella asked. "Yep," said Jake, lips popping on the 'p'. "And...we're gonna have to...-?" "Probably." "What was that?" Angela asked, looking up at me. Both Jake and I started snickering, saying simultaneously, "A disaster waiting to happen."