random. 'You have green eyes like the moon. I'm going to call you Moon. You look like a moon. You have a big head and you have green eyes. Leprechaun's are green, too.' And then she'll resume her twirling. Last weekend she was sitting on the floor playing with a top watching it spin for what seemed like hours. But she stopped suddenly, looked straight up at me, and said very clearly: 'You're going to get married next year. Priests and nuns don't get married but Edward's do.' Esme overheard her and chuckled in the kitchen. Esme laughs at everything Alice says, she is so relaxed around her it's amazing. You'd think it would be fucking heartbreaking for her to try for a baby all those years only to end up with a child that has special needs, but she isn't upset or disappointed in the least, and neither is Carlisle. They both adore Alice, and tell me all the time how intelligent she is, and what a privilege it is to be able to see the world from such a unique perspective. I don't know, maybe they're right. Alice is without a doubt one of the most beautiful little girls I've ever seen and she is certainly well-organized; her dolls are all lined up against the wall in order of hair color and height. She has seventy-eight dolls according to her records. Yep, at four years old she can already read and write. She can also do math in her head, and if you give her a date she can tell you what day of the week that occurred. I was born on a Friday, as it turns out. It's really quite impressive; I could use her organizational and mathematical skills at the bar. Besides all that, I love her to pieces. I'm the only one she lets hug her, like really hug her, for any length of time. That's the only time I ever see Esme get emotional over Alice's ways. We'd had a really great day together eating our way through Faneuil Hall and later , after Esme's mother picked up Alice, we capped off the night with a few drinks at the Union Oyster Company. I crashed on their couch for a few hours to sleep off my buzz and didn't get back to the Cape until the early hours of Friday morning. Shit. I'd completely forgotten that Pop's old apartment was finally rented after all these years. I had no time to set up interviews and I left Mrs. Cope in charge of everything. I didn't even know the name of the renter, only that she was a young woman and had paid the first three months rent in cash. Honestly, I was too busy and exhausted to care. If Shelly Cope said she'd met her approval then it was fine with me. Mrs. Cope is the only constant in my life since Pop cashed his last chips in, and I trust her explicitly. Hell … I love her. She's bat-shit crazy half the time, but she's crazy as a fox too. Last week she looked at me when I was wiping down the bar and said , 'Brace yourself Teddy ; there's a new moon coming. Change is in the air.' She always says shit like that, and I usually just smile at her indulgently as I open the register or get the deposits ready to go to the bank. I started walking again and thought about the new tenant. I wondered if I should go up and introduce myself when I got back from the market. I really wasn't interested in getting involved with her personally , but I didn't want to be rude either. It was inevitable that our paths would cross eventually. I let out a groan and shrugged my shoulders in resignation; I wasn't really a sociable guy when I came out from behind the bar, and making friends wasn't high on my list. I hoped she wasn't expecting to make nice with me on the regular, and start dropping by for coffee and shit. I mean, yeah, I might be a little lonely, but I don't want to get myself mixed up with a neighbor , either. Dong-dong-dong-dong-dong-dong-dong-dong-dong. I stopped for a minute to hear the bells from Saint Mary's of the Sea announce to the good people of Seaconch that it was nine o'clock. I started to walk faster, hoping that old lady Souza would let me in when she saw it was me, since I knew she closed up at nine. If she had already cashed out I could run by with the money tomorrow night. But I needed to get the bar ready early because I was meeting with the bank tomorrow to discuss a loan so we could add another restroom and expand the kitchen. Mrs. Cope has been after me for the past two years to do both. I stepped off the curb and began to cross the street, when this heartbreaking and gut-wrenching sob rang out in the night. The cry was so damn loud and pathetic that it forced me to stop dead in my tracks; I was rooted to the spot. My heart practically pounded out of its chest as I looked up at the roof, searching for the source. 'Are you okay?' I called. I heard a gasp, followed by a flash of what appeared to be dark hair as she darted back inside the apartment. And that was when I saw her For the first time. **ACITD** These recipes are for those of legal age only. Please drink responsibly! Sincerely, Edward A Masen, proprietor: The Swan Dive. Suffering Bastard Cocktail Ingredients 1 ounce bourbon 1 ounce gin 1 ounce fresh lime juice 1 dash Angostura bitters 4 ounces chilled ginger ale Pour ingredients into an ice-filled Old Fashioned glass and top with ginger ale, adding more ice if needed. Garnish with a sprig of mint or an orange slice.