wondering how long I needed to stay up here. "Bella, you ready?" Sam called up the stairs. I grabbed my bag and walked out of my room, shutting the door behind me. I went downstairs and raised my brow at Sam and he just smiled and reached for my hand when I made it to him. I walked over to my dad and kissed him on the cheek. "Are you going to be okay for dinner? Do you want me to make you something before I go?" I asked my dad. "I have to go back to the station tonight, so I'll just stop at the diner and grab something to go," Charlie told me. "Okay Dad, be careful." "Always am," he replied with a smile. Sam grabbed my bag and we walked out the door holding hands. He walked me to the passenger side and opened the door for me. I climbed in and buckled my seatbelt while he walked around to get in the truck. "What did you and my dad talk about?" I asked as he began driving. He smiled, "He told me that even though he likes me, he would kill me and hide my body if I hurt you." I gasped, "Are you serious?" He nodded, "You're his daughter. Did you really expect anything less?" "I guess not," I grumbled, slightly embarrassed. We made it to the grocery store and I picked up the ingredients to make steaks, baked potatoes, salad, garlic bread, and chocolate cheesecake for dessert. Shopping with Sam was interesting; he would grab extras of everything that I put in the cart. I also bought bacon, eggs, syrup, and the ingredients to make homemade biscuits and waffles. Once we got back to Sam's, I put the steaks to marinade while he called Jared and Paul to come over for dinner. By the time Jared and Paul arrived, I was putting the steaks on a plate and Sam placed all the food on the table. The guys came in and stopped to look at me for a moment before offering me small smiles. "Bella, this Jared and Paul. Guys this is my Bella," Sam introduced us. "It's nice to meet you both," I told them with a smile. "It's nice to meet you Bella. Thank you for dinner," Jared said with an easy smile. "Bella, good to meet you," Paul said while looking me over. Sam growled low in his throat and Paul shrugged with a smirk. I stepped closer to Sam and placed my hand on his arm. He looked down at me and smiled, then pulled me to the table and held my chair out for me. Sam sat next to me at the head of the table with Jared on my other side and Paul across from me. Sam fixed my plate and then his while Jared and Paul loaded their plates with more food than I was positive they could eat. I looked over at Sam's plate and noticed his plate was piled high with food too. "You guys might want to save room for dessert," I said, unsure of how they could eat so much. "Don't worry baby, we'll be able to eat your dessert," Sam told me, squeezing my free hand in his. "Yeah, don't worry Bella, we will be happy to eat your dessert," Paul smirked, putting emphasis on the word dessert. I could feel my cheeks heat with a blush and Sam reached a hand out and smacked Paul in the back of the head. I stifled a gasp and looked at them with wide eyes. "Sorry Bella," Paul said, not sounding sorry at all. Jared leaned closer to me and whispered, "Ignore him, he's the man whore of the Rez. He knows you are off limits, but he doesn't know how to keep his mouth shut." "He will respect you though," Sam growled out through gritted teeth. "I respect her. I know she's your imprint. I was just having a little fun," Paul explained with a smirk and then he looked at Sam really fast and mumbled, "oh shit." "I told her and you are lucky I did," Sam glared at Paul. "Paul," I purred. "Yeah," he answered with wide eyes. I gave him a once over and smiled sweetly, "You don't have anything I want. My Sam gives me everything I want and everything I need. So how about you and I just settle for being friends because that is all you will ever get out of me. Stop pissing Sam off or you won't be getting any dessert." Jared guffawed and said, "Damn! I like you Bella. You left Paul here speechless. I don't think I've ever seen that before." Sam leaned over and gave me a tender kiss on the lips and then went back to eating. I grinned at him and then looked at Paul. "So, what do you say Paul, friends?" I asked still grinning. He nodded before smiling, "Friends? Sure why not, but I want dessert." I giggled, stood up and walked to the fridge, pulling out the chocolate cheesecake. I grabbed some saucers and a knife and walked back to the table. I placed dessert and the plates next to the salad and sat back down. A/N: This story is going to have a few chapters occur before I reveal my nightmare/dream to everyone. Now, I'm sure some of you are wondering why I would write this story when I gave up Unbroken and The Change Within. The truth is I have nothing left in me to give those two stories. I didn't want to just write shit chapters for them, so I let them get adopted and I don't regret that. As far as writing my dream into a story, I feel I have to because this dream is literally plaguing me. I can't get it out of my head and it makes concentrating on anything difficult. Like it, hate it, love it? Let me know!