want to remember, I did. I remember being the odd one out in school. I remember not having any friends. I remember only having myself to play with. I'm just like you, but we can be friends if you want. Really? Really. I saw her smile as she stared at the teacher. At the end of the lesson, Wisty and I walked out of class together. "What's it like being around all of them?" I looked at where she was pointing. The pack was on the opposite side of the corridor, watching me. "Sam asked them all to look out for me." "But they haven't come to school in months." "I'm special to Sam so they were forced to come back." I relished being in that stinky wolf's family, but I remembered it was only pretend. "Cool." I noticed she was slightly looking at the small boy in the middle of the pack. "So what have you got next, Jane?" "P.E." "Oh, me too." We got to the lesson and we were told to do laps. I was about to go at vampire speed when I noticed that I wasn't a vampire at the moment, I was human. Wisty did run fast, thank god, so I didn't have to run too slow. Lunch was weird to walk into, and I mean weird. Everyone had a table, even the pack. Wisty said she just sat outside in the sun, but I steered her towards an empty table near the wolves. "We can't sit there. Courtney sits there." "Well, I'll tell her to bugger off." She giggled a bit and got out her lunch. I got out my laptop. "Do you like music?" "Yeah, why?" I put up Spotify and put some music on quietly while she ate. We didn't talk but it wasn't uncomfortable. After the song ended I went to search for another one. Then a head appeared. She was a brunette and had a posse behind her. "Yes?" I asked. "You're the new girl, right?" "Stupid question to ask but yes, I am." "Wisty, you should have told her what happens when someone sits at my table." "She warned me but I didn't listen." She eyed me and I eyed her back. "You need to move." "No, I don't." It felt like everyone's eyes were on us but I ignored them. I stood and knew the pack's eyes were already on the situation. "Wisty, you bitch. Why didn't you tell this girl ?" "That girl you just so wrongly called 'bitch' has a name. And you will do her and her parents a favor by calling her by it." "Ha, as if." "Then I'm not even going to think of moving." "Ma-m-maybe we should m-m-move Jane." I ignored Wisty and continued to stare at the girl. "Let me let you in on a little secret, new girl. I'm Courtney Shyler; I give crap to those who are crap." Her posse laughed. "Let me," I said, moving towards her, "let you in on a little secret, my girl. Anyone who gets in my way or Wisty's gets this " And I grabbed her arm and twisted. "Hey, you " "From the cuts on Wisty's arms I can tell she's been hurt by manicure nails. Not her own because she has bitten nails. You hurt her, I hurt you, savvy?" Courtney had been squealing after all this time and nodded her head. I let her go and smiled. "This is our table now. Go sit outside." "You absolutely bloody little " "She said this is her table now, Courtney, so move." I turned and saw Paul looking Courtney in the eye. "Now." "But Paul, I " His face showed no business allowed so she finally backed away. "I will so get you later." I sat back down and eyed Paul with an expressionless face, but he got up and walked out. "What's up with him?" "Paul had a serious relationship with Courtney, but he broke up with her, simply because she irritated him somehow." "Sounds like a typical story to tell." "You wouldn't believe the ending." Paul's P.O.V I hate this. Courtney was an absolute bitch like she always is and I stood up for the leech who hurt a human. A human I was very well supposed to protect, that was why I stayed up late patrolling with my brothers, not just for fun. I walked out of the cafeteria feeling confused, and angry. Seth followed me. "Paul." "What? Seth, why must you be the puppy?" "Excuse me?" "You're the only one who actually follows us older ones around like a puppy." "Well, excuse me for caring." He sighed. "We used to hang out; we were the only ones without Imprints. We thought they were lame as hell." I stopped walking and turned to him. I put my hand on his shoulder. "We would have been love struck sooner or later. We both couldn't always ignore our instincts, Seth." And then I walked away. "What about my sister?" "Her too, her too." Truth is, I had had a small crush on Leah Clearwater, but I wasn't her type. Sam was the only one she cared for. Maybe Leah will Imprint, who knows, but I'll always have a tiny soft spot for her. I walked off the school premises and into the forest. I would meet the rest of them at the Cullen's, where we were supposed to meet every day after school. I was lovesick. Jane's P.O.V After school Wisty and I exchanged cell numbers, promising to text each other later that day. Then I was blocked by the stinky wolves. "We have to go to the Cullen's place." I hissed with annoyance. I really hated all of them. "Why." "'Cause that's where we've been told to meet, and your uncle wants you there." They all laughed but I hissed with obvious annoyance. As soon as I was covered by the forest, I ran as fast as I wanted, finally.