and I was happy about that but I was still going to kill him when the time came . My kids were growing up so fast they had just fazed last week and were very confused .Sam told them that they were there to kill Vampires ,they knew what I was and were trying to go against what Sam was saying . Sam had seen it in their minds along with every other in the pack about my visits to my kids and were very shocked that I was a Vampire and what he did to us all . They were angry as-well that I had been to see Collin and Brady and was able to slip in and out with out any of them noticing . Sam was putting them both on patrol tonight to see how they went ,they would be going with Jacob. I knew they would do fine ,they were good kids and listened and would do as they were told and for that I was proud of them . They were still having a hard time processing what was happening to them and worried about what would happen when they see me again . It was time I visited them ,if only for a few moments . I waited until they were on their patrol with Jacob .I went to the meadow I knew they would run through in about 25 minutes and waited .I stayed at the far end just in-case Jacob tried to attack me ,I did not want to hurt him. And every one knew that he was the hot head of the group. Kill first and ask questions later. Right on time I could hear their huffing and puffing as they got closer and closer until they were just entering the meadow . Jacob stopped them as he smelt me and looked over to where I stood and growled . Collin and Brady's heads whipped around to see me and I listened as they both thought 'Momma.' Jacob stopped growling for a moment and asked my babies if it was me and they both nodded their big furry heads at him . ( Bella is talking in her mind now .I will put their names in-front of who is thinking what ) Collin & Brady - Momma I miss you ! .They thought not knowing she could hear them both Bella -I know my babies ,I miss you two as-well . Bella thought to them, shocking them all as she started to walk towards them when she knew Paul was not going to attack her . Bella -You two look amazing ,your doing such a great job . Bella said as she stopped a few feet away from them . Bella- I am so proud of you both ,and you to Jacob .You have turned into quiet a handsome young man. Bella thought when all she could get was his mind screaming 'IT'S BELLA ' She knew that the others on patrol would alert Sam and they would all be there very soon so she had to make it quick . Brady - Where have you been Momma ? He asked while they walked over to her and bent down to nuzzled into her . She ran her fingers through the fur on the backs of their heads . Bella - I told you I am always close .You two did great when you fazed .I can't stay long because the other are coming but all you have to do is call me and I will be there OK .Bella said as she nuzzled into both of them relishing in the fact that she was with her babies for a short time . Collin - We miss you Momma please don't go yet they will understand . He thought to her .They all knew that every one else in the pack could hear what was being said and the could see it through their eyes . Bella - Most of them do baby but Paul has got a bad temper and when he sees me he will attack and Sam does not accept me at all I'm sorry hunni ,don't worry my babies soon I will be able to come and see you when ever I want .Bella though and looked over at Jacob. She knew that soon he would take over his rightful place as alpha and would let her see them when ever she wanted to but today was not that day . I slowly pulled back from my boys and walked over to Jacob . Once I was in-front of him I reached my hand out and ran it through his fur for a few moments . Bella - Jacob Black ,you will be a great leader . You're mother is very proud of you .Look after my babies for me . She thought and leaned down and kissed his big cold nose then looking up to his eyes .She knew that in a few seconds the others would break through the trees and that if she really wanted to she could change how things were going to happen but it was fate, the things that were going to happen tonight would change the pack for the better . What would happen if she did stay couldn't happen yet , they were not ready for that, especially him. I smiled and walked back over to my shocked boys, gave them one last kiss , whispered that I love them and would see them soon and ran just as every one else came running into the meadow. Things were going to change for the pack and they all needed to get used to it. she knew that things were not going to be easy for her for a while yet but knew that in the end she would be fine and loves like she always should of been,and with her babies. So what do you think? Review please xxx