organized classes for people interested in getting in shape with us. People are interested in paying for personal trainers and having a place to train. So, Alpha Auto and Body Shop was born." he shrugged finishing up his speech. "So, the Body part of your shop is a fitness training center?" Paul grinned leaning forward. "Pretty brilliant...explains the shirt.." He nodded, dropping his eyes to Jake's shirt. "What does it say?" he squinted, inclining his head sideways. " Umm ...Work Hard.. *cough* ..Play Hard..Stay Hard. Alpha Auto & Body Shop." Jake recited, a bit embarrassed. "Love it." Paul barked out a laugh, leaning back in his chair, fingers laced behind his head, taking it all in. "Yeah, its been fun, the play on words, creating the business, it's all been really great." "I can imagine. A shop full of guys...like you...word must get around' The intercom beeped loudly on his desk. "What's up, Janice?" " Ummmmm, uhhhhhh ..." she hesitated nervously. Paul rolled his eyes repeating; "What Janice?" "Um, there's ... people ...here to see Mr. Black...whenever you're done." Rising slowly from his desk, Paul eyed Jacob questioningly. When he headed towards the door, Jake followed in a hurry. His outer office filled with squeals and giggles, from his staff and a roomful of visitors. "Jacob!" "OmygodJacob.." "Jaaaacobb.." They were waving issues of Fit Magazine with him on the cover and calendars from his shop. "You have fans?" Paul questioned his eyebrows shooting into his hairline. "Apparently...sometimes.." Jake blushed a bit grinning back at the girls reception. " I was, kinda, just nominated one of the Ten Most Eligible Bachelors in Seattle, by Seattle Fit Magazine." he shrugged, failing miserably at hiding his gleaming smile. "Reeeally? That, would make me blush too, Black. You better take care of 'em." He directed holding the door wide for Jake to pass. "You're lucky I know the value of a fan base." he mumbled shaking his head as he closed the door against Jake Black and a torrent of squeals and screams. ~o0o~ An hour later, they strode quickly thru the parking garage, both men late for their next appointments. "It was great meeting you." Jake turned to shake hands as he came up on his Harley. "You too, Black. Craziest damn interview I ever had with someone NOT in one of my bands." Paul chuckled, shaking swiftly. " Janice will be in touch with you on the job details." "Uhggg! Damn it!" A voice much too sweet for cussing echoed thru the garage from the left. Both men turned to the sound as a female came stomping from behind the concrete pillar of parking section C. "B! what's wrong?" Paul demanded stepping forward to meet her as she approached. " My freaking scooter won't start!" she huffed, fingers flying across her IPhone. "The battery's been acting up. I should've replaced it last week." She grumbled, placing the phone to her ear. She eyed Jacob with curiosity, glancing quickly between the two men as they came to a stop in front of her. Paul never , introduced her to the hot guys he hung out with - "Who are you calling?" Paul demanded again, his possessiveness of her leaking out. " Russell. His class is ending now, he could come get me." Paul glanced at his watch. "Shit. I'm late B - have a new contract to sign. You be ok?" He grunted and headed off across the garage before she could answer. "Jacob! A damsel in distress! Totally worth saving!" He shouted across the garage. "Go! I'll be fine" she grumbled waving him off. "Oh! Wait! Paul! You owe me an apology for this morning." she shouted after him. " It's in your next check, woman!" Beeps from the security system on his car echoed in the garage, he ducked into a black Maserati. "Figures." she mumbled ending the call and tucking her phone away. They stood awkwardly as he drove away. The deafening noise of his high performance engine filling the space, and their ears. Silence quickly settled between them in the vast garage Bella was never shy by any means, but this guy had her pulse racing. She could feel his eyes on her as he stood behind her to the left. She rubbed her hands nervously over her thighs and turned to meet him. "So, I'm Bella Swan." she announced thrusting a hand at the stranger. She forced herself to make eye contact when she heard his deep sexy voice rumble up around her. "Hey, Bella Swan, I'm Jacob. Jacob Black" He grinned capturing her eyes as he took her hand. The contact was, exhilarating. .. her breath, escaping in a rush, left her a bit dizzy and short on words...properly formed words, that is. To her credit, a few syllables and animal sounds did make it out of her mouth. He, seemed to enjoy them, immensely. "Knight on a shining Harley, at your service, o' damsel in distress." He bowed theatrically, continuing his seduction with a lusting glance and a gleaming smile. Lifting her hand to his mouth, he warmed her completely with a tender kiss perfectly placed. Then, turning her hand as she gasped, he softly peeled her fingers open, returning his lips to her palm. With a flick of his tongue he left her a final kiss along with his panty melting smile. Tingly, goose bumps flooded her body. Her heart pounding in sweet anticipation. He head swam as she felt herself slipping into gooey...chicked out... "Right!" she snapped, pulling her hand free of his grasp, and stumbling back a few feet. The effort to shake him off was visible. As well as the effect he had on her. He chuckled deep, the sound echoing in her ears, as his hands buried themselves into his pockets. She crossed her arms and lifted a perfectly trim brow, regarding him with extreme caution. "So, a Knight on a shining Harley? What do you know about Harley D. Scooters?"