then I am waiting on Jacob to call." Embry added. "Well I have to get home, start dinner, do homework, clean the whole house, mow the grass, and then I should finished." The guys gave me a sympathetic look. "What, I am a female." They started laughing. We arrived at Embry's house first and then Quil's. We were walking toward mine when Sam popped out of the woods followed by Paul and Jared. They were all shirtless. "Well Sammie, how does Emily feel about you running around naked?" I asked raising an eyebrow. He laughed. "I just wanted to let you know that I am going to the Makah Reservation with Emily this evening. Paul and Jared will be busy with the council tonight so if you need anything go to Jacob's or call us." He said. I nodded. "Alright. Why do you and Em have to go to the Reservation for?" I asked leaning into Jake's side. Paul's eyes never leaving me for one minute. "So I can ask her family for their blessing and to pick up her niece Claire." "Wow, already taking the plunge." I snickered. He rolled his eyes. "Just behave." He said before they took off in the direction opposite of us. We began walking down the road again. "Ya know Jake, you can come over tonight." I said quietly. I looked up at him and he was smiling. We reached my house a few minutes later. "Have fun." He said with a mysterious glint in his eye. "oh yeah. I am going to start dinner and get my homework done. After everything in the house I should be finishing the yard around six. Then I can come over and help you." I said. "Ok. Sounds good." He bent down and kissed my lips before I walked toward my house. I went in the house and put my bag in my room before going down the stairs and starting dinner. I had brought my homework with me to do while I got everything ready. When my homework was finished, I put the lasagna in the oven and set the timer. I had one hour. I began cleaning the downstairs. Once everything was dusted and mopped and the bathroom cleaned. I checked the timer. I had five minutes. I grabbed the cheese bread and put it on a pan. When the lasagna was ready, I took it out and replaced it with the bread. Five minutes later, the dinner was done. I could hear mom making her way down the stairs. "Wow hunny, dinner looks and smells delicious and the house is clean." She smiled. "Yes maam. I just have to finish upstairs and then mow the grass and I am finished." I grinned. "Great. I will be home at 7 in the morning. If you need me call me." I nodded. We sat down and ate before mom showered and I began cleaning and starting laundry. Thirty minutes later, she left and I was done. I changed into a pair of black cheerleading short shorts and a white tank top that hugged me perfectly and slipped on my black converse. I walked outside and pulled out the push mower and began mowing the grass. I looked across the road and saw Jacob outside. He was building something for his dad and didn't have a shirt on. The heat I felt earlier spread through my body. I quickly looked away and finished the yard before putting everything away. I had just walked out of the shed and was going to lock the door when a hand met the door. I turned and saw Jacob standing there in jeans and no shirt. His torso glistened with a little sweat much like my own body. "Geez Jake you scared me." I said looking into his eyes. He smirked and picked me up by my butt, pushing me against the wall. "I want you, Mia. Now." He said crushing his lips to mine. I kissed him back just as heatedly. This was hot. Both of our sweaty bodies all over each other. He carried me into the shed and shut the door. My legs wrapped around him possessively as he kissed down my neck. I was going to have him…all of him. I reached down, undid his pants and let them fall to the floor. He captured my lips once again his eyes never leaving mine. Jacob's hands were all over my body at once. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the feeling of him touching me everywhere. As I leaned my head back, Jake slid a finger into my core. I moaned as it stretched me. "You ok?" he asked breathlessly. "With you…always." I whispered. He smiled before devouring my lips all over again. The touching continued both on his part and mine. I ran my hand down and under his waist band, taking him in my hand. Jacob was big…no he was huge. I gasped feeling him grow in my hand. A moan escaped from between his lips. I unwrapped my legs and fell to my knees, tasting him. Jacob leaned forward, placing his hands on the wall for support. "Oh shit, Mia." He moaned. I felt myself grow wetter with every word and sound that escaped his lips. He picked me back up and pulled my shorts off. He then placed me on the hood of my dad's old car and slipped a condom on before he entered me slowly. I moaned as his width spread me. "Mia, are you sure you are ok?" he asked. I nodded. Before long Jacob was picking up pace. I let out a pleasurable moan and shuttered as I climaxed. Jacob followed right after. I sat up and pulled on my shorts before facing Jacob. He smiled at me and pulled me to him. I noticed he had also gotten dressed again. "I love you Mia Uley." He said kissing my lips softly. "I love you too, Jacob." I answered.