pull myself together. People are starting to stare. My vision is blurring and I have to get a hold of myself. I inhale slowly, filling my lungs and exhale. And repeat. The pack is on high alert, a twitching body of muscle, while their pathetic alpha tries his damndest to pull himself together. The shaking is slowing down and I slowly open my eyes. "Jesus Jake, what the fuck was that?" Seth is peering at me, his eyes wide. I don't know if I trust myself not to lose it so I don't speak, just continue on breathing and calming. The double doors open and I smell her before I hear her heartbeat, what was once such a soothing sound is now my own personal hell. "Get me the fuck out of here." I haven't felt this out of control… ever. My hands are at my scalp tugging my hair. Paul and Quil flank me and guide me to the doors as quickly as possible. I catch Bella's eye as I'm trying not to phase. She takes a step towards me, concern etched on her face. "Jacob?" Paul snarls at her "Bella, now is not a good time. Just get back to Charlie. Seriously." He heaves me forcibly towards the exit, everyone is staring. Bella looks like she might argue, her bottom lip quivering. She takes a step towards me. Why is she affecting me like this? I'm simultaneously furious at myself and panicking that I might lose it entirely. "Bella, just back off! Goddamit." We are at the door, just three more steps. My wolf is winning this battle, I have to get outside. Paul finally manages to haul me out the doors into the parking lot when Charlie, red-faced with anger and whiskey yanks my shirt, and tugs me to a stop. "Now what in the hell is going on here Jacob? Pull yourself together and stop causin' a damned scene." I bow my head at his words, I couldn't even hold it together long enough to not screw up today for him. I feel like a scolded toddler. "I'm sorry Charlie, I really don't know what happened… I haven't seen her in-" "I don't care. You're both adults now Jacob, start acting like it." He turns on his heel and walks back inside. I know he's right. I turn and stare at my pack. "Guys, I am so sorry. It's not acceptable. I'd be on your throats in a second if one of you pulled a stunt like that. I don't know what the fuck happened." "Jake, it's fine, we've got your back." Seth, as always is hugely forgiving and optimistic. I give him a grateful smile. "I'm going to head back to mine, calm down a bit. Call if you need anything. Have a good night guys." Paul slaps my back, the rest of them raise a hand to me and head back inside. I'm panting, but finally have my anger under almost control. I reach into my pocket and pull out the keys to my truck, I wander over to it, still trying to shove down the wolf's need to phase right here and right now when I hear tiny footsteps behind me. I growl involuntarily, almost too scared to turn around and face her. Why the fuck cant she just let me be? I heave a sigh, and rest my forehead against the roof of the truck. Breathe in, and exhale. Repeat. I suck in a breath and hope to God it steadies me enough for this. For her. " Bella, you really need to go. Seriously, I can't take much more of this." She stops, feet away from me. I can hear her worrying the shawl around her tense shoulders. She is sweating slightly. She inhales deeply and exhales, catching my eye and holding my gaze. "Jacob, I just wanted to apologise… for earlier. I'm stupid, I didn't think. I just kind of expected you to welcome me back with open arms or something… I uh…" She falters. Why does her heartbeat still affect me so? Why am I so angry? "Jake, please." The uncontained plea in her voice nearly undoes me. I can feel the wolf rising to the surface in fury again, and I struggle to dampen it down. As much as this little creature hurt me, I will not hurt her. Physically at least. I spin and glare at her, growling "Why are you making this so fucking difficult? There is no need. Come back for your father's wedding, be nice, be sociable. Don't come after me. Leave me alone. That's all I wanted Bells." Her nickname slips on my tongue like a breath. Fuck. Her eyes are glowing now. A lifeline thrown, and I didn't even mean to. She is reaching towards me. I'm trembling. "Jacob." It takes but one word and I am struggling to hold on. "Please." Two and I'm almost ruined. "Bella. Please go back inside." She stares up at me. Not an innocent 18 year old anymore. "Please go back inside Bella." Her arm reaches out and she senses my weakness. She has an eyelash on her cheek. Her lips are pressed together. "Please Bella." I am begging. This has never happened. She steps back, inhaling. Her heartbeat is still my conductor, even though I am trying my hardest to resist. "Jacob, I truly am sorry. You have to believe me." She is wringing her hands. Afraid to meet my eye. Goddamn it Bella. I step towards her and she flinches. Good. "Bella, I can't. That's it. That's all I have. You already took everything, I have nothing else to give you. Please go." She stares at me, and steps forward. I can almost hear her thoughts. I'm trying to contain the wolf, trying to stop it becoming both of us and dealing with Bella. So I barely even notice it as her tiny hands grab my face and force my lips down to hers.