think anyone lives in the house." There, that sounded better. "Thank you ma'am. The police should be there in any minute, do you want her to stay on the line with you?" "No, that's alright, thanks. Um, have a good night." But the dispatcher had already hung up. Bella took one more glance to the house, but it seemed like he was finally gone. He either had gotten into the house and found nothing, or was somewhere she couldn't see him. The minutes ticked passed, and still no sign of the cops. And she was suddenly regretting not staying on the line with the dispatcher. Maybe the thief would realize that the other house was a lost cause and instead come snooping over here looking for anything valuable. Bella looked around her mostly vacant home, and suddenly felt very vulnerable. She knew she would feel safer if she had something to protect herself—but she didn't own a gun. Figuring that was a good idea to be able to protect herself, she crept from the kitchen and started rummaging through boxes. It seemed hopeless after a few boxes, but then she found her old lacrosse stick from college; just begging to be used. Sadly, there were still no cops, but there was no sign of the burglar either. Bella out a big sigh in annoyance, and actually thought about going to bed and letting the cops take care of it. More of the wine talking. And just as Bella was about to get go to bed, she saw the white and black cruiser glide down the road. "Thank God!" An instant wave of relief washed over her when there was a knock on the door. "Yes! I'm coming, " With a spring in her step she opened the door for the Police, but standing in front of her was none other than the burglar. It was the man from earlier, but he was not dressed in all black, instead he worse a button up and jeans, not the typical burling outfit. There was sweat dripping from his forehead, and she recognized those broad shoulders, she would anywhere. He had definitely been the one snooping next door. "Can you—" he started. But before she could stop herself, the titanium handle of the lacrosse stick had given him one quick whack upside his head. Her brain had come to the too-quick conclusion that he was here to rob her as well. "Police! Hands up!" Despite her brain also telling Bella that she didn't need to put her hands up, the wine was more in charge. "Shit, woman!" The man shouted, his hands going to cup his now hurt eye. "What the hell!" "I'm sorry ," she cut, "But you're not robbing me, not if I have any say it the matter!" "Rob you? Are you insane?" He shouted, cupping his eye harder. "Hands up!" The cops ordered from her drive way, and both her and Mr. Handsome put up their hands; her lacrosse stick clattered to the ground. They restrained him first, and Bella watched as he automatically put his hands behind his back. But the whole time, he was scowling at her. Bella was sure they were going to handcuff the buzzed woman with the lacrosse stick, but they didn't touch her. "Ma'am, were you the one who called about an intruder?" The big burly cop looked to her expectantly, his slimmer partner just waited. "Um, well," She stuttered quite beautifully, the wine rearing its big angry head, "I said he was burgling the house next door, not mine." "So he actually hadn't stepped foot on your property?" The second one clarified. "Well, no, not until you guys showed up." Bella was just now realizing how she might have jumped to conclusions a little bit. But the guy was still an ass. What man shows up on a woman's porch in the middle of the night after he scolds her for walking in her own damn house? "I wasn't breaking into anything," The man stated from his seated position on her porch steps. "I just got into town when she did." He nodded towards Bella, "I was visiting with family all night but forgot my keys. The house is mine." Bella adverted her eyes just as he flashed her a rather sour glare. But when he turned away, she the time to really examine him. He definitely was tan, his skin looking darker under the dim moon. But what she hadn't noticed earlier, was his hair. It was a glorious mess of coppery bronze that looked like he just rolled out of bed, but in a delicious, 'I just had sex' kind of way. The sleeves of the button-down flannel were rolled up to his forearms and revealing more corded muscle there. He reminded her of a lumberjack. Or perhaps Bella was used to all the perfectly metrosexual men from New York City. Mr. Handsome was anything but. He looked gruff and tough with facial hair like that, But she was forced to stop staring when the cops asked him for his name. "Edward Cullen." He forced out, obviously still angry, as he had a right to be. "Alright sir, its seems like a plausible story, but we will have to bring you down to the station and double check for sure." They helped Mr. Handsome, or Edward, off the steps, and he went willingly. Not even an objection. "Um, is that really necessary?" Bella stepped forward, and the cops paused. Edward only glowered at her. Even if he was an ass, she had a heart after all. "I believe his story, so can't you just let him go?" "Just doing our job ma'am, so we have no choice but check out his story and credentials." The first one said, "But you have a good night, now." And with that they were gone. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX A/N Tell me what you think. I'm so happy to be re-writing/ revising this and finally finishing :)