to hear from here too." She grimaced at the sound of her voice. She sounded weak and whiney. Jasper didn't say anything but came over to the bed. He sat against the headboard and pulled his long legs on to her bed. Bella moved a little so she wouldn't be touching him. Touching him would be dangerous. Not that he would want her…not when he had Alice. "Wouldn't it be better to change me? James wouldn't be able to hurt me if I was a vampire." Bella said quietly, finally voicing her thoughts. She hadn't said it to Edward. For some reason she was scared of his reaction to such a request. Edward hated being a vampire and wouldn't want her to be 'cursed' with it. "The change takes three days of excruciating pain while the venom changes you. You would be vulnerable during that time and it would be harder to hide you." Jasper said. Bella was somewhat glad she got him talking to her. "But if we went somewhere remote till it was over. The family could guard me while I changed. James wouldn't go against all of you." Bella reasoned. "What about your family? We would have to fake your death…you are awfully young." Jasper said turning to look at her. "I…My mom has her own life now and Charlie has always had his own life." Bella said a little sadly. They had never felt like a family. She had never felt cared for by either of them. She didn't resent them but how much would they really care? "I don't know your mother but I have seen Charlie around town and I have felt his emotions toward you. I think you underestimate his love for you." Jasper told her. Bella was a little surprised by his words. Charlie loved her? They rarely talked. He wasn't a bad father but he really didn't show his love. Jasper would be an expert on emotions though wouldn't he? He was an empath. "I missed my family after I was changed. You should get as much time with them as you can. I would give anything to taste my mother's cornbread. Hear my sister laugh. Watch my father bow his head solemnly to say grace before dinner." Jasper had a faraway look in his eyes and Bella watched him in awe very curious about his life before. According to Alice he was older than all of them except for Carlisle. "Once you're turned you will have to distance yourself from them. Humans knowing about vampires is dangerous." Jasper told her. "Why?" Bella asked. Edward had hinted at danger but he had been vague and wouldn't tell her the specific dangers. "There is a coven of vampires called the Volturi. They are very powerful and one of their strongest laws is that humans remain ignorant of vampires." Jasper told her solemnly. "Can you tell me about them?" Bella asked curiously. Jasper talked for hours explaining about vampire society. He told her of their rules on changing children. The powers of the Volturi, their laws and personalities. His explanation brought about questions and she soon learned of his own vampiric transformation. She cried as he told of the wars he fought in Maria's newborn army, the lives he had taken and the depression he had felt as his powers grew and the emotions of his victims became too much to bear. She could almost feel his shame at his ruthlessness. She reached out a hand and covered the hand that laid in his lap wanting to offer him comfort. He seemed startled for a moment but then a smile graced his lips and he turned his hand over holding hers he lifted it to his lips and kissed her hand. Bella felt her face heat up and hoped that the darkness hid her blush. It was such an old fashioned gesture but it made her tingle right down to her toes. He didn't let go of her hand as he laid it in his lap. "You should get some sleep darlin'." He told her. She nodded but internally she wondered how he expected her to sleep when her body was aching to get closer to his. "Tell me about your childhood….no wait I want to hear about being a soldier in the confederate army." She told him smiling slightly. "I was the youngest major in the army…" He started to tell her about enlisting and rising quickly through the ranks. He told her about how different reality had been to what he had envisioned. He told her how he was cold and hungry most of the time. How even being a farm boy and seeing animals slaughtered there was just something very different about seeing a man dying beside you. Especially when that man was your neighbor and friend. His stories went from war to his childhood. Bella smiled and drifted off to sleep thinking about a golden haired boy running in fields with a dog beside him. The door slamming open startled him. He had been so intent on watching the sun make its path across Bella's face he hadn't smelled Edward until he was here in the room. He jumped from the bed guiltily, very aware of how bad their position looked. Bella had snuggled into him as she slept and he hadn't stopped her. His fingers were lightly running through her hair when the door opened. Jasper didn't need to be an empath to feel the anger that Edward was projecting. He gathered his thoughts trying to find a way to explain. Bella looked at Edward sleepily. She seemed confused but then she smiled widely. "Edward you caught James?" She asked. Jasper knew he should trust his brother but he found that highly doubtful. They should have let him track down James but Alice had insisted he stay with her. Edward growled and clenched his fists. "Alice and James are dead." He bit out and glared hatefully at Bella.