Becca and Rachel arrived back at their van. After years of watching girls act like fools around Jacob, they just knew their little brother was the cause of the ruckus coming out of " Barbie's Jungle Jeep " parked next to them. The Black sisters gave their infamous Sista Stink Eye Attack, before ducking into their vehicle and slamming the doors in unison. The kids were in an uproar, squealing, giggling, laughing as they crawled all over Jake in the backseat. "Jeeze Jake, you're not here 30 minutes and all you can do is leave a wake of people fighting for your attention." Rachel smiled as she rested her chin on the seat watching her brother bond with his nieces and nephews. Her heart warmed seeing him laugh and smile. He hadn't been himself at all since Leah left. She prayed they'd all be able to help him find this very part of himself he had apparently lost touch with. Amazing, it sure didn't take the kids long to dig out good ole Jake. "They're cute little critters...I don't mind playing with them. " He laughed, flipping a toddler over his shoulder into his lap. "She wasn't talking bout the kids." Becca smirked at him in the rear view mirror. "Huh? What? " He evaded expertly, as the pink Wrangler took off, music blaring, gorgeous occupants laughing as they honked the horn, waving at him like crazy. "Alright! Everyone in your seat-belts NOW!" *Crack. Crack* His giant hands clapped loudly cutting thru the chaos like thunder. Silence fell over the car as 6 tiny bodies stilled and 6 tiny mouths hung open in shock and surprise. Becca and Rachel stifled giggles as Becca maneuvered the car from the parking lot. The girls were more than willing to let Jake handle things, and be thoroughly entertained in the process. "Here. Kilani goes back in her seat. " Jake directed handing the baby over the front seat to Rachel. "Ok! Everyone belonging in the back seat - GO!" he was pulling Jayden out of the baby seat next to him. "But, I wanna sit by you Uncle Jake!" he protested. "No! I sit by Unca Jay!" Billy insisted. "Uncle Jake doesn't want you sitting by him - you smell" Jayden snapped, and Jake whispered something to him setting things straight. The 4 oldest crawled off Jake, wiggling and pushing their way to the far back. "Here, Emma, baby." he cooed softly with his deep husky voice, settling the youngest in the car seat next to him. Rachel watched him maneuvering the tiniest child into her seat as if she were glass. His giant hands manipulated the fastenings deftly as he gazed tenderly at his infant niece. Rachel's eyes washed over his familiar features, her heart filling for love and concern for him. She could see longing in his eyes. She knew how badly Jake wanted kids, and how wretched Leah had treated him about that. She was heartsick for him. "Uncca Jake?" 3 year old Billy tugged on his sleeve. "What partner?" Turning away from the baby, he responded wrapping his huge arm around the tot, dropping his face to the child's eye level. Such a natural with kids, Rach thought. Only a crazy woman wouldn't want to have kids with him. "You need to sit..no walking around while the car its moving, lil dude." "but, but, you're sitting in my spot!" the toddler accused digging his finger deep into his nose. "Ooooo, Jeeeze! Tissue!" Jake growled thrusting his hand over the front seat. The girls were laughing so hard they were crying, and Jake was getting no help fast. He leaned over the front seat demanding more urgently..."Need a tissue back here!" he growled waving his huge hand impatiently. Rach popped the plastic canister open freeing a ... "Wet Wipe!" she barked slapping the damp thing into his palm. "Dude! Dude...here we go...stop that! use this..." Jake had to push the tots finger away from his nose three times before getting it clean. "You got that shit from your dad.." Jake grumbled, getting the little guy settled next to him in a booster chair pulled from under the seat. "Pay the jar, Uncca Jake." Sara recited in monotone. He whipped around, elbow flying up on the back of the seat. "You!" Sara jumped a mile high in her seat, eyes flew wide, bottom lip quivering about an 8.8 on the Richter scale. He narrowed his eyes playfully at the little girl who looked exactly like her mother had... not all that long ago, Jake thought emotion tugging at his heart. " How do you know when to say THAT?" he smiled despite his efforts to remain stoic. The lip quivering whipped off the charts and she wailed, loudly, "Mommmmmmyyyy!" Jake snapped back in his seat, wide-eyed, hunched over in uncontrollable, silent laughter, biting his bottom lip hard. "Its okay, Sara...Uncle Jake is bad, just like your daddy and Uncle Paul...just ignore him, too !" Becca glared at him before returning her eyes to the road. "What?" Jake laughed out loud. "I just wanted to know how she knows when its a bad word!" "She lives with Paul and Embry, Jacob" Rach ground out in defense. "How do you think she knows!" Jake continued to shake uncontrollably with laughter. Finally he was able to dig through his pockets, locating a couple of ones. "Here ya go , sugar." Jake cooed sweetly, handing her the bills. " Put these in the jar for now, I'm sure I'll owe ya more before my trip's over." He winked at the grinning child before him and turned around just in time to see Island Barbie's Jeep hang a louie at the entrance to Hilton Hawaiian Village. He leaned forward, folding his arms across the top of the front seat and tugged on Becca's braid. "How much farther to your place?" "Not, far. You're gonna love our new house..and no worries, you'll see them again, I'm sure!"