infatuation with Laurent to gain the aid of the Denali. "We can't be planning to kill them. Carlisle would never agree to this. They're just boys, children. I understand that you're upset and that you want to protect Bella but we can't kill them all for one's mistake Edward." Esme pleaded with him and Edward could understand why she would plead with him. In the past he'd always caved, too little desire to care to do anything he'd shied away from most things, never having to face anything. Not anymore. His time as docile and morose were over. He'd made a fool of himself and that had ended with his mate harmed. Now was the time to think about making the family safe. They had too many enemies, it was time to end them before they grew too much to handle. "Children with dangerous powers. They don't fear us or respect us and that is why they've become so daring and hostile towards us. Ephraim feared us and respected our power. I've killed the rightful alpha; I've killed the chief's daughter's imprint in Paul and paralysed another of them. They will never forgive, I'm surprised they haven't already come here to kill us or attempt to." Edward told Esme and he knew his words hit deep within her she was beginning to understand that there was no chance for peace to be made; Edward had shattered the treaty but he would not feel guilty about it. He wouldn't feel a single part of remorse. "Edward's right Esme. They'd hunt Edward for what he's done. The treaty would have been null and void the second he crossed the treaty line, even though they have repeatedly gone where they please on our lands. They've pushed and provoked us into attacking so they can feel justified in harming us, they just thought they were stronger than they were." Emmet said seriously. The fun loving joker had morphed into defender of his family. With his human sister harmed and his brother in possible danger he was ready to defend them. "The problem with youth is it holds too much arrogance. I warned Carlisle these wolves were far too sure of what they could do and our constant backing down only made them believe their power. I don't for a second believe they are going to let this slide but I also know Sam is mature enough that he's seeing us for what we are. Edward alone was able to best three of them, one of them being the true alpha. They've viewed Edward as our weakest simply for his love for Bella. That fact will give us time to prepare because Sam will want to prepare himself before he comes to attack. Do you know the numbers of them now?" Jasper turned back to face Edward already mapping out ways to single out wolves before they could plan an assault against them. It was times like these that Edward found himself truly stunned at the complex structure of Jasper's mind. He must have been a truly fascinating human. "I can't be sure if any more have made the shift of recent. Sam, Leah, Seth, Collin, Brady, Quil and Jared. I know there are a few younger members who Sam has tried very hard to keep unknown to us but they're even younger, barely past puberty. They'd be of no challenge to even the weakest of immortals. I'd say as a pack at full strength they have no more than ten members" Edward told Jasper and Emmet for the briefest moment considered just taking Jasper and Edward across the treaty line and ending it now if Edward had been so easily able to beat three of them what would ten do. Edward had known though that his rage and overwhelming need to get Bella to Carlisle had helped as well as the complete lack of belief that he would be able to beat Jacob. All three of those wolves had believed Edward an easy kill; they had underestimated him. He doubted Sam would allow anyone else to do that again. Alice then zoned out from the moment as a vision consumed her. Edward watched intently as she saw that Carlisle was getting ready to call them back. Rose and Carlisle had done all they could for Bella now, this was all down to her now, overcoming the wounds. He'd need to take her into the hospital. It also appeared Carlisle had heard from someone and had information. While Alice's vision hadn't revealed what it was that Carlisle would say, it was time for the family to come together now. It was time to place false stories in place and work out how they would explain this to the humans. Bella had Charlie who no doubt was concerned where his daughter was this late in the evening. There was also the unknown of what the wolves would say about the two deaths and attack on Embry. They had just as many lies to twist, unless they decided to out the Cullens. Time was precious now as all of them had much to lose in this moment. It was time to come together as a family and prepare to close ranks and work out all the tales they would spin. Edward and Alice's gifts would be needed even more so now to help aid in moving the family around suspicion and threat of exposure. Edward moved before Alice's vision finished urgently, needing to see Bella to be with her even as she remained unconscious to the world. The yearning to hold her was strong even though he knew there was a place in his anger that remained hers. He loved Bella more than anything in this world but once she could handle it there would need to be a conversation. He knew that the hardships of their relationship were only beginning. It was time to piece together the shattered parts of what they'd allowed to become broken.