realized apparently they are called slips and baby dolls, who knew. I took a red one off of the rack to look at; it was a pleated baby doll that had lace for the cups, spaghetti straps and a little bow that tied just below the breasts. " That's really cute" Kim said appearing next to me. She lifted the tag on it and nodded. "On sale too, you should get it" She stated and I scoffed. " We've never had sex there's no point" I said placing it back on the rack. " You're going to eventually, why not have something sexy on hand for the day" She said wiggling her eyebrows suggestively. " Eventually being key there" I stated pulling a see through baby doll off of the rack that caught my eye as well. " Not to be invasive but what's the hold up?" She asked and I immediately blushed. " I'm nervous as hell Kim it's not just the fact I'm a virgin, I'm nothing like the hundreds of women he has already been with" I answered and she pulled the other one I liked off the rack handing it to me with the see through one I was already holding. " No you're not, they were one night stands maybe two nights for some of them but he loves you Bella. You may not be as experienced as all of them but it will mean a thousand times more with you than it ever did with any of them" She stated and I knew my best friend was right. She clapped her hands as I took both items to the till and said Paul could thank her later. . . . My heart pounded as I slipped on the red silk pleated one, losing my virginity was a huge deal and I knew it was going to happen one day I was just thankful I had a bit of liquid courage to help me. Paul was sitting on the end of his bed when I came in. "Wow" was all he said. "Do you like it? Kim forced me into Victoria's Secret with her last week" I questioned walking closer to him until I found myself standing between his legs as he still sat on the bed. "I love it" He said with a smile before standing up and placing a kiss to my lips, he lifted me effortlessly before we landed on the bed together. He moved so he was on top, I wasn't about to question any move he made since I was the novice in this situation. His lips made quick work of my jaw line, neck and across my collarbone. I could feel myself getting more and more excited with every touch, I found some confidence and made him lay back on the bed and it was my turn to be on top of him. I kissed down his chest making my way down his abs, before I knew it he was just wearing his boxers and I could see the effect of us getting hot and heavy was having on him. He continued to explore me with his kisses and with his hands touching any part of me he could, in this moment I had never felt so desired than I ever had. "Paul" I said and he pulled back to look at me. "We don't have to do this if you don't want to" He said quickly and I placed a quick kiss to his lips. "I want to, I'm just really nervous" I confessed and he made a confession too. "I am too, I never have been before. It's so different with you. Promise me something" He said and I looked him in the eyes as he spoke. "Of course" I stated waiting for him to continue. "Promise me you won't leave no matter hard this gets" he stated and I could hear the pain from his past coming through. "I love you Paul Lahote, I promise you with every fiber of my being that I am not going anywhere" I stated and he smiled ear to ear like the Cheshire cat. "I love you too Bella Swan, so damn much" He said before kissing me again. He slipped the last few pieces of material that were preventing the both of us from being naked off and this was it. No going back, I was about to lose my virginity to the love of my life and I wouldn't have it any other way. He slipped on a condom and positioned himself at my entrance looking into my eyes waiting for any signals. "If this hurts stop me ok" He said and I nodded. He entered me almost painfully slow yet it felt amazing, well that was until he broke the skin of my hymen. I winced and he stayed there for a minute letting me adjust to his size, it took me a minute but once he was able to keep going sex with Paul was like fireworks. He was skilled and I was honestly grateful for his experience because oh my god. My first orgasm hit me like a freight train as I yelled out his name followed quickly by his release as well. We laid there panting and I couldn't help the goofy smile that was on my face. "You ok?" He asked laying down once he disposed of the condom. "Amazing" I stated making him smile. He held me until we both started to drift off naked in bed, Paul literally made me the happiest woman on the face of this earth and I couldn't believe I had a life before him. Yet the best days were ahead of us from becoming his wife one day to mothering his children and all the little things in between. I couldn't wait for all of the things that the future had to hold, he was my everything and together I knew we could get through anything.