for a long minute before I respond. Would we have met? I don't know. Forks is a small town, but we go to different schools, live in different neighborhoods, and travel in different social circles. "I think we would," he says, answering for me. "Maybe." He turns to his side and his face is so close to mine that I can smell his breath. It's minty, as if he just brushed his teeth; I long to kiss that mouth. Just for informational purposes, of course. But I can't It's not like that between us. "Do-do you think if our brother's hadn't died that we'd still be friends? " He is stammering now and I'm puzzled; what point is he trying to make? Edward never stammers or stutters; he is always relaxed and self-assured. I sit up and look at him. His hair is blowing in the wind and it's sticking up all over the place, covering his eyes. I want to tuck that hair over his ear and then kiss it; he has the prettiest ears; small and pink. "I hope so," I say. My heart is beating fast and that current is so charged now that I suspect my own hair is about to take flight. "I brought something else to share with you tonight." "Another toy?" "No." "A memory?" He shakes his head, sits up, and digs something out of the pocket of his faded denim jeans. He hands it to me and I hold it up in the moonlight. It's a pair of concert tickets to see Barenaked Ladies . "Will you go out with me? To-to the concert I mean. They're playing in Seattle, it's an outdoor concert. I know they're not that popular anymore, but you like them … I mean … I think you do … you sang that song to me at Berty's and …" He is stumbling all over his words and I've never seen him look more flustered or sweeter. "I'd love to," I tell him, quickly. He lets out a huge sigh of relief and bites his lip. Lord, do I ever want to bite that lip. That's all I've thought about the last six months; in between thinking about my dead brother, of course. "I don't want to go with you as members of the DBC," he clarifies. "Okay?" "I-I don't know how you feel about me other than I'm the guy you met at our brothers' visitations. I know we can't change the way we met. I know it's weird. But even if I'd met you at the grocery store in the canned beans section, I'd still want to ask you out." This time I do allow my fingers to brush his coppery curls off his forehead. I trace the plane of his face and for a second he rests his cheek in the palm of my hand and I feel like I am holding something precious, like his heart. He leans into me and presses his mouth against mine and I feel the current explode into a rainbow of color over our heads. It's corny and way over the top, but it's lovely and sort of magical too. I run my fingers through his hair and smile into his mouth. Our teeth scrape together because he is smiling back at me. And that's when I realize that this is the first time I've felt happy, truly happy, in the last six months. I almost didn't recognize it as first, hence the hyperbole. I'm happy. We lay back on the rooftop and he deepens the kiss. His tongue introduces itself to mine and they're pleased to meet each other. Then he lifts his leg over my hip and we lay there for half an hour just kissing and giggling and being, well, happy together. He looks down at me and places a kiss gently on my forehead, grinning from ear to ear. And that's when I realize that maybe; just maybe, there is a heaven after all. And maybe, just maybe, Gar is up there now, swigging a Rainier and playing cars with Jake. And when I look back at the star in the sky and see the twinkle that mirrors the one in Edward's eyes, I think to myself Maybe it is like that between us, after all. ***THBC*** Author's note: This was my entry for the Meet the Mate Contest. While it didn't win any awards it was a fun and cathartic story for me to write. Thank you to all those who reviewed and or voted for this little story. Some of you may know that I lost my only brother when I was 15 years old. Chip was 25; handsome, mischievous, and so full of life. I miss him to this day and it's been over forty years since I saw him last. It has been said that siblings are the forgotten grievers. I believe this to be true. When my brother died I felt just as Bella does in this story; lost, lonely, and somehow responsible for holding my family, following the wake of my brother's death, together. How I wish I could have had an Edward to lean on in those dark hours. Thank you once again to all who voted for this story in the contest. From the reviews I know that I am not the only one who suffered the loss of a beloved sibling. My heart goes out to you all. Thank you to my beta, Fran, for whipping this thing into submission and to the girls who ran the contest. This was my first ever writing contest and it was a lot of fun! I do not know if there is more to be told with this story but just in case I get a wild hair for it to continue, please keep it on your story alerts. For now, I feel as though Bella has indeed met her mate, thus, my work here is done. Jayne xo