kiss so he follows her to the door and to his surprise he watches as she locks his door letting him know that tonight she will stay. He stands behind her and with his hand he pushes her hair to the side and lays an open mouthed kiss on her neck, he can feel the shiver running up and down her spine and loves the way her body reacts to his touch, he turns her around and pins her against the door, with his hands he lifts her hands and holds them above her head. His eyes search hers, he wants her to be absolutely sure because there will be no turning back for either of them, he won't let her go after this. He leans closer until their mouths are an inch apart and sharing the same breath, he asks her if she is sure about this and once she nods he kisses her with complete abandon and the passion he feels for her. Leah lets a moan escaped her throat and he matches it with a growl. She allows him the opportunity to delve inside and caress every inch of her warm mouth, every part of his body was reacting to her taste. This was heaven for him, he could stay kissing her all night, she was addictive and he nearly lost all control when he felt her arms wrap around his neck bringing their bodies closer. He was devouring her mouth, licking, sucking biting; he had waited so long for this. Every movement was making them both burn with desire. He pulled back to look at her and smiled when he saw her flushed face and heard her rapid breathing. His wolf was crazy with desire; their female was finally here willing and ready for them. He cupped her breast through her shirt, they were the perfect size for him and this caused Leah to moan deeply and whisper his name. He loved hearing the sound of his name on her lips, it filled him and his wolf with pride knowing they were able to please their mate. He kept exploring her body with his hands; she was perfect a real alpha female wolf and he was going to show her how a woman like her deserved to be loved. They were losing themselves in the passion they shared, it felt right and they could both feel how this was not only affecting them but their wolves' as well. Leah moved her hands to remove his shirt, she wanted no barriers between them, and she needed to feel his skin. He had always had an amazing body it came with been wolves but to her he was perfect. But he had other plans, he placed both hands on the door completely trapping her, he flicked his tongue against her lips and nuzzled her face like a wolf would do to his mate. He lean into her, kissing her jawline, throat and neck, he took his time to taste her and as a male wolf he needed to stake his claim by biting on the hollow of her neck near her pulse point. Leah was holding his head, her fingers were gripping his hair, she was losing her mind and she kept begging him not to stop. He lowered his hands and ripped her shit from her body throwing it to the floor. He took a moment to take in her body, she was only wearing a sports bra and her jeans, her copper skin was beautiful and every curve in her body was driving him wild. He went down on his knees until his face was facing her abdomen; he kissed and licked her skin, dipping his tongue inside her belly button making Leah call out his name. He started to get up leaving a trail of kisses from her abs to the beginning of her bra. He sucked her nipples through the material making Leah throw her head back and moan out loud. His wolf was screaming at him to take her, make her his. He moved his hands to her ass and lifted her up, when she wrapped her legs around his waist, he walked them to his room and laid her down on his bed, she looked happy, flushed, pleased and it felt so right to have her in his bed where she belonged. He started to remove her jeans; he wanted her completely bare to his eyes, no material preventing him from touching what was his. Once her jeans were on the floor, Leah sat down and moved her hands to his jeans to remove them, she wanted him, wanted to be his. They were both ready and completely focused on each other on what this night would mean to them but a the sound of a ringing phone brought them back to reality and made him groan in frustration. Leah knew who it was, Jacob had realized she wasn't at home and was calling to find out where she was before the whole tribe started to comment on her walking out and not coming home. She didn't want to go home but at the same time she knew that she couldn't do this anymore, she needed to fix her situation if she wanted something real with him. She feared he would get mad but instead he cupped her face and kissed her. "Tonight you have given me more than I could ever ask for, I know what you are thinking, I know you that well Clearwater and I will wait for you" he spoke softly to her and watched her smile at him, the words that came out of her mouth left him completely speechless "I will ask Jacob for a divorce Paul, I want to be with you" Author's Note: Okay well there it is the first chapter, I would love to know what you think about it and if you like it or not. Comments are welcome and highly appreciated.