said. We turned to walk out before I turned back as I remembered something. "Oh, mum?" "Yes sweetie?" "Did you remember to get my vegetarian sausages?" "They didn't have any left, sweetie, but I got you the chicken ones." "Okay, that's fine, thanks mum." "You're welcome, sweetie." We walked out the back to where all the guys were and saw that they were collecting wood and piling it up to start the bonfire. "Hi, guys," I said as the girls and I walked over to them. "How's it going?" "Hey," Xavier said. "It's going good, but I think my brothers might need a little help, though they would never ask." "Well, we'd be happy to help them," Rose offered and the others agreed. "Would you guys like some help?" Bella asked the guys with the rest of my sisters silently offering as well. "Sure." Jasper smiled. Alice went with Emmett to get some more wood, while Amber went with Jason, Bella with Jasper and Rose with Edward. I laughed to myself and turned to Xavier. "That was your way of getting them to spend more time with each other, wasn't it?" He raised his eyebrows innocently. "Well, what if it was?" He challenged. "Well, if it was and I know it was, then thanks." I smiled. "I was going to try something to get them alone, but I didn't know what." We both laughed at our similar ideas. "Would you like to sit with me for a little bit?" he asked. I nodded and he grinned taking my hand and walking over to the big log next to where the bonfire was going to be. I sat next to him resting my hands on my lap and Xavier moved closer to me. I didn't move away; it was wonderful to have him this close. He picked both my hands up and held them in his. "I know we've only known each other for a few hours, but I really like you already." I laughed. "Well you know what I mean…" I just smiled. "I already like you a lot as well." His smiled widened. "Well I was wondering if I could ask you a question?" He asked nervously. "Of course you can as me anything, go ahead." He took a deep breath and started to blush. I squeezed his hands and said to Xavier, "Whatever it is, you can ask me." "Okay here goes," he murmured before looking back up at me from our joined hands. "I was... well, I wanted to know... I mean, I was wondering if it would be okay if..." He paused looking away anxiously. "It's okay, go on." "I was wondering if you would like to go out with me; you know like on a date?" He asked with a worried look on his face. I took one of my hands and placed it on his cheek. "I would love to go on a date with you, Xavier." "Well, that's good. I was worrying you would say no…" He breathed a sigh of relief. "Of course not, I really like you, too and I can't wait to go on a date with you." I smiled widely and happily. I kissed his cheek and he blushed even more. I hugged him and he hugged me back just as tightly. We heard the others approaching and pulled away from the hug, but I still held onto his hands in my lap. They put the wood on the pile and then came over to us and I noticed that they were all holding hands. How perfect! I looked at Xavier's face and he winked at me. I smiled back at him. Xavier got up and kissed me on the cheek. "I'm going to go help my brothers get the bonfire going." "Okay, I'll be right here." I assured him and he winked at me. I just giggled and smiled. Rose, Amber, Bella and Alice came to sit down next to me. "You two looked very comfy together." Rose smirked. I nodded and looked over at him. "I can't help it, guys, he's stolen my heart." I sighed. "Awww, that's so sweet, Tess! We're so glad. You deserve happiness." Bella said wrapping an arm around my shoulder. "I've fallen for Emmett, fast." Alice acknowledged. "I feel that same way about Jason," Amber sighed. "I can say that Jasper has found a permanent place in my heart," Bella admitted. "Edward is amazing too. I feel like I've known him forever," Rose grinned. "Oh, guess what, girls? Xavier asked me to go on a date with him." I blushed, fiddling with the hem of my shirt. "OH MY GOSH, we have to go shopping for a new dress! When's the date?" Alice asked. "Um, we didn't get to that detail, yet. You guys interrupted us before we could set one." I shrugged. "Oops. Sorry, sis," Amber apologized. "It's okay, we can talk after dinner." I shrugged. Just then, Dad called out and told everyone that dinner was ready. I walked over to the guys and told them as well and they were eager to dig in. "It's about time!" Emmett jumped up. "I'm starving, man!" After we finished dinner, Xavier asked me if I wanted to take a walk along the beach with him. I smiled and nodded and he extended his arm out for me to take it as we began our walk. "Wait a sec," I paused and took off my sandals. "I love the feel of the sand between my toes." I admitted. "Me too," he agree. I wrapped my arm around his waist, leaned against his chest and he put his arm around my shoulders as we walked along the water. The view was so beautiful and the company made it all that much better. We talked about anything and everything. I had the best time getting to know more about this amazing guy and he was so sweet and caring. Overall, the whole night was magical.