"Jasper." She whispered in recognition as her eyes traveled over him until they met his eyes and then she started to back away, stumbling over the bed before huddling in a corner. Her fear was so thick he could almost taste it. He tried to calm her with his gift but she wouldn't have it. She stayed where she was, eyes tightly closed, hands covering her head. "Bella I promise I'm not going to hurt you." Jasper said in the most soothing voice he could manage. It didn't move her. Jasper threw his hands up in frustration and began to pace in front of the bed. "I have to mark her. I don't want to mark her but it's the only way. If Raphael hadn't been standing at the door I could have taken her out of here the moment I threw that creep off her. A mark...Edward would kill me. I should have listened to Alice but then she would have been in danger from Victoria..." He muttered under his breath. "Victoria?" Bella whispered and peeked up at him. He could feel her confusion and fear. At that moment he decided he would mark her. He would just mark her as a pet, it would make her eager to please him but if he didn't actually try to order her around it shouldn't interfere in her life. Edward would be pissed but he really didn't have a right to say anything since he wasn't here protecting her like he should be. He would make the mark slight and then never see her again. He would find Victoria and kill her and then he would return to being a nomad. "I'm going to mark you Bella. I can't think of another way to get you out of here safely." He said his voice confident. "What?" Bella exclaimed. "No way. That stupid vampire told me that a mark means that I will just be some kind of walking bag of blood for you. Find another way." She said her eyes spitting fire at him. Jasper almost smiled but knew that wouldn't go over well. He didn't have time to try to convince her and he had doubts of his ability to do so. He lifted her up, pinning her hands behind her and forcing her back to the wall. Bella screamed but Jasper blocked his ears. This was the only way... "Shhh..." He blew as he brushed her hair from her neck. He touched her neck... her skin was soft and warm. Goose bumps broke out on her bare neck and he could sense her arousal. She leaned into him and Jasper almost growled with need. He wrapped a strand of her hair around his finger and drew it up to his nose, breathing in her scent. It was intoxicating and he closed his eyes in pleasure. He felt a spike in her arousal and he opened his eyes. He could sense her confusion at the war within her between arousal and fear. He didn't want her to be afraid...she began to squirm and he brushed his lips along her ear nipping the lobe. She moaned in response and Jasper couldn't help his own reaction as he felt himself harden. He should stop this...just one taste...he ran his lips along her neck licking gently, tasting her. She was so good everything he ever dreamed of...Her breathing deepened and soon she was gasping in pleasure. All thoughts of stopping were gone as he sunk his teeth in her tender flesh. The minute her blood hit his tongue he knew... it was in the instant awareness of her mind...in her reaction to him...his reaction to her. She was his made for him and he was made for her. He wasn't just going to mark her lightly as his pet...no she was his mate and he was going to claim her. Did she want this? He couldn't claim her if she didn't...Her arms wrapped around him pulling him to her accepting his bite...his venom...him. Jasper ran his hand down her back cupping her butt and bringing her into contact with his need. She surprised him by wrapping her legs around him. That short sinful skirt she wore pulling up and allowing him to grip her warm thighs. He began to move against her and she matched his movements while arching her neck more for him. He growled softly at this sign of submission. She began to chant his name and he thought he would explode...but he held back waiting for her. The minute he heard her scream her orgasm he came. He held her while both their bodies shuddered with pleasure. He gently licked her mark, sealing it with care. He felt like he was lost, his love for her was overwhelming, more than he thought he was capable of feeling. She put her legs down but they were too shaky to hold her weight. He caught her before she fell. He picked her up and gently laid her on the bed. He covered her in blankets then laid down beside her. She cuddled into him with a satisfied smile on her lips. He studied her face while she slept, every once in a while reaching out and caressing her face. He hadn't meant to claim her. It was supposed to be a little mark. Alice was right he had attacked her and forced her ...no Jasper stopped his thoughts. He wouldn't have been able to claim her if she hadn't been willing. His fingers trailed down to his mark on her neck. She moaned in her sleep and he smiled. He didn't think she knew what this meant. He was sure she would fight him. He had learned a lot about Isabella while he was claiming her. She wasn't the shy subservient girl she portrayed herself to be. He looked forward to the challenge she would give him. She was his, he had claimed her, now he would protect her and...win her love.