Charlie finally spoke, "Please, she is my youngest. Have mercy, please don't take her from me." Edward opened his mouth, but before he could answer, his ears pricked to the quiet footsteps approaching. Bella somehow seemed smaller with her thin traveling cloak draped across her shoulders, as she clutched a worn pack so close to her chest, Edward was sure the Gods themselves couldn't pry it from her. But he only turned his gaze to the father, "Sir, do you want this to be the last thing your daughter remembers of you?" As Charlie sniffled, it was an effort not to rip out the man's throat for what squalor he had dragged his family through. Nonetheless, Edward thought Bella deserved a proper goodbye. "There, that wasn't so hard. Now find your bearings and embrace your daughter in farewell." Edward watched as she stood in a rigid hug; her face so void of emotion it made his stomach wrench. He recognized that expression; he felt that every single minute of every day. "Don't trust him, Bella," Charlie hushed in warning, ignorantly assuming Edward couldn't hear, "Whatever you do. He's the last—" "Enough." Edward snapped, finally finding the end to his patience. The horse shifted under his legs, as Bella, ever so slowly turned to him. Her previously blank face was now replaced with pure hatred as she scowled up at him. But he still saw her nerves manifest as she clutched her sack closer. "Ready?" he quirked a brow. "Do I have any other choice?" She answered just as fast. "No." Edward felt the frustration fly across his features at her boldness. Who knew a human could be so problematic? "Where is my horse, or do you expect me to walk?" she asked blatantly, and Edward pressed his lips together to repress a growl. Her smart mouth was going to take some getting used to. Ignoring the way she seemed to catch herself, and prepare for him to strike her, Edward just motioned with his head for her to join him. "No, you will be riding with me," he said stiffly. But she planted her feet into the ground: she was not moving. Edward rolled his eyes as he swung down from the horse, and in two, sweeping steps, he was at her side. Somehow she was brave enough not to retreat, for any other, Fae alike, would run in fear if Edward approached them as he did her. He was beyond losing his patience as this girl threw her tantrum while Victoria was most likely closing in on them. "We need to hurry," He growled under his breath when he grasped her elbow. But she either didn't hear or care as she blinked up at him. She struggled to keep up with his pace as her feet dragged. But damn him, Edward fingers still twitched from her warmth, and it only grew worse as her scent drifted toward him. Even through the layers of grime, she was tantalizing enough to make his instincts tense. They were all unwelcome reactions, but still dangerous in any right. Giving his self-control a good lashing, he took her waist, "Sit lightly," he barely grunted before he easily lifted her into the saddle. Gods, there was nothing to her as Bella shivered at the touch, and he knew it was only going to get worse when he joined her. With a grumble, Edward hauled himself on the animal, his shoulder lightly brushing the back of her cloak only making her shudder harder. Give her your cloak. The voice purred; the part of him that perhaps wanted Edward to give in; to throw all self-control out the window and claim a human as his mate. Edward only shook his head at his own monologue; she would most likely recoil from the gesture in any event. And even if he wanted the good opinion of a human, what was it worth? Humans were greedy and fickle beasts, and better to be kept at arm's length. But it didn't stop his curiosity from getting the best of him as she sat, arms crossed, scowling towards the dark woods. "Bella?" He peered over her shoulder, but her eyes remained forward. And he took that opportunity to note how long her hair was, the tresses still shiny as they swept away to reveal delicate brows, and a slightly upturned nose. And even though she needed a good hearty meal, Edward guessed that to other humans, Bella might be perceived as pretty. "What?" Edward held out his hand, "Would you care to hand me the reigns, unless you know where we're going?" "Maybe if you told me where that was, I could lead for a while," she snapped. She was too wicked for her own good, so he simply cocked his fingers, perhaps only to annoy her further. "Fine," she huffed, placing the leather in his palm. He could still feel her burning warmth even through his thick gloves. "Can you at least tell me your name?" she grumbled. Her harsh tone only continued to make the monster inside him roar. "I suppose you can call me Edward," he replied simply. He saw her disappointment as she turned forward to cross her arms, the swift movement sending more of her scent wafting towards him. Edward stiffened. "No title such as Lord or Prince to go with such a name?" Bella craned her neck this time, the unbound hair almost brushing his open collar. He pressed his lips together to suppress his treacherous body's response. "No, just Edward," he answered curtly. Of course, she would hope he was royalty; like most humans, she was obsessed with wealth and nothing else. Thankfully, she remained quiet after that. And as Edward urged their horse forward, he felt her hold her breath as they took the first step into his world ... and what would soon become hers ... A/N Tell me what you think. And as always, thank you for reading and reviewing :)