we're just waiting for someone else." "Oh?" Bella couldn't think of anyone else that Jasper would have invited. "Who is it?" "You'll see." Jasper nodded towards the water, and that's when she saw a certain person swimming towards their dock. "Edward?" Her voice rose a little too high for her liking. "Why on earth did you invite him?" "Why not?" Jasper shrugged. "The guy did help me save your life after all. I think he at least deserves a boat ride." "It's not that," Bella crossed her arms nervously, watching the figure draw closer. "Its just so awkward." Bella knew there was no reason to be anxious; they were both adults that could be civil towards each other. But it didn't mean she had to like it. "I'm sorry Bells, but he used to be my best friend. I willingly chose you over him after dad died, but I miss the guy." Bella sighed, "I know. But you have to understand Jazz; this is most likely equally as tough for him too." Jasper looked as if he wanted to say something else, but Emmett interrupted him. "Hey look, it's Eddie Boy!" Emmett cheered as Edward easily hauled himself up their dock ladder. Jasper tossed him an extra towel, and Bella couldn't help but glance his way as he wiped his face and body in one swipe. Just because they ended badly, didn't mean she was blind. Neither was Rosalie, it seemed. "Edward, good to see you brother." Jasper clasped shoulders as Edward grinned at Emmett then Rosalie. Everyone but her. "Good to see you too. And Emmett!" Edward just smiled wider, "Good to see some things never change." Both men gave hearty laughs before a quick hug. Rosalie too even said how nice it was to see him again. But Edward said nothing to Bella. Jasper shot her a wary look. "Okay! Let's get going." Her brother announced as he started the boat. Edward looked to every open seat before he made a move towards the back with Emmett and Rose. Good. Now that was over, she could relax. Her anxiety easing, Bella laid back and closed her eyes in hopes of catching a few rays. She stretched her legs out to get comfortable, but then something brushed her foot. "Sorry," An unmistakable voice apologized. So he had come back to sit with her after all. Interesting. Bella kept her eyes shut as the boat increased speed, "It's fine." She murmured, but her skin was buzzing from the brief contact. It was like her body could sense whenever he was near, and couldn't help but react. However, as Jasper increased speed, the combination of the warm sun, the motion of the lake, and the drone of the motor lulled Bella somewhere between sleep and wake. The only thing keeping her away from full unconsciousness was a big wave causing her leg to brush Edward's. Each time goose bumps erupted that she chose to credit to the wind. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Bella woke slowly, her eyes adjusting sluggishly. Stretching out her limbs, she listened to the telltale splash of her family and friends in the water before she finally sat up. It took a while for her head to adjust to the upright position as the boat rocked comfortably. But when she did, her face fell as she saw who was seated next to her. Edward looked up at her from his book and gave her a timid smile. The small gesture made him even more handsome. "Nice nap?" "Good, thank you," she responded coolly. He nodded, returning to his book as Bella took in her surroundings. They were at one of the many shallow inlets. The water there deep enough to anchor safely, yet shallow enough to swim. That was exactly what her brother and friends were doing. Everyone but her and Edward. "Why aren't you with everyone else?" Bella cocked her head towards the beach. He shrugged. "I didn't want to put down this book." Bella stood to grab a drink from the cooler, all too aware of the eyes that followed her. "What's it about? If you don't mind me asking." Bella offered him the beer in her other hand, but was unable to stop her eyes from scanning his appealing torso before they rested on his low-slung swim trunks. Not fair, none of him was fair to look at. Accepting the beer, Bella also tried not to drool when his throat bobbed with each sip. "Just some brainless romance." He said rather dismissively as he tossed the book on a nearby seat. "Really? That doesn't sound like something you would usually like." He just chuckled, "And how would you know what I like, Bella?" "That's not fair," She gave him an apologetic look, "You know what I meant." "No," Edward's eyes were intent on her, "Can't say that I did." Bella shifted her weight uncomfortably. "Look, I'm sorry about everything back then. I was young and scared. And I'm sorry about everything that happened in that bar. Can we please get past it and at least be cordial with each other. If not for me, for Jasper's sake?" "And what about that bar, Bella. Did you just want cordial then?" Edward raised a brow, waiting. "I have to admit, I was attracted to you, yes." Bella held up a finger when Edward's brows rose, "But then I realized who you were, and knew it could never work." He just nodded, his face unreadable. "Fine. Then let's agree to be cordial. For Jasper's sake. What do you say, Bella?" He stuck out his hand. Bella gave it a wary look before she clasped her hand in his, once again choosing to ignore the spark that shot up her arm. "Deal. We can survive each other for a week, right?" Edward retracted his hand, wiping it on his swim trunks before chugging his beer in one swig. "We'll see, won't we?" And he dove into the water before Bella could answer.