grabs her ass. "I'm thinking early bed times and lots of weekends with grandma, they have two now." He wags his eyebrows and says, "You don't need to worry about a baby today. I think we'll have plenty of time trying before anything happens." Bella trails her fingers from his chest and through the line of hair just below his belly button. "That's true and I know we both want this family to grow. But I'm really going to miss having you all to myself." "I am all yours. And I promise we'll find time to be alone," he says and kisses her quick. Bella wakes up alone in bed and listens for her husband. She tosses the covers back, but just before she sits up she remembers Edward setting his alarm after he made her come yet again. He had told her to not panic if he wasn't there. He wasn't leaving, he needed to take his meds early so they could go a couple more rounds in the morning before moving her in. She thought it was strange then, but now she understood. He didn't want her coming to find him or yelling for him. He didn't want to snap at her, he wanted to feel like himself when she woke up for the first time as his wife. Snuggling back under the covers she thought of what Jasper had told her. How he had asked if she thought Alice could love him enough for him to be 'normal'. If she could love the autism away? Bella told him of course not and that Alice, and all of them, loved him exactly the way he was. Jasper nodded as he does, but paused to look directly at her. "You and Edward love each other," he told her. "You love him. You can't love him enough to make him different. It's up here that's wrong like me," he said pointing to his head. "Not in here," he placed his hand over his heart with a frown. "Don't get mad at him when you can't fix it." He walked away to play with Jacob and left Bella to her thoughts. She knew he was right, but she also knew how tempting the thought of loving Edward's depression away was. How could he be depressed if she and the boys made him so happy? How could he not change? But deep in her she knew Jasper was exactly right, his depression wasn't a feeling, it wasn't something he chose, and he couldn't simply take it off. It was something he and her had to live with and manage together. The smell of fresh coffee brings her out of her thoughts and she smiles to herself. Their life may not be perfect, but it was bursting with love and joy and there was nothing more she could ask for. Edward's footsteps echo through the house as he makes his way back to bed and his Bella. Hoping she isn't awake yet, he slips under the covers behind her and kisses her neck. He kisses up and down her spine and across her shoulders, before rubbing his already hard dick against her. She pushes back and that's all the encouragement he needs to lift her leg and line himself up with her entrance. She winces as he starts to move and he stops "Are you too sore, baby?" he asks sounding guilty. "No. Please don't stop just go slow for a minute," she says and reaches back to hold onto his hip. Edward does as she asks and wraps her hair around his hand to keep it off her neck and out of his way. He feels the weight of her breast in his hand and pinches her nipples as he kisses and nips at her neck. "Touch yourself for me, come for me quick." With a shaky hand she reaches between them to feel him move inside her before rubbing the exact spot she needs it most. Edward lifts his head to watch her and grins as her fingers move faster with his every word. "We need to get to your place so I can take you on the kitchen counter like I've wanted to since my first time there." She places both hands between her legs and pushes back against him with more force. "Then hurry up and fuck me harder." With a slight tug on her hair, he tilted her head back enough to kiss her lips. He thrusts as hard and fast as he can and holds off his own orgasm until he feels her toes curl against his leg and she screams his name. He doesn't give her a chance to recover but instead slaps her ass and pulls her back as he pushes forward, setting off his own release. "Well, good morning to you, too", Bella says as she rolls over to face him. "That was one hell of a wake up call." "Good morning, wife," he says and gives her cheek a quick kiss before throwing back the covers and standing up. "The coffee is already made. Let's get going. I wasn't joking about that counter. I'm having you for breakfast." "I need a quick shower first," she says with an excited laugh. "Good. So do I." Edward winks and grabs her by the hand. "How on earth did we manage to last up until now?" Bella asks as she stares at his naked body next to hers. "I have no idea, but I'm so glad I don't have to hold back anymore and neither do you." All the times she's wanted him flows through her mind and she starts walking faster to the shower. "Thank God. Now move that fine ass of yours into the shower. I'm hungry for breakfast," she says with a wink. Thank you for reading! Ipsita made me a beautiful banner you can see on fb and twitter. Also be sure to check out the Anything Goes contest :) Love, J