my chin, and places her finger over my lips. "Tell me when you're ready. I don't need a reason to keep you all to myself," she says with a reassuring smile. I dip my head to kiss her quick and say thank you against her lips. Her easy going acceptance endears her to me even more. No one has ever seemed to truly understand me, but she does. I can't help but look forward to our future together as we learn more about each other and share more experiences. We wash up after finishing at the shelter an hour early, and I decide now is as good of a time as any. I'm excited and so nervous I could puke as I shut the truck door behind Bella and then get in my side. "How about now?" We ask in unison and look at each other. My still sore from smiling cheeks blush at the thought and she smiles with a shy excitement that tells me she wants this just as much as I do. She turns off the highway onto a back road and parks the truck. "Please stop looking so nervous. It will be amazing. I promise," she says as she pulls off her shirt and slips her underwear off from under her skirt. Sitting next to me after taking off her boots, she places one of her still socked feet on the seat next to herself, runs her hands down her thighs and starts pleasuring herself. "You better hurry up and join me, Edward," she says with a deep sigh. My shirt is off and I push my pants and boxers down faster than I thought possible. I stroke myself as she watches and can't believe the confidence and boldness she gives me. I reach over and lift her skirt with my free hand to watch her fingers working herself. It's the sexiest thing I've ever seen and I almost come but hold back with a groan. "Are you close, baby?" I nod yes and she moves to sit facing me. Leaning with her elbow on my thigh, she takes the tip between her lips, starts to suck, and massages my balls, all the while still fingering herself. She bobs her head in time with my hand, sending me to the point of no return in seconds. My eyes roll back as I come, but she doesn't stop moving her mouth over me. The sensation is too much and I moan my frustration at wanting her to never stop and knowing I can't take it. With one final lick she sits up, kisses my cheek, and lies back on the seat. Legs spread like an invitation, she slowly circles her clit with her middle finger. I waste no time leaning down to replace her finger with my tongue. She's even wetter than I remember and my fingers glide in to fill her without any resistance. Her sweetness coats my tongue like the most divine nectar that I could drink for days. Her breaths get increasingly louder and heavier, her legs are shaking and she's holding my face against herself. "Fuck, yes!" she yells as she finds her own release. I kiss down her thighs as she catches her breath until she stops me by pushing my shoulders until I sit. "Are you sure, Edward?" She asks lovingly as she opens the glove box and pulls out a condom. "I've never been more sure," I answer in a deep lust-heavy voice, and I'm already hard again as she rolls it onto me. Straddling my lap, she wraps her arms around my neck and our lips join. I can feel so much passion and want from her. It's like fire coursing through our veins. "Please," she moans and lifts her hips just enough for me to reach between us to line us up. She sinks down, taking all of me in with ease and I can't move. I've never felt such ultimate pleasure coursing through me. Together we watch where we're joined as she slowly lifts up and down. It's the most perfect torture. Holding onto her ass, I guide her over me as I move my hips with hers. Our chests rise and fall, the view nearly killing me. Bella places her hand between us, runs her fingers around the base of my dick and then begins circling her clit. She stills her hips and lets me take the lead, thrusting into her with abandon. It's so new and foreign to me, yet somehow feels perfectly natural. Her breasts bounce against me, adding to the overwhelming sensations going through my body, and bringing me even closer. "Come for me." I beg and give her all I can. I focus on her soft wet heat surrounding me and feel it tighten. Keeping from moving too fast, I kiss her earlobe and whisper, "Please, babe. Let me watch you come on my cock." Kissing down her jaw and neck, I sit back to watch us again. She utters a hard, "fuck." And starts to move her hips in earnest as she stills mine with her hand. Frantically rubbing her clit, her movements become erratic and she lets out the sexiest murmurs I've ever heard. She tightens around me over and over and my restraint is gone. Snapped like a rubber band. I move her over me as I thrust into her and quickly find my own release. I come so hard I feel my abs flex under her hands as she kisses my jaw. "That was..." I say, unable to find the right words. "Amazing," she whispers, as she runs her hands through my hair. "I think I love you," I say and squeeze my eyes shut in horror. What a dumb, cliche, stupid thing to tell her. "Good," she says with a smile and leans in to kiss me with so much tenderness and love my eyes water, "I think I love you, too." Thanks for reading! Love, J