more forcefully than necessary, still appalled by their actions. She smiled kindly. "I guess they're just fighting for what they believe in," the perfect girl said diplomatically. "I don't think I can really blame them for that," she added in a softer voice, more to her self than Edward. "I guess not. I've never seen them touch any one before. They're normally just full of unsolicited opinions but that was one of the larger gatherings I've seen and I think they tend to feed off each other. It's not safe." "Mhmmm… probably not good circumstances to evoke a pack mentality," she mused as the traffic started moving. "I am trying to go into that building though so if you could just drop me off at the entrance that would be more than kind of you." "I'm going into that building too. Personnel parks inside, for obvious reasons, I'll drop you off at the elevator before I go sign in," he reassured her while pulling into the drive way. Part of him wanted to know why she was going into a free clinic in an underprivileged part of Seattle. It was daft of him to think that beauty would exempt one from poverty but she was far too precious to not be well cared for. Perhaps she was looking to volunteer… "Oh, so you're a…" "Doctor. Yeah. I don't normally work at this clinic though; I'm an obstetrician at much larger hospital downtown. We have certain amount of hours they like us to give back to the community, so they send me here every few months," he offered, hoping his openness would invoke her own. He unexplainably wanted to know more about her but once the words escaped his mouth he realized that he sounded like he was bragging, not to mention more-or-less renouncing the clinic she could very possibly be working at… That would have explained the protestor's aggression. "Well I'm very glad today was your day," she smiled sheepishly, complementing but giving nothing away. "Thank you again, Dr…" "Cullen. I'm Edward Cullen. You can call me Edward…" he rambled, feeling like an idiot. Her presence made it difficult for him think and he suddenly wondered if it was even safe for him to be driving while under the influence of the little angel. He thought that if her sweet strawberry scent that filled his car wasn't considered a mind altering substance, it should have been. "Bella Swan." Edward smirked. "So are you ready for the line?" Bella laughed lightly and he knew she knew exactly what he was referring to. "Hit me." "Bella…that means beautiful in Italian. It suits you…" he drawled in the sleaziest voice he could muster, and wiggled his eyebrows suggestively. She snorted adorably. "You have no clue how often I get that…" "I can only imagine. It really is a beautiful name though. Don't let cheesy pick up lines ruin it for you," he said with complete honesty. "Thank you." He pulled into an available spot as a troublesome thought occurred to him. "You can do me a favor. To thank me," he told her, turning off the car and angling his body to look at her closely. He instantly regretted the combination of words and actions. She looked at him wide eyed and shifted nervously. "Oh?" she inquired with a small voice. "Yes. Please don't hop into cars with strange men. I'd never hurt you but you didn't know that, Bella. You're far too lovely to be so trusting," he plead. Her face burned red with embarrassment while simultaneously grinning with relief. He was happily taking in the sight when he saw her hand move for the door handle. She was leaving him. "Well thank you for the rescue Edward, and a double thanks for not killing me and chopping my body into unrecognizable bits," she teased with a grin, then lifted her self from the car and began to walk away from him. "Bye, Dr. Cullen," she smiled through the door. His ability to form a coherent sentence to stop her failed miserably as he panicked. He'd never had to try to get a woman's attention before. He seldom wanted all the attention he did get. The wrong kind of women flocked to good looks, money, and power and he had all those things. Edward Cullen spent too much time turning down even the most attractive members of the fairer sex, normally not willing to waste his patience on unfulfilling relationships, but he had just taken a rare and immediate interest in the most exquisite little beauty and she just walked away from him without a backwards glance. Was this karma? Her absence felt like a loss but he was now running late so Edward forced him self out of the car and walked reluctantly to the back elevator. He knew he was pouting; he wanted to see her again. Bella Swan. She'd given him her full name; did that mean he had permission to look her up? Was there a Mr. Swan? He groaned outwardly at the thought. He hadn't considered looking at her ring finger; he hadn't been able to peel his eyes off that flawless face, those deep chocolate eyes. Of course someone like her wasn't available. She was some else's angel. Some one out there adored her. Dr. Cullen walked grudgingly into the empty service elevator and used the solitary 30 seconds to compose him self. Today would not be good. oOoOoOoOo January 20th, 2011- Nise7465 has been kind enough to not only Beta my new chapters but also volunteered to painstakingly read her way through Thicker Than Blood's old chapters and make the needed corrections. This chapter has been beta'ed by her and I will be switching out old unedited chapters as she gets them to me. Hope you all appreciate her work to make this story more enjoyable as much as I do! If you haven't come across her stories yet they are worth seeking out. -JD