sniffing or rubbing his nose. He even looked at his teeth but could find nothing strange. "Never dad. I stick strictly to tripping and getting drunk. Oh and Bella. We're clean, and she gets a shot so I can't knock her up. We stay pretty straight during the week, I swear." "All right. I trust you." Carlisle patted him on the back and stood to leave. "Do I get to meet her today?" Edward scratched his head and tried to come up with a good reason so Bella wouldn't feel uncomfortable. "How about I bring her home next weekend? I need to get cleaned up for tonight." Carlisle nodded and stopped in the kitchen on his way out to smell the brownies sitting out on the counter. "These are coming with me." Edward chuckled. "Sure. They're mom's recipe. We used the good shit, so wait until you're home." He stood and looked around the apartment once again and at his son. "This might sound wrong, but I'm really happy for you Edward. You seem to be doing just fine. Make sure you lock the screen on your phone from now on though." "I did, but when I'm all fucked up I can never figure it out. I took care of Emmett, though. No worries. Give mom a hug and tell her I'm sorry." "Will do. Send her a picture of yourself in paint tonight." Carlisle shut his eyes tight and shook his head, when he realized what his son might send. "Make sure you're covered first, but I think she'll be rather impressed by Bella's artistic talent." "Alright, see ya next week." Edward closed the door behind his dad and yelled that it was all clear. Bella came out of the bedroom, taking off her clothes and heading towards the bathroom. "I need you clean and ready to paint. Hurry up!" "You know, you're really sexy when you're working." "Good, get in there and start scrubbing while I clean our favorite toy." She joined him in the shower and made sure he didn't miss any spots from the night before. Drying off, she instructed him to make sure he wouldn't have to move for a while and to get as dry as possible. Bella wore one of his t-shirts and a pair of his boxers and got to work setting out the paint she needed. He stood in the center of the tarp and waited for her to start. The feeling of the brush and paint against his skin was incredible. It was more fun when he was high but understood that this was important to her and tried to control himself. "Can I have anything at all?" "No, babe, sorry. You can do whatever you want when we're done. I promise." She kissed his lips and then continued to paint his entire body white. "I'll even let you take candy from Alice." "Really? That's like the funnest thing ever." The wistful glisten in his eyes made her laugh. He was like a little kid being handed the cookie jar. "Wow. You never know with Alice. It could be acid, E, or THC." An epiphany hit him and he had to share it with her. "Like a trippy box of chocolates from Forrest Gump!" "I know, but first you have to sit still and not move for hours. It's going to suck." "It'll be worth it if I can fuck with people afterwards. I can, right?" Bella stood back and smiled up at him. This beautiful, intelligent, probably still drunk, half painted man, was everything she could ever want in a guy and more. "Of course." She smiled and kissed him again, mindful of not rubbing against him like she wanted, to not smear the paint. "But no getting killed by a boar and the only woman you're pleasuring is me." "Huh?" "You're being an Adonis statue tonight. I'm giving you a leaf though. The university elite don't need to see your dick." It would be fun to paint and even better to stare at all night, but Bella couldn't handle the thought of every faculty member looking at his...member. "All right, but hold off on the thong. That thing was tight." ...TWP... Bella was adding the last strokes of gray paint when the apartment door opened. Emmett walked in carrying two buckets of fried chicken, with a blonde on each arm. "Dude! Put away the cock show, unless you care to join us." He wagged his eyebrows and one of the girls licked her lips. Edward tried to not grimace and answered, "No thanks, man. I have to do another thing tonight. Have fun?" "Will do. Hi, Bella. You know you're always welcome too, right?" "I know, sweetie. I'm good, though." She smiled and pointed at Edward's cock as she winked. "Alrighty then." The three of them walked into his room. After a few minutes a very confused, naked, and erect Emmett walked out, eating a chicken leg. "Did you jizz on my bed?" Bella and Edward both nodded and shook from head to toe trying to not laugh hysterically. "Dude. What the fuck did you send to your mom and dad?" "Not telling. No more involving the parents or it'll be piss next time," Edward said as a threat and Bella side eyed him. She hoped he wouldn't be enlisting her help. Edward's phone chimed with an incoming text and Emmett ran to pick it up. Tears ran from his eyes and he had to hold his side to stay standing. Through roaring laughter he read what he knew to be from Edward's mom. Your dad loves my vibrator on his freshly waxed balls and I had forgotten how freeing it was to streak. Thanks for the tips and the brownies! Love always, mom. Thank you for reading! Be sure to check out all the other contest entries! There are some amazing ones. C-26, Awkward By Morning, and Wish Upon A Star were my personal favorites. Love, J