on the bar and passed out. "Leah, I need your help!. Let's get him in my office and let him sleep it off. I need you to call our girl and make sure she's alright." Leah called and spoke to a very drunken Iz, who insisted she was fine and thanked Leah for her concern before asking her to kindly fuck off. Leah hung up, laughing, and told Jake the love birds had it bad and to give them some space. Iz woke up early the next morning, despite her pounding headache, and got ready for work. She braided cornrows into her hair, put on her favorite button-down shirt over her tank top, and stepped back into her loose fitting jeans before lacing up her favorite black Doc Martens. She lit a cigarette as she stepped out her door and nearly tripped over Edward, holding his guitar, sound asleep on her doorstep. She nudged his leg with her boot. He groaned and sat up, rubbing his eyes and then running his hand down his face. "It's you." She nodded and bit her lip. "I don't know what I'm doing. I don't even know what this is. I only know I need you. Please let me." "Let you what? Use me until you get bored and go back to getting head from bar sluts?" He had never seen her look so unsure of herself or tired. Sadness overtook his features and he tried to explain. "No. I only want you and whatever you're willing to give me. Please, at least keep singing with me. I don't want it without you. Something in me changed, shifted, I won't go back. Sit down and let me show you." Iz sat down mumbling about how one night with her couldn't possible make him this weird. "Are you on something?" "No." He giggled at the thought. "I'm hungover." He stood and started to play his guitar, stumbling around a bit as his brain and fingers were slow to work together. Iz didn't recognize the song but could feel the heartbreak he sang of. She could feel his longing sadness. By the time he finished singing for her, she was wiping away tears. "That's my future if you don't let me in. I need you. In my soul I know it. You're my muse." "I don't know how to be someone's muse, Edward," she said with her eyes shut tight and her hands pulling her hair back. "I don't even know what that means," she said, sounding scared. "I want you to teach me everything. You inspire me to be more, to want more. Please, Iz," he pleaded. He'd never before spoken her name and hearing her nickname on his lips bothered her. She needed him to know her, all of her. "Isabella, my name is Isabella." She smiled at him and left her doubt and fear on the door step. She flicked her cigarette into the street, stood on tip-toe in front of him, and pulled his face to hers. He responded by hugging her to himself and following her lead. He mimicked her kiss and found the balance between showing his need and expressing how much he treasured her. They pulled apart breathless and reeling. "You're one hell of a student." He smiled bashfully and nodded. "You're an awesome fucking teacher," he said as he smirked. He moved his hand between them and easily into her loose jeans. With his hand on her back so she couldn't get away, he stroked her clit just like she showed him. Her legs shook as she reached behind for the door handle. She grabbed him by his shirt and dragged him inside. He pushed her against the wall as they walked in, so that he could feel her breasts in his palms. She unhooked her bra for him and took off her shirts, but he never let up. When she reached for his jeans he shook his head no and said, "ladies first." He flattened his tongue and licked the heart on her chest before kissing it and then licking each of her barbells and tugging on them with his teeth. He noticed her chest flushing red and heard her heart pounding harder, so he pulled back to watch her face. His thumb held her lips open so she couldn't keep the sound of her orgasm to herself. She came on his fingers, yelling his name as her eyes rolled back, and nearly collapsed when her knees buckled. They spent the week talking, singing, and fucking, until they knew each other inside and out. Neither of them would call it love, but they both knew it was their destiny. She was his muse and he was her freedom. He traced the words of Jim Morrison up her spine every night and held them in his heart - as did she. Expose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free. THANK YOU FOR READING! I do not see this continuing but I'm not opposed to doing an outtake. So, if there's something you want to see from these two, let me know! Love, J Set list: I Am the Highway by Audioslave www dot youtube dot com/watch?v=cy2ZUGc2mSs Afraid by The Neighbourhood www dot youtube dot com/watch?v=LrWwtU7iyl0 Bring Me To Life by Evanesence www dot youtube dot com/watch?v=twRaNm9Jj3U Ol' 55 written by Tom Waits but as covered by Sarah McLachlan www dot youtube dot com/watch?v=LRLAkIicG8 Shake it Out by Florence and The Machine www dot y out ube dot com/watch?v=WbN0nX61rIs Tighten Up by The Black Keys www dot youtube dot com/watch?v=mpaPBCBjSVc Do I Wanna Know by Arctic Monkeys. This was also inspiration for these two. www dot youtube dot com/watch?v=xWZCk_Bj54s He sang The Band's: It Make's No Difference to her at the end. This song has long been one of my favorites and is the reason I wrote the story. www dot youtube dot com/watch?v=rP7r12Rg490