she runs her fingernails up my thighs and sighs at her ability to make my dick twitch. She knows every spot that drives me wild and is making it her mission to find each one tonight. "I missed touching you. I...I don't think I can stop, doctor." I can hardly breathe, let alone speak, as she licks her way up my neck while stroking me. "As...as part of your treatment I don't think you should." With one arm around my neck, she situates her legs on top of mine, holds me against herself and pushes her chest into my face. This moment is too good. My entire being is overwhelmed with the desire to bury myself in her for days, but at the same time I yearn to bow down and worship her, to show her how much I love her. I realize then, this is what I give her every time we enter our office. Every time I put on a pair of gloves and she calls me doctor. Every time I push for one more orgasm. Every time I deny my own gratification and put her first. She feels this way. I give her that and she's trying to show me. My devotion to her forces me to hold her closer, kiss her harder, to want more - for her. Somewhere along the way she decided she has to give it back to me. To let me experience her high with her, not only as the facilitator but as a participant. I could cry in joy, but settle for telling her between kisses, "I love you. You're perfect. Thank you. You're everything. I'm yours. All yours. Only yours. Yours." I hold her chin in my hand, forcing her to look into my eyes. "And Bella. You Are Mine. All mine. Only mine." I lift her up off the machine and fill her the way only I can. I stand and carry us to the exam table to sit her on the edge, but never stop moving in her. It's impossible. She hooks her feet together above my ass and I relish the feeling of her legs quivering and shaking around me. She holds my jaw as I hold hers, and my shoulders rise in my need to show her how precious she is to me. I long for some way to join us closer, to be part of her. To open her up and show her exactly how devoted I am to her alone. My love is exhausted though, and I have to slow down so she can rest before she blacks out. I lay her back and remove myself and the last of the equipment from her before saving the data and turning off the machines. I carefully wipe any lube off her, remove my gloves, and carry her to the small bed we keep in the office. I undo her hair and lay her head on the pillow. I cover her with a blanket to keep her from getting chilled and kiss her lips as she starts to drift off to sleep. I kiss her lips to keep her awake, and then a slow steady line down her body until I reach where she is still wet and ready for me. I lick the groove of her hip joints and have to hold her legs open as they tremble around me. I kiss her perfect clit with the gentlest of care and let her feel how heavy she makes me breathe. I use only feather light movements of my lips and tongue to make her come again. Taking my time I massage all of her, feeling her skin on my palms again with nothing between us. I kiss every spot my hands touch before entering her again. Giving her all of my body weight that I dare, we grasp onto each other for what feels like hours. I should finish and let her rest, but I can't. After each time I come, I return to massaging and kissing her all over while listening to her exhausted little coos and cries of ecstasy, and then join us again. She asked for this, she asked for everything, and I can't give her any less. We're both in the most perfect place lost somewhere in between sleep and wakefulness. Neither of us has the energy to fully awaken, or the desire for this to end. I lay behind her and slowly rock in and out. "How many times, doctor?" she asks with a raw, sleep-soaked voice. "I don't know." Or even care. "How many times for you?" "I have no idea." How did I not notice? " Finally." "Finally what, Bella?" She rolls over so she can look into my eyes to make sure I'm paying attention and awake. "You get it. It isn't a number - it's a feeling. It's this right here. It's never wanting it to end. This euphoric high I've only ever felt with you." My heart feels like it moved into my throat. I'm so overwrought with emotion I could cry. "I do understand," I say in a strained voice and smile at her. "My only desire is that I had known sooner. Is it always like this for you?" "The insatiableness is always there. No matter how sore, tired, hungry, thirsty, or pained I am, I never want to stop when I'm with you." She rolls on top of me, reaches between us, and we both wince as she moves my cock back inside her. Our lips join in a slow, tender, but still somehow needy kiss. "Can we stay right here, just like this?" I ask, still hard and buried in her. "Mmmm, please," she says. I hold onto her ass and thrust into her a little rougher than I should. She pulls in a breath through her teeth, says, "Please, Doctor Cullen," and moves her hips in a slow tight circle. "That's my good girl." Thank you for reading! Love, J