slide my hand into her pants and find her clit, while I use my chin to push her bra aside so I can suck her nipple into my mouth and bite down. She takes advantage of my position and undoes my fly, wraps her hand around my cock, slowly strokes it up and down, while using her other hand to spread the pre-cum over the tip. Feeling the proof of how much she arouses me pushes her over the edge and she comes. The moan that escapes her is my new favorite sound. "We need to go inside, or at least out of this truck. I'll gladly make you come again on the front lawn if you're into the whole wilderness thing." "Not yet. Sit back first, it's my turn." I sit and she crawls over to me. Keeping her knees on the bench she leans over and sucks me into her mouth with no hesitation. She wraps her one hand around the base, sucks hard, and swirls her tongue every time she reaches the top. Watching her head bob while fingering her sends me over the edge in minutes. She swallows everything I give her but I lift her face to mine and kiss her anyway. Pulling back she says,"Take me inside. I'm not done with you." "Thank fuck." I button my pants, grab her shirt, and jump out of the truck. She jumps down into my waiting arms and wraps her legs around my waist. Thankfully, I live in a ranch off the beaten path so there's no stairs to navigate or neighbors to worry about. . . . BPOV After taking turns in the bathroom we're finally where we want to be. "Take this off. I know I've seen you already, but now I get to touch." I drop my bra on the floor as he takes his shirt off by grabbing the back of it, making his abs flex, and I moan. We stand face to face as we take off the rest of our clothes. There's no need to be shy or drag this out. Our eyelids are lust heavy and hearts are beating like drums. Edward picks me up by the waist, throws me on the bed, and reaches in a drawer next to the bed for a condom. I watch him put in on, without shame or embarrassment, just raw desire. Rough hands grab behind my knees and pull me until my ass reaches the end of the bed. I squeal in surprise and my heart starts beating faster. I should feel embarrassed by how heavy I'm breathing, but seeing that his breaths mirror my own, I'm not. He smirks and drops to his knees. Wasting no time, he licks my clit and rubs my inner thighs to keep them open. The scruff on his face feels so good it nearly hurts, and I chuckle when I realize my pussy is going to be beard burned to match my lips. My laughing must not be funny to Edward. He growls as he inserts two fingers, reaching and massaging, until he find the spot that makes my back arch off the bed. He sucks my clit into his mouth and draws his teeth across it. I use my hands to push his face against me harder and I can feel his lips curve into a smile. My toes point, my body stiffens, and I come, yelling,"fuck yes, right there!" He stands up, wipes his mouth, and holds my legs around his waist. "You ready, Beautiful?" Using my arms I sit myself up and grab his hips. "Oh, I'm ready. Are you?" He leans down to kiss me and I line us up. Pushing forward, he stands up and I lie back. I feel the almost pain of being stretched I've been missing and can't help running my hands across my breasts. Edward goes slow at first, letting me adjust. I push my heels against his ass trying to show him he doesn't have to be careful with me. Immediately, he starts thrusting harder and faster. He lifts my legs one by one, so that my ankles are resting on his shoulders. This gorgeous man is looking down at me like he wants to devour all I am, absorb me until we're no longer two people but one being. I want it. He takes my hand from where I had it on my stomach and places it between my legs. "Please, Bella. Please let me see you come undone." I rub my clit and watch him. He has the perfect view, watching his dick slide in and out of me, my fingers where his mouth just was. I squeeze my eyes shut, and tense again as my orgasm hits me. "That's my girl," he whisper moans, as he speeds up and finds his own release. The bliss of pure pleasure and exhaustion makes me whimper as he pulls out. He kisses my cheek before leaving the room. A warm washcloth is placed in my hand and he turns us in bed to lay together. I clean myself up and hand him the washcloth. He tosses it in the hamper and pulls me into his side. My eyes are closing against my will but my hand is running across his chest and abs. He squeezes me tight and kisses the top of my head. "Sleep my beautiful, Bella. I'm not going anywhere." "That's good," is all I manage to mumble before sleep overtakes me. . . . Text received by Bella the next morning : From Rose: I'm not going into the shop today. I'm oversexed and trying to stay that way. Love ya! Texts received by Edward: From Emmett: Eddie Boy! No work it's raining. Raining pussy! From Jasper : I hung out last night to make sure you had a ride home. I'm guessing she's still next to you. Told you I'd handle it. You're welcome. Thank you for reading! All my Love, J