son didn't deserve to die. And besides, my days of murdering humans were over. I didn't exactly share Carlisle's deep respect for the sanctity of human life, and I certainly didn't share his hope for redemption. But I had no desire to become a murderer again. I was just grateful that we had never been placed in a position where we had to kill someone, in order to protect our secret. Hopefully, that day would never come. No, Dr. Winter and his family were safe, from me at least. It was my family that would have to be inconvenienced. It was par for the course, lately. I ran home, to find everyone out in the yard waiting for me. Carlisle's hopeful expression faded when he saw my face. Well? "It's not good," I reported. Emmett kicked over a nearby tree in frustration, mumbling an apology to everyone. I quickly shared my findings, and everyone agreed that we needed to move on. "I'll call out tomorrow," Carlisle sighed. "I don't think we need to leave tonight, but definitely before the end of the week." Our frequent moves, and the deaths that had necessitated them, were the hardest on him. Emmett was always appropriately sorry for his accidents, but he didn't let them stick to his conscience for long; he just wasn't the type of man who dwelled on that sort of thing. This made him pleasant to be around, and it also made it easier for him to forgive himself. Carlisle was another story, however. He had taken each death very hard, analyzing each incident in excruciating detail until he found some way to blame himself. The housewife weighed especially on his conscience; it was the first time any of us had killed a woman, and Esme had known her well enough to know that she had two small children at home. At least nobody died this time. Am I doing the right thing, letting him go out this early? But if I keep him at home next time, it will only impede his progress, and I don't want him to lose confidence… Esme watched her husband's face, recognizing the familiar sadness. There he goes again. I hate it when he does this to himself. "What about school?" she asked aloud. "Same as before," my father answered wearily. "We'll call everyone out sick the rest of the week, and then we'll call about the move after we've already left." "Well, where are we going next?" Rosalie asked, her calm tone hiding her anger. I know he can't help it. But this is getting ridiculous. Maybe he should just stay home next time. Carlisle thought for a moment. "Edward, didn't you say you wanted to try the Pacific Northwest sometime?" I brightened. Rosalie and I had first had the idea several months ago, think Emmett would like to try grizzly. Carlisle had promised that we would get there eventually, but both times he had gotten jobs in other locations, before he had heard back from the hospitals he had tried father away. "Yes, I'd like that. How about Oregon?" "I was thinking a bit north of that," Carlisle replied. "I once traveled through Washington State, back in the 1890's, and the coastal areas looked very promising. The Olympic Mountain Range is home to a temperate rain forest- plenty of good hunting, and plenty of clouds and rainfall." "Is it heavily populated?" Rosalie asked, shooting a glance at Emmett. "Not at all," he replied. "There were only two towns that I passed-Hoquiam and Aberdeen, and even those had just been newly incorporated. There is a small Indian Reservation, but it's an hour or so northwest of the towns. There are some smaller communities scattered around, but nothing too crowded." "How close is it to the ocean?" Emmett asked. I've always wanted to try hunting underwater. I wonder what whale blood tastes like. Or shark… I just smiled fondly at my brother, shaking my head. Only Emmett. "Only a few miles," Carlisle answered. "Hoquiam is the westernmost town, and it's right on Gray's Harbor." "Is there even a hospital for you to work in?" Esme asked, frowning. "It doesn't sound like there's much there." He needs to work. "Yes, actually. They were just building one in Aberdeen, when I was there. Quite small, but I'm sure they would be eager to welcome a young doctor, fresh out of medical school. If nobody has any objections, I'd like to go ahead and move there; we can work out schools and such after we've arrived." It could take weeks to hear back, even if I mailed my résumé out tomorrow. I'd like to get on the road before we run into any more trouble. "Sounds good to me," I said. Everyone else nodded their agreement, as well. "Which name this time?" Rosalie asked. I wish he would let me use Hale. "I think it'll be safe to be Cullens again," Carlisle said with a smile. "We'll be quite far away, and in a very remote area." It may be silly, but I hate using false names. "So do I," I said. "I thought I would enjoy being Edward Masen again, but it doesn't seem right somehow, not being a Cullen." Carlisle smiled proudly. "It's settled, then. I'll make the necessary phone calls, and we can begin packing today." We all headed into the house, Emmett muttering another apology to everyone as he ducked inside the front door. "It's all right," I told him. "I have a good feeling about this move. And you're going to love the hunting out there." He grinned curiously, his guilt already forgotten. "What do you mean by that?" I shook my head. "You'll see." I headed upstairs to my room, and pulled my suitcases out from under my bed. I hadn't even bothered to put them up in the attic this time. A/N: Please review and let me know what you think so far! I'm also open to ideas, as always.