I press my lips against her shoulder leaving small wet kisses across her skin before sinking my teeth into the side of her neck, being careful not to pump my venom into her; marking her as mine! "Oh fuck baby!" she cries out again and I feel her walls begin to tremble around me once more. I pull my teeth from her neck and begin licking the wound close as my thrust stop but I don't pull out of her just yet. "Are you ok baby; I didn't hurt you did I?" I finally pull out of her and lay her down on my naked chest, stroking her back gently. "No you didn't hurt me. That was amazing Jasper; will it always be that intense?" I chuckle and kiss her cheek. "Once I change you it will be much more intense than that because I won't have to control myself!" I tell her honestly. "Wait, you bit me! Isn't that how you change someone?" The confused and concerned look on her face causes me to laugh and pull her up so our lips are close. "No angel, I bit you, yes, but I didn't release any venom into you." I kiss her softly. "It's called a mating bite; I marked you as mine so everyone knows you belong to me and once you are like me" I kiss her again. "You will do the same, its instinct!" She nods as she straddles my hips and gives me a devious smile as she scrapes her nails down my chest. I hiss at the sensation and my hips buck into her involuntarily. "What are you doing Isabella?" I groan grabbing her hips as I sit up; taking her lips with mine and nibbling playfully on her succulent and swollen bottom lip. "Testing out that vampire stamina" She lifts her hips and grabs my dick before sliding down, engulfing me in her warmth once again. Holy shit, I've created a monster, but I will never complain! After two more rounds Bella finally passed out on my chest leaving me with my thoughts and allowing me to watch her sleep. Jesus Christ I'm already in love with this beautiful goddess! I can't wait until she's like me so I can show her how much stamina I really have. I hear my phone vibrate on the table next to the bed breaking me from my thoughts. I reach over to grab it trying not to wake Bella as I do. "What!" I growl into the phone because I know just who is calling me. "Please tell me you didn't eat Chief Swan's daughter before you left!" Alice's whiny voice rings through the phone loudly. "Now why would I do that Alice?" I play dumb just to see how much she has seen. "So you didn't take her, that's a relief. Now when are you coming home?" What the fuck? Why didn't she see me take Bella? I look at my sleeping girl in my arms. It has to be her because Alice sees just about everything I do! And is this stupid bitch crazier than I originally thought? I told her that I never wanted to see her again. "Jazzy I can't see you anymore; once you left your future went dark. Baby you need to come back!" "Alice I'm only going to say this once so you better fucking listen." I growl lowly so not to wake Bella. "When I left Forks I met my true mate so I won't be coming back and if you know what's good for you, you will never contact me again!" I end the call because Bella is beginning to stir in my arms. "Who was that Jasper?" "That was the dumb bitch that I told you about asking if I ate you before I left Forks and telling me that she can't see my future anymore; the stupid fairy also wanted to know when I was coming back!" I huff out and shake my head as I lean down and kiss her. "It seems that you are blocking her some how baby!" I grin as she shrugs and tries to get up. "And just where do you think you're going?" I pull her back on my chest and nibble her ear. "I didn't tell you that you could get up!" "Oh, I didn't think I needed permission to use the bathroom." she giggles as I growl playfully at her. "Now let me go so I can have a human moment!" She growls right back causing me to laugh and release my hold on her. "When I'm done you can join me in the shower if you want!" She shakes her naked ass as she walks into the bathroom. I decide to call Peter while she is other wise occupied. "Where are you fucker?" he greets me after one ring. "Hello to you too brother" I chuckle as I get up and walk to the bathroom and watch my girl brush her teeth. "And we will be there this afternoon; we stopped so Bella could sleep in a bed." I tell him as I stand behind my mate as she's bent over the sink. I grab her hip with my free hand and pull her bare ass against my erection. "Hold the fuck up. Who is Bella? And why are you with a human?" Peter yells into the phone. "Bella is my mate Peter and we will be there sometime late this evening!" I hang up before he can utter another word and grab my mate throwing her over my shoulder before I start the shower. After I adjust her so her legs are wrapped around my waist and my dick is buried deep inside her; I proceed to fuck the thought right out of both our heads. Twice! -Hello again all you Jasper/Bella lovers. This fic is just a nice smutty story for your reading pleasure; so I really hope you all enjoy! FOLLOW, FAVORITE AND REVIEW