is, but then again I understand her plight. Edward's ass sure looks great in those tight baseball pants. I'm glad that no one else is hanging out here tonight. I need a break from looking at that ass, for sure. After swimming for a few hours and eating supper, I bid everyone a goodnight and slip off to write in my journal. ~BL~ Dear Diary, I'm not sure how to handle the thoughts I keep having of Edward. He is entirely too old for me, but he is so handsome, and he has a killer body. I wish Mom was here so I could talk to her. He's the first guy I've really been interested in. The problem is that he is as old as my dad. I'm sure it's just a passing crush, but when he smiles at me, I melt. I sat next to him earlier today on the plane. He smelled so good...I could smell him all day. Alice was sitting by Jasper; somehow, she had worked it out that way. Dad said I could sit by him, but I told him Edward was okay. I like talking with him. We don't talk about anything important, just music and stuff, but I feel so comfortable with him. I fell asleep for a while on the plane. I sure hope I didn't talk in my sleep, especially with the dream I had. When I woke up, I had a tingling sensation on my lips. I had dreamt that Edward had kissed me. It was so wonderful. I wish it had been real. I really, really like him...I am so screwed. This man is the same age as my own father. ~BL~ The rest of the summer with my father passes quite the same way, and I find myself packing to go home. I am officially crushing hard core on Edward, and we have spent more than a few days together. It seems like when he's not playing ball, he is hanging out at the house. On the road, I find us always hanging out or having meals together, and since Alice always wants to sit beside Jasper, I always seem to sit beside Edward. I get to see Edward in the morning. He is staying here tonight in the guest room. Tomorrow after my flight leaves, the team and my dad have a flight of their own to catch. My flight is an hour before theirs, but they all decided to see me off. Alice is at a classmate's house; she is staying there to go school shopping this weekend. She and I had our good-bye, and we promised to keep in touch. Esme, Edward, and my dad were talking about the upcoming games at the table before I came upstairs. I zip my bag closed; I can put my pajamas in my carry on in the morning. I grab my journal and a pen, and climb in to my bed. ~BL~ Dear Diary, I go home in the morning, and I'm excited to see my mom, but I will miss Edward so much. Yeah, yeah...I'll miss my dad, too. I've had a great summer with him, but the best part of my summer was meeting Edward. I will really miss him. I know he's a grown man, but I have been praying every night that he will wait for me. It will be hard to leave tomorrow, but I miss Mom and Jake, and I can't wait to see them. Laters. ~BL~ The drive to the airport goes by fast. We all check in, make it through security, and then head to my gate to wait. It all worked out, because the team's gate is only two away from mine. Dad and Esme walk over to get some coffee and rolls, and Edward plops down in the seat beside me. "Did you enjoy the summer with your dad?" "Yeah, I had a good time. I'm going to miss watching you guys play." "I'll miss seeing you cheering for me," he chuckles. "I'll have to watch you on TV. Think you'll make the play-offs this year?" "I think we stand a good chance." "Me, too," I say as Esme and my dad comes walking back over. After sitting with everyone for over an hour, my flight is finally boarding. Esme pulls me in for a big hug and kisses me on the cheek. My dad pulls me in and hugs me for a long time, and I know he's gonna miss me because he tells me over and over. As he hangs on to me he tells me how wonderful it was to have me for more than a few days. I feel the same way. Finally, he lets me go and I turn to say goodbye to Edward. It's a bit of a shock when he hugs me. As he pulls back, he moves to kiss my cheek, but I turn my head so his lips brush mine lightly. I didn't think he was going to give me any kind of kiss. The light touch sends a tingle across my skin, and I move to the ticket taker in a slight daze. I turn to wave and they do the same. My dad looks so sad. "Bye; I love you," I say as I turn to go through the door. Edward's words are the last thing I hear before I walk down the walkway to my plane. "See ya soon." A/N: Well there you go... the first chapter into our newest joint effort. No worries folks, nothing serious will take place until Bella is of the age of consent. Do you remember your first kiss? Did it leave that tingling feeling on your lips? I remember my first tingly kiss, and somehow I managed to feel that tingle all day long... *SIGH* Now I wish I could find the person that makes me tingle when I kiss them... *BIGGER SIGH*. Excited to hear your thoughts; Kasi (&Jess)