we are all clear…" She turns back to me with a very beautiful smile as she begins to caress my skin once more. "I let you guys take me. M'kay? Otherwise, you would have never been able to touch me." "Um, how?" Is the only thing that I can think to ask, well, moan is more like it because the feel of her hand on my skin is like fire. Isabella bites her bottom lip then winks at me. "I have always been a mental shield…I think. But after I was exposed to vampire venom, I think I was enhanced so to speak. It turned this awesome little human that you're holding into a telekinetic freak." This is the first time that her voice has sounded angry. I wonder why that is? Does she hate what she is and what she can do? Hell, she's more powerful than a freaking vampire. So whats the damn problem? "Is all that you've become a bad thing?" Alec asks her, reading my damn mind like that pussy little shit, Edward Cullen… Wait! Edward…Mind reader…That is the fucker that did all this to my Isabella, and oh fuck me running; Aro is gonna be one happy son of a bitch… My Isabella? What the hell is going on with me? This crazy beautiful woman has me all kinds of messed up. "It kept me alive all these years." Bella growls angrily then giggles like a…well, like a crazy person, breaking me from my thoughts and pleasure as she continues to rub my neck like one would caress a lover. "God that feel so good." I lean down and whisper in her ear. What the hell is this crazy beautiful woman doing to me? Shit if I care though, because I am in fucking heaven… "When we get back, I'm so begging Aro to turn her. I really think I could be friends with this woman." Everyone including Alec gives Jane a what the fuck look. "What? The girl made Demetri jump in surprise. She then made Alec crash into a tree. Oh and lets not forget the whole shield thing and the way she is make you purr like a damn cat, Demetri. Who the hell wouldn't want to have that flavor of crazy around all the time? Hell, just imagine what crazy shit she can do to Caius. I think she'll even make Marcus laugh. And come to think of it; What has Aro been looking for, for centuries?" Jane gives me a knowing look. Well, for once I will agree with the devil child. "He has wanted someone like Isabella for a very long time now..." "Well the fucker can't have me…" Isabella grips the hair at the nap of my neck, causing me to groan and slide my hand up to grip her ass. "Damn I'm really liking your hands on me, and your hair and skin is so soft." I smile down at her as I squeeze her tight little ass hard then take off running again, putting a little distance between my team and I, so Isabella and I can have just a little privacy. "Aro doesn't want you like that darling. He wants you as a guard member, like us." I tell her quietly as I rub my hand against her ass then squeeze just a little harder. "You're the ultimate weapon." "Oh, okay. As long as I can eventually hunt down the assholes that took my life away from me, then I'm game." Bella giggles as she squirms a little in my arms, then slide her finger across my lips. "You have really kissable lips, Demetri. So soft and just, yummy." I smile at her and growl a low growl as she tugs a little on my bottom lip. She smiles and bites her bottom lip as I take her finger into my mouth. Oh god she taste amazing. "So this Aro want's me for the guard but what do you want, Demetri?" "I want a lot of things, Isabella." Damn, I want to bite her so bad right now. Holy hell, what is wrong with me? I can honestly say that I have never wanted someone as much as I want Isabella Swan. "But at the moment I want you to continue touching me." I admit to her with a smile. "So you like my hands on you?" Bella leans up and drags her tongue up the side of my neck to my ear then nibbles on my earlobe. "Mmmm, how do you feel about my mouth on you?" My head lulls back slightly as I groan in pleasure. "Fuck baby, I love it." I'm gonna kill this crazy ass woman. I'm going to turn her, no matter what Aro says. I will be the one to bite her. Hold the fuck up… Come to think of it, when the thought of someone hurting her -including myself- crosses my mind, I feel like I want to kill…OH shit! I'm mated to a human…And the beautiful woman is bat shit crazy. But please, ask me if I care. I finally found my mate, and oh god in heaven; she sexy beyond belief. I don't give a fuck that she is completely and utterly certifiable, because she's insanely fucking beautiful. It all could be worse though. I could be Felix and have the spawn of Satan as a mate. Nope, I am extremely happy to be this sinful woman's mate. Fuck, I'm gonna bite the shit out of her very fucking soon. Bella buries her face in the crook of my neck. "Good, because I love the way you taste and plan to taste every inch of your sexy body; whether you like it or not." Oh baby doll, you'll never hear me complaining about that…ever! Goddamn, I can tell that my life is about to get so sinfully crazy. But fuck me, I'm so looking forward to it all. ...Stay tuned I hope you like this story