steal a quick kiss before walking off in the direction of a small patched together bike. Edward sneered at his ride as Jake pulled away and muttered something about rats under his breath. I ignored him and walked into the school only to find some of the Cullen's waiting for us. Most notably Jasper, I wondered how long he had been standing there and if he had heard any of my conversation with Monticello. As if he knew what I was thinking about, he turned towards me and smiled. I grinned back at him nervously and I felt the nervousness dissipate, I narrowed my eyes at him and it stopped. Edward walked in and wrapped his arm around my waist. "So why does Jake get to wish you a happy birthday and give you a present, when I am forbidden from doing so?" said Edward I chuckled because he sounded so petulant that it was funny. "I hardly ever see Jake anymore and he knows how I feel about parties, besides I feel weird accepting gifts from you, when I can't give you anything back" I said he snorted "you know he spent a week searching for the perfect dreamcatcher for you" said Edward He said it with a sneer so I elbowed him, the jealousy I could do without. "If you don't like this thoughts stop reading them" I said Edward frowned at me. "I wish I could" said Edward I shook my head and walked through the door and into the next building. "I need to teach you how to shield" I muttered I would never get used to schools with more than one story I was seriously missing phoenix and its spread out campus. Edward gave me a puzzled look in response. "Look I don't need any gifts, I have all I ever wanted right here" I said Okay so I was laying it on a bit thick but a glamour would allow you to say the stupidest most outlandish drivel and the other party would believe it. I know it was a human custom to give gifts on this day but I was raised that you gave gifts in return as well. I still felt odd going over to the Cullen's without bringing a guest gift. It just wasn't the way I was taught. "Bella, you give me everything just by breathing but I still want to celebrate just what you mean to me" said Edward He put his arm around my shoulders and tried to hug me. I rolled my eyes in response. He nodded at jasper and I got the impression they were having a silent conversation. I sighed elbowed Edward slightly to get free of his arm and walked into the building ahead of them both. Jasper smirked at my retreating back. "See you tonight Bella" said Jasper Then he headed in the direction of his first class while I glared at his retreating back. Edward chuckled and ushered me toward my first class and left me at the door. I walked calmly to my seat and sat down. Lauren stared at me the whole time I was walking to my seat until Angela gave her an answering glare and she backed off. "Hey how's it going?" said Angela I truthfully hadn't seen Angela as much as I wanted to lately, between my vampire family and Monticello's side of the family, I got precious few moments to myself or ones I could spend with the humans in my life. It irritated me because I truthfully enjoyed her company. The door opened again and in walked Emmett. Since what happened last year Edward had insisted that our schedules be arranged so that I had a Cullen in each class. It was irritating but at least Emmett was fun to be around. He sat down right in front of me and grinned "Hey bells happy..."said Emmett "Don't say it" I said Interrupting what he was going to say. He gave me that goofy lopsided grin of his. "Why not?" said Emmett I groaned because now Jessica was paying attention to the conversation. "Later" I hissed Just as the teacher walked in. I ignored him for the rest of the class because I was genuinely trying to focus on my school work, because my grades had been suffering due to my inattention. I started shoving my notes back in my bag right before the bell rang. Angela looked like she wanted to walk with me, but Emmett clearly made her nervous and she scurried away at his approach. Jessica walked out the door and I turned to find a grinning Emmett right next to me. "So?"he said "They were all horrible now stop asking" I responded Before heading for the door. The next class had Rose in it so I was pretty much assured of some peace, since the woman still seemed to hate me for some reason. She also seemed to be the only one not affected by my glamor, which I was certain had a lot to do with that hate. Even after consulting with Monticello and My grandmother Anais, I still had no way to break that spell over them, unless I wanted to leave the west coast altogether. Something I truly did not want to do. I sat down and pulled out my economics book and re read the last chapter we covered, just in case Mr. Graham gave a pop quiz. Rose true to form ignored my presence for the entire class which was a welcome relief, to what felt like a cross between stalking and hovering, that all of the others were doing now. The bell rang and I shoved my things into my bag next was English class which I was dreading. Not because we were going over sentence structure but rather because we were supposed to watch Romeo and Juliet. I truthfully never cared for the story and I did not want it giving Edward any stupid ideas.