you want to say." This was the moment I had been dreading and waiting for at the same time. Everything I wanted to say would be out now. And so after minutes of silence I explained. "I'm not sure you want me anymore," I said, causing her to gasp. "You've betrayed me multiple times, and I get that… I get that I left you and he put you back together. I hate it, but I've accepted it." She sat still and silent. "But it angers me. It angers me how you can allow him to call me and my family every name in the book and laugh and shrug it off. But when I call him a dog, you physically flinch. He can do anything wrong, and you still go back to him minutes later." "I can't tell him what to do, Edward. I can't control him." "But you can stop encouraging him! Every single time you go back to him without giving him any consequences, every time you brush what he does under the rug, you encourage him! You make him think that he'll get you one day… you make me think he'll get you." "You think I'd just drop you and run into his arms?" she asked shocked. "Bella, I don't know anymore! You never make time for me, you never consider my feelings! It's always about protecting him!" Deep breath. "You need to choose," I whispered. Her back straightened, and I saw the anger in her eyes. "Oh no. You don't get to make me do that, Edward. You left me! You left me and he was the one to help me heal! You can't make me choose." I sighed and got up pacing. Trying to find the words, to make her understand my side of this. She got up as well, standing with her hands across her chest. "I took me everything, to get you to say yes. To get you to say yes marrying me. And then the very next day you walk all over it and me and kiss him. You neglected me, promised me things, only to cancel at the snap of Jacob's fingers." I raked my fingers through my hair, "It makes me wonder if you really want to marry me, or if you just like the idea of becoming a vampire." "Me and Jacob are friends, Edward! That's all we'll ever be!" she shouted. "You don't act like it! You kissed him for Christ's sake! You spend all your time with him, and pushed me to the side," I said fiercely. "You don't know what you're talking about, Edward! You've been alone for one-hundred years!" I couldn't say anything. It was an insult. I didn't even know what to say. I didn't know what to do to make her see that she hurt me. "So you wouldn't mind if I had a girl… a friend , just like Jacob?" And she took a second. No, she took more than a second and once she thought about what they had, she couldn't say a thing. "Huh? Would you? Would you be okay, if I got a friend to make up for the time you don't give me? Would you be okay with watching me laugh with her and hug and nearly kiss?" I waited for an answer. I came here for answers. "No," she whispered. "He's been such a good friend to me, Edward." I put my head down when I realized that I wasn't getting through to her. "Then go with him. Go be with him and be happy, Bella." Panic crossed her face, and she looked at me with fear in her eyes, and I could see her twitching to walk to me. "You never think about my feelings anymore, anyway." I watched as each tear streaked down her face, and saw the shame and regret on her face. She sucked in a deep breath and waited for her sobs to subside. "I don't, and I will never love anyone like I love you, Edward. And I'm so so sorry that I made you doubt that…" Stepped towards me, making us only inches away. "You are everything to me. And I'm sorry. I'm so sorry." With my car parked in front of her drive way, I secretly wished she could stay. That everything could disappear and we could be in her bed cuddling right now. I wanted so desperately to be with her in every way. And my chest ached with the possibility that she could choose him. She didn't get out right away. She sat for a while in silence, and turned to face me, grabbing my hand after some time. "I just need you to know that I love you more than you could ever understand. And that… this is the easiest decision I've been forced to make." Did she already make her mind up? My breathing hitched thinking about it. "It will always be you, Edward. I love you, more than anything and I'm so sorry for everything." I looked at her, in her eyes, searching for the truth and I found it. My anger dissipated instantly the second I saw her heartbroken face. I wanted to grab her and kiss it and tell her it was all alright. I wanted to thank her for choosing me. She beat me to it when she leaned over the console and wrapped her hand around my neck, pulling me to her. Our foreheads pressed against each other and after a moment, our lips finally met in a kiss. "I love her," she whispered, and I said the same thing right after. After another kiss on my lips, cheek, temple, and forehead, she finally got out. She choose; because I made her. And she choose me. She choose our love over a friendship. Telling her everything felt like a weight was off my shoulder. I sighed in relief and emotional exhaustion. She chose me because I made her. How selfish?