clothes." I gave a snort. "Tanya doesn't think so." I told her. "Oh please. Screw Tanya Denali. 80% of her isn't even really her. At least you have natural beauty." She picked at her salad. "You know he likes you." She said. Now it was my turn to laugh. "No." I simply said. She looked at me. "No you don't know…" "No he doesn't." I interrupted her. I had to say, I was impressed she went to the whole reverse phycology thing. Impressive, yet complete translucent. It might have worked with someone else, I knew her better that. I'm sure she was just saying that as her way to give me a push. "He would have to notice me before he does something like that." "Who said he doesn't?" she asked. I gave her a knowing look. "Rosalie, allow me to ask you something: if he likes me so much, why hasn't he talk to me beside when I'm being a klutz?" she was about to say something, but stopped. "I'll tell you why, because as deep as I believe your brother is, he's still a guy and guys at this school don't notice girls who aren't giggling like they're high, flipping their hair like something's wrong with their neck and wearing something so tight, it might as well be body paint." I mumbled angrily. Rosa laughed at me. I guess she heard my tone to voice. "Is that bitterness I hear in your voice, Izzie?" she teased. It was a rare occasion where I get upset like that and she knew that. "What is that about?" she asked. I sighed and stared at the field in front of us. "Yesterday when I was walking to my class, I saw Jasper flirting with Jessica." I told her. She rolled her eyes. "That slut. She was probably flirting with him." "He sure didn't like he minded." I mumbled. "I don't know what he would see in her. She such a…bimbo." I said, because I couldn't think of a word to describe her better. Rosalie laughed out loud. She also knows that I wouldn't say something like that nor would I ever talk about someone. But I couldn't help it; I feel like letting it when it out comes to Jasper. "I really like when you're upset like that. When you let your feelings out, you sound like a teenager and not someone writing a novel for college reading level." I smiled before giving her a shove. "Shut up." I teased. "But I wouldn't disagree with you. Not at all. The girl thinks she will be important by sleeping with the entire team and she doesn't even do it with the first sting players. It's nasty." She said in disgust as she shook her head. "Don't worry about Jasper. He knows how she is and was probably giving her the time of day to be nice." I smiled. I had a feeling he wouldn't do something a low as hooking up with her. He's not someone like Edward who loves female attention; at least he doesn't show it. Rosalie saying that made me feel better. "That's good, but where exactly does that leave me?" I asked. Rosalie sighed. "Bella, if you honestly don't like the way you look because you think Jasper is that shallow where he cares about something like that, change yourself." She said as if was so simple. Gee, wish I would have thought of something like that. I gave a snort. "I don't even know where to start." I told her, looking away again. "Let me help. I can sleepover tonight and do your hair in the morning before school." I shook my head. "No thanks." I answered. "You don't want to change." She stated. I gave a deep exhale. "I do. It's just that I think I need something deeper than a surface change. I need a personality change as well. Because your outgoing personally is something you have been born with, if you tried to help with that, it would be like someone who was born skinny teaching someone how to lose weight. It doesn't work as well as you like to believe it should." "Well, how the hell do you think you're going to get that 'deeper change'?" she asked. "I don't have any idea." I sighed. "Is it so hard to be admired more for my thoughts than for my appearance?" I asked, more thinking out loud than actually asking her. "Sadly Izzie, it is. As bad as it sounds, teens are hellva shallow." She said like she was disappointed in our generation. I would be lying if I said I didn't agree with the sound of it. "But look on the bright side…" she rested her head on my shoulder. "You'll always have me, no matter how hard to try to get rid of me." she teased. I giggled. "Now who's being down on herself?" I teased back before rested my head on hers. "Thanks Rosie." I said. I don't know if she knows how much I really appreciate her friendship. I heard the sound of a distant bell. "We should go before we're late." I told her. She nodded in agreement before we grabbed our bags and made our way back to the building. hey there, welcome the bottom of the page. the chp will probably be up this time tomorrow or this time friday. i gotta see how it does first. oh...i just remembered the AP/AM outtakes. they will be there. i have to get in the mood to write those because as you know (and if you, you about to find out) i lost my chps so i have get in the rewrite it. that is also the reason this story is happening now instead the one with Bella and Jasper. i have to get the nerve to rewrite that because of the "graphic" scenes i wanted in there...so...yeah. dont much else to say so... like always Luv & Rockets!