I don't want to have to explain the fast healing when he shoots me, which he totally will if he finds us like this." "Shower?" I ask. "Yes, please. Will you wash my hair again? That felt really good that night," he asks, looking a little sheepish. I kiss him. "Of course I will! Wanna wash mine, too? You have experience with long hair, so I think you can be trusted," I tease. He lightly swats my backside. "None of your sass! Let's go!" "Actually, Embry, that's my ass, not my sass!" I tease, and he snorts with laughter as he lifts me up. Embry I throw her over my shoulder to head to the shower. "Wait!" she protests. "What?" "I need to open the window a little and light a candle. My room… uh…" "Smells like sex?" I prompt. She blushes for the first time tonight. "Ha. Yes." "My wolf loves it, and to me it really does. I didn't realize humans could smell that, too." I put her down. How creepy would it be if I asked to borrow her blanket? It smells the best! I smell the sharp scent of the lit match and turn towards her. "Sorry! I know you're sensitive to perfumes, but Charlie is too damn clever for my own good. Help me smooth out the bed?" "That candle isn't terrible. It smells clean," I say, surprised. "You can thank the hippies of Berkeley. It's a soy candle with essential oils or something. They said it was good for people with allergies. I know you don't have an allergy, but.." "You thought of me when you were buying a candle for your room?" I say. "I always think about you, Embry," she says. And it's so matter-of-fact. So simple. My heart clenches. Bella We're all fresh and clean and sitting on the couch with my laptop researching colleges when Charlie stomps up the steps. "Hey, Dad!" I call when he opens the door, also loudly. He's so funny. He takes in the view of us sitting there and drops the suspicious face. "Hey, kids. How was the party?" "It was great! The puppies all loved their presents!" "Except now all of them expect you to come play their new games with them," Embry chuckles. "Charlie, I don't know if you can appreciate just how truly awful your daughter is at video games." "Hey!" I protest. "It's okay, Bella, you have other talents," Embry winks. Charlie clears his throat. Embry realizes what it sounds like he meant. "Like cooking, and being the smartest person I know, and having an entire generation of Native guys who are waiting to rip my head off if I'm ever mean to you." I laugh. "That last part is my favorite," I wink. "What are you looking up there, Bells?" Charlie asks, trying to change the subject. Though he seems mildly cheered at the thought of Embry being kept in line by everyone. "College research for Embry." Embry looks at me in question, "It's okay, Dad knows all about me transferring closer to home. He knows how homesick I've been for my friends and family. And for my Daddy," I add, popping up to place a smacking kiss on cheek. We're not a demonstrative people, but I know how much Charlie appreciates these moments of affection, both verbal and physical. Charlie hugs me, and clears his throat, "It's a damn fine Christmas present, baby girl." "Honestly, the only ones complaining are Alex and Victor. But they're ahead of me in school, anyway. And it's not like we're going to lose touch. They're family now." "Dad, I'm going to let Embry drive my truck home tonight. My present from Jake was a tune-up for the beautiful beast. I figured I could drive with you out to Sue's tomorrow night for Christmas Eve, if that's ok." "That'll be fine, Bells. I'm going to head up to bed. Don't stay up too late, kids. Embry, tired driving is just as dangerous and drunk driving," Charlie says pointedly. "Sure thing, Chief!" Embry says. "Subtle, Dad," I mumble. "Night!" Charlie says cheerfully as he heads up the stairs. Embry I'm sure I'd be wary around guys if I had a pretty daughter. I can't believe Charlie is as chill as he is given the fact that his daughter dated a vamp first. Not that he knew. But still. She was broken. So I get why I'm the enemy. "I guess I should go," I say, just as Bella leaps on to my lap, straddling me and start kissing. "What..?" She holds a finger to her lips and then points up the stairs. "I just want to say a proper goodbye," she whispers, "Since we can't sleep together. Which by the way, is a thing we need to fix as soon as possible. Now, shhh!" And she spends the next 5 minutes in the most delicious torture ever. Apparently, I like to make noise. But I'm not allowed to. She kisses and licks and presses up against me and then all of a sudden will pop away and say in a voice clearly meant for her Dad to hear, "Oh, look! You might be eligible for this scholarship! You should totally apply!" And then her mouth is back on mine. Bella I love the feel of Embry's warm hands. Everywhere he holds me tingles with warmth. Okay. I need to be responsible here. "I guess you should go home," I sigh. "I wish, oh wish, oh wish, oh wish you could stay!" We stand and I get him my keys. I'm about to get my coat, but he stops me. "I know you don't like the cold, Bella. Don't come out." "It's time for me to make new memories in the cold, Embry. And I can't think of anyone better to make them with. He helps me slip my coat on, and takes my hand in his as we walk outside into the cold, dark, night.