anyone then. "Anyway," I continued, "it was actually my hemophilia that got me interested in medicine. I'm thinking about going into research. Maybe I'll be the one to cure hemophilia someday." This was, by far, the funniest part of my cover story: a vampire, aiming for a career in hematology. Carlisle had cautioned me not to share this "dream" with my professors, lest one of them kindly get me an internship in a hematology lab. But I would enjoy my little joke for now. "I want to be the doctor for the Cardinals," said Nick, who was from Chicago. "I want to go into Orthopedics, too," said William. "I was in the Naval Reserve during the War, and I saw too many of my buddies come back with missing parts. Made me want to learn how to save some legs, if I can." Nick snorted. "Well, for the next four months, you'll be cutting parts off , you know?" William rolled his eyes. "Funny. What about you, Cullen? Were you over there?" Nick shoved him. "Dope. He's a bleeder, remember? They'd never let him in the military." William blushed over to me apologetically. "Oh… right. Sorry. That must have been awful, not being able to go." Poor guy. I'll bet every one of his friends went. I almost mouthed off about being too young at the time, but decided against it. For some reason, I seemed to actually be making a good impression, and pointing out my "kid genius" status probably wasn't the way to go. So for once, I went with the truth. "You have no idea," I sighed. "I wanted more than anything to be a soldier, and to serve my country. I dreamed about nothing else, during the War." William nodded in approval and I hid my smile, thinking that reminiscing about one World War was as good as another. I was about to ask Nick if he had enlisted, as well, when the professor finally walked in. "Good morning," he said briskly, opening his notes as soon as he touched the podium. "Before we begin, I'd like to give you all the standard welcome that all med students receive. I want you to look to the person at your left, and then the one at your right. Memorize those faces." Nick, William and I looked at each other dutifully. The professor's face was grave. "By the time you lot reach your certificate, one of those faces will be gone. You all chose a lofty goal, coming here, and some of you aren't going to make it. Having said that, I applaud your choice. Some of you are older than others, and some are younger. Some of you are already husbands, fathers. And many of you have already risked your lives to serve our country. But all of you have embarked on a journey that, if you can make it, will be the most rewarding path you could have walked: you'll be saving lives. Let's begin." As we opened our textbooks, Nick, William, and I glanced at each other again, silently wishing each other luck. William and Nick were secretly hoping that our little group of three would beat the odds; they were both already worried about me, thinking I was delicate and sickly. I certainly looked the part, what with my pallor and half-thirsty eyes. I was just hoping I wouldn't accidentally kill either of them this afternoon, when the professor armed us with our scalpels. . . . As I drove home that evening, stinking of cadaver, the professor's words were still echoing in my mind. You have embarked on a journey that, if you can make it, will be the most rewarding path you could have walked: you'll be saving lives. A lofty goal, to be sure. Would I be able to reach it? Would I be able, after my two years, to begin caring for real patients? Would I be ever be able to work as a real physician, with my youthful appearance? Would my control prove to be enough, when the time came to risk my patient's lives with my presence? I had worked so hard to get to this point that I actually hadn't given much thought to the final goal the professor had mentioned. Saving human lives, indeed. I had certainly taken enough human lives. I winced as the familiar faces flashed before my eyes, their transparent looks of accusation dotting the windshield. But for once, instead of drowning myself in guilt and memory, I mentally waved my tormentors away and smiled in defiance. If I really could make it to the "saving lives" part, as the professor had said, my journey would hold a lot more meaning than he suspected: I could finally begin to atone for my sins, one life at a time. Debt repaid. I caught Carlisle wondering sometimes if I had forgiven myself yet. He was afraid to ask, and to be honest, I would have been afraid to answer; most likely, my answer would be no. But as I pulled up to the house and saw Esme running out to greet her med student proudly, my defiant smile turned into one of hope. No one could know the future. But if the future I had begun today was achieved, it was possible that atonement could become more than a topic for debate; it could become a reality. Just as a note of interest, William Cummings really was a DMS semi-M.D. grad in 1950, and his War story is true. (except that he became an anesthesiologist in the end. And by the way, his wife's name was Alice :) Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the prologue. The next chapter will bring us to the early spring of 1950, in which much of the story will take place. Please take a moment to review and let me know what you think. It's you readers, with your reviews, ideas, conversations and encouragement, who make this project so fun!