should have made you stayed. I should of ran after you. I should have done something. Anything! Now I will never have that chance. I will never be able to feel the love you were so willing to shower me with. I will never know what it is like to have someone so willing to sacrifice everything for me. I came back because Jacob insisted but truth be told I came back to check up on you. The moment I laid eyes upon you, I was a goner. I wanted to run to you. I wanted to hold you. I wanted to tell you that I did love you and I did want you. All those years away were hard. Not a day past that you were not on my mind. I thought of you often and wondered how you were. I fought against running back home to you. I fought against the fate. I was wrong. And I am sorry. I only hope you let me love you in the afterlife. "He's ready to go. You need to say your good-byes now." The doctor informed the crowd waiting in the living room. The sudden sound of the doctor's voice had some softly yelping in surprise. They had been there for hours waiting for the news. Jacob looked around at everyone and gave a nod. The women would be first to enter the room followed by the pack. Quiet sobbing could be heard as they all prepared to say their good-byes. He had come home for a visit but now he was here to stay for the rest of eternity. He would be placed next to his heart and soul. Quite ironic since he had been running away from him. Now there would be no running, no denying. Paul and Brady would be together again in the afterlife. The night Brady left his hotel, he went in search of his dealer. The pain coursing through his body was too much for him to take. The rejection causing old pain to surface. He wasn't thinking. He was on autopilot trying to stop his mind from thinking. He was already drunk and high but it wasn't enough. He needed more to stop the pain. They found him two days later, down a dirty ally way. Alone with a needle sticking out of his arm. He had taken too much. It was too much for his heart to take. The pain, the drugs, the rejection all did him in. In the end, no one was there for him as he took his last breath. There was only one thought he had when he finally took his last breath…Paul. Even in the end, he thought of his imprint. Even up until the end, he hoped against hope about being with him but it was not to be. The moment Brady left, Paul became depressed. He didn't know what to do. He had fought so hard to keep away, to give Brady a chance to live only to come home and find out he had become an addict because of Paul. His heart broke and pain radiated throughout his body. But there was one pain that he could not get rid of. It was the moment Brady left this world. Paul felt it. He cried out and fell to the floor. Something terrible was wrong but he was unable to go to him. He stayed curled up on the floor, unable to do anything. The pack found him that way, two days later. He had not moved for two days. The stench of urine, feces, salt, and pain filled the hotel room. It was overwhelming to the pack's sensitive noses but they push through it. Paul was unconscious and his heart beat was slow. If it wasn't for sensitive wolf hearing, the pack would have thought him dead. They raced him to the leech doctor. Physically, there was absolutely nothing wrong with him. He was healthy in every way but spiritually he was dying. His heart had died and now it was his turn. The bond of the imprint, although rejected in words, was still there. What no one knew was that Paul had come to accept Brady as his mate and he was willing to give him a chance until he saw the state he was in. Once he saw Brady had become addicted to drugs and alcohol, he blamed himself and so he was unable to form the words to accept him. He believed this time Brady would reject him and so he never had a chance to tell him. He let him walk away not knowing Paul was about to give him a chance. Jacob was the last to enter the room. There on a hospital bed, laid his once strong fighter. The man he had so many arguments with, so many fights with. Now as he approached, tears fell from his eyes because this person lying on the bed before him was nothing but a shell of a man who used to be. Skin and bones. Dry lips, hallow cheeks, dead eyes, ashen skin. Paul was on his last breaths of his life but he hung on so that the others could have closure. The closure he never granted Brady. His breath was swallow and Jacob knew he only had seconds to live. With a heavy heart he took Paul's hand and leaned into his ear and whispered, "Go to him Paul. He's waiting for you. You were a good friend. Go and rest in peace with him." Those were his finally words to the once volatile wolf of the pack. After saying his peace, a small smile appeared on Paul's lips before taking his last breath and joining his heart in the spirit world. Jacob smiled at the sight before lying Paul's hand down and walking away. The pair will now be forever together. The imprint making sure one did not live without the other. Brady finally had his imprint.