man. He is always very happy go lucky type and he is never without a huge smile. It's really hard to piss Emmett off but when he does get mad at someone; my advice to that person is to fucking run. Run as fast and as far as they can because that can be a beast if provoked. Rose is a very lucky girl because Emmett loves her fiercely. Everywhere Emmett goes, he has women drooling on them selves and staring at him like crazy, but Emmett only has eyes for Rose and she knows this so she when women look at him she doesn't get jealous. Hell, everyone that knows them, knows that Rose will kill any woman that tries to take him from her. She can be one scary bitch when she needs to be. Those two are utterly perfect for one another. Emmett hasn't released me from our hug yet and I begin to feel white hot rage building all around me but it's not coming from me. This feeling is all consuming and causing my anxiety to build. I can't explain it, except that it's so strong and it's not coming from me. I abruptly push Emmett away from me but the action is involuntarily. It was like I wasn't in control of my own actions and I really didn't want to shove him as hard as I obviously did. I hear a couple of strange growls somewhere in the forest next to the parking lot. I look over and I could have sworn I saw movement. I shake my head and turn back to Emmett just as he speaks "What the hell's Bells!" He laughs from his position on the ground. His eyes wide with something that looks like a mixture of shock, awe, and a lot of amusement. He shakes his head a couple of times then runs his fingers through his short black curly hair before taking my offered hand! "Oh my god" I help him up up as I'm still in shock that I could do that to my bear of a brother. "I'm so sorry Emmett." I whisper yell as I hug him to me once more. "Seriously brother, I'm so sorry. I guess I don't know my own strength." I chuckle as I dust his back off while we both laugh. "It's alright little sis." Emmett bumps me with his hip as he walks me to my truck. "Hey seriously Bells I'm fine so don't worry about it. Your my sister from another mister and siblings are supposed to fight. Let just not fist fight because you could seriously do some damage to my pretty face, and my Rosie likes my beautiful face like it is." He leans down and kisses my cheek after opening my truck door. "Rose and I are coming over after her last class and I'm bring the beer and pizza this time." He informs me causing me to do a little happy dance and laugh with a nod as I climb into my truck. "I'm so happy I don't have to cook tonight." We both laugh at me as I cut my truck on and put it in reverse."See you tonight brother!" I yell out of my open window when I pass by him as he runs off to his last class of the day. After the slightly long drive to my little secluded and cozy house that my dad bought me. It's way out in the middle of the woods and that is why I wanted this place. My dad didn't like the idea of me living all the way out here so he bought me four pistols and two shotguns. My dad is weirder than I am and love him so much more for that. I make my way upstairs to my room to take a long relaxing bath to soothe my tired muscles. When I'm done, I brushed my teeth and braid my long hair before tossing my tired body on the couch to wait for Rose and Emmett to get here with our dinner. As I lay there I begin to feel as if I'm being watched and it causes me to get up and look out of my window while my thoughts are consumed of the dream that I have been having about the two god like men that I love and want so damn much. I begin to get that feeling of so much love, lust and want. It's so damn consuming and making me very content and absolutely happy, not to mention horny as fuck. I slide my hand down my body and into my shorts right there in front of my open window and pleasure myself as I enjoy to evening breeze while making myself cum hard with only to two sexy men of my dreams on my mind. "Fuck." I moan loudly as cum hard. My eyes snap open when I hear weird growls in the woods. They sound just like the ones that I heard at school earlier. I look around for a few more seconds before laying back down on my couch. My thoughts on those two men that I wish were real. What I would give for the gorgeous men to be real and all mine. Wishful thinking is a bitch sometimes. Well, it's a fucking bitch all the time when it comes to the only two men that I will ever want. Stay tuned... I really hope you all like this story. Kmuscutt23 has helped me with a lot of this story before I changed it and she is a very wonderful writer that you all should check out if you haven't already. She is an even better friend...She is and will always be my sister from another mister. Love you lots girlie. I have a lot more chapters already written but I'm changing things as I go through each chapter, so please be patent with me. And... ~FOLLOW, FAVORITE, AND REVIEW~