kind of hopeless, any ideas?" She laughs kind of breathy-like, in a way that makes it hard to hear anything else. Her nametag says Arielle. It's kind of ironic actually, having met her while looking at mermaid statues and it makes my cheeks heat up. "I know what you mean, boys are absolutely clueless." Her hand goes up to twirl at a piece of her hair, blue eyes fluttering and it's so enchanting . A princess name for a princess. "I can't tell you enough how many hints I have to drop for my boyfriend before he gets the right idea." Oh . She shakes her head, a bounce in her step when she walks over to Jacob, a cheery, customer-friendly smile painted on her face. It's hard not to feel disappointed. Jacob smiles at her before glancing over at me quick enough for us to exchange a look. "Hey, Nessie, do you think you could call Leah? You know, just in case I can't find anything." Sometimes I feel that Jacob reads my mind better than my dad does. "Sure thing, Jake," I salute; sparing Arielle another look and a polite smile before high-tailing it out of there. Leah picks up on the second ring. "To whom do I owe the pleasure, Renesmee ?" I scoff, looking skywards. "Just the obvious," I answer back, having trouble keeping my smile at bay. Judging from Leah's famous snort laugh she wasn't fairing much better at keeping up a hostile pretense. "As flattering as that is, I'm not into spoiled 16 year old teenage girls." "I am 17 . I'm nearly an adult." "Nearly," she agrees offhandedly while I try not to let my eyes linger on the girl with blue hair in the Starbucks line. "Look," she huffs and I hear rustling over the line, "I know this isn't about my birthday; you're not stupid, and my tastes are predictable, so what's bothering you, kid?" I plop down on an empty wooden bench outside a bakery, chewing at my thumbnail. Leah and I have gone a long way and haven't always seen eye to eye. In fact, she hardly bothered with me for the first 5 years I've known her. It wasn't a secret that Leah Clearwater found the vampire/human hybrid unsettling. There was also no secret that it took Leah and my mother a long time to see eye to eye. I never really had anything against Leah, as far as I knew she was Jacob's second in command and really funny. Not that she ever tried to be funny; everything she said was more of an underhanded, witty insult if anything. She always did look kind of surprised when I laughed. But now that I think about it, I think I probably had a crush on Leah. I always did have a weird obsession about wanting to see her smile. "Do you think I'm creepy?" The words tumble out of my mouth with little to no brain filter. "Since the day you were born." "Ugh, no, that didn't come out right. What I meant was…do you think…that I'm creepy ?" I stress, trying to grasp at the right words. "In my relationships, you know. With the…" I trail off; Leah clicks her tongue softly over the phone. "There's nothing wrong with seeking out love and commitment, Nessie. That's all I ever really thought about when I was with Sam. Hell, sometimes I even think about it with Jacob. It's a natural cliché, it's expected of us." "Yeah but, you've…it was only one person that broke your heart. And now you have Jacob and you two are so perfect." "There's no such thing as a perfect relationship, you know that." It's hard not to feel like a child at that. It's the one thing Leah always liked to remind me way back when she actually started to talk to me. I know I'm going to sound like a calloused bitch here, kid, but don't expect a fairy tale ending to drop down in your lap like it did for your mommy. It was funny at the time because I remembered the day I was born – how closely my mom came to dying. How ready everyone was to kill me. That doesn't happen in fairy tales. "I have had eight relationships, Leah," I whisper into the phone, "none of them…not one said 'I love you' to me. Two of them didn't even want to hold my hand, and the longest relationship I've had was 6 months. That's not fair." I can hear Leah breathing evenly over the phone and I cross my legs, eyes flittering over my surroundings. "What isn't fair is that you're too caught up in a fantasy that you can't enjoy the reality. You need to take a step back sometimes, Nessie, and ask yourself if you're actually seeing the person in front of you, or just someone you want them to be." There's a lump steadily building in my throat. I don't know what to say to that. "I'm sorry," I choke out, wiping a stray tear from the corner of my eyes, minding my makeup and doing my best not to smudge it. "I hate myself for saying this, and I'll probably shove my head in a blender afterwards…stop trying to find love, and let it find you. You're young and probably going to live forever; stop rushing and just live. Also, get me something strapless." The laugh bubbles in my throat and comes out before I can stop it. "Our wedding was going to be in your backyard with wildflowers, and I was going to wear a tuxedo," I say instead of 'thank you'. Leah hangs up with a scoff. "Would you like a sample? Today our special is- oh crap, shit. I'm sorry. I'm bothering you, I'm really sorry; I just thought that since you were sitting there..." I look up to see amber eyes that make my heart stutter and practically sing.