damn it! "And just where do you think you are going baby?" I ask instead as I jump up slowly and move quickly to stand behind her, wrapping my arms around her slim waist tightly and nibbling her soft neck. Holy shit I want her again! "Peter and Charlotte will be here in about twenty minutes Jasper!" She reminds me with a beautiful smile then turns her naked body around to face me, wrapping her arms around my neck. "Remember we are all taking a road trip up to Abilene so we can hunt tonight and tomorrow night!" Bella giggles and kisses my pouting lips. "Come on baby, we need to go get dressed and packed before they get here and see our naked asses, again!" I chuckle at the memory of me and Bella exposing ourselves to our family on accident last week. "Damn baby!" I continue to chuckle as I throwing Bella over my shoulder. "You made me forget all about the road trip quick!" I continue to laugh as I run up the stairs to our bedroom. "You're a vampire Jasper! How in the hell could you have forgotten?" Bella laughs as I toss her on the bed then crawl on top of her before molding my mouth to hers. "Mmmm" Bella moans loudly as I suck her tongue into my mouth. Fuck I'm hard as a rock again! "You are very distracting Mrs. Whitlock!" I growl as I thrust my hard cock into my sexy wife once again but before I can start pounding into her I hear the most annoying voice in the world."Stop that shit Major!" Ugh, I love my brother, I really do but right now I want to kill him in the most painful way. I look down at my giggling wife sadly and groan before pulling out and pressing my face between her breast as I squeeze them in my frustration. "Fucker has the worst timing and why in the hell does he insist on calling me that? I fucking avoided that life!" I groan loudly as I stand up with my wife still in my arms. "Old habits die hard asshole!" Peter laughs causing Bella to giggle again like she's high. "That and you are old as dirt and set in you ways!" Bella yells back as I walk into our closet causing me to laugh my ass off as I put her down and smack her ass playfully before we both proceed to get dressed and pack a few outfits for our three day trip. By the time Bella and I make it down stairs Garret has made it here and ready to leave. The dip shit has been acting rather impatient since he and Peter planned this trip. "So" Charlotte grins at Bella causing her to groan loudly. "I saw the hot tub! Was that a foot print?" At this everyone starts laughing as Bella groans and glares at our sister. "oh, Peter and I had fun crushing it completely so you're stable hand doesn't see it while he's here this weekend. Your welcome!" "Thanks Char oh and Shut up!" My embarrassed little mate growls and buries her face in my chest as everyone laughs at the fact that she and I can't quit breaking our many, many hot tubs. "I can't help it my husband is sex incarnate and can't keep his huge dick away from me anytime that I'm naked, and we're not allowed to wear swimsuits, its a rule! That is why you guys are not allow to go anywhere near our hot tub!" My beautiful wife growls at the assholes with her face still pressed against my chest as I rub her back soothingly. "Now if you fuckers are finished..."Bella turns around and glares at our family. "...We need to hit the road if we want to make it to Abilene by tonight!" "Darlin, did you call Randy and let him know what time we are leaving and how long we'll be gone, and that he needs to take care of Eugene as well?" I look at my wife as I grab her bags. "Damn that pint sized glue factory!" Peter grumbles before getting slapped across the back of his head by Bella and Charlotte at the same time. "Don't you dare talk about Eugene like that! Eugene!" Bella points her finger in Peter's face causing everyone to laugh. She then turns to me with a gorgeous smile. "Yes honey, I've taken care of everything!" After about ten minutes of bickering over who sits where in Charlotte's Tahoe, we're finally on the road. Bella and I claimed the third row seat much to everyone's annoyance because anytime we all go on long trips together and Bella and sit in the very back I always end up projecting. Hey I can't help that my dick somehow always finds it's way in my wife's mouth...or hand...Or both! Especially on long road trips. About ten minutes into the trip I feel the buttons of my jeans being snapped open and my instantly hard cock is pull from the confines of my jeans. I grin down at my hungry wife before I place my hand on the back of her head, threading my finger through her silky hair as she lowers her head down and sucks cock down her throat hard; pulling a low rumbling growl from my chest. I close my eyes and bite my bottom lip to suppress the loud moans that want to escape my mouth as I rest my head against the back of the seat with a big ass smile on my face. I faintly hear Garret mumble something but I'm too far gone to give a shit as to what the hell he's saying at the moment because right now Bella is literally swallowing dick... Holy shit, my mate is absolutely fucking perfect! To be continued... So...I really hope you guys like what I'm doing with this one. ~FOLLOW, FAVORITE AND REVIEW~