be drained before the Major can get to you. Bella you are the singer of one of those veggie vamps and he will lose control on a night that Jasper is running late from a hunt. You can't be left alone at any time!" Peter gives her a soft look. "If you want to do this, then you'll need to do as we say little devil, because if you die Jasper dies; end of story!" "Ok" She sighs and pulls a phone out of her pocket "My dad is working nights this week so I can call him now." She grins as she dials a number. After a few rings a gruff voice answers. "Fork police department this is Chief Swan speaking!" Oh shit! I look at Peter and all the asshole does is fucking smile. "Hey Ch- dad, how are you?" Bella grins at the look I give her. What is it that causes a preacher or a cop's daughter to be wild and untamed; is it all the rules that they are to abide by or is it just a natural contradiction? One of God's jokes maybe? "Hey Bells shouldn't you be in bed?" "No dad, I'm a night owl!" My devious little mate winks at me. "Look dad, the reason that I'm calling you is to tell you that my boyfriend, his brother and his brother's girlfriend are moving to forks with me and that I'll be staying with them but it doesn't mean that you and I won't be spending time together!" Bella rushes out causing me to chuckle. "Breathe baby" I mouth to her. "Wow, ok uh, well it must be serious for him to follow you and you are eighteen so I can't stop you from living with the guy but I am going to meet him Isabella! That is non negotiable child!" he chuckles. "You're seeing someone aren't you dad? You gave into that way too easy!" Bella laughs and looks over at Char typing away on her laptop. "No" He answers a little too quickly. "I bet" Bella laughs again. "Look dad I'm taking a flight out at dawn so…" "Did your mother already leave for Maine?" Chief Swan cuts in. "Yes" Bella growls snidely. "She left two weeks ago!" Chief Swans sighs in defeat. "I'm sorry kiddo; I wish I could have gotten custody of you when you were younger but…" "Dad its fine" Bella laughs loudly. "Renee will get hers; karma being a bitch and all that, right." "Gotta love karma, let's just hope she's feeling particularly vengeful on the day she goes after your mother!" Shit, now I know where my girl gets her personality from. "Anyway, I love you kid and I'll see you guys tomorrow evening; oh do you need me to pick ya'll up from the airport?" Bella looks at me and I shake my head in the negative. "No dad but we'll stop by when we get to Forks! Love you!" "I love you too and have a safe trip kid!" The line goes dead before more can be said. "I like your dad!" Peter grins and turns to Char "You get all that shit worked out?" "Yep, the jet will be ready in when we get there and the house will be squared away before we get to Forks!" "What houses; and jet?" Bella looks at me in shock. "Yes darlin'" I kiss her nose. "Peter bought a…few houses in forks because the bastard just knows shit and knew we'd need them, and I've had that jet for about ten years now!" I grin as she slowly nods her head. And now the woman is feel a smidge of shock for the first time since I met her! I just chuckle to myself and shake my head because Bella Swan will never be placed in the normal category…ever! "Well alright then!" Bella says as she stands, after a her little moment. "I'm guessing ya'll need to get this house situated before we leave and I need a nap." Bella doesn't wait for anyone to show her around, oh no, the crazy girl just walks into the house and stomps up the stairs. I look at Peter with a smile before I take off after her. "Now how in the hell do you know which room is mine?" I ask her once I'm standing behind her causing her to jump. "I don't know; I was just looking for a bed!" She laughs as she opens the door. "Whose room is this Jasper?" I lift her in my arms and kiss her lips passionately as I move into the room and lay her on my bed. "Mine, and before you ask; I like to relax while I read!" I mumble against her lips before leaving her on the bed. "Get some sleep darlin' while I help pack!" I kiss her once more before I begin to get all my things pack or boxed up to be stored. I can't help but think that those veggie vamps are gonna try and continue to make my life more complicated than it needs to be. If that's the case, I'll gladly show them why the god of war is the last mother fucker they want to fuck with! Especially the little bitch that thought she could get one over on me…more than once. The stupid bitch tried twenty goddamn times over the years and every time Peter intervened. How she knew how to find me is still a mystery to us! That is one thing his gift doesn't tell him. Well, that and the bitches name! I plan on tearing her apart when I do meet the bitch for making us move all over the fucking US and if she thinks she can separate me and mine, she has another thing coming! Judgment day is coming for her and its coming with the devil herself! Damn my mind can come up with the weirdest shit! Follow, Favorite, and Review