man needs to know how to cook to feed himself, then later in life how to cook to please his wife and kids. She was a free thinker. She thought that a parent should stay home during the first five years, so that they can instil their values and make sure that their child has a clear view on life, not a jaded one at age five. So she taught me how to cook, so that when I have a woman in my life I can please her in two places." He ended off with his signature cheeky grin. "And Mr. McCarty, what two places would that be?" I asked, trying to keep my mind out if the gutter. He leaned close so that I could feel his breath on my cheek, "in the kitchen and" he gave me a real lady-killer grin, one that showcased his dimples, "the bedroom." I had to resist the urge to fan myself. But damn he can make me hot in like three point three seconds. "Um, wow." I blushed, he just grinned. "So, Bella what happened today, you seemed fine yesterday. But you didn't come today?" "Oh, I got that twenty-four hour flu bug thingy. I was up all night. I didn't think I could do the English language justice today." I knew that he knew that something was wrong; I don't want to tell him about Edward and Tippy. "So Emmett, do you have any brothers or sisters?" I want the attention off of me. "Ya, I do. Jacob. He was adopted when I was seven he was seven as well. His parents passed away suddenly and there was no next of kin, so he was put into the system and my parents fell in love with him so they adopted him once they could. We are as close as actual blood brothers could be. How about you, have any siblings?" "No it's just me. I liked it that way. My parents had a divorce when I was young and I don't think I could have dealt with anyone else getting shipped from one state to another for the major holidays and summers." "Oh I see what states did you live in?" "Arizona, Phoenix to point exactly and Washington, Forks again exactly. It was hard but we managed. Then my mom remarried to a minor league ball player, and I thought it would be good if they had some alone time so when I was seventeen, I moved in with my dad, who was and still is police chief of Forks. So I have been in Washington ever since." I smiled remembering my first day at Forks High- the day I decided I wanted to be an English teacher. "Bella, I love your smile, what's the cause of it? I hope I am." "Well, for two reasons, (a) I'm having a delicious dinner made by you and (b) I am remembering why I wanted to teach." "Really, now why would you want to teach?" "Because, when you go into your grade elven (a/n I don't know American grading system) English class and you see your teacher butchering the language you have so much respect for, you want to change it somehow. And I thought what better way to teach English the way it should be taught." I smiled remembering the teacher. "Now how about you, what made you want to teach English and gym plus coach football?" "Well, I always wanted to play pro hockey, like every Canadian boy, but I wasn't very good, so my parents thought with my size I would be better suited to football, which was true. I was going to play for the Canadian Football League, but I hurt my shoulder and so that was out. But I always believed in having a backup plan, so I thought of teaching. But I didn't want to be that jock teacher, so I majored in English so I can actually teach and then coach on the side. Mr. V asked if I could teach some gym classes here, I said yes. And the rest they say is history." "That's cool; you mentioned a few days ago, that you came from New York?" "Ya, I had a high school coaching job there. I didn't have much fun, like I said I wanted to teach first then second coach. The school didn't see it my way, a CFL recruit, needed to be a full time coach and a part time supply teacher. So I started applying at different schools and here hired me as an English teacher and then as a football coach. I think I will be really happy here." He said, taking my hand and squeezing it. My heart fluttered, at his touch. This was sweet, I thought to myself. Edward and I were never this sweet. Possibly in the beginning but not now, we were just two people who thought they loved each other. I guess it's good that Edward did fuck his secretary so that we could realize the shitty relationship we had together. So I kind of forgive him for that, but as for Tippy. I don't think I can. We were having biscuits for dessert, when the phone started to ring. I got this awful pit in my stomach, that wouldn't let up. It rang three more times before the answering system kicked in; I heard a nasty, vile voice- the kind that would make an army general weep. I knew this day could get bad fast. " Isabella…" the disgusting voice said. A/N: There you have it the new Chapter one :) I hope you like it! (nothing was changed I just condensed the first three chapters into this one.) Please Review, and read :p. Have a great week…only two more weeks of school….for the parents who read my story…sorry you get your kids 24/7, no worries I am a preschool teacher. We are still opened over the summer so I get no reprieve.