except yours that is." She winks at the look I give her. "From what I gather from my grams journals that I found; succubus are not effected by vampire venom, but, if a succubus is mated to a vampire, her mates bite will be very…pleasurable and will connect the two in every single way possible. It's basically a mating bite but so much more, for both of us." Consider my mind fucking blown. My mate is a succubus and a siren, and she is sharing her power with me every time she touches me. Fuck, couldn't that hurt her? "Baby, will it hurt you to give me this energy?" I think I'm freaking out right now because if it does hurt her then I won't be able to touch her, and that just plain fucking sucks a big one. I mean the woman is a goddess and goddamn I'm hard just looking at her and listening to her voice as she speaks. Bella begins to laugh, throwing her head back. This action causes her extremely hot core to press into me from her straddling position. "Peter honey, you can touch me anytime you want and it will never hurt me." That is all the conformation that I needed. I jump out of the truck and make my way into the house and into my bedroom, in a half a second flat. I toss Bella on my bed and begin to strip her slowly; careful not to rip her clothes. Once we're both completely naked, I begin leaving kisses up her body, dragging my tongue against her soft warm skin. Damn, she tastes heavenly. When I get to her breast I feel a strong surge of energy like nothing I have ever felt before in my life, and the next thing I know; I'm balls deep inside my mate's extremely tight pussy, pumping in and out hard and fast at her request as she grinds into me just as hard. The current flowing between our bodies is like liquid fire. It's causing my entire being to ignite, and I can feel something pass between us that is so absolute, and permanently intertwining my soul with hers. "Oh…god…Peter!" She screams just as I feel her walls pulsing around me, hard. Oh yeah, I just made my woman, that is a succubus and a damn siren, cum within minutes, and fuck me, I'm so damn close. Shit this feel incredible; I'm so addicted to this woman. "That's right Bella. Mmmm." I growl in her ear. "Who owns you, baby? Who's making you feel this way? Huh? Tell me Bella. Who do you belong to?" I pant out as my thrusts become erratic just as her walls clamp down on my cock again, only harder this time. Fuck me, she feel like heaven. "You Peter, only you…Oh fuck! YES! YES! YES!" She screams loudly and the sound is so eerily hypnotic that I release into without warning both of us falling from grace at the same damn time. "Peter, bite me now…make me yours. Mark me now, my mate!" She cries out and tilts her head to the side, exposing her delectable neck to me. Without a word, I lean forward and sink my teeth into her neck, taking a few sips of her sweet blood and igniting something within me that is so deeply bound to my Bella. This feeling causes me to explode into her once more. I continue to pulse deep inside her as I pump as much venom into her neck as I can. She cries out again as my venom courses through her. Her body begins to withe beneath me as she cum's once more. She suddenly bites down on her bottom lip, drawing blood. She leans up and bites into my neck. I can feel her pushing her blood into the wound and…Oh fuck yeah! I have never felt pleasure like. "Oh god, baby that feels fucking incredible!" I moan lean down to seal her wound with my venom as she continues to mark me with her blood. I have never heard of this before, but damn. I'm in heaven. Once I've finished, I lavish Bella's beautiful neck with my tongue. She lifts her finger to my mouth. "Open." I do as she says and suck on her finger. "I need venom to close the wound, baby." She giggles as she rubs my venom on my neck. As I continue my task of scenting my mate's sexy body, my eyes lock on the bite mark on her wrist. That fucker, James, better be glad he is dead. I would love to have the power to bring that sack of shit back from the dead just to kill him again, my way, slowly and painfully. Yes, my mate has history with other vampires and I intend to kill any and all that caused her pain. Starting with Edward fucking Cullen, right after I give Jasper the ass whooping he deserves! When I'm satisfied that Bella smells like me, I crawl back up her body so that my face is hovering above hers. As press my lips to hers I comb my fingers through her silky locks. "I barely know you but I love you already Bella." Her eyes flutter open and her smile broadens as she flips us over so she can straddle me. She leans down and kisses me fiercely then pulls back slightly. "I love too Peter." She moans as she starts round two. God in heaven, I really do love this woman, even though we don't really know each other, yet. But I am really looking forward to knowing everything about this beautiful purple eyed goddess. Okay, I reread this chapter and felt that I had to go back and make it better by fixing all those mistakes (hope I got them all). I 'm doing the same to chapter 2 and 3 next. Then I 'll be posting chapter 4. Hope you all enjoyed that!