"Lillian isn't my girlfriend, and she's like family. I prefer strong-minded brunettes." "Mm, well, it's too bad I'm not one of those bimbos who fall for the whole bad boy persona. Better get back to your incest relationship." I spoke loudly before running off and leaving a gaping Edward Masen and shocked students of 'the most prestigious school of the west' behind. I walked into the off to come face to face with the blonde goddess herself, Lillian Hale. Her blue eyes grew as wide as saucers. "You're the Airport Girl, the one who has been driving Ed- Masen insane! Nobody has ever had the nerve to flick off Masen. The boys are usually shaking with fear and the girls with want. But, you're different, I like you." She exclaimed loud enough for all of China to hear her. "Oh, you better watch your back. If word gets out that Masen has his eye on you, you'll become more famous than you already are..." She paused before sticking her hand out. "I'm Lillian Hale, though your daddy already told you. Nice man, Chief Swan. I just wish he could see the good in Masen like I do. Anyways, you and I are gonna be like family soon. My sister is messing with Edward's cousin. That already makes us close enough." "I'm Isabella, the Airport Girl. The girl with the nerve to flick Edward off and steal his parking spot-" I was interrupted by the Devil himself. "The one stupid enough to confront me in front of the entire school." Edward wrapped his arm around Lillian and smirked at me. "See you around, Swan." "Actually Masen, to make up from your previously unfulfilled punishments, you will be Ms. Swan's tour guide of our wonderful school." A redheaded woman spoke as she came from behind a door labeled 'Principal's Office: Amanda Cope' with a packet in her hand. She walked straight up to me and shook my hand gently before saying, "Thank you, Ms. Swan, for joining our lovely school. You'll see just how amazing classes can be and how much the school has to offer. The guidance counselor is aware of your past and will willingly do everything to make school as comfortable as possible. Edward Masen will be your school tour guide; here is your schedule, information packet, agenda, and conduct handbook. Have a great first day." "Damn it, Mrs. Cope. Give me something else, please." Edward groaned behind me. I rolled my eyes at his insistence. Mrs. Cope shook her head before walking back into her office. I turned towards the bronze god and blonde goddess. "It's cool, I can find everything myself. I wouldn't want to inconvenience the oh-so busy Edward Masen." With those as my final words, I walked into the school hallway with a little more sway to my hips than necessary. Edward Masen was going to learn that he shouldn't have picked a war with Isabella Swan. I always won. "Actually, Miss Swan, your resistance is quite exhilarating. I agreed to be your tour guide." Edward called out as he ran up to walk beside me. I sighed. "Don't you have some gang to run or something?" The words spilled out of my mouth before I could stop them and I wasn't the only one shocked because of my outburst. Edward's stepped halted before he pushed me up against some lockers. His face was inches away from mine and his hands held my wrists by my side. "Oh, you have no idea what you're getting yourself into, Isabella." His words were threatening but his voice only held lust in it. He pressed his body against mine and he shifted his head before his lips brushed my ear. I could feel every hardened inch of his body. Shivers ran down my spine as he whispered, "Just because I'm a badass gang leader doesn't mean I can't get an education." "Mm, good to know." I really had no comeback, but my words were breathless. It wasn't the words said because they had nothing sexual about them, it was the way he held my body between his and the lockers. The way his voice sounded as his lips brushed against my ear had been the real effect on me. He let go of my wrists and skimmed his hands upwards until they reached just before my breasts. I groaned when he pressed his erection into my hip, my eyes rolling to the back of my head. "Why can't you just leave me alone?" "Good to know I have the same effect on you that you have on me." His whispered chuckle came out before he pushed away from me. The cold air shook me out of my fantasy and the smug smirk on his face told me that it had really happened. Edward Masen had me tied up in a jumble of jelly mess only seconds after I thought I had won over him. I glared at him, picking up the bag I hadn't realized I dropped in the midst of his seduction. I watched as he wrapped his arm around Lillian and headed for the exit doors but not before calling back to me with a wink and my own words, "See ya, Swan. I've got a gang to run." "Fuck you, Edward Masen!" I yelled back to the closed doors that separated me from the departing figures of the Devil and Lillian. Jealousy surged through me as I watched Edward climb onto his bike and Lillian climb on behind him, wrapping her arms around his torso. I flicked him off when he threw me his knowing smirk and mouthed the words, "Fuck you." That should be me, my inner Isabella stomped her foot as she watched Edward pull out of the parking lot and into the unknown with the blonde beauty wrapped around him. That should fucking be me! Thanks for reading! Please leave a review and help me find someone who wouldn't mind helping me.