continue his antagonizing ways. "I met her through him. She's pretty cool. I don't know what Em and her were like in high school, and from what I hear they were total dicks to you, but they've changed I hear. I know Rosalie and she said that the two of them felt massively bad for bullying some kid. That kid being you. They don't know I know you," he says. "Hmm," I say sounding like I'm not interested. "Dude, Bella Swan isn't going to know what hit her. Look at you, all muscular and tatted up. If I were you I'd happily go to that poor excuse of a school. I'd show there asses what they were messin' with," he says smugly. I sigh and run a hand through my hair. "It's not like that for me Jake, and you know it." "Whatever," he murmurs, distracted by something on his phone. Suddenly, I hear the sound of a camera on a phone go off and I snap my head in his direction. He looks at me, laughs and then runs to the bathroom and locks the door. "Jacob, you fucker, delete that now!" I shout. "You can thank me later asshole!" he says between laughs. "I'm not kidding! Don't you fucking dare post that anywhere!" With that I walk back to the couch angry and throw myself. Five minutes later, the prick comes back with a smug smile on his face. He throws himself on the couch and watches T.V wordlessly. "What the fuck did you do Jake?" I ask. I sigh and rub my eyes, exhausted. "Oh nothing, just posted it on Insta, showing everyone, including Bella and Emmett Swan and Rosalie and Jasper Hale," he says smiling. I jump off of the couch and glare at him. He never understood the depth of my feelings on this subject. What they did to me went on for four years and scarred me for life. "What the fuck Jake?" I yell loudly. He frowns, shocked by my anger and sits up. "Dude, chill the fuck out," he says shakily. "You think that shit's funny Jake. It's not. You didn't have to go through all of that. You didn't get the shit beat of you just because you had no money to give the mother fucker. You don't know what it was like, so don't tell me to calm down." My stomach curls with anxiety and I run my hands through my hair. "Okay, okay. Look, I deleted it. Right there, look," he thrust the phone in my face and I see it's nowhere to be found. I look at him and shake my head. "That wasn't fucking funny Jacob. I'm serious. You don't know how hard it is, thinking about that shit. Really, you don't," I say quietly. "Okay, I'm sorry. Truly I am man. But listen to me and listen up close. You're seeing the three of them and then the rest of Forks High on Tuesday. You need to suck it up and be prepared, because the amount of stress you have over this small problem is probably not good for you," he says calmly. "It's not a small problem to me. And I am trying to prep myself for this stupid thing. God, this is all a bunch of bullshit," I sigh and burry my face in my hands. "Have you seen yourself lately? Edward, you are the fucking CEO of Cullen International Corporation, you fucking filthy rich. You're a handsome young man, whose healthy and built; the ink on you makes you look even more intimidating. Once they find out how successful you are, they're all gonna be jealous and then the joke's gonna be on them." Fuck. He's right, but that doesn't change how stressed I am. Why the hell can't I get over this shit? It was years ago. Ever since high school, I've been quite and distant. It changed me; they changed me. "I know it's all hard to deal with and I know you're nervous about Tuesday, but man, you don't need to be. You're stressing yourself over something that you don't have to stress about. Lighten up; the day is coming up and it'll be over before you know it," he reassures me and it actually works. Sighing I lean back and watch the stupid show. "I guess." FM "You ready?" Alice asks with excitement thick in her voice. "Yep. I got all my bags and shit," I say with a relaxed smile. "Okay, let's start putting them in the car…" she stops for a second and looks at me. "Can we take her?" she asks quietly with a pleading smile on her face. "Fuck no," I said firmly. "Edward, tomorrow is the reunion, we need to show you off! And plus I miss her. Please?" she begs. "What's it with you and showing off our money and success? And why the hell did you give me such short notice on this stupid reunion?" I ask exasperated. "You take Apollo and I'll take the Cadillac. Please?" She juts her bottom lip out and pouts, making me give in. I sigh and rub my eyes, "Fine." Why is she always so difficult? She squeals and run to grab the keys to my Cadillac while I grab the keys to Apollo, my Aston Martin Vanquish. Yeah, having money definitely has benefits. I help Alice load the Cadillac and the hop in Apollo. I take a deep breath in and smile in contentment. Fuck I've missed this baby. I start the car and pull out the drive way, pressing the button to close the garage door. And then I'm on my way to visit my beloved mother and two little brothers. And face the people that ruined my high school years and in some ways my life. Yeah, this is short, but I had to finish soon. Stay with me please! Thoughts? Reviews are love! Fanfic recommendation – The Sure Thing, by Maggie's Gutter