my best friend," he said with a sigh. "Keep in contact with me and I'll make sure you get all your stuff." "Thanks, and I'll get the ring back to you." "I don't want it," he said with a sigh. "You're still going to be in Rachel's wedding, right?" "Yeah, if she'll still want me to," I said. "This was really easy…did you not want to get married?" "I don't know, Bella. Like you said, you never loved me like you should have. I think I just liked the idea of getting married so much that I would take your love any way I could. We would have had a happy life together, but that wouldn't have been enough." "There would always be something missing?" I asked knowing we were feeling the same thing. "Yeah. I'll see you when Rachel gets married." "Bye, Jake." "Bye, Bella." We hung up the phone and I felt like I was going to cry, but I didn't. I just felt lighter. I took the ring off my finger and stared at it for a long time. This was what I wanted. This was how things had to happen. I felt bad that I didn't feel bad. Everything felt right…so right. I was happy, the happiest I had felt in years. I hadn't been able to write in a couple of months. I grabbed my lap top and I started to write. I woke the next morning to a stiff neck, an open lap top on my lap, and a smile on my face. I jumped out of bed and got ready for the day. I needed to find Edward. I needed to tell him how much I loved him and how badly I wanted to be with him. I didn't even bother with the elevator and I ran down three flights of stairs. When I got to the lobby, I ran to his office, only to find it empty. I ran to the dress shop knowing that Elizabeth would know where he was. "Where's the fire?" Alice asked with a laugh as I busted through her door. "Where's Edward?" I asked quickly. "He just left. He and E went to go see my mom," she said as my breathing slowed down. "He left you this." She handed me an envelope and I quickly opened it. Dear Bella, I love you so much and I wish you the best in your life. I wanted to stay. I thought I could, but I can't. I would really like to stay in contact, E and I both would like that. I will always love you. My heart sank at his words. This was not happening. "When did he leave?" "Maybe five minutes ago." "Where does your Mom live now?" "About an hour away," she said looking at me like I was crazy. "I need his cell number. I have to talk to him," I said as she nodded and gave me the number. I dialed it with shaky hands. "Hello?" Edward's beautiful voiced asked. "I love you. I have always loved you. I tried to not love you, but it's not possible. I'm not marrying Jake. I called off the wedding. I know I did the right thing for the fact that I didn't feel bad. I forgot how to have fun. Edward, you showed me I had lost myself along the way. We never got to say goodbye to one another when I left. I always felt like something was missing in my life and I thought it was because we didn't have our closure, but that wasn't the case. The part that I felt missing all these years, was you. I've always said I had this hole in my heart, but since I've been back, I haven't felt that emptiness. I never needed any kind of closure. I just needed you, because you are the only person that would fill my heart with complete happiness. I haven't written anything in months and then last night I was able to write. I lost the fun in life. I can't lose it or you again. Edward, I have never loved anyone the way that I love you," I said as my eyes filled with tears. At first I thought we lost our connection and that I was talking to myself, until I heard him breathe. "Where are you?" he asked. "In the dress shop," I said. Before I could say anything else, he was standing there. I ran to him and threw my arms around his neck hugging him tight. "I love you." "I love you, too," he said as we smiled at each other. I titled my head to the side and I kissed him with everything in me. I knew my kiss told him how much I loved and needed him. "Now that is a happily ever after, Aunt Alice," I heard E-Beth say all knowingly. "I couldn't agree more," I said pulling away from Edward just enough to agree before my mouth was back over his. "Everything is set for a wedding and I would truly love it if you would marry me," Edward said dropping to one knee. "I really don't care if this is too fast; it feels right." "Yes, oh my god, yes!" I yelled grabbing Edward's face. ~~GH~~ "Do you, Isabella Marie Swan, take Edward Masen Cullen, to be your husband?" the minister asked. "I do." "Do you, Edward Masen Cullen, take Isabella Marie Swan to be your wife?" "Duh," E-Beth said covering her mouth. "Sorry, Daddy." "It's okay," he said with a laugh. "I do." "You may kiss the bride," the minister said as our lips met for the first time as husband and wife. And we lived happily ever after. ~~GH~~ The End I hope you enjoyed this little bit of a story. This is complete and I will not be adding to it. I hope everyone who celebrates has a wonderful Christmas and an amazing new year!