I changed my mind. In what clever way would I even explain this to make it sound logic? I just couldn't. I still called him though and I heard his gravelly voice on the other end. "What's up, Bells?" "I- uhm - The truck broke down along the road so I had to call a cab. Could you pick it up? I left the keys inside," that and the location of where I had left the truck was all I bared to say to him. I had just lied to a cop and I was a terrible liar at that but he didn't ask any following question, instead he told me he would take care of it and then hung up. Charlie was getting retired this summer and I had heard that it is important for people who are retiring to feel useful. It applied to Charlie very well and I had been noticing how his mood changed for the better as I asked him for small tasks. It was a regular Monday at the little library, not many came just some of the regulars so the day merely contained some small talk which made me highly appreciate my job today. I could spend the day calming myself from this morning which I still hadn't managed with as the clock was ticking towards six and it was close up time. What made it even worse was the car keys to the Volvo that felt as if they burned a hole in the pocket of my jeans. I had no idea what I was supposed to do with it. I had searched for the owner by using the license plate but it was owned by some company it seemed and was untraceable. I sighed with frustration since I knew I would never get a hold of him and this car he had just dropped on me like some waste for me to take care of. Was he some hot-shot millionaire? I had no choice but to drive that car home and lie to Charlie, I figured why not take some advantage of this mess that guy had created for me. I knew I had to do something about the car but it could wait until tomorrow. He didn't seem desperate to want it back, I had even chacked for any reports for a missing car multiple - to the brink of unhealthy - amount of times during the day but it was dead silent. I could just tell Charlie that it was a rental, he trusts me enough not to get suspicious over it and I needed a car. I got home before Charlie did, crap, that would make the Volvo the first thing he sees as he comes home. But this will give me time to create a distraction for him as soon as he steps through the door. Some dinner and perhaps a movie we both would enjoy afterwards. I would also do good with some distraction tonight. For dinner I had planned to prepare parchment baked carrots, potatoes, leeks, asparagus and butternut squash alongside a flank steak, grilled and sliced up. The vegetables laid neatly on my cutting board as I went to grab the meat from the fridge and placed it on a plate beside the cutting board. I turned the oven on and while I left it to heat up I began to peel the carrots and potatoes. I was still deep in thought, just by sitting in that car and breathing in his scent on my way home had made my stomach flip upside down and turn inside out. I had a plan though; tomorrow I would just anonymously leave the car outside the police station and then it wouldn't be that far for me to walk over to the car dealer and rent or buy a new car for real. I got pulled back to reality by my ringtone, I quickly pulled it out of my bag that I had flung over a kitchen chair and picked up. "Hey Bella, I'm just calling to say that I will be a bit late and to tell you that you were in huge luck this morning." It was Charlie again. What did he even mean by that? Did he know something about my strange morning? How was that even possible? "In luck?" I asked, trying to act as if I knew nothing of what he spoke of. "Yup, I had zero service out where your pickup had broke down so that you had managed to get a hold of a cab was just pure luck, I assume." Shit, was he already on to me? Lying to a cop wasn't my smartest move today, yet, not the worst I've done today either. Hijacking a strangers car is slightly higher placed on that list. "Oh uhm, but I also have a slightly newer model of phone than you. It might have an easier time to pick up the reception than your brick?" I had clearly no idea of what I was talking about but neither did he, he knew way less than I did about technology and what I said seemed to make some sort of sense to him because he gruffed, "hm, guess you're right. See you later, Bella," and with that he hung up on me again and I returned to cooking. I was on my way of wrapping up the vegetables in a package of parchment paper when three sharp knocks on the front door had made me jump up high, scaring the living crap out of me. Inevitably that led to me tripping over my own feet, grasping for something to hold on to so that the fall would be broken. Unfortunately what I grabbed a hold on was the cutting board and since it wasn't attached to anything I took it down with me and all that was on top. Wow, this only proves to show how rarely guests come over. Especially unannounced.