long. Sometimes he'd look my way, catching me red handed and that that fierce, wild look flashed in his eyes every time. After a while I promised myself I wouldn't look again and this time I meant it. Putting my uneasiness aside, I tried hard to appear like I was enjoying myself and focussed my attention on my friends who chatted away endlessly about how fun the night had been so far. I could feel Edward's intense gaze on me from time to time but I refused to look back again, fearful of his heated gaze. An hour later, I left Angela and Jessica chatting away while I made a trip to the rest room. I followed Jessica instructions and was beginning to think that this place was one long, endless corridor, when I finally turned a corner and found the rest rooms. After I'd finished, I quickly checked my appearance before I headed back outside. I had barely taken a step down the corridor when a hand grabbed a hold of my shoulder, and I turned around to find Edward looming over me; his eyes gleamed as he stared down at me. I couldn't help but stare at him for a moment; He was even more spectacular up close, how that was even possible I'm not sure. With the exception of a tiny scar on his forehead he was without flaw. His eyes, I decided were the most unusual shade of green I had ever seen. The colour of emeralds, flecked with gold and hazel. Odd but unmistakably beautiful. His voice soon broke me from my haze. "What the hell are you doing here?" He demanded as he stared at me with burning green eyes. I couldn't understand what was happening and could only stare up at him in shock as he continued to question me. "Why are you here?" He asked, his tone sharp, unmistakably irritated by my silence. "Did your father send you?" "My father?" I repeated slowly, trying and failing to make any sense of what he was saying. "I don't understand." "I know who you are Isabella SWAN," he spat out the last part. "Did he send you to spy on me?" When I tried to release his hand, he pulled me closer. "No! of course not." "Why should I believe you?" "Because it's the truth!" I said, exasperated, then froze when I became aware that he was leaning in towards me, so close that our noses were almost touching and his lips were mere inches away from mine. For a moment, just a moment, I thought he was going to kiss me. I gulped as I was overcome by the strangest tingling sensation. My heart jumped to my throat, my pulse began to hammer, and an odd combination of heat and chill gripped me. But one look at the hostility in his eyes and reality flooded back to me, taking with it any hope I had that Edward was about to kiss me. "You shouldn't be here," he warned. His voice was harsh again, and I suddenly realised that his hands were still gripping my shoulders. "I mean it Isabella. Stay away from me and the rest of my family." His gaze followed mine and his hands dropped away instantly, leaving me strangely disappointed when he took a step back from me. Edward hesitated, or seemed to, although I couldn't be sure, before he turned and practically ran down the corridor. "Are you okay? You've been gone ages," Angela asked when I returned to our table. Great. I was hoping they hadn't noticed how long I had been gone, or more importantly how shaken up I was after my encounter with Edward Cullen. "I'm fine," I said weakly, though I don't think either of them bought it. Thankfully they didn't question me and went straight back to their conversation. I was grateful because I really didn't like or understand the unnerving feelings Edward was bringing out in me tonight. Despite his warning and obvious hostility towards me, I was drawn to him in a way no other man had ever affected me before. It was a little unnerving... We stayed for another drink before finally Jessica and Angela had had enough excitement for one evening and we all decided that it was time to go. On our way out I allowed myself one final look at the Cullens. Edward wasn't there, but the rest of his family were. The stunning blonde, caught me staring and looked me over dismissively, sending a warning glare my way before turning back to the others. Even after we arrived back at Angela's house and the buzz of the night had worn off still I couldn't seem to switch my mind off from Edward. I remembered those haunting green eyes and how hiss fingers on my skin had jolted me, like an electric current wired directly to my soul. Something about him had set of a longing inside my chest and caused a strange tingling that I had never experienced before. But there was no happy ending to this story. Edward Cullen had a downright notorious reputation and I would do well to remember that. An hour later I lay in bed thinking over the nights events. But tonight had been simply that; a night. And now it was over I had to move on and forget all about Edward Cullen. Regardless, I fell asleep dreaming of green eyes... Authors note; What did you think? I'm not sure where this story is going so I'd like your opinions. Stick with it or move on to something else? Also I don't have a beta for this story so if anyone wants to beta for me I'd be very grateful. As you can probably tell grammar, punctuation and spelling are not my strong points. Anyway would love to hear your thoughts so please review if you want more and I will try to get the next chapter out asap. Me x