he asked quietly, nodding toward the woods. I just shrugged again, like I had when Esme had asked. When Rosalie had been a newborn, I was more willing to share her tumultuous thoughts with our parents. But now that she had herself well under control, I really had no business doing so. I knew how much she hated her lack of privacy, and keeping her secrets was the least I could do. "I'm sorry, I forgot. Well, I'm sure Esme will have some words of wisdom for her. So, how was your first day?" "Dull," I said honestly. "But I found some other classes to listen in on. Did you know they've developed a vaccine for yellow fever?" Carlisle's eyes lit up. "No, I didn't. Tell me everything about it." I sat down on the grass while my father continued chopping the wood, chattering about everything I had learned in my own classes, as well as the twelve others I had listened in on. After a while, Esme and Rosalie returned. Rosalie finally nodded in greeting to Carlisle, who gave her a concerned smile, and then she entered the garage; we wouldn't be seeing her for the rest of the day. I wish I could be of more help , Esme was fretting as she watched her daughter. I think about it, too. But I have two beautiful children now, and such a wonderful husband. How can I say that I understand? We had these problems with Rosalie more and more often, it seemed. She had adjusted well to her new life, but after two years, she was still mourning the loss of her human future in a way that none of us ever had. And since vampires rarely "get over" things, it was a distinct possibility that we would be dealing with this dynamic for the rest of eternity. We tried to get out of the house as often as could, in order to satisfy Rosalie's social appetite. But no matter how much we went out, she was always dwelling on what she had lost. She was often thinking about her friend, Vera, and the baby boy that had taken on an angelic role in Rosalie's mind. She envied everything about Vera's life: her humanity, her husband, and her baby. Rosalie often wondered what the baby would look like now, and if Vera had been able to have another child. I thought she genuinely missed her friend, sometimes. But usually Vera's life merely served as the shining, impossible dream that Rosalie would never have. On her most bitter days, it was the life that Carlisle had stolen from her. This was utter nonsense, of course, and Rosalie knew it. She would have died if Carlisle hadn't come along. But she needed someone to blame, and though it had been a while since she had accused him out loud, Carlisle was keenly aware of her bitterness towards him. They loved each other as father and daughter, but there was a strain between them that he and I had never experienced. I glanced over at my father now. Carlisle was totally confused, and uncomfortable with approaching Rosalie himself; he was hoping Esme would confide in him later today. He was disappointed with how Rosalie was reacted to her first day, and, as usual, feeling guilty that he had changed her at all. Esme was remembering the baby that she had lost, and wishing that Rosalie could find some joy. Her daughter had warmed up to her in the last two years, and she had Rosalie's confidence. But Esme was also wishing- as she often did during times like this- that Rosalie and I would put our differences aside and fall in love. Oh! I'm sorry, Edward. Never mind. She quickly switched over to thinking about her plans tonight; she was taking the cookies to a food bank. Rosalie was reliving the conversation she had overheard, yet again. It appeared that sometime after our English class, she had overheard another one which had bothered her: a nursing student bubbling over with the news that she and her husband were expecting a baby. As if on cue, Vera and her baby appeared in her mind, surrounded by an aura worthy of the Madonna and Child. It's not fair , Rosalie thought as she turned her wrench a little too hard, warping the bolt she was tightening on the frame of Carlisle's car. That should have been me. It was going to be me. I rolled my eyes. Rosalie had learned the hard way what kind of man her fiancée had been. How could she possibly think that she would be happy if that future had panned out? She would only have repeated Esme's fate. And I simply didn't understand my sister's obsession with babies. What did it matter if she couldn't produce a tiny, squirming human? I did understand her longing for a mate, however. I had been feeling a bit sorry for myself, before Rosalie had come along. I had wondered if I would ever find the kind of love that my parents had. And then Rosalie and her tragic story had come along, reminding me how very rare real love was. It made me all the more determined to never settle for less. Which, of course, would make it all the more impossible to ever happen. It was ironic, really. Both of my parents saw Rosalie and me as the two most "eligible" vampires in the world, and the two most beautiful. But it was quite likely that we would live together in the same coven forever, never finding love. We certainly weren't going to find it in each other ; even Esme realized now that it was never going to happen. But, for better or for worse, I loved my sister, and we both loved our parents. If I had to be stranded in eternal bachelorhood forever, I wouldn't want to be stranded with any family other than this one.