lashes. "Peter..." I growl as I grab his ass and pull him to me then nuzzling my lips against his balls before gently bite them. "I really, really want you to fuck my mouth." "Oh goddamn baby. I'll do whatever the fuck you want!" Peter roars loudly just as I hear the front door slam. "We are all alone now baby." Peter grins down at me as he roughly grips my hair. "Now open your fucking mouth woman." He growls and as soon as my mouth is open he thrust his huge dick in, all the way to the hilt causing me to gag just a little. "Oh fuck, baby." Peter hisses as he thrusts in and out; hitting the back of my throat each and every time he pushes in. "Mmmm..." I moan deeply as I bring my hand up and suck my finger into my mouth with his huge dick. I suck him as hard as I can as I grip his ball then slide my hand further back then ease my soaked finger into his ass. "Shit baby! Oh fuck yeah!" Peter roars and moans loudly as I pump my finger in and out of his ass hard and fast. "Oh god baby, I'm so goddamn close. Shit!" He yells out as I add another finger and scrap my teeth up and down his long thick shaft. All too soon I feel Peter begin to twitch violently in my mouth. "Fuck yeah baby! FUCK, FUCK, FUCK!" Peter's thrust fast and hard repeatedly as his hips roll in time with the movement of my fingers. "Jesus Christ Isabella, I love you so fucking much, woman!" Peter's head lulls back as he releases his delicious cum down my throat. Fucking hell, my man is cuming so hard and so much that it all won't go down fast enough that his seed begins to leak out of my mouth and down my chin. Before I can process what's happening, Peter's beast is fully released and he's ripping and tearing at my clothes until I'm completely naked and position against the wall with my back against his heaving chest. Peter takes my earlobe into his mouth before growling as he grips my hips and pulls my ass against his still hard as fuck cock. "I hope you are fucking ready for me my mate, because I'm about to fuck you very fucking violently baby. Answer me Isabella!" He roars before dragging his tongue up the side of my neck. "Fuck baby, I am always ready for you!" I scream out as Peter thrust his dick into me hard then continues to fuck the thoughts right out of both our heads. An hour later Peter is still fucking me hard and fast against the wall. I feel my legs completely give out and just as Peter pulls out he lift me into his strong arms. Once he's setting in the edge of the bed he positions me so that my useless legs are wrapped around him. "Lean all the way back baby and place you hands on the floor." Peter tells then softly kisses my lips before helping me get into the position that he wants me in. "Yeah baby, just like that." I'm completely upside down in a sort of handstand with my legs still wrapped around my sexy mates hips. Peter grips my thighs as he stands and begins pumping his still hard dick in and out of me, slowly building speed. After about ten minutes of this, Peter and I both cum hard; roaring each others name in ecstasy. Peter gently lays me down and covers my spent naked body with his as he kisses my lips tenderly. "I love you so damn much baby and I can't wait to be your sexy husband." He smiles down at me before flipping us so that I'm laying comfortably across his cool chest and our legs tangled together. "I love you more Peter." I smile down at him, then yawn. "And I can't wait to be your sexy wife." "Okay people, It's time!" Sue yells out before she turns to leave me and my dad alone. My dad smiles down at me before kissing my forehead. "I'm so proud of you baby girl." He says just as Nero whines and swats his leg. "And I'm so proud of you too you silly cat." He laughs. "Thank you daddy. I love you." I smile and try to will the tears away. "Now, are you ready to give you girls away?" "No..." My dad shakes his head just as a tear rolls down his cheek. "But I will regardless." Dad pats Nero on her head as he opens the door." Alright Nero lead the way to Peter." When I step out into the great hall of Jasper's plantation home I begin to get really excited when I see Peter standing at the alter smiling at me. I hold my dad's arm tightly as we walk down the isle with Nero leading the way. When she gets to Peter, she nuzzles his hand before plopping her big ass down next to his left leg. 'I love you' I mouth to Peter. 'I love you more' he mouths back just as my dad places my hand in his. Throughout the entire ceremony my focus is solely on my mate and his is solely on me. When it's time for him to kiss me, I smile as our lips touch. "I love you so much, Peter. Always." I whisper to him. "I love you more my beautiful Isabella. Forever." ...THE END I really hope that you all loved this long ass one-shot. For seriously though, this story is 33 freaking pages long and it took me several months to write it. But in my opinion it was so damn worth it. Let me know what's on all your minds after reading this and I just might write you a fuck awesome sequel. ~FOLLOW, FAVORITE, AND REVIEW~