and the same electric current passing through me at his touch. "I'll take you home." Edward volunteered and I smiled at him to let him know that I wasn't angry or upset at the moment. The ride back to Charlie's was quieter than normal, Nessie's normal chatter not filling the quiet space as she could sense something going on between Edward and I. When we arrived home though she was happy to see Charlie, having missed him the past few days while he had been working. "Why don't you come in for a little while, stick around to tuck her into bed." I said as Edward watched her run into the house, his face as pained as it always was when he dropped us back off. He didn't hesitate to take me up on my offer, following me inside before I had the chance to change my mind. After we had eaten dinner and Ness had been settled into her side of the bed in my room, Charlie excused himself to his room, his exhaustion clearly visible from the past couple of days. "I should get back, the others will be wondering where I am." Edward said quietly as he stood by the door, but something changed, something pulled me to him. "Alice will tell them where you are." I said and grabbed his hand, pulling him back to the living room with me. "You have to promise me that we'll still get to see my dad, get to keep him in our life." I said as we sat down and Edward looked at me in confusion. "If we move with you." I said slowly and I saw the small smile begin to form on his lips. "Of course Bella." he smiled wider as he said the words and I nodded my head. I knew this was the right thing for Nessie... but I was still confused about me. "I still love you Edward." I bit my lip as my cheeks flushed brightly at my admission. "Bella... I..." "I know Edward... I know... and I think... I can finally move on from what happened." I swallowed and continued, "It's not going to be easy and I still have things that I need to work through... but I want... I want to try." I bit down on my lip a little bit harder this time, nervous about what I was about to do. "I will always love you Bella." he said firmly and then I did it, I shifted my body so that I could crush my lips against his, taking him by surprise as he realized what I was doing and he finally began to kiss me back. "Are you ready Love?" I turned and smiled at him to let him know I was almost ready, there was only one thing left for me to do. "Dad?" I nudged his shoulder playfully as I held Renesmee on my hip. The small smile he gave me did nothing to cover up the hurt on his face as I reached over and wrapped my arm around him, pulling me into my side in an unusual show of affection. "Love you Dad..." I could feel my eyes beginning to well up as Ness reached over and wrapped her arms around his neck, bringing herself over to him and holding tightly. "You sure you're ready Bells?" it wasn't the first time that he had asked me since he had found out that we were leaving again – it had taken Charlie more than a little while to come around to the fact that I had forgiven Edward. "Yeah Dad... I'm ready. It's time to put my family back together again. You know... there are police forces all over the country – you could always come with us you know..." It wasn't the first time I had put it out there and I knew already that he wasn't up for that, not yet at least. "I know Bells... Just do me a favor and don't shut me out again." His voice was almost pleading, but his eyes demanding and I knew I would never shut him out again, not after everything he had seen and helped us with. "I promise Dad... never again." The tears began to trickle down my cheek as I felt Edward come up behind me, his arm resting on my lower back as Renesmee continued to cling to my dad. "I'll miss you Grandpa." Her little voice squeaked out from his neck and my dad closed his eyes, holding her tighter against him as her hand came up and found his cheek. "You little miss, had better call me every day... understand?" He tried to make his voice light, but as he spoke it cracked and gave him away. She nodded her head and then pulled back again, reaching out towards Edward as I pulled my dad in for one last hug. "Thank you Dad... for everything." I whispered as he hugged me back. "Love you Bells – always have, always will." He choked out and then pulled back, reaching out quickly and shaking Edward's hand – muttering something about taking care of his girls before turning and returning inside to the house. "Come on Love," Edward kissed my forehead and wrapped his arm around me, leading me to his car as I turned my head and looked back at the familiar white house. As he helped Renesmee into her car seat and buckled her in, I got in the passenger seat and kept my eyes glued to the house. Just as we backed out of the driveway and began the drive towards our new home I saw one of the curtains in the living room pull back, my dad's face barely visible and my heart almost broke at his expression. A/N: I left the ending open on this as I do have a sequel already written although I'm unsure whether or not I will ever post it at this point.