man's eyes. Dammit Carlisle! Why did he have to mention the thirst before I got my chance to get to know this man? "Yeah, he needs to feed," Edward stated the obvious. Then for the first time my beautiful man spoke. Well, he roared. "FEED?! THIRST?! EXPLAIN WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO ME?!" he roared! "WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?! WHAT HAPPENED TO ME?! WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE?!" He was mad! No. He was FURIOUS! Just about as furious as I was at the intrusion of Edward and Carlisle. Didn't they have somewhere to be? I could see him began to tense. His hands balled into fist beside him. Rage taking over his emotions. Then he eyed me and just like that his stance soften and his posture relaxed. I became giddy again knowing I had this effect on him. I needed to get to know him. I flinted to his side and he flinched. Oops! I forgot he's still not use to all of this vampire stuff. I hope I don't set…what is his name? I need to know his name. What name does this burly man go by? Who was my beautiful man? "Look…" I began. Waiting for him to fill in the blank. "Emmett," he stated, looking at me with those deep piercing blood-red eyes. "Emmett," I murmured. Dazed by his beauty and his name. Such an exquisite name for an exquisite man. I wonder what he's thinking? I wonder how it feels to be in his arms? Being this close to…Emmett, I inhaled deeply. Dazed again by Emmett. I like how that rolls off my tongue. Emmett. Edward cleared his throat and Emmett looked at him confused. "Edward can hear thoughts," I informed Emmett without taking my eyes off of him. I loved being this close to him. I want to reach out and finally touch him. I wanted to feel his muscles. Emmett. Mmmm… "What?" stated Emmett. Confusion on his face. "Emmett," I began, "I have to tell you something. Promise me you will listen first before you react?" Emmett nodded his head but I doubt he heard what I said. I was barely aware of what I said. I was lost in his gaze again. Looking at his plump lips, wanting to place mine on his. Melting from the heat between us. Edward cleared his throat again, shaking me out of my thoughts and apparently Emmett's because he hissed towards Edward, resenting the intrusion. I couldn't agree more! "Believe me, I don't want to be in your head as much as you don't want me in your head," Edward stated as he shook his head trying to rid thoughts from his mind although I wasn't entirely sure if they were mine or Emmett's. "Emmett," I spoke his name again trying to get his attention, not daring to touch him in fear I would set him off or I would lose control. "You have been transformed." I stopped, letting this information sink in. Again I was lost in his eyes. Lust beginning to fill my eyes again. I wanted to kiss Emmett. I wanted to ravish his body and let him ravish mine. I had the strong urge to leap into his arms and let him have his way with me. Staring into his eyes I forgot where I was. I forgot who was around me. In this moment, nothing and no one else existed. It was just me and my beautiful burly man, Emmett. I could see a dimpled smile plastered on his face. It was getting hot again. I was slowly beginning to lean into him, not yet touching him. It was as if he was pulling me in and I did not have the will to resist. I did not want to resist! "Can someone other than Rosalie, explain this to Emmett please?" Edward hissed as he was pinching the bridge of his nose. I regained my composure and shook the daze out of my head. I had forgotten the mind reader in the room. Edward winced. Emmett smiled. I'm guessing Emmett was the source of Edward's unease. I wonder what he thought about that made Edward wince? Carlisle spoke up. "Emmett, you have been transformed. You are no longer human. Do you understand?" Carlisle spoke to him like he was a child and he resented that. Emmett hissed at Carlisle and I had the right mind to fling Carlisle across the room for speaking to Emmett in that tone! Emmett became tense again and I could literally feel his muscles began to coil. I could feel him. I looked down and we were not touching yet I could feel what he was feeling. His ego had been bruised and he resented that! I resented that! Just as he was getting ready to spring forward-and I for one was not going to stop him-Esme came to the rescue. I could feel the effect Esme's demeanor had on Emmett. Warm. Loving. Understanding. I could sense her presence having a calming effect on Emmett. "You have to fight through the haze, Emmett," Esme said in a loving voice that immediately calmed Emmett. "Emmett, dear, I know you are confused and frustrated but if you just listen to what we have to say, you will begin to understand what has happened to you and why it was necessary. Will you please listen, dear?" Esme was gentle and understanding. I could feel Emmett understanding Esme would not harm him. He could feel she was protective of him. Emmett moved to her side as she begin to explain what he had been transformed into. The atmosphere in the room was now calm and serene. It was almost motherly the way Esme handled Emmett. And that was deeply appreciated by both Emmett and I. With a sudden realization, my breath hitched. I had found my mate! So there you have it. Please review and I hope you enjoyed. All grammar and spelling mistakes are mine! Much Love...