almost embarrassed. I stood there for a whole two seconds before getting in his car. "Cold?" he asked as I cranked his heat on. I took my gloves off and put my hands in front of the vent. "I hate the cold," I told him as he chuckled. "My family and I went to New York once and them Yanks are crazy wantin' to be in that state in the winter," he told me as I stared at him. "I agree," I told him. "I'm so much a southern girl that I don't ever wanna move above the Mason Dixon line." After finding we had stuff in common, our conversation just flowed. Once we were at my house, I actually served him some sweet tea and we shared a bag of warmed-up, boiled peanuts like my momma sold at the flea market on Saturdays. Neither of us touched homework 'til my mom walked through the door. I laughed at the shocked look on her face seeing Edward Cullen at our kitchen table. "I think you should just let me copy your work," he said sweetly as I laughed. "No, I wanna help you. What do ya need help with exactly?" "Everything..." he said turning red in the face. "I have a learnin' disability." "Oh," was my not so intelligent response. "How ya you learn the best? Do ya need me to read to you or just break stuff down piece by piece?" "You gonna to tell anyone?" he asked looking scared, bless his heart. It was a look I had never seen in his face before, and I have been watching him for a whole year. "I wouldn't ever do that to you," I told him truthfully. For almost two hours, I helped him with his homework. He's really smart and I just didn't understand why he couldn't do well in class. When it was time for him to leave, he used the manners he was raised with calling my mother ma'am on his way out and kissing the back of my hand in thanks. I was happy with myself when I was able to keep myself standing. "Momma, I'm gonna marry that boy," I told her as she laughed and kissed my head. A week later, this new singer came out named Taylor Swift. Of course, I loved her music as soon as I heard it! After I got the CD, I was blown away how she wrote about my life. All I wanted after hearing her music was Edward even more. I wanted Our Song to become my reality. When Edward would come over to do homework, I would play her CD over and over. I even laughed when he would start to sing along. He really was the cutest. Two weeks later he declared me his best friend, but was dating Lauren, and I hated it. I cried so many nights. I hated crying over him, but I wanted to be more than friends. Two days after, I found Rose and Emmett making out three lockers down from Edward. I didn't understand relationships, and sometimes the more I watched, the more I didn't desire one. Although, when Edward would come around, and we talked, he was all I wanted. Maybe I was too young to truly understand, but I knew what I wanted. As the weather warmed, Edward and I spent more time together. We really were best friends. One night a bunch of us went down to the creek for a fire. It was so much fun! As it grew dark, Edward opened the tailgate of his truck, pulled back the tonneau cover, and I saw pillows and blankets. It was the coolest thing ever. "Wanna go watch the planes?" he asked me as I jumped up and down. "I haven't done that since I was a young'en!" Before I knew it, we were in the back of the truck waiting for the planes. I loved watching the stars. The quiet and the smell of the spring air together were perfect. I started to get cold, so I pulled one of the blankets over me. As I cuddled back down, Edward slipped his arm under my neck. "Is this okay? I know ya hate to be cold," he said as I turned my head to his. Just then I heard a plane. I looked up to the sky, then back to Edward. Smiling at him with excitement. That excitement grew when he leaned in to kiss me. "What was that for?" I asked like an idiot. He didn't answer me. He just shook his head and kissed me again. ~ END FLASHBACK ~ "Hey, baby doll, whatcha been doin' up here?" The love of my life asks as I sit up. "Readin' the last sentence in this," I tell him as he sits next to me. "I did it! He's mine and I ain't never lettin' him go," he reads out loud. "Ya always were a lil' crazy in high school." "Hey, if ya wouldda just followed your heart we'da been with each other so much sooner," I tell him with a kiss. "I'm just glad ya never gave up on me. I would have to say I just a douche bag in high school, I like myself so much more," he says kissing me even deeper. "Always humble, but I don't think you have changed that much. By the way, I was not horrible in high school. I just knew what I wanted and that scared you," I say kissing him again and again. "I love you so much and I can't wait for tomorrow." "I love ya, too," he says as we kiss again. "You can read more later. Come on, let's go practice getting' married. Then I think we should drink some beer." "Damn, ya know how to turn me on." With one last kiss we were out the door to start our new life as husband and wife. Thank you for reading!