after the film festival. She brought me dessert." "You mean dinner." "No, I mean dessert…" Rubbing his eyes, Edward felt like he'd had half of the beaches of California dumped into them. His whole crew has worked long hours to get a rough cut of his next movie ready for the studio execs, but they were all exhausted. He'd watched the results in his empty office twice now and was pretty sure he had something good. A knock sounded on his office door. Since everyone else left hours ago, he wondered what his assistant had forgotten that couldn't wait until tomorrow. "Will, what the hell are you doing back here?" The door opened and he saw Bella in a short trenchcoat and the sexist shoes he'd seen in real life – high, sparkly, and with a little ribbon that tied around her ankle. He sat back in his chair and licked his lips. Fuckin' hell, this looks like the beginning of a porno! "This is a surprise. How'd you get in here?" Bella smiled and sauntered over to his desk. "I asked…Will, was it?...to have the security guard open the front door for me so I could bring you dessert." Edward looked at her hands. "I don't see any dessert, baby." Rounding the desk, Bella untied her raincoat and dropped it to the floor. She was wearing a deep blue see-through bra and matching garter belt holding up silk stockings that ran into the sexy shoes, and nothing else. But it was the uncovered, newly-waxed pussy she was sporting that got his dick's attention. "Oh, I brought pie," Bella smiled as she brought one of her legs up between his, nudging her knee against his stiff cock. "You just have to tell me where you want me to set it down so you can eat it." Fuck, YES! It IS the beginning of a porno! Groaning, he ran his hands from her legs, up her sides, and down her back to cup her ass. Pulling her closer, he sat up in his chair and nipped at the middle of her bra. "Where's the best place to eat pie?" She grinned. "Flat surfaces are always good. Personally, I've got a thing for desks." Scooting Bella sideways so that she was centered on his desk, he opened the top left drawer. He used his right hand to push everything over to the left side of his desk, and his left hand to drag it down into the drawer. Slamming the drawer shut, he ran his hands back up her legs, then up her stomach to end up cupping her breasts, his thumbs sliding around and over the tips. "Now," he sighed, "where were we?" "You were hungry." "Yes, I was," he replied, running a hand behind her neck and pulling her mouth down to his. After serving up several deep kisses, he moved his hand around to rest over her one of her collarbones, and gently pushed her back onto his desk. Bringing both hands to her knees, he pushed them apart gently and places wet, sucking kisses up one leg. As he got closer to her pussy, she started to gasp, twisting underneath his hands. Scraping his 5 o'clock shadow against her other leg, he asks, "Are you ready to be eaten, pie?" Lifting her head to look at him, Bella huffs, "Fuck, yes!" ###finish scene### "I can't even work at my desk now. All I do is think of her hot little pussy on this desk." Quiet for a moment, Edward then adds, "Do you think you can fuck your dick off?" Holding in his laughter, Will responded. "I don't think you can. I tried once." "I haven't fucked this much since… I haven't fucked this much EVER. I need a break. What kind of a guy complains about all the fuckhot sex his girl is giving him? Cause it is, you know. FUCK...HOT." Will laughed. "You're not a machine, man. At some point you're allowed a night off." A feminine voice floated to them from the door. "Who needs a night off?" Edward's head fell to his hands as Will's smile increased. "Oh, hi, Bella!" Will called. "Damn it! She's here," Edward muttered. "I don't think I can fuck tonight." Trying not to laugh, Will turned to face Bella and said brightly, "I'm afraid your date got a bit wasted tonight. Looks like he's no good for dinner." Sighing, Bella replied, "I can see that. I guess I'll take him straight home. Did he drive today?" With a large grin, Will answered, "His keys would be in his pocket if he did. I could check, but that would be inappropriate." Nodding in agreement, Bella wound her way around Edward's desk and stood beside his chair. Running one hand through his hair, she used the other to pat down the outside of his pockets to determine which held his keys. After finding them, she went to pluck them out. Edward's head flopped back and hit the headrest of his chair. "I have a headache, Bella, can we not have sex tonight, please?" Bella's cheeks flushed as she tried not to laugh at his petulant tone. She glanced over at Will, who was nearly done in himself. "Okay, baby, no sex tonight. But I do need to get you home and in bed so you can sleep this off…" . . I owe jadsmama a Demetri POV, which I have mostly worked out in my head, but have just started to try and get on the computer. There's a possible Alice outtake also, but I haven't decided if I can write that one - it's out there. By the way, if you're in the US Midwest and are free the first weekend of November and want to meet up with some fellow Twi-fans in Indianapolis, contact me by PM or at JenJadeEyes at gmail dot com. I'm also on Twitter using the same name, so you can reach me there, too!