my hands tangled in his bronze hair as his tongue swept across my lips. He licked my bottom lip, asking for entrance, which I readily gave. My lips parted beneath his, and he plunged his tongue into my mouth as he pulled me hard against his body. A low groan escaped his mouth when his tongue stroked mine. The kiss went deeper and deeper until we were both lost in the passion of it all. That was until an annoyingly familiar voice interrupted our passion and brought me back to Earth with a bang. "Come on, lover boy," Jasper said. To be honest, I had forgotten all about him. Blushing, I looked down to hide my embarrassment, but Edward gently lifted my chin to meet his gaze. He placed a soft kiss against my cheek before leaning down to whisper in my ear. "That was just a taste of things to come when you become my wife." He winked and ran away before I could even think to respond. I didn't get back to sleep after that. I tossed and turned all night, replaying the kiss and his parting words over and over in my mind. I couldn't wait to see Edward again. Whether it be alcohol induced or not, he had declared his feelings. It was time I finally confessed mine. That was exactly what I intended to do, right up until the moment I spotted a rather sheepish looking Edward creeping up to the house. I had been so excited to see him, but one look at his face, and I felt my optimism dwindle. The small smile he sent my way did little to put me at ease. The silence was deafening and more worrying still. He looked embarrassed, ashamed, and he seemed reluctant to meet my eye. I thought for certain he had felt it too, but then I realized it was wishful thinking on my part. In the cold light of day, I could see he regretted kissing me. It was written all over his face, and his opening words confirmed my worst fears. "Bella, I'm so sorry about last night." Edward finally met my eyes. I wished he hadn't. The remorse and shame that filled them silenced any I intention I had of confessing my love to him. "I don't know what I was thinking turning up like that." He had now started rubbing the back of his neck furiously, and I struggled to keep my expression impassive as he continued to ramble on. "I don't know how much I had to drink, but it was enough. I hoped you would be at the dance, but when you didn't show, I kept drinking. I wanted to see you, so I decided to come to you. I don't know what I was thinking." I could see he was trying so hard to apologize, but all I felt was emptiness and anger, of which Edward bore the brunt. "Well, perhaps you should have thought about that before you came here and kissed me like that," I snapped. He looked taken aback, but Edward quickly recovered. "Bella, please," he started to say, but I'd heard enough, and I told him as much. "Don't you Bella me! How could you do this to me, Edward? I thought we were finally getting somewhere. You made me think you felt it too, but all you wanted was a cheap thrill. For all I know, you could make a habit out of kissing other girls when you've had a skinful." The venom in my voice seemed to silence him temporarily, but when he recovered, Edward made no attempt to hide his anger. "Now, you listen here, Bella. I meant everything I said last night. There's only ever been you. You've had my heart since I was sixteen years old. How can you doubt it?" He looked genuinely offended. I gasped, shocked at hearing him say aloud the words I longed to hear but feared I never would. "I didn't want to, but when you started apologizing, I thought for sure you regretted kissing me," I confessed, my voice breaking at the end. Edward took my face in his hands and looked at me with such sincerity that it startled me. "I could never regret kissing you, Bella. But it wasn't right, me coming over here and demanding it from you like that. It's a pretty lousy excuse, but the alcohol made me a lot braver than perhaps it should have. I know I have gone about this in completely the wrong way, but I love you, and if you could give me a chance, I will make you happy. I promise." By the time Edward came to the end of his declaration, I was close to tears, but I refused to let my emotions spoil this moment. "You already do. Can't you see how happy you make me? How much these last few months have meant to me? Every day, I would look forward to seeing you, and every time, I dreaded you leaving. I love you, Edward," I admitted, swallowing my nerves. It had been a long time coming, but Edward was definitely worth the wait. That was ten years ago now. Edward and I were married less than a month later. Our first child, Charlie, arrived the following summer, quickly followed by our second son, Benjamin. Next came our twins, Elizabeth and Marie. The arrival of our fifth child, Samuel, made us a family of 7. Not that Edward was happy to settle. He would have quite happily had as many children as possible, but I was more than happy with the family we had. We worked hard, but life had been good to us. And I couldn't ask for any more than that. AN: So what do you think at my first attempt at historical fic? I always intended this story to end here- hence the last paragraph. But who knows, another chapter may eventually follow! Me x