but finally answered. "Let's just say that my position allows access to certain individuals who could come in handy when necessary." "You mean bribery? Corruption?" I guessed. Edward nodded. "Have you killed anyone?" The question had been at the back of my mind ever since I realized who he was. "Yes. But they were hardly innocent," Edward justified. "How many?" "Do you really want to know? Trust me, it's better for you if you don't know all the details." "I suppose you're right," I agreed. Maybe it was best to stay in the dark about certain aspects of Edward's life. As I thought about everything he'd told me, I realized it made no difference in the way I felt about him. I knew it was too late for me. I had already fallen in love with him. I loved his height and strength. I even loved his dedication to his family. I loved everything about him. I wasn't totally naïve, though. I knew there were things about him that I didn't know and perhaps never would, but it didn't change the fact that I loved him anyway. "I have to ask…" I paused, unsure how to ask what I wanted to say. "After what I told you about Royce, he suddenly turned up dead a few days later. That's no coincidence, is it?" I watched Edward for any signs of guilt, but he gave nothing away. "It's what we do, Bella. I couldn't let him get away with what he did to Rose. He got what he deserved," Edward said, not a hint of remorse. "Does Carlisle know?" "I had to tell him. As head of this family but also as Rose's dad, he had the right to know. I didn't go into detail. That's her story to tell if and when she's ready. I just told him I knew Royce had hurt her." Though I knew Royce was an awful human being, I still couldn't help feeling a little guilty about the repercussions of my actions. As if he could sense my guilt, Edward was quick to reassure me. "Hey, don't go wasting your sympathy on that scumbag. He got what was coming to him. We protect our family, Bella. I won't apologize for that." "Do they know about baby too?" I asked. If Edward felt the need to tell them about Royce, what else had he told the family? "Of course not. That's Rosalie's news to share. Everything you told me that day is between the two of us," Edward assured me. "Oh." I was once again confused. "I saw the looks your family were giving me. All night, they were watching, waiting for me to slip up. I was certain they were in on it too. I felt like they were laughing at me!" I admitted. "They were laughing at me, not you. They could see I was attracted to you, and you were giving me the cold shoulder. They thought it was hilarious." "Well, how was I to know that? All night, I was on edge, worrying about what you were thinking and planning. How you were going to retaliate!" "Is that what you thought? That I was threatening you?" He seemed horrified at the suggestion. "I honestly didn't know what to think. I don't know what the rules are, Edward. The only thing I've got to go on is what I've seen in the movies, where people talk and they end up dead." "Bella, I'd never hurt you. You know that, right?" Edward seemed hurt by the suggestion. "I know that now. But at the time, I thought you were teasing me, what with all those funny looks and gestures. Then when you insisted on the Prosecco, I was sure you were trying to be funny." "I was trying to be nice," Edward explained. He blushed, which I found really adorable. I loved his softer side. "I can be nice when I want to be, Bella. Very nice." He was so close I could feel his breath on my lips, smell the delicious scent of his aftershave, and his eyes looked so dark and determined that I couldn't look anywhere else. Edward brought his lips to mine softly, not even a kiss but a brushing of lips. His mouth touched mine again but for a little longer this time. His hands grasped either side of my head, holding me close and kissing me deeply but still softly, licking my bottom lip, asking for entrance, which I readily gave. His tongue swirled inside my mouth. His lips found mine again and again, his kisses unhurried and much gentler than the kiss we had shared moments earlier. I realized he was showing me how he felt with that one kiss. "God, Bella, I have waited so long for you. Only for you," he mumbled against my neck as he placed warm kisses up and down the column of my throat before returning to my lips. The kiss went on endlessly, and yet it still wasn't enough. And while it would have been very easy to stay in Edward's arms, I realized we had been gone a long time. I tried to pull away, but then he kissed me again, and I forgot what I was going to say. Somehow, I managed to find the will to pull away from Edward. I buried my face in his neck for a moment, breathing in the wonderful scent of him. "We should stop," I warned. "Everyone will wonder what's keeping us." "Oh, I think they'll figure it out." Edward smirked. Tonight, I knew I'd taken an irrevocable step, one that I might someday regret, but right now, as he pulled me into his arms and once again lowered his mouth down to mine, I truly didn't care. AN: I hope you liked it:) If you did drop me a little review or add me on alert! Like I said the extended version of this one shot is on its way:)