just startled me, that's all," I lied. Jake smiled and ran his fingers down the side of my cheek. "I got you something." "Aw, Jake. You shouldn't have," I argued. "It was nothing," he lied. I knew how much he made and how much of that he gave to Billy to help afford their lifestyle. He was the only one out of us whose parents hadn't actually split. Miss Sarah died in a horrible car accident when Jake was just two. Rebecca and Rachel, his older sisters, were both going through college right now, something that was damn near running Billy broke. He needed Jake's help. So, when Jake reached into his back pocket and pulled out a small necklace that had a heart shaped pendant on the end of it, I almost couldn't accept it. "Jake, you shouldn't spend your money on me -" I started to complain. "I'll spend my money on what I want," Jake chastised. On the back of the silver heart, a bunch of letters were mixed and scrambled together. "Is this Quiluete?" "Of course," Jake teased. "It says 'I will always love you. You are my' - well - it's like my other half. There's really no direct translation. Like a soul mate but more of completeness kind of thing," he explained. I had to admit, it was such a tender thing for Jake to do. I was lucky to have him. "You think it's corny, don't you?" His face immediately dropped. "No, Jake," I whispered. "It's beautiful. I love it." Then, he flashed me that brilliant smile and wrapped the necklace around my neck. I brought my lips to his in the sweetest way, falling back on the bed and dragging him on top of me. "I love you, you know that right? You're my world, Bella," he whispered. "I love you too, Jake. You're my best friend," I replied. As our kissing grew more intense, I found his hands all over my skin, pressing and pulling at my clothes to get closer. His lips caressed the skin around my neck, his palms swept up to my breasts and his pelvis pushed into mine. I tried to feel turned on, tried to get into it, but I was having a the hardest fricking time, all things considered. I wasn't sure if I'd just cheated on him. I wasn't entirely sure what the fuck had just happened. How would I feel if he'd done that with someone else? With Tanya, of all people? Pissed? Jealous? Envious? All of the above? Jake's head coasted down my body and nestled at the spot in between my legs. He pulled my shorts off and fluttered tiny kisses down either side of my thighs. I literally shook with anxiety. I looked down and, suddenly, flashes of bronze hair flew through my head. "No. Stop," I announced. Jake perked up, startled and confused. He wrapped his hands around my thighs and pressed his forehead to my knee, giving me those adorable puppy dog eyes. "What's wrong, babe? I knew something was up with you. You always get this absent look when you've done something bad. What happened?" Jake smiled at me, filling me with this warm intensity. Like my own personal sunshine, he gave me that look and I melted like butter. How could I have done that to him? How could I have done that with Edward? God, even his name gave me goosebumps. I shook my head and climbed off the bed to walk to the open window. "You've got to remember to close this whenever you come in," I chided, sliding it closed quietly. I stared out the window to the dark house across the street. Edward was sitting outside on the porch swing, smoking a cigarette and peering right back at me. He took a long puff, waved my direction and then flicked his cigarette out into the street before standing to walk back into his house. I closed my blinds and turned back around to Jake. "You're giving up head because of an open window?" Jake asked with a laugh. I shrugged and walked back to the bed, climbing in behind him. "The neighbors are our best friends. We should be more considerate." Jake chuckled and pulled the wife beater over his head. "We can just go to sleep if you want," he suggested. "I'm actually pretty tired." He ruffled a pillow under his head and wrapped his arm around my shoulders, pulling me into his chest. Suddenly, I felt the need to prove myself, to believe that I hadn't done anything wrong. I had to prove that I still loved and adored Jake, above all others. It wasn't like I'd physically done anything with Edward - it was a mistake, a stupid loss of logic. I'd simply forgotten he was on the phone, right? We'd accidentally crashed into the lockers. That connection wasn't something intended or actually worthwhile - was it? Christ, how hard had he smashed me into those things? Did I bump my head or something? Jake was so amazing to me, for me, with me. I'd be stupid to throw this away. I swung a leg over him and straddled his waist, pulling my Rolling Stone's teeshirt over my head to reveal absolutely nothing underneath. Jake's hands immediately found my breasts while his cock twitched to life underneath me. "Are you sure?" he whispered. "Yeah, my dad's on night shift. He won't be home until five in the morning. I want you to fuck me," I murmured back, pressing my forehead to his. "Okay, you don't have to tell me twice." A/N: Thanks for reading and be sure to leave a review to let me know your favorite part. Be sure to check out my profile for a link to the "LVN Blog," where you can find a little more information about what inspired this story, my banners, Edward and Bella's Infinite Playlist and my thoughts on Courtly Love. :-)