council member's children that did not phase and others such as the local doctor that helped the pack when needed. Tonight's bonfire would be in honor of Brady and Collin, neither of whom Paul had met. Paul wasn't too bothered about not meeting the newest pack members. He knew he would eventually meet them. After all, they are pack brothers now. They would eventually cross path. The day of the bonfire, Paul kept himself busy by helping with the set up. He gathered the wood for the bonfire and bought it over to the beach. As he was taking the wood to the designated spot for the bonfire, he heard the soft sand being squished underneath footfalls as a person approached him. He thought he was alone on the beach but apparently someone must have been sent over to help him. He did not want any help. He liked carrying out his tasks alone. It gave him peace and quiet and time to be with his thoughts. He really did not want to have to bother with another person helping him. Small talk was not his thing and he was kind of getting upset that someone was sent to help him. He laid down the last of his cargo and turned to let whoever was approaching him know that he had just finished and he no longer needed their help. What happened next was the last thing he ever expected or wanted… BAM! Just as his eyes connected with the approaching figure, he suddenly felt gravity shift. It was no longer the earth holding him here. It was the person in front of him holding him to earth. All the ties that bound him to this earth, snipped away and reattached themselves to this person, becoming unbreakable, steel cables. MINE! He felt like he was being pulled towards that person. That person now had full control over him and for once he did not mind. The person in front of him now held his everything. MINE! He would be whatever they needed, whenever they needed him. He had an overwhelming desire to protect them while his wolf felt an overwhelming desire to possess them. MINE! Her liquid, chocolate brown eyes locked with his and held his gaze. Shivers ran down his spine. MINE! Both man and woman taking in each other. Without thinking, his feet begin to moved towards this woman in front of him. He was smiling from ear to ear, something he had not done in such a long time. His heart was beating against his ribcage, threatening to jump out as well as her heart beating out of her chest. She stood there and watched him approach her. She could not move her gaze from him. It was like he had this power over her and there was nothing she could do about it. There was nothing she wanted to do about it. She felt her heart being tugged towards him and the closer he got, the stronger the pull. He, too, felt his heart being tugged in her direction. MINE! He felt as if she was pulling him towards her. When he was finally in front of her, she could see he easily towered over her but she also noticed that her body seem to mold to his. A perfect fit. Like two pieces of a puzzle. He was not shy about approaching what was his. MINE! He wrapped his arms around her tiny waist and pulled her towards his massive frame. She was his as he was hers and he let her know it. MINE! His wolf barked and he couldn't agree more. He quickly engulfed her lips with his. She did not have the power to stop him. She did not want to stop him. Her sweet, sensual smell and taste of caramel and apples invaded his mouth. He could not get enough. He was addicted and he wanted more. So much more. He gently licked her bottom lip, asking for permission. She obliged him. His manly scent complimenting hers. His was of baked sweet apples and spice which was fully welcomed by her. She moaned into his mouth and his wolf growled in approval. He grabbed one of her thighs and hitched it around his waist. She jumped up and interlocked her legs on the small of his back. He supported her weight by grabbing onto her luscious round bottom, squeezing as his arousal increased. She entwined her fingers in his jet black hair, never losing contact with his mouth. MINE! Snarled his wolf as Paul deepened the kiss. They enjoyed each other for what seemed like a lifetime, neither one of them wanting to break contact but the need for air won out and they finally pulled back from each other. Paul placed lighter kisses on her swollen lips. They were left panting. She gazed into his blacken, lust filled eyes as she finally found her voice and whispered, "Hi Paul." He smiled at her, loving the way his name sounded when she said it. He kissed her again, softly this time before he pulled back and simply replied with love in his voice, "Hi Rachel." His heart had found a home and his soul had found his mate. MINE! He knew exactly what had transpired between them as his wolf confirmed his feeling for this woman in his arms. He had imprinted. The one thing he dreaded. The one thing that had ripped his friends from him. The one thing he swore would never happen to him. And now, with the love of his life securely engulfed in his arms, a smile on his lips, and contentment in his heart, only one thought crossed his mind before he kissed his woman again, fully accepting his fate with no regrets…stupid imprinting. There you have it... Hope it took your mind off of your troubles at least for a little bit. Now I need to get working on my other story! Much love...