second I laid eyes on her. Very rarely did a woman leave me speechless but she achieved it in 5 second flat. She was stunning but in a completely natural way. Her hair was long and rich brown, a stark contrast to her pale porcelain like skin and she had a lovely heart shaped face that made her appear youngish, perhaps in her early 20's. But it was her eyes that were most breathtaking, I was mesmerised as the warmest brown eyes gently probed mine. We seemed to hold each others gazes and an adorable blush lit up her entire face. "Trust me Edward Cullen is not gay," motor mouth sniggered besides her. I raised an amused eyebrow but immediately regretted it when she flushed even deeper and looked down at the table. I cursed my male pride for making her feel embarrassed and uncomfortable. Not wanting to appear too obvious or sleazy I begrudgingly looked away and fought the urge to look at her. I failed miserably and not 10 seconds later my gaze returned to her. I wasn't even discreet and blatantly stared across willing here to look up. She didn't but that only increased my interest in her. If anything I found her behaviour strangely amusing. She was deliberately avoiding looking at me, it was a shame the same couldn't be said for her neighbour who was fixated on me. But even that didn't halt my observations. I'm pretty sure she noticed too judging by her awkward shuffling and fidgeting. She was a very intriguing character and I found myself fascinated by her quirky mannerisms. Like the way she deliberately used her hair as a shield or the way she subconsciously bit her full bottom lip that I was trying not to focus on for too long. Evidently she was either very nervous or very clumsy. In the space of 5 minutes she managed to spill her coke, that coming after she had practically chocked on it when our eyes locked once more. Regardless I found her calamity strangely endearing and I had the unexplainable urge to protect her most likely from herself. Eventually when her cheeks cooled from the last mishap I was beyond rejuvenated when her gaze met mine, but again she looked away all too soon for my liking. I couldn't explain the disappointment I felt when I noticed she was leaving and begrudgingly watched on as she headed towards the door, but not without one final stumble. She really was a danger to herself. I smiled fondly when she chanced a sly glance across. I was half way to getting up and picking up her papers that had gone flying when another guy beat me to it. At that moment the green eyed monster in me surfaced at his obvious interest. Fair play to the guy I understood his attraction to her. But whilst I admired his courage for even attempting a shot at someone who was so obviously way out of his league it was more than a little uncomfortable watching him so openly drooling over her. I ran a hand through my hair and groaned in frustration. I was being ridiculous, immature and completely territorial. Worse still I was jealous. I didn't even know her but I knew I wanted to. Thankfully she seemed more embarrassed than interested in his attention. Her cheeks immediately reddened as she muttered a polite but uncomfortable thanks. I couldn't contain my wide smile at her less than enthusiastic response and had to bite the inside of my cheek to prevent my smile from turning into a smirk. It was inevitable as seconds later my delighted smile grew ridiculously wide when she offered me a shy glance on her way out! Maybe these places weren't so bad after all...... I stayed in the cafeteria until the majority of people had left before heading off in search of Emmett. But not before sending the blond kid a unimpressed stare on my way out. I was never usually this aggressive but there was something about him that infuriated me. Well not him exactly more his intentions towards a certain person. The journey home was pleasant and despite Emmett's banter I couldn't stop thinking over my time in the cafeteria. Even when I went to greet my mother and father I couldn't stop thinking about her the rest of the day. Throughout dinner I struggled to keep the ridiculous smile off my face, a fact that didn't go unnoticed by my observant mother who picked up on my distraction straight away. She eyed me curiously all night but waited until we finished dinner before beginning her questioning. "How has your day been? Anything interesting to tell me?" she asked expectantly. "Nothing new just the usual." I kept my voice level, attempting to downplay it. Unfortunately she knew me all too well and only looked more suspicious. "Your hiding something!" she suddenly accused. I never could get anything past her. "Mom its nothing," I tried to sound firm and determined but she saw right through me. She only eyed me curiously before a delighted smile lit up her face. "You've met someone!" She exclaimed, unable to keep the joy from her voice. "Mom,"I groaned cringing on the inside. I didn't say anything more, there was no point I was blushing and grinning like a total idiot, just from picturing her face. Whilst my mom sighed obviously content that she had her answer, I couldn't even bring myself to look at my father who sat sniggering in the corner. Thanks for that dad! When I finally drifted off to sleep it was with the image of the beautiful girl in mind, a vision I was desperately hoping to catch another glimpse of tomorrow. A/N: This is my first attempt at writing Edwards pov so please be kind! Its j ust a short chapter to test the waters. I really hope you like it :| Review if you do :) Me x