strong enough to beat anyone. I promise." Holly let go of Lilly and the other girl fell to the ground like a doll. Holly pulled back her fist to hit me as she moved forward. I stood still, waiting for the impact that I wasn't going to evade. Just as her fist started forward, Chrys tackled her to the ground, "Let me go!" She growled, and tried to reach any part of his skin that she could. My Mate was a bear, much stronger than her in any form, and he knew what he was doing. He tried to sooth her. "Holly, calm. You don't want to hurt anyone. Calm." I joined my husband and pinned her head in my lap, brushing stray strands of black hair from her face, "You're not doing it right, my love." I pressed my lips to her forehead and opened a vein in my Mates wrist with the tiny knife I carried with me at all times. Holly's body stilled nearly instantly, and she grabbed his wrist to lick the blood up that was welling to the surface. His blood would satisfy her for now, but she'd be searching for her own Mate before long. Chrys let her go when she'd had enough to calm down, and she gripped my hands and pulled herself into my lap. I continued to brush her hair with my fingers as she started to bawl. "Hush, Holly, hush. It'll be okay." My husband's hand joined mine on our adoptive daughter's head, "I'm glad we're leaving soon. She can't take much more." I nodded and after a few moments, Holly had fallen asleep. He picked her up, "I'll take her to the entrance hall. Meet me there as soon as you can with everyone else." I nodded tersely and helped my mate adjust our sixteen year-old in his arms. Lilly was lying unconscious on the grass. She was a wolf, and therefore far more dense than she looked. I would struggle to carry her that far, "Take Lilly too?" Chrys scowled, but nodded, "Sure." I smiled, walking away, "I'll have Oliver pack for her." Amazingly the boy didn't fight me, he'd felt his twin's pain. He panicked a little when we all entered the entrance hall fifteen minutes later and he saw the bruises in the shape of their sister's hands on her neck. He hadn't thought that someone had actually tried to strangle his twin. My Mate shut him down quickly enough, and Gerry held her tongue. Gerry, although the youngest, was by far the most mature and intelligent of my children. It was disconcerting to look into her violet eyes; they had an all-seeing edge to them. Sometimes, I felt like she knew all my secrets. She never said a word though. Gentility ran in her blood as well as in her name, Geranium. Before I could ask her to, she walked to her still unconscious sister and placed her small hands over the purple hand marks on Lilly's neck. I smiled, when she pulled away, and not a mark was left on her sister's pale, thin neck. Chrys came from behind again and wrapped his arms around my waist, "Anna, we need to leave, unless you want to deal with my mother coming out here and skinning our butts for me trying to take you away. They really do adore you." I giggled and he kissed my neck, "I'm glad I was the first girl you fancied, your parents don't know what they're missing. Better for me, I get to be a queen." What a lie that was. "You're the only on I'd have, Anemone." I cringed at the name I had adopted when I had arrived at the castle for the first time. "Oh, don't call me that. It's Anna." "It's your name." "Blame my mother, Chrysanthemum." I stuck my tongue out at him. Nigel cleared his throat, "Could you perhaps not flirt and let us get on our way?" Chrys sighed, letting his body slump against mine, "I guess, but how do you think you lot came along?" All of our conscious children groaned, except for Gerry. She did, however, wrinkle her nose in disgust. I shrugged Chrys off and hoisted my youngest up onto my hip, "Are you ready to go?" She nodded and I elbowed Chrys in the ribs. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. A few seconds later, my family and I had switched worlds. A collective breath was taken as a reaction to the subtle pressure change. Lilly and Holly moaned. I'd assumed the pressure change would wake them. Their eyes opened. Lilly's gray eyes were fully dilated, some of the blood vessels had popped, "What the hell was that, Holly?" Holly blinked in the sunlight that was streaming through the tree canopy, her still bloodshot eyes hypersensitive, "I'm not sure? God, did I attack you?" She started gasping in horror and panic, but Gerry hugged her, easing the pain in her body from the pressure change as well as from her Transformation. Becoming an adult was never easy. Lilly rubbed her own neck, where the mark of Holly's hands should have been, "I don't remember. Really, I'm fine though thanks for asking." Holly snorted. "You sure sound fine, smart ass." Lilly grinned, "It's a quality. You're just jealous." Holly rolled her eyes at her. Chrys coughed to silence our children, "Well, guys, welcome to our new home for the next few months. Forks, Washington." So if you read the first version, you'll notice that I'm not hiding Anna's unsavory character at all! The first major change of many! I'll have Chapter One up sometime tomorrow! Chapter title is When Love Gets a Hold of You from a song by Reba McEntire. This chapter title was from Taylor Swift! Chapters should come pretty regularly, seeing as I'm editing, not reinventing the wheel, so please join me on this fun (Much less confusing than the original) ride! -Jenn