tips of her ears, the tip of her tail, and her left front paw. These places were russet in color, the same russet as the alpha wolf. Her eyes went from hazel to chocolate brown as her spirit settled within Nessie. She stood up and shook out her fur. She took in her surrounding and then her gaze landed on the russet wolf. She trotted over to him and stood facing him. She sniffed him and tilted her head, taking in the sight of him. He licked her mouth and affectionately took her muzzle into his mouth, gently biting down. He stood up and rubbed against her body as she rubbed against his. Soft whines could be heard from both wolves. Both the alpha and his female alpha threw back their head with their ears plastered back, and howled together. Their pack joined in. Every pack member took their place behind their alpha. The russet wolf rubbed against her body again while growling in appreciation, circled her, then sat beside her wrapping his tail around her body. Their pack came forward and greeted their female alpha. Each wolf whined. They had all missed her when they left the spirit world. This was a new experience for them all. They were usually reunited when their human host decided to stop phasing, essentially releasing the wolf back into the spirit world or when they met their unfortunate end. She licked their muzzles affectionately and they all settled down. After being reunited with each pack member, the wolves settled back into their humans. The boys came back to their conscious. Nessie?(Jacob) Yeah, it's me. She pranced in a circle trying to get a look at herself. She looked like she was chasing her tail. Wow! Look at me Jacob! Yeah I see you. You are breath taking! Holy shit! (Quil) Is this for real? (Brady/Collin) You have got to be kidding me!(Jared) This is so cool! (Quil) Quil approached her to get a better look. He circled her and she pawed at him playfully. Jacob growled a warning towards Quil. Welcome to the pack! (Seth) Thanks Seth! Wow! I'm still trying to wrap my head around this! Seth and Nessie's wolf begin to play in the meadow like pups. She was so happy. How is this even possible?(Caleb) Our wolves seem to know your wolf. She smells familiar for some reason. (Sam) Jacob nodded. His eyes never leaving Nessie. This is good and all but how are we going to get her to phase back and how the hell did she phase to begin with? (Leah) The wolves looked at each other and were unaware of how Nessie became a wolf in the first place. Their wolf spirit had taken control and left the boys with no memories of how Nessie phased into a wolf. We can teach her how to phase back. Nessie, baby, try to phase back to human. You need to concentrate and think about how it feels to be human. What it is like to walk on two legs. (Jacob) Okay. Let me try. Wait! Guys let's give her… Jacob stopped mid-sentence as he and the pack watch the snow white wolf become enveloped by a white mist. When the mist cleared, there stood Nessie…fully dressed. Their jaws hung open. Well fuck! Why can't we phase that way?(Brady) Jake, how is this even possible? (Sam) I'm not sure Sam. "Wow! You guys! Did you see that?" Nessie gushed. Jacob phased back to human and stood before her in all his naked glory. Amazement dancing in his eyes. "Wow, Nessie! That was incredible! You did that with such grace! I have never seen this before. I'm just…wow!" Jacob hugged her close to him and then pulled her in for a kiss. He felt like he had fallen in love with her all over again. The pack phased back, one by one. "Why can't we phase and keep our clothes like Ness!" Collin whined. Jacob growled his way. "Can you phase back to wolf? I mean, anger works for us. We don't even know what will work for you?" Jacob wondered. "Want me to pissed you off?" Paul offered. Nessie scoffed at him and rolled her eyes. "Let me try this," Nessie stated. Everyone stood back and waited for Nessie to phase. She stood there wondering what she had to do. Did she think wolf? Did she think of something that would anger her? She wasn't sure what to do. She almost panicked thinking she may never be able to phase back into her wolf form and somehow this thought sadden her. "Baby, are you okay?" Jacob asked. She wasn't sure. "Ness, don't try. Just be." She thought about it. Just be. Just be. Hmmm…just be. She took a deep breath and closed her eyes. She stood there and let her inner wolf come out and just like that, the mysterious mist enveloped her again and she phased into her wolf. "I'm officially jealous!" (Quil). Jacob hit him upside the back of his head. "Ouch! What? You gotta admit! That was fucking cool!" Quil whined as he rubbed the back of his head. Nessie trotted over to Jacob and licked his hand. He reached out and scratched behind her ear. She purred with delight. "Yeah, feels good right? I know the feeling, baby!" Nessie trotted away and then phased back. She was so excited and ran up to Jacob. He caught her in his powerful arms as she jumped up. She wrapped her legs around his waist and her arms around his neck before leaning in for a passionate kiss. "You are amazing! I love you." Jacob stated. "I love you too," Nessie replied. "BONFIRE!" the pack shouted in unison. Everyone knew they had to celebrate and welcome a new pack member. Seth needed to write this into their legends. New stories would be told of the day the female alpha, Nessie, became a full fledge member of the Quileute pack.