when the thirst was caused because of the gift you're thirst was stronger and burned more than a regular thirst. I could imagine that she was probably trying to find an antelope or bear right now to soothe the fiery, hot flames licking her throat, so she texted in a more hasty manor than usual. I was thankful that she didn't, since I really didn't want to launch into a full-on explanation about me and Leah. Tucking my iPhone 7 into my pocket, I realized that it was a good thing I wasn't going in wolf form, I did not want this outfit ruined. I was wearing this shirt Edward got my for my birthday last year from this band we both really liked, plus I was running out of jeans. The one really sucky thing about being in wolf form is that when you transform, you shred whatever you're wearing a completely ruin it, and since I transform very frequently, you can image that I don't have a big wardrobe. Eventually, I learned to just buy a bunch of blank white shirts that I wouldn't mind losing, or first get undressed than change. Except, the only problem with that was changing in the forest was just... weird. I constantly have to look over my shoulders in case a person passes by and might see me naked in the forest. On top of that concern, I then need to hide my clothes in a safe place and pray some random homeless person wandering through the forest wouldn't go and steal them. So far, when I've done that I've been lucky enough to have none of those things happen to me... yet . That doesn't mean I'm still not extremely on my guard whenever I change in the forest, and I just feel really weird about changing in the forest... savage and like a wild animal . Although, technically I was half wolf so I was , but that still didn't make it any less weird, because I was also half human. As I fumbled with my keys, I was realizing that maybe I should change my name from Jacob Black to Jacob Cullen. I didn't live under my dad's roof anymore so I didn't see him that often anymore, my sisters were finishing college, Rebecca was going to finish her education here because Paul imprinted on her. Even though Rebecca was actually in Forks, I didn't get a lot of quality brother/sister time with her anyways because she was either in school or hanging out with Paul. I was with the Cullen family every single day, the wolves and I ate meals with them every day, and after Nessie's first birthday (well technically third, because she already looked like she was three) the Cullens decided that since it was probably such a drag going from Forks to La Push constantly, that we could stay with them. So last year, they hired construction guys to expand their home to make three extra rooms just for us. They were an extremely rich family, but still I could imagine that that wasn't cheap even for them. Seth, Leah, and I were extremely flattered that they'd do it for us, and when we thanked them they said, "Don't mention it you're a part of our family." Even though I'd occasionally come back to sleep under my dad's roof just for old time sake, and Seth did the same with Sue, every night we'd sleep in the Cullen house. We pretty much moved all our stuff from our old house to our rooms, so it was more of my dad's house being a second home, and not the other way around, as weird as it may seem. I really liked this arrangement since I could be around Nessie all the time, although Bella, Edward, and I did have a debate about which room she should sleep in, until finally Carli hired more construction and Nessie had a room of her own. Bella moved into Edward's room, she didn't want Carli and Esme to spend too much money on her, even though she was like their they've already done so much for me as it is, giving me a wonderful family and a good life, anything else they'd do for me would just put us even more out of balance , typical Bella. Seth, Leah, and I even had our cars in their garage, so Edward finally just made all of us copies of the key because we'd constantly ask him or a Cullen for keys so eventually he just said this is as much of your garage as it is ours, I'll make you guys your owns keys so you can have as much access to the garage as we do. As I opened the garage with the keys Edward made me and revved the engine of the Volvo, I saw a Ditty Bops CD on the passenger's seat. I chuckled, I couldn't believe Bella still listened to that band, they were so old. I thought of Bella, when she didn't think I was listening, I would hear her from her room singing along to a Ditty Bops song, and even though I didn't particularly like the band, her voice sounded like the voice of an angel. I thought of my best friend as I took the CD and played one of her favorite songs from the CD called, "Bye, bye, love." The music started playing as I drove down to La Push bye, bye love. Bye, bye, happiness, hello emptiness. I think I'm going to cry. Good bye my love goodbye. A tear rolled down my check as I thought of Bella, Nessie, and the Cullens. If they left Forks, I didn't know what I'd do. I began to wonder if Jacob Cullen would go back to being Jacob Black, with not much as a family or a life. Bye, bye, Cullens. Hello misery. I think I'm going to cry. Goodbye my Cullens goodbye.