at least 15 minutes. They should have called by now! I'm never going to get my brownies at this rate!" "I have a suspicion," Embry said with the same annoying all knowing voice he'd had all afternoon. Quil was going to need to challenge him to some video games when they were done with this, just so he could restore equilibrium by kicking his ass at something. The two boys moved back through the woods towards the beach where they saw their other best friend totally making out with the girl of his dreams. The boys high fived. "So should we interrupt them?" Quil asked. Embry shrugged. "Let's give it a few more minutes. See if they notice we're standing here." Bella and Jacob had no idea that their friends were standing a mere 30 feet away. In fact things might have gone on the way they were for much longer if Bella hadn't gotten overzealous and decided that she had to nibble Jake's earlobe (where she'd found another freckle!) and accidentally pulled their hair. The sudden pain surprised both of them enough to stop kissing and look one another in the eyes again. Jake was worried Bella would panic, but she surprised him again by smiling at him and then leaning in to kiss him again. She picked up the phone from next to them on the blanket. They were surprised to hear the ring coming from right nearby. Jake jerked his head toward the sound and again they both yelped in pain. "Dammit, Embry!" Jake groused. Quil laughed and teased as Embry made his way to the blanket and began quickly loosening all the braids. When he finally had them undone and Bella and Jake were able to sit up independent of one another, Jake took off down the beach chasing Quil who was chanting about "Jacob and Bella sitting on the beach! K-I-S-S-I-N-G!" Bella was trying to tame her now wild hair by combing her fingers through all the kinks leftover from the tight braids. "Embry?" "Yes, Bella?" "Do you listen to NPR?" "As a matter of fact I do," he smiled knowingly. "Right after National Native News each week?" "Wouldn't miss it. It's important to keep up on the news within the Native American and First Nations Communities," Embry replied coyly. "Isn't it just?" Bella deadpanned back to him. The two sat watching the other two boys run and tackle one another like overgrown puppies. "Embry?" "Yes, Bella?" "I'll be providing you with weekly brownies for life," she smiled. "Or at least until Jake gets sick of me," she added quietly with her smile fading. "He won't. He's yours now. To love or break. But yours all the same." Bella looked at Embry Call long and hard. He looked back at her. "Be good to him," was all he said. Just then they heard a whoop and Bella looked up to see Jake getting up from having pinned Quil to the ground. He had a look of complete and utter joy on his face as he moved back towards Bella Swan, keeping his eyes directly on hers. "I will," Embry heard her say quietly just for him. It sounded like a vow. And with that promise she stood from the blanket, and with her eyes locked on Jacob's she moved towards him and Jacob towards her until the two best friends were once again wrapped in one another's arms. "We should try all that again without being trapped," Bella whispered. "I need to spend a little time getting to know your earlobe." "Yeah?" Jacob looked at her with his eyes all lit up like a little kid's on Christmas morning. He didn't know that an earlobe could be enticing to a girl, but he was totally willing to go with it. "Yeah. I'll grab the blanket. Let's head back to the garage." "Okay!" Jacob yelled as he swept Bella up off her feet and ran her over to the blanket. Embry stood up so they could collect the blanket and after helping Bella shake off the dirt and fold it up, Jacob turned to his friend and shook his hand. Bella was wrapped in a big hug by Quil who was welcoming her to the family. "Dude, if this had gone any other way, you'd have a couple bruises already from my fists. But this? Thank you," Jacob said quietly. "I don't know how you knew, but- Well, anyway, thanks." And with that Jacob shook Embry's hand again, turned and extricated Bella from Quil's grasp, and led her up the path away from the beach and towards his home. "Bella said we'd get our food tomorrow," Quil said as he loped over to Embry. "Don't forget you owe me garlic bread," Embry reminded his friend. "No problem. Let's go play video games at my house before dinner." Quil really needed to beat somebody at something. It had been a weird afternoon. But his friends seemed happy and he was going to be getting delicious food cooked just for him (okay, and Embry, cooked by a hot girl (who happened to belong to Jake now). Still, all in all, Quil thought the day had gone pretty well despite the weirdness. "Bella Black has a nice ring to it, don't you think?" Embry asked as they walked towards the house. "Yeah, I guess. Whatever. We're 16. It's not like Jake is thinking about marriage," Quil joked. Embry snorted. "Dude, you need to spend some more time with my Grandpa. If you're going to keep doing this mystical crap, you ought to at least have the title to go with," Quil joked. "Maybe another time. Right now, there is some Halo calling my name!" Embry said, sounding like a normal teenager again. They walked into the house, said hello to Quil's Mom, and grabbed food before heading over to the TV. Quil tossed his friend a game controller, prepared for battle, and totally kicked Embry's ass at video games.