can know say that I wanted to be the ass end of a Marlboro light! "You'll learn all my secrets in due time darlin'!" Ok, if you say so. "Can I have that back?" I ask him still gawking at his perfect lips. "How bad do you want it Bella?" he asks in a low seductive tone. Well fucker two can play that game. I undo my seat belt so I can crawl half way over the console and lean my face really close to his as I trail my index finger down his chest slowly; not taking my eyes from his lips so I have no clue if he is still watching the road, god I hope so! I slide the tip of my nose across he's jaw as my hand reaches his…Oh my god it just twitched in my hand and fuck me he's huge! I try to remember that I want my cigarette not his dick, yeah that's debatable now! Fuck, focus Bella. I finally move my hand to his arm that is resting on his thigh and just as I reach my smoke; I nibble on the skin just under his ear before pulling away and leaning back in my seat with a smile on my face and my cigarette pressed between my grinning lips. "It's my last one, so pretty fucking badly." I wink at him. "But it was really fun getting it back so feel free to snatch my last cigarette anytime you want!" I giggle as he adjusts that delicious erection of his. "You are evil" he growls and I nod! "You have no idea baby." After and whole two days of riding flirting in a truck; only stopping for food or bathroom breaks for me and gas for the truck I give in and passed out or maybe Jasper got tired of begging me to sleep and drugged me; it's hard to tell because I always feel drugged right before I fall asleep and I always wake up with a headache. I'm weird like that and insomnia is a bitch! There is something strange about the man next to me; he never eats, drinks, sleeps and he hasn't even stop to taken a piss. His skin is cold and hard and don't even get me started on those eyes. When he took me they were golden and all day yesterday they were black. "Where are we Jasper?" I groan as I lift the back of my seat up. "Somewhere between bumfucked and you got a purdy mouth." He tells me in his southern drawl and I can't help it; I begin to laugh my ass off. "What the hell was that?" I gasp out. I notice he is wearing sunglasses and he looks damn hot in them. Jasper just smiles at me. "I have no clue as to what made me say that. Maybe it's all these damn trees, swamps, gator signs and absolutely no sign of human life. Fucking Peter; dragging my ass out in the middle of nowhere!" "Ok I'll bite, whose Peter?" I turn in my seat. "And are we fucking close because I need a shower and I'm sick of small town dinners. At least you stopped and bought me a carton of Marlboro's and a toothbrush. My OCD is killing me Jasper." I groan then grin at the sexy cowboy that is growing on me. "Thanks for the smokes and toothbrush Jasper!" See, I can be grateful! "We are near Franklin Louisiana and Peter is my…friend; you'll love him and I know that he will just adore your crazy ass. We're almost there so hold your horse's woman!" He grabs my hand and brings it to his lips. "And you are most welcome darlin'" Jasper and I have gotten rather close since he snatched me so yes I would rather be hear than back in Forks getting hit on by a bunch mama's boy's. "Here we are darlin'" Jasper pulls down a long dirt driveway that is covered on both sides by an array of hanging moss trees; it's beautiful. Two minutes later a huge old fashion plantation home comes into view. "Holy shit, how many people live here?" I turn to Jasper and gasp. Not because he is not in the driver seat anymore and not because he has manage to open my door and pull me from the truck; oh no, it's because his eye are fucking red, like blood red. "What are you?" "To answer your first question it's just you" he kisses me softly and I come close to forgetting about his eyes. "Me" he nibbles on my jaw and I feel his teeth scraping lightly across my skin. "And our mate Peter." I feel him begin to suck and nip at my pulse point. "I see you couldn't wait for me." Jasper doesn't move or stop is assault on my neck as I turn my head to see a man that is just as gorgeous as Jasper; same blond hair but much shorter and his eyes are red as well. He smiles as caresses my cheek in a strange loving manner. "Sorry darlin' this is gonna hurt!" he says just as he leans down and bites my neck and I feel the same painful sensation on the other side. Those two fuckers just bit me! That's the last thought that passes through my mind before I begin to feel as if my entire body is being burned alive and an earth shattering scream surrounds us as I feel myself being laid down on something soft. Shit was that me screaming? I feel two cool bodies beside me holding me and I hear Jasper's deep voice in my ear. "Just three days baby, then you can kick our asses all over this plantation for hurting you!" -Ok I thank I might be able to pull off three or four chapter for this one but don't hold me to that- FOLLOW, FAVORITE AND REVIEW