being together anymore I want to jump for joy. I wanted to go find him as soon as possible and tell him how I felt, and still feel about him. When She told me of Rosalie and Edwards affair I actually laughed then thanked her for being honest with me. She wasn't surprised of my reaction because she saw that I wouldn't take Edward back. Alice also gave me knowing looks any time she said his name. So, I honestly think that she knows of my feelings for Emmett. I'm jolted back to the myself when the plane comes to a stop on the runway. As soon as the disembark sigh came on, I jumped from my seat and began walking towards the exit with Alice next to me and Edward sulking behind us. "Come on, the family is waiting on us in the terminal." Alice hooks her tiny arm in mine and pulls me out of the plane faster. "I'm so excited to see my Jazzy." God, I missed my pixie sister. I just laugh at her excitement and move my legs faster because I'm really excited to see everyone as well. "Bella boo!" My smile widens when I hear that booming voice that I have been wanting to hear for so long. My heart rate picks up as I look around and when I see his hulking body and his gorgeous face I take off running towards him at full speed. His smile grows the closer I get and when I finally reach him I jump into his arms and wrap my legs around his thick body, hugging him to me as tight as I can, letting the tears fall freely. "Don't you ever leave me like that again, Em." I cry into his neck. Oh god, he smells so good. I shiver when I feel one of Emmett's hands on my back and the other gripping my thigh as he hugs me tightly to his sexy body. I feel his soft yet hard, cold lips pressed to the skin just under my ear. "I've missed you so much, Isabella." Oh, that voice. The way that he said my full name, and the way that he's holding me has my body on fire. I think even I can smell my arousal at this point. "You smell so good." Holy shit he just moaned in my ear. Does he want me as much as I want him? God, I really fucking hope so… I turn to look at Edward when I hear him growling and staring at Emmett with so much hate as Esme hugs him. I roll my eye and turn back to Emmett with a bright smile just for him. I lean my head up so that I can look Emmett in the eyes. "I've missed you too." I turn and look at Carlisle, Esme, and Jasper. "I've missed you all, so much." I feel Emmett press his lips to my neck just before he sets me back on my feet. I look up at him and grin before I turn back to the rest of the family. Esme and Carlisle move towards me quickly then sandwich me between them as they hug me tightly. "Oh god, please forgive us for listening to Edward and leaving you like that. You are and always will be my daughter; my baby girl, and I am so damn sorry for listening to Edward." Esme sobs as she hugs me tighter. "I will spend the rest of eternity making it up to, sweetheart." "Yes Bella, please forgive us for leaving you like that?" Carlisle runs his hand over my hair in a fatherly way. "I can understand why you didn't call us after we left, but please my daughter, will you give us a chance to make it up to you?" "I forgive you. I love you all so much and I would have called but I didn't have your new numbers." I look up at Edward and the look on his face is such a guilty look. What did he do? I didn't have to wait long to find out… "I put all our new numbers in the letters that we all wrote you. Edward was suppose to give you our letters before he ended things with you." Carlisle looks over at Edward with a look of disappointment clear as day on his handsome face while Alice begins to mutter 'why didn't I see that shit?' over and over again. "Nope, all I got when he left was lost in the woods for nearly twenty two hours and hypothermia because he thought it would be a good idea to take me out about a mile behind my house to call me a pet then dump me like yesterdays trash, then leave me there to die." I glare at Edward just as everyone growls at him. "And you wonder why I won't take you back." I shake my head in disgust. Emmett tries to step forward to, no doubt, beat Edwards ass, but Carlisle holds him back. "Alright children, lets get back to the house and we'll get to the bottom of all this." Carlisle says quietly before motioning us out of the airport. As we all start to follow Carlisle, Edward moves to walk next to me but before he can get anywhere near me Emmett throws his arm over my shoulder and growls at Edward. "Back off asshole. Oh, and I hope you're ready for the ass whooping that you've earned." Emmett growls at Edward just as Alice laces her arm through mine on my other side. "You will never hurt her again. I'll make damn sure of that." Oh god in heaven above. Angry Emmett is a very, very sexy Emmett. I look over at Jasper when I hear him chuckle. "What?" "Nothing darlin, just tone down those emotions, will ya?" Oh god, I forgot he is an empath. "Sorry, Jazz." And cue the blushing… … Stay tuned