so long. The gashes are still open, but I believe I will be able to carry her momentarily. Even at a slow run I should be able to get her to my home in just over an hour, I only hope we will be able to get her medical treatment in time. I will not be able to take her myself looking as I do currently, and there are few others I would trust with the task. Wincing, I pulled her tiny frame into my arms and made my way out of the cave. I was amazed at how potent her blood was. I should have needed twice the amount she gave to reach this level of healing. 'She would have great potential as an immortal' my mind whispered. Such powerful blood usually indicated a high likelihood of creating a 'gifted' vampire, though there are exceptions to the rule. I should know, I am one such exception. With as much speed as I was able I ran with her body cradled securely to my damaged chest, the pain from the contact rendered inconsequential by my need to see her well again. We arrived at my home just as the sun was setting and she still hasn't regained consciousness. Her heart was beating more quickly than was normal for her, and her skin had a clammy feel to it. With no thought to the scene I would cause I ran directly to the front gate which was thrown open at my arrival. "Master!", the guard exclaimed, "you're injured!" Not slowing, I flew down the familiar corridors, passing a few more gaping faces until I reached the massive wooden doors that would lead me to my brothers. Bursting in and panting from my exertion in such a weakened state, I thoroughly shocked my brothers who were instantly at my side. Aro gasped after touching my hand. "I will take her myself brother," he said quickly." Finish your healing and join us at the hospital when you are able." Knowing that he would get her the best medical help available, I gave in and crashed to my knees from the physical and emotional burden of the last few hours. "Come, let us get you fed," Marcus said as he took my arm to help me to my feet. "You will soon be well again." In the shower, after my feeding, I watched as the last of the gashes closed and faded. A vampire would still see the marks but they would not be noticeable to humans. I could now rejoin my angel. I was anxious to see to her condition. The trip to the hospital took only a few minutes, and once inside I was able to track her to her room. "You look much better brother. If I had not seen for myself what you have been through this past week I don't know that I would have believed you." Aro glanced at my angel, "she is a fascinating creature, is she not?" "Indeed she is," I replied. "She intrigues me." "In this you are not alone, brother. I have yet to tell you of a fascinating discovery I have made about your little friend here." "What is it?" I snapped, jealous that he know something of her that I did not. "Peace, brother. It was not my intention to rile you. I think you will be astonished to hear that I cannot see into this young lady's mind." "Truly?" Aro's smile almost split his face as he replied, "not one little peek." He is right. I am astonished. Never before in our thousands of years have we come across anyone who capable of thwarting Aro's gift, no vampire, and certainly not a human. "She will make a stunning immortal." He added offhandedly. "If she wants to be changed I will change her, but if she does not, she will not be forced. I will assume full responsibility for her." "She's softened a heart of stone" he whispered still watching her sleep. "Tell me what has been done for her" I demanded of my brother, uncomfortable with discussing the strange feelings I have begun to associate with the, still too pale, woman lying in a stark white hospital bed. "Well, to begin with, they have given her blood to replace what she lost, when she 'fell and cut her wrist', and they are also giving her fluids. I was told she is most likely tired from the strain on her body and will awake on her own in a few hours." "Thank you, brother, for seeing to her when I could not." I was ridiculously grateful that she would be well soon. "I wonder of her voice could be restored?" "I have no way of knowing, the damage was obviously extensive. If you like, I will call Carlisle. He could perhaps give us a realistic medical assessment without personally having to deal with too many 'outside' humans." I thought about his suggestion for a few moments. I would love to be able to do something for her after all she risked to aid me in my time of need. Venom would certainly heal her, but I wanted to present her with options. "Yes, call him." I decided. "Very well, I will see you both tomorrow." With that he rose and left me with my tiny warrior. Two hours later she began to stir. Her eyes flew open wide when she realized he was in an unfamiliar setting. "All is well, il mio angelo" I reassured her from the chair I had pulled close to her bed. Her soft brown eyes found mine and she slowly raised her hand to trace the path across my cheek where a terrible gash had been just that morning. "You cared for me, and now I will care for you. Rest, little warrior, the doctor days you can leave in the morning." She gave me a sweet smile, nodded her head and drifted back off to sleep.