dare talk to my mate like that you conniving little bitch!" Rose growl and crosses her arms then turn to me. "That's right, Edward didn't want to touch you so he came to me…" "No, he didn't want to take my innocence, so he found a loose whore to meet his needs. That god." I laugh. "But that is neither here nor there because I cannot stand the sight of the scrawny fucker." I laugh at the looks I receive for that bit of honesty. "Oh and Rosalie…" Em pulls me around his body and hugs me to him with my back pressed to his chest. "I left the divorce papers on whats left of the kitchen counter. Oh, and Jenk's labeled and idiot proofed it so that dumb blondes like you can easily figure it out, okay." I grin just as Carlisle begins to growl at us. "You two have a lot of nerve doing this to my children! I want the both of you out of my house now! You both are cut off from the family funding…" "Oh, that's cool." Emmett grins evilly at the good doc. "You know, with me being the computer genius and your accountant; I took the liberty of…well you'll see when you check the balances in all your accounts." "You robbed me Emmett?!" Carlisle screeches like a damn woman. "How could you?!" "Easy." Em shrugs then grins at Carlisle. "No, I didn't take it all…or at least I don't think." Emmett turns my head up to look at him as he looks down at me with a mock thoughtful look. "Did we take it all, babe? I can't remember. I'm sure Jas knows. He is the one that helped me after all." At this I begin to laugh along with Alice as her and Jasper skip next to us. "Honey, I think Jasper told me that you guys left each of them a little under a grand in each account. Oh he also said that all the stocks were transferred into our names as well. Did you tell me that Jas?" "Sure did sugar." Jasper chuckles at me. If he could, I honestly think that Carlisle would be crying like a baby right now. And damn, Rose and Eddie boy are looking like they are not looking forward to getting jobs. "Why? We were your family. So why would the four of you do this to us? We're going to have to start over now because you what you have done." Esme cries into Carlisle's shoulder. "You want to know why Esme?" Damn, my man looks like he really wants to slap Esme right now. "You all made us leave Bella the night Jas almost slipped, all because fuckward said so! Alice, Jas, and I never wanted to leave her, but you said that if we didn't follow you and leave the human; we would be cut off and left alone. Then there was the time that you let Eddie boy have his way, yet again, when he wanted to keep Bella human even after she risk her life the save is stupid ass! You all didn't give a fuck that the Volturi wanted Bella either dead or turned; no in between. They would have killed her but you heartless bastards didn't give a rats ass, did you?" Em is so fucking hot when he is pissed. Those damn muscles bulging out…yummy. "So the way I see it, you all are evil and cruel. Worse than the Volturi; worse than James an Victoria. So now you lot mean jack shit to us!" Emmett leans down and kisses my cheek but all I want is to jump him and put on a show for everyone. "Be have baby." The sexy man winks at me and give my ass a slap. Jasper walks up to Edward and punches him in the face and causing Eddie to fall to the floor and my to stop trying to mount my man. "Hey Eddie boy…" Jas kicks him in the ribs while Alice hold Rose against the wall by her throat. Damn, my little pixie sister is a bad ass. "That is for constantly hurting my sister, you pathetic little boy." Jasper smirks over at Carlisle as he walks over to Alice and put his arm around her waist. "Come on darlin." Oh lord I smell pixie arousal. Damn you Jasper. Jasper turn to me before he grins and winks at me; knowing damn well that Em and I will have to smell that shit until he takes care of her. Major asshole. Oh well, I'm sure he can still smell my arousal for watching Emmett give the Cullen's a verbal smack down. "Come on baby." Em chuckles at me and Jasper's little stare down. "Lets leave this…Family to clean their mess." I laugh as we pass the Cullen's. "Pay back is a mother fucking bitch, now ain't it, assholes?!" I laugh loudly along with my little wonderful family. Em kisses my lips softly then turns back to the Cullen's and laughs his booming laugh. "And it's always best served cold." With those parting words the four of us head off to our future…to our forever and I for one can't wait to see what my awesome life has in store for me next. I can say this with absolute certainty though, with Emmett as the love of my life, my mate; life will never be mundane or boring. …And it will only get better as time goes by. Tell me what you all thought about my very first Em and Bells story. Pretty please. With Jasper and Emmett on top. Hehehe, that sounds like some hot and kinky stuff. Yes please, I want seconds and maybe even thirds. Good god I am not right. Anywho, This story is, as of now, a one shot but I might get inspired to add more chapters in the future, maybe. Who knows? Not me. Show me the love people…