the town was small and Edward was a persistent shit. 'You want to give it a try?' I held my pole out to him. 'No. I don't fish. ' 'Really. You hunt?' 'No. That barbaric. There is no need to go out and hunt and kill animals when there is grocery store that has all you need.' I chuckled. How this boy has not gotten into a fight since he moved to this town amazes me. Okay, time to lay in the next part of my plan. 'There is nothin' wrong with huntin'. You realize Bella hunts and fishes. Her sister, too. The Chief had no sons but that didn't stop him from showin' his daughters his favorite pastimes. You not likin' huntin' and fishin' and sayin' it's barbaric is sayin' that something Bella does and enjoys is barbaric and wrong.' 'Well, she will learn to live without those hobbies when we move up north for college.' 'Up north? Where you plannin' on goin'?' 'Dartmouth College. We were both accepted. I figure as soon as we get up there and away from this town, Bella will smarten up and rise to the status needed to fit in there.' I swear I will punch this boy soon but not now. That is not part of the plan. 'What about when Bella comes back to visit?' 'It won't happen that often. I will just push her to have them come up to visit us. Anything to get away from this small minded town. Especially your brother. Does he have any home training?' I chuckled. He's right about Peter. Can't take him anywhere in public. 'Peter does that because he knows it pisses you off. Ignore him and he goes away.' Not really if anything he tries harder to annoy you. 'So I heard you took Bella to a new restaurant one town over. No place in town good enough for you?' 'It was a sushi restaurant. Decent for being in Texas but there are better ones in bigger cities.' 'Sushi? We have sushi, it's just called bait. If that is what you wanted to eat then you should have come over and gotten some night crawlers from me.' 'Uh, no thanks. I think I'm going to go back to Bella.' He stood up and walked back to the beach. 'Okay.' I turned to watch him walk away. He stopped and turned back. 'Yeah. Bella probably needs me to rub some lotion on her back and shoulders.' He smirked and continued walkin'. That dirty weasel. A few hours later I stretched and got up from sittin' on the dock. I grabbed my empty water bottle and pole and headed back to my truck. I put the pole in the bed of the truck and threw my bottle away in the trash can. I started to walk over to where the girls were sittin' when I heard something I never wanted to hear. 'Hi Jasper.' Ugh. Slut one has appeared. I swear it was just a good day and now it's ruined. 'Lauren. What do you want?' She walked closer to me. And I gagged on her perfume. 'I just wanted to talk to you. You seemed so lonely on the dock and I wanted to keep you company.' 'No thanks, Lauren. I have told you that I don't want your company. And I believe Charlotte also told you to leave me and Peter alone. Now if you want to take it up with her be my guest. But remember she did break your nose last time. Might not want to mess up the nose job your daddy had to pay for to fix it.' I followed her line of sight to where the girls were all laying out and didn't see Char. Must be with Peter. Must be why she thought it was okay to talk to me. 'She doesn't scare me. Besides that was when you and Bella were together and no you're single. So I can do whatever I want. So you want to go somewhere and fool around?' The thought of that makes me gag. But before I could answer, my Angel spoke. 'No, he doesn't want to go anywhere with you, Lauren.' Lauren turned to face Bella. 'Stay out of it, Bella. Jasper is free to go with me. You lost your place at his side when you broke up with him.' I saw a flash of pain cross Bella's face and I knew she was hurtin' from our separation just as much as I was. 'Well he doesn't want the scent of skank cling to him so run along now before I get started on your second nose job.' Lauren squeaked and ran off. Thank God. I turned to Bella and grabbed her to pull her closer to me. 'Thanks. I could have gotten away from her but you did it faster.' 'Welcome. I've missed you, Jasper.' My dead heart soared. 'I've missed you, too. I'm sorry for my behaviors and forgetting our anniversary.' I tucked a stray hair behind her ear. 'You're forgiven. I think bein' apart is punishment enough.' 'What about Edward?' 'I overheard you both talkin' and what he said. Got me think' that it's not the life I want. I want to go to college but I still want to see my family. And you're not leavin' this town. You gotta run your parent's farm. Lord knows Peter will let the animals loose and run around naked.' I bust out laughin'. Yeah she's right about that one. 'Agreed. So be my girl again?' 'I will always be your girl. Besides Edward can't hold his liquor.' I laugh again and pull Bella closer to me. I kiss her softly on the lips. She pulls back and smiles up at me. 'Wanna go take a ride and have a belated anniversary date?' She asks. I nod and hoist her over my shoulder, takin' off to my truck. Now that's my kind of night. Thanks for reading.