Edward glanced back and nodded encouragement. Off to the left, newspaper reporters frantically wrote about the history being made before their eyes. Photographers took pictures and their cameras shot puffs of smoke. Alice, Rosalie, and Esme were cheering in support, all dignity forgotten. The sound was thunderous. There were thousands of horses galloping and people shouting. The sounds of cracking whips filled the air. Bella saw wagons that were not sturdy enough for the race breaking and crashing to the ground, spilling barrels of food and belongings everywhere. Horses unaccustomed to so much uproar reared in fright and threw off their riders. Bella's eyes were wide with terror and her heart pounded furiously. She rode like a fiend to stay ahead of the stampede. With a tight hold on the reins, Bella continued to speed through the crowd, weaving around wagons and horses. Not far behind her were Edward, Jasper, Carlisle, and Emmett with determined expressions yelling, "YAAAAHH!" In time, the crowd began to spread out in different directions. Bella looked over her shoulder to see Jasper, Emmett, and Carlisle stay on course for the town sites. Bella and Edward veered off toward the homestead site that was now a short distance away. Bella saw a numbered stake up ahead. It was on a beautiful piece of land with a stream, shade trees, and a flowering meadow. She was almost there. She looked over her shoulder and saw Edward a ways behind. He also saw the marker and waved one arm, signaling her to stake the claim without him. Although Bella wanted Edward with her, she knew not to lose a single moment. Bella yelled, "GO! GO! GO!" and used her legs to urge Meteor forward. As she approached the marker, she had Meteor slow down so she could dismount. Her hands shook while she unfastened her flag from her saddle. Almost hyperventilating, she ran up to the marker. "What the hell do you think you're doing?" yelled a man's voice. Startled, Bella turned and saw a scruffy man holding a whiskey bottle. He dropped the bottle and squinted at her. He was of average size, with dirty blond hair tied back with a leather strip. A few days before, James Huntington had come upon an unfortunate family and had taken their horse, provisions, and lives. Among their possessions, James had found a locket with pictures, an engraved pocket watch, and a newspaper article about the approaching Land Rush. James thought he was entitled to some land as much as anyone else. He had abandoned the horse and entered the claim site on foot. James then hid from the cavalry patrol in the brush and ravines. Unable to burn a campfire at night, he drank whiskey to stay warm and fell into a deep sleep. He was awakened by the sound of a horse's hoof beats. He did not expect to see a girl running up with a flag. He did not care how young or how pretty she was; he was going to take her flag and claim this site for himself. Fumbling for his gun, he planned to shoot her and hide the body before the other homesteaders arrived. As he looked down to remove the weapon from his gun belt, he did not take notice of the angry horse charging him. Upon impact, his gun fired and the bullet ricocheted off a boulder, making a loud, resonating sound. Stumbling and hitting his head against a rock, he fell unconscious. A nearby cavalry soldier heard the gunshot and hurriedly rode up to investigate. Edward could not believe the scene playing out before his eyes and was terrified that he would not arrive soon enough. "Bella!" he yelled as he rode up and jumped off his horse. Bella looked between Edward and James in shock. Edward ran up to Bella and embraced her, out of his mind with worry that she had almost been killed. He stepped back and put his hands on her arms. "Are you all right?" he shouted, looking her over to see if she was hurt. "Ye-es," she replied, still shaken by the fact that James had appeared out of nowhere. "Meteor saved me from that man." Edward shook his head in amazement, but suddenly they heard hoof beats and turned to see other riders approaching them. "Bella, the flag!" Bella nodded nervously, and she yanked out the numbered marker and threw it aside. She grabbed Edward's hand and their eyes met. She cried out, "Together!" They each grasped the flag and pushed it deep into the earth. They kept their hands on the stake, watching the others ride past them in search of their own claims. The cavalry soldier tied James' hands behind his back and made him walk all the way back to the officers' quarters. They would be very interested in the engraved watch and picture locket he had in his pocket. Edward waited for everyone to ride out of sight before he swept Bella up and swung her around. He laughed triumphantly, and they both whooped and yelled like cowboys. Bella's face was glowing with joy and relief from their victory. He embraced her tightly to kiss her and said, "This is just the beginning of many happy years together." RTL Many thanks to Fran for being so helpful and patient while she was a beta for my first story. Thanks to my family for pre-reading and providing suggestions. Thank you to everyone who read, reviewed, and voted for Rush to Love. I hope you enjoy this little romance / history / adventure story. I am going to mark the story complete, but if you would like to follow me to get alerts, in time I would like to post an outtake or more about the other characters' searches for land claims as well as about the bounty hunter's search for Aro. My profile has a link to my Facebook account that has pictures and a video about Rush to Love.