vampires headed back to The Cullen's home. "I guess I'll give you two a moment, but head back to the house soon, yeah Monte?" Alice asked me with a smirk… I nodded and finally broke my gaze away from Alistair. "Yes, of course, dear Alice." Once she left, silence washed over us once more. "It has been long since I saw your face." I struggled to grasp anything to say to the man in front of me. I could barely breathe with him looking at me like that. "Felicity" He whispered, I looked up in time to see him grasp my face firmly. He began to run his fingers over my face and through my hair, drawing me closer to him. I struggled to fight the blush that was making its presence known to him. "Tell me I'm not dreaming. Tell me this is real." "Alistair, I'm right here." I said taking his hands off of my face and into my own. The look that came over his face crushed my ever beating heart. "No you aren't they stole you from me and killed my beautiful Felicity. They killed me." "You can see me," I said grabbing his attention once more, "You can feel me," I continued taking his hands once more. "And you can sense me that should be enough proof." " No I've always felt like you were here, it is my mind desperately trying to drive me mad for killing you, by letting them get their hands on you." He said beginning to break down into sobs. I launched myself into his arms, trying to stop his sobs and sooth my own tearing eyes. His strong arms wrapped around me, and we stood there tightly wound in each other's embrace, for what felt like an eternity (I would know). "Alistair, please come with me, they have questions that need answering. Let us put their hearts to rest, and then we may continue to converse." He nodded, and waited for me to lead, half way there I stopped, my curiosity having over powered my mind. "Dear Alistair, why did you stay with the Cullens for this battle?" "For some unknown reason to me, I just felt as if I was needed and it scared me, truly, it did. But I stayed much against my better judgment… but I can honestly say I am glad I did." He responded with a tired smile. I took his hand in mine and continued on to the Cullen residence. We were welcomed by not only Alice and Jasper but also Carlisle. While Alice welcomed me in open arms I could tell Carlisle and Jasper wanted to speak Alistair, so I excused myself to go and change into something a little more comfortable, than my black dress and matching heels, and I removed my read cloak. I whispered into Alistair's ear to settle his worries, "I'll be right back, I promise." He squeezed my hand once before beginning to converse with Carlisle. "So, Alistair, it would seem that you have some things to tell me." I could hear him utter from the front porch, everyone in the house could hear them. I could tell thanks to the smirk on Alice's face and the fact that everyone in the house had gotten quieter and were speaking softly. "Yes, It would seem I do, Carlisle… where would you like me to begin?" I couldn't help the smile that took over my visage… I love his voice, oh how I have missed it. "How about when you met, Felicity." "She was abandoned in an alleyway, in France. I found her and instantly knew she was unique, I mean her heart was beating a million times a second, and her beauty was unmatched. Those crystalline blue eyes just seemed to know exactly what you were thinking, before you did, and seemed to know everywhere you had been and everywhere you were going to go. So against my better judgment I took her in and raised her. It wasn't long until I found out that she could drink blood, but she had insatiable cravings for the sweets they sold at the patisserie in town." I was instantly swept into the memories of old. I changed into some light-wash jeans and button up white shirt and a black leather jacket. I pulled on a knit cap, two combat boots and a pair of sunglasses. I descended the stairs to see Renesme smiling at me. With Bella's permission I took her into my arms and hugged her. I took her hand, held it over her heart so she could feel it beating and then held it over mine. Our hearts beat with the same intensity. Then I heard Alistair continue the story, so I handed Renesme back to her father, who had a knowing look on his face. "She grew more quickly than I could ever expect. Not long into my adoption of her, they came. The Volturi forcefully took us to Volterra where she was taken and tortured and I was thrown out of the city told of her execution." He stopped and you could hear the hurt in his voice. I walked up behind him and wrapped my arms around his waist. He grabbed my hands and held them tightly in his own. "I lost my soul mate that day." "And now you found her." I whispered back. He turned around in my arms, forgetting Jasper and Carlisle, before taking my face in his hands. He brought his face down onto mine, but stopped before his lips met mine and whispered, "You are mine, and no one will ever take you from me." I got lost in his embrace, and with a smile, I could picture our new life together… he was right, I was his, and there was no way in Heaven, Hell, or on Earth, that I was ever going to get taken from him. I never wanted to be anywhere else… except in his arms.