don't know, Bella. I'll see what I can do. I might be able to give you a little something but I'm running pretty dry over here myself." "Well, anything would help dad. And I would really appreciate it." "Yeah, I know. Listen, let me see what I've got and I'll call you back okay?" "Okay." "And why don't you try giving your mom a call?" "You know just as well as I do that mom has no money to give me." "Yeah, I know." He huffed. "I just wish she would help you out a little more." "Yeah, me too. But it's not because she doesn't want to…she just doesn't have the money." "Alright, well, I'll call you back in a little bit…" "Okay, thanks dad." By the time I hung up with my dad I was already almost done with my cigarette so as soon as I put it out I lit up another one. I wouldn't normally consider myself a chain smoker, but this was a special circumstance. I was stressed as fuck. "Money problems?" Edward's smooth voice asked from somewhere to my right. I looked over at him as I took a long drag. I had been too stressed while talking to my dad to care if Edward was listening but now that I was looking at him I realized that I had just had a pretty embarrassing conversation in front of him. Yes Edward, your sister's poor and chain-smoking best friend can't afford her fucking groceries. "Uh, yeah," I mumbled. "Things are just kind of tight right now and I was sick last week so I missed a bunch of work and I'm kind of behind on my bills." I don't know why I felt the need to justify my financial turmoil to him, but I did. "You could ask my parents for a loan, they adore you." "No," I said, shaking my head. "That's humiliating. I hate asking people for help, even my dad. I wouldn't have called him if I didn't have a sixty five dollar electric bill that's two days overdue." He nodded his understanding to me as he exhaled his smoke through his nose. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't be bitching to you about my problems." "It's alright. Everybody needs somebody to bitch to." We sat in a comfortable silence for a few moments until Edward spoke again. "You really shouldn't be smoking, you know. It's bad for you." I raised my eyebrows at him and gestured to the cigarette in his hand. "Doesn't that make you a hypocrite, Mr. Cullen?" He shrugged and took a long drag. He paused and exhaled through his nose before bothering to answer me. "This won't be the first thing to kill me. If it is, I'll consider myself lucky." "Well that's not a very good way of looking at things." "You don't think so? Hmm…I consider it optimism." "Sounds more like pessimism to me." "Maybe to you," He said with another shrug. "But sometimes short, rash occurrences and experiences can have a greater impact than one could ever dream of. I would rather live a happy and full, short life than a long and miserable one. I prefer to live in the moment." He raised his cigarette as if making a toast and then lowered it to his lips again. "Maybe I do too." "I don't think so." He said as he put his cigarette out in the ash try on the end table. He stood up and started walking inside, leaving me to think that he was ending the conversation, until he called back to me over his shoulder. "If you were living a happy and full life, Isabella, you would have a way to pay your electric bill." And with that he walked back into the house, closing the door behind him. I didn't know whether to be more confused or offended by his last statement, but I was leaning toward offended. Poor people could be happy, right? You're poor. And are you happy? No. Case and point served by hot shot lawyer Edward Cullen himself. I told my more rational inner self to cut the monologue short, and I headed back inside. . . . . . . Alice and I both had early classes the next day so we didn't stay over very late. Esme had Carmella put on a pot of coffee and then we all sat around in the formal living room sipping it. While the Cullens discussed things like current events and foreign affairs, I just sat there. My immature, stressed out, and low-class mind was seemingly just not on the same wave-length as theirs. Once we were done with the coffee Alice and I gathered up our stuff and announced our departure. The only person who had left earlier than us was Edward. Apparently he didn't feel the need to arrive on time or stay long enough to even have a proper conversation with his parents. "Bella, dear, you are coming to the party next weekend right?" Esme asked me as we stood at the front door to bid our farewells. Geez, Bella…'bid our farewells'? You've spent too much time tonight in the fancy Cullen mansion. Back to our trashy apartment it is for you. "Yeah, I will definitely be there." I promised. Next week was Esme and Carlisle's anniversary party and since they had informed me about it a long time ago, I was kind of obligated to go. "Great, I'm looking forward to seeing you there then." "Me too, good night" I answered. "You girls drive safely." Carlisle said before giving Alice and I each a kiss on the cheek. As soon as we were outside and the Cullens were back inside with the door closed behind them, I dug around in my bag until I found my pack of cigarettes. I opened it up and internally gasped. There, rolled up and placed in line with all the cigarettes, was a crisp one hundred dollar bill.