having my eyes exaggerated was lovely. Alice always did a wonderful job without changing how I truly look, just enhancing specific features. Today was my birthday, hitting the human mile marker of 21. I would still forever appear as a young adult, we already noticed my appearance had stopped changing since I turned 18. My family always went over the top for these celebrations, since I am the only one who still ages. I knew today would be filled with the joy of their company and whatever activities they had planned. With the Cullen's nothing was ever half done. "Happy Birthday Bella!" My family yelled just as I came into view from the top of the stairs, I could feel the heat rise up to my face as I blushed. Their wide smiling's looking up at me, standing next to their significant others; a picture perfect moment. I never did really like being the center of attention, after being taught for years to avoid getting into those situations and remain discreet. I could see my birthday cake laid on the table, with presents set in a pile slightly off to the side of them. White balloons covering the floor and draped on the walls with white rose pedals scattered on every visible surface. It looked like a magical white land of wonder; even having twinkling white Christmas lights dangling from the ceiling. I knew Alice had planned this and no doubt got the others to help, she always did jaw dropping work and I could not wait to see the rest. "It's so beautiful." I told them while tearing up. Before I could finish thanking them, the front door slammed open. The noise echoed around the house, before making my family gasp in shock. I froze in place I did not know of anyone who would walk in such a manner with an alarming entrance. Their eyes turned to me with terrified expressions on all their faces, and got into defensive crouches growling at the unexpected guest. Who I still could not see from the top of the stairs. I started to edge forward trying to get a look at who was there. Before I finished taking one step, Carlisle put his hand out in a silent command to stop. "Oh happy birthday Isabella! Please come down so we may properly congratulate you." The voice was unfamiliar, and was almost childish with amusement. It was high pitched and seemed to sound as if it was a young girl. " Excuse me Jane. I would like to know why you, and your guards found it appropriate to break into my house unannounced." Carlisle's words held a frightening amount of authority in them. Though he never got an answer. Dropping to the ground and began clawing at his head screaming, trying to rip away some unknown presence. "Please! Leave him alone!" Esme sobbed, clutching her husband close and shielding him with her body. I stepped forward trying to lean over the railing, hoping to see who it was. Still not daring to go down the stairs out of fear. My eyes met with Esme's in confusion, hoping somehow she could explain. Her face was already directed toward me, with her eyes boring into mine. Like she was trying to memorize my appearance and send her love. Then her mouth moved in a very small and quick motion saying, "Run." All I could do was shake my head in response. How could I leave them now, to face these people who wanted nothing to do with them and only me? "No I can't." I whispered; I could not comprehend leaving them behind. My feet seemed to have a mind of their own; taking continuous steps back until I hit the wall. "It's just a dream." This all must be another horrible nightmare; Alice would have seen this coming. "Oh Isabella, I can assure you this is no dream." Her voice was growing closer, but I couldn't hear any steps to match. "Now if you want to keep your family out of harms way, I would suggest you start to make your way downstairs." I started to comply, until Carlisle's voice yelled out. "It is a lie damn it! Now leave!" You could hear the pain in his voice. He went back to his screams, which had only now gotten worse. I stared into my family's eyes once more, like it would be the last time. "Bella please!" Alice commandingly yelled. She seemed to be the only other one brave enough to speak, and like Carlisle she fell in pain. Jasper erupted in growls that have never sounded so vicious, daring them to come closer towards them or the staircase. 'I'm sorry.' I mouthed not being able to choke the words out; I could feel all emotion flooding from my body and replaced with a numb tingle. This was my fault they should have left me when they had the chance. They all suddenly dropped to the ground, senses cut off. It was common knowledge that the twins: Alec and Jane; never left each other's side, and where one of the most feared vampires in the world. It made me wonder as to how many of them where here. It was considered very dishonorable to attack a clan without a direct cause. Not to mention Carlisle was good friends with Aro, even serving in their guard earlier in his life. The Volturi were usually kind enough to let you explain your situation, before taking action. Though that still did not guarantee you would come out alive. I knew I had to run; they would not kill them if it was me they where after. The farther I could get them away from my family the better. Without any more hesitation I ran back to my room and jumped out the window, having the glass shatter against my skin. I was flying through the woods; with black hooded figures jumping out following soon after me.