to be. "I'm a man of my word." I swallow. Hard. And nod. I want him to do more than just look at me, and he does… Taking his time, and using those magic fingers, he makes me feel so good. Just like he said he would. . . . . EPOV "I need to be buried inside you, Bella, feel you squeeze against my cock when you come. You want me inside?" "Yes, please." Leaning over to my nightstand, I pull out a condom. Freshly stocked and hot off the shelf. I'm not saying I knew this would happen, but I was hoping, and I wanted to be prepared. "Please," she begs again, her voice breaking. Her eyes are glued to my cock as I unroll the condom down my length. She bites down on her lip, and I love it. I love the way she's looking at me, like I'm her next meal. "Do you like what you see?" "Yes." Her legs twist and turn, creating friction for that hot, tight pussy. "Baby," I warn, standing from the bed and pulling her to the edge. I look down and admire her pink folds, rubbing my cock up and down the slit, teasing her… coaxing. "Are you ready for me?" I ask, sinking my fingers deep inside and curling them up. "Yes. Please, Edward. God, I want you so bad… I need to feel you." "Good girl." That's right where I want her. Desperate. Needing. Pulling my fingers out, I use her wetness to lube up my latex-covered cock and slowly press past her opening, pausing with every inch to keep from pounding into her. I know she's not a virgin, but she's so fucking tight. And I haven't had sex in a long fucking time. And... Yeah, slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Until I'm balls deep in the most heavenly heat I've ever felt. It's velvet and soft and… "Fuuuuuuck." I'm gonna come. "Move, Edward," Bella demands, her hands coming up to grip my arms, pulling me as close as she can get me. "I need to feel you." Look who knows what she wants. I fucking love it. And I want to give it to her. Everything. After another second of gathering myself, I finally start moving—in and out—watching my cock disappear inside her. Bella starts panting heavily, small moans coming out with each thrust. "Let me hear it, Bella. Let me hear how good you feel while I'm fucking you." Her small pants and moans turn into louder cries of pleasure as I put pressure on her clit. When the next orgasm hits her, she grabs frantically, looking for something to ground her… the bed, the sheets, and then finally latching on to her breast. "That's it, Bella. Squeeze those perfect nipples." She's exquisite. Perfect. Mine. I growl as she pushes her hips into me, milking her orgasm. Draping her legs over my shoulders, I begin pounding into her, the bed squeaking and creaking beneath us as our bodies collide. Bella's hands find mine at her hips, and she links our fingers, pulling us even closer together. After a few more quick, short thrusts, the coiling in my stomach snaps, igniting an inferno… white heat shooting out of me, my body succumbing to the pleasure. Looking down at her—her hair damp around her face, her cheeks tinted pink, her lips still swollen from my kisses—I realize she's ruined me. Every moment from here on out will be compared to this moment. I have to have her. She has to be mine. I let myself go limp, bracing my body on useless arms to keep from suffocating her. It's hot. We're sweaty. Our breaths are still coming out in steamy pants. I kiss her cheek and then her lips reverently. "Why me?" she asks, still catching her breath. Pushing myself up to look at her, bracing my arms on either side of her head, I search for the right words, something to express how I'm feeling without freaking her out. "Have you ever met someone and just knew that they were different? It's like they called to you… their soul to yours, and you had to be with them, no matter what?" She nods and reaches up to caress my face, her thumbs brushing under my eyes and over my cheeks. "I hadn't until yesterday," I confess. "I knew that if I let you walk out and never saw you again, I'd think about you every day, regretting not taking the chance to get to know you." "Thanks for taking the chance," she says, a sweet smile on her face. "Thanks for agreeing to a date," I tell her, leaning down to kiss her lips. She laughs, and I feel it. The movement sends a message to my satiated cock, and it begins to stir. Greedy bastard. I pull out and toss the used condom into the trash can beside my bed. "I think you got more than a date," she teases. "I got so much more than a date." "What now?" she asks. "Whatever you want," I tell her, kissing her lips lightly. And I mean it. Pushing my shoulders and forcing me onto my back, she smiles, looming over me. "Now that's a dangerous thing to say." A/N: Once again, I'd like to thank Nic and Carrie for hosting a contest that inspires creativity and sparks interest in our fandom. This was my second entry in the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest. It was a plot bunny that had been sitting around in my documents collecting dust for a couple of years. I decided to blow the dust off and flesh it out and I'm glad I did. It turned into a fun little one-shot. Thanks to everyone who was a part of the contest-hosts, secret keepers, validators, judges, banner maker, creative people, readers-it was awesome. As always, I have to thank Geeky for being the best beta and Pamela for being a fabulous pre-reader! Love y'all!