was next to Angela and opposite Mike. How did I not notice that earlier? Esme appeared at my desk a moment later. "So how was the morning with Jess?" She asked, smiling warmly. "It was good. A lot to pick up though." I pulled a face. "Ready to go meet the engineers?" She clasped her hands together. "Sure" I said, hopping to my feet. I was wearing flats, as I always did for fear of breaking my neck, and I was glad, for it seemed I would be walking a lot. I followed her back out, the rain still falling steadily, but she was smart enough to pick up an umbrella on her way out. We went into the engineers office and approached Edward. "Ok, This is Edward, he's my son, and I'm sure he can tell you everything about what we do in here." She turned and walked out, leaving me standing by his desk. "Hello." He whispered, pulling a chair to his side and motioning for me to sit. His eyes were very dark, like holes. Up close he was difficult to look at, his beauty being so powerful. Despite them being so dark his eyes were fiery and there seemed to be a lot going on behind them. I sat, and put my eyes on his screen, seeing a technical drawing that I could not understand. He didn't seem happy. "So, what do you do, Edward?" I asked timidly. "I draw up the schematics." he said quickly. This was going to be hard. "Let me take you through a job." He told me what he did, his voice low and even. I could tell he really didn't want to be doing this, and after an hour he told me that was it. He fluidly stood and was out the door very quickly leaving me to sit for a moment. I stood and walked back to the admin office. To my surprise I saw Edward standing in Esme's office when I was back in the room, and he did not look happy. He was obviously arguing with his mother about something, and she was not relenting. I had a strange feeling that he was not happy about my presence. I sat back down and wondered what might be next for the day. Would Esme fire me because her son didn't like me for no apparent reason? I started to randomly click windows. Jess appeared at my side again. "Come on, I'm showing you more stuff next." I went and sat by her at her desk which was covered with pictures of family and friends. I couldn't see any of her with men though. "Do you live alone?" I asked. "Yeah, just waiting for the right guy." She said dreamily. "You never know, you might already know him." I could see Mike checking us out again. Or was it just me he was checking out? "Ever thought about getting a flatmate?" "You know, it would help pay the bills." She had a thoughtful look. "I'm going to think about that one." The rest of the afternoon was spent looking at forms and taking a trip across to the sales office where I sat with Mister Cullen (He told me to call him Carlisle) who was a very nice, well spoken man. His skin and eyes were much the same as his family, but unlike his son he was warm and friendly. When I picked up my things and headed for my truck at five I had almost forgotten what my truck even looked like. It didn't take me long to remember what it sounded like though, the roar ringing out across the carpark, turning heads all the way. I kept my head down, trying to hide behind my hair as I drove slowly out and onto the road. When I got to Charlie's the cruiser was already outside. He was in the living room watching football on TV. "Bella, is that you?" He called. "Yeah dad, it's me." I said, hanging my coat and handbag in the hall. "How did it go?" I walked into the room fully to talk to him. He had a takeout menu on the chair next to him. "You want Chinese?" "Yeah, ok, get me noodles?" I said. "And it was good. I was worried to start with, but it seems pretty easy." "Good. you make any friends?" "Yeah a few nice people, listen dad, can you call the food in, I'm going for a shower." He nodded and I took off upstairs and got freshened up. By the time I went back downstairs in sweatpants and a baggy t-shirt I felt clean and happy, but tired. And the food had just arrived. We sat on the sofa eating from the foil containers. "Dad?" I asked. "Yeah?" he took a sip of beer. "Do you know the Cullen's?" I asked innocently. "That's a good question, seeing as you're working for them?" He pointed out. "Yes, I noticed that. But what are they like, as people?" "Well as far as this town goes, they are great." He seemed to be getting a little defensive. "Carlisle's business is one of the best employers in this town, and as far as Im concerned there would be a lot of jobless people without them." He was breathing heavily. "And people still treat them like outsiders? Well thats just stupid." "Ok dad..." I said, and that was pretty much the end of that one. We ate in silence. I cleared away the trash and made my way to bed, falling onto the mattress with a thud. The rain had picked up again, and it was hammering on the roof. With the light off and the clouds so dense the room was quite dark. Eventually I coaxed myself to sleep, fighting off thoughts of the day. However, I was not prepared for my dream in any way... But I don't need to tell you who I dreamed about that night.