find even the tiniest scrape of brain hiding inside that remarkably empty head of yours?" For future reference, of course, one could always trust Mrs Stanley to snobbishly prod deeper into any given situation and embarrass a poor soul even further. Chuckles resonated throughout the church at the woman's rude interrogations. Mrs Stanley beside the groom - and even the vicar himself - couldn't hold back their feminine giggles. It would appear that only the Swans and the Cullens had any notion regarding unjustified unfairness, if the evil stares they shot an anybody who dared to make a mockery of the Swan name was anything to go by. "No," Mr Swan said, oblivious to the rising tension, "It's just a gut feeling." Nobody really knew how to respond to that one. "Shall we carry on?" The vicar questioned to no one in particular, having quelled the feminine outburst. "Excellent! Right then. If anybody has any objections as to why these two should not be joined together in holy matrimony forever more, step forth now." Lady Isabella rose on shaky legs. "I object." Gasps sounded all through the church as mixed reactions played out before her: Lady Jessica damn near fainted; the vicar held his head in his hands and murmured something that sounded suspiciously along the lines of Please God end my suffering ; the Cullens all shared amused grins with one another; and the Swans simply sat back and pretended that Lady Isabella had nothing to do with them. But the real reaction she had been waiting for from the man stood at the altar never came. Lady Isabella sighed. "I don't beg," she began. "I am categorically not a beggar. And yet, here I am: begging. On Christmas Day." She paused. "Who even gets married on Christmas Day? That is such a stupid time to get married, don't you all think?" Silence. Lady Isabella pointed an accusing finger at Mr Edward. "You have ruined me. I have been ruined. Before I was all about being me: the cold, ruthless Lady Isabella - the one who traumatised millions and inflected pain on the few other billion left in the world. And I enjoyed it. "But now you made me see things your way: independence, freedom of speech and even love . And I absolutely hated it." Lady Isabella stared at Mr Edward dead in the eye, peering deep into his very soul. "Until you made me love it." Soft sighs of pitiful awwing filled up the otherwise silent silence. Lady Isabella glared at them all until they promptly shut their mouths, averting their nosy eyes elsewhere. Only the Cullen family refused to participate in the annoyance, for which Lady Isabella was immensely grateful for. However, they all bore beaming smiles on their faces - resulting in a nauseating feeling beginning to bubble up in her petite stomach - all except for one blonde woman who glared at her with all her might. Lady Isabella glared right back. The woman looked so startled at that that she immediately stopped her (rather pointless really when compared to our young lady here) death glare to stare at in confusion at Lady Isabella, the latter of whom tried so hard not to let her smugness show at having won their staring competition. No, really, one can assure you she did. Mr Edward let out a small surprised squeak at her previous statement, redirecting Lady Isabella's attention to the man whom she had just publicly humiliated herself in front of. "What did you just say?" Lady Isabella now found herself experiencing the humiliation she had previously managed to keep at bay. "Well, I said that I... It means that I..." she stuttered. "Yes?" The audience awaited, scarcely breathing due to the anticipation. Even the vicar portrayed a relatively interested expression. "It means that I love you!" Silence. Lady Isabella appeared shocked at her outburst, having not expected that. Although no one could have been more surprised than one Mr Edward Cullen. He slowly walked over to her as if in a daze. "Did you just say that-" "Say that I loved you - yes," she repeated, as though repeating it would have made it seem all the more real in her head. Slowly, ever so slowly , he reached out and cupped her jaw, tracing the jaw line with his thumb as his mind struggled to comprehend the one sentence - that one, three worded sentence - that he had been wishing and praying would ever be uttered just being thrown his way. It was all he could have ever dreamed of and more. "Lady Isabella," he said calmly, removing his hand from where it had been resting gently against her soft cheek and distancing himself from her. The woman in question tried not to let her heartache show on her face at his movements. Well, it was her own fault, after all. She had been the one to purposefully push him away, knowing what it would result in. But she hadn't known then, hadn't allowed herself to know what she really felt for him. And now she never would because of her own mistakes. Her fault. It was all her fault. "Will you marry me?" A strangled gasp emanated from somewhere in the church. One believes Lady Jessica has fainted. A groan emanated from somewhere within the church. One believes the vicar has just fainted also. Lady Isabella stared in shock at the doomed suitor she had desperately tried to purge from her life and spoke with such conviction the one word everyone was all dying to hear. "Yes." Mr Edward moved in and captured her lips within his own as the rest of the church resulted in chaotic confusion and such drama . But neither Mr Edward nor Lady Isabella paid any notice to it, so wrapped up in one another were they. Mr Edward and Lady Isabella together; as it should be. Living happily ever after. ( read: The End )