to move around. "Come on, Buddy, let's go inside. I'm pretty sure I have some hot chocolate that we can make." His lips quivered, and I felt bad for not noticing that he was so cold. "Ssssoounds, gwreattt." I came and walked next to him and I wanted so badly to pick him up as he struggled with the first step of the front porch, but have learned to let him do it himself. "Will, why didn't you tell me you were so cold? We could have stopped, or I could have walked across the street for your jacket." I asked as we were finally in the kitchen. "My jacket is pawck up." "Packed? What on earth for?" I filled the tea kettle with water and placed it on the burner to boil. "Taking a trwip to Cal... Calwif... Calwifonia." "California?" I couldn't believe that Bella would move with Will without saying anything to me. It is not like she needed my permission, but I thought that there was a connection that wasn't only to Will. I thought that there might be something in the way that she would smile and wave to me from across the street. In the way that I was aware of every move that she made and I thought she was aware of what I did as well. "When do you leave?" I asked as the loud whistle of the tea pot brought me out of my rambled thoughts. "Tomorrow morwning." I made his hot chocolate and didn't really feel like drinking my own. He sat at the kitchen table, while I sat completely lost in my own thoughts as Will colored. I was always amazed at how well he could draw and had bought stacks of construction paper for him. Bella came and got Will that evening when she got off work, and I could hardly look at her because I didn't want her to see how much them leaving was upsetting me. I didn't eat dinner that night, just sat in front of the TV but didn't really see or hear anything. I must have fallen asleep because I woke up still on the couch and walked over to the window. I could see the exhaust from Bella's car as she loaded Will into his seat. As I turned towards the kitchen I saw the pictures that Will had drawn. There were two houses on either side of the paper and in his messy scrawl he wrote, Me, God, and Mommy Loves YOU . With shaking hands I lifted the paper from the kitchen table and instantly sprinted out the door. Four tires were rolling away as I slammed into the side of the car and I heard Bella scream inside. She slammed on the break and I threw her car door open, thrusting the drawing at her. "Is this true?" I asked desperately. "Because Bella, I love you, and Will, and I don't want you to go." She looked back and forth between me and the paper completely speechless. "I know that me loving you may not make any sense at all, but I know that it is true." "Jake . . .?" Bella blinked her eyes repeatedly and a single tear slide down her cheek. I brushed my hand across her cheek, just like the last time I saw her cry. "Please, give me a chance. I don't really know how to be a father, but I would like to. Whatever is in store for Will, with treatment or whatever, I want to be there. Please." I knew that I was rambling and even worse begging, but I didn't care. "Jake, we aren't moving." Bella finally said. "You're not?" I looked at her confused. "No, the doctor in California just wants to meet with us. If we are approved then it will be another six months before we would go." I don't know if it was the relief of stress, but suddenly I found myself kissing her. There was a soft gasp of surprise before her smooth soft lips pressed back against my own. She was still buckled into her car and I was hunched awkwardly inside with both hands, cupping her cheeks. One of her hands landed on my shoulder next to my neck and slowly I pealed my lips from hers, resting my forehead against hers. "Sorry, that was . . ." I tried to speak, but couldn't find the right words. "Perfect." Bella smiled as tiny tears rolled down her cheeks. "Thank you." "This feels kind of backwards, but can I ask you out." I laughed. "Jeez, how junior high does that sound?" Bella laughed. "Yes, I would like that very much." I looked in the back seat and saw Will smiling brightly. "So what do you say, Will, can I date your mom?" "Yes, I have pwray for you to be my daddy." I smiled. "Well lets not jump the gun, but how about a date to Chuck E Cheese, and you can come along." I winked at him and he beamed, his eyes sparkling. "So, I'll see you in . . ." suddenly I really didn't know how long they were going to be gone for. "Three days, we will be gone for the weekend." Bella filled in for me. "Well then, I will see you then." I gave her another light kiss and leaned out of her car so that they could get going. "I'll be looking forward to it." Bella smiled. "Me too," Will added. I stepped back and watched them drive away and took a deep breath, thinking about how my life was about to change. A bright orange trash bag rolled across my yard, in it's wake leaves scattered behind it. I had to smile as I thought about how it all started, almost one year ago. Late one night, Will stood on my front porch dressed as a bag of leaves. "Thank you, God," I said, looking up into the sky.