their lame attempts of jokes. The following weekend Bella kept Marie in her room, in order to get the bow tied perfectly, or really to give Jacob enough time to put the fear of God into Drent. "Don't worry, Mr. B, I don't think of Marie like that." Drent said with a smile. "Why not? She's gorgeous, fun, great since of humor and did I mention beautiful?" Jacob challenged. "Yeah, she's all those things. Of course." Drent admitted, not sure what else he could say without being insulting. "Well, alright then." Jacob nodded and was thankful when Bella and Marie graced his presence. "Sorry..." Marie said to Drent. "It's alright." Drent smiled and opened the door for Marie to exit, waving to Jacob and Bella. Jacob and Bella settled on the couch each with a deep sigh. Bella stretched her back arching as Jacob turned his head to notice her chest pointing directly at him. He grinned and thanked his lucky stars that they had an empty house for the next several hours. "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" Bella giggled mischievously at him. "Oh yeah I am." Jacob grinned and leaned over to kiss Bella when she suddenly rolled off the couch and began to put on her shoes. Obviously there was some serious miscommunication and Jacob had not been thinking the same thing that Bella had been thinking, but for the life of him he had no idea what she had been thinking. Not wanting to look like an idiot he immediately followed suit and put on his shoes followed quickly by his jacket. They walked for several minutes the whole time Jacob trying to figure out what signal he had so badly mistaken. Empty house, check. Bella sexy on the couch, check. While thinking of other things he went back to empty house just to double check, still empty. "Where are we going?" Jacob finally asked and then wished he hadn't as it became blatantly obvious with the 'La Push High School' sign glaring in front of them. "To the school, duh." Bella answered. Jacob rolled his eyes. "Alright, I see that. Why are we at the school?" "To spy on Marie." Bella answered, giving him another 'duh' look this time without actually saying the word. "Ohhh..." Jacob nodded. Together they crept over to the window peaking inside. The decorations were virtually the same as when they had attended, including the punch bowl and fake jukebox. Jacob stood behind Bella, easily looking over her head as they both scanned the area in search of Marie and Drent. The problem with a 50s inspired dance on a reservation is that all of them looked almost exactly alike, with the exception of the multiple colored poodle skirts. Luckily red was easy to spot and so Jacob continued to scan the area. "Found them," Bella whispered, like they could hear her through the thick pane of glass and loud music pulsing inside. "Where?" Jacob asked and then tried to line his eyes to where she was pointing. Marie was standing next to Drent, the skirt swishing from side to side as her head bobbed easily to the beat of the song. There was a thrilling excitement flowing through Jacob that he hadn't felt since high school when he was doing something that he knew he really shouldn't have been doing. Both kids were smiling and neither of them touched the other, dancing with a group of four or six in a large circle. What started off as exciting, it quickly turned boring as Jacob learned that he really did raise a good girl and Drent seemed to actually think of his daughter as just his friend. It didn't take long for Jacob's mind to go back to plan A as his arms around Bella began to roam to various places on his wife's body. Bella slowly turned around in his arms. "What are you doing?" She asked with a smirk. "Just admiring the view." Jacob replied. "It is a... sorta beautiful night." Bella teased, bring her body closer to his and wrapping her arms around his neck. Jacob smiled and brought his lips to hers, kissing her deeply. Bella responded with experience and in record time they were both breathing heavily. Despite being short of breath Jacob was just getting started and continued to kiss her deeply, until there was deep voice shouting behind them. "WHAT are you doing?" Jacob leaped, banging into the glass and Bella screamed, as Quil fell over in uncontrollable laughter. There had been times in Jacob's life when he saw his own life flash before his eyes, but in this instance it was Quil's life as visions of killing his best friend looped around inside his head. "Oh my... that was the funniest thing... I've ever... done in... my life." Quil muttered between fits of laughter. Bella marched over to him and smacked him on the head. "Quil Atera, what are you doing here?" "Duh, same thing you are, trying to spy on our kids. Drent was all calm like it was no big deal before he left the house, but I remember how fun and crazy the dance could be, so I wanted to see how it really was for him. I should have known you would be here spying too." Quil chuckled to himself. "It wasn't my idea." Jacob rolled his eyes, temporarily distracted from murder plots. "Awesome." Quil grinned at Bella. "Great minds thinking alike." Bella glared and gave him an added smack on his chest. Quil laughed until he looked back towards the window. "Uh oh..." Bella and Jacob both looked back at the window as well and saw a large cluster of kids who had gathered around the window, however front and center was Marie. "Mom? Dad?" She asked, looking horrified. "Damn..." Jacob mumbled. "Busted." Bella added. Jacob looked at Quil and once again the murderous plots began to circulate. "Crap..." Quil yelped and ran with Jacob chasing after him.