even know how, why, or who took her. I'm surprised Esme or I didn't smell another human in the house. I had one of my closest friend watch the kids while Esme and I search for Alice. "Where would she be?" Esme asked. "I don't know." I said. We walked and walked but we still couldn't find her. Suddenly I stopped. "What is it, Carlisle?" Esme asked. "I smell blood... It's Alice!" I exclaimed as I started to run to the scent. "Alice, baby. Can you hear us?" Esme asked. No answer. I came to a stop. I looked on the ground and there was blood everywhere. I bent down and put my hand in the big puddle of blood and then I brought it to my nose and smelt it. "What have you done to my baby?" I asked while growing. "It's Alice's blood?" Esme asked. "Yes." I said I stood up. "Follow me." I said. "I think I know where she might be." I added as I started to run. Alice's scent got stronger and stronger as we ran deeper into the woods. We suddenly came up to an abandoned building. I was so sure that Alice was in there. We walked into the building and called out her name over and over. There was no answer. We got deeper into the building and we heard a small cry. "ALICE!" We both yelled as we followed the cry. It lead us to a louder cry and I looked down on the floor and found my little baby covered in blood head to toe. "Alice?" I asked. "DADA!" She cried as I fell to and knees and scooped her up into my arms and rocked her. "Shhhh, pumpkin. Daddy's here. Daddy will make you all better when we get home." I said while standing up with her in my arms. "Oh, god!" Esme cried while covering her face. "You go get the kids, I'm taking her home and clean her wounds and see what's causing her to bleed." I said while heading home with a crying Alice When I got home I cleaned her wounds and I had to set her ankle, which made her cry very loud. "Shhhh baby girl. It's ok." I said while picking her up and rocking her. A couple more hours passed and I was sitting in a rocking chair in the living room rocking Alice to sleep, when suddenly the front door opens and the kids run in. I had to make them be quiet. "Is Ali otay?" Jasper asked while standing on his tiptoes to look at Alice. "Yes, she is, Jazz." I said while moving Alice down a little so he can see her. "What Happen?" He asked. "I don't know." I said. Later that night I had moved Alice's crib into mine and Esme's bed rooms I can keep a good eye on her and make sure that won't happen ever again. Suddenly the door slowly open and I heard a little cry. "Daddy, mommy?" It was Jasper. "What happen, baby boy?" Esme asked. "I had a bad dream." He said while crying, I picked him up and put in between me and Esme. "You can sleep with us, Jazz." I said. Chapter 6 Alice's p.o.v Jasper and I were on the floor playing peek-a-boo. "Where's Ali?" He asked. "PEEKIE BOO!" I exclaimed. "Dere she is!" He exclaimed as he picked me up and hugged me. "I love you, Jazzy." I said. "I love you to, Ali." He said. "I wove you for eber and eber!" I exclaimed. "Aw, me to." He said while kissing me on the cheek. End of p.o.v Alice and Jasper played Peek-a-boo again. The whole family watched them in adoration. The family loved to watch Alice and Jasper play it was like watching to little kids who are dating. A couple months passed and there were no kidnaps. Alice finally walked and the day after she walked she had a major asthma attack and she was sent to the hospital, she was in a coma for a couple weeks but she managed to wake up. After that she went home, but ever since that major asthma attack she's been having lots of little attacks. But, they were never as bad as the very first one. Alice's asthma attacks scared Carlisle and Esme. Her very first one almost gave Jasper a heart attack. Jasper watches over Alice 24/7, when she is a sleep during her nap time and any other time. Jasper has grown very protective over Alice and every time something bad happens to her he is always at her side. Carlisle started to get the feeling that Alice means way too much to Jasper than anything in the world. Esme just thought it was so cute seeing her two youngest kids play together and have such a good relationship. One day everything happens at once, Alice went to Carlisle and told that she can see stuff that happens in the future and he believes it because she told him something that was going to happen when he went to work and it happen. He had a gifted child. A child who can see the future. Jasper developed the power of feeling people's emotions. He can also change their emotions. Edward developed into a mind reader, every time Carlisle or Esme is about to tell him something he does it before they can ever get a word out of their mouths. Emmett got every strong, he can already pick Carlisle up and he is only 7. Rosalie was just very beautiful as anyone can ever be. And Bella was a shield, when Edward tries to read her mind she blocks it from him. Carlisle and Esme were so great full to have their amazing children with their amazing power. Their powers are special in their own ways and it helps them a lot. And that is the very end of Cullen babies. ENJOY! The End!