reason, my temper was hardwired to my tear ducts. I usually cried when I was angry, a humiliating tendency. "Aren't you Elizabeth Kites?" a deep voice asked me from my left side. I looked up and turned a little to see a cute, baby-faced boy, his dirty blonde hair carefully gelled into orderly spikes. He grinned at me with a steady sort of warmth. This guy totally gave me the boy next door vibe. "Eliza," I corrected him, with a smile. "I'm Mike," he nodded while I got up pulling on my backpack. "Hello, Mike," I nodded and did my best to tuck his name away in my head. "Do you need any help finding your next class?" he looked at me curiously. I let out an awkward laugh, "I'm headed to the gym, actually. I think I can find it." I would bet anything that the gym was probably the biggest building here. It seemed like it would be in a small town like this. "That's my next class, too," he seemed thrilled, though it wasn't that big of a coincidence in a school this small. As we walked to our next class together I found out more about him. It turned out that he was a big talker - he supplied most of the conversation, which made it easy for me since I preferred to listen rather than talk. He'd lived in California till he was ten, so he knew how I felt about the sun. It turned out he was in my English class too. He was one of the many nice people I had met today. As we were entering the gym, Mike asked, "So, did you stab Edward Cullen with a pencil or what? I've never seen him act like that." "Was that the boy I sat next to in Biology?" I asked wanting definite confirmation. "Yes," he said, "He looked like he was in pain or something." So that was the guy's name. I cringed slightly. So I wasn't the only one who had noticed, and apparently, that wasn't Edward Cullen's usual behavior. "I don't know," I responded, "I never even spoke to him." "He's a weird guy," Mike lingered by me instead of heading to the dressing room, "If I were lucky enough to sit by you, I would have talked to you." "Thanks, Mike," I smiled at him before walking through the girls' locker room door. I shook my head laughing lightly under my breath. He was friendly and clearly admiring, but I certainly wasn't interested. Not matter how sweet he seemed. The Gym teacher, Coach Peramore, found me a uniform but didn't make me dress down for today's class. Back in Phoenix, only two years of P.E. were required. Here though, P.E. was mandatory for all four years. This was both good and bad. Good because then I could loose more weight, and bad because I was woefully out of shape. I figured I could always get into shape after high school if I still wanted to be a cop though. Right? Right. I watched four volleyball games running simultaneously. Remembering how many injuries I had sustained - and inflicted - playing volleyball, I felt faintly nauseated. Volleyball was my worst sports. The final bell rang at last. I walked slowly to the office to return my paperwork. The rain had drifted away, but the wind was strong and colder. I pulled my anorak closer to my body and made a mental note to buy a scarf and mittens as soon as I was able to. When I walked into the warm office, I almost turned around and walked back out. Edward Cullen stood at the desk in front of me. I recognized his tousled bronze hair. I stood pressed against the back wall, waiting for the receptionist to be free. He didn't appear to notice my entrance. He was arguing with her in a low frustrated voice about trying to trade from sixth-hour Biology to another time - any other time. I sighed slightly irritated at the hold up. I wanted to get home and relax and Edward's freak out wasn't really helping me accomplish my goal. The door opened again, and the cold wind blew through the room, rustling the papers on the desk, and swirling strands of my hair around my face. The girl who came in merely stepped to the desk, placed a note in the wire basket, and walked out again. Edward's back stiffened, and he turned slowly to glare at me. For an instant, I felt the incredible urge to smack his face. If you didn't like me, you didn't have to be near me, mother fucker. He turned back to the receptionist. "Never mind, then," he stated hastily in gruff voice, "I can see that it's impossible. Thank you so much for your help." And with that he turned on his heel without another look at me, disappearing out the door. I ground my teeth and took a calming breath before I stepped up towards the counter. I pulled on a polite hollow smile and handed the receptionist the signed slips. "How did your first day go, dear?" the receptionist gently asked. I would have to find out this lady's name. She was the first nice person I had encountered today, and I felt the need to thank her somehow. "It went better than I had expected," I said a weak smile pulled onto my face. She sent me a sympathetic look before handing me a chocolate chip cookie. I gratefully took the cookie and thanked her before I went on my way. When I got to my truck, it was almost the last car in the lot. I sat inside for a while, just staring out the windshield blankly munching on my newly acquired cookie. Soon enough after I had finished my cookie, I turned the key and the engine roared to life. I headed back to my house, contemplating what happened earlier.