chest and I wrapped my arms around to her back, holding her close. Her skin was warm and smooth and I wished that my hands weren't so freezing cold so that I could touch her. Neither of us said anything for a while, probably in fear of us biting our tongues off in the process. Bella shifted her arms, wrapping one around my back to my shoulder and her very cold chest pressed into mine. I closed my eyes, holding in a groan. I swear someone evil and someone angelic were conspiring against me to have my wildest dream come true, yet not live long enough to be able to tell anyone about it. The more Bella trembled the more THEY rubbed against my chest. Bella rubbed her hand up and down my back, across my shoulders, and down my arm in constant movement. I wasn't sure that a heart could actually explode, but I knew that mine was getting pretty damn close. I opened my mouth to speak, but my lips were trembling as Bella moved even closer, her face just an inch from mine. Our noses brushed against one another. "Evven yyourr nnnose is frfrfreezzingg." Bella mumbled. I wanted to respond, but by now my brain had shrunk to the size of a gnat and I don't think I could speak to save my life. I gave her a trembling smile and squeezed her closer to me, her lips brushing across my own. Both of our eyes widened in surprise. "Sssorry." I mumbled out. "S'ookay." She glanced into my eyes and then pressed her lips to my own. I wanted to demand to have my brain back so that I could think properly to give her a good kiss, but apparently it wasn't only my body that had gone numb. "I'm not kissing you." Bella mumbled, pressing her lips to mine again. "Hhmm..." Was all that I could mumble out. I had no idea what she was talking about, it sure seemed like kissing to me, but I didn't really care what she called it as long as she kept doing it. Finally I was able to salvage enough brain power to get my lips to move in a more organized manner and I pressed my lips into hers. If she didn't want to call this kissing, I was completely fine with that, it is not like anyone would believe me if I told them that I spent Christmas Eve, making out with Bella Swan in our underwear. But I swear that is what we did. I couldn't tell you if it was five minutes or five hours that our lips continued to caress and massage against one another. We would gasp for air, but that didn't stop us from continuing right where we left off. Then suddenly, Bella pulled back, looking into my eyes. "Better?" "Huh?" I mumbled confused. "I don't know about you, but I'm not cold anymore." It was then that I noticed that her voice was even and no longer trembled. At the same time I noticed that I had legs and arms that could move comfortably, touching most of Bella's bare skin should have been a good sign, but to say I was distracted would have been an understatement. If I had been able to breathe at all, it would have been steady and smooth. "Huh," I said again. "Well, how about that." Bella grinned and moved back a little, however kept her body close to mine. "So . . . that was . . . ?" I asked, referring to our little make-out session. "That was warming us up." "Huh..." I said for the third time in a row. "So it wasn't kissing?" "Nope." Bella said confidently. "Sure, sure." I sighed, rolling my eyes. I may not be the smartest guy ever, but surely I can tell when someone is kissing me. "Alright, well if you ever need warming up again, you let me know." I smiled. Bella laughed and slapped her hand against my chest. "Be nice." I grinned and shrugged. "I am just offering my heating services, you know, just in case." Bella shook her head and we laughed together, until we heard Charlie's voice. "Bella! Jacob!" "Oh my god!" We both gasped together. (* * * * *) It turns out that it was still the best Christmas of my life and despite many near death experiences that night, I lived to tell about it. I stroked my hand through Bella's hair softly and took a deep breath, the stench in the air reminding me of where I was. I glanced over at Edward and he wasn't happy, which should have pleased me, but it was irritating that he was in my head to begin with. "Get out of my head." I glared at Edward. "I wish I could. You have no idea how loud your little fantasies are. It's like you're shouting them at me." Fantasies, you wish! "I'll try to keep it down," I whispered sarcastically, like there was really a volume control on thoughts. He was just jealous because I actually did do something with Bella without actually killing her. "Yes, I'm jealous of that, too." He answered my unspoken comment. "I figured it was like that," I whispered smugly. "Sort of evens the playing field up a little, doesn't it?" Edward chuckled. "In your dreams." "You know, she could still change her mind," I taunted. "Considering all the things I could do with her that you can't. At least, not without killing her, that is." "Go to sleep, Jacob," Edward murmured. "You're starting to get on my nerves." "I think I will. I'm really very comfortable." I held Bella a little tighter and thought about going to sleep, but it really bothered me that he kept poking around in my head and I couldn't get into his. There were so many things that I would love to ask if given the chance . . .