I turned around to face Ali and Jasmine and said, "I am ready, lets' go and get me married". They smiled back at me and adjusted the veil. I was handed my flowers and I started down the hall to where my dad was waiting for me to walk me down the aisle At 2pm, the music started and Alice, Jasmine and Angela walked down the aisle. The music changed and "A thousand Years" by Christina Perri started playing and I started the slow walk down the staircase from the upper levels of the venue. With each step I was nervous I kept my eyes on my feet so I would not fall. As my feet touched the floor and I was on a stable flat surface once more I looked up. What awaited me was a sight I would never forget. There were garlands of beautiful delicate flowers hanging from the rafters, there were a million twinkling lights and before me stood my soon to be husband. He looked to be as nervous as me. On each side of the aisle was our families and with each step I was getting closer and closer to my future. We timed the song to end as I got to the alter. My dad shook his hand and kissed me on the cheek and went to sit down. The minister looked at both of us and said, Jasper this is Bella, Bella this is Jasper. We smiled at one another and briefly shook hands. The ceremony started with a note from our friends and family to the other one. "Jasper, Bella's family and friends want you to know that Bella is a wonderful person with a huge heart. She is always willing to give her all to everyone and this is also he greatest downfall. She gives to everyone but never takes from anyone. She is the last person to ever ask for help. Don't let her hard exterior fool you, She feels everything deeply and it affects her more than she lets on. Be patient with her and don't let her get away with saying that nothing is wrong. She could be the best thing to ever happen to you." The minister told him. "Bella, Jasper's friends and family want you to know that Jasper often gets caught up in the emotions of a situation and has a hard time thinking through them. He feels deeply and wants to right the wrongs of the world. Jasper is an amazing person who will give the shirt off his back to someone in need. He will never ask for anything so don't let this fool you. Don't let him off the hook because he is having a hard time. Push him to talk and open up. Show him it is a wonderful thing to be a little selfish now and then." The minister told me. It was amazing that we were so much alike and our friends even indicated that in the messages to one another. With the formalities over, we joined hands and the traditional part of the ceremony started. With the exchanging of vows, he gently kissed me on the corner of my mouth shyly. And I returned the kiss. We walked back down the aisle towards a waiting room. After the stress of the ceremony I turned to him and said, "Hi Jasper, I am Bella. So it looks like we are married." He smiled back at me and said, "looks like we are, I reckon I should be nice to you, huh." I laughed at his antics. We talked a little bit about the commonalities in the messages from our friends and exchanged information about what we did for a living. Before we knew it we were being whisked away to pose for pictures. It was fun and Jasper made it fun. He was nice and I was glad that I was matched with someone I could see myself with. He was easy to be around and that made things easier. The rest of the wedding went by without a hitch. Soon we were on our way to our hotel for the night before our honeymoon. "So are you ok with sleeping in the same bed or what?" he asked me. I nodded and with that we bid the camera crews good night. We had been recorded all day and I hoped that I would get used to it. The deal was that the crews would film interviews with us every week and we would record our lives with a hand held camera. I guess this was how it was going to be for the experiment. It was strange but so was the situation we found ourselves in. "Bella?" my new husband asked me. "yes?" I answered. "I am glad that it was you I was matched with; I think that had I met you under normal circumstances I would have been afraid to approach you in fear of rejection. You are very beautiful and so far out of my league." He told me. "I was going to say the same thing." I told him. He pulled me in for a hug and within seconds we found ourselves kissing lightly. His tongue slightly licked my lip and I opened my mouth to him. Our tongues wrestled for dominance and his grip on me tightened. He slowly kissed my neck and back to my lips. I knew we needed to stop. I couldn't ruin everything before it began. He apparently had the same thought. "I'm sorry" he said, "I couldn't help it" he finished. With that being said he went into the bathroom and I started to change out of my dress and into my silk night gown. I laid in bed waiting for him but I fell asleep before he returned. Please let me know what you all think. I haven't decided if this is something I want to continue. But will do so based on what everyone thinks.