so happy about earlier. Rose was glaring at me, and if looks could kill, hers most definitely would have. "What do you think you're doing?" she hissed at me. "Are you crazy?" "What does it look like I'm doing?" I responded evenly. The entire school was silent. Even Bella was frozen in place. Her mouth hung open in shock but her eyes were alight with the unmistakable emotion of happiness. The principal was gaping at me. His mind was a jumble and he wasn't entirely sure that I was serious, so I stood up. "$5,000," I said firmly, to get my point across. The Cullens have way too much money, he thought. But none-the-less, he shook his head and began to speak. "$5,000 going once." "Going twice." He paused - a little too long for my liking - and said, "Sold." He turned to my angel. "Well, Miss Swan, you are now promised to Edward Cullen for $5,000." I felt the corners of my mouth twitch into a crooked smile. As I made my way through the still shocked crowd of students and towards Bella, my grin began to grow even wider. I walked up to the stage and held my hand up to her. "Shall we?" I said softly. A beautiful smile spread across her face and she took my hand eagerly. I couldn't help but notice the warmth that radiated from it. It shot right through me and my heart leapt to life at the contact. It also didn't escape my notice the electricity that seemed to travel through my entire body at her mere touch. She was aware of it too. I could tell by the look on her lovely face. I carefully led her down the stairs and safely to the gym floor. I lifted her hand to my lips, never breaking eye contact, and placed a light kiss on her knuckles. Straightening myself, I leaned into her, smiling. "Well, Bella. I believe we have a date for next Saturday night," I whispered into her ear. She shivered in response. Whether it was from my cool breath or the intimacy of the gesture, I do not know. "Yes. I believe we do," she breathed into my face. I was momentarily stunned. Bella had an amazing affect on me and she didn't even know it. She had just dazzled me. Ignoring the gawking students, we walked out the gym, through the school, and to my car. "Alice can take your car home," I said, taking her keys and placing them on her back tire. She just nodded in return. I turned to her and said, "I would like to take you some place very special to me." I looked deeply into her eyes. "Will you come with me?" I asked. I may have sounded calm but on the inside I was nervous that she might possibly refuse me. I would beg her if I had to. She nodded her head slightly. "Yes." I opened the passenger door for her and she slid into the leather seat of my Volvo. I eagerly got into the driver's side and sped off towards our destination. It took about ten minutes to reach the edge of the woods that led to my meadow. She was a bit hesitant at first to go hiking, but I assured her that it would be well worth it in the end. A couple of hours later we were nearly at my meadow, and I was growing extremely anxious. It would normally take only five minutes for me to reach it, but I had to match Bella's human pace. My excitement was growing exponentially with the knowledge that we were nearly there - I couldn't wait to see her reaction. We were at the edge of the clearing now, the entire meadow before us. The circular clearing was filled with an array of wildflowers of various colors. Bella marveled at the beauty before her, but it was nothing compared to her radiance. "Edward, it's beautiful," she gasped. It still sent shivers through my body whenever she spoke my name. I don't know if I would ever get used to it. She moved slowly through the tall grass, extending her arms to her sides to lightly touch the flowers as she passed. I followed closely behind watching her take it all in. She turned to me after a few moments. Her eyes bore into mine. And once again it felt as if she were trying to look into my soul. I couldn't break away, and this time there would be no one here to interrupt us. "Why did you bring me here?" she asked softly. She was merely inches away from me and her warmth enveloped me. I took her hand in mine and began tracing slow circles on the back of it. "I wanted to share this with you. This place is very special to me. I've never brought anyone here before….until now." We both inadvertently moved closer to each other. "Thank you for sharing this with me," she said, with a soft smile. "You're the only one I would want to share this with." She blushed at that comment and it was beautiful. It was the truth though. This place was only for Bella and I. "Bella….." I trailed off, suddenly very nervous. "Yes?" She squeezed my hand, urging me to continue. It was all I needed. I pulled her closer to me and wrapped my arms around her waist. In response she placed her hands on my chest. She felt so right in my arms. I never wanted to let her go. It was now or never, I thought. Taking an unnecessary, but much needed breath I said, "There is something I would like to tell you." A/N: Please review this. It is my first fanfic and I would love some feedback in order to improve my writing. You're opinions would mean a lot to me. Thanks and I hope you enjoyed the story.