it but from what i have experience i don't think there a soul mate of my own anywhere near this planet. [Renesmee pov] This bar isn't so bad after all the music is good and almost half of the dudes in here have come up to me to either ask me to dance or my number i have decline all since they all seem to want an easy gil something to have fun for one night and that's not what i'm actually looking for. After watching my sister dance and grind on half of the man here i decide to hit the bar there are just things i wish i never saw While having a vodka with orange juice and dancing all by myself i see Esther walking towards where i was a little too excited. " OMGG Renesmee You won't believe it i have just seen the sexiest man ever he looks so strong and tall is like he was made just for me " Im sure she could just be acting like her dramatic self she always has a way of making things bigger than they actually are. " i'm sure he's not all that Esther " " well that's because you haven't seen him look that's him right there next to the short strong guy he looks just so amazing" Now that i see him i realize how Esther is right he looks like the type of man you go to the doctor to and the doctor gives you a description of him knowing your life would end up flip around for a guy like that . "Oh Esther i see you wasn't lying he looks pretty handsome" i could not really tell her i thought he was sexy i know what my sister is capable of She could secretly make up a plan to ruin my days if i said that " well he is definitely going to be my dinner breakfast and meal today and every other day " "Well this would only happen if he actually likes you esther," i secretly hope he didn't my sister always gets every guy she likes and this one's actually cute but i doubt he would reject my sister i haven't really met a guy who have not " he won't i promise you that and look his walking over here " she looks like a child who's about to get a big price . " how do i look ?" Esther said while looking at him walk towards where we were . " you look like you look everyday " i said while beginning to look nervous and just plain watch the floor to make no eye contact . " well that means i look great " .. yeah my sister pretty much likes herself so much i sometimes think if she could date her self she actually would. Without looking i hear his sexy strong man voice that kind of voice a man has just minutes after waking up that kind of voice makes me crazy. [ Jacob pov] Man i can't believe how lucky i'm going to get tonight ,while standing up drinking my beer next to where the bar is i spotted twins man god is good twins i actually never been with twins before which meant my dreams would come true tonight . It has been 10 minutes now and neither of them has stop staring at me which mean they were thinking the same as me one of them had brown hair she look cute but the one with black hair look super hot plus she looks more easy going than her sister I say this because god i been with so many woman that i know the difference between bad and good. So i decide to walk to them since seth dumb ass is in the dance floor already and i'm sure he has already convince her of taking her home which meant it was time for me to take my twins home and do all types of amazing stuff to them. My main target is the type of short one with black hair well her twin is short too just because i'm 6'4 which means i'm probably taller than all the guys at the bar right now . "Hey beautiful , i'm Jacob and you are " i said looking at her with that kind of look a girl knows you want to take her home she smile and told me " hey sexy i'm Esther " Esther is a sexy name , while we were staring at each other i couldnt help but to look at her sister she does look more beautiful even with her head down to the floor which i found really odd maybe she found me ugly looking but either way my mission tonight is to make my dream come true and have them both so of course i have to talk to her . And you sexy what's your name at the moment her sister looked a little annoyed that i wanted to know her sister name but i honestly didn't care remember my mission tonight she looked as if she was scared to look and slowly put her face up . When she finally put her beautiful face up and our eyes met i felt like nothing else matter she was the most beautiful women my eyes have ever seen and i knew now i had to do everything i could to make her mines I couldnt believe i imprinted I sudelling felt sick for wanting to take her and her sister home i'm just a dickhead i would never disrespect my beautiful imprint like that ever again After a minute of just staring at each other she finally said " um sorry i'm Renesmee" and that right there is the most beautiful name i have ever heard coming from the most beautiful voice from the perfect girl made just for me .