myself before I walked into the cabin bedroom. "Well, hello there. Who's the sheila?" asked the pirate with a lascivious smirk. Bella buried her face against my chest and I held her more tightly. I didn't say anything. The pirate reached out with his free hand and stroked his thick fingers down Bella's mud covered cheek which unfortunately did nothing to hide the high cheekbones and heart shaped jawline below. She cringed. "Don't be like that, Sweetheart. I'm just tryin' to be friendly," Jimmy cajoled. Bella looked at him warily. "What's your name?" "B...Bella," she stuttered out in a whisper. "Well, B...Bella, my name's Jimmy. How'd you like to come with me onto my boat and we can have a little fun?" "Ahhhh," Bella squeaked out in fear as she shook her head, no. "How old are you, Sweetheart?" asked the pirate as he gazed upon Bella with lust in his eyes. "She's fourteen," I lied, hopping that the pirate was decent enough not to play around with minors. I was right. The pirate scowled. I heaved a silent sigh of relief. "Get her into the lounge with the others," sneered Jimmy. I carried Bella into the lounge and put her on the sofa between my mother and Alice, squeezing her hand reassuringly as I stepped back. "Alright. You Yanks stay here and keep quiet while we help ourselves to your belongings, and nobody gets hurt. Does anybody not understand?" asked Jimmy sarcastically. "Good!" he said when he was met with silence. "Lock the door Larry and guard it. If you hear any sound from within that might indicate these good people are trying to escape through a window or break down the door, then shoot." "Sure, Jimmy," agreed Larry with an eager cackle. The pirates (Jimmy and Vivi) ransacked the boat for nearly two hours, taking anything of value they could remove easily. We heard repeated gunshots at one point followed by a loud cracking sound and a small explosion, but I wasn't worried about fire when I heard the automatic fire extinguisher activate. A large motorboat sped away from the Victory at around 1 o'clock in the morning. We waited about an hour before we were sure we were alone, and then Emmett busted through the door with his massive body. The pirates had taken all of the satellite equipment, including the dish. The CB radio as well as the GPS, radar and sonar equipment I had on board was also gone, along with all of the scuba gear and most of the spear fishing equipment and the rods. I realized when I got up on deck that the loud crack we'd heard was the sound of the main mast breaking as they shot at it. It lay at a drunken, dangerous angle over the boat like a broken tree that had been hit by lightning. The boats motor was fried, riddled with bullet holes and steaming under it's thick blanket of fire retardant foam. They'd ransacked our cabins and taken all of our money and all items of value such as jewelery, but thankfully the girls hadn't brought much with them on this cruise, and the pirates seem to have forgotten that Mom, Alice and Rosalie were wearing their engagement and wedding rings, which collectively were worth a small fortune. The Victory was deaf and blind and virtually paralyzed in the middle of the largest ocean in the world with no way to move other than what the ocean currents and my maneuvering of the rudder would allow. We were fortunate that the pirates hadn't taken our food or our water, and the desalinator and a generator were still safely tucked away in the mechanical room where I'd been working on them earlier that day. All of my tools were still there as well. I don't know why they missed searching that room, but I could only be grateful they'd left us with some way of surviving until we drifted near land or were found by a ship. Three days later a fucking hurricane formed right over the top of us dumping thousands of gallons of rain and sea water over the Victory. The mast snapped completely in the howling winds smashing a jagged hole in the deck, which allowed the rain and sea water to pour into the accommodation area. When the battering waves dumped us onto a reef, the screeching, tearing sound of the hull ripping could be heard over the howling of the wind. We began to take on sea water quickly. Emmett and I ran to get the bilge pump working – we'd hooked it up to the generator as soon as daylight came after we were pirated – and it hadn't been turned off since. The only good thing to come out of hitting the reef was the certain knowledge that we were in shallower water, and shallower water in combination with a reef meant that we were close to land. We all kept a close watch for two days since the storm passed as I tried to steer the Victory in the direction I thought the land laid, but there was no sight of it yet. The girls were getting disheartened and the listing of the boat was making us all sea-sick. We needed to find land soon or I was afraid we wouldn't survive. Another night descended dashing any hope of being rescued for another day. Fuck it all. Fuck! ... A/N: Review, review please. Some photos are on my blog and the link is on my profile page. In case you didn't figure it out, Jimmy is James; Larry is Laurent and Vivi is Victoria, but we didn't meet her. 'Oi' is Aussie and British slang, which roughly translated means 'hey or hey there' and is said (usually yelled) to get somebody's attention. It is pronounced like 'oil' but drop the 'l'. Sheila is Aussie slang for a female. Gunna is the Aussie version of 'gonna' meaning "going to'.