"Your family talks about you all the time. I've heard countless stories." Her smile broadened and she had glint in her eye that made him think she was recounting those stories in her mind at that very moment. For some reason, though he knew had no reason to be, he was terribly worried what she might have learned. He knew better than to think his family would have anything less than flattering things to say. They had always seen the best in him, even when he was no longer able to see it himself. How he wished he could hear her thoughts in that moment, if only to see what they had told her. It baffled Edward that she was completely closed off to him. He had never come across anyone like her in all his years. No one had ever been able to hide from his gift….until now, it seemed. Yet, as off putting as that realization should have been, Edward found the silence utterly refreshing. How long had it been since he could enjoy the silence while in the company of someone else? It had been far too long, for Edward's liking. He truly cherished the fact that he couldn't read her. She was quite a rarity. Edward's eyebrow rose questioningly at her. "All good?" Edward hoped his tone did not give away his anxiety. Her smile turned mischievous and her eyes gleamed. "Of course…..but you know Emmett." She laughed again. "He always loved to poke fun of you, even though you weren't around to defend yourself." Edward groaned, throwing his arm up to cover his eyes. "What did he say about me?" She moved her body up along his, pulling his arm away so she could look him in the eye. "Only that for the majority of the time he lived with you, you were an emo little shit who needed to get laid." Edward laughed with her this time. He knew his brother wasn't too far off the mark with that assessment. He was emo, and he had needed to get laid. But no one ever called to him until Bella. In fact, Edward had been terrified he may very well spend eternity a virgin. It wasn't something he was particularly keen to see come to fruition, but he also wasn't about to fall into any vampire's bed just to stamp his V-card, as Emmett had so politely put it on many occasion. Edward flexed his fingers around Bella's hips, pulling her closer and brushing his nose along hers. Her laughter halted instantly and she sighed, curling her arms around his neck and pressing herself closer still. "And what do you think, Bella?" He loved saying her name. It felt right somehow for him to be saying it, like he was meant to. But more importantly, he loved how it caused another one of those delicious sighs to leave her perfect lips. "I think," she began cautiously, her lids suddenly heavy as she looked at him from under her lashes. "That nothing could have prepared me for how much I love you." She said the words so softly but Edward could hear the conviction behind every word. He was struck speechless. It was as if he brain had forgotten how to function. "Bella, I-" She pressed her lips to his before he could say another word. Their lips molded together as if they had been doing it for years and not as if they had only met moments ago. "You don't have to say it," she mumbled, her mouth still pressed to his. "You don't have to say it because I did." Edward didn't hesitate. He shook his head fiercely, cupping her face in his large hands and kissing her back with an intensity that caused a shudder to run through her. "I won't say it because you said it." He paused, stroking his thumb along her cheek. "I'll say it because I want to." Her eyes opened, surprise and relief evident in the dark hazel staring back at him. "W-What?" He chuckled, kissing her again; a soft press of his lips to hers that held a promise of so much more to come. For him, it was a promise of an eternity of love and devotion. A clipped laugh escaped him, his fingers weaving into her hair, drawing her forehead to his. "God, I never thought it would happen. Never - even if I lived for a million years - did I ever think it would happen to me." His laughter grew, turning into something carefree and unencumbered. "And now that it has, I don't want to hold it in. I won't hold it in." Instantly, he became serious, pulling back just enough to look into her eyes. "I love you, Bella." She sat up, straddling him as she gazed down at him, bewildered. "You do?" He sat up too, trying not to let her gloriously naked body to distract him as he wrapped her in his embrace. "I do…..very much, Bella." She threw her arms around him as a deliriously happy laugh bubbled out of her. He couldn't help but join her. His laughter started low but increased in volume as wave after wave of euphoria swept over him. He'd never been so happy in his life. Her smile was radiant as she rose to her feet. He frowned at this. He adored the position they were in. But as she extended her hand, he ignored her naked flesh to the best of his abilities, and took it, allowing her to bring him to his feet as well. "Let's go home, Edward," she said in answer to his frown as she threw his clothes at him. "We've all been waiting so long for you." He hooked an arm around her waist, bringing her in for another kiss. When they parted, he smiled down at her, his future never looking so bright before. "Not nearly as long as I've been waiting for you, my love."