what had happened to her in 1925. I wish I could have helped. It was the wrong time for me to find you." As she spoke I saw what she had seen when Bella was taken from Chicago. Demetri was the one to take Bella. They went to Italy in an airplane. I saw Bella crying in the audience chamber of the Volturi stronghold, Aro holding her hand and seeing nothing. Aro biting her and changing her. I had wondered who had changed her. My arm snaked around Bella's waist as she looked at me, curious and worried. I shook my head as the male spoke up. "My name is Jasper Whitlock. I was changed in 1863 by an immortal named Maria after taking a group of women and children from Galveston to Houston. When she realized I had a talent she used me to train her fighters to wage war against other immortals in the South. I trained them and also kept them in line, so they didn't fight among themselves." "What's your talent?" asked Carlisle. "I can read and influence other's emotions." "Why are you here?" I asked, trying and failing to keep the growl from my voice. As soon as I spoke another wave of calm rolled over us. "We mean you no harm," began Alice. "As soon as I saw your coven I knew we should be a part of it. I felt as if we belonged with you." She paused, wringing her hands. "That's the only way I can explain it." Her eyes took on a far away look and I could see everything she saw. It was quick flashes of scenes: All six of us moving into another into a larger house, Alice and I spending time together, Alice and Bella shopping together, Jasper, Carlisle and I hunting together, Jasper struggling to feed only from animals, Jasper protecting Bella from - something - I couldn't see. "Wait," I started, "what was that? Who was threatening Bella?" Alice shook her head but didn't speak. She seemed surprised I could follow her vision as it happened. Jasper was staring intently at Alice. His thoughts showed how much he wanted to be me, so he could share Alice's ability with her. He was also pushing support and love out to his Alice. "What did you see?" Carlisle asked. He didn't direct it to either of us. "Us, all six of us, living our lives together: hunting, shopping, Jasper protecting Bella from something," I replied. I turned to Alice, "You can't see anything else about that?" She shook her head as Jasper placed an arm around her shoulders and curled her into his body. "I'm sorry. It's blurry. Usually that means it's far into the future and may not come to pass or we haven't met all the players yet. When we do, I'll have the vision again and in greater detail." "Or do you mean you haven't met all the players but we might have?" I asked. She nodded slowly. "I don't know who it could be. I will keep watch but if it's far into the future it could be decades before I see it again. I don't want anything to happen to Bella either. I already feel as if she's my sister." No one moved or spoke for a few minutes, until Bella broke from our line and embraced Alice, strongly. She pulled away and said, "You've watched us for a long time, haven't you?" Alice nodded. "You needed the perfect time to approach us. When you saw this exact moment you knew. That vision was something new though, something you didn't expect." "I never expect them. They just come, always have." Bella looked up at Jasper who still had an arm around Alice. "They have my vote to stay. They would be a perfect addition to our family." "We'll need a new house," Esme said. "I know the perfect one." Her thoughts showed it to me and it was the one in Alice's vision, the one we were moving into. I looked at Alice and smiled. She returned it as she thought about the vision of the house. I nodded shortly. Alice's smile grew as I heard Carlisle's thought a moment before he spoke: "Well, it looks as if we have two new family members. After we get settled into our new home we'll figure everything else out. Welcome, Alice and Jasper to your family. We'll help each other through this." He came forward and placed a hand on Jasper's shoulder. Esme rushed forward and embraced Alice as Bella had. My mother figure always wanted a large family and it looked as if she finally got her wish. Carlisle was much the same. He seemed to thrive being around others. I had noticed this after he had changed me. He taught me everything I needed to know to survive, including company, something he had lacked for many years. Bella, having been an only child, felt she missed so much not having a sibling. She seemed to glow as she stood with Alice and Jasper, Esme and Carlisle. Her hand reached out to me, I took it without much thought. I felt a kinship with Alice, having an ability such as ours, could be overwhelming. We both found another to ease us. I had my Bella and it seemed as if I got the better deal since she could shield me from others. Jasper did seem to ease Alice, just his presence calmed her. It had nothing to do with his ability. It seemed as our family grew we became quite powerful. A mind reader, a shield, an empath and a seer, what a powerful combination. Only the Volturi could have a problem with us. We knew how to evade them and still live our lives. Knowing the Volturi as we did it could be decades before they would know or care about us. We could handle that. I knew we could. THE END 147