watched with rapt attention as she dipped beneath the water and doubled back, propelling her body toward the beach with the grace and speed of an immortal. Her long hair fanned out behind her like a veil of soft lace, undulating around her flawless, alabaster skin, and could've been easily mistaken for the tail of a the mythical mermaid. A goddess amongst demons. The Princess broke the surface of the water a few seconds later and stood in the forefront of the moon, the cerulean light highlighting her frame like a halo. While human eyes would've seen only shadows, I was able to imprint every inch of her body into my mind for further reference. And such a vision would need reviewed often. She ran her hands seductively over her small breasts and subtle curves, sloughing the excess water off her succulent body with a flick of her wrists. I felt her amusement flow across the expanse between us, and I surmised that she enjoyed the effect she had on men, us in particular. Peter and I moaned simultaneously as the petite temptress explored her body, teasing us with every movement. Watching her was exquisite torture. I spared a glance at my brother and realized he was just as besotted by the blonde beauty. We were both toast. I had only been an immortal for thirty years, yet even now, so many years after my death, I still remembered the reserved rules of society. The pageantry and modest dress of women in my era was indeed alluring. It was a mystery, a sinful daydream to imagine what lay beneath the layers upon layers of fabric beneath their skirts. Yet, this woman showed little modesty, and even though the gentleman within me screamed at me to look away from her nakedness, the beast within rather enjoyed the show, aching to be one with her. I couldn't glance away from her bare skin, even had I wanted to. Isabella quickly shook out her corn-silk hair and opened her eyes, a sly smile spreading across her blood-red lips. It was as I thought. She knew we were coming. The woman sauntered out of the water and slowly, tortuously, made her toward Peter and me as though we were her quarry, instead of the other way around. My Persephone eyed the two of us like a hungry lioness on the prowl, and I waited with immense eagerness for her to pounce upon her kill. Her venomous teeth embedded in my throat sounded particularly heavenly, now—the scorching evidence of her ferocity arousing. Once before me, Isabella continued to scrutinize me with heavy lidded eyes, examining my brother and I like prized stallions at an auction. I winked at her and she blushed at the gesture, unconsciously licking her lips. The blood flushed everything from her rounded cheeks to her gorgeous breasts. Gah! Her body's reaction to mine set me afire and deliciously spread throughout my hardened veins, her emotions awakening something foreign in my heart…as well as other parts of my body. She moaned slightly when she caught sight of my evident desire, and I was immediately enveloped in the perfume of her arousal, the projection of her lust nearly dropping me to my knees. Her emotions were equally distracting. Hell, I wanted to be on my knees, a veritable slave to her womanly wiles. I was immediately roosted from my reverie by her musical voice, saddened to find the object of my desire clothed in a silken dressing gown courtesy of her hulking guard, Felix. Bastard! "I must admit, the two of you are the most handsome assassins Maria has ever sent to thwart me. However, I warn you, I have several centuries more prowess between my thighs than either of you have in battle." She leaned in inches from my face and swiftly cupped my manhood, biting her bottom lip, her onyx eyes twinkling with excitement. "I can offer you so much more that she can. Will you my guest or my enemy ?" "Your guest, Mistress." And anything else you so desire, Isabella. "Well, then. You boys are in luck. I treat my guests like royalty and personally attend to their every need ," she purred in my ear, stroking my length softly. Her forwardness was bordering on dangerous. My painfully swollen member went hand-in-hand with my inner demon, my alter ego—both were yearning for me mark her as my own. I wanted her beautiful body bathed in my venom. I shuddered as she stroked me again, moments from exploding in her hand. Right at the brink of my release, she released my cock, leaving me hard and wanton. Evil little minx. Isabella smiled brightly and softly motioned the overly muscled guard back to her side. He stepped forward and bowed deeply, matching her grin with his own. His emotions were heavily laden by lust and possessiveness, and I had to tamp down the beast who wanted to rip this sexual rival limb from limb. "Felix, gather some clothing and take my guests to the hot springs to freshen up. Then, if you'd be so kind, keep them company until the morn. I wish to retire." "Of course, Mistress. Since I am otherwise engaged, shall I send someone to your bedchamber in my stead?" She pinched his cheek and softly laughed at his statement. Even though her amusement was not directed at me, the pealing sound lit a charge in my body, further fanning my desire. "No. I need no bed partner tonight. If I am to thoroughly entertain my new guests tomorrow, I require much rest." Oh, Lord. We were dead men. Well, what do you think? Hope you liked it. Happyghost, Geezerwench, and Caystar specifically. AN: I used Google translator for Maria's statement. If it's not translated properly, I apologize. With prior permission, the nature of Peter's gift was borrowed from the author Fakin'it. She has some awesome stories with brilliant theories about everything in Meyer's world. Check them out!