today. Perhaps, I would've heard this tale sooner, cluing me in on the events transpiring around me. Regardless of the timing, I was happy to learn of it now. When the tall Texan completed his rather somber tale, ending with a happy note, I found myself truly proud of his accomplishments on his long road to redemption. He winked at me when he caught the tenor of my emotions and sent a wave of love and trust back to me in response. At that moment, I knew that I had gained a new ally and brother, to Edward's chagrin. ~~RB~~ "An army," Alice whispered. "Why didn't you tell me?" Jasper told his wife that he had been uncertain that the threat in Seattle had been the byproduct of a newborn army, and so, he had brushed his concerns aside. But, as time passed, he couldn't shake the feelings that his instincts were indeed correct, when no other theory seemed to match up. And now, he was certain that the threat was real and needed quick thinking on their parts. "What can we do?" Carlisle asked. Edward scoffed at first, arguing everyone's theories, but eventually he was forced to agree with Jasper's assessment. Obviously, there was no alternative than to eradicate the threat, post-haste, before the Volturi crossed the ocean to do the same – thus, prompting a visit to the Cullens' doorstep to check on Edward promise. Not exactly my idea of a good time. Esme and Rosalie spoke briefly about the Denali clan and wondered if the danger involved them, as well, or if it were just them that were effected. Carlisle picked up his phone and called the Alaskan Patriarch but was quite disappointed by the family's dismissal. Laurent's death was directly correlated to me—via the wolves—and thus, the coven were adamantly opposed to assisting the Cullens in their endeavor, as he was one of the Denali sister's mate. Aww! Laurent's death hadn't garnered an ounce of remorse from me. He was a royal dick and got what he deserved. Siding with Victoria—especially when he was chummy-chummy with Irina— wasn't the finest moment in his very long existence. The first moment I saw him, I knew he was untrustworthy. Yet, even then, I hadn't heeded my gut feeling, fully trusting in the Cullens to protect me. His eyes, not the color, had told of his malevolence and true allegiance. There was something deeply rooted in his psyche that had made my skin crawl. How naive I had been. Jasper offered to call his former coven mates, Peter and Charlotte, but Carlisle politely declined his offer. I thought the Edward's father, for all intents and purposes, was bat-shit crazy to ignore any help, especially from those who had experience in such matters. But, like the dutiful girlfriend Edward wanted, I kept my mouth shut. Carlisle called around to more of his acquaintances but had received the same disappointing rejections. He had almost given up hope when he dialed the last number. The man's name was Garrett, and he sounded pleasant enough. His rich baritone voice echoed through the house, causing the little hairs on my arms to stand on end. It was a pleasant but strange sensation. "Ah, Carlisle. For what do I owe the honor of this call?" Carlisle fidgeted slightly ( fidgeted? A vampire?) and replied with a pleasant tone, "Well, Garrett, my old friend, I've called to plead for your assistance in a personal matter." "Sounds intriguing, Carlisle." "Have you kept abreast of the news recently?" "No, the nomad life is relatively carefree, as you well know. I generally don't burden myself with the particulars, for the most part, unless there are whispers of war. Should I assume war is on the horizon?" "Unfortunately, that is the case. An unknown enemy is amassing a newborn army in Seattle. By the huge body count, they are obviously both untrained and utterly uncontrollable. My family and I fear the Volturi's involvement. We don't wish to have a visit from Italy. You know the manner in which they operate. It seems prudent to deal with the issue ourselves, rather then risk their wrath. I'm wondering if you would help us in this endeavor?" "Well, it's not as though I have any other things on my plate, at the moment, Carlisle. Life has been tedious, as of late, and I'm itching for a good fight. Newborns are the most fun to battle. Fast, angry, uncontrollable…and dumber than cat shit…" Jasper snorted and nodded his head. Alice's eyes glazed over and then she squealed, shouting that Garrett would definitely be coming. Damn little, clairvoyant pixie! "I'd be happy to help you in any capacity. You know me and a good fight...can't turn it down. I'm in the Dakota Territory and should be there by twilight." "Garrett?" "Yes, Carlisle?" "I want you to be aware that Edward has a mate…she's still human, thus why we're frightened of angering the Volturi. He's worried about you not sharing our diet and fears for her safety. For some reason, she smells more—well, for a lack of a better word—delectable to our kind. I just wanted you to be aware." Carlisle sighed and closed his eyes, pinched the bridge of his nose. "And friend?" Garrett murmured in response. "Please, for the sake of the treaty with the Quileutes, don't hunt anywhere near Washington—especially Forks." "Carlisle, of course I'll heed your wishes and consider Edward's concerns very carefully. As you well know, I have had control of my bloodlust for some time. I'm hardly a newborn, my friend. Edward's mate will be in no danger, I assure you." "Just the same, I need you to be careful." After the two men said goodbye and the receiver disconnected, everyone sighed in relief, looking rather pleased to have gained another member in the fight. Well, everyone except Edward, who looked rather pained. That made me curious. What are you hiding, Edward? Thank you for reading! Reviews are greatly appreciated.