fire. I didn't see him again before the end of the day. Pathetically, I tried to wait around the lobby for a few hours in hopes he was busy. It beat the hell out of hurrying home only to have Jake arrive and add insult to my wounded ego. Hot Tottie was staying over the weekend, but I wasn't working. After he left, I'd assuredly be long forgotten. With my limited knowledge and experience, I could only assume I'd been blown off. I must've been misreading what he was doing. Why on earth would he be flirting with me? Jake was right. I couldn't get anybody to do me. As I went to pack up and leave, I vowed just to keep my head down, my lips shut and only speak when I absolutely had to for as long as possible. I always ended up parking several blocks away, since employees only had a few spaces and higher-ups got priority. The walk was nice, but it made me nervous since I was walking in the dark, alone. The neighborhood wasn't typically bad, but you could never be too careful. I always walked through there like I had a screw loose and as quickly as possible in order to lessen my anxiety about the certain murderer that was lurking. My steps sped, as I swore I heard footsteps behind me. They began to match time with mine. I didn't dare look back and I was almost to my car, when a hand clamped down on my shoulder. I shrieked loudly and swung wildly with my eyes closed. The outright fear pulsed through me and completely lowered whatever verbal barrier I kept meticulously in place. "Word to the wise, Shit Brick! I'm a hermaphrodite and the girl part is on the rag! So just back the fuck off!" "Whoa! Wow. Okay!" The voice sounded shockingly familiar. "That's making what you implied a few hours ago sound a little less appealing, but..." Hot Tottie was standing there in suit, with a coat thrown over his arm. I whimpered slightly as the adrenaline sped or lessoned, I couldn't be sure. In attempt not to curl into the fetal position, I kept talking. "I'm all woman. I swear. Albeit an incredibly mortified woman. So I'll save you the trouble, walk the opposite direction and hope you can find it in your heart not to tell my boss how shamelessly I threw myself at you earlier." His laugh echoed off the silent street. "That was throwing yourself at me?" "What?" "The cleavage push and the hair twirl? The 'room would be nicer with me in it' comment?You weren't exactly-" "What?!" I snipped, unfamiliar with the voice I was speaking with, as it was above a cat's meow. "I wasn't exactly, what? Appealing? Yes, I know. You made that abundantly clear." His eyes narrowed. "Pulling out your A-game." I shook my head with a huff, confused and a little insulted. "Now if it were me, you wouldn't have a question in your mind." He stepped forward and was instantly entirely too close for comfort, his eyes wandered carefully around my face. "A doubt in your head.'' He ran two fingers from my temple down and over the line of my jaw. My sharp inhale was only silenced by the thumping of my heartbeat. "You would know what I wanted." He took to staring at my lips. With only a glance and a nod of approval, his lips were on mine. They moved against them just long enough to make me moan. I inadvertently hummed when he pulled away. "Meet me in my room in twenty minutes." He flicked one of his keys up and then slipped it in my pocket. "Let yourself in and leave the fucking clip out of your hair," he demanded as my hair came down and the clip was thrown into the street. He smirked at my inability to speak, and elaborated while running his thumb over my lip. "I like something to grab onto while I'm making you scream." He winked, turned on his foot and stalked back towards the hotel. Holy shit! C heese and crackers! What the hell had I gotten myself into? I couldn't go up to some stranger's room. Not only could I risk my job, but I had about as much seduction skill as a sex-ed video. What part of a hot man wants to touch you in no-no places did you not get? I began walking towards my car. It was enough for me to know that someone like him wanted me. I started singing Someone Like You . Where? And will it be before Jake climbs off you or after that asshat gets a beer? I frowned and listened to the sound of my racing pulse. I was no longer focused on the scary, dim street, but was wrestling with what I was going to do. I walked back towards the hotel with conviction for a few steps, only to walk towards my car a few seconds later. On my third time towards the hotel, I twisted my ankle a little by tripping over a raised part of broken sidewalk. I limped away again, feeling the weight of the key in my pocket, and and tried to piece together how that happened. I yelled something dirty and completely inappropriate at him. He caused me to do something I'd never been able to do before. It was amazing. I felt amazing . He made me feel amazing. Another quarter rapidly formed in my pocket next to his key. I clapped and jumped in place, to the chagrin of my ankle and darted off towards the hotel. Not having to come back to Jake's "I told you so" was only a small part of my excitement. The rest was being supplied by the prospect of destroying the mold I'd been splintering all day. I glanced at my watch and grimaced at time. I was running late .