men." He bowed low. "Welcome, my prince." "Thank you, Jonab Mohammed." Edward's face was as white and beautiful as the best alabaster. Like that of his princess, it appeared to glow from within. His lips were red as ruby, his eyes garnet. His brown hair was spun with copper. It fell past his shoulders in a heavy sheet. He wore a royal blue sarong with a belt of thick gold. It matched the sari of the princess. Each of their necks bore a gold circlet inscribed with an ankh. On his arm was a cuff of gold and tiny bells dripped about his ankles. Edward held out his fist and Bel placed her hand upon it. With the swish of fine silk and the music of bells, they moved to sit on the closest stone bench. She stroked her heavy black braid as their servants clustered around their feet. "Jonab Mohammed," Edward said. "Come forward." The old man bowed and approached Edward. He began to kneel but Edward took his hand and prevented him. "You are my friend and trusted advisor. You instigated my rescue." "I was so worried, my prince, when you disappeared. I knew you loved the people here and would not desert us for any amount of money." "Indeed, my friend. I will never desert my people." "Thank you!" "I should be thanking you. Hold out your hands." Mahmoud gasped as Edward and Bel held out purses full of rubies, pearls, emeralds and sapphires and poured them into his hands. "What would you have me do with these, sire? I have no need of such riches." "You please me. Every afternoon, I want my students to meet with me here in the garden. I will teach them everything I know about plumbing and sanitation. And they will teach it to their own students. And one day, every person in Bangladesh will be well-fed, with safe water to drink. The children will grow straight and tall, their fathers will live to be old and their mothers will have every convenience and comfort." Mahmoud's dark eyes welled with tears. "We shall do as you command!" "Shikkhok!" a young man called out. "I would ask you something." Edward gestured for his pupil to rise. "Salam, Syed, it's good to see you!" Syed stood up. "Hasina says she will not marry me because I am Muslim and she is Hindu." Edward turned his red stare upon his first female student. She looked like she might die of fright. His red eyes danced, but he would not smile lest the people think him immature. "Hasina, why not?" "He doesn't worship you!" Edward blinked. "Worship me?" "You are like Shiva! Do we not greet the princess as Parvati?" Edward put his elbows on his knees and did his best not to laugh at Hasina. "You think Shiva and Parvati are of my kind?" "Most definitely!" "I most definitely do not want you to worship me. Some of my kind are very wicked and none of us is omnipotent." Hasina gaped at him. "You don't want to be worshipped?" "Certainly not. Now sort yourself out, worship somebody else and marry the boy." Hasina dropped a curtsy. A smile crept onto her lowered face. "Allah be praised!" Syed clapped his hands together. "God bless you, Shikkhok!" "I am blessed." He looked at Hasina. "Oh, and darling?" "Yes, Shikkhok?" "I can't eat cham cham anymore, but I do hope you'll serve me a morsel of it at your wedding. You're a fortunate man, Syed. Not only have you won my protégée, and my friendship, but you've also got a marvelous baker, there." "Thank you, Shikkhok!" Edward nodded and rose to leave. "Khoda hafez, my children." "Khoda hafez!" ^ ,_._, ^ Aro Volturi followed his security chief out onto the expansive green lawn fronting his company. A stinking black garbage bag lay there. Hundreds of blowflies buzzed around it. Aro waved them away from his face and covered his nose. The local police chief pulled away the plastic. A gray face, haloed with fiery red hair, stared up at him. Resting in the massive hole in her chest cavity was a pile of white, wormy meat. He jumped back, retching. "You see there, her heart and other organs, drained of blood and bearing the marks of teeth. It was a ritualistic killing," the police chief said. "There is a note, sir." His head of security handed him a sheet of costly paper. Aro took it from him and read it. What goes around comes around. Riley and Felix were first. Tell James he's next. I'll be checking to see if you're providing clean water to my beloved people. If you don't do as I say, you'll be last. E.M. "Do you have any idea what this note means, sir?" the police chief asked. "None at all." Aro Volturi handed it over, clenched his trembling hands into fists and walked back into his private domain. ^ ,_._, ^ Assalamu Alaikum: Peace be with you (Islam/Bangla). Used as a greeting. Salam: Peace (Islam). Used as a greeting. Shikkhok: Teacher –masculine (Bangla) Shikkhika: Teacher –feminine (Bangla) Namaste/Namashkar: I see what is holy in you, also translated as Peace be with you (Hindi/Bangla) Khoda hafez: May the Almighty look after you (Islam/Bangla). Used as a farewell. Jonab: Sir/Mister (Bangla) Community-led total sanitation : a program used in underdeveloped countries in which local residents teach others (using shame and disgust) not to defecate anywhere that may allow contamination of soil and water. Public pit latrines, enclosed for privacy, are the most common alternatives to squatting and leaving messes behind. Facilities are built and soap, ash, or water is provided for handwashing. Terms of respectful address: Younger persons are addressed by their first name, with a suffix that denotes their proper place in the elder person's family. The reverse is true when older persons are addressed by younger ones. Two people of the same age would address each other by their first name.