bag and Emmett my suitcase so that they could get it on board. As soon as Emmett took the suitcase from me, his eyes widened in surprise. "Holy crap, Bella," he huffed slightly. "What's in here?" "My entire wardrobe, including shoes and accessories," I responded breezily as I climbed onto the boat. Rosalie said while eyeing my suitcase and duffel bag, "You must have a small wardrobe. It doesn't look like too much could fit in there." I grinned, "Actually, you know those space saving bags that are always advertised on TV? I used a ton of them to make all of my stuff fit." Rosalie's expression morphed into one of mild admiration. "Nice," she simply said then looked away. Jasper said, clearly amused, "Alice is going to love you." "Alice?" I asked as he and Emmett prepped the boat. "Jasper's girlfriend," Emmett answered with a dimpled smile. "Does she live on the island?" I inquired, setting my purse on the deck. "She lives with us," Rosalie replied, sounding bored as she examined her nails. "Huh?" I asked, because I was completely lost. What kind of family lets their son's girlfriend live in their house? "There are five of us," Emmett explained as he turned the boat on and began navigating our way home. "Seven if you include our adoptive parents, Carlisle and Esme. There's Jasper, Rosalie, Alice, Edward and me. We're all adopted. I'm with Rosalie, and Jasper is with Alice. Edward is… unattached but believes in just having 'fun'." Emmett even made the air-quotes gesture using both his hands, momentarily taking his hands off the wheel. "Ahh, I see," I said and rolled my eyes. While I didn't necessarily believe in long-term relationships, I also didn't appreciate the way that some guys led girls on to get sex or whatever else they wanted. I sat down on the side of the boat next to Rosalie. She turned to look at me. "So why are you here?" Rosalie asked bluntly. "Rose," Jasper admonished. "What? It's just a question," she said then rolled her eyes. "We've never met her and we've lived at the island for, like, seven years now." I met Rosalie's eyes and explained, "Charlie has been visiting me in Arizona for the last nine years. He said it was so that I wouldn't have to worry about flying as an unaccompanied minor to and from Arizona. Since he used to be a police officer, he's very protective. He was worried that something would happen to me if I were alone in an airport." Rosalie nodded, but she was still looking at me like I was hiding something. She didn't question me any further though, so I relaxed against the railing of the boat. The sun felt so nice on my skin. I was only in a white tank top and colorful capri leggings. I hadn't even thought to change from my gym clothes. It was difficult for me to believe that I had tried to go to the gym just a couple of hours ago. The sound of a loud motor approaching startled me from my thoughts. Then, a large wave of ocean water pelted the side of the boat, splashing Rosalie and me. We both gasped in surprise. I stood up, Rosalie quickly following me, to find the source of the water. Looking out onto the water, we saw a lean-muscled guy with golden skin and bronze hair as he rode away on a jet ski. "Jackass!" we yelled at him at the same time. We shared an annoyed look, and checked to make sure that we weren't too wet. "Freakin' Edward," Rosalie complained. "That was Edward?" I asked and shook my head in annoyance. "What a douchebag," Rosalie and I said at the same time in the same tone. We looked at each other then, and Rosalie broke into a smile. "We're going to get along just fine," she said, nodding in approval. "Glad to hear it," I smiled back at her. We saw Jasper and Emmett share a look. Jasper shrugged, and Emmett muttered, "Girls are weird." Rosalie rolled her eyes at him and I chuckled as we sat down on the dry side of the boat. We all chatted a bit about what there was to do for fun around here, and they invited me to come over to their house and hang out for a bit tomorrow. It didn't take longer than ten minutes to get to the island, but I already felt like I had a good idea of who Jasper, Emmett, and Rosalie were. They seemed like good people to hang around, despite Rosalie taking a little while to warm up to me. Jasper and Rosalie assured me that I'd love Alice too, even though she was a bit much to handle at first. Once the boys finished docking the boat, Rosalie helped me get my stuff onto the dock. Emmett lugged my suitcase up the stairs, because there's no way anyone else would have been able to do it. Emmett wasn't kidding when he said they were Charlie's neighbors. They lived in the house right next door to him, so they walked me most of the way to my dad's house. "Thanks so much for the ride!" I called to them as they walked up the path to their house. "No problem. See you later, Bells!" Emmett yelled and waved like a little kid as they walked through the front door. I grinned at his use of a nickname for me already. Then, I steeled myself and walked the rest of the way to Charlie's house. I hadn't been there in almost a decade, but the house hadn't changed at all. I walked up to the front door, took a deep breath, and then rang the doorbell. Please don't let this be a mistake, I hoped to myself. So I'm making some edits to this story in the hopes of making it better. Let me know what you think!