on duty. A straw hat would be worn outside and by those who were not on duty. Most British nurses wore the grey cape for the duration of the war because at the outbreak of WW1 there were only 297 members of QAIMNS - matrons, sisters and staff nurses. They were employed in military hospitals at home, and overseas in Malta, Gibraltar, Egypt, South Africa and China. The majority of military nurses served in the QAIMNR (Reserve) . There were more than 90,000 women who served with the Nursing Service and 12,000 women who served with the Reserve in all theatres at some time during the Great War. In addition, QAIMNS sisters wore red stripes on their lower sleeve to signify rank, and these were stitched to the dress material. x This is true. If a man was allergic to wool, he was expected to do his duty honourably and without complaint by wearing it. Those who failed to do so could be court-marshalled. xi Gangrene : refers to the death of body tissue due to a lack of blood flow or a bacterial infection. Gangrene most commonly affects the extremities, including toes, fingers and limbs, but it can also occur in muscles and internal organs. Penile gangrene still exists. Treatment for gangrene is not terribly effective so sufferers must undergo amputation or debridement. Trench foot is a form of gangrene that soldiers still must be diligent against today. xii The Yeomen Nurses of the British Red Cross were active throughout the war, although the American Red Cross was not officially present until 1918. Yeoman Nurses (known as VADs) could be male or female and belonged to Voluntary Aid Detachments. They carried out a range of voluntary positions including nursing, transport duties, and the organisation of rest stations, working parties and auxiliary hospitals. Women were taught first aid, home nursing and hygiene by approved medical practitioners. They also took classes in cooking. Men were trained in first aid in-the-field and stretcher bearing. Talented VADs could take specialist classes to become a masseuse or use an x-ray machine. VADs had to pass exams to receive their first aid and home nursing certificates. xiii Lysol (from Lysis-ol ): Lysol Brand Antiseptic Disinfectant was introduced in 1889 to help end a cholera epidemic in Germany. The original formulation of Lysol contained cresols, which were quite poisonous. In 1918, during the Spanish flu pandemic, Lysol was advertised as an effective countermeasure to the virus. Newspaper ads gave tips to prevent the spread of the disease, including washing sick-rooms and everything that came in contact with patients with Lysol. A small (US50¢) bottle made five gallons (19 litres) of disinfectant solution, and a smaller (US25¢) bottle 2 gallons (7.5 litres). The company also advertised the "unrefined" Lysol F. & F. (Farm & Factory) for use in factories and other large buildings – a 5-gallon can (19 litres) could, when diluted as directed, make 50 gallons of disinfecting solution. Interestingly, in the 1920s, Lysol was marketed as an effective douche to make women's private parts clean and attractive, and was also used to prevent contraception. xiv The Wipers : British trench slang for Ypres. Ypres Salient (pronounced Eep-ruh Say-lee-ent in English) in Belgium was the scene of some of the biggest WW1 battles. The boundaries of the Salient changed many times during the war, but the allies never lost Ypres once. xv Ne t'enquietes pas : Don't be unsettled/upset. xvi Penny dreadful : a magazine printed on inexpensive paper with simple but exciting, sensational, highly-illustrated stories that became immensely popular with the British Victorian public after 1830. The penny dreadful later evolved into the Dime Store Novel. xvii Tommy/Johnny Canuck : British trench slang for a Canadian soldier. xviii PBI: Poor Bloody Infantry , the purpose of whose existence seemed to be to act as a post upon which to hang up a backpack comprising half a man's weight. xix Trench muck : mud from the trenches was often comprised of dirt, stagnant water, heavy metals, feces, blood, urine, human remains, etc. and obviously teemed with bacteria and other toxins. The smallest scratch could admit bacteria that could kill. There were no antibiotics. Gangrene often resulted. xx Carbolic lotion was used to wash wounds, which were then wrapped in gauze soaked in the same solution. xxi Paste aka 'Bipp' (bismuth iodoform paraffin paste) was smeared over severe wounds to prevent infection. It contained iodine so it must have stung horribly. xxii Debridement : As there were no antibiotics or sulphonamides, a number of alternative methods were employed. The practice of 'debridement' – whereby the tissue around the wound was cut away and the wound sealed – was a common way to prevent infection. xxiii Huns/Krauts : derogatory nicknames for Germans xxiv In certain branches of service, women were expected to remain anonymous so as to discourage men from taking a personal interest in them. xxv You had to be 18 to sign up. My own grandfather joined the Canadian Cavalry when he was 14 years old. He wasn't caught and served throughout the war. We don't know where he served as he never talked about it with family members. He also lied about his age so he could be in the Army Reserves in WWII when he was 38. Of course, one of his sons must have thought that was wonderful because he tried to run away from home to join the navy during WWII. Uncle Jack got scared and ran away from the base and MPs came looking for him. That's when he got caught and discharged. I'd love to have been a fly on the wall when my grandmother told them he was sixteen. That kid was a handful. xxvi Ypres Salient : the area around Ypres where battle lines constantly changed. xxvii Go to Blighty/Old Blighty : Go to Britain, where wounded allied soldiers were sent en route to their own countries. The nickname is derived from an East Indian word for homeland.