was revealed to her polyamorous amours, and did a little wiggle so she could peel her dress over her ginormous titties. Said bewbies bounced free and did a couple of opposing spins before banging together and coming to rest on her ribs. "Oh, man," Jacob moaned. "It's like a real life porno." "Yeah," Edvard nodded, "I had no idea porn was so realistic." Bella fluttered her fingertips over her blushing mounds until her peaks stiffened. Her slit had never been so moist in her life. "I believe some foreplay is in order." She fingered her slippery folds and diddled her love nub. "Hell, yeah!" Edvard and Jacob crowed, tripping over each other to race to her. "What should we do first?" Bella queried like an innocent little lamb. "According to PornTube, it's customary for you to suck our cocks," Edvard shared. "Oh. Okay," Bella agreed, sinking onto her knees in the alfalfa. A cloud of pine-scented dust drifted up. It made her hot. Both men thrust their flesh microphones at her face. She grasped their massive yet mismatched Twix bars in her tiny hands. "Wow, the one-eyed monsters are visiting the ophthalmologist together," she moaned, cramming the pith helmets in her mouth. They were all sticky and tasted like old gym shorts, which was—in Bella's humble opinion—exactly how men ought to taste. Jacob and Edvard grunted and thrust their man swords down her throat, which made Bella's eyes cross a little. She sucked as if her name was Dyson and both men jackknifed in and out of her as though they wanted to fashion her an extra orifice. The meat swords began to taste like bleach and salt. It was super delicious and she longed to swallow it down in copious quantities. But Mama said men rarely lasted longer than six minutes and often didn't come back for seconds, so Bella wanted to get her fantasy's worth. She pulled back, releasing their pendulous organs with a pop-pop, and smacked her love-plumped lips. "Now about that corn and sausage," she purred. "How do you want us?" Edvard demanded, fapping his python. Bella tapped her chin. Her nips were hard enough to cut titanium. "I think Jacob should lie on the bottom to give my boycunt his meat torpedo injection," she decided. "And then you can kneel in front of us and explore the depths of my girlcunt with your Basalisk, Edvard." Jacob scrambled onto the floor and beamed up at Edvard. "This is the coolest thing we've done all summer!" "Any summer," Edvard agreed. Bella straddled Jacob reverse-cowgirl and impaled her little pink rosette on his elephantine man spike. "Oh, yeah!" She tossed her head and mewled like a porn star. "Is that a penis in your taco?" Edvard demanded. "No, that's my oversized kitty clitty!" "Wow," Edvard said. "I had no idea love buttons were so … large." "I'm well-endowed," Bella meowed, tits going everywhere as she bounced up and down on Jacob's pole. Speaking of well-endowed? "Ride it, baby!" Jacob gasped, plowing in and out of her so, so gooooood. "Mm-yeah!" Bella bit her lip and threw back her head. "Unh unh unh!" "Hey, can I get in on this?" Edvard demanded, spreading his hands. "Dive in my honeyed channel!" Bella shrieked. "Plow my lady garden! Kill my beaver!" Edvard didn't need any more encouragement from her than that. He picked up his monster pickle so he wouldn't bang it on the floor, fell to his knees and thrust into her like a savage. Bella's eyes rolled back in her head as her hymen disintegrated and she spewed out a mild profanity. As Edvard and Jacob's franks and beans rubbed and pressed against each other through Bella's love canal, they also began to moo like a pair of bull moose and spew nonsense. "I love tuna fish!" Edvard grunted. "I love your tight, filthy hole!" Jacob gasped. "I love your slick anacondas!" Bella screamed. "I love you!" Edvard shouted. "I love you, too!" Bella wailed. "What about me?" Jacob bawled. "Let's all love each other!" Edvard shouted triumphantly. Bella leaned back against Jacob's shoulder so all three of them could French each other's mouths. Their tongues battled for dominance but there was really no point in fighting so they just kissed. Bella had never dreamed sex could be so goooooood. She rolled around on Jacob's man meat while Edvard bumped his uglies against her cervix so forcefully that her tits quaked like a matched pair of bowls full of red Jell-O. "I'm gonna come!" she howled. She clamped down so hard that she drenched the hay with her lady juices and painted Jacob's meat thermometer brown, but that only seemed to turn her soulmates on more. She wailed and came again creating quite the stinky mess that they would later blame on the rabbit. And the mess was a hot one, so Bella came a third time. "I'm gonna blow!" Jacob grunted. Bella felt his boiling hot emittance butter her muffin. "Fuck!" Edvard ejaculated, ejaculating buckets of cum into her lady cave. It was all so good that they switched positions and did it all again. And again. And then Edvard's mother showed up with pizza (Jacob wasn't the only one who knew how to open the back door) and the trio had to stop fucking around for a couple hours. Plus, Edvard's mom made them clean up after the rabbit. "I love you," Edvard, Jacob and Bella told each other over slices of deep dish Canadian pizza (cheese, bacon, pepperoni and mushrooms). After Edvard's mom went to bed, Edvard and Jacob gave Bella another injection of man meat. "What say we make this a permanent thing?" Edvard asked afterward. "Ooh, we're a couple now!" Bella enthused. "What about me?" Jacob frowned. Edvard kissed him sloppily. "You're part of the couple. The three of us are a couple now." Jacob and Bella moved in with Edvard and they all lived happily ever after in his mom's basement. The End