o' lantern and presses it to his chest. He returns to his living aspect and casts a sorrowful look at Bella. "Who will you have, Bella?" Edward asks. Edward's love for her is selfless and he couldn't stop loving her if he tried. And in her place, he would not hesitate to share his soul with her. Bella clears her throat. "I couldn't choose to remain human and die. Leaving Edward behind would devastate us both. We'd never recover. I'm sorry Jacob, it was never an option. I'm so, so sorry for your loss." "Go to God, Jacob," Carlisle says quietly. Jasper leads Jacob away to the fire. Bella keeps her eyes trained on her mate. "And you've practically admitted that if I were to refuse to share my soul, it would hurt you. You'd be angry for a while but you'd remain devoted to me. I could never hurt you that way. And that only leaves one other option." "Yes. One that will strike me through the heart." "But you will heal and discover everlasting joy." "Yes." Redness wells in his eyes and tracks down his cheeks. She wipes his tears of blood away with her thumbs. "Always upset," she sighs. "But you are an idiot." His lips quirk up sheepishly. "No doubt. But is there a particular reason you're calling me names at this time?" She grabs him by the hair and gives him a little shake. "Your soul isn't gone. Edward Masen was never lost. I used to think he was inside you but I was wrong." Bella places her hands on Edward's chest and looks him dead in his blood-colored eyes. "I can see him. He stands at your right hand. He says he's always with you, hoping you will love him again. Edward Masen whispers in your ear and tells you what is right and wrong. Tells you how to love. All you have to do is let him in." "I don't know how." "Carlisle?" Bella beckons him closer and reaches for the jack o' lantern. He places it in her cupped hands. It's warm. It pulls at her, making it difficult to concentrate on what she wants to say. "Edward Anthony Masen Cullen, will you be my soulmate forever?" "Yes!" Edward Masen shines like the sun. He steps right into the jack o' lantern and vanishes even as its glow brightens. Bella gives her Edward a triumphant smile. She stops resisting the pull from the lantern. "Change me." A thousand lights appear outside the circle. They enter it all at once and fly on lacy wings to Bella and Edward in its center. Bella watches in amazement as tiny fairies of all colors and shapes pinch her skin with their tiny hands. Something bright flutters on her skin and then the pain begins. With each fairy's tug, she can see her soul being pulled from her body. The experience rather resembles her idea of how Peter Pan's shadow might have felt each time he lost it. It's irritating. The fairies give an unexpectedly powerful tug and Bella cries out in agony as she leaves her body. She hears Edward yell. Then, she is air and light and music and snowflakes, and she feels nothing as she watches her body crumple. It never hits the ground. Edward's body never hits the ground either. The Cullens have them in their arms. Bella looks at the jack o' lantern. Being a blessed object, its draw is irresistible. And why should she resist? She is to be married to Edward. She thinks about being inside the vessel and is immediately drawn into the light. It's warm and amber and love surrounds her. He's there. With her in the light. They aren't wearing anything. She opens her arms and her heart. "Be mine. Stay with me forever." "I promise to love you every day of forever." "Be one with me." The light surrounding them bursts into twinkling stars like a billion white fireworks. She can't force her eyes open, it's so bright. After a moment of disorientation, she blinks and looks down upon Edward's face. She's lying unclothed on top of him and he's flat on his back in the protective circle. His robe is spread on the ground beneath. The Cullen Family has left and the bonfire is out, although tiny jack o' lanterns continue to dot the darkness with cheerful light. Edward's Bella welcomes him, soul and body, because Isabella Marie Swan Cullen loves both the living and the dead. "Set us free." Edward's face lights with boyish wonder. He gives her a sweet smile she's never seen before. He takes her hand, brings her wrist to his face and inhales deeply as he has done so often since he found her. He turns her so that her back is to his front and brings his arm up to her mouth. His wrist is wet. She licks it. It's good. She pulls nectar from his veins. And then, his mouth is on her neck and it's warm and sensual and the best kiss she's ever had. They're spooned up on the ground and it's just so natural and there's no more reason for them to deny their bond. He lifts her leg over his thigh. Alone in the circle, they gasp as he makes them one. As they move together, his venom dances through her veins. There is no pain. Instead, there are kisses, and unrestrained passion, and enough declarations to last a thousand human lifetimes. Or longer. Dawn comes. Tiny fairies peep out of forest leaves. Edward and Bella lie together upon a white gown and a red robe marred with blood, venom and earth. All the monsters and all the saints are gone. Bella sits up. There are no houses, no town; only tidy graves, each bearing an empty, crushed jack o' lantern, in an ancient cemetery surrounded by a circle of stones. The lovers smile into red eyes. There is light to their darkness.