a long time. Take a chance. Do something crazy instead of sticking to what's safe." "I can't. I just can't." I sighed. I didn't know how to explain it. "One thing I've always worried about is that you never follow your heart," she confessed. "You ignore what you really want. You ignore your instincts. You have to stop that, Bella. It's holding you back. I only want you to be happy, to know that when I'm gone you'll be okay." For the umpteenth time in the past few days, my eyes filled with tears. " This is where my heart wants to be," I insisted emphatically, reaching out between our tubs, burying my hand beneath the mud hiding hers and grasping it. "With you." She smiled again, fondly. "I know, but I won't be here soon, baby. You'll have your dad and your mom and Emmett and your other friends, but you need more than that. So tell me," Esme implored me, voice and eyes tinged with desperation, "what does your heart want? What is your heart telling you it needs?" I broke my gaze from hers. I knew what my heart wanted, and so did she. Jasper. I wanted Jasper. "But it's crazy!" I exclaimed, releasing her hand and throwing both of mine up, mud flying through the air as a result of the harsh movement. "I hardly know him. I spent one night with him!" "Maybe not so crazy," she said. "Sometimes love comes slow. You know the person for months or years before you figure it out or the timing is just off until it isn't. That's how it was for your uncle Carlisle and I," she continued wistfully. "But sometimes it doesn't come slow. Sometimes love hits you like a freight train, the way it did for your mom and dad." I may not have always felt like Renée was the best mother, but if there was one thing I could say about her, it was that she loved my dad fiercely and deeply. "Love is one of those things without rhyme or reason, Bella," Esme said. "You can't explain it or make sense of it, whether it sneaks up on you slowly or blindsides you. I don't know about love at first sight … if it exists, but that doesn't mean it doesn't. But does it really matter how fast you fall? I don't think it does. Even if you only experience it for a few days, it isn't something you should pass up. If you feel it in your bones, don't ignore it. Go with it, my love. Just feel." And she was right … again. Was what I felt for Jasper love? I wasn't so sure about that, but it was strong and it was true, and if Jasper and I had more than just a few days, love was what it would be. Maybe it was crazy, but I felt that in my bones. "I like him, you know," Esme told me. "He looks at you the way Carlisle has always looked at me." I frowned again. She saw and clarified, "Like you're everything. Maybe it's silly or crazy given the circumstances, but it is what it is." "I don't know if I know how to do that," I said. "Go with it, I mean. Just feel." "But that doesn't mean you can't," she responded. "You never know until you try. Be happy, Bella. Do it for yourself … and for me?" Damn, she knew where to hit where it hurt. How could I deny her that? "Maybe." "I love you, sweetheart," Esme said softly. "With my whole heart." I gave her the best smile I could muster. "I love you too." oOo I had contemplated Esme's words for hours, agonizing over them as I continued to spend time with my family. I was restless, fidgety and distracted because of it; my behavior had Charlie concerned, but I refused to tell him the cause behind it. Because that wouldn't be an awkward and uncomfortable conversation. It was late now, nearly half-past eleven. Emmett and Rosalie had been disappointed and mildly suspicious when I begged off their attempts to convince me to join them for drinks and hot-tubbing, but I had other plans. If I didn't act now, I might chicken out. I stood before his door, wringing my hands and biting my lip in my anxiety as I worked up the nerve to knock. After yesterday, how would he react to my suddenly showing up? Would he turn me away? Rapping my knuckles as firmly against his door as I could manage, I held my breath and waited. He might not even be here. Jasper answered the door a few moments later, shirtless, hair dripping either from a recent shower or dip in the pool. My mouth went dry at the sight and I swallowed hard. His surprise at my unexpected appearance was evident on his face. "Bella?" he questioned, confused. "What are you doin' here?" I exhaled shakily and planted my hands on his chest, pushing him back into his cabin before I crushed my lips to his. Our kiss was passionate and searing but there was a depth and tenderness there that promised more than a couple of days of hot sex. It promised something meaningful, something that would stay with me for the rest of my life. It was another thing I owed to Aunt Esme, another thing I would be forever grateful to her for. "Living," I replied. The grin that spread across his face was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen and my answering smile was blissful and wide. oOo For my beloved aunt. You are so very missed. oOo A/N: I am not going to mark this as complete yet because I am toying with the idea of continuing it for one or two more chapters. I'm just not sure when those chapters will be written. I hope you enjoyed it. Take care! :)