on my trail, they probably got her already. And I'm fairly sure that they're chasing me because of what I did in that alley. I found a newspaper in a small town a few miles away with a headline declaring: VIDEO EXPERTS AND INTERNET DECLARE WEREWOLF VIDEO A HOAX. And right there was a still photo of me clawing at one of the men, supposedly taken from the original video. It was blurry and obviously shot by a security camera. Thank goodness for you internet dweebs who decided that I was nothing but special effects and that werewolves were nothing but a furry's wet dream. I especially extend my thanks to whoever V0LT_32 is, who apparently commented, "Do ppl really have nothing better to do than make this fake stuff to scare gullible kiddies? Ur effects r so bad u had to make the vid blurry. LOL!" on YouTube. Really, the video was blurry due to humidity and the fact that it was shot on a poor-quality camera. But whatever helps you sleep at night, V0LT_32. Thanks again! The world ruled it an elaborate hoax, so what was the problem? Why chase me around like this? Trust me guys, I learned my lesson! I definitely won't be doing that again, no matter how sweet the revenge would be. Okay, now I can go on about the human-sparklers on my ass. (Yeah, they sparkle. It's ridiculously hilarious, but also blinding and annoying.) I smelled them a few hours ago and I've been sprinting away from them ever since. You might think that hours of full out running would be exhausting. For one thing, running on all fours is way faster than running on two legs. For another thing, I had extreme stamina due to being a werewolf. Plus I spent many years roaming forests and that hardened my muscles in addition to what the transformation did. Even in human form, I was pretty cut. No, I am not a man. Surprise! I'm a just a very badass woman. You all probably want to know my name and what I look like, so I'll tell ya. My name is Tasmine and I'm 19 (last I checked). I prefer to be called "Tazzy" or "Taz" for short. I am tall with long, dark brown hair and eyes to match. (No, my eyes aren't tall or long. That would be weird. They're just dark brown. Don't be stupid.) My werewolf form is pretty tall too and yes, muscular. All werewolves are muscular. My fur is dark brown like my hair, and I have even darker points. What are points, those of you who are uneducated on animal markings might ask? It means my snout, my ears, the tips of my feet, and my tail tip are all a very dark brown. There you go. You learned something today. Go tell your parents and your friends. They'll be very proud of you. Oops, I rambled on and didn't continue about the sparkle-douches. You know what? This is a really big chapter and I don't think I can go on about them! How sad. You'll just have to wait with bated breath until the next chapter, which might be a while because the author is terrible at continuing stories. -Hey! I'll totally continue this! Don't you sass me, I made you! I can make you lose a boob in a werewolf battle or something! Now tell the kind people reading this about the red-eyed sweet-smelling sparkle-dicked whatever-ya-call-'em. Alright, jeez, sorry! It's just that this is already over 3,000 words, which is a lot to take in, ya know… Anyway, yeah, those guys are chasing me and I've been running for a quite a bit. I can barely smell 'em now, but I keep running. Running, running, running, blah, blah, blah. I keep running all night until I'm so fucked up and exhausted that I have to stop and eventually rest under a suitable evergreen tree. Why a tree, you nosey Nancy-s ask? I like the smell of pine. If I had a house I would smell it up with spruce, cedar, pine, you get the picture. I like pine. They just smell so… piney. Okay, I'm dog-tired. (Ha! Dog. I'm basically half canine. Laugh at my jokes, puny humans!) Now let me rest, author-lady! I don't want to do anything else but nap… ' Aight, we're done here. I'll let Tazz sleep and let her continue about the Grand Vampire Chase later. Yes, feel free to yell at me for posting yet ANOTHER story. My main character is right, I'm terrible at continuing stories. :P Fear not, fair people of fanfiction dot net! I will continue Predator Turned Prey and TFW You're About to be Eaten by Vampires . I already have over half of each chapter written for those, I just have to scrape together some willpower and write the next half. ;n; Please don't h8 about me making a character transsexual. It's r00d. Also, I assure you that I fully support all trans people. Tazz was just weirded out about it and acted a bit like a jerk at first because it was the first time she'd ever heard about trans people and gender stereotype shit was kinda seared into her brain. She let all that stuff go because she's a big, badass, muscle-y wolf now. Rawr. Did… did any of you catch the username V0LT_32? It stands for "Volturi 32". Why? The Volturi have 32 coven members. Did the Volturi write that comment? Yes, they definitely did. XD They had to step up their IT department, and making random profiles on social media is the best they can do as of late… They're old fashioned and technology scares them. Also, please remember that "Tasmine" means twin. It will be important in the future, muahahaha… I'm very tired. It's 7am and I've been up since midnight. My sleep schedule is all messed up and college resumes on the 9 th . Kill me pls.