dogs in his yard. Because he's confined to a wheel chair he can't care for them all, and when I told him I had come back here to do something very similar he gifted me Jake and some of the other dogs who needed more attention and exercise. Since then I've got to relieve him of some of his extras when he needs me to. The sun was finally coming up throwing pinks and light blues across the res when we arrived and parked the van outside of Billy's small house. He came to the door to greet us with a smile on his face. "Edward, Alice! So nice to see you two this morning." He waved. "It's good to see you, Billy. How've you been?" I asked as I reached him and shook his hand. Alice bent down to give him a hug. "Good, good. Hey, guess what?" He asked, his eyes sparkling with happiness. "What's that, Billy?" "I got the Leader Dogs people coming to take some of my pups. When they heard my story and what I'm trying to do they said they'd love to help me out and they'll even let the people who get them where they came from. God, I've been working at this for a couple years now!" He said, nearly bouncing in his seat. I couldn't help but whoop for joy. This was exciting! Half of his pups would be taken by this organization meaning half of the pups would be destined to loving homes without question. I was so happy for him, and happy for the dogs. "Oh, Billy! That's so great! Let the team know that I'll be glad to look over all of the puppies before they come get them. That way it will be less work for them and maybe they'll work with you more frequently." Alice grinned. "You'd do that?" Billy asked, stunned. "That's a lot of work, and a lot of money…" "I've got an inheritance from Grandma Masen, and Edward has Grandpa Masen's estate, not to mention we're both living off of trust funds from our grandparents on our dad's side. I'm pretty sure it's more than enough to cover some basic shots and checkups." Alice replied happily. I nodded in agreement. What was I going to do with that kind of money? "So, if you ever need anything, Billy, don't hesitate…" I added. Billy seemed choked up at that and patted my arm and squeezed Alice's hand. "Well, let's get to these critters, then. I've got three or four that could go today. I have two pits who are brother and sister, and you know how people are about them. Plus they need more one on one time than I can handle, Emmett seems to work well with these rambunctious ones. Bonnie and Clyde are in a large kennel together, I had them both fixed at your office Alice so you may remember t hem." "Oh yeah! They were super cute." Alice skipped. "I had an old beagle left on my porch this morning as a matter of fact, and I think he's got bad eyes. I haven't named him. And then, if you have room for one more, I have a cocker with a penitent to bite. I call him killer." Billy laughed. "I'll see what I can do with Killer, we'll take all four. That will leave us with three openings in the van. None of them show signs of fighting?" I asked as we reached the pole barn, Jared – a guy our age was waiting there. "Not that I can see. No obvious scarring and they are all real good with other dogs, I think Killer is just nervous." Billy explained. "Jared, open the doors will you?" "You got it, boss. Hey guys, nice to see you back." He smiled. Jared had russet skin like Billy, and his hair was black and falling over his ears. Once we picked up the four we reminded Billy that Alice would be by with a small team in the next few days to give shots and checkups to the rest of the dogs and puppies. Before we got out of the res Alice got an emergency call from the office and she had to head in to do a surgery. I dropped her off and headed home. The County shelter would have to wait until tomorrow. When I got back Emmett was already out giving the dogs some free time in the large caged off area so they could stretch their legs. He helped me situate the new bunch and we headed in for lunch. Em said he'd work on the others after so I could get my paperwork to the city before the end of the day. If the people at City Hall were anything like James I wanted to get this shit done as soon as possible. These animals wouldn't suffer because of some dick head with a God complex. As I sat there getting my paper work going I thought about what else James said; the fact that he was married to Bella still bothered me tremendously. I decided that maybe tomorrow I'd stop in and have a chat with Chief Swan and make my presence known. I planned on talking to Bella as soon as I could, and I wanted Chief to know I was on the up and up before he knew I was talking to his only daughter. With that in mind I got to work on the rest of my day, knowing it would be a lot of work before I got to turn in, and I'd be up early again in the morning. A/N: Please leave comments - let me know what you think. This is my first real dive into total negativity and I want to make sure it's going over well. I swear to GOD I could not possibly torture these characters with out having some good come of it. Thanks for reading...