rolled over to the edge of the bed and put my feet on the ground. I pushed myself up, my arms aching from holding onto Edward as he pounded into me. I stood up and cringed a little. I was really sore. "Edward," I said, walking into the bathroom. It was empty. He wasn't here. Fuck it all to hell. I'd been left in my bed, in the middle of the night. Never in all my years of one night stand, had I been the one left behind. I was ALWAYS the one that left. Always. January 2011 Richmond, VA "Dr. Swan," I heard the wooden door of the break room push open and the nurse calling my name. "Yes," I said looking at her. "You said you wanted to be notified when we got another Trauma Alert patient from Henrico," "Yes," I say, looking at her again. I already didn't like the perky nurse. She was way too fucking happy for a Monday morning. "There's one on the way. ETA is 15 minutes. MVA Roll-over with pt intrusion, pt is unconscious. There are three Henrico Medics en route. It's B-Shift coming. There really good." I didn't care to know how she knew what shift was on the fire truck in Henrico Co. She was probably fucking one of them. She seemed like the kind of girl that was a 'badge bunny'. I had been in Richmond, Va for a week. I'd taken as job as the Operational Medical Director for Henrico Fire, which included an office at the Medical College of Virginia and a position on their staff. So far, I loved it. But I hadn't really done much. I pulled my brand new, freshly creased white coat from the back of my chair and put it on. I pulled my hair out and fluffed it around my collar. I didn't really care how I looked, scratch that, I did care how I looked, but since I'd been unlucky in the sack since the fantastic time at the symposium, I was hoping to at least spark someone's interest. I pushed the wooden door and stepped out. My heels were clicking on the tiled floor as I headed to the trauma room. It wasn't hard to miss since there was a flashing blue light in front of it. I watched as a stretcher went by me and into the Trauma Room. I didn't have the opportunity to get a look at the EMS providers, my eyes were focused on the endotracheal tube sticking out of the patients neck. "What the hell?" I say, looking up to find the person responsible for the massacred neck before me. "She couldn't breathe," I heard a voice say. It sounded familiar. I looked up and came face to face with Jasper, the man from the symposium. "Obviously," I say, looking back at him. "Who the hell put a tube in her neck?" "I did," oh my god. It was him. The all-night fucker. He was here, standing in my fucking ER. I had been dreaming of that voice, and the body (and cock by default) that went along with it. "Why?" I ask, looking up and coming face to face with the emerald green eyes I'd also been seeing in my dreams. "Like Jazz said," he looks over at Jasper, "she couldn't breathe." "When your done with your report, meet me in my office." I turned on my heel and walked away, heading to my office. I took my white coat off and hung it on the hook by my door. I reached for the Henrico Co protocol book that I was supposed to be familiarizing myself with and started to flip through the pages, trying to find the protocol for performing a field tracheostomy. I heard a short rap on the door and knew it had to be him. I only hoped he didn't bring any of his friends with him. "Come in," I say, still flipping through the book. "Page 57," I hear him say. I look up to see him smiling at me rather cockily. "Thanks," I say, flipping to the appropriate page in the protocol book. I don't hear him as he walks behind me and grabs the book off the desk. "Forget about it," he says, putting his hands on my shoulders. "Stand up." I can't help but obey him. Maybe we can get it on in my office, but then I think of how quiet I would have to be and don't know if I can do it. I stand up and turn around to face him. "What are you doing here?" He asks, looking into my eyes. "I'm the new OMD for Henrico," I say, looking back at him. "So...your kinda my boss," he pulls his face to mine and gives me a kiss. Before I know it, his tongue is in my mouth and it's playing with my tongue. He moves his mouth away from mine and towards my neck, nibbling on the sensitive area between my ear and my neck. I can feel him going for the buttons on my shirt and I tug at his sweatshirt. "We have to make this quick," I say. I'm not sure how long we have until he has to leave, or until someone else needs me for something. "I don't have long," he says at the same time. "I get off at six. Why don't you come by my place?" I think about it for a nanosecond, about the immense pleasure he gave me the last time we were together. "Leave your address," I say, pulling away and moving my hands to my shirt to fix the buttons. I watch as he arranges himself, grabs a piece of paper off my desk, scribbles something on it, and then opens my office door. Now I had something to look forward to. I was going to be fucked twelve ways from Sunday in less than eight hours. I couldn't wait.