square! '' Jasper yelled back, though there was a huge grin on his face. '' No way! Quit messing with me! You're just scared you won't be able to beat me without your stupid tricks! '' '' Children, take it easy, '' I called them off before things could escalate. Esme was just done decorating the house, and a demolished living room wouldn't be save for anyone right now. She would flay them alive, and ground them for eternity. Edward was behind his piano, not really paying attention to anything else. '' Where are the girls? '' I asked, scanning the room. '' Shopping, '' Edward answered absentmindedly. Of course. I smiled a little. Leave it to Alice to buy the whole of Harrods in our first week here. I settled down on the loveseat with Esme next to me, holding her hand. I sighed, and smiled around me contently. Yes, everything back to normal. The best thing for everyone. After a while the girls entered the house, their arms full of shopping bags. Alice dumped her bags into the living room, and dashed up the stairs without saying a word. I shot a questioning look at Rosalie, but she merely shrugged. She went over to Emmett, and sat down on his lap, kissing his cheek. '' Hey, babe, '' he said, without taking his eyes of the screen. '' I bought you something, '' Rosalie said, with a smile on her face. She reached into one of the bags, and pulled out a shirt. He tore his eyes away from the screen, and a huge smile spread across his face. He barked out a booming laugh. '' Awh, Rosie. That's awesome, '' he choked out between laughs. He pulled her into is arms, and started kissing her fervently, the video game forgotten. After a few seconds Jasper started to move away from them with a pained look on his face, and Edward gave them a disgusted growl from behind his piano. '' Guys, take it down a notch with the lust. I'm dying here, '' Jasper groaned. They broke apart. Rosalie glared at the both of them, and Emmett had a goofy grin on his face. Ah, my children. I shook my head with a small smile on my face. Then I heard a squeal from upstairs that could only belong the Alice, and a second later she was dancing into the living room. '' Guess what?! '' she sang, excitedly. '' You booked a vacation to New York for everyone, '' Edward answered her, pulling away from his piano, and walking over to the rest of us. Alice's face fell. '' A simpel 'what' would have sufficed, Edward. Thanks for ruining my moment, '' she grumbled. Edward shrugged, and gave her a little smirk, unrepentant. She scowled at him, and he laughed. I shook my head. Those two... '' Really? Alice, that's great, dear, '' Esme said, still holding my hand, and smiling brightly at her. Alice regained her former excitement, and started jumping up and down with a big smile on her face. Jasper ran over to her, and put his arms around her. She threw her arms around his neck, and kissed his cheek. '' That's great, Alice, '' he murmured. I smiled at the sight of everyone, my family. This was exactly what they all needed. A nice holiday. It had been a while since we'd been to New York. They all started planning the trip with much excitement. Alice, of course, had planned various shopping sprees with Esme and Rosalie, and Emmett and Jasper really wanted to go to the Empire State Building again. Only Edward wasn't really taking part in the planning, and after a moment he went back to his piano again. I sighed. I was worried for my son. He was so miserable all the time. I wished he would find someone so he wouldn't be alone anymore. He had been the odd man out for too long now. He deserved better than that. He deserved happiness. Edward threw me a look, and I gave him a small smile. I knew he had heard my thoughts, but this wasn't something he didn't already know. I really did hope he would find someone soon, even though he said he didn't care about that. He would be so much happier. Unable to take my thoughts anymore, he walked out of the room, and up the stairs to his bedroom. A second later I heard the loud blaring of rock music. I sighed again. The others were to preoccupied planning their trip to have noticed anything. Or so I thought. Esme walked over to me, and kissed me lightly on the cheek. I gave her a weak smile, and pulled her close to my side. I knew she worried about Edward, as well. '' I'll be in my office, '' I said after a second, kissing my wife briefly again. I closed the door of my office behind me, sat in my leather chair, and let out another deep sigh. I looked around me, and smiled a little. The office was amazing, Esme had done a wonderful job. With all the worries about my family still in my head, I wasn't able to relax very much. I stood up, and crossed the room to pull a book of the shelves. Maybe a little reading would help. All the problems and worries would work out fine somehow, I had to have faith in that. Even for Edward. It was impossible to believe that there would be no happiness out there for one as him. He would find it, I just hoped it would be very soon. It pained me to see my son unhappy. Alice was truly great. After all that had happened the last couple of weeks a family vacation was exactly what we needed. I smiled as I sat down in my chair once more, and opened my book for some relaxing time.