you or I can just get the fuck out? It's like that?" "Yeah." Sitting down on the bed, I cross my legs, leaning back on my palms. "It's like that." "Okay, okay," he nods, running his thumb and forefinger over his chin before pointing behind him in the direction of the door. "Would you like me to send Emmett up?" he asked. "Let him finish what he started with, what was it? His big, fat cock?" Tilting my head to the side, I give him a pestering smile. He's so cute when he's being condescending. "Would you? That'd be great." His whole body hums with anger, those big muscles of his jumping in place. My heart races when he steps closer, and I instinctually uncross my legs. "Yeah?" His voice is low and husky. He's a big, bad wolf on the prowl. Bracing one foot on the frame of the bed, I invite him to prey. "Ye-" He cuts me off by grabbing the back of my knees, simultaneously sliding my ass forward and knocking me onto my back, to silence me for good with his mouth. His eyes threaten when he pulls back, his hands working furiously at the buckle of his jeans, as he kneels between my thighs. My stomach flips when he fists the collar of his tee and pulls it over his head and I see the waist of his jeans riding a little lower than the elastic of his underwear, both tugged down over his hips. "Anybody fucks you, it's gonna be me," he growls. "Understand?" My voice gets lost in a dry swallow, my tongue poking out to wet my lips. I nod silently as he thrusts deep inside, unapologetic in the way he enters me, almost as if he hopes it hurts. But thankfully it doesn't. I'm so wet that he slips right in. His piercing, green eyes hold me hostage. I want to, but can't look away, my brow creasing and my mouth dropping as he repeatedly drills into me. His narrow hips snap, slapping against my spread thighs. I moan out as he pushes all the way in, pausing to give me a few, short pumps. I can feel him so deep inside me, the mushroomed head of his cock rocking back and forth over the soft, spongy spot that's ultimately going to make me come. He doesn't even have to touch my clit, just keep fucking me. "Right there," I tell him, even though he already knows, slowing this thrusts momentarily to toy with my flow. "Yeah?" he questions, hitting that special spot over and over, his lips barely moving as they softly rub against mine. "Right there?" "Yeah." He teases me nice and slow, teetering me on the brink before his movements become heated. Cradling my neck in both hands, he thumbs a cheek while simultaneously caressing my jaw. I feel the numbness spread upward from my toes, licking along the back of my legs to warm the center of my thighs. It's intimate. Too intimate as clench around him, gasping and seizing, my back lifting off the bed and bending into a soft arch. My soft stomach rubs against his abdomen as I writhe uncontrollably beneath him. His hands beg me to watch him – watch me, as my backside lowers to the mattress allowing his lips to crash to mine. He leaves his eyes open, his brow pinched. His facial features subtly morph from a look of concentration to that of immensely pleasurable pain. He grunts against my mouth, feeding me his breath with each hard, erratic thrust of his needy hips. I let him kiss me as he comes, filling me with warmth from the top of my head to the tip of my toes. I can feel his orgasm, like really feel it, almost as good as my own. I keep a death grip on his wrists while he lowers his forehead to mine. The sweat from our foreheads intermix and mingle along with the skin of our overheated bodies. I only loosen my grip when he lets go of my face to slide his hand under my waist and hoist us both up in the bed. He nudges my nose then kisses my lips. I kiss him back chastly before rolling onto my side as he climbs off of me and molds his chest to my spine. I don't have the heart to tell him to leave; I don't even think I really want to, as our legs tangle, our fingers twist and I stare blankly at the door before shutting my eyes. I wake sometime in the middle of the night to his hand running over my hip and his lips kissing down the back of my neck. My stomach flips when he parts my legs, resting one over his thigh to easily push into me from behind. He fucks me slow and soft. His groans and grunts ultimately make me come. I'm so turned on by the sounds he makes that I'm still aching when I stir. I consider waking him for one last go around before we all head out, but decide against it. I hate goodbyes almost as much as I hate hellos. As quietly as I can, I pull on my outfit from last night and pack my bag. His soft snores fill the room and I more than once find myself stopping to watch him sleep. Pinching my lips together, it takes some effort to wipe the smile off my face, as I take a sweeping glance around the room. Convinced I'm not leaving anything behind, I reach for the door and crack it open, taking one, last look at him over my shoulder before heading out to catch my own cab 'cause you know what they say … What happens in South Padre … To be continued ... Visit www. jessbday. wordpress. com for the visually xrated version of this story. Happy Birthday, Jess! I love you!