harmless genetic mutation. My mom didn't buy that. She payed them to do more research, and they did. What the doctors found was that the extra chromosome was not in every one of my cells, only the majority. So there are still a few of my cells that are normal. That made me what was called a genetic mosaic, or chimera. My mom was having trouble getting pregnant with my dad (ew) after they got married and they tried in vitro fertilization. My mom had two eggs in her uterus at once and they were both fertilized. One had the extra chromosome, and one was normal. The two zygotes fuzed together and created me, a genetic mosaic/chimera/ whatever. Too bad my dad didn't get to see me grow up to be a freak. He died in a car crash before I was born. I guess the stupid Quileutes can have extra chromosomes that give them hot flashes too. Sometimes, mine make me shaky. Sometimes they make me angry. When both happen, it feels like I'm going to fucking explode! When they get bad like that, I spray water in my face with the kitchen sink. It cools me down enough to regain control of myself think happy thoughts. "Ali! Are you done yet?!" My mom yelled from downstairs. I quickly snatched up a box and ran to the stairs. "Mom! I literally just started bringing them down!" I yelled back. Bitch... I went down the stairs as quickly and carefully as I could with a box in my hands and set it down in front of the door. Downstairs was basically a madhouse. Like, three guys were all carrying heavy junk to the moving van. One tried to take my box but I growled and pulled away. "I'm bringing more down! I want you to put them in at the same time so they're all together!" I snapped at him. He gave me a snooty look and scoffed, "Okay". Fucking prick. Once I finished bringing all the boxes down I let two of the guys take them. The other guy was holding a houseplant and tried to go out at the same time they did. He crushed the leaves a little against the doorframe. "Don't hurt my plant, twat." I snarled quietly under the ruckus in the house. The man's head whirled around in surprise and he looked embarrassed. Shit, I must have said that too loud. I looked at him nonchalantly. What? Me? You think I said that? Pfft, nah. Now I was embarrassed, too. I turned away as innocently as I could and went to look for my mom. Believe it or not, I found her STILL packing. After yelling at me 10 times to get my stuff packed and downstairs, she wasn't even ready. I angrily stared at her as intensely as I could until she noticed me. "Oh! There you are, babe! You done?" "Yeah, like 5 minutes ago." "Good! Can you carry my stuff to the door so the men can get it?" My nostrils flared and I grit my teeth. "Mmhmm. Sure." I snatched up a box and stomped out. She screams at me a bunch to carry my stuff downstairs and she's not even ready herself. Then she makes me carry her stuff, too?! What the hell?! I stomped to the front door and dropped the box near it. Then I did the same to the other boxes until my mom was working on the last one. Impatiently, I swayed back and forth on the balls of my feet and tried desperately to hold back a hot flash as I waited for her slow ass. Finally, she finished the last box and I grabbed it as soon as she finished taping it. "Ali, do you have your bag ready?" She called after me. "I got it in the car, mom!" I replied and handed the box to a moving guy. Duh. You watched me put it there. "Okay! Wait in the car for me and I'll-" I didn't listen to what else she had to say. I was out the door already because she couldn't keep up. It's her fault if it was important. I waited for her in the car like she said and texted all my friends that I was leaving soon. If they wanted to come by and say goodbye, now was their chance to stall us. No one came by the time my mom got to the car. Not even my neighbor/best friend. I guess she's sleeping in today… So we left. Maybe no one came because you're such a bitch, Alex. Jeez. Just kidding, lol. Anyways, yeah. Ali is kind of a bitch right now. Her full name is Alex, but she likes to be called Ali or Al because she thinks Alex is a boy name. But Alex is unisex and Al is even more masculine... Perfect logic. At this stage, Ali is frustrating me just as much as she's probably frustrating you. She's a teenage girl who's got more privileges than she realizes and she's semi-popular in high school. That means she's exposed to some negative influences that make her have sort of an attitude. Plus she's getting these annoying hot flashes that make unusually hostile. Hm, I wonder why she's having those! Yes, Quileute wolf shapeshifters do have an extra chromosome. It probably stores all their wolfy info. Carlisle found that out after he creeped on Jacob's DNA, and vampires have two extra chromosomes! Oh boy, ain't that fascinatin'?! Alright, I admit I'm a geek who spends too much time on the Twilight wiki. I'll shut up now. XD Oops, I lied about shutting up. Leave a review if you want. I used to leave reviews but now I'm too self conscious… Darn teenage awkwardness! Making me second-guess what I have to say… That's partly why I took so long to get writing again… Grrrr… Ellipses… Heh. Alright, I'm seriously shutting up for real now.