we are so pleased you could come and visit us this year for Christmas," Eleazar boomed from the doorway as we came up the steps. Carlisle smiled and chuckled at him as they shook hands and hugged. Tanya stepped forward and ushered us all into the house, "you should have seen Irina and Kate; for the past two weeks they have been decorating like matching tornados, I told them not to bother, Alice was on her way." Everyone chuckled as Alice stuck her tiny tongue out at her teasingly, "I just want to help; I have a good feeling about this year, just you wait." "Of course you do. You always do, " Emmett said as he flopped down on the couch taking off his jacket. "Don't be such a cave man Emmett; you would think you were raised by wolves," Esme grumbled at him from the kitchen. I knew immediately what she was going to jump into; ever since Esme learned to cook, she and Kate set up shop in the kitchen making a boatload of food to take down to the shelter for Christmas dinner. Esme has such a big warm heart. It made me smile as I thought of the Christmas present I got for her; that was going to be delivered and installed in the house while we are away. I have cameras set up around the house to make sure they don't try to take anything while we are gone, and also to make sure it gets there on time. I hung my jacket up in the closet and moved around to the couches, Garrett; Kate's new mate was sitting there next to Emmett. "Garrett, I heard you had snuck your way up here and charmed the pants off our dear cousin Kate . . . literally," Emmett said howling with laughter. "Emmett!" Esme snapped from the kitchen; she looked over at Kate, "I'm sorry sweetheart, I don't know what to do with him." "No it's all right misses C, "Garrett smirked on the couch, "he's been waiting for me to sweep him off his feet for a while now, sorry Em but you're just not my type." "What! No!" Emmett grumbled glaring at a chuckling Garrett, "You and me, wrestling, outside, now, it's been a while since I've kicked your ass!" "Correction, you have never kicked my ass, but I will take pleasure in kicking yours now," Garrett smiled and in the blink of an eye they were out slamming each other into the snow. Kate and Rosalie rolled their eyes, "This is going to be a long Christmas," Kate sighed. "You're telling me, at least for you it will end when we go home, I'm not so lucky," Rosalie pouted as she plopped down on the couch pulling a magazine into her lap and started flipping through. Eleazar and Carlisle had already retired into the study to go over their various new theories and interest that they had been looking into recently. Those two were always after something new that they found intriguing or interesting. Alice, Tanya, and Irina were pulling more decorations out of the attic, not that more was needed, and going through the new decorations that Carmen and Tanya had just bought. The tree they had was very nicely dressed, but Alice was already fussing about it making alterations and adding more tensile. I shook my head and went over to the bookcase on the far wall, I was in the middle of picking out a new book when out of the corner of my eyes I saw Garrett and Emmett freeze. " Edward, I think someone's coming, I can smell it !" Emmett thought at me. " I don't think it's a human, it smells like vampire ," Garrett thought. I looked over at Alice and finally I understood what she had been hiding she was beaming from ear to ear like if Jasper told her he bought her the entire Dolce & Gabbana winter collection. "What's going on Alice; who is it?" I demanded. "Don't get your boxers in a bunch Edward, I believe Kate forgot something," Alice said gesturing to her. Kate stood up from the couch frowning at her. "I don't know what-oh!" Kate jumped up and flew outside. " Oh they are going to frighten her, all of them being here at once ," Kate worried, as she stood at the edge of the woods surrounding the back of their property. I couldn't get anything more than worried and surprised reactions from the Denali's minds until Eleazar and Carlisle stepped out of the study and came into the room. "While on their honeymoon in Dubai last spring, Kate and Garrett made a new friend. She came back with them and we got the pleasure of meeting her," Eleazar explained watching Kate outside, "she was quite a lovely girl, we all made very good friends with her, we would have told you about it, but she prefers privacy, I'm sure you understand ." Carlisle shook his head, "Of course, I know many vampires that wish to stay quietly to themselves." "She had just got done meeting the Volturi on top of that, and she's always had a problem trusting other vampires," Eleazar continued, " I'll let her explain why. We invited her to spend Christmas with us since she's all by herself. She has a few friends here and there, but no real place to stay. She agreed much to our delight, but that was a month ago, and we forgot to inform her that you were joining us when you called two weeks ago." "Oh, I hope we don't scare her off," Esme frowned worried. "Kate will catch her before she gets the wrong impression," Carmen smiled, wrapping her arm around Esme's shoulder. As I turned back around to the window I saw what could only be described as the most divine and heavenly creature break through the tree line and into the back yard.