for your help to search for them because you know the area so well," my mother comments with a small smile. "Riding in a parade and handing out candy to the children. Teaching a child to swim that never thought they would be able to even get in a pool." "Being able to provide medical care for a child. A child you can help by spending your Saturday volunteering, instead of sitting in front of the tv all day," Garrett adds, smiling at Kate. "Rescuing a horse that has been beaten within an inch of its life," Eric continues with a frown. "And then see that same horse playing and running through the pasture not even six months later." "Helping a child learn to fish and watching their face light up when they actually catch something," Jasper whispers. "It's an amazing rush." "Exactly," I agree smiling. "And they will remember you 'cause you were there to help them." Sam, Emily, Garrett and Kate tell everyone bye as they have to leave. Being a Sunday night, and they have to work the next morning, we bid them a good night. The rest of us are just sitting around, and enjoying the quiet crackles, pops and warmth from the fire. "What is your best memory from being here?" Esme asks softly. "Mine is Renee and Marie teaching me to ride a horse. I was scared to death, but they made me fall in love with it." I notice her wipe a tear away before it falls. "Low-Country Boils," Carlisle asserts with a wide smile. "Those were some good times." "What's a country boil?" Emmett asks looking confused. "It a seafood boil where everything is cooked together, poured on a table and everyone gathers 'round, eats and drinks beer," Bella explains. "Girl's weekends." my mother claims. "Marie taking us girls on weekend trips. I know they weren't on the ranch but it is such a great memory." "Bella wrecking the tractor," my father blurts out laughing, catching us off guard. "I thought Charlie was gonna piss himself." "Oh, God," Bella agrees. "I didn't know if he was more pissed off or worried. I still can't believe I did that." A couple of chuckles could be heard from Esme, Carlisle and Billy. The rest of us just glance around in slight confusion, waiting for an explanation. "She drove that brand new John Deere right into the lake," my dad continues while laughing. "She was use to the old one and couldn't figure out how to stop the new one." "Broke my damn foot, too," Bella mumbles. "Couldn't ride for months. That's probably why daddy didn't punish me. Not being able to ride was punishment enough." "Meeting Jess," Seth states, his voice full of love. "I thought she hated me at first. I was standing there staring at her like a dummy. I thought Mike was gonna kill me for droolin' over his sister." "Cassie walking for the first time," Bella states softly wiping a tear away. "Doctors said she would never walk. This idiot," she grins, pointing at a now smirking Seth, "accidently left the corral gate open and this three day old foal gets out, running across the front yard where Cassie is sitting on a blanket. The foal stops right in front of her and she just pushed herself up and walked right to it. It's actually her horse now, they have a special bond, so we kept him for her." "Meetin' Charlie," Eric comments. "Came out here with my dad, I had to be, I don't know, eight years old? Dad was doin' some work for Charlie. I was bored and wandered into the barn. Charlie picked me up and sat me on his horse. That was the first time I ever rode, but after that, I came out here every chance I got and Charlie would take me ridin'." "The first camp we had out here for the kids," Tyler remarks. "This little girl had never been on a swing, so Billy and me built this platform swing that her wheelchair would lock onto. Oh, God, her smile was so brilliant." Everyone turns and looks at me and Leah. It must be out turn. Without so much as a look at each other, we both answer, "Bella and Jessica's graduation party." We both look at each other and chuckle, along with everyone else. "That was the weekend that we finally pulled out heads out of our asses," Leah continues with a smirk. "I still have no clue why you two were so scared that we would get mad at y'all," Bella remarks, laughing. "I think daddy was ready to lock the two of you in the barn together, just to see if you'd either kiss or kill each other." "I think it was our age difference," Leah sighs. "He was like your little brother and I was one of your best friends." "He is the annoying little brother," Seth chortles. "Hey," I rebut. "I got the older woman, didn't I?" "That's still my sister you're talkin' 'bout," Seth growls, glaring at me. "I think it's time to turn in," my dad mentions, breaking the tension. He knows how Seth and me can be if we get to arguing. "Tomorrow's gonna be busy." We all head our separate ways after the fire is put out. "Promise me you won't interfere," Leah whispers as we walk back to our cabin. "Let them both mend their broken hearts together. It's time for her to be happy, J. I want her to have what we have." "I promise not to interfere," I concede. "But if he hurts her, there will be no stopping me." "I wouldn't have it any other way," she agrees, reaching up to kiss my cheek. "I love you." I whisper my love for her as I kiss her temple as we continue strolling to the cabin. Maybe the Cullens would be a good thing, a positive thing for the ranch.