space to be wasted." "I'll look at it and we can come up with something," he suggests. "I have a materials list for the dock and pit roof. We can go ahead and order that so I can get started next week." "Tomorrow, if y'all are up to it," Bella starts. "I thought we could all go to College Station. Jessica, Sarah, and I stripped your rooms. I figured you could pick out the colors you want and decorate them. There's a Lowe's and Bed, Bath and Beyond there, so we can buy everything you need." "That was so thoughtful, dear," my mother states with tears in her eyes. "It wasn't necessary, but thank you." "I'm ready to redecorate the whole house so it's for me just as much as it's for y'all," she answers. "Plus, Cassie has outgrown her room and I want to look around for a different theme." Angela goes to get up to start cleaning when Sarah interrupts her, "Dear, you helped cook, so you don't clean up." "But-," Angela starts to protest. "No buts, sit," Sarah directs gently. "We all share the chores 'round here. The boys will take care of cleaning up, except you, Edward. Since we're gonna be in town tomorrow, we need to make grocery and supply lists." So Sarah, Bella, Angela, my mother, and I sit for over an hour making lists for different stores. The others would contribute when they thought of something they want or need. "We're gonna need to take the utility trailer and some ice chests," Billy states. "We should probably just take the small coach and hook the trailer to it." "Is there a clothing store there, too," I ask. "We're going to need clothes fit for a ranch." "There is a lot of stores," Sarah answers, tapping her chin. "I think Gander Mountain and Old Navy would be best." "Yes," Billy bursts in excitement. "Gander Mountain for sure. We need some supplies for the ranch and I need new boots." "Right," Sarah and Bella both sigh. "You need to follow the list is what you need to do," Sarah contests. "I'll make a list," he agrees. "Hand me that notepad." "I don't think so, mister," Bella interjects. "You tell me what we need and I'll make the list." We all laugh at his pouting face. He finally concedes and they start making a Gander Mountain list. By the time we're finished, there is eleven lists. "We should call Readfield's on the way and order ten meat packs and then we can add any extras Edward and Sarah want when we get there," Billy suggests. "It'll cut our wait time in half." "Oh yeah," Sarah replies excited. "Edward is gonna have a field day there." "What's Readfield's?" I inquire. "This huge meat market," Sarah answers in excitement. "But they have all kinds of local and imported stuff, too. Even fresh cheeses and seasonings." "OK," Bella sighs. "Breakfast is at six and then we'll get on the road. Let's get y'all settled and then it's bed time." She leads us all upstairs to our new rooms. I notice that our luggage and boxes are lined up against the walls. "OK," she explains, laughing. "Everyone has a master bedroom and the room next to it. The post-it notes on the doors is Jessica's doing." "Wow," Rose breathes out. "Bella, this is too much." "Guys," she starts, "these rooms sit here untouched. Make them your new homes along with the rest of the house. You can do whatever you want with them. The bedrooms have king-size beds and your extra rooms have minimum furniture. There's plenty of extra furniture in the third floor rooms that need to be emptied and also there's some stuff in storage." "Thanks," we all answer, grateful for what she has done. I open one of the doors with my name and I'm amazed. The room is completely empty except for an espresso-colored sofa and a sea blue chaise lounge. They're both overstuffed and look extremely comfortable. The walls are stark white and the floor is light oak wood. Leaving the door open, I go to the room next to it with my name on the sticky note. Again, I'm in awe of this woman. It's like she knew exactly what I would pick out. There's a king-size panel bedroom suite in espresso and plain white sheets on the bed but nothing else. She left me a blank canvas to do as I please, just like she said. Excitement boils inside of me and I stick my head out the door calling for my mother. "What are you going on about, son?" she questions, making her way down the hall. "Come see," I request. Once she makes it to the first room, I point inside. "See this?" "Yeah," she states. "And?" "Now come here," I say, grabbing her hand and leading her to the bedroom. "See this?" "I do," she says, looking at me with questioning eyes. "Remember when you and Dad took us to that beach house after I graduated college?" I ask, knowing she will understand. "You want this room similar to the blue room you loved so much," she states looking at me as I nod my head. "Okay, we can do that. You need to measure those windows. I'm sure between all the furniture around here, we can find that will match to go in front of the sofa." "Love you, Mom," I say, hugging her. "Love you, too," she replies. "Now, come get your stuff out of the hall and stack it in the extra room for now." "Yes, ma'am," I agree. After getting my boxes and luggage moved, I take Lleu out and then we get ready for bed. I need to remember to get him a dog bed tomorrow. I get my iPad out and start making a list of all the things he needs that I didn't buy in Vegas. Soon, I'm dozing off, excited for tomorrow.