he still had when he noticed that the red truck was missing. "I put it in here" He spun around to see Quill standing in front of the garage, he shoved his hands into his pockets as he stared at his best friend "If you're here to give me a big speech or tell me how much I screwed everything don't. I already know and I can't take anymore tonight" Quill took a step towards him "I'm your best friend Jake it's my job to stand by you even when you screw everything up" He watched as Quill pointed over his shoulder at the garage "I put it in there because I figured you'd wanna be alone" His eyes never left the garage door and what he knew was behind it "Thanks" Quill shrugged his shoulders "No problem. Go on I'll watch the door make sure no one bothers you" Jacob let his feet carry him across the yard towards the door of the garage. As his hand grasped the handle he asked the spirits to give him the strength to handle the pain of doing the one thing he never though he would have to do and still wished he didn't, he slowly pulled the door open. He took two steps inside the barn before the smell of strawberries hit him and he finally looked up at the truck. The door clicked shut behind him just as his heart shattered and he fell to his knees. Embry smiled up at the older women as she placed a cup of coffee on the table in front of him "Thanks Mom" The women leaned down placing on kiss on the top of his head "You are very welcome baby" The ohhh's and ahhh's behind him caused his eyes to roll as he turned back towards the table. Raising the warm mug to his lips he let his eyes roam over the rowdy group of teenagers around him, his pack, before landing on the older men across from him. His sat the cup in front of him and he locked eyes with his father "Matt will be back in about three hours and then we will be ready to start the markings" His father nodded before looking at the old man sitting on his left. Old man Eli looked down writing something in a leather journal before looking back up at him "It needs to be one a night and in pack order" Embry nodded his head and the old man continued "You need to be there every night, we start tomorrow be at my house at dusk." "So who's first?" Embry looked towards the end of the table just as Kate's, the only female of his pack, hand connected with the back of Ethan's head "Embry you idiot" Ethan rubbed the back of his head, his caramel eyes twinkling "Oh that pack order" Embry opened his mouth but before the words could pass through his lips headlight scanned across the dinner as a car pulled into the parking lot. A sharp pain shot through his chest, the force of it smashing the cup in his hands and ripping the air from his lungs. A car door slammed shut as Eli's voice floated across the table "Boys I believe are young Alpha has just found his imprint" The bell above the dinner jingled as Embry was able to take a breath, turning around slowly he looked at the tiny teenage girl that walked in. Her brown hair hung loosely around her shoulders, her lips were red and chapped, her cheeks were raw, her brown eyes puffy and red but underneath all the pain and hopelessness he could see the light he had been searching for. He went to push himself from his chair when a hand landed on his shoulder, he looked up at his mother "I'll handle this" He relaxed back into his chair as his mom walked across the diner stopping in front of the small girl "Can I help you dear" The girls eyes focused on his mother, her voice broken when she finally spoke "I don't…I don't know where I am." The tears started trailing the stained path down her face. His mom wrapped her arms around the girls shoulder, smoothing one hand over her hair as the girl released all her pain into his mother shoulder "Shhh honey its ok" After what seemed like forever the girl pulled back, wincing as the harsh material of her coat came in contact with the raw skin of her cheeks as she brushed the wetness from her face. "I'm… I'm so sorry" Embry watched as his mom patted the girls hand "It's ok dear. How about I make us some tea. No reason you should be cold while you figure everything out." The girl nodded as a small smile passed over her lips. She followed his mom across the dinner, as she passed the table the smell of strawberries drifted to him. Closing his eyes he let the smell wrap around him before turning back towards the table looking over at the old man "Sorry where were we?" Eli smiled at him before leaning over to write something in his journal, before his father spoke "Son are you sure you want to do this" Embry's eyes flashed to the small girl sitting next to his mother at the counter before landing back on his father "Yeah she needs her privacy and mom seems to have it under control" His father nodded before looking over at the old man still writing in his journal. Letting the girl carrying his soul have the privacy she needed he focused all his attention on the two men in front of him and the pack business they were handling because in his mind it was just important as her. A/N: I never intended on posting this story. So please let me know what you think so I know if I should keep posting or not.