had just caused him. "You are too rough," Aksel protested. "Shut up," James ordered as he used his hips to pull back more than half way and immediately thrust in fully again. "Let me get used to you!" Aksel pleaded. "I said SHUT UP!" James shouted into Aksel's ear. And then genuine fear gripped Aksel. He tried to look back over his shoulder at the man who was almost raping him. James wrapped a fist tightly in Aksel's long hair and took a firm grip. This too caused the younger man pain and James began to thrust violently into him. Aksel's cries were music to James' ears. He momentarily closed his eyes as he pulled hard on the hair in his fist. And then looked down on the man he pounded into unmercifully with utter contempt. "Did you let Edward Cullen fuck you?" James seethed. "Did Edward Cullen fuck you like this?!" "No!" Aksel cried with eyes squeezed tightly shut. "He was good lover!" And that was the exact wrong thing to say. James twisted his fist tighter in Aksel's hair and held Aksel down with the weight of his body on his elbow in Aksel's back, and the pounding of his pole in Aksel's ass. With his free hand, James began to pound into Aksel's ribs with his fist. Aksel screamed and James shouted at him to shut up. When he didn't, James began to pound into his face. "You stupid little fuck!" the raining down of James' fist onto Aksel's body matched the tempo with which he pounded his cock into Aksel's body. "You stupid little cunt! Ungh!" James let go of Aksel's hair at last and stopped beating him, only to wrap his hands around Aksel's neck as he lost it deep within Aksel's ass. "Ungh!" James' body convulsed as his seed blasted into Aksel's body. He no longer thrust and held himself balls deep up Aksel's ass. Aksel no longer made a sound and clawed at the hands that cut off his air. His hands were slick with his own blood that poured from his nose and he could get no purchase on James' fingers. James shuddered as his orgasm waned and he gave a few final thrusts before he pulled out of Aksel. He let go of his death grip on the kid's neck and rolled off of him, panting from his exertion. Aksel coughed and scrambled to get away from James. He didn't even notice that there was no condom. "You are very bad man! Seth was right!" Aksel coughed, cried and bled as he fell off the side of the bed. "Just get out," James gave a wave. "Go back to Edward Cullen." Aksel wiped his bloody face, hands and still bleeding nose on the already ruined comforter before he ran for his clothes at the door. James took another minute to rest before he rose himself. He retrieved the condom from where he had tossed it, threw it on the bed and gathered up the ruined comforter. James carried it to the kitchen and stuffed it into a trash bag. He took a moment to wash Aksel's blood from his own hands, then walked to the front door with the bag. As he suspected, Aksel had fled and left the door open behind him. James didn't have a care as he walked out of his condo stark naked to drop the trash bag down the garbage chute. He then returned to his home, closed and locked the door behind him, and headed toward his master bath for a much needed shower. It was close to three when the police arrived. A quick call to Morton while they rode up in the elevator put an end to that and the uniformed officers departed just as soon as they arrived, with apologies for disturbing him. James indulged in another scotch after he shut the door behind Seattle's finest. He wore a silk dressing gown and flexed his muscles as he walked toward his study. This night's foray had proven most rewarding. It was satisfying on so many levels and quite good exercise as well. James sat in his tall leather chair and opened his laptop. He would send an email to Morton thanking him and enquire again as to how he could contribute to the annual policemen's ball. Aksel being from Norway got James thinking as he sipped his scotch. How easy it would be to eliminate useless flotsam like family and friends from a boy's life if he were from overseas. James sat and looked out at the Sound in the dark of night, some few lights twinkling on the far shore, deep in thought. This would take careful planning. A donation of some kind to the foreign exchange student program at UW and the sponsoring of a few student events specifically for exchange students would make interactions with those students quite normal and expected. It was just the perfect time for good press like that too. James could take the summer to ingratiate himself with the University officials so that when the fall students arrived, he would already be a fixture. James leaned back in his tall, white leather, executive office chair. It was the twin of the black one in his office at work. Both had been custom fitted to his body and were the very epitome of comfort. James briefly considered, with his laptop ready and waiting on his desk in front of him, zipping off an email to whomever was in charge of the exchange student program at UW. He quickly thought better of that. The way to do this properly was through introductions, preferably by someone on high, not though an email. James looked through the stack of mail on his desk that had arrived today and found the invitation he had thought earlier to discard. He leaned back again and took a sip of his scotch. He smiled and held up the invitation. This would do perfectly.