good it feels," Seth picked up his knife and cut his steak. "Oh, Nasir!" Edward suddenly remembered. "Hey, congrats on the new job, buddy!" "Thank you," Nasir smiled. "I know I am going to love it. And more importantly, the company is sponsoring my green card. I cannot tell you what a relief it is to know that I have that." "Yeah," Emmett agreed and took his lover's hand. "Will you still pursue the asylum request?" Edward asked. "Absolutely," Emmett gave the answer. "I'm not taking any chances with this guy. If we don't have one, we'll have the other, and preferably both." Nasir just smiled at Emmett and squeezed the hand that held his. He felt very loved at that moment. "I was rather hoping for a quiet, reflective evening with my cat, but it is nice to come home to close friends and a great meal. Thanks, guys," Edward expressed. "You're our brother, Eddie," Emmett put a hand on Edward's shoulder. "You think we could keep them away?" Garrett smiled. "The Emira especially," Nasir added. "Last time I was on this deck I found myself wishing that I had my feather with me. Today all I want is a tomahawk," Seth spoke to himself. "And that I had paid attention in scalping class." "There's a scalping class?" Emmett laughed. "No," Seth admitted, "but right now I wish there had been!" "What is it about my back yard that gets you so in touch with your roots?" Edward asked. "I don't know," Seth thought about it. "I guess it's that your back yard is so full of nature. And people who are asking for it." Nasir took a big bite of his steak. Seth was so much fun to tease. He loved all of these people. "Edward," he finished chewing before he continued, "your trip was good?" "Nasir, it was so nice just being with him, I can't even tell you," Edward was sincere. "I can think of one thing that would have made it nicer," Emmett wagged his eyebrows. "Well, yes, obviously I would have loved it if that had happened," Edward agreed. "No," Seth shook his head. "They were not ready for that step at that point, Emmy. I do think they are moving ever closer to that point, though. Mark my words, all of you. There is more good in store in September than Emmy and Nasir's wedding." "From your lips to God's ears, Sweetie," Emmett expressed the desire they all felt. "Edward, I wish nothing more for you than to know the I joy I have with Emmett, and Garrett has with Sethy, with Jasper," Nasir took Emmett's hand. "Thanks, Nasir. You all know that's what I want too," Edward nodded. "This was fantastic, you guys," he leaned back in his chair and rubbed his stomach. "I should go out of town more often," Edward gave his trademark Cullen smirk. "For a trip like this one, that's fine with me," Emmett stated. "Every weekend if you like." "To spend time with him, Em," Edward shook his head. "I don't think there is anything I wouldn't do." "I know, Eddie," Emmett put a hand on Edward's shoulder. "Hey," he remembered, "you think your little brothers would consider being our ushers?" "Oh, hell, they'd love it. You want me to ask them?" Edward asked. "Would you mind?" Emmett requested. "Not at all," Edward shook his head. "Hey, who wants to hop back in the hot tub?" Seth asked. "You guys are scary in a hot tub," Edward teased. "We took care of that earlier," Emmett stated. "All we wanna do now is relax." "I don't know," Edward expressed his doubt. "I probably need to keep my sister out of there or she'll get pregnant. Might pop out a teeny weeny dark baby with extra long hair." "Your sister should be so lucky," Seth flipped his extra long hair over his shoulder. "Eddie, c'mon. You know us better than that. We swallow," Emmett told what they all already knew. "Like he doesn't," Seth waved a hand. "I don't! It depends on who I'm with, Seth," Edward protested. "We're talking about Jasper," Seth looked at Edward pointedly. "Then, yes, I would. As often as he would let me," Edward expressed. "C'mon, Sweetie. The guys got everything out. Help me clean up. The light's fading fast," Emmett began to gather plates into a pile. "How about I build us a fire down by the lake?" Edward offered. "That sounds nice, Edward," Garrett liked that idea. Edward watched Seth get up from the chair next to him. "Do you suppose I could persuade you to put some clothes on?" "Certainly you could," Seth pulled his towel from his waist and handed it to Edward. He walked naked over to the chair on which his and Garrett's clothes lay, picked up his shorts and stepped into them. Seth returned to the table as he zipped up, to gather what Emmett left, and followed the bigger man into the house. Edward just shook his head. "I love when he does that," Nasir expressed. "I do too, I confess," Garrett agreed. "I'll go get the fire going," Edward rose from his table and headed down the decks toward the lake. "Perhaps we should take our clothes into the house to put them on," Garrett suggested. "I will take Emmett's inside to him," Nasir followed Garrett from the table. "Though I much prefer him with nothing on." Garrett just chuckled as he carried his clothes and Seth's leather vest into Edward's house. The two couples sat with Edward around the small fire for well over an hour. They listened to more details about Chicago and shared more plans for the wedding. They did not stay late as they knew Edward was due on the mountain at the crack of dawn the next morning. They each hugged Edward tightly, none more so than Emmett who deliberately went last and longest, and headed home to the city.