the one that discovered that Nurse Ramsley and Mr Gray were getting... personal. I had an accident in gym and had to go to the Nurse's office. Apparently they had forgotten I was in the next room. Mr Gray got two students sitting at the tables in the front to hand out a subject form. I glanced down at my list Biology Chemistry History Maths English Literature I signed my name at the bottom, officially signing up for the subjects. I looked over Edward's sheet, frowning when I saw that History was crossed out and Spanish was written beside it in his neat handwriting. "I thought you wanted to take History this year?" He shrugged. "I changed my mind. I want to do Spanish instead." He specifically chose History because he wanted to have more lessons with me. I frowned but didn't comment. After Mr Gray had checked our lists against our timetables he let us go. As Edward walked me to my class I noticed he kept glancing around. "Are you sure you're ok?" I asked. He looked at me and smiled his crookedly. It didn't quite reach his eyes, but he succeeded in making my stomach tighten. "I'm sure Bella, stop worrying." I stood on my tiptoes and pressed my lips against his. He kissed me back, enthusiastically. More enthusiastically then he ever had at school before. I pushed him away lightly. "I've got to get to class." He nodded and turned abruptly getting swallowed by the swarm of students. I turned to the classroom, pushing past the huge form of Jacob Black. Biology, Chemistry and History passed in a blur. In each lessons the teachers outlined us on the structure of the course and the assessments. Each one stressed the importance of the exams. "They'll determine your future," Miss Hare reminded us, as if we could forget. The past two years had been building up to this year. "I swear if one more teacher tells us what a big deal this year is I'll scream," Lauren grumbled as we walked into the canteen. I laughed at her. "Well you know Mr Banner will." She groaned. "At least he's hot." I balked. "Ugh! He is not!" She winked at me. We walked into English together, Lauren rushing to sit next to Mike, who was conveniently sitting in front of Tyler. I shook my head as I sat nearer the front. I loved English; it was the one subject I was truly good at. I pulled out my book, and my notepad and set my bag on the floor. I was doodling when someone pulled out the chair next to me. "Hey E-" My greeting froze on my lips. I frowned at the native American boy moving to sit next to me. "Sorry, my boyfriend's sitting there," I said. He eyed the chair before looking amused. "Doesn't look like it." I blushed, realising he thought that I was speaking of an imaginary boyfriend. "I'm saving the seat for him." He sat in the chair giving me a grin. "Too bad, looks like he missed out." I glared at him. "Listen..." "Paul," he said. "Listen Paul, my boyfriend will be sitting there, so you need to move." He smiled, flashing his white teeth. "No, I don't think I will." I growled. Edward walked in the door. His eyes landed on Paul's frame before he looked away taking a seat next to Jessica. She looked over at me guiltily, before her interest was stolen by the boy sitting next to me. I smiled. I knew if I asked, she would trade seats with me no questions asked. Mr Banner clapped his hands. "Ok guys, I thought we'd kick of the year with a challenge. Working in pairs you're going to choose a poem to analyse." The class groaned, and Mr Banner laughed. "A poem that you haven't done before," he said pointedly looking at a few members of the class. "You will write your points down on a sheet of A2 paper, and present them to the class. He set down a poem in front of me and Paul. I grabbed the sheet, skimming over the lines. I felt frustrated when I couldn't make sense of it. Paul gently tugged it out of my grip. "Mind if I look?" "Go ahead," I said politely. I ignored his raised brow and doodled on my notebook. I wanted to snatch the poem back from him, to prove to him that I didn't need a partner, that he might as well go find another seat- "Well I think it's saying that no one can escape death." "What?" I asked flatly. "It says right there, 'No Bold Sickness come'." He nodded and set the poem down. "Death is shut out from their house," he said. "But there is hints that it isn't totally safe from death." He pointed at the first stanza. "See the repetition of the 's' sound? It's almost sinister. And the imagery of harsh reality outside of their home, the 'Muffled Coaches' death still manages to penetrate their bubble. And here," he pointed at the last line. "It suggests that in the end death will interrupt them." "But the language suggests otherwise," I protested. "The house is safe, it says so right there!" "But are they really living? Do they know what life really is? How can they when they're sealed up in their house," Paul argued. I grit my teeth in annoyance. "Excellent job Miss Swan, Mr Lahote," Mr Banner said. I jerked in surprise. I hadn't realised that he was listening in on our argument. "You ideas are interesting Mr Lahote." His eyes wondered over the both of us. "I think this will be an interesting pairing," he murmured as he walked away. I glanced at Paul who was smiling. "You were saying?" He said. I huffed, snatching my pen up from off the table. There was no way I could spend the next year working with him. No way.