no way out, I give up. I start walking with no thought to direction or time. Finally, my feet stop. I end up standing in Bella's back yard. Looking through her window, I see the light is out. Listening closely, I hear her crying. My heart breaks yet again. I had missed my delivery. Screw this. I phase back to human, throw on some shorts, and head for the nearest meadow. I refuse to make her cry anymore. Leaving a single flower in her window can not harm her. Looking around at the ground covered in new spring flowers, I find a pretty white daisy. It's perfect. I pick it and make my way back to her window. Standing quietly, I wait for her tears to cease and her breathing to even out. I reach out to put the flower in the flower box as I have done so many times before. Suddenly, a very bright light shines directly into my eyes. I'm momentarily blinded. "Quil Ateara! What do you think you're doing? Why do you keep putting flowers in my window every night?" She sets the flashlight aside and opens her window so she can speak to me face to face. "Bella, I…." What do I tell her? I can't tell her the truth . I glance up at her face, meeting her eyes. All of a sudden, I lose myself in her familiar big, brown, beautiful eyes. It feels as if a rope is pulling our very souls together. I know that without her in my life, I am nothing. She has been, and always will be, my everything. Rather than stutter out a lie to cover my tracks, I tell her the truth. "I love you, Bella." Years have passed since that night. Our love grew deep after I finally admitted my feelings for her. We were lost in our own little world of happiness and love. After we both graduated from college, our relationship moved forward. As I stand waiting for her, I think back to the young kids playing on that spring afternoon and how much Bella means to me, the joy that she has brought me and our profound love for one another. Now however as much as I love her, I am nothing but anxious. I glance at Sam who stands next to me, with Embry on his other side. Both wear knowing smiles and are on the verge of exploding into fits of laughter at my expense. Adjusting my shirt collar for what had to be the hundredth time that hour, I look over at them. "Shut up you two. You are so not helping right now." I whisper just softly enough that only Pack members could hear. Jake is standing next to his dad on my other side, wearing a similar expression as my other Pack brothers, because they've all been in my shoes at this very moment. The waiting is excruciating. They understand what it's like to wait for your imprint. He and his father stand patiently, waiting to say some of the most important words that can be spoken to a couple. They will be marrying me to my Bella. Music begins playing and we all turn to look in her direction. Now, I know it's cliché to say that the groom tears up at the first sight of his lovely bride when she walks towards him on that special day, but I had my own reasons. She's so beautiful. Her dress is stunning but I see what she has in her hands, and I can barely contain my emotions. Bella is carrying a bouquet of wild flowers and in her hair, she is wearing a crown of daisies. She stops beside me, kisses her father's cheek and then, takes my hands. Looking into my teary eyes, she knows just how moved I truly am by her flowers. Billy starts the wedding ceremony and honestly, I don't hear a word he says. All I could do is answer when spoken to and gaze at my gorgeous wife. Nearing the end of the ceremony, Billy turns his attention to her. "Bella, would you like to add something to your vows?" Billy asks. She smiles at him, nodding before turning to face me again. "Quil, a very long time ago, you became my friend. We were inseparable. When we were kids, you held my hand, kissed my skinned knees and made me laugh. With time, we grew older but rather than grow apart, our friendship grew stronger still. We became best friends, sharing all of our hopes and dreams. Now, I stand in front of you on the day that we will become man and wife. I want you to know that I have not, nor will I ever, forget the promise that I made to you that very first day. I didn't understand the meaning of that promise, but I do now. I promised then that I will be by your side through it all. Now, I promise to stay by your side as your wife. I love you, and I will for the rest of our lives." "You may kiss your bride, Quil." Billy beams at both of us before backing away, giving us room. Now in the history of kisses, many lips have met and many souls entwined but this kiss made its own way into the history books as the most pure and loving one ever known. No one was able to look away from us because they were pulled in by the love radiating from this new couple. Breaking apart, I hold my bride close to me, wiping the tears that are now falling down her cheeks. I move my lips to her ear to whisper very softly. "Promise me that you will not forget that you are my princess, Bella Ateara." My voice cracks with emotion. She gives me her brightest smile. Her happiness is shining inside and out. "I will not forget. I promise."