the subject. "Yeah." I answered, finally putting on the Kings of Leon song that I knew she liked. "'Use Somebody,' you like this too right?" She nodded; He's not going to get out of answering that easily . "What more of an answer do you need," I snapped at her. "I know that she is attracted to me, can we move on?" She frowned at me; I'd answered her thoughts, and it sounded sort of out of the blue. "I'm sorry." "It's okay, I get it. You don't want to talk about your personal life with me. That's fine" she turned away and started picking at something, I couldn't hear what she was thinking, other than that I had hurt her. "Look, I'm really sorry; I didn't mean to make you feel bad." I said reaching for her shoulders and rubbing them to comfort her. She flinched away from me, but I did note how her heartbeat accelerated. "Everybody knows how Endora feels about me." I shrugged, stuffing my hands in my pockets. "Oh" she said. What do you feel for her? Should I ask? Probably not after how he had snapped. "I guess I was the last to find out. That's weird I thought the little brat told me everything." She made an uncomfortable little laugh. I stepped close beside her. "I guess she felt weird talking to you about it" I shrugged. It's not like the two of them were the best of friends, the only thing that really seemed to bind them was the fact that they were related. I also knew from her thoughts that Endora was envious of the power that Neah possessed. "Why wouldn't she, I am the closest female to her age in the house?" she said wiping some oil she had on her hand on her jeans. I was briefly distracted by the shape of her thighs, but then focused my attention once more on our conversation. "For a female, you don't act very feminine." I joked, and she punched my shoulder. "See, you're so violent!" "You had it coming!" she smirked. "And who are you to say I don't act like a female?" she turned her body and leaned very close to me. "I could be wrong," her closeness generated an extreme urge to touch her. She looked me dead in my eyes, with the weirdest expression, and then barked a quick laugh. "I must be crazy." She said, twisting away, pacing back to her car, and closing the hood. Until tomorrow, Thunder, she patted the hood twice. "Thunder? You named your car?" I mocked. "That's it. You are a dead man." She chased me out into the front yard and tackled me to the ground. "What did I tell you about respecting your alpha?" She demanded capturing my hands and forcing them to the ground above my head. She was straddling me, she had done this several times before when we fought, but this was the first time the action was laced with sexual tension. "I respect you, I respect you." I laughed, twisting back and forth. She squeezed my hands tighter. "Well then why are you all inside my head?" she arched her eyebrow. What do you know little man ? "I don't know anything! You have to remember that I don't hear everything... and I'm not little, by the way" I said, calming and rolling my eyes at her. "How does that work anyway?" she said letting me go and thumping down by my side. "How do you cut it off and on like that?" "Haven't we talked about this before... a million times?" I asked flipping to my stomach to look at her more clearly; her eyes glowed gold in the moonlight. "You know that I really have no idea how it works. I think that I subconsciously hear what people want me to hear." Really? I hope you're right about that. "Yeah I am about 95% sure about it ." She laughed quietly to herself and closed her eyes . Why do I feel like I want you to hold me Will, and maybe even... She quickly sat upright and inhaled deeply. "I gotta go! There's… this thing I gotta do" she stuttered, scrambling to get up, but I grabbed her hand unexpectedly and held her there. I actually surprised myself. "I didn't catch the end of that," confronting her about her thoughts. I knew it wasn't the brightest idea, but I had to try. "What are you talking about?" she seemed genuinely confused; maybe she was a better liar than I gave her credit for. Don't do this Will, don't change things. "You know what I am talking about." I leaned toward her. I realized I was treading on thin ice, but I'd rather things be tackled head on. It was one of the reasons she wanted me as her beta, because I don't like games. "Will, do you want us to remain civil?" She asked me bluntly. "Yes, of course." "Then we need to act as if we are business partners, and I am your boss. There are some things that are not acceptable for us to do, or talk about." She huffed, shutting her eyes and hanging her head. Like fall in love. Her thought rang through my head and made me want to grab her and kiss her. I liked the idea of her wanting me and loving me. "But you don't really want that." I replied, quite upset at how easily she could set aside her feelings for me. This was the first conversation that I had had with Pire where her thoughts were so different from the words she spoke. "Maybe we shouldn't be as close as we are. This will be the last personal conversation we have." She said coldly. "Neah… Pire?" "Will , please don't make me use an Alpha command. This is not serious enough for that." She sighed sorrowfully. "I am going to bed, goodbye Will."