I allowed my hands to rest on her hips as I rocked her to and fro to the little melody I was creating. I held her only a little closer than arm's length. I didn't know how she felt about being so close to me, considering that my aroma didn't quite work well with her sinuses. I smiled gently and gathered her just a little closer after Leah had begun to relax and enjoy the experience. "It's not so bad being led by a vampire is it?" "I guess. You know sometimes I forget what you are. I probably would forget completely if it wasn't for you feeling the need to remind me on a daily basis." She rolled her eyes and I chuckled. "I think, sometimes when I'm hanging out with you, I start to forget that I'm a monster and I'm supposed to be miserable," I confessed and she smirked. Her copper colored skin began to redden. "I made you blush. What emotion does that come from?" I raised one hand from her waist to caress her cheek. Her heated blood on radiated through her skin and stung my pointer finger as I enjoyed the feel of her soft skin beneath mine. "I really don't know. I don't recognize myself when I'm with you. I don't know what I'm saying, and you say the weirdest things sometimes." She shrugged her shoulder and moved a few inches closer to me. I'm not sure if the action was voluntary but I appreciated it. "I can tell you what I think you feel." I wasn't sure why I was about to push the envelope in regard to this. I knew that if I was wrong I could stand to lose the one person that motivated me to keep existing. Something in me told me I had to try; it just felt like Leah and I were opposite magnetic poles with an undeniable force pulling us towards one another. I knew I couldn't be close enough to her, and if she wasn't near, I was thinking about her, or wishing she was. "Please, spare me your romanticism. I will admit to an attraction to you, okay? And I know you feel it too, but I'm trying not to focus on any of that." She whimpered her irritated confession to me. I knew the only reason she'd adopted that attitude was because she was afraid of my response. It took everything in me not to call her on it. "It's just lust, Edward, it will pass. It always does." She murmured the last part to herself. "Will it?" I pulled her closer to my chest so that our bodies were flush against each other. After a moment of tension, Leah again relaxed and placed her head on my shoulder. "What if I agreed? What if I felt it was lust, but I thought it was the special kind of lust that was all dressed up fancy, wearing make-up, with nice hair and had on elegant perfume? What if we were involved in that type of lust?" Leah's body tensed against mine and she allowed herself to whisper one word. "No." It wasn't 'No, I don't feel that way.', instead it was 'Oh no, I feel that way, too.' "You can't deny that type of lust, Leah. It lingers, bubbling deep down in you lower belly, confirming that you've found someone. The one ." I whispered in her ear and her body began to tremble, not with anger, but in fear and hesitation. What does this mean? He can't possibly mean what he's saying, she thought as she tried to calm and control her emotions. "What we have, Edward, is a really good friendship with a hint of something extra. The feeling is not fancy, it's biological… and probably carnal on some levels." She was lying to herself, and wasting her breath. It was impossible for her to trick me. Maybe she was still trying to keep herself in denial. "Is it really?" I pulled away from her, just enough so I could study her face. Her eyes were watery and full of anxious activity. "Carnal feelings cause this face? "Yes," she stammered. "Yes?" I couldn't believe she was still trying to lie. The turmoil and the desire whirled in her eyes. I couldn't leave her feeling so vulnerable, we needed to tackle this. I had enough secrets in my life, I didn't need this to be another one, especially because, as far as I was concerned, there was no guilt or shame in this feeling. "You're lying. I believe love is real and that it's what you feel; regardless of whether you want to admit it to yourself or not. I personally hope you allow yourself to yield it because… I'm pretty sure I'm in love with you, Leah." I slowly moved my face closer, hoping she wouldn't shift away from me. When she didn't, I gently placed my lips against hers once, and then again a little less tenderly, to make known my need to love her. We stood intertwined, movie long forgotten, with her hands slipping into my hair and my hands possessively gripping her waist. As we kissed, our movements became more intense and urgent. Leah's breath was quickly becoming a panting that played in rhythm with her heartbeat. At last her mind conceded, and her thoughts became clear. I love you Edward, I do . I lifted my head away from hers, I wanted to see what Leah's love for me looked like. I studied her wide, caring eyes with deep blushed cheeks. She was beautiful; this emotion, above any other, suited her. "I love you, too," I whispered before I lifted her into my arms and kissed her once more and carrying her up the stairs with the full intention of showing her just how much I adored her. "Mind rapist!" She tightened her arms around my neck, giggled and then kissed me once more. "My mind rapist."