about it. She touched my neck gently as she moaned softly as our kiss deepened. Our tongues dances as our hands wandered and explored each other. After a few minutes, she pulled away from me with a nervous chuckle. I went to lean into her again and kiss her. "Edward, wait a second," she murmured as she tried to catch her breath. "No more waiting, Baby," I murmured as I leaned into kiss her neck. She leaned into the feel of my lips against her neck. She took a sigh of relief and release. She pulled away a little bit and stood up. I was immediately worried. Why was she pulling away? This was the moment we waited for, or at least I had. She looked back at me and simply offered me her hand. I took it. She led me up the stairs and to her room. After we were both inside, she closed and locked her door. She turned to me and looked puzzled. "Why are you just standing there? Have a seat Edward," she said as she took a seat herself and patted the seat beside her. Damn her for looking so tempting. As I moved towards her she scooted back on the bed and I followed her lead. Her mind told me where she wanted me, and for years that's exactly where I wanted to be. I crawled up the bed on top of her. "Hi," she giggled. "Hey," I kissed her playfully a couple of times and then our make out session more intense. She inadvertently moving her pelvis against me as our passion grew. "God Baby, I've wanted this moment for so long. I don't even know where to start." I ran my fingers along her abdomen, and she arched her back and moved closer to the feel of my touch. "Where do you want me, Baby?" I whispered in her ear before sucking on her earlobe. She moaned and turned so she could kiss me properly. I pulled the straps down on her dress and then pushed her back a little so I could pepper kissed along her chest. Her hands were in my hair and as I alternated between sucking on her nipples and placing little butterfly kissing around her areolas. "Oh Edward," she groaned and tried to pull my face back to hers. "Wait, Baby, there are so many other places I want to taste," I whispered as I pulled her dress completely off. All that was left were her little black cotton panties. I allowed my tongue to create a trail down her abdomen and her body shook. "Ah, it so cold," she giggled, and I looked up at her and smiled as I placed kisses around her belly button. She squirmed and swayed with her own little rhythm. I watched and she caressed her own breasts with her eyes clothes. I rubbed my hands along the outside of her thighs and then ducked my pointer fingers into the elastic on her panties. "Is this okay, Leah?" I asked as I began to pull down her panties. She nodded as she attempted regulate her breathing. I gently brushed my pointer and middle finger against her sex. "Oh shit," she whimpered as she opened her legs wider and moved closer toward me. Her desire was an intoxicating aroma. It was something that had faintly danced around my nostrils before, but this was the first time it seemed dance around me and entice me so. The more I toyed with her womanhood, the stronger her fragrance became. "Everything about you is heavenly, you know that, Leah? The way you look, the way you smell, the way you sound, and the way you taste." I lowered my mouth to her womanhood and she cried out. Her desire tasted so sweet, it was as if I couldn't please her fast enough. I wanted to devour all of it. "OH, Edward, I need you now, please," she begged as she clawed at the sheets. If she needed me, I was certainly going to give her my very best. I quickly disrobed and she watched me as crawl on top of her and position myself inside her. I marveled at the pain, pleasure, and wonder in her eyes. "How's that, Baby?" I asked as I began to move. "It's amazing, Edward. I love you so much," she moaned and I paused. "What'd you say?" I panted. Her eyes looked worried for a second, but then she repeated. "Edward, I love you," she breathed and I groaned. I moved within her harder and faster. She clawed at my back as hard as she could. "I've waited so long … I love you too, Baby," I groaned, and she moaned as her legs began to shake. "You gonna come for me, Baby?" She nodded and let out a growl of satisfaction. I fell apart almost instantly at the sound of her undoing. I collapsed on top of her, and she ran her fingers along my spine. "I love you, Leah," I breathed. "I love you, too," she whispered as she cuddled against me and placed her head at my chest. I wrapped my arm around her. "I've never felt whole before and I swear Edward…after all of this that's exactly how I feel," she murmured. "I feel the same way, My Love, so that means we're done with the 'nos and the 'don'ts' correct?" She smiled at me and shook her head. "There are some 'don'ts' that may be okay, like don't leave me," she muttered before kissing me. "Or don't stop." She kissed me again playfully. "Okay duly noted. Don't will remain in our vocabulary, and you will be mine forever," I decreed and she giggled. "Agreed. I will be yours forever." THE END. Author's Note: Unfortunately no win from this one. It was a fun little piece to write. If you already and reviewed thank you so much! If not let me know what you think!