the anger swelling when understanding hit him. "Fuck you! You two have nothing better to do than to be listening behind people's doors and passing judgment?" He muttered pointing to Ed and Embry. The cook moved quickly to place himself between his lover and the irate alpha. "I hate this; you're so focused on what I've done that you can't see past your fucking noses. I would kick you out of my room right now if I knew that would solve anything, but I know what will happen so let's get this over with." Without another word Jacob turned on his heels and walked to the divider which he slid open barely making a sound. The image of his husband sleeping peacefully brought a small smile to his face. The light bed sheet he was using barely covered him up to his knees. In a few steps the alpha stood next to the bed and covered his mate. It could seem ridiculous to some how possessive and over protective he had turned. He didn't care that most people in the house were familiar with how Seth looked like naked. The sub was to be respected by everyone, especially him. "Baby wake up, you have visitors." Seth stirred lightly in his sleep but didn't show any intentions of waking up. Jake sat beside him and tried to coax him into waking up, bending forward to whisper in his ear and kiss him. The visitors felt uncomfortable with the display and had half a mind of leaving but couldn't leave without making sure Jacob was following instructions. The alpha needed to know big brother was watching and would hold him accountable for his actions. After some gentle persuasion Seth stretched lightly before opening his eyes. "What's going on?" Asked the sub concerned with the unexpected visit. "Everything's good, missing you that's all. How're you feeling?" Asked Embry trying to lighten the mood. "I'm great, happier than I've ever been." Answered the sub truthfully. "Now tell me the real reason you're here." "You're up for a checkup." Jacob's retort was dry and his expression tense. None of this escaped the sub who scooched up on the bed until he was sitting with his back resting on the headboard. "Nope it hasn't been a week yet. Now stop lying to me." Seth was getting aggravated. Jacob realized his mate wouldn't stand down until he was told the truth. "They want to make sure I am not hurting you and the babies. I don't blame them but I wished they would have given me the benefit of the doubt. I'm not a monster anymore." Explained the alpha sadly. "What made you think Jake is abusing me?" Embry could see how worked up his friend was and felt terrible for being a whistle blower. "Well… you guys are not exactly quiet." Seth understood perfectly what his friend was saying. They've heard them making love and assumed the worst. "I appreciate your concern guys but I'm fine. Please don't take this the wrong way but what happens in this room is nobody's business." The visitors looked at each other confused about Seth's attitude. They didn't know what to make of it. The sub was really grateful that they were keeping an eye on things but there was no way on earth he would let them know what had been happening. He knew that his husband didn't regret for one minute being on the receiving end, if that meant they would get to physically express their love, but that didn't mean he was ready to scream it from the rooftops. After all he was an alpha and had a status to maintain. Jacob had mixed feelings about Seth's words. He didn't want his mate to start forsaking their friendship but was grateful he was being so discreet. Still he knew that it was not in his husband's nature to speak in such a way to anyone. He would rather come out, than cause him any stress. "Guys listen, you probably heard us getting it on but not everything is as it seems. My angel is trying to cover for me so I don't lose face. But you know what? There is no shame in giving the person you love everything you have to give. Yes we've made love, I'm bottoming for Seth. Embry's eyes opened comically as he wondered if he heard right. He looked at his friend for answers; Seth nodded in affirmation effectively making an all-out grin to appear in the healer's face. Edward and Carlisle were flabbergasted and felt horrible for doubting their friend. "Jake wow… and again wow. I feel like crap for judging you so unfairly." They owed the alpha a serious apology. "Man I'm sorr…" Jacob raised his hand to make them stop. He didn't let them apologize; anyone in their position would've made the same assumption. He stood up and stretched his hand out but ended up hugging each one of them. The subs wanted to talk and wished the dominants would take their bromance somewhere else. Since that didn't seem like it would happen anytime soon, they had to resign themselves to exchanging looks and knowing smiles. Embry winked at his friend before speaking. "Sooo Ed do you think that's something you'll like to try?" He had to bite the inside of his cheek to prevent him from bursting out laughing when he saw Edward's face turn ashen. "Um… I don't know." "Ed you look about to pass out. You want me to get you a chair?" Jacob's anger and bad mood became a thing of the past when Seth's laughter filled the room. Embry was having too much fun with this. They all burst out laughing unable to stop until they had tears welling up in their eyes. Not every day they got to see somebody as serious as Edward in such predicament. They had so many reasons to be happy, they had hope and they had each other.