"And your hair," Edward placed a hand on his wife's shoulder. David felt the wave of attention turn to him, and he wrapped his arms around Rosalie's legs, burying his face. "It's okay EJ," Bella's arms opened wide for him. David shook his head. "David," Edward corrected with a smirk. "It would seem our son has already decided to change his name." "David," Bella let the name roll from her tongue. She didn't seem to care that he didn't want the name she picked for him. Her stance never changed. Her arms were still wide, and inviting for him. She smiled, flashing her white teeth. He would tell that she wanted to run over to the both of them, yet she waited for them to come to her. David wrapped his hand around Rosalie's finger, dragging her along with him as he made his way over to Bella. "It is okay," she pleaded as David stopped mid-step. David's grip on Rosalie loosened. When he was within arms reach, Bella attempted to wrap her arms around him. David's eyes went wide, and he turned quickly for Rosalie. Everyone moved in one large mass, shifting their positions between Bella and her children. "Oh," Alice cried, exasperated. "She wasn't going to do anything to him. She was just going to hug him." David panted against Rosalie. "Rosalie," he looked up at her with tear bordering his eyes, "I want to go outside." He tried to make his voice soft, so Bella couldn't hear. Yet as Rosalie brought him through the front door, he saw the broken expression on Bella's face. Edward only gave Rosalie a nod as she passed by. Rosalie swayed David in her arms. David tried to push the encounter of Bella out of his mind. It was all too much for him. He watched through the window as Esme handed Bella over to her. The circle around Bella, becoming smaller as Bella drew her close. "I can handle it," her words harsh, and loud to make her point. Nobody moved. David knew Renesmee was braver, she always had been. His looked away when he heard cracking branches in the forest behind him. "It is a bad time," Rosalie called out. "Besides Bella hasn't killed your little leader yet." Rosalie's words caused the animal to snarl. "Oh please," Rosalie scoffed. The animal slowly emerged from its hidden position. David's green eyes met those of a rich brown. It was a wolf, like Rosalie showed him in the picture books. The wolf, unlike in the stories, was bigger. It's coat was different shades of grey. His hand reached out to touch it, but Rosalie pulled it back in. "Don't come closer Leah." Leah. He had heard that name before. He watched the wolf, as her head titled to the side. Their eyes locked, and David pushed out of Rosalie's arms. "Leah," he whispered as his small hand touched her face. "David," Rosalie's cries sounded distant. Everything around him sounded faded, and the all the world blurred except for the extraordinary wolf in front of him. Her eyes were soft, yet they seemed mature as if they had seen the world in ways David only wished. He brought his hand down to her nose. "Stop! Leah, stop," Jacob's words caused Leah to jerk her head, allowing Rosalie to yank David into her arms. "What the hell Jake!" Bella growled as she got low. She would have lunged at Leah if it wasn't for Edward holding her back. "Seth," Jacob roared, and another wolf appeared. He was bigger than Leah, yet he was gangly. Even in his wolf form David could tell he was young. His sandy fur stood up around his neck as his jaw flexed. "Get Leah out of here," Jacob ordered, and Seth nudged Leah's body, but she didn't move. "Shit," Jacob muttered, running a hand through his hair. "She didn't," Rosalie shrieked. "Please tell me she didn't. If it isn't bad enough yet that you imprinted on Renesmee, now I have to deal with her imprinting on David?" "Renesmee?" Bella's voice only reflected the anger in her eyes. "You imprinted on my daughter?" At that point Edward let his hand go. David could see Emmett in the background, his twenty dollar bill waving in his hand. "The bet is back on, come on Jasper," Emmett shook the crisp bill in Jasper's face. "Fine, now that it is more interesting, something is bound to happen." Jasper leaned against a tree, arms across his chest. Emmett's clapped his hands together, positioning himself on a rock so he could have a better view. "Boys," Esme warned, which caused the two men's smiles to disappear. "My daughter Jake, my daughter," Bella's heated words allowed for the distraction David needed to wiggle out of Rosalie's arms. "I can't control these things Bella," Jacob was backing up as Bella stalked him. "It was just an instant connection between Nessie and I." David stopped when he called her that. Emmett was right on the mark, this was going to be a fight. "Nessie? As in the green monster that lives in the ocean? You named my daughter after the Loch Ness monster?!" At that moment Bella lunged, as Jacob ducked. David pushed out of Rosalie and wrapped his arms around Leah before she went for Bella. "Don't," David tried to cling to her. "She won't kill him, so please don't get hurt." Leah's body went stiff as his hands grasped mounts of her coat. "Please Leah," he whimpered. David could feel the pressure of Leah's head against his own. It was that moment he knew understood with certainty. Leah had the same trance for him that Jacob did for Renesmee. Her eyes searching into his own for the acceptance she craved. He knew at that moment that everything had changed, because Leah had imprinted on him. Author Note: The story is through David's perspective with a few rare different point of views to give a better background.