could see that I was here just for him. When I got to the front I was sweating so much I couldn't even tell what sweat was mine and what sweat was my neighbors but I could even care I was finally here I pulled out my phone from my pocket without dropping it and texted Edward letting him know that I was waiting for him in the front. Hey babe I just fought my way through the sea of moshing to be up front and center for you it better be worth it. jk. Love you. 3 -B Seconds later I got a reply. Lol your the best girlfriend in the world and trust me it's going to be worth it going on in like 5. Love you too. -E. Edward's POV Two minutes before we go on stage the crew is still setting up Emmett's drum set and my nerves start to set in I've been at this for two months straight and yet they're still there. All I can think about is that B is in the crowd right up front what if I mess up the song, the song that I wrote just for her, what if I forget the words. Thirty seconds left and the nerves start to leave I've done this before I can do it again. I look out from my place backstage and it hits me it's a feeling you can't describe you start to hear the crowd screaming, see the mosh pit forming and the lights as bright as the sun. And as we stepped out in a line to our respective stops on stage everything went deafening. I looked down at the front and center of the crowd and I saw her smiling as wide as possible my beautiful Bella. I smiled back without even realizing it and spoke into the mic. "For the people you don't know us and for the people you came here to see us I hope everyone is ready to get crazy cause there's nothing I love more then to see a people moshing to our music. We are HERE AND NOW!" Our first song was a cover of Pierce the Veil's "Caraphernelia" it was the first song we learned to play as a band and we wanted to warm the people who didn't know us up so that they would stay so the rest of the set. The next few songs were originals and it was going great it seemed like people actually liked our music. The second to last song was a another cover but this one was of "If you can't hang" by Sleeping for Sirens everyone went crazy for that one it usually is one of our most popular cover songs. For our last song I had something special planned. "Hey guys we've had an amazing time so far and unfortunately this is our last song for today and for this tour it's been an amazing ride and I'm glad I've had my band mates to enjoy it was. For our last song we're going to be playing something completely new it's actually the first time we've ever played it live so I hope you enjoy. This one is called Here In Your Arms and it was written for someone extremely special in my life she's here today and I really hope you like the song" Emmett started the drumbeat and Jasper came in with the bass and finally Mike with the guitar when the intro was done I started to sing. (Here in your arms- HelloGoodbye) " I like where we are, When we drive, in your car I like where we are... Here Cause our lips, can touch And our cheeks, can brush Our lips can touch here Well you are the one, the one that lies close to me Whispers "Hello, I've missed you quite terribly" I fell in love, in love with you suddenly Now there's no place else I could be but here in your arms I like where you sleep, When you sleep, next to me. I like where you sleep... here Our lips, can touch And our cheeks, can brush Our lips can touch here Well you are the one, the one that lies close to me Whispers "Hello, I've missed you quite terribly" I fell in love, in love with you suddenly Now there's no place else I could be but here in your arms Our lips, can touch Our lips, can touch...here You are the one the one that lies close to me whisper's "Hello, I've missed you quite terribly" I fell in love, in love with you suddenly Now there's no place else I could be but here in your arms" I jumped off the stage with the mic and stood in between the stage and the barricades right in front of Bella and sang the rest to her. " You are the one the one that lies close to me Whispers "Hello I miss you, I miss you" I fell in love, in love with you suddenly Now there's no place else I could be but here in your arms Here in your arms. Here in your arms." As I finished the song it didn't matter that we were surrounded by thousands of sweating people it only matter that I was finally with her. So I did the one thing that I had been waiting two months to do I gave the mic to one of the security guards next to me grabbed B's face between my hands and kissed her with everything I had. As we broke apart people around us were flashing pictures and clapping but I only cared for her. Once she caught her breath and opened her eyes she whispered. "Here and Now?" "Forever." Thank you for reading hope you liked it. Please review or DM me if you liked the story or any tips/ comments for me that I can use to improve my writing.