"WHAT!?" Then I froze. It was him. My breath was coming in great gulps and my pulse raced being this close to him again. I could feel the pull of our bond but would not allow myself to give in. He had his hands on both sides of the door frame, a glare in his eye. "You did not answer my question." "I sure as hell didn't. Now, go the Fuck Away!" I threw back at him. "Oh, I don't think so." He smiled and I felt my knees go weak. "You know…and I know…that's not what you want, now is it?" He stepped into my apartment, with a smirk. His eyes…they weren't right. This was the point at which my brain sputtered to a stop. Could he…? No….that couldn't be possible. I swallowed nervously, unsure of what to do. I wasn't afraid of him physically because I knew if I could shred vampires, then a simple human wouldn't be that difficult. I shut the door behind him. "Fine, who are you and what do you want?" I pushed myself around him, heading for the kitchen. I wanted another beer if I was going to listen to what he hand to say. "My name is Antonio Miguel Perez de Trujillo of the Navajo tribe, but you can call me Tony. Something happened back at that bar and I want you to explain it to me." He stated simply. Walking back into the living room, I found him standing in front of my sofa, looking intently at the picture above it. I opened my beer and set his on the coffee table. "Who painted that?" He gestured to the painting, his eyes never leaving it. "Well, Tony, my cousin Raven painted it for me back home." I walked over to the window, trying to put more space between us. "She's very talented." His head turned, his eyes now roamed over me. "Why a wolf?" He picked up the offered beer, opening it. "According to my tribe's legends, my people are descended from wolves so we have more than a slight obsession with them." I took a swallow of beer, dropping the answer, not willing to take it any further. Within a flash, I found him pinning me to the wall by the window. His mouth was by ear. He inhaled deeply. "You're not telling me everything." He moved his nose along my jawline, inhaling. "Why don't you tell me the truth? It will make all of this much easier. That is a painting of you, isn't it?" His eyes met mine, and they had a golden tinge to them. "Your people are not the only ones." My only reply was "HOLY SHIT." I blinked a couple of times as I realized that there would be no fighting the imprint. "You're a shifter." Then, the clothes started to come off. Neither of us stopped moving until we found ourselves at my bedside. The only sound between us was our heavy breathing because Tony felt the pull as strongly as I did. The only word spoken by both of us was MINE before we landed on the soft mattress. Hands moving and mouths consuming, we both accepted the bond that held us now and for always. Almost a week later… "That's the last of it." I added the last box to the moving truck we had rented. My bike was easily stowed because I didn't have that many possessions to carry with me. I was moving home and for once, I welcomed that thought. A new position for a forest ranger had appeared in the Olympic National Park. Given that I was native to the area and had great references, they quickly offered the job to me after a phone interview. Monica stood beside me, tears in her eyes. "I'm going to miss you Lee." She sniffed. I put my arms around her, holding her close. "We live in a modern world, hon. We can e-mail, skype, even call one another." I gave her a smile, trying to cheer her up. "I know but it won't be the same without you here. Why didn't they have an opening for a secretary at your new job?" She smiled. "I'll let you know as soon as one opens up." I winked at her, knowing that she would never leave her home here in the Smokies. Tony pulled up beside moving truck and took a now full cooler out of his car to place it in the front seat of the truck. "We're all set." He had agreed to let me say my goodbyes to Monica alone but the clock was ticking if we wanted to stay on schedule. He had one week to be in Seattle to start recording his first real album. There was no way we would let him be late for that big day. With one last hug and a goodbye, I hopped into the truck with Tony following me. We drove down to the bar to use the parking lot. The apartment's lot wasn't that big and we needed the extra space to get the car trailer attached to the truck. I stood on the sidelines, watching as Tony positioned the car on the trailer. I realized that the pieces of my broken heart were mended. I had found peace in my life through my work. I had developed my own identity away from the Pack. Finally I had found my love in Tony. I was whole again. "Hey Tony?" I smiled. "Gimme a few more minutes." I gestured with my head to the tree line, smiling. "I just remembered one last thing that I need to do." He smirked understanding. "Sure, I'll be right here." Walking into the cover of the trees, I undressed and phased, easily picking up Jake's presence through the link. Leah? What's going on? Why are you checking in so early? His confusion and concern traveled through to me. Well, I wanted to let you know….