tilted his hips, brushing Felix's prostate repeatedly at vampire speed, until he emptied himself inside his vampire mate. As he came, he pulled Felix's head to one side, embedding his teeth into the flesh at the juncture of the big male's neck and shoulder, right on the spot he showed Leah earlier. He let go of Felix's hair, his teeth still locked in his mate. Overwhelmed, Felix shouted, coming in large spurts. Leah could feel his cool seed coating her walls. She saw his eyes, black with lust, zero in on her neck. He opened his mouth, and bit into her shoulder, growling as he pushed his scent-filled venom into her flesh. The pain of the bite quickly turned to a zinging pleasure for Leah, starting as a buzz where Felix marked her, and travelling through her body as a shock of electricity. She flung her arms up, and her hands caught in Demetri's hair. He was growling lowly, still attached to Felix's neck. Leah's came with a howl, reflecting her wolf's presence. Still shuddering, she moved her hand into Felix's hair, pulling him away from her neck, and sinking her sharp teeth into his neck, opposite Demetri's. She growled into him, another wolf-like sound that went on, even when Felix began to purr. Demetri disengaged from Felix's neck, bathing the wound with his venom until the mark had scarred over beautifully. Then, sliding out of Felix's ass with a groan, he lifted his mates away from him. Leah had not yet let go of Felix, but the purr sounding from the large male showed that he was pleased. Demetri went to the ensuite to wipe himself off. There was no hygienic reason to clean himself after Felix, but he wanted to fuck Leah still, and preferred to feel her own moisture around him, and not artificial lubricant. When he returned to the room, Leah and Felix were laying side-by-side, licking each other's marks. When Leah saw him, her soft, pleased smile widened. "How did you know, Demetri?" she asked, "We were told that shifter's could die from a venom bite." "I will tell you in detail later, mate. Right now, there is a she-wolf who still does not wear my mark, and who has still not marked me." He crawled across the bed, stopping to kiss Felix softly, running his nose over both the marks his vampire mate now displayed. Felix shuddered and moaned, his purr increasing in volume. Demetri turned to Leah, pushing her gently down to her bed, and latching his mouth over one of her nipples. He sucked hard, the pressure and his cool mouth causing the bud to pebble. She pushed her breast up into his mouth, and brought her own hand up to squeeze and pull at her other breast. She needed no foreplay, no slow build. All Leah wanted, all she needed, was to feel Demetri inside her. In one rapid motion she rolled, turning so that she was straddling Demetri. He let go of her nipple, and Leah sat up. She lined herself up with his erection and dropped down on him, starting a fast-paced ride immediately. Felix watched the russet-skinned beauty work herself on their mate's cock. Breath heaving, breasts bouncing, face flushed with the sweet colour of rushing blood – she was glorious, and she was theirs. Sidling up to straddle Demetri right behind her, he ran a finger down his mating mark on her neck, smiling triumphantly when she trembled and moaned. Her frenzied pace faltered, so Felix grabbed her hips in his hands and began the rhythm again. He pressed his hardened length against the cleft of her ass, as he fucked her with Demetri's cock. Leah dropped her head back onto Felix's shoulder and let him manipulate her body for all their pleasure. She could feel his pre-cum sliding against her ass crack and lower back, mixing with her sweat and dripping down between the three of them. Demetri lifted his hips into her, shifting the angle so that his cock-head ran along her front walls, stroking that sweet spot inside of her. Leah's breathing increased, her mouth dropping open. "Fuck! Right there! On fuck! Spirits, Demetri, don't move your hips, stay right there. Fuck that feels good! Faster, Felix, harder. Help me come!" Felix did as he was bid, moving the she-wolf faster, slamming her down on Demetri's cock. Suddenly, Demetri surged up to sitting, his hands joining Felix's on Leah's hips. Her sweat-soaked skin enabled her to glide between them, as they sandwiched her between their bodies. She felt another orgasm fast approaching, and her wolf surfacing again. Demetri grunted as he began to thrust, quick and shallow, to meet Leah's momentum. His balls tightened and Leah felt his cock pulse several times, spilling his seed to mix with Felix's inside her. Again she felt the sharp sting of pain, following by electrifying pleasure. With another wolven bay, she came, sinking her teeth into Demetri, snarling and growling with vicious possession. She felt cool wetness fall upon her lower back when Felix found his release seconds later. Demetri retracted his teeth first, running his thumb over Leah's tense jaw until her growls quieted and she relaxed. He felt her detach from him, and lick the mark she had made there. He returned the favour lovingly, pleased with the prominent marks that now graced each of their necks. Demetri laid down with Leah, shifting her to lay on his chest, her head resting on his shoulder. Her heart rate and breathing were still quick, her short hair tousled. She was stunning beyond words, and she was his. She and Felix were both his. He pulled Felix down to lay against his side. Leah's eyes stared at Felix, who was smiling at her tenderly. She closed her eyes, listening to both her mates purring with pride and contentment. They opened again seconds later when she heard Felix whisper from beside her, "I love you, Leah. My mate."