my point if I need to." I may have been a little harsh here but I know my boy and sometimes I have to be a little harder with him. "I understand papa, I'm…I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like it sounded. Truly I didn't, I guess I was just surprised by the offer." "Why baby?" "The one movie is almost 7 hours and the other is over 23 hours. So I was surprised when you offered to spend that much time with me papa. But if the offer is still good, I would love to watch it with you." "Jasper, the offer is always good, all you or any of you have to do is ask me. Okay, now I need to say I am sorry I should not have gotten so mad at you. Why don't you tell me what else happened in class. I have a funny feeling there is more." Jasper looks at me questioningly, like how did I know. "You're projecting son." I say with a smile. I then pat my knee and he happily claims his spot again, as he did his eyes lit up like a child on Christmas morning. "There was 2 other things papa; one was actually kind of funny." "What's that?" "So you know Bella sits next to me right?" "Yes", I start with a chuckle. "Well Angela and Lauren sit in front of us, and while Mr. Green was talking about the extra credit assignments Lauren made a remark. She thought she was quiet enough, but Mr. Green heard her and well….I didn't laugh papa, I swear, but the look on her face when Mr. Green turned around and looked directly at her and said that there a quiet a few people who may want to think about doing it because their grades are iffy at best. He then told her that he wanted to speak to her after class. Papa I swear I wanted to laugh so badly, but I did not." "Well I am very happy you did not, I would hate to have to punish you for doing that. So what else happened? I have a feeling there is something else." I say as I am tickling his ribs. After he stopped laughing, a sound I will never get tired of listening too he continued. "Well Angela ignored her and turned around to talk to…well I thought to Bella. But papa I was wrong, she wanted to talk to both of us. Papa she asked me if I wanted to work with her on the project. That we could team up and the 3 of us, Bella, Angela and I could work together on this project. She said she's nervous about the Civil War test and could use the extra credit points. I was surprised on both, that she asked me and she was nervous. She answers a lot of the questions and is always raising her hand." "Well maybe she has test anxiety, a lot of people do son. So what did you tell her, as if I have to ask? The way you are talking I think I know." "I said I would love to, Monday we are going to meet before class and decide what to do. We want to tell Mr. Green next week." "Jasper, I am so happy for you my baby, so very happy. I know whatever you come up with it will be fantastic. Now as for your papers, I truly believe as long as you are respectful Mr. Green will be fine. Every time your mother or I talk to him he has nothing but high praise for you. I am very proud of you as I know history can be hard for you." As I am saying this to him, I pull him in a big hug which he happily returns to me. After a few minutes Jasper moves off my lap and sits next to me. "Thank you papa." "For what baby?" "For being you and loving all of us, for loving me and being my papa." "My pleasure baby, my true pleasure. Now as you know I am at the Reservation Clinic tomorrow so I can stop by and explain to Mr. Green that you are worried about this because you were born and raised in the south. That your views may be slightly different, but you want to do this report and project. I am sure he will be very understanding." "Thanks papa, I think I would feel better. Maybe we can find a way to show the views of both the North and South sides in our project." "I think that would be very interesting, but talk to Bella and Angela and then if they like the idea talk with Mr. Green." "I will on Monday." "Are you better now son?" "Just one more thing papa." "What's that?" Before I know it Jasper pulls me in hug that would rival Emmett's. "I know I don't tell you enough and I'm sorry about that, but I love you papa. More than you will ever know. I love you." "I love you too my baby boy, I love you and I am actually very happy you didn't go to Gettysburg because now you are my son, my beautiful, beautiful son." Jasper beams with my words, I know he can feel how much I truly love him. "Why don't we head back home, then we can relax tonight. Tomorrow I will talk to Mr. Green for you and I would like you to order the movies, I'm sure Alice will help if you want." "No, I think I can do that papa or she will have me buying every civil war movie out there." Jasper says laughing. "Your right baby." I agree laughing with him. We then head home racing each other laughing and talking all the way. Once home he goes right to his mom and gives her a hug and kiss before heading upstairs.