grabbed her around her waist and pulled her inside my home. "NO Edward, no," She partly yelled and squirmed. She was panting and there was a faint smell that was unique to our other encounters. I recognized it as arousal; her scent was much more intoxicating than my wife. "Don't act like you don't want this. I saw your thoughts in the shower. You want my hands here." I squeezed her breasts and to her credit she tried not to enjoy it, she tried not to moan. Her flesh felt like it was on fire. I pinned her to our front door and snatched her shirt from her person. "You're a perverted peeping fucking Tom." She moaned as my hands cupped her bra and then slipped my fingers under the straps to lower them. I noticed that she wasn't squirming nearly as much as she had during previous encounters like this, and in a part of her brain, deep down, she wanted this. "Most peeping Toms are perverts." I shrugged my shoulders, indifferent to her accusation. "But unlike most, I can't help it, and your thoughts were so loud. I saw where you wanted my hands, Leah." I unbuttoned her pants and stroked my hand down her lower stomach. "You wanted them here." I slipped my fingers inside her panties and to her very moist center. "You're not going to tell me to stop?" My fingers moved against her and her hips gyrated in a matching rhythm. "Stop… don't," she said dryly. Surprisingly, her willingness to participate didn't affect my desire for her. It still raged inside of me. I parted the edges of her most private part and began to move my fingers in and out of her. "Oh!, Oh, yes." Her pleasure was such a sweet sound, I was already fully aroused and ready to please her. Increased my speed and my intensity, I almost wanted it to hurt, and she moaned like it did. "AH Edward, please…" "What do you want me to do to you, Leah? Fucking beg for it!" I commanded. "Kiss me Edward, please." I crushed my lips against hers. Again this was a new sensation, it was urgent, intense, and passionate, something that the kisses that I'd shared with my wife had lacked. I moved my mouth to her neck and began to twirl my tongue around allowing it to dance on her flesh. Both her hands were buried in my hair as I explored her. "I'm going to fuck you right here, right now. I don't care if you beg or not, I just need to have you." I dropped to my knees and removed the remainder of her clothes. I stood quickly and removed my own pants. I lifted her by the hips against the wall and entered her with almost no problem. She was already extremely wet, I was just much larger than she was accustomed to taking. "Ow! Shit," she exclaimed as I entered and began to mercilessly thrust inside of her. "Edward ouch, ow shit! Edward please… it's so good!" She'd wrapped her arms around my neck and her legs around my waist and locked her ankles together. "You like that don't you!" I had never spoken this way during sex before but I wanted to her say it. "Yes, oh yes, Edward I like it!" She kissed me hard. I pulled away during the middle. "Tell me you want more, you want it harder." I commanded. "Edward, more… harder," she struggled to speak as I was still jostling her quite a bit. I moved us over to the couch, unlocked her ankles and positioned her so that I could enter her from behind. Leah's ass was one of the things that had caused me to break my damn bed. "AH," she yelled as I entered her again. She agreed that my entering her this way was so much deeper, I had completely blown the back wall of her center, she was now modified to me and nobody else would ever lay hands on her. I gripped her waist and hammered on relentlessly. "Oh God Edward, I'm going to come! Please don't stop! Please…" I closed my eyes and listened as she begged me for her release and once she gained it, mine came only a few quick strokes after. She became limp as she rested her head on the arm of our couch. The monster had been satisfied, but a new emotion had taken its place. I felt something warm and foreign for this woman. I turned her around and picked her up and cradled her as I sat on the couch. She kissed me softly and passionately. It was just what I wanted and needed from her. "Thank you," I whispered and she chuckled. "I mean it. Thank you for reawakening me, Leah. I was dying, becoming numb, and you started a scary but necessary fire inside of me." She tilted back her head and admired me. "You made me feel so wanted Edward, so hot and kinky. I couldn't deny you if I wanted to, but this time I really, really didn't want to deny you anything. But know what. I really don't believe in being a home wrecker, but I'd really like to do this again," she confessed and I chewed my bottom lip as I gave it some thought. I agreed with her. The truth be told I wouldn't mind going again, right now. "Give me a little time. I'll make things right. However, until then-" My erection now nudged her as she sat in my lap. "Oh, please do," she kissed me once more. "I do love the way you beg, Leah." Our next interlude was intense but much slower. I realized that by the end I was making love to my temptress and that somewhere in my dark seedy mind I had loved her all along. I was meant to be with her and I would never be able to leave.