by the sound of Edward's breathing and then, "Bella? Are you there?" Bella rolled over and picked up the handset as she wiped her nose with a tissue, "Um, hey! I'm here!" she cleared her throat, "Sorry about that, frog in my throat. Thanks for getting him to sleep for me. I'll carry him to bed-" This time Edward sounded pissed off, "What? No, Bella! You know that you are not supposed to pick him up – especially when he is a 'dead weight'! Fuck! Why don't you ever listen?" his voice was harsh and low, the words being spat out of his mouth. Bella almost dropped the phone but then the anger set in and she gripped it with both hands as she stalked into their dressing room so that she didn't disturb Max. "What? Don't speak to me like I am one of your 'minions' Edward! I don't need to 'listen'! I am quite capable of taking care of myself and what do you care in any case? You haven't touched me in weeks because you haven't been home in weeks, Edward!" Bella heard Edward's sharp intake of breath, but she continued, "Why is it that Jasper stays here while you have to go to Los Angeles all the time or New York or where ever? I don't know why you don't just man up and admit that you would rather be anywhere else but here with me!" As Bella listened to her harsh breathing, Edward gripped his phone so tightly that he thought it would snap. Where the fuck was all of this anger coming from? He was working his ass off to finish this album with Whitney Pryer. Yes, he loved his job and yes, she was a delightful person to work with and they had a great time working together, but his main focus was always to get home to his family. Edward ignored the small voice inside him that asked : Is it really? Is that why you have stretched this out for so long? Is that why you insisted in recording in L.A. and not at the studio at the ranch? Edward hissed and ran his hand though his hair, "Isabella, what the fuck are you talking about? I am working!" Bella recoiled at the icy tone of Edward's voice and her anger dissipated. "You are right, I'm sorry. I'm just tired and on edge. My pieces are being picked up tomorrow." "What pieces?" Edward asked. Bella bit her lip as hurt stung her, he didn't even know what she was working on, or he had forgotten. "Never mind," she mumbled. "No, tell me, what pieces?" he sounded impatient. "The pieces for my show Edward, you know, Letting Go . The one that I've been working on for two years?" Bella dashed the angry tears off her cheeks, "If you were home more, you'd remember, Edward." She added quietly, almost to herself, but Edward heard her. The anger was back. Edward inwardly cursed his foolishness, how could he have forgotten that her show was coming up? Fuck, he needed to get home. "Isabella, I'm sorry. I've been too preoccupied here and time has just gotten away from me. We should be finished by the end of the week and then I'll be home. How are the kids?" For the next few minutes Bella told Edward what everyone had been up to. He was angry that Alice and Rosalie had dumped their kids on Bella when they knew that she was alone, but Bella argued that she enjoyed the company, which made Edward feel guilty and then angry all over again! He knew that he had stuff that he needed to sort out with Bella, and he had been avoiding it for months, or even for the last couple of years. It was easier to fill up his calendar with gigs, and appointments than it was for him to face the fact that their marriage was taking major strain and most of it was his fault. After they had said a stilted goodnight to each other, Edward pushed his chair back and stood up. He stretched and scratched his flat stomach absently. At forty-five his body was still in great condition although Edward worked at it nowadays. He worked out every day still and he ran ten to fifteen miles a day. He didn't mind the laughter lines around his mouth or the crinkles around his eyes, but lately it seemed that he only smiled or laughed when he was away from home and he knew that was wrong and bad and dangerous. Edward let out a shaky breath as he squeezed his eyes shut. He missed her, God! He missed his baby girl so fucking much! He missed his wife, his best friend, his lover and his submissive. How did he even go about trying to get her back? Would she even want him anymore? He walked over to his balcony and sat outside as he flipped through his contact names and hit send. "Hey Paul, I'm sorry to call so late, but I need to talk to someone…" As Edward talked to his old friend and therapist, he had forgotten about the large manila envelope that he had received at the reception desk when he had arrived back at the hotel. It was marked simply in bold black writing: 'STRICTLY PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL: FOR THE ATTENTION OF E CULLEN – ONLY". *ΩafloΩ* a/n: Aaand we are off to a rocky start, people! Edward and Bella are obviously not in the best of places but hang in there because I want to make a couple of things clear: There will be no cheating in this story! I believe FIRMLY in a HEA – but I also believe in a touch of RL, so things are not always going to be perfect. You know me, I do like a measure of drama. So, are you with me? Happy New Year my lovelies. Plu/justginger xoxo