guess, was that when a guy really wants to talk to you, he will open up his mouth and say something, even if it is the stupidest thing that comes out. I used to imagine that when a guy really liked a girl he would practice what he would say in front of a mirror—how very Kevin Arnold, I suppose. Whoa ! I've been watching way too many Nick at Nite reruns of The Wonder Years since no longer needing to sleep! Well at least these types of guys did not. Alice and I were frequently approached when we were together and greeted with similar asinine comments, ridiculous lines, and flimsy invitations that I could not imagine working with any girl, let alone two vegetarian, but still potentially dangerous, vampires. Alice turned to me with a wicked look on her face. "Hey did you want to stop in Sears and get Charlie a new flannel before we go?" "I think he has plenty!" I chuckled. It had been a joke after Carlisle turned me. All of the Cullens gave my dad a heavy flannel to keep him warm when he hugged me to tease him and to remind him, "Don't forget, you asked for this." Charlie didn't really ask for me to be turned to cold stone and be frozen in time, he just asked that my life be saved, at any cost. He was a good sport about the teasing and would not even give them the satisfaction. Instead he would usually throw out some line about how he could always use a warm flannel for when he goes fishing to amp up his windfall or how the plaid really seems to drive the ladies in town wild. Oh yeah, that was Charlie, big time fishing expert and famous ladies' man. "Well the sun has gone back in, are you ready to go?" Alice asked. "Sure, after all, you have a big night ahead of you," I snickered. We stood up and started walking. Alice linked her arm through mine and gave me a squeeze. "I do," she said. She giggled like she was applauding her own private joke and then continued, "I'm pretty sure Jasper might finally ask me to marry him tonight." My already frozen body froze in place looking at her with wide eyes, "No! Really? I thought you guys were against all that." Alice smiled and sweetly explained, "Well, it has been a good nine years he has been practicing our lifestyle and finally now feels he has everything under control—I think he has finally had time to think about other things." I gasped and covered my mouth. This was the most surprising news I had heard in seven months. "What does the ring look like? Tell me! I know you know," I blurted out to Alice and shook her shoulders, knowing full well she had the vision of this and had been holding out on me the entire day. "It is stunning and simple! He actually noticed that I prefer to wear silver!" Alice beamed with a grin that was wider than her whole pixie face. "Jasper really has done well with learning to control his thirst if he was able to notice THAT detail!" I said and giggled to myself. "You know I have you to thank for some of that—and of course, I know he is thankful too, but it is harder for him to say it. But I'll thank you by making you my maid of honor!" "What? Alice, me, really? Hey why don't you wait until you have the ring on your hand. You know with my luck, I'll jinx you. Besides your visions can go a little wonky." "Hey! My visions don't go wonky! They are just a little vague and subjective," she snarked back at me and then laughed grabbing my arm again, pulling me toward the escalator to go back down to the entrance. We were about ten steps away from Starbucks when I sighed, Mmmmmmmm, at the aroma of coffee. Wow how I missed coffee. It had gotten me through school and I still remember the best cup I ever had had been one I shared at Ski & Skies Adventureland that first summer. "Alice, do you think we could force feed a mountain lion some coffee?" She laughed. "Well maybe Emmett could hold one down for you while you pour." Yeah right! Emmett doesn't ever feel like doing much for me these days. For about three months now he has been acting strangely—distant and all cold shoulder-y at times. I still have no idea what I had done to deserve it. We turned to head to the exit when I froze, again. "Alice, do you hear that?" I whispered. "Hear what?" she asked, stopping beside me. "That heartbeat." Thump, da dun, thump da dun I closed my eyes and felt something, I'm not sure what, travel through me in a gentle wave from my eyes all the way down to my toes. "I hear lots of them. Which one?" Alice asked concerned, looking at me clearly worried. "I hear one really strongly, compared to the rest, but I think it is irregular," I said as I looked around trying to decipher where the offending musicmaker was originating. Every muscle in me tensed, and I felt my facial features drop. I looked at Alice now feeling panicky. "Oh no! Is this…?" I trailed off, worried that this was tied into the bloodlust. We were almost at the door to the outside with no one around us. Thump, da dun, thump, da dun "An irregular heartbeat and the aroma of coffee? I think you just tapped into someone's Starbuck's-induced caffeine high. We better get you out of here to go hunt before you lose it. Come on, Bella." Alice elbowed me and tugged at my arm, but suddenly I didn't want to leave the mall. If you think you have this story all figured out, you're wrong!