he already has tested Seth and Jacob," she shrugged, "but anyway . . . Portuguese, shall we get started." she said attempting to sound seductive. "Yes, let's start with the basics." I pulled out a book on subject, even though I spoke the language well it wasn't my first language. I went to open the book and she stopped me. "Nahuel, did you really want to do this I thought you wanted to talk to me." I didn't know what to say to that remark. I did want to pursue her but I wasn't expecting it to be this easy, nor was I expecting to feel the way I did, which awkward and almost guilty on some levels. She sat even closer to me on the couch. "Well?" I went to speak and the door opened unexpectedly, I guessed must have been Jacob because he was the only one of the pack I had not met. "Jacob!" she jumped away from me and seemed nervous. He surveyed the area and the frowned at her. "We need to talk." His tone was serious and they both acted as though I was no longer present. She just stood up and followed him upstairs. After a few minutes of listening to them argue back and forth I became angry not because of any emotion I had gained for Renesmee but because she would use me in such a juvenile ploy to make her apparent boyfriend jealous. I was actually relieved that she had him because the more I actually thought about, I realized that didn't want her. I went upstairs to pack my things. "I guess I should leave," I pulled out the small bag that I had brought and placed my clothing in it once more, "it will be as if I never came." I didn't understand why I was still feeling like this is where I belonged. "I know why you feel the way you do," Edward and Bella came into the room, "I just don't know if it is proper for me to butt in." "Honey, let's be real you always butt in." she said to him lovingly. "There is someone here that still captivates you." He said, I waited for him to finish his statement but he just stared at me as if I should know the answer. "Who?" I asked I had feeling I knew where he was going but I was not ready to admit to anything. "Yeah Edward who?" Bella said seconding my notion. "You already know who." He said grabbing my bag and placing it back into the closet, "Alice will want to shop tomorrow once she sees these." He shrugged. "She won't have to I plan to leave in the morning." I retrieved my bag that he had just thrown into the closet. "I'm afraid I can't let you do that. I don't think you would be able to if you tried." He smirked. "What going on?" Bella said stealing the words from my mouth, "just tell us what you know." She huffed and poked him in the arm. "Okay come with me." We now stood at her door, I walked in so that I could see her face better, but all her hair covered her face, she looked as if she had been caught in a tornado. "She thinks she is awake," Edward laughed, "it isn't funny really, she is really uncomfortable." I took another step towards her and brushed the hair from her face, she sighed deeply it seemed as if her whole body relaxed, which made my body react too. "Amazing!" Bella whispered, I looked back at them I hadn't realized how far I had ventured into her room until then. "I should go." As soon as I went to walk away, a horrible discomfort came over me, my heart felt so heavy that I didn't think that I would be able to leave the room. "Well, that was interesting." Edward mused. "So I am attracted to her, it means nothing." I fought with the urge go back into her room I just wanted to be close to her to rid myself of the horrible feeling I now had. "It's more than that, she imprinted on you!" Bella seemed overly enthusiastic about this news. "Imprint? She chose to make me feel this way!" I was livid, what was she some kind of witch or something I would get her to remove whatever this was, "can she take it back?" "No, she didn't choose this and if you wish to leave she will probably let you go, but all it will do is cause extreme pain for you both . . . personally I would just deal with it." He said bluntly. "Really, you would just deal with I remember this one time when you ran away from what you felt for me .. ." Bella started and Edward stopped her. "That was to save your live; their situation is not the same as ours." She rolled her eyes, and he focused attention back on me, "I think you should tackle this head on it will save a lot of problems later." "I don't know what I plan to do." I walked away from them and stood by her door again, I just wanted to see her one more time. "You should be with her it will make her sleep easier; I will come get you before she wakes up." They left me alone to make the final decision. I walked hesitantly into her room and sat on the floor beside her bed, her face wore a frown as she repositioned herself back and forth, I took her hand in mine, and all of her motion stopped and she sighed once more. "Leah," When I spoke her name I felt a tingling sensation capture my whole body, "No matter how I came to feel this way of one thing I am sure, I belong with you and with you I will stay."