the woods, ignoring the party within. Walking in his direction, she sat down beside him, setting the tin down beside her. "Go away, Swan." He didn't turn to look at her. He really didn't want to deal with her right now. Paul wanted to wallow in his pain, alone. "Paul, I know you've never liked me and….I understand that. I made some really bad decisions." She stopped to think about what needed to be said next. "However, I think everyone needs someone to remember them at Christmas time. I never took the time to say thank you to you for what you've done to help keep me safe." She picked up the container and placed it in his lap, knowing her wouldn't take it from her himself. "Anyways…thank you and Merry Christmas, Paul." With that, she gave him a smile before standing up to return the party. Paul watched her walk back inside with a confused look. "Why the hell did she do this?" He looks down at the container for a moment. She made him something. No one had ever taken the time to make something especially for him before. He was accustomed to second hand clothes and looks of pity which did nothing more than make him angry. Unable stop himself, he opened the container to find the cookies. He lifted the tin to his nose and the aroma of the spices and sugar made his mouth water. Lifting one of the cookies, he thought over what had just happened. Bella had given him a gift without asking or wanting anything in return. He was used to women who only wanted one thing from him, his body. He gave it knowingly but he always left them feeling empty inside. Physical love did not fill the hole in his heart. He took a bite of the cookie. Maybe he had misjudged her. Maybe he was being too harsh with her. Maybe he needed to reconsider….chewing, he allowed that thought to linger. Things were getting wild at the party. The guys had brought out some Res shine and they had been drinking for a good hour. Jake and Embry were singing off key to the music while Jared and Kim were reinventing the term dirty dancing over on the other side of the room. Sam had finished his patrol and was happily wrapped around his Emily in his recliner, nuzzling her hair and holding her close. Bella sat back watching them with a smile. It was really nice to see them all relaxing, having fun. Their lives were forced into a role that no normal person their age should ever have to deal with. As far as she was concerned, they all deserved as much happiness as could be had. Quil jumped up all of a sudden as if he had just remembered something. With a bit of a stumble, he walked out the front door. Everyone thought that he just needed to answer the call of nature and had forgotten that he's in human form, but then he returned with something in his hand. "Pucker up Girls! The stud man is here!" Quil waved the mistletoe over his head and made a smoochy face, walking towards the first female in his line of sight….Kim. Jared growled at him and pulled her away from him. Quil looked over the room and his eyes stopped on Bella. Bella's eyes went wide. She wasn't one to drink alcohol or partake in this particular holiday tradition. A blush crept up her cheeks as Quil walked over to her. She would never admit that she had never been truly kissed but she doubted that Quil would even notice. Stopping directly in front of her, he grins drunkenly. "Gimme a kiss Bella! You know I love you!" Suddenly, the door opened and a growling Paul walked back in. "Back off, you dumb fuck." He stepped up to Quil. "She doesn't want to kiss you. That much is obvious!" He pushed Quil away from her; his wolf seeing Quil's behavior as disrespectful. Quil smirked, shoving the mistletoe at him. "Fine then, Grinch, why don't you kiss her instead?" Paul's growl grew louder and the other pack members immediately noticed the possibility of a fight ruining their party. Immediately sober, they jumped up from their seats and walked into the dining room, ready to intervene, when something happened that stopped them in their tracks. His wolf took Quil's words as a challenge so he snatched the mistletoe from his hand. "Let me show you how this done, you idiot." He dangled the sprig over his head and turned to her. "How about a Christmas kiss, Bella?" Bella's was in shock. Her eyes darted back and forth between them before his question registered in her brain. Quickly, she remembered her mission to melt the Grinch's heart so she nodded and stepped towards Paul. With a triumphant smirk at Quil, Paul lowered his head down to hers and gently kissed her. Then, something snapped. He felt it throughout his body. Without realizing what he was doing, his arms went around her waist and he pulled her closer. He angled his head, deepening their kiss. She moaned very softly which brought him back to reality. Pulling away, he looked down at her and his whole world shifted. He had found his reason to be happy that holiday season. "Merry Christmas, Bella." His face softened and a true smile brightened his face. Bella smiled tenderly up at him. "Merry Christmas Paul." Her mission was complete. A/N part deux: Um WOW! The response that I've had to this story has been amazing! Thank you for all of the favorites/follows/reviews! For those of you who are curious, I'm now working on a series of One Shots with Bella/Paul that I think will be both a challenge for me and entertaining for you. Keep your eyes out for it soon! -I've started the OSs! Check my profile for "The Taming of Paul Lahote". ;)