life. I'm sorry, but I can't get married," he whispered. Tears rolled down my cheeks as my heart shattered – like glass - into a million pieces. "And, I can't choose between you and my band…I want both," he sighed and stood up, walking away from my shivering body. I felt my chin trembling to keep the sobs from escaping my mouth. "I'm never getting married…I've talked to you about this since we were little kids and you knew this. I just…can't," he said, sticking his hands in his pockets. The sob - I've been trying to keep in – escaped, and he slowly turned around to face me again. When I looked up and met his eyes, I gasped. His cheeks were stained with tears and his beautiful eyes kept filling with more. It broke my heart to see him like this, but I knew we were only going to hurt each other if I stayed. I wasn't happy anymore and it wasn't fair - to Edward - to stay and be miserable. It would have brought him down and I would rather die than to be the cause of his downfall. At that moment, his phone started ringing and I sighed because I knew that he was going to leave in about ten minutes. "What?...No, it's fine…I'm not doing anything today…no, not anymore…I'll meet you downstairs," he said. He sniffled a little after he hung up and gave me his famous, panty-soaking crooked grin, which never reached his eyes, though. "I have to go to the stage, something came up with the sound or some shit. I need to sort that out before the concert tonight," he explained. "I understand," I said, but couldn't keep the annoyance from my face. "I want you to think about this, Bella, because to me it sounds a bit fucked-up right now," he sighed. "The way you're throwing these ultimatums in my face and expecting me to leave my career behind is a bit selfish, not to mention the marriage-part. I don't know what the fuck happened to you." He raked his fingers through his hair. "But I can't deal with this right now. I have a concert in less than seven hours, I have a sound check to get to and I have to get ready." "Selfish, huh? Yeah, I can see how you would think that." I broke eye contact, crossing my arms in front of my chest, feeling completely alone at this moment, "Go do your sound check and everything else you need to do for your big concert." "I love you so much it hurts to breathe," he whispered in between kisses. He rubbed my cheeks as tears spilled from my eyes. "I wish I could be different and believe that all marriages are happily ever after's, but I just don't believe in that. I love our life the way it is, and I don't think putting a ring on your finger will take our relationship a step higher…this is our life, baby. Why can't you be happy with just me, Edward Cullen? Why do I have to be your husband?" he asked. "I need…I need more," I whispered and he shook his head in confusion. I was not even making sense to myself, so I couldn't really blamed him for feeling confused. His lips brushed against mine again. "I can't give you more," he whispered softly, running his fingers up and down my arms. "I'm sorry, but I can't be the man that you want me to be. This is all I'll ever be." He smiled sadly. "I won't be the cause of your unhappiness." "Then don't… Let's leave everything and start over somewhere else-" "Have you not heard a word I've said? I can't get married and I'm not leaving my band…and children ? I don't know if I'm ready for that, or if I'll ever be ready. That's a big fucking step right there." I swallowed the tears away and looked away from his scorching eyes. The pain in my chest was unbearable and excruciating. "I have to go," he announced before giving me a quick kiss. "Can we talk about this when I get back from the sound check?" he asked. "Edward, have you not listened to me? I'm not happy anymore." "I have heard, but what do you want me to do about it? You've picked a shitty day to deal with this-" "I'm always an inconvenience…that's going to change though," I interrupted him. "What do you mean?" he asked. "Just go," I answered. "Bella," he whispered before he reached for the doorknob. "I don't know what's happening inside your heart, but I'm begging you to wait for me so we can talk this through…" his voice was raspy. "See you later, baby," he whispered, but didn't sound convinced. He opened the door and before I could say anything else, the door closed behind him… I fell to my knees as soon as the door closed behind him and cried my heart out. I've lost…. How could he have said that he loved me? How could he have said that I was everything to him? I wrote a quick note to him before I got dressed and started packing my stuff. With my suitcase in my one hand and the other holding the doorknob, I gave one last look around the room. It felt as if something pierced through my heart and the pain was unbearable as blood gushed out. Tears pooled in my eyes again as the reality of my decision sunk in. Love wasn't everything…I've learned that the hard way. I pulled the door closed with a shivering sigh and walked away from the room, and away from Edward Cullen's life…. Don't wanna be the one to walk away but I can't bear the thought of one more day I think I finally understand what it means to be lost (Oceans – Evanescence) Please review and tell me what you think.