"Did he tell you as much?" "It was discussed many times," she said as she rumpled his hair. "No marriage. I was to be what my people called the Fianta. A deity's bride. Something of a nun." She didn't tell him about her commitment to being a religious sacrifice in her later years—that would have acted as a reminder of her barbaric heritage. Yet, even considering that, she at least felt a measure of pride for her place in her society. Being a Fianta came with great honor, a place in her people's hearts. Once she was taken from her homeland she lost all awareness of what had transpired after that fateful night. Her darkest fear was that she was the last drop of Dwyer blood that still lived and that the ways of the Dwyer people were gone. "Then," he asked, "you've never been intimate with a man?" "No." Was it meant to be an embarrassment that she had not? "A shame." "It came with high honor and great respect." Silence fell. She continued to towel the water from his hair. "Is that how you felt?" he asked. "Respected? Honored?" She retrieved the brush and began to work it through his damp length. "Is that not how you feel? People worship you and honor you. Is that not satisfying?" When water collected at the dark tips she clenched the towel to it. He said nothing for a while. "What would you have done—" He shifted in his seat. "—with your life without being joined with a husband? Without children?" Served as a stronghold for my people before battle. That's what she would have done. Her image would have graced the battle flag as the Dwyer army tore this King's realm asunder. That's what she had entertained as of late—pure fantasy. To Dwyer, Masen was a mere distant country to the north. Not an enemy, not an ally. My how the tables turned in the course of one night. She diverted the subject. "Is that how you want to spend the last hours before your journey? Discussing the wasted past life of a mere servant?" His hand darted to hers, stilling the brush, and he gripped her tightly, but said nothing. A strange show of affection? "While I'm gone—" He paused for a long moment and made a sound, as if to speak, but no words came. The thought of being without him for so long while he traveled afar, and the way he held her hand in his, drove her to cross another line. She was no prostitute giving away herself for meager compensation, she didn't lower herself to such an extreme, but she dared to lean forward and rest her cheek against the back of his head. A small measure of fondness . . . minute . . . sinful, touching the King unpermitted. His fingers curled around hers. Eventually, he let go. As she continued with the brush, the silence wrapped around her like an oppressing blanket, making it hard to think, hard to breath. She wanted fresh air, to be away. She had already stepped out of line by turning away from him and for touching him unbidden, yet the only thing keeping her from walking out of the room was the confusing pull she felt toward him. That occasional bit of small contact—knuckles against his neck, fingertips along his collar—was better than none. Isa paused her movements, realizing how odd it was that prostitutes were paid for what they did and yet she worked for free. With relief, the King was soon dried and dressed. After he departed to see to other things the next hours passed quickly. Preparations for his departure were underway with significant fuss and speed. Stable boys tended to the horses. The traupie saw to the food supplies. Isa packed the remaining items of the King's wardrobe, carefully selecting all the necessary garments, wrapping them in muslin for clean transport. In the King's chambers everything smelled of his rich, heavy lavender spice. It clung to her skin, her clothes, her hair. In the night hours when she was away from him it was a torturous treasure. She glanced around the room to see if she were truly alone, feeling ridiculous, and pressed her face to the soft white of an undershirt. He would be gone, and she would be alone, waiting like some fair maiden for her evil overlord to return to her, only to give her the cold shoulder again. What troubled her most was that her overlord didn't seem quite so evil when he was not carrying a lance or wielding a blade. The memories she had of his kind slitting throats and setting fire to tree and lumber were hard to reconcile. Though Isa had not seen him raise a knife directly, when he came upon her, the sounds of carnage and terror surrounding them, blood was evident on his blade. She snapped out of her daze and angrily folded his shirt and stuffed it into the wardrobe case. Hurriedly, with much more disdain than care, she packed the rest of his items and clicked the lid closed. When she hoisted the heavy wooden trunk from the table and lowered it to the floor a square of paper fell from underneath. Her cheeks heated, she glanced around to be sure no one had seen her toss the King's personal belongings about. Stooping, she picked up the paper: a letter, folded, sealed, and addressed simply to Isa . Hastily, she flipped it up side down on the table. Why had he written her? Such a strange thing for him to do. "I intended to leave it for you to find while I was away, but perhaps you should read it now." The King's voice sent a lance of fear through her; she hadn't heard him enter the room. Surprised, she held still, one hand on the rim of the wooden desk, her fingertip to the edge of the envelope.