her gently away from me. I want her to stop so I can take care of her, but at the same time it sucks to have her stop sucking me off. Bella sits back up, straddling my hips and kissing me. I'm so close … I can just lift my hips and enter her bare pussy. But I don't. Instead I instruct her to move up more so her hips hover above my face. "That's it, baby. Let me lick your pussy as you sit on my face." Never have I had a girl sit on my face as I licked her pussy, so even just saying it is shocking. I flick my tongue out and lap at her clit and folds. Bella releases soft moans, but they soon increase in volume as I pull her left hand up and have her rub her clit as I tongue fuck her. The way she's working herself as I lick the juices flowing out of her gets me so hard that I want to push her off of me and impale her now. But I don't. No … I fully intend to have her come with my mouth on her. "Fuck, Edward!" my girl screams out. "Fuck! Me! Yes! Yes! Ohh!" Her mouth forms into that perfect O shape as she silently screams out her orgasm. I push Bella over so she lies on her back. I ask, "Condom?" She points to the drawer on my left, unable to speak as she catches her breath. I find one, rip it open and slide it on my cock. I pull Bella's legs apart and bend them at the knee so I can easily kneel between them. I lean down and give Bella a few pecks on her lips. Her eyes have become so dark that they're almost black. With one last kiss, I slowly enter her. We moan out together. I dip my head a bit and lay it on her shoulder, reveling in the sensation of being inside her after all this time. "Please, Edward. I want this so bad. Just take me," Bella says as she caresses my hair. I nod and pull out halfway before thrusting all the way back in, repeating this continuous motion over and over again. She feels so damn good that I just want to be in her forever. I wish this would never end. Bella wraps her arms around my waist and scratches her nails on my back, giving me more incentive to just pound in her. Her hips meet mine thrust for thrust, never slowing down; only going faster and faster. "Shit! I'm gonna come!" Bella yells before making breathy sounds as she clenches her pussy around me. I'm far from being done with her. I pull out of her and yank her up by her arms until she's kneeling again on the bed. I collapse onto the mattress and pull Bella back so she straddling me reverse cowgirl-style. I push back into Bella, her releasing another wail, and take control of her hips. I have her plunge down onto my cock until I make the decision that I just want to pound into her by holding her up on her knees, keeping her hips still. "Ohhhhhhh!" "Yes! That's it, Bella! Come on my cock again," I say in a gruff voice, so close to releasing in her. "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Edward! I'm coming!" Bella shouts. Her inner walls flutter around me once again until they squeeze me so tightly I can't help but pull her ass flush against my hips and spill into her, both of us sliding further down the bed so we are flat on our backs. After a few minutes of trying to get our heartbeats to a normal rate, Bella gets up and races out of her room. A minute later she comes back with a damp washcloth. I pull off the condom, toss it into the garbage can , take the proffered washcloth and clean myself off. After throwing that aside, I open up my arms and Bella immediately fills them, both of us hugging each other and not letting go. The girlfriends I've had never wanted to really cuddle after sex, but Bella doesn't seem to mind. She presses little kisses to my flesh and keeps her arms wrapped around me. "I didn't hurt you, did I?" I ask in a whisper. "No. Everything was amazing, Edward." "I've never really done that before. Roughly like that, I mean. And I've never really said those things. That's totally out of character for me." "Well, I quite enjoyed it. You can be like that any time. But I don't mind going slow or being gentle. I'm sure you're able to take care of me that way." She winks and I chuckle, kissing her some more. "Can't believe chaperoning a school dance finally pushed us together," I say as I rub Bella's arm while she's still wrapped up in mine. "I'm glad, though," she answers. "After wanting you for such a long time, I was starting to lose all hope that I'd ever get to be in your arms. And now I am, so I guess all hope wasn't lost." "Nope. Definitely not. I'm happy, too. I didn't have any confidence before now to talk with you outside of friendly conversation, and I definitely didn't think I had any confidence to do what we just did." "I really did like it. It was a different side of you. A very sexy, animalistic side of you that was waiting to be released." "Oh, really?" Bella nods, smirking. "Well, then … shall I show more of it?" "In a bit. But for now …" She stands up and heads over to her iPod docking station and turns it on, the very same song we danced to earlier playing from the speakers. "Shut up and dance with me." A.N.: Thanks so much for reading! I hope you enjoyed! Leave me some love! :)