to get to know me in some fashion. God, where's the alcohol when you need it? "I like reading. I like math and science. I've always been some kind of nerd." "No shit, bro," Em interrupted. Rose just smacks him. "I like kids. I mean, I've always seen myself as a dad at some point," I continue. "Are you hinting at something?" Bella asks me, winking. "Maybe." "What about teaching, Edward? You took all those science and math courses in college; go for a Master's in Education. Become a math or science teacher," Alice suggests. "That sounds kind of cool," I answer with a grin. Now all I can imagine myself is showing people younger than me the enjoyment of science and math and how it pertains to a lot of things we do today. Then my smile disappears. "How am I going to tell Dad? He'd be angry. All I want is to avoid disagreements; that's why I am in med school. I knew you upset him, Em, and I was his only hope for another Cullen being a doctor." Emmett punches my arm and tells me, "Dude, you can't be afraid of the man. If he gets upset, then boo hoo for him. You do what makes you happy. If he can't understand that or be happy for you, then it's his loss." I nod, knowing my older brother's completely right. Eventually, we head back to the house. Emmett and Rose made up, the engagement back on. Who knows when the wedding will happen? Who knows if our parents even show up? As long as they're happy, then that's all the matters. If I had a drink, I'd drink to that. We pull into the driveway of our home and the six of us make our way inside, hoping to start this whole day over. Emmett rings the doorbell and Mom pulls the door open. She yanks Em into a tight hug, apologizing profusely. "It's okay, Mom. Let's just start this day all over again. No arguing. No tears. No drama. Let's just enjoy Christmas. It is, after all, a time for family." "Yes. You're absolutely right." Mom faces Rose. "Rosalie … it's so good to see you. Your sweater is gorgeous." "Thank you, Esme. Something smells wonderful. Would you like any help with dinner?" "I'd like that very much," Mom answers with a sweet smile. I think she's slowly accepting Rose and vice versa. She then hugs Alice and Jasper, the two of them following Em and Rose inside. "Edward, honey." I'm pulled into the tightest hug ever. "Hi, Mom. I, too, want to start this day over. First, I'd like you to meet someone." I take Bella's hand. "This is Bella Swan. She's my girlfriend. Has been for four months." "Girlfriend? Why didn't you mention this before?" "It's a long story, Mrs. Cullen." "Didn't I already tell you to call me 'Esme,' Bella?" "Well, since we're starting over and I'm now meeting you as Edward's girlfriend, I found it best to go back to calling you that until you said it was all right to call you by your first name." "Well, I want you to call me 'Esme,' Bella. Now I want to hear about how you two met. I also want to know why Edward decided not to tell me you were his girlfriend from the very beginning." We laugh and head inside, sitting around the living room and telling them the fucking hullabaloo of Bella showing up today. My mom, Bella, Alice and Rose are all sitting in the kitchen chatting up a storm. Dad and Emmett discuss his career choice more and I think Dad is accepting it. I know I have to tell him, but I'm figuring I'll wait until New Year's. I think we've had enough hysterics for Christmas. New Year's gives me a whole 'nother reason to drink it up to get through family drama. But no matter the outcome of what I plan on telling my parents, I know Bella is beside me. After Christmas dinner and the exchanging of gifts, with Bella and I apologizing to each other that our own gift exchange will have to wait until we get home due to Bella's unannounced arrival, I drag Bella under the perfectly placed mistletoe over the front door. "Merry Christmas, Bella." "Merry Christmas, Edward." "I may be able to give you one gift tonight." "And what's that?" "Me telling you that I love you. I have for some time and have been too chickenshit to tell you." Bella giggles. "Well, I guess I can match that and admit that I love you, too. I've been nervous to admit it. I've never felt like this before with anyone." "That's enough of a gift for me." "Well, I still expect a physical gift from you when we head back to the city. I love you, but I'm a gift whore." "Then it's not wrong for me to admit that I kind of want a gift from you to open?" "No." I sigh. "Good." "Aren't you gonna kiss me? We've been standing underneath this mistletoe for a few minutes and you haven't smacked one on me. Get to it!" "Yes, dear." I kiss Bella good and hard before letting her go, whispering to her again that I loved her. We head back to our family in the family room. "Edward, when were you going to tell me that you planned on quitting medical school?" my dad asks from his recliner, his eyes narrowing at me. Shit. Guess the drama cannot wait a week. So with that I head over to my good friend Jack, pouring one finger's worth of the liquid and downing it before pouring another glass and walking over to my dad. What would Christmas be like without a little family dysfunctionality and booze? A.N.: Thanks for reading! If you celebrate Christmas, I hope it was wonderful. If not, then Happy Holidays and (soon) Happy New Year! :D