You made me realize that I was too scared to open my heart, which is why I chose to not date and be nervous about us earlier. After a few hours with you, you opened my eyes and made me want that connection again. I felt it with us. You did, too." "I want you, too, Bella." "I'm sorry it took me a while to give you an answer, but I'm sure of it." "It's okay. What matters is that you want this as much as I do." "Oh, I do. You're exactly what I need, Edward." He held my face within his cold hands and leaned in, giving me the kiss I'd been longing for all night. I just hadn't realized it until now. I returned the kiss, pressing my lips harder against his and wrapping my arms around his waist. The kiss intensified. Despite it being cold outside, I was burning up. It may be rushed, but I knew I wanted him, all of him. Now. So I told him so. "Downstairs. Now," he stressed. I noticed his eyes darkened. God, did I fucking want him more. I all but ran in the direction of the door, Edward on my six. We raced down the stairs and to Emmett's apartment. I jumped in his arms and we made out against the wall outside the door. "Baby," Edward groaned out, separating his lips from mine. "I need to unlock the door." I slid down, making his eyes cross. He had enough focus to get the door to the apartment unlocked before pulling me inside. We kissed some more, tongues fighting for dominance, as we pulled at our clothes before stumbling to the pull-out couch, still set as a bed. Our clothes flew off and he hovered over me, pressing kisses along exposed plains of my body. I was just in my panties, Edward in his boxer briefs and his shirt unbuttoned fully, exposing his chest, when he pulled back unexpectedly. "Wait! Is Emmett actually on his way?" Silly man. "No. That was just to get you to say where you were. He's with Rose still. We're good." "Fuck. Good. Now … where were we?" he asked, staring down at me like a predator staring at its prey. "I believe you were about to fuck me, but the rest of our clothes must disappear." He ripped off his shirt and tossed it behind him. "Yeah. I believe you're right." I wrapped my legs around Edward's waist, hooking my toes in the band of his boxer briefs and pulling them down. He teased me by sucking on my nipples and slowly pulled down my panties, not touching me where I needed his touch most. "Fuck, Edward! Just fuck me already!" I cried out, not being able to take his torture any longer. "All right. I think you've had enough teasing." He positioned himself and slid into me slowly, stretching me to accommodate his bigger than average sized cock. I moaned at the feeling, as he would push in but pull back out a bit. Little by little he entered me and pulled out until his pelvis was flush against mine. The fun really began then. Now that I was fully ready for him to fuck me, he did what I asked him to do. My arms were wrapped around him, my nails clawing at his back and he punished my pussy with his cock. His large hands gripped my thighs, holding on tight as he thrust into me at a consistently fast pace. I couldn't even meet him thrust for thrust because he was pounding into me. "Shit!" I cried out as I came, but Edward didn't stop. He rolled over so that I hovered over him, letting me be in control this time. I anchored my hands on his firm chest as I bounced on top of him. Edward caressed my body with his fingers, first trailing down my neck to between my breasts and back up to toy with my hard nipples. Eventually, he made his way back down to in between my thighs, rubbing his thumb against my clit. "Ahh!" Fuck, I was so close again. My hips moved faster to keep up with the pace of him massaging my clit. "Come on, Bella. You can come for me again. Your pussy is squeezing my cock so tight. Come for me so I can." "Edward! Edward, fuck!" I shouted as I succumbed to my orgasm. I shuddered as I sailed through it before resting my body on top of his. "Damn," he mumbled, running his hand up and down my back. "I don't think I can go back to Chicago after that." I sat up a bit and slapped his chest. Of course sex was still on his mind. "Hey!" he yelled with a chuckle. "Yeah, you're only in it for the sex." "No. Your company is totally worth it, too. Our conversations. Our banter." I rolled off of him and Edward rolled over me. "So are the kisses," he continued, pressing a kiss to my lips. "The touching." He followed that with him caressing my cheek and down my body. "And of course the sex." I smiled. "Yeah, all of those things are worth it. But I can't make you move here just because of one night of sex, Edward." "Of course, but it still makes me want to just up and leave so I can be with you. You're worth it most of all." "Let's take this day by day. We still have so much to learn about each other. But I'm not afraid of the distance. And we'll visit each other." "Bella, it will be sooner rather than later that I will return here permanently." "One day at a time, Edward." I kissed him fully, running my fingers along his cheek. "But when that day comes, I'll be waiting with open arms." "And I'll be running into them at full speed." Thanks for reading! :D