the Fuck do you think you are doing here?" The others where all looking at us now. Angela stood and moved towards me. "Bella I told you not to sneak around. Why are you here?" I was shaking from fear and the feeling of having Edward so close to me. I could feel his muscles against my back and the strength of the arms locking me in place. His scent was intoxicating and I was glad I got to feel him so close even if this was my last moment. I tall blonde haired man who looked similar to Edward walked down the stairs. "Edward put the gun down but make sure she doesn't run." I heard him holster the gun and for a second I breathed a bit easier. He was now pinning my arms behind my back. "So Bella my name is Carlise Cullen. I am your boss and I am sorry I haven't had the time to meet you yet. We have all been a bit busy with some current projects." He circled me looking me up and down. "You came highly recommended by Mike and I have always trusted him but I don't know if I can trust you yet. So Bella why are you in this room?" My voice was shaky as I spoke. "I was having a problem with Sales One and I wanted to ask Angela's advice. She told me that she would be in the meeting room so I looked for her there. I was on my way to the ladies to look for her when I heard voices. I am sorry I shouldn't have tried to listen. The door opened as I leaned against the wall. I really am sorry. Please let me go. I will leave today and I promise I will never tell anyone about this place. I really don't understand myself anyway. Please just don't kill me." I was close to tears by now as I pleaded with Carlise. It was Edward's voice I heard next. "Bella I wasn't going to kill you. Scare you yes but not kill you. You don't know enough to warrant death." "Bella I think it's best if you leave us to talk about what just happened. I will ask that you stay in the office and Angela will come and fetch you when we have come to a decision." Carlise waved in my direction and I was pushed out the door by Edward. I stood next to the door shaking for some time. I headed to the bathroom and splashed my face with cold water before returning to the office. I didn't know what would happen to me but I decided that I would be strong in front of them. An hour later Angela walked into the office. I burst into tears as I saw her. She pulled me into her arms and held me close. "It's going to be fine Bella. You didn't do anything wrong okay and we all understand that. What you are about to hear will be a lot take in so you need to be strong." She handed me a tissue and I wiped my eyes before following her back to the large room. They were all sitting on couches now next to the TV. Angela lead me to a black recliner and told me to sit down. Carlise cleared his throat and looked directly at me. "We would have preffered that you worked here for a few months before we told you the truth but as Angela pointed out time is not on our side for getting you take over her job. Mike told me to trust you so we will have to take a gamble. What we tell you now never leaves this room. The only people you can discuss this with are seated in this room. You can talk to some extent to Sam and Jacob but they are informers not specialists." I just stared at him wide eyed. "Bella if you ever speak of this I will have to kill you and I don't relish that thought. We are a secret government organization specialising in bringing down drug cartels. The bar is just a front. The five people who sit next to me are an elite force brought together over the last couple of years. Edward was in the SAS, Emmett was in the Marines, Jasper and Rosalie are ex- Special Forces and Alice was FBI. They were each sent here because of their own unique abilities. They are all highly trained assassins. You are here because in this high tech world we need people like you. Angela has handled all our computer needs for three years now and you will be taking over from her soon. I will not lie to you the job is dangerous. We understand that this is not part of your life so the specialists are here to protect you. If you don't think you can take on this assignment then please tell me now so that we can find somebody else. We are in the middle of some very dangerous business right now and nobody would blame you if you left." Angela sat next to me holding my hand while six faces watched me intently. "I guess I need to sign some clearance forms. Let's get started." Carlise breathed a sigh of relief and asked Angela to fetch the forms for me. The others all got up and went back to exactly what they had been doing before I arrived. Edward pushed an office chair up to a desk and started going through some files. That night as I lay in bed I wondered what the hell I had signed up for. I was scared and excited all at the same time. My life had definitely changed today and nothing could take me back to the girl I was this morning. I now was an agent for HEAT. Please send reviews and tell me what you think.