of you." Every bit of the air in Edward's lungs left in a sudden, powerful rush that made his body screech in agony, but he didn't care. For the first time in two months, something akin to peace settled in as his head fell back against the rolled-up blanket that Emmett had set behind his neck as a makeshift pillow. The tough-as-nails staff sergeant at the wheel chimed in. "They lost all radio contact and with no pick up, they had to hoof it back. Made it in… record time." In the rearview, she offered him a rare, bittersweet smile. "Sir, first thing, before they even took off their gear, was to grab the base commander and tell him they needed to come get you ASAP." "Those fuckers moved you to a different area in the mountains," Emmett said. "Took us a while to find you." Edward looked him in the eye. "Thank you." "You'd have done the same. It's what we do." Emmett slid his wraparounds to the top of his shorn head. As he inserted the IV, he cleared his voice, looked up to the vicious, take-no-prisoners, sexy-ass blonde he'd met only a month ago, and grinned. "Alright, Blondie," he yelled. "What the fuck are we doing? Let's move it, will ya? Move, move, move! " Gunning the engine and peeling out across the gravel, Rosalie's subtle smile morphed into a glare that would make any drill instructor step off. "I told you not to call me that. You do it one more time, and I swear I'm going to break your dick off. You got that?" A loud, painful bark of a laugh tumbled out of Edward's mouth before he could stop it. Her glare shifted to the injured man in the back. "Are you laughing, Captain?" Edward's bleary gaze flew to the massive staff sergeant hanging his IV bag, and the man shook his head in warning. "No, ma'am, I wouldn't dream of it." "Good thing someone has some intelligence in here," Rosalie grumbled. Stamping on the gas, she wordlessly directed the wide-eyed twenty-two year old lance corporal in the passenger seat to call up Command. The kid moved fast. "Operations Command, do you copy?" she said into the radio. Static pulsed once, then twice, and then a familiar, clipped voice came on the line. "Copy that. Staff Sergeant Hale, do you have the package?" Rosalie glanced back, fighting off a wave of unexpected emotion when she saw the other staff sergeant and the captain arguing about whether or not he was allowed to sit up. "General, yes, sir, we have the package." "Status?" "Pretty rough, sir. Some broken bones, dehydrated. Lost a shit ton of weight. And…" She paused, only going on when Edward waved her the go ahead. "Burns, multiple, deep lacerations from God only knows what kind of fucked up, I mean, messed up interrogation techniques those assholes used…. But sir," she smiled this time for real, "the first thing out of his mouth was an order to Staff Sergeant McCarty to give him an update of his team. And on the walk out, he also wanted to relay intel to air support. So… I think status is as best as can be expected." There was a long, drawn-out pause, where for a moment, Rosalie thought they'd lost the secure connection, and then Carlisle came on, his voice muted and thick. "Thank you. Thank you, Staff Sergeant. Tell my nephew that his aunt is… really pissed." As the staff sergeant signaled her affirmative, the deafening roar of an F-16 came from somewhere high overhead. Twisting toward the wide back glass of the Humvee, Edward looked out, instantly pinpointing the gray spec in the orange sky. Before he could ask, a high-pitched, out-of-place soprano came on the radio. "Attention K-mart shoppers, this is your friendly fairy in the sky." Emmett and Rosalie both groaned and said something about Peter Pan and needing a sidewinder missile. "For your enjoyment and delight this evening, we have a fine and varied assortment of hellfire and damnation. I think I may have a little sulfur and spicy brimstone left, too." The unfamiliar voice paused. "Captain Cullen, I'm pleased to finally make your acquaintance. Would you care to place an order?" Not quite sure what to make of the almost-cheerful pilot overhead, he watched her dove gray F-16 streak across the sky, drop into a belly roll, and come out, only to slide through a narrow mountain pass that only a handful of drivers could ever even dream about executing. When he saw her circle the mountain they'd just left, his smile was grim and deathly cold. "How about a little of everything, Tinkerbell? " "With pleasure, sir." June 15, 2007 Battalion update on Mission: Ghost At exactly 6:30 pm, April 5, 2007, two dozen Marines – specifically selected for the mission – stormed the small mountain cave complex of Mullah Abdul Akhund, commonly believed to have been the latest Taliban Minister of Intelligence, in search of captured Marine, Captain Edward Cullen. Thirty-four minutes later, reporting no casualties, nothing remained of the complex after significant bombing by mission air support on loan from the 455th and Mullah Abdul Akhund was declared dead. Captain Cullen is currently recovering from injuries sustained during his two-month captivity at Walter Reed. When asked what his plans were – if he still planned to remain with the Corps – the Ghost just said, "Semper Fi," and that his plans involved a new kind of Force Recon team and that he already had his team in mind. Note 1: Monday is Veterans Day here in the US, Remembrance Day in Commonwealth Nations, & Armistice Day in several other countries. If you have a chance and know a current or former member of the armed forces, take a second and say thank you. Note 2: Mullah Abdul Akhund is a fake person. I used names from other Taliban leaders and combined them into an evil SOB.