off my shirt and jacket. I took off my pants and stayed with my underwear on, not yet ready to scare her away. She lied down and looked at me expectantly; she looked lovely with her loosed dark hair all about my pillow and sheets; lifted her hand inviting me to her, how enticing and tempting; if this was the fruit that Eve tempted Adam with, than I don't blame him for taking that condemning bite. I crawled on top of her, I kissed her lips more, a ravaged her tasted, her tongue, and I just couldn't get enough of her. To hell with all; I didn't care, she was mine by right and that was that. I kissed her jaw, her neck, her collarbone, her chest, her breast, and her nipple. I squeezed the other with my hand, how rude of me to leave it unattended. Her nipples were so sweet, so delicious. She moaned, in surprise and delight. Her hands were on my back and on my hair, mine were simply everywhere; I took off her fine underwear; she didn't needed it; she blushed even more if that was possible. And I took mine off, don't think she noticed though; I saw her shocked look when she felt me on her thigh. I couldn't help but laugh lightly at that. We were as naked as the day we were born. "You are a golden goddess on earth." I couldn't help but say, my voice was low and husky. "And I am your most fervent follower." My hand went to her waist, just to lift her a little; while the other went to her leg; it didn't budge. She was as stiff and scared as a nun. I paused, I looked into her eyes, with all seriousness; waiting for her, for any response. "It scares me." She said her voice barely audible. "Of course it does; and I won't lie, it will hurt a little… at… at first." Why was I saying this to her, it will only scare her more. "But I will do everything I can so that you enjoy it." I assured her; I only hoped the few girls I slept with during my teenage years would have taught me well for this moment. She relaxed a bit and nodded; she lifted her knee for me and I settle between her legs. Then I came home; at first her virgin barrier took a little effort to break, and a tear came out of her eye with a slight whimper. I kissed that tear from her; kissed her lips lightly and said "I love you." It seemed to ease her. Then I really started to move, back and forth, back and forth, I was lost in ecstasy, she held on tight and I came back from wherever I had been to give the night of her life, the first of many. She was mine, and only mine. And finally we were both done. I collapsed on top of her, bodies sweltering, hands closed on each other and a lot of heavy breathing. I saw heaven. "Charles?" Her voice was broken, as it should be. "Yes, my sweet?" I answered against her neck; I could tell my breaths made her quiver. "I need to tell you something." She was very serious, as serious as I ever heard her. "Everything alright?" I asked truly concerned. She sat up to and looked me straight in the eyes. Damn those eyes. "I'm leaving… tomorrow… for a while." She said and I could tell she was regretting something. "Leaving, what do you mean leaving?" I was surprised, I just got her, I loved her. "I can't say where, but I can tell you for how long." She said and touched my cheek. "I will leave, but I will come back for you. And when I do, I will tell you everything." She said. "Everything?! What?! Why?! Why are you leaving? Tell me!" I was almost angry. "I can't. But I need you to trust me, give a year and to wait for me. I love you Dane." She caressed my cheek again, softly. She loved me; I could tell it was the truth, the whole hearted truth. "A year?" I asked. I knew nothing could be done, my exotic Maltese flower was leaving, but I would wait, for her, I would wait for forever. "Yes, a year." She said with a relieved smile. She feared I would react in a different way, a bad way. I embraced her and brought her down to the mattress again. "If I only have tonight until a year, that woman I am taking advantage of you; so you won't forget me." I said, kissed her cuddle her. "I can never forget you Dane." She said back and caressed my jaw. I made love to her the entire night, enough to last us a year. Damn abstinence. …:::***:::… And so a year went by, and I still waited for her; every day I came to this forsaken square, and sometimes I thought I saw her in another woman, my mind was playing tricks on me. Would she come, would she remember? "I see you haven't forgotten me." She said, her voice was silk, she was sitting right behind me, and at first I thought it was mi mind again. There she was, dressed in a black dress, with that red lipstick. I went to her, and kissed her for all those month of not kissing her. How dare she deprive me of her lips for so long. "Makenna…" I trailed off, when I saw her eyes, they weren't the strange golden-green hue I dreamt about, they were as red as her lips. But it was her, she was back, came back to me. She touched my cheek, like she did. "Charles, we need to talk." She said seriously, and then I knew, my life would change. But no matter what, we will be together forever. …:::***The End***:::…