audible enough. I shake my head as I step out of class when the bell rings and I turn the hall towards the gym lockers. I take my cap off and tell Alice about my assignment. She simply smiles kindly at me. "You are a monstrosity of a genius babe. You're gonna do great on that oral speech. I promise." I smile bleakly and take my gym uniform towards the bathroom stall. Once I'm dressed, I head out. She's still changing. Two of the girls near our lockers glare like dumb asses as Alice slips on her gym shorts and rolls them a bit too high. She turns to show me her creation. "Nice huh?" I swat her with my arm and shake my head. "I'm sure Jackson would be thrilled to see that ass of yours Al, but he's a sixty year old grandpa. You can do better than that. I bet he's a horny pedophile and that is not something you should be into." I mutter as she shrugs and fixes her shorts appropriately. "So Mr. Devon then..." "Let's go Alice." I cut her off, and then pull her out of the locker room. We laugh all the way to the volleyball field where the class meets up. After school, I head straight for Alice's car, and wait there for her to arrive. I sigh. What the hell is taking her so long? I reach for my phone and begin to dial her number when Lauren and her SlutVille, as Alice and I officially dubbed them, appear next to me and slide into their yellow Porsche car. They chuckle as they see me standing there like an idiot, and I know what's coming. "What's the matter, did your girlfriend leave you hanging?" Lauren's sour, pestering voice comes from beside me. I bite my lip, and hold back from saying something nasty to the bitch. I settle for scrolling through my phone and ignoring the laughing bitches as they finally drive out of the lot. Once SlutVille is out, I see Alice walking leisurely with one of the tall dirty blonde jocks she hung out with earlier. They seem to be whispering cozily to each other. When she finally sees me she murmurs a good bye to him. She kisses his cheek, and runs towards me with a crafty smile on her face. I glare at the guy behind her, and hop into the car. "Who's that, Al?" I ask, trying to not sound pissed and not throw my book bag too angrily into the backseat. "Oh, just Ben. He's too cute." she sounds girly again. Even for her. I smile at her trance-like face. "That's good. He better be. Or someone's gonna get castrated." "Ew, gross. What's with you and ripping ball sacks?" she murmurs as she steps on the pedal. I laugh humorlessly. "I couldn't bear it if a guy hurt you, Al. It would hurt me too. You don't deserve that. That's why." I murmur. I wander off, and I'm suddenly not listening to her. I know she wouldn't bear it either, knowing that the person that was suppose to love me the most, was actually an abusive drunk who was always pissed ever since mom had passed away. She'd probably hate me if she found out what I was keeping from her. "Earth to Bella? You in there?" she's running a hand through her short glossy hair, and looking frustrated at my irresponsiveness. I blink three times and blanch. "Sorry, what?" I ask, befuddled. She sighs, turns her engine off, and turns towards me. I realize we're in front of my house. Oh shit. "Bella, I seriously need to know where you're at sometimes. You worry me, babe. I mean, we are like sisters, we tell each other everything. But I don't know what you're thinking sometimes, and I want to be there for you. You'll never keep secrets from me, right Bells?" she looks me in the eyes, and I do my best at looking honest. It hurts so undeniably bad to not tell her. She's the only person in the world I trust, the only family I have. She's my other half. What I'm doing isn't fair, but I can't tell her about Charlie. I can't. So I wrack up my brain and keep it together. "Of course Alice. You'd have to rip my balls off, and I don't want that." She sighs in relief, swinging her arms around me and laughing like a wicked pixie. I smile a little. She kisses me on the cheek briefly and gives me an eased look. "Okay, see you tomorrow. Don't let that fucker push you around too much." she winks and turns on her engine. For a moment I freeze up and freak out, thinking she's talking about Charlie. But she means Don Johnson, my boss at work. I blanch for a nanosecond, and then I wave as she drives down the street. I feel like a little piece of me just drove away. Aw, aren't Bella and Alice the cutest? Thank you so much for your time! I want to clarify some things. First, I am NOT some psycho who simply enjoys writing about torture and depression. Really, I think I am a happy person. With that said, you have to understand that this story is very slow paced because I want to make it as legit and realistic as possible. I'm not the best of writers, at all, but in order to tell this beautiful story I have in my mind, I want to tell it at my own pace. Happiness doesn't come in the snap of ones fingers. It's a process, sometimes grueling and difficult, but we'll get there, promise. Please do not be discouraged by my odd ways, after all this is my first Fanfic ever! Give me a tiny bit of trust and help me through this please. After all, two(or more) heads are better than just one! ;)- Kat