where you would've been. It was a really small camera, so he barely knew it was there." It was a point-of-view video, and I felt myself tearing up again before a few minutes had passed. "You did this for me?" Choking, I saw her wipe away her own set of tears. "You're my best friend, of course I did." We watched the whole thing, hours of it, only stopping to grab dinner. We must've fallen asleep because I came to as the front door opened. "Hey." I yawned as Kyle took off his boots and came over to look at his sleeping wife. "How was work?" "Much longer than I thought it would take." "Owning a business kinda sucks sometimes hey?" "Well, co-owning makes it a little easier. At least Jacob had to suffer through it with me." He hoisted Annie up into his arms, who was still passed out. "Night Nevaeh." "Night." I folded the blankets as he went upstairs, and did the dishes so Annie wouldn't have to do it in the morning. It was quiet out here, a lot more quiet than out in the city. I decided to pour myself a mug of hot chocolate and go sit on the porch for awhile. The swing drifted slowly back in forth as I sat. The stars were bright here, and I knew that one of these days I would have to go to the beach and just listen to the waves and watch the stars. I heard the soft patter of the rain and closed my eyes. "Ah, I thought I heard you come out here." I looked up to see Kyle closing the front door behind him. "Insomniac?" "Maybe a little." I smiled, moving over so I wasn't in the middle of the porch swing. "Did you want any hot chocolate?" "No, that's alright." He sat down beside me. "I'm not the biggest fan of sweets." "How on earth did you get Annie?" He laughed and shook his head, resting his forearms on his knees. "By giving her all of my portion. Do you mind if I smoke?" "No, go ahead." I stared at the marshmallows as they melted in my mug as he lit up. "I want to say I don't know you very well, but Annie painted a pretty good picture. So far, you've met all my expectations." "I aim to exceed most expectations, but I suppose it's still the first day." A wolf howled in the background, and I turned my head to look into the woods, but Kyle seemed unperturbed. "What are you doing for a living now?" "Writing." I responded. "I have a publisher that I just email the finished product to, and we deal with it from there." "That's why you're out here for awhile?" I nodded. In all honestly, my parent's home was too hard to keep. My mother was refusing to go back, and it all had been handed over to me. I sold most of their stuff and their house, the only thing I kept were my dads favorite baseball cap, his wedding band, and all the photo albums. My mom had picked what she wanted beforehand. "That's alright with you? I know it was sudden." The house had sold faster than I expected, my bank account jumped higher than I'd ever seen it. I hadn't told Annie I had nowhere to go, just that I wanted to come down for an extended vacation. "Of course. You're pretty much Annie's sister." "We are sisters." I corrected, gently. "Maybe not in the conventional sense. But we're the only sister either of us had." "She says that too." We were quiet again, just the wolves howling in the distance and the odd creak of the swing. He broke the silence, "I'm glad you came down. It's all she talks about." "I'm glad I came down too. 5 years is too long." He nodded in agreement before brushing off his pants and standing up. "I should probably try and get to sleep. Gotta wake up with the women who wakes up with the sun." He paused when he got to the front door. "Come by the shop tomorrow. I'll introduce you to the guys, maybe one of them can show you around if it's not busy." "Thanks. Goodnight." "Night." I listened to the click of the door as it shut. Swirling my now cold chocolate drink, I watched the silent road ahead with blurry eyes. Annie was my home, and I couldn't imagine being anywhere else, but how long could I really stay? How long could I lie to her before she found out – rather, figured out – that I didn't actually have any place to return to? "I really messed up this time." I whispered, letting the dark take my voice and carry it somewhere safe. My limbs felt heavy, but I wasn't tired. All I wanted to do was remember this moment, this moment on a porch swing with the dark forest ahead of me. A wolf howled again, this time much closer, and I jumped. In the process, my mug hit the ground and bounced into the grass. Cursing my luck, more due to the dark than to the rain and wet grass, I peeled off my socks and slowly stepped onto the lawn. Immediately, I felt a chill spread up through the bottom of my feet, but knelt down to pick up the mug. That's when the atmosphere changed. When I felt a different kind of chill than the ones my feet felt run down my spine. I slowly looked up and around, but saw nothing. The hairs on my body stood up, but my curiosity prevented me from running into the house. Still, I couldn't see anything. I straightened my back and turned back towards the house. A breath shot across my neck, and I whipped around to find nothing behind me. Maybe I would have to read that book of legends after all.