his thrusts, going in deep and pulling back slow, torturing me as I pushed up to get more. "Please Jasper, faster!" I begged. My legs wrapped around him as I drew him in deeper, gasping and biting his shoulder. Pushing my now damp hair that stuck to my face, Jasper's mouth sucked a hickey into my neck as he granted my request. He pulled back completely only to slam back into me, hitting my g—spot dead on as I gasped, lifting my body up, and fisting the sheets. Jasper's hands left my body and gripped my headboard, slamming in and out of me as the sound of the bed hitting the wall sounded through the room. Jasper rolled his hips causing him to brush over my clit, the sensation causing me to clench around him. Jasper moaned in response to the sensation. "Bella," he whispered almost breathlessly, the sound of my name falling from his lips the most beautiful melody. "I'm so close," I cried into his shoulder. Sitting up with me in his lap, Jasper guided me up and down on his length, I could take in more of him this way and the pleasure became almost numbing. Everytime I came down onto him he hit my g—spot causing a tingling sensation to spread throughout my body and take my breath away. My hands pushed his shoulders back and Jasper looked up at me curiously before I slid back down on his length slowly so I felt each inch of him disappear within me. I gasped, throwing my head back as I felt his hand slide down my neck and chest, down to my pussy which was wetter than it had been before, rubbing my clit again. "Oh my god," I cried, willing myself to move on him, rocking forward and backward with his head right against my g—spot. I wouldn't be able to stop the moans even if I wanted to. Soon I was riding him at a fast pace, my body and Jasper's glistening with sweat, body slippery as we fought to hold onto each other, his hands holding onto me as I rode him with every fiber in my being, throwing my head back and closing my eyes in pleasure. Jasper began pushing up and into me which caused me to cry out more. "Fuck baby you look so hot." He groaned from below me. My body flushed in response, skin reddening as the blush that met my cheeks burned. I bit my tongue, looking down at meeting his eyes as I rolled my hips in fast circles before using the strength in my legs to go up and down. "Fucking hell," Jasper broke our eye contact to drop his head back. The mere thought of me being the reason behind his pleasure urged me further on. "I'm so close," I groaned again, going hard and fast. Jasper sat up once more, holding me still as he fucked up and into me, stilling me from any sort of movement so all I could to was cry out in pleasure, clawing and biting at his skin, teeth digging into his ear. "Jasper please," I begged un able to take the pleasure coursing through me. A growl escaped Jasper's lips as he got even faster, his movements so quick I gave up on trying to understand his stamina and control. He was hitting spots I didn't even know was there, only making me grow weaker. "Ugh, fuck Bella. I'm going to fuck you so hard baby girl." He rasped, eyes blown in pleasure. "Harder?" I breathed. How was that possible? But I was proven wrong when my body was laid on my side, Jasper sliding into me again from behind me as I groaned into my pillow. I held onto the bed as he held my hip in his left hand, other hand pinned between my body and the bed as he pulled my hips back to thrust inside of me slowly. I couldn't help the pornstar moan that left my lips as he began slamming into me again, my hands looking to grab anything before I clutched the bed in my right and my left hand going behind me to hold onto his toned bicep. "JASPER!"I gapsed. "I'm gonna…" I couldn't even finish, body shaking in orgasmic pleasure, Jasper fucking me even harder as bit my lip, tasting blood. Finally I reached my peak, the feeling unbearable, too much, overpowering and completely striking just as Jasper let out an animalistic groan into the nape of my shoulder, our bodies slowing down but continuing to move together in synch through our orgasms, the feeling of him filling me causing me to gasp again, dropping my head onto the pillow. I huffed out a breath, my heart rate fighting to get back to normal. I probably just burned every single calorie I gained over the year. "Mm," I heard Jasper moan into my neck, kissing down the skin and up to my lips. "I didn't have a…" "It's okay." I promised. "You're on the .." I nodded. I felt that infamous smirk meet my skin again. "In that case…want to go for another round?" I let out a laugh, my body protesting in response, sore. "I think the power's back at your place." "You want me to leave?" I could hear the sarcasm in his voice, knowing damn well the answer was no. "Stay." I replied. He chuckled again, kissing the back of my neck before sliding out of me, causing me to groan again, letting out a breath. I dropped my head onto his shoulder then, Jasper opting to throw the sheets over us but with how sweaty we were and still trying to catch our breaths, I insured him he didn't have to. "I'm sorry I watched you through the window." I yawned. His chest rumbled below mine, his laugh sounding. "Don't be. I watched you too." Thank you for reading! I hope you liked it loves!