with a deep thrust, a moan even louder than all the others before leaving her lips as the coil tightening within her reached it's brink, her nails scrapping down his back as he continued his deep, hard strokes a few more times before her body came apart around him, her climax causing moans to fall from her lips that Edward muffled with his lips, his eyes falling onto the features of her face, contorted in pleasure. Edward's climax came shortly after that, his jaw clenching and teeth digging into his bottom lip, Bella's fingers running through his hair and pulling him down and against her as he too reached his peak. When Bella woke up, it was four pm and the room had a dark blue color casted over it from the sky behind the blinds. She didn't know why she woke up at the odd time, but when she shifted under the sheets and turned around, she was met with an empty bed that caused her heart to stutter in surprise. Bella being Bella, all negative possibilities filled her mind, all of which she could not imagine Edward doing. The most prominent dreading fear eating away at her while she sat up in bed was that he got what he wanted and now he was gone, that his adoration for her and Darcy was a con. He was young, after all , she told herself. Within five minutes she had managed to distance him from her in her mind and began wondering how she would explain to Darcy that yet another person was not in her life or there to stick around. She felt her chest cave. Turning with the sheets wrapped around her, Bella got up to get a shower and cry out her frustrations before pulling herself together and getting her work done before Darcy would surely awake asking for some breakfast and cartoons. Grabbing her robe off the back of the bedroom door, Bella dropped the sheets from around her as she forced herself to keep her priorities straight. Did she think he was different? Yes. Was she beginning to fall for him? Yes. Was it a big mistake now that she took the time to step back and see her actions? Unfortunately so. Tying the low-cut silk robe around her curves and pushing her hair behind her ears, Bella was about to go to the other side of the room before she heard footsteps coming up the stairs. There was no way Darcy would be awake at this time without waking her up, and she dreadfully walked out the room in worry. "Darc?" Bella whispered curiously out of the room. Rounding the corner, she watched as Edward came up the stairs with Darcy in his arms, the little girl cradled in his hold. Bella felt her worries and frustrations dissipate, and wondered how she managed to doubt the most unpredictable guy she ever met. Edward's lips formed an 'O', whispering a "Shhh," jokingly at Bella as she felt her heart swell in her chest, a bright beam of a smile forming on her lips as she followed Edward into Darcy's room. He laid her down on the bed and pulled the sheets around her, putting Blankey overtop the comforter like Darcy always requested. Bella leaned over and dropped a kiss onto Darcy's nose before the both of them tip-toed out of the room and Edward shut the door. "She wandered into the room about an hour ago complaining of a tummy ache and headache. I gave her soup and medicine so I think she'll be cool now." Edward whispered even though they were out of the room already and in the hall. Bella shook her head, smiling softly to herself. "What?" he curled his lips up in wonder at her, pulling her forward by her robe so her body crashed into his. "I just, I don't know. I thought you left." She said casually, though Edward got the point and his smile softened at the ends. "But you keep proving me wrong over and over again so I guess I should just get used to the unpredictability of having you around." "You should, seeing as I'm not going anywhere." He promised. "Why would you think I left? Do you get that vibe from me or something? I don't think I've done anything to make you believe you can't trust me." "You haven't, and it's not that it's just…you're kind of too good to be true. Like I'm pretty sure you have beauty gifted to you directly from the Gods themselves," Edward laughed "and you just…make me happy and Darcy happy." Bella's face grew hot in embarrassment. "I feel like I can tell you stuff and you'll help me forget about them." "Each and every time." He didn't hesitate to respond. "You may think I don't know much in my nineteen years but I've known more loss and heartache to last a lifetime so far and I'm not looking forward to anymore. You're the only girl who hasn't proven my once sure theory there's no such thing as the perfect girl for any guy." He confessed, but he didn't like being so vulnerable and it was something he had to get used to around Bella so his face burned in a blush too. Bella pulled him down in a soft kiss, one that didn't further injure their swollen lips. "Now what's this about your robe? I don't think it's your color." He murmured. "You don't think it's my color or you just want to take it off of me?" she raised a brow in knowing. Edward gave her a lopsided grin. "C'mon, let's get back in the room and take that ridiculous thing off of you." His arm slid around her waist as she giggled, his chin meeting the top of her head as he too grinned, leading her into the room and shutting the door behind them right when the robe fell to the floor.