curling and uncurling before he pulls his mouth away from her sex, Bella lying back as Edward sucks hickies into her hips and sides, for her to see every day she gets dressed, for him to know that every morning and every night her cheeks blush as she runs her fingers over her bruised hips and sides, neck and breasts, knowing the faint trace of Edward's lips were there. He bit her hip and nibbled back down to her core, speeding his tongue against her. Bella seeps out and onto Edward's fingers as her walls clamp around his fingers, his fingers brushing her g-spot with every curls as he sucks her clit and moves his tongue back down her folds, Bella crying out in pleasure as a weight lifts itself off of her, her body feeling like it's floating through a euphoric universe, her orgasm clashing through her as she comes on Edward's tongue, his fingers slipping out of her as he laps up her arousal, licking back up to her oversensitive core and back down again. When he meets her eyes he licks up his fingers obscenely, winking at her. Bella wraps her legs around Edward and holds onto his shoulders, nails digging into his skin as he slides a condom over his great length. Bella is sucking in a breath when Edward's sliding into her, sheathing through her—no easy feat, her body tensing around him as he nudges through her, her breathing hard to properly circulate through her body causing her mind to grow hazy as she feels his head hit her g-spot and she gasps, because he's finally fully inside of her, inch by great inch wrapped around by Bella as she tightens around him, Edward cursing at how nice she feels. Bella gasps, unable to buck her body up, unwilling and not needing too, Edward putting in the work synonymous with a wave crashing into sore, hard and powerful, unrelenting. Edward's length fucks into her hard and fast, Bella not having time to adjust and she knows at this point she deserves it for teasing him so much, but damn, when Edward Cullen wants something he takes in and leaves you unable to comprehend a moment of it. Edward laces his fingers with Bella's and rolls his body downward like a tidal wave, putting his hold body into his strokes so that his chest lifts and rocks up and down, his hips clashing into Bella as he fills her before his abdomen rolls down and finally his chest, his breathing short and fast in her ear as he fucks into her with sharp intention, his head hitting that deep place within her causing her to quiver in his wake, legs tight around him and her head lolling to the side before her chin is grabbed by Edward, his hold pulling her forward and crashing her lips against his so that she moans, her bottom lip drawing blood by the feel of rough teeth brushing against sore lips and her gasps being swallowed down by growls on Edward's end, drinking her in and licking into her mouth. Bella is in ecstasy, never wants to leave, never wants to do anything but this. The bed sounds beneath them and the headboard slams into the wall and if they weren't so focused on each other maybe they'd tone it down, but they are chasing an impending orgasm that has heat curling up into a tight, wound up ball in the pit of Bella's abdomen, release critical. "Fuck daddy fuck, oh my god," Bella gasps, rolling her head to the side and biting at the pillow as Edward rocks his hips and holy fuck, how the hell is it possible for him to move like that? He's causing a delicious friction at her clit as the tamed hair leading down from below his belly button and downward brushes against Bella's core, her clit throbbing in pleasure and her walls tightening around Edward, his teeth clenching as he hissed. "You feel so good Bella, so tight, so wet, fuck, you're perfect." He shakes his head, putting in the work with stamina Usain Bolt would envy, Bella caught herself thinking. But that thought was cut off of course because Edward lifted Bella's legs, slowing his thrust. "Oh my fuck!" she gasps, feeling him now more than ever as the both of them take in the sight of Edward's immaculate length easing into Bella's tight, wet pussy and Bella can swear she sees heart eyes in Edward's blown pupils. She feels cocky so she shifts her hips and fuck, she gasps, feeling Edward hit a place in her she'd never know, Edward cursing out too as he rocks into her. Edward pins Bella's legs against her sides as he gains leverage holding onto the headboard, fucking her harder and faster and exhausting himself with his fast strokes until his impending orgasm is just there and Bella's is too, the both of them falling over the edge and crying out, Bella moaning and gasping as Edward growls out, Bella clamping around him so Edward can't move all that much, his hips stuttering as they fight to catch their breathing, Edward falling between Bella's legs. Bella's still panting when Edward mumbles into the crook of her neck, "So is this how you lure people into having sex with you? Talking about your weird foot scar?" Bella kicks his shin and laughs and Edward curses, her laughter rumbling throughout her as he can't help but chuckle too into her neck. Bella's sure now that she's forgiven for that towing accident. Who knew messing up and getting your bosses laundry could end in an orgasmic bliss? Not Bella, but she wasn't complaining. Did you like it? I worked so hard on this chapter, I was so nervous to make it as perfect as possible for you guys! I hope you guys enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it so far ;) Thanks again. Review!