more. How could he do this to her. She loves him and now he is bumping her. You know you can't stay away from me. We are mates. Bella put trying to get him to come around. Cause she know's that they are made for each other. But she what she don't know is that Edward isn't her mate but someone else is. Edward read that and growled a little. Jasper could feel Edwards rage coming off him. Bella I found my true mate and its not you. You are just a singer to me thats it. I'm not going to txt anymore. Edward sent and then turned off his phone. Bella read that and cried more. How could he find his true mate when she is his mate. No she's not going to give up with out a fight. Who ever this girl is she is going done. Bella is going to make sure only she is Edwards love. Alice saw what Bella is going to do and she didn't like that at all. It was six when Kira got up again. She blinked a few times and then noticed Edward and Jasper sitting on her bed. Looking at her while she slept. "How long have I been sleeping?" Kira asked them as she sat up. "Eight hours Kira. How are you feeling?" Edward said to her. "Ok." Kira said as she slowly moved her body. It didn't hurt as much anymore. "Does it still hurt sweetheart?" Jasper asked Kira. "Not as much as it was before." Kira said softly as she rubbed her hands on her legs. "Thank's good to hear." Edward said to her. "Yep. I can move with out hurting." Kira said with a small smile. Even if Kira is smiling on the out side. But on the inside she is in more pain. When she is awake she thinks about Sebastian and even in her sleep. Jasper wasn't sure if he should help her while she slept or not. Edward said it might not be good if he did. So he didn't do it even thro he wanted to. This is something Kira has to get over on her own. Edward didn't want to see Kira whimpering in her sleep. It was killing them both to watch her. Edward could hear her thouths while she dreamed. Jasper could feel want she was feeling. Both of them didn't like seeing threir mate like that. Jasper and Edward knew she is faking a smile but they couldn't let her know that they know. Kira can see that they are hidding somthing and she thinks they are funny. Edward looked at her. She know's there is something different about them. But its no big deal to her if she knows or not. Unlike Bella who needed to find out. Holy shit I can hear yer thoughts Edward! Jasper thought with shock. Not just his but Kira's as while. But no one elses. Really you can hear me? Edward thought back. Yes I can. Jasper thought. Ok this is starting to get weird. Jasper can hear both of their thoughts and Edward can start feeling what the other two are feeling. Kira is felling back and Jasper is shocked as hell. While Kira can't hear or feel anything from them. "Ya hungry?" Jasper asked Kira softly. She looked over at him. Jasper couldn't help but to smile at her. Cause he really like's Kira's mix match eyes. "A little." Kira said but in truth she is really hungry. "Ok sweetpea. Let me go get Carlisle and then we can go down and eat." Jasper said before he stood up and kissed the top of her head. Kira blushed when he did that. She watched him leave then turned to Edward. "Why did Jasper do that?" Kira asked Edward. "Did what?" Edward asked her. "Why did he kiss the top of my head for?" Kira said. Edward smiled at her. "Its a guy thing Kira." Edward said and Kira look at him with her head cocked to one side. "Really? I thought when a guy kissed the top of the head means they like you. This is a really weird place." Kira said and Edward wanted to talk about where she is from. Carlisle and Jasper waited out side the door listening. "Kira can I ask you something?" Edward asked softly. Kira looked at him. "Sure Edward what do you want to ask?" Kira said softly to him. Edward didn't know how to ask but he took a deep breath then asked her. "You don't have to tell me if you don't want to. But where are you from?" Edward asked and Kira looked at him. "I'm from Wonderland. Where am I Edward?" Kira asked cause she knew she's not in Wonderland anymore. Edward and the others are in shock. "Is she fuckin serious?" Rose said and all the vampires heard her. They couldn't believe what she said. "Your in Forks Kira. Are you really from Wonderland?" Edward asked her. Kira looked at him. "I don't know a place called Forks. So I'm really not home. Yes I'm from Wonderland I lived in the dark mushroom forst till. . .I came here." Kira said softly before tears ran down her face. Edward moved his hand towards her face and wiped it away. They couldn't believe this. Is Kira telling the truth or just making it up. "How did you get here?" Edward asked softly. He didn't want to make it sounded like she is lying or he don't believe her. Kira looked calm but they could feel rage pulsing off her in wave. "I should start from the begging." Kira growled with rage. It wasn't your normal growl. "Let me get every one if that is ok with you?" Edward said and Kira nodded. It was best to tell them the truth. If you liked this chapter then please review. If not then don't say anything. Reviews=More Chapters! ! !