he speaks clearly "you don't know a thing... about his soul" she says narrowing her eyes "Forse e uno o l' altro, this is a sadness, if it was only your intention to give her immortality, Both of them" he says looking from me to Bella "Demetri, take care of her will you? " aro says to which the man's grip on my throat tightens "It's a shame something so pretty has to die, But your blood smells so good" Demetri says softly to me pushing my head to the side he bares my throat "I'll make your death quick" he speaks softly Closing my eyes I think back on the weeks leading up to this moment the whole situation with the pack, with Jake and Bella and with Sam, my mind races as I feel the icy cold breath of death upon my flesh and whimper waiting on death but surprisingly it doesn't come, Opening my eyes I watch as Aro holds Alice's hand in a trance like state before blinking with a satisfied smile, he grabs Bella's hand and speaks softly to her before turning his attention to me motioning for Demetri to let me go, I reluctantly walk forward where he grabs my hand. "You will have an exceptional gift once you are immortal young Raina, I look forward to seeing you again my dear" he whispers cupping my chin "Now, go make your preparations " "Let's be done with this" the blond snaps once again "Goodbye young friends" Aro says cheerfully as we quickly walk back the way we had come, Edward clutches Bella's hand while I stay next to alice, I wrap my arms around my self and keep my head low as we board the elevator, once upstairs we go to walk out when Demetri grasps my arm tightly pulling me close to him. "This is not over, by a long shot.. I will taste your blood " he whispers against my ear "maybe even your body" He lets me go after alice hisses at him with a smirk he watches us go, I must have fallen asleep on plane because when I wake up I am on the couch at Bella's. "Jake why is the pack here?" I hear Bella's voice say from the front door "I know she is here and I need to see her" I hear a deep voice say, curiously I get up and walk over the the door coming out onto the from porch where every member of the pack stands including Sam, Covering up the bruises that are scattered across my skin I walk down the stairs and walk to them. Sam meets me and looks down at me, to which I avoid his gaze "Do you know how worried we were? You are a member of our circle, you're family you can't just go off and do as you please, especially when it involves cold ones" he says "Look Bella is my friend and much to my surprise I have found a friend in alice and edward as well. I am a free woman with no man, No one has imprinted upon me so my question to you is why exactly do you care? Sam you could have any woman on the reservation but you continue to care for me, when I am not originally apart of your pack. I haven't even phased yet" I say shaking my head "I don't know how to explain my feelings, You make things easier, life seems simpler when I am around you" he says looking at me "Make you're feelings known Sam, Tell me what it is you want because if not, I am returning home" I say softly "I have made the choice to return to NOLA, I can't be here when those things in Italy know where I am, especially the leech who did this.." I pull the collar of my jacket down to reveal dark purple bruises "I.." I stop when I see his eyes glued to my throat "A leech did this to you?" he says anger etched into his words I nod and look down adverting my eyes from his only to feel him pull me against him the warmness of his skin seeping deep into my bones "Sam.." I mutter against his chest, he puts his chin on the top of my head "I'm sorry Raina.. I don't want you in harms way ever again" he says softly "I want you to stay, for the pack, for your friends.. for me" I look up at him "why?" I ask "Do you feel that?" he asks "Please tell me you feel the connection" I blush "I didn't think anything of it, at first.. I thought it was just me" I admit He smiles and laughs "it's not just you" he says "So are you trying to tell me you want me to be with you?" I ask coyly shifting in his arms "Yes" he simply replies "Well from the way it sounds looks like you might have your work cut out for you given the fact I have a leech on my tail" I mutter "No pun intended, I hope I phase I want to rip his head off" I growl He laughs and grasps my hand "For now, I am content defending you" "I know but I want to be able to defend you" I say defiantly puffing my lower lip out "Hmm we shall see" he says as we walk back through the woods "you four shall be going to check on our dear ones, there are three I want to join the guard, they're skills would make our power greater then it already is" Aro speaks softly "And if they refuse?" Felix says curiously "You bring them back no matter what, No exceptions" Caius says "they will refuse" Demetri says "No exceptions" Caius repeats Jane and Alec stay silent as the four head out Felix and Demetri, they're destination? Forks, Washington.