didn't know what so say to the broken limbed boy in front of her. Did she just come straight out with it? Or imbedded it while in conversation. Ha. Conversation? If it was not Sam or Paul she was angry with it was Jacob. The only time the pair was talking was when explicit language was involved and high-pitched volumes of voices. "Look." Leah began eager to get this over and done with. "Jacob Black . Were not the best of friends. You hate me and I hate you more. I never asked you to 'be my saviour', I can handle my shit on my own. I'm sorry for the fact you got hurt, really badly, and I'm sorry it's not me laying there instead of you. But I guess will all learned a lesson here today." Not to mess with weak little girls like Bella Swan that got us all into this mess. Leah added in her head. The apology may have not been kind but it definitely was Leah Clearwater, and everything they were expecting. Jacob, with his good arm, pushed himself up lightly so he was sitting up. His jaw clamped down on his back teeth from the pain. Leah winced a little from the site. Jacob's face softened from relief and his eyebrow shot up remembering Leah's words. A cold laugh escaped his lips, his chest hurt from the reaction but he didn't show it. Is this girl serious? Jacob found himself asking. To him Leah was just about the craziest… Leah looked Jacob dead on. He was laughing? And it was a fucking cold one too? To Leah he was just about the craziest… "Wow, I mean just wow. Y'know you're just about right too, y'know, we all did just learn a lesson today. A, how Leah Clearwater apologies, lesson." Jacob laughed some more, it was so icy that if your tongue was exposed it probably would ice too. "I stick my ass on the line to save you and this how you fucking repay me?" Whenever he and Leah fought, the thoughts that went on in Jacob mind was one of two things. One, Leah Clearwater was a bitch and two, what the fuck did Sam see in her? Right now, he was thinking of number two. Even though Leah was one of the prettiest girls on the Res and at one point of Jacobs life he had a mad crush on her but her bitchiness just about cancelled that 's arm dropped. "I never asked your Bella-kissing-ass to save me, do you recall that in your messed up rapist mind." Jacob's left eyebrow rose from the word rapist. Rapist? "What shit are you talking about now?" Jacob asked. He never ever wanted to bad mouth to a girl and like his mum had once said 'treat every girl how you'd want your sister to be treated' he pretty much tried to keep that promise, but Leah, Leah just brought out the worst in people. Knowing exactly what he talking about Leah continued their rant. "Yeah, rapist…" Even though Leah hated Bella Swan, she did feel somewhat proud that she had punched Jacob after that ridiculous kiss he had given her. "You don't just go round invading girls mouths, Black , and not except to be called a rapist." Jacob's mouth could not help but hang a little. "I'm not a rapist, she wanted it, she just didn't know yet…she loves me, she admitted it before the fight." Why was he explaining himself to Leah? Her brain does not comprehend love. "She wanted it? She just didn't know it yet?" Leah broke out into harsh laugh. "Yeah, of course she did. Spoken like a true rapist, Black, a true rapist." The corners of Jacobs mouth twitched a little, but the frustration he felt override the sensation to laugh. His body was beginning to grow frustrated and raged causing his mending ribs and bones to ache. Leah practically put him here now she was doing it all over again. What was I thinking of saving her? She's crazy, she is the definition of crazy in a dictionary. She is She's… Jacob sighed, tired. The sudden pound of his heart beating fast made his vision go cloudy. I am not going to pass out again. Jacob's fist tightened and Leah could see the veins in his hand bulging from his good hand, the discomfort Jacob is felling written all over his face. What the hell was I thinking having a fight with Jacob in his condition? Leah thought. "Jacob?" She called softly, worry was thickly wrapped around his name as it left her mouth. Jacobs's eyes narrowed and his face was shiny and flushed. Leah never sounded worried. Oh, Fuck, I'm gonna pass out again. Jacob thought. Leah spotted the icy looking bowl that had a handkerchief hanging out of it. Her long legs walked over Jacob's carpeted flooring to the handkerchief. She dipped it in the icy water and dabbed Jacobs's forehead. Jacob eyes shut slowly as he passed out. "I'm sorry." Leah breathed. Author's Note: Hey this is my first ever authors note. Whooo! I've done it, written the first ever chapter to my first ever story. Yay! Hope you guys enjoyed it. I'm sorry for any mistakes, I don't have a beta and I got pretty bored checking it :P If you're reading this and do some beta'ing and would like to help me with this please PM me! Here is a few references for the story just so when you see it doesn't confuse you: its being split into the four seasons and each season will have chapters to it and if you noticed this, this one begins with 'autumn'. Hopefully I've cleared that up. Ermm…what else did I need to clear up? Well I can't remember so I guess all is left to do is to tell you guys to review please, your opinion will be valued. Many kisses x KadeeX