the water spout just in case. Once the ash had settled in the bottom of the bowl, I found a sandwich baggie and scooped the remains inside. I took the bag with me out to my truck. The keys were still in the ignition and I started it back up. I set the baggy down on the passenger seat and reversed out the driveway. My destination was the same as before, the bluffs. I pulled back up the cliffs, closer this time since all the cars were gone. The wind was still fierce as I made my way back over to where Sue, Leah and Seth had set Harry's ashes free into the sea below. I carried with me the little baggy with the ashes. It was time for me to set Edward free at last. I slowly opened the little zipper lock on the bag. I didn't dump it out immediately, closing my eyes to say one final thought before doing the deed. Goodbye. I loved you Edward. Goodbye. I opened my eyes and turned the bag upside down. Unlike Harry's ashes that spread out wide with the winds, my tiny little clump of ash was snatched up and gone in less than a second. With that little bit, my shoulders felt a good deal lighter. "Bella!" I heard my name even as arms snatched me and spun me around. My vision spun for a moment with the force of the arms turning me and my feet disagreed with the view, turning over each other until I fell into the person who seized me. Long, slender fingers caught me and helped me stay upright, setting me back down. I gazed up at the boy who rescued me from a mess of his own making. "Embry? What are you doing here?" "I heard the truck as you went by the house," he explained, his hands still holding my shoulders. "What are you doing here Bella? It's dangerous around these cliffs. People fall accidentally." His words dropped to a lower level as he said, "Sometimes without meaning to." I could hear the unspoken 'Especially you' that usually accompanied those words. Sadly it was true, so I couldn't really get mad at him for being worried over my safety. I did take a step backwards away from Embry, his fingers sliding off my shoulders. "You said you were going home," he was watching me closely, too closely. "I did." The ever familiar sensation of nervousness hit me whenever someone stared at me like Embry was doing. I wrapped my hands across my arms, only remembering the plastic bag I held when it crinkled against my cardigan. I let my hands back down to my sides as I told him, "I had to come back here and do something." "Did you forget something?" Embry glanced at my hands, empty except for the bag. I wasn't going to pollute the ocean with plastic. I pressed the plastic together until all the air was out of it, zipping it back up and rolling it up. "I had to say good-bye," I whispered. I didn't have any pockets to put the bag into. Embry took the bag from me and folded it, putting it into his pants pocket. "Good-bye?" he lifted his brows in query. I worried at my bottom lip as I thought about the boy standing in front of me. Embry was nice boy. He wasn't intense like Edward, and he wasn't as eager to please as Jacob. I missed both of them in that moment, but neither of them was here right now. Embry was here and I felt I could talk to him. We sat on the bluffs for the remainder of the afternoon. I talked about things I hadn't been able to speak of in a long time. I talked about Edward, Jacob, Charlie and everything. He told me more about imprinting and what to expect from my best friend in the next few weeks. We talked about the possibility of his imprinting and he shied away from a lot of my questions during that conversation. As the afternoon sun dropped towards the waves, I leaned back on my hands, ignoring the rocks digging into my palms. Or I tried to. Embry noticed my discomfort and suggested we head back down off the cliffs. We piled into my truck once more. "Clearwaters?" I inquired. Embry shook his head, his short brown hair fluffing out around his ears. I noticed it was getting a bit shaggier than some of the other pack members while we talked. "My house," he said. "The reception's probably already over." When I stopped in front of Embry's house, my truck lurching to a halt again, I couldn't help the words escape, "I'm sorry about the bumpy ride." Embry grinned at me. "A ride is a ride, even if it's as slow as this old thing." "This old thing does right by me," I argued back in favor of my favorite (only) vehicle. Embry hopped out and closed the door. Leaning in the open window he said, "You know Bella, just because Jake's going to be tied up by Leah for the next few weeks-" I laughed at that remark because Embry was being utterly serious. Apparently Leah was a very dominant personality, something we had talked about at the cliffs. Now that she was imprinted on Jacob, fireworks were exploding left and right. Billy had a theory about a dominant Alpha pair. Paul and Embry had a bet going as to who would tear into each other first. I sincerely hoped neither of them won that bet. "Anyways," Embry continued. "If you want to hang out with me sometime, you know you're always welcome to visit down here. My house is your house. Just don't forget to bring food to feed the wild animals. And Paul." I was laughing as I pulled away from his house, promising to return to see him soon. And I meant it.