not like what I saw." Aro said as he looked at us. "what did you see brother?" Caius asked. "how can she be so strong through all of that?" Edward smirked. "she isn't an ordinary women. but I guess I can answer by saying she doesn't like to known as weak." Aro looked at him. "hold hands everyone." we did what he said and then it hit me, I saw what Aro had seen what he saw from Leah everything. I didn't even know someone of these. I never knew she was raped and I never knew more than half of these things I didn't know anything. he stopped showing us what he saw and I fell to my knees and began shaking as jasper calmed me down so I couldn't phase nor would he even let me phase. "I take it you two wolves didn't some of these. and neither did the rest of you." Edward looked like he saw a ghost, Caius was being held by Marcus because Caius wanted to lunge at Sam's throat and find the two guys who raped her. Jacob was also being claimed by jasper and couldn't phase either. "she never said anything and she blocked everything from us." Jacob said "she is more stronger than I thought." Edward had said. ~Aro~ I looked at everyone "since Leah has imprinted on Caius she will be in Italy with us and Caius will be her guard." "what." he yelled as I looked at him and smiled. "brother." I said as he calmed down and silently agreed "Jane." I softly shouted out as she came in the room "child how is Leah." she rushed out and back to us. "she is still sleeping. she seem to stop healing herself." Caius left the room as he heard that and we all headed into the room where Leah is only to find she was healing herself. "it appears if she can't sense Caius she stops." rose said as Caius just stood there growling at her sleeping body. I smiled a little as Leah turned her head towards him. "she can sense Caius is here." Edwards said as he sat down next to Alice. "her wolf is recovering and trying to become one hundred percent in her health, but because she had imprinted on the last minute it needs more than just knowing she imprinted she needs to sense he is with her." Carlisle packed up everything as Alice packed clothes and girl whatever they do with those blasted things. everyone packed as I told everyone rename will live and that everyone can go home in peace without the worry of us coming after them. I lost my interest on them as I had a new interest to see about Caius and how this imprinting will be. Before everyone left they gave Leah a small kiss on the forehead and a card to remember them by and that they will visit the Cullen's and to make sure that they visit them as well and informed them to let them know how Leah was doing. the wolves decided to stay me being a little annoyed with it I shrugged it off. "she is not going to Italy with anyone of you, she is coming home." Sam yelled out as Caius pinned him to the wall. "shut your filthy mouth you mutt. you have no say in the matter you think I don't know what you did to her. say one more word and I will rip your thought and shove it up your ass and I will scar your other side of your fiancé face for you, not to mention I enjoy fur and I would love to use you're black fur as my rug on the floor along with the other collections of pelts I have in my room. would you like that?" Sam looked scared as I chuckled in delight. Caius carefully lifted Leah's body as he held her and the Cullen's followed driving their car to our hotel where everyone gathered their things as we reached to our private jets. Caius did not let her go holding her the entire time we realized she was healing a lot faster as she woke up blushing that she was in his arms. she had enough strength to drink and to eat. she curled up closer as she could onto Caius and fell back asleep healing at a faster rate. As we finally reached home Leah would walk on her own to two feet as she clung onto rose. Anthanodora ran up to Caius giving him a hug and a kiss telling him how much she missed him. I saw sadness in Leah's eyes as she continued walking away from the scene as Edward tell her that is his wife. I know brother refuses to be imprinted by her so he is fighting it but I will see how long he will fight it. ~Leah~ I am rejuvenated, sad that Caius has a wife but it is expected since he is three thousand years old I mean come on of course he has a wife. being in Italy for a week my hair is still white and when I shift I am no longer a grey wolf, my fur is white as snow as Felix joke around telling me I will soon be having my fur hang on Caius wall. I rolled my eyes and tackled him as everyone got along. and the boys were playing video games in the game room seeing who was better in killing people on halo. I haven't seen Caius and when I was looking for him I ended up hearing him fucking his wife and I ran away crying that Aro had to calm me down. I may have imprinted on my enemy and my enemy doesn't love me yup so I saved by the last minute now I have to deal with this. CRAP, I liked it better when I was dead.