Bronze boy said. "Before I answer that can you tell me your names?" I asked them. They told me their names one by one. "So are you going to tell us why you don't smell like werewolf?" Edward said again to me. I was sitting next to Jasper and he was looking at me. "I really don't know how I do it. I guess I think about it and I smell like a human." I said cause it's the truth. I really have no clue how I do it and the same goes with Blood he don't know how we do this. We thought it was our magic but when we tried it. It didn't work so we just forgot about it. "Dante was it?" Jasper asked me. "Yes." I said. "How is a werewolf and a vampire is a team?" Jasper asked me. "While you should know since your teamed up with the La Push wolfs." I said. "So how long have you been werewolf?" Nessie said to me. "I was born a werewolf little one." I said to her. She giggled across the table. Jacob wouldn't let her get near me. "So why are you helping out Blood for?" Carlisle asked me. "We are very close. I would die for Blood." I said and they looked at me. "A werewolf willing to die for a vampire. Now I have seen everything." Jasper said. "Not all werewolfs are bad. Like there are good vampires and bad vampires." I said to them softly as my stomach started growl loudly and every one looked at me. My tan face got really red. Then Esme jumped up. "I'm so sorry dear I forgot." Esme said. "Its ok Esme. If you guys have deer around I just go hunting. Beside I eat more then my weight in food every day." I said in a low voice. Esme smiled at me. "I don't mind cooking Dante." She said. "Its fine Esme I haven't been hunting in years." I said as I got up. "That is if its ok with you guys. I don't want to hunt in your territory if you don't want me to. I can always goes some where else." I said starting to feel like I'm not welcome. Jasper was looking at me like he knew what I was feeling. No one spoke so slowly left the room. I headed for my bike when my phone started to vibrate. "Hello?" I said as I answered it. Dante we finished the mission. Ready for what to do next. Came Ryan's voice. I looked around me. "Good stay there and I be there in while. Tell the others to wait till I get there." I said in my alpha voice. Ok Dante see you soon and be careful. There is a lot of V's and WW's around here. Ryan said with a worry growl. I chuckled softy before I spoke again. "Its ok Ryan I know and don't worry I be there soon." I said before I hanged up. The door opened and Jasper stood there. "You sound like a Major talking to your soldiers." He said to me. "I'm no Major." I said to him and he smiled at me. "I'm a General." I said and his eyes got wide. "I was a Major back a war. But I never thought I meet a General werewolf." Jasper said. There was something in his voice make me want to run. I took a deep breath and knew why he was doing this. "If you think I have a army to fight your family. They are the very few werewolfs left since your kind started to wipe them out. I have a few safe places for them. One of them is near here. No human is at risk. There is a barrier around it so no can get in with out the password. The wolfs cant leave in their wolf form only in their human form." I said to him. "Before you left you were feeling like you don't belong why do you think that?" He said with a little bet of sadness in his voice. Which shocked the hell out of me. "Unlike Blood I never found anyone that really trusted me. When they see what I can do they see a monster. The wolfs I save or make see me like that as while. But what I do is for a reason. They are made to be a werewolf. Like some human are meant to be vampires. I'm a lone wolf. Every since I was a pup I never belonged anywhere. Blood is the only one that doesn't mind me around. But that was in the past. Now we are just friends I guess you can say. Are bound isn't as strong as it use to be." I said softly and slowly. Trying not to cry. Its been a few thousand year since I shed tears. "We don't judge until we get to know you." Jasper said. It was true but not for me. They saw what I did to Jacob and they don't want me near them. "If you say so Jasper. But I really have to go now. Its not a good thing for werewolf to go a few days with out food. A week is bad." I said as I got on my bike and took off before he could say anything. Hey how do you like it so far? Let me know what you think. The more reviews I get the faster the next chapter comes up. Even if its just one the be coming sooner then the others. So if you want more then please review. If not its just going to take a little longer for me to post the next one. The story's that get reviews gets a faster update if not. I try to update them at lest once a week if I can. Sorry if that's too long. Review=More Chapters ! ! !