to notice her devoted attention and stands taller. She looks up at his face and reddens even more when she realizes that he saw the way she'd been watching him. A soft smile lifts the edges of his lips until he sees her bite her lip. When her tongue soothes the sting, his eyes suddenly darken and become hooded with desire. There is something predatory in his gaze as he stalks her on the bed and resumes his previous caresses on her burning body. This time, he doesn't stop, and his hands relieve her of her jeans and panties, leaving her completely naked before him. Apprehension takes over her and she lifts her arms to cover her flawed body. He stops her and drives her arms above her head, keeping them there with one of his own, while the other reaches low and starts to massage the small patch of hair hiding her womanhood. Her body convulses as he goes even further, and her back arches off the bed when he touches her clitoris. He starts to draw small circles, making her blood boil and her hips rise to meet his fingers. A cloud of lust covers her, and her panting breaths turn violent when she feels his fingers inside her as she reaches her climax. Slowly coming down from the clouds, she feels him settle above her and his manhood touches her folds. He kisses her on the lips and his voice is strained when he speaks. "This is going to... Bella, I don't want to hurt you. Promise me you'll stop me if it hurts too much." She touches his sweaty face as he tries to restrain himself. "I want to feel you inside me. Please, Edward!" He slowly starts to push forward but has to stop because the sensation of her tight warmth is too much for his wavering control. Deep breaths and her small hands touching him give him courage, and he moves a bit more, until he meets the resistance of her virginity. His breathing is labored. His hands clutch the sheets and his lips search hers as he surges forward. He finds himself buried to the hilt inside her. He feels her body go rigid and holds completely still to give her time to get over the pain and to adjust to him. The urge to move is driving him insane. Her warmth envelops him, and her tight walls grip him, making him want to consume her. She moves under him, and he pleads through gritted teeth. "Bella, please don't move... Oh God, Bella. I don't want to hurt you, please..." She moves again, causing him to lose his grip on sanity, and he starts moving in and out of her in an agonized, slow pace, trying to take it easy on her. She makes it difficult on him with the way she moves under him and moans and arches her back, meeting his hips with her own while mumbling sweet words in his ears, driving him crazy. His pace quickly picks up and his grunts are echoing in the room, joining hers. He's close, so close, but he wants to take her with him, so he sits back on his legs and drags her up. He finds her soft spot and caresses it with his thumb until her inner muscles squeeze him and she screams as she comes all around him, drawing his climax as well. His final thrusts drive her into the bed with their force as he empties inside her. Their breaths are ragged and shallow as they come down from their peak. Hands and lips roam, caressing every surface they can reach. Bella is so overwhelmed by the perfection of their union that she can't help the tears that escape her eyelids and roll down her cheeks. When he feels them on his lips, he suddenly grows rigid and internally curses himself for his stupidity. Of course, she must loathe him now! He took her virginity and caused her pain because he is a selfish creature who can't control himself. He will lose her now, for that he's sure. Biting his lip hard enough to draw blood, he lifts up and starts getting dressed. He's certain she won't want to even look at him right now. He's too ashamed of himself to look her in the eyes, so he keeps his head down and mumbles an apology before leaving her bedroom. Bella is too stunned to react. In just a few seconds' time she went from blissful to confused to utterly mortified when she realizes that Edward regrets making love to her. I shouldn't have pushed him , she thinks. Now I'm going to lose my best friend . Her pussy hurts, but it's nothing compared to the pain that gnaws at her heart. "How am I going to face him again? Oh my God, what have I done?" she cries. Her eyes brim with tears that trickle down her cheeks and fall like little raindrops into her lap. The smell of their sex permeates the room and it makes her nauseous. She wishes she never asked him to make love to her. They would be friends still. He wouldn't have left her as he did just now. But somewhere deep down, she can't help but feel grateful that her first time was with him, and that it was so wonderful. When the initial pain passed, she felt things she had never felt before and isn't sure that she will feel ever again. Her heart stutters when she remembers his face when he came inside of her. That painful pleasure that she had felt only moments before was etched on his face. He had never been more beautiful to her than he was at that moment, and she's going to keep it locked in her heart and mind so that she will never forget it. . A/N: Hi! So, this is my story. I hope you enjoy it. Love, Kallie