when her knee made contact with my groin. "Fuck! Are you crazy?" I let her go and regretted it immediately because she went to the water again. I grabbed her wrist and pulled her down and into the sand. I couldn't let her go to the water again and I had to find a way to immobilise her. I lay down on top of her and noticed she had started crying. "Don't cry, please." I asked softly. I did think she was a harpy but I had no pleasure watching her pain. "Why can't I just disappear? I'm worthless. Everyone would be better off without me." "Leah…You're not worthless, you're a protector. You have a mission…Just don't give up." "No one needs me." "That's not true. I need you." I lied. "What for?" "I need you to be my second in command." I blurted out the first thing that came to my mind. "Will you be my beta?" She looked directly into my eyes and a small smile appeared in her pink lips. "Really? What about Sam?" She asked. "Never mind Sam. I'm asking you." "You want me to be your beta?" She repeated. "Yes. I think you're perfect for the job. That way you can show the guys your leading qualities." "I have qualities?" I nodded and it was then I became aware of how close we really were. I was lying on top of her, my hands were holding both of her wrists on each side of her head and my legs were straddling her so she couldn't move. Our noses were almost touching and I couldn't help to think about how good it was to feel her naked body pressed up against mine. Suddenly I felt really hot and I looked at her eyes. I could kiss her to see how she tasted like, I could even try to feel her body. I would blame it on the alcohol and my hormones later but then again that wouldn't be such a smart move. I didn't want to take advantage on her. She was drunk and I had just lost the girl of my dreams. I wanted my first time to be with someone who loved me even though I didn't mind if she had a gorgeous body like Leah's and those beautiful hazel eyes. "Jacob…" She whispered sending a shiver down my spine. I never thought her voice would have that effect on me. "Your belt is hurting me." My belt? I was pretty sure it wasn't my belt she was feeling. I felt my face heating up and prayed she wouldn't notice. She would never let me live down to it and even worse, the whole pack would know. A few seconds went by and I made no effort to move or let her go. I was still considering the idea of kissing her besides if I got up I would have a clear view to her naked body and my "belt" could reveal himself to Leah. "Do you want to seal the deal?" She asked and I was momentarily confused. Was she making me a sexual offer? Because I was tempted to say yes. "What deal?" I asked stupidly. "The beta thing…You're not changing your mind, are you?" I shook my head no and sighed in relief. "How are we going to seal the deal?" She bit her bottom lip, which made my "belt" wake up again, and smiled. God she was killing me. Literally. "I'll cook you breakfast tomorrow." She offered. Was she really being nice to me? That was a first. "Breakfast? In bed?" "If you want to. But I'm not sleeping with you. You're not my type." "You're not my type either." I said immediately feeling a bit self-conscious about our situation and then I finally got up. What I was feeling for her was wrong in too many levels. I had to put myself together and fight off this stupid and wild attraction. Wolf hormones sucked big time. "Really? Well your belt doesn't agree with your words." She grinned mischievously. I went to pick up her dress to hide my embarrassment and she followed me. "Don't worry Jake…I guess that's just a normal and healthy human…and manly reaction." She said still amused. "Unless…" Her voice dropped. "Just shut up Leah." "Were you thinking about Bella?" I faced her with a fierce expression but she wasn't scared. "What if I was?" I retorted and she looked a bit disappointed. "Forget it…You're just an idiot. Bella is not even a real woman anymore. Just move on…asshole." She ripped the dress out of my hands and put it on quickly. Now I was the one disappointed. Me and my "belt". Leah should walk around naked more often. "Don't forget about my breakfast tomorrow." I told her while she was walking away. "Don't worry…I won't." She replied and for some reason I felt a chill. As far as I knew Leah could cook but the way she had spoken made me wonder. Maybe she was planning on poisoning me? I shook my head to erase those thoughts and lay down again on the sand. I took a deep breath and closed my eyes. I was tired. Not physically but mentally and emotionally. As I drifted off to sleep all I could think about wasn't Bella, Edward and their honeymoon. I just kept wondering why I hadn't thought about Bella when I was with Leah? I had non-innocent fantasies with Bella often but now…something had changed. I could feel it in my bones. I just couldn't understand why I had let Bella be replaced so quickly and on top of it by none other than Leah Clearwater…La Push's bitter harpy and my soon to be beta. She would make my life miserable. What the hell was I thinking? "Shit." I mumbled just before falling asleep. To be continued... A/Note 2: Dedicated to all the Blackwater fans out there! Have a happy New Year! Take care, Karisan