people and make them do what ya want?" I said to her. "Yep and the best part is I can do as many as they in my eye sight." Taya said with a smile. "Yer something else lil lady." I said as I pulled her up and kissed her. The pup went back into the shadows. I really want to take her now. "What is ya powers?" Taya said as she moved back. I looked at my girl. "I have the ability to both feel and manipulate the emotion of those around me. I can feel what ya are feeling right now." I said to her. "I had the feeling ya can feel what I'm feeling. Are ya making me feel like this for ya?" She asked me. "Nope I want to know what ya really feeling about me." I said to her. "Good cause I feel dig ya Jazz." Taya said before she reached up to kiss me. I smiled at her as I put my arms around her. "I like ya to Taya but I have to get back to the house. I will see ya at school tomorrow." I said in a sad voice. Taya put her warm hand on the said of my face with a smile. "I see ya tomorrow at lunch if ya wanted to sit with me." She said before she gave me on last kiss. Then walked me out and I headed for the out side of town. Once I walked into the woods. From there I took off running to the house. Alice was waiting for me out side the house. She is pissed off and sad at the same time. I saw she had papers in her shacking hand. "What is that Alice?" I asked her. "I saw what you did and what you want. I been waiting for this." She said softly as she handed me the papers. They are divorces papers. She sign them all I need to do is sign them. "Thank ya Alice." I said and she looked at me with hatred. "Yea and why are you dressed like a redneck?" The pixy said. Tell her to go fuck her self! The Major said to me. " Cause this is how I like to dress Alice. Ya changed me into something I don't like." I said before I walked into the house. I went to Alice's room to pack what little I had. Then I walked down to the living room. Carlisle looked at me so did Edward. "Your leaving?" Esme said with sadness coming off her. "I don't think ya would want me here after I go back to how I was." I said to them. They all looked at me. "Its that girl you went to see. Is making you do this." Rosalie said with a growl. "Taya isn't making me do anything. She made me see that we aren't monsters of what we do. I know ya wouldn't understand." I said to them. "What did she say?" Carlisle asked me. "Taya said Think of the humans as plants and the world is a garden. If ya don't prune them they will over grow and kill the other plants. Humans are the plants and we are the pruners. Some of use just kill any one that looks good. Others will be picky like her." I said. Carlisle didn't like that. "Who does she hunt?" Edward asked me. "She hunts dregs of society like murders, drug addict and rapists. Those who don't deserve to live. The life's they throw away for evil." I said to them. "How does she know who is like that?" Emmett said. I didn't want to tell them about wolf cause then I have to tell them about the Major. "Sorry if ya want to know then ya have to talk to her." I said. "Where are you going to go?" Esme said as she wanted to cry. I don't understand why she is feeling like this for. "Cause she loves you like own of her own." Edward said and they looked at me. "I will go and find a place. Then help Taya find a home before I fine my self one." I said to them. "Where does she hunt at?" Carlisle asked me. Seattle. The Major said. How do ya know that? I asked him. The bound we share. I tell ya more about it later. He said to me. Edward looked at me. "She hunts in Seattle far from here." I said to them. "Will if she like she can come and stay with us." Carlisle said. I looked at him. "Ya don't have room for her or me. We be ok on our own. I don't think she will move." I said. "Why do you say that?" Alice said. I didn't look at her. "Cause she said there is something bad going to happen. I don't know what she knows but she wont say." I said to them. "How do you know she is telling the truth?" Alice said. "Cause I know my true mate wont lie to me." I said to her. Then hurt came off her. She lied to me telling me I was her true mate but it was a lie. The others besides Edward was looking at us. "Will bring her home tomorrow and we can talk." Carlisle said. "Ok I see you tomorrow." I said as I turned my back and walked out of the house. I felt Esme sadness as I left the house. I went to the same motel and got a room. They gave me room 14. Next to Taya's room. I left her alone so she can have time to her self. I laid down on the bed and turned on the TV. I could hear Taya watching TV and by the sounds of scratching I was hearing. She was doing her homework or writing something else. I couldn't wait to go to school in a few hours.