driving was quite spectacular. It almost made me ask him if I could give it a try. I had my driver's license taken three months ago but I was sure he wouldn't allow me to so I kept quiet. "So… Boo… How's Arizona?" Harry asked, trying to keep up with Will's speed. I shrugged. "Fine, I guess…" I knew Harry wasn't really interested in my academic life. He was just trying to have a conversation. "I've heard you might become a teacher soon." "Who told you?" Harry looked at me and smiled. "Sarah." I answered for him. She was the only one I had told. "It should be a secret." "Why?" "Because I haven't decided yet." "It's a great opportunity. How many eighteen year old university teachers do you know?" "There are other things besides teaching I'd like to do." "You can do anything, Boo. You could work for NASA, if you wanted to." I didn't know if he was mocking me or not. "What about a girlfriend? Have you met anyone special?" "No." I simply said. The twins were popular, good-looking, and had already a legion of fans as it was expected considering their occupation. They could have all the girls they wanted to with little effort. Girls loved tall, muscular guys. This was yet another thing that set us apart. They were good with girls, I was not. Guys like me, didn't have a chance though I'd learned recently that a few of my classmates found me attractive. I did share a few physical resemblances with the twins and our father, but my personality was not what girls liked. I would rather stay in the library than going to a party, and I was too shy to ask a girl out. Basically I was boring. "You change gears too soon." I told him trying to change the subject. "That's why Will always beats you." He looked at me surprised and a little upset but then he laughed. "I knew it was a good idea to have you as my co-pilot. Let's see if you're right." Harry hit the gas and as the car closed in on Will's, I felt the five slices of pizza I had ate just a few minutes ago coming up my throat. "Harry… slow down, you're going to kill us." I asked. I was feeling sick. "You were right, Boo! I've just passed Will." "I'm going to throw up! Stop the car!" As Harry hit the brakes I felt dizzy and I only had time to open the door and watch the contents of my stomach all over the asphalt. "You're such a girl." Harry complained stepping out of the car. "Make sure you don't mess my car." "What the hell was that Harry?" William shouted parking his car beside Harry's. "You know the rules. We can't drive over 210." "I got a little carried away." Harry apologized. Sarah and JJ came to my side to see what was wrong with me. "You're such a girl." Will copied Harry's words as I cleaned myself after throwing up. "Are you okay?" Sarah asked me placing a hand on my shoulder. "I'm fine." I felt ashamed for throwing up like that, especially in front of the twins. On our way back to the Reservation, JJ sat with me on the back seat of Harry's car and fell asleep as we were reaching La Push's main road. Fortunately tomorrow he wouldn't have to get up early for school since it was Saturday. William let Sarah drive his car so they arrived a few minutes after us. "I'll take JJ." Harry offered. "I'm sorry I made you throw up." He whispered while he took our brother out of the car. As the five of us entered the living room, the light was turned on and our mother came into view. "I hope you have a good explanation." Mum stated. "It was Boo's fault. He wanted us to show him our new cars. He drove us back home, smashed my car into a tree and JJ hit his head on the window and blacked out…" I couldn't believe he was putting the blames on me. But then again it was typical of Will. Before I could open my mouth to defend myself my mother spoke. "Shut up William. Your car isn't smashed up, JJ is sleeping and Isaac wouldn't do that." Will grinned. "You should see your face Boo." He laughed at me. "So… where's the old man?" Harry asked still carrying a sleeping JJ. "What old man?" Our father walked down the stairs, and stood behind the twins with his arms crossed over his chest. Will's grin disappeared from his face and Harry turned around slowly to face Dad. "I hope you weren't talking about me." Harry tried to conceal his embarrassment. Dad kissed Sarah's forehead and then he took JJ out of Harry's arms, taking him over to Mum. "I think it's past bed time." He said, looking at Sarah, who excused herself and went upstairs. Mum followed her carrying JJ. The twins were about to go upstairs too but Dad put himself in front of them. "We have to unpack." Harry said. "Really? I think unpacking can wait. Let's go outside boys." He ordered. "Shit." Cursed Will. "You and your big mouth. We're going to get our asses kicked again." He complained darkly. Both of them left, dragging his feet along the way. Dad followed close behind. "You know where your room is, right?" He asked me, not bothering to turn around and face me. I've never felt more invisible. "Good night Isaac." He closed the door behind and I heard him praising the twins' new cars as the three of them walked into the woods together. "Good night Dad." I muttered going to my room. A/Note 4: This story has been in the limbo for almost a year. Right now I'm not even sure if I should've posted it. But I'll give it a try.