before realising that I should probably elaborate and show her that I did actually have an extensive vocabulary. "This is my first time out of the United States." Rosalie looked up at my admission and left the kitchen carrying a plate of what appeared to be cookies. "Really? It takes a lot of courage to travel to a foreign place on your own, even when you've travelled before." She held the plate out to me. I took something that looked like and oatmeal cookie covered in chocolate and nodded in thanks. "Oh, I've travelled before and I've lived away from home when I went to College," I replied, as she returned to the kitchen. The look she gave me as she took out two attractive white mugs made me want to share more. "But, yes, this is . . . different." She seemed to consider me for a moment and I had a feeling that Angela had told her some things, but not everything . "Hmmm . . . milk, sugar?" "Just milk, please." I gave my practised response, suppressing the memories it tried to bring to the surface by trying to steer the conversation in a new direction – a direction that would also help me learn about my host. "So, you're a professional cellist?" She smiled at me, before picking up the two cups and moving to place them on the coffee table in front of me. "Yes – you know you should try dunking your biscuit in your tea," she added, indicating to the biscuit, who's chocolate had started melting against my fingers, before sitting beside me. Biscuit? Is that what they call cookies here? I did as she said and was quite pleased with the result when I tasted it. "It's good, isn't it?" I nodded. "Do you play in an orchestra? Teach?" "All of the above," she grinned, then took a sip of her tea. "Angela told me that you work for the same law firm." Rosalie seemed to be keen to steer the conversation back towards me. "Not for the next year," I answered, a hint of bitterness entering my tone. "Angela's quite persuasive, isn't she?" I'd known the woman barely ten minutes and she'd already begun to read me like a book. Perhaps Angela had told her more than I'd thought. "You could say that," I said after a slight hesitation. Rosalie offered a knowing grin over the rim of her mug. "She tells me that you're quite the lawyer." I scoffed. "I'm not so sure about that." "Why?" I placed my mug on the table and ran a hand through my hair, considering how much to give away. I could tell that Rosalie was carefully trying to chip away at my shield. "Well, I recently provided a poor defence for the "Let Bella stay in Seattle" case." Melodious laughter affirmed that Rosalie was a musician. She placed her mug on the table next to mine and glanced at the clock, before meeting my eyes, seemingly intent on conveying a message. "Perhaps you need to start thinking of this as a getaway, rather than a get away ." The heaviness in my chest descended to my stomach and I felt my jaw tense as I tried to contain my emotions. Rosalie seemed pleased with herself as she stood and took her mug to the kitchen sink. "I'm afraid that I have go away for a bit, Bella. I've got a rehearsal from four till six. It might give you some time to rest, have a shower . . ." I swallowed, trying to regain my voice. "Mhmm." Rosalie continued talking as she moved to place her cello in a large, blue, hard case. "Make yourself at home, okay? There's plenty of food in the pantry and fridge. If you follow me, I'll quickly show you your room and the bathroom." The theme of the lounge area was easily carried through to the bedroom. My room was small, but neat, immaculate and welcoming. I thanked Rosalie as she left me alone in her apartment without showing an inch of concern, and, for the second time that day, I found myself confronted. Rosalie's trust in me – someone who she barely knew – but, more essentially, her faith in her cousin's judgement, made my total lack of trust all the more obvious to myself. I mulled over this as I washed off the aches and grime of my travels in the amazing rain head shower. It didn't take long for my own tears to meld with the droplets from the shower, mourning the person who I used to be. He took a piece of you with him. You need to get it back. My shower finished, I entered my room with a new resolution. Quickly finding my cell phone, I perched myself on the edge of the bed and tentatively found his number. After a few shaky breaths, and with some even shakier hand movements, I initiated the call and held my breath waiting for an answer. I got a message. " Hey, this is Jacob Black. I'm tied up with something right now, but leave your name and phone number and I promise that I'll get back to you . . ." I didn't wait for the beep. I ended it. You were always shit at keeping promises . . . Sliding under the covers, angry at myself for making a call that I knew he wouldn't answer, I wasn't surprised when tears traced salty paths down my cheeks. My chest tightening, I gasped for air as I cocooned myself deeper beneath the sheets, hoping that, by some miracle, I might one day be able to wake up, break free and fly away to a new life. A/N: This is something that popped into my head the other day and I had to get it down. I'm keen to continue it, but only if people are intrigued. Would appreciate knowing what you think. Karry.