minutes of moping, she got up and called her friend Angela over to her house, needing some company. And on a whim, she also called Tony, a guy friend because she needed some guy company as well. The thing was, Tony was gay so she didn't have to worry about him hitting on her, not that he didn't still but she knew he wasn't serious because he had Miguel, his boyfriend. When they arrived, Bella invited them in and told them her plan. She was going to bake until she felt better and when she felt better she was going to drop off a plate of cookies as a offering to Jake. Angela 'oohed' and Tony grinned knowing it would at least soften this Jake up. At the end of her baking fest, Bella, Angela, and Tony had managed to bake two cakes, one pie, 10 batches of cookies of twenty each, one plate of brownies, and five dozen cupcakes all in three hours. She felt very proud of herself. Tony pulled her outside on the porch while they were cleaning up all the pots and pans. The look in his eyes said that he meant business. "Bella, honey, this Jake guy must mean a lot to you if you'd go through all this trouble for him. What's the situation?" he asked. Bella's eyes welled up with tears. "Can I tell you the truth?" Tony nodded. "I've never told anyone this. I'm in love with Jake. I have been for a long time but never told because he either played it off as a joke and didn't get it or he was dating my best friend. It's just I'm in love with him and I can't help it and I can't do anything about it. He's in love with Shelby and he's only ever thought of me as anything but his best friend and if he doesn't feel the same I'm going to explode and I can't even be mad at him for not caring. I mean how could anyone love me? I'm pathetic. Here I am, almost a grown-woman and I'm bawling like a three year old. I can't help it. I'm in love with Jacob Black and he doesn't even care!" I vented, bawling my eyes out. I wasn't angry at Jake, just frustrated that I couldn't have him. "Who says I don't care?" Jake's voice rang out. I gasped and whipped around. There he stood, looking like a male model in a tight black shirt and dark washed jeans, his longer hair whipping in the breeze. He had an awe-struck look on his face. "You love me?" he asked, stepping toward them. "Yeah, she's been in love with ya in case you didn't hear," Tony joked. "And I see why. You didn't tell me your Jake was this easy on the eyes. Why haven't you jumped his bones yet? I know I would've!" Bella laughed at Tony's antics. He laughed with her but he was quite serious. "You really and truly love me?" Jacob asked her, taking another step towards them. Tony nudged Bella on the shoulder with his elbow and went inside to help Angela. "Yeah, Jake. I have been since you built those motorcycles with me. It's hard not to fall in love when the man who not only saved you from your deep depression but also has always been there for you. I'm sorry if it causes an inconvenience with you and Shelby. Speaking of which, why are you here?" Bella said. Jacob looked down at his shoes, a sheepish look crossing his face as well as an angry one."You see, Bells, you were right. I'm sorry that I didn't listen to you and had to find out the hard way," he said not looking at her. Bella was appalled and said,"Don't tell me you..." she couldn't continue. "Caught her in the act? Yeah I did. Clayton Fleming had my girlfriend attached to his face when I walked in. Not only is she dumped but she's humiliated," Jacob explained. "Please, Bells, forgive me for not listening and for sending you away. I'll do anything if you'd just forgive me," he begged. Bella pretended to think about it, knowing that she'd forgiven him the moment she'd seen him in front of her porch. "I guess... if you promise never to do it again," Bella said, trying not to laugh at his stricken expression. His face soon changed to relief and he bounded up the three steps and caught her small body in a bear hug that squeezed all the air out of her body. But she didn't complain because she was enjoying the feel of him too much to do anything. Then he did something Bella did not expect. He grabbed her face with both hands and tenderly pressed his lips to hers. Bella melted into him and just stayed there, too joyous to do anything. He pressed his lips firmer to hers and caressed them with his own. She them responded and kissed him back. He wrapped his large warm arms around her more tightly and kissed her deeper, their lips moving in harmony. Bella's soul was singing and her heart pounding. Her lungs, on the other hand, were not so happy. They demanded she breathe so Bella had to break away to take a quick breath but Jake's lips chased her own and met them again. In that moment, Bella would've died a very happy woman. She melted further into his embrace and broke away to rest her head against his chest. He buried his face in the crook of her neck and breathed for a moment as well. And then he rocked her world with five words she thought she would never hear pass his lips to her ears. "I love you, too, Bella." OMG I love you's are said, finally! The longest one-shot Ive ever written... Please review and show me a little love. I need it. Please... KAT OUT =^-^=