but there was stuff that I would change if given the chance. I have dark brown hair, the blonde streaks running wildly through it were natural, thanks to my Polynesian heritage. I have almond shaped, green eyes and plump lips, my skin is a beautiful sun kissed tan that last all year round, even through all of the rain here in Washington. I also can thank my Hawaiian heritage for my curvy body, that comes straight from my mom's side of the family. My dad gave me my high cheekbones, straight nose, and all of my non physical attributes, like my artistry and my shy nature. He was Nez Perce. I catch a glimpse of my tattoo while thinking about my dad's tribe, this makes me smile. He would have been so proud to see me wear a tribal tattoo on my skin, I also think of how disappointed my mother would be to know that I had gotten a tribal piece done before a Polynesian piece. My two nationalities clashed with one another in this way, my mom and dad were always feuding about what legend they were going to teach us first. It always made for an entertaining home life. I walk out of the bathroom and throw on some clothes before settling down on the couch for the night. I was surprised to see that it was ten o'clock already, it had taken me ten whole hours at the shop. Poor Perry, he probably was at his house having Lainey ice his hands. That was a lot of tattooing for one day. I yawn widely and fluff the pillows on the couch as I lay down, flipping the TV on and changing it to the History Channel. A documentary about the Hawaiian Islands is on, so I cuddle up with my blankets to watch but before I knew it I was fast asleep. :X: Paul is in my dreams. I recognize his face easily as I walk through the woods towards him, he is standing on the highest cliff that runs alongside the highway. I can feel panic building in my chest as he looks at me, his face is stony and I can sense that he's blocking me out but I feel… I feel like my mind and body need to be connected to him. I run to close the gap between up but I'm stopped by a chorus of growls, I'm surrounded by a pack of large wolves with bared teeth and their hair stands on end. I hold my hands up in surrender, my heart pattering against my chest painfully as I fight the urge to run through the hostile pack wolves and press my body against Paul. I'm not afraid of these giant creatures, I just wanted to feel him surrounding me, his hard, toned body holding me tightly in his arms. I want to feel his lips on mine as we share the passion that I feel smouldering between us. The pack of wolves, there has to be at least seven of them, still bare their teeth but despite their demeanor, I can feel myself walking toward Paul. His dark eyes are wide with concern as he watches me edge closer to him, the wolves get more aggressive, I can now feel their hot breath on my body, they're huge, standing eye to eye with me. " Kai," Paul says calmly and extends his hand, the look on his face is now that of pure joy as the wolves gather my scent and lick the bare skin on my arms and legs. My panic and apprehension dissipate, in their place, a sense of pride and something that I can't identify. It was like fire was coursing through my veins as I close the gap between us. We are finally face to face, I can feel his warmth washing over me as we stand there, staring into each other's eyes. " Paul… I don't understand-" I begin but he shakes his head and holds a finger up against my mouth to silence me, " You don't have to explain," he says, his voice dropping deeper, making the hair on my arms stand on end. I'm distracted by his finger which is still pressing firmly against my lips, the urge to taste him makes my mouth water. What a weird reaction. He finally drops his finger from my mouth and I feel disappointed that the contact has been lost, my body starts to hum with the need to touch him again. I am reminded that we are in the woods by the wolves that are now laying on the ground, watching us. " Are you scared?" Paul's voice startles me as I look up at him, I frown as I recognize the question. He had asked me that earlier, when we heard wolves at the shop. I immediately shake my head no and Paul exhales heavily, looking relieved. " Good," he says and plunges his hands into my hair before descending his lips on mine, roughly pulling me toward him. As I feel his tongue sweep over my bottom lip, asking for permission to deepen the kiss, I feel my body and mind go blank. All I feel is his hands running up and down my body, feeling every part of me that I needed him to touch. My blood boils and my heart is nearly jumping out of my chest as Paul's rough hands travel down my body and then back up, brushing the side of my breasts. I gasp as we break our kiss, I lay my head on his shoulder as I'm overwhelmed with the need to slip my hands underneath his shirt and explore his body. The image of my dream starts to fade as we resume kissing again, Paul roughly grabs my jaw and presses his lips against mine with urgency. I try to grasp onto my dream world but I wake up before I can stop it. :X: