both Esme and Carlisle are grinning at us. I can't help but laugh when I see Edward blush. One month later, and we're officially in our new home in California. As agreed, the four of us are going out to a local restaurant to celebrate me turning 18. Esme even insisted on buying me a pretty dress with matching heels. For most of the evening, Esme and Carlisle are too busy catching up to speak much to Edward and me. "So, how are you finding California so far?" Edward asks, grinning. "Great. We're definitely going to the beach tomorrow," I tell him. The beach is just a five minute walk from our house. I'm pretty sure I'm in heaven. "Whatever you want," Edward smiles, kissing my cheek. "You look beautiful, by the way," he adds, always the charmer. "Why thank you," I smirk, leaning into him. For the first time, I actually enjoy my birthday. It was late evening the next day by the time Edward and I decided to head to the beach. We were still getting used to the hotter weather here, so we figured that by evening we'd be able to manage the temperature. We even brought a picnic with us – Edward's idea, of course. I followed Edward along the beach, walking through the shallow water in my flip flops. I don't think I've ever worn flip flops before. California is already ten times better than Forks ever was. I'm even wearing shorts; without tights! Once Edward finds a spot that he deems suitable, we lay down a blanket and start devouring the picnic Esme made. For a while, we just lie next to each other, enjoying the sound of the waves crashing against the beach. I can't remember ever being this happy. "What you said that night was true," I start nervously, watching as Edward frowns. "Bella, what I said was out of line," Edward quickly says, his hand squeezing mine. "You may not have said things politely, but it was still true," I tell him. "I haven't told you anything about me. You deserve to know about your…your friend's life," I add, the nervousness returning. "You're not just my friend, Bella. You're my girlfriend now," Edward grins, kissing me. "Anyway, getting back on track…" I trail off, raising an eyebrow at him. "I, uh, want to tell you about me. About…about my life," I mumble. "Before you were in it, of course," I add. "Bella, you don't have to," Edward reassures me. "Yes, I do. You mean…Screw it; you mean the world to me. And I want you and everyone else to know it," I say defiantly. "I'm fed up of hiding my feelings." "Ok, if you're sure," Edward says, pulling me closer to him. I rest my head on his chest and kiss his chin, thinking through where to start. "My mother was 14 when my dad knocked her up," I begin, glancing up at Edward. He looks shocked. "Dad was 22 at the time," I add, making Edward gasp. "Did he…?" Edward trails off. "No, Mum claimed it was consensual," I answer his unspoken question. "For some unknown reason, she kept me. Maybe she thought my father would fall in love with her and they'd live happily ever after," I suggest. "I'm guessing that didn't happen?" Edward presumes. I snort. "Yeah, more like the exact opposite. My father said he wasn't the father, because if he'd admitted it, he'd be in prison, no matter what my mother said. Oh, he ran away, too," I continue. "Anyway, my father never told his parent's and my mother's parents chucked her out when they found out she was pregnant. Basically, I ruined my mother's life," I conclude. "Don't say that, Bella," Edward says. "It's true, though. I honestly don't know why she kept me," I tell him, shrugging. "Well, I'm glad she did," Edward says, kissing the top of my head. "Alright, cutey, back to story time," I grin at him. "Fast forward to my birth, and once I came into the world my mother soon realised she'd made a mistake, she didn't love me and she'd lost everything. We were both placed in care, since she was only 15, but she didn't want me. Eventually, she came to resent me, and she didn't look after me. When I was two, she ran away from the care home. I don't know where she went and I don't particularly care," I explain to Edward. Edward hugs me against his chest, kissing the top of my head and stroking my hair. I let my tears fall as he holds me, feeling so relieved to have told someone. "Wait, how do you know it was consensual?" Edward asks. I frown up at him. That's what he questions? "You said your mum left when you were two. How do you know so much?" Edward explains. "She wrote me a letter for my tenth birthday. It explained everything, apart from where any of my living relatives were. I threw it away as soon as I'd read it. She apologised in the letter but she never visited me before or after or sent me anything, so why should she call herself my mother?" I tell him. "I'm sorry, Bella, so sorry. Your parents were…" Edward says, looking pained. "Shitty, I know," I finish for him. "Now I feel even more horrible for what I said," Edward frowns. "Don't. I needed to open up to someone. I've never told anyone any of this before. It's feels…good, to have gotten it out," I tell him. "I love you, Bella, so much," Edward says, kissing me deeply. I kiss him back eagerly, still feeling so elated. "There's something else," I tell him breathlessly, grinning when he starts kissing my neck. "What?" Edward asks, smiling up at me. "My middle name," I begin, grinning. "It's Marie." A/N: What did you think of my first oneshot? Review please & let me know what you think :)