innocent safe all innocents. You can be a vampire that has to kill humans for food. You are still innocent. Oh before I forget. The thing I said about humans should be killed by blood drinks. What I mean is if it wasn't for them then the human population will be to high and the Earths will be destroyed before long." I said. Edward growled. "Like it or not Edward humans are like animal. If they aren't thinned out every now and then. Then the human race will be come weak and inbreed. A few deaths has to be made for others to live. I know how it sounds mean and evil. I had to make choices that got a lot of good comrade killed. Their life's to save thousands of innocents. That night when Carlisle saved my sorry ass. I gave my life to save innocents. I was ready to die so the innocents. But Carlisle saved me so now I have the change to save more life's." I said. They didn't say anything. The storm was getting louder and the wind howled against the windows. I closed my eyes as I listened to it. "Why the hell are you smiling for?" The blonde growled at me. I didn't open my eyes. "Cause the sound of the storm is beautiful. It makes me smile cause the little things I miss. You don't know how little freedom I have to do stuff like this. Its work, work all the time. When I do have a chance to do things I like I do them." I said as I popped my neck. I could hear Emmy chuckling and the blonde growling at him. He stopped and I could smell his angry. I opened my eyes and he looked blank. Besides me Jasper knew what he was feeling. The blonde was making him mad and it was pissing me off. Jasper looked at me and the look on his face told me my eyes changed. I closed my eyes to calm down. "You ok?" Jasper asked me. "That's a yes and no." I said not lying. "Whats wrong Pips?" Emmy growled at me. I smiled when he called me Pips. I kept my eyes shut. "The closer it comes the more I cant control my anger." I said slowly. "What do you mean?" Emmy said with worry in his voice. I growled as I opened my fire eyes. They all looked shocked at them. "Like everything else on Earths we are animals deep down. You can say every season something happens with beings like me. My season is coming up soon." I said slowly. "What do you mean when your season is coming?" Esme asked me softly. My face turned red and my eyes turned back to my dark green. "Umm I don't think you want to know." I said. "What is it?" Edward said. "Its mating season." I said to him. If they can blush they would. Beside Emmett he roared with laugher. "Its fall if I remember right!" Emmy laughed even harder. I blushed more and smiled. "Yep I'm surprised you would put that together so fast." I said and the blonde got up and left the house. "Yea will how you are going those days I knew something was up. I didn't mind." Emmy said. The others smiled a little as my face went red. "Yea and think I never been with any one till you came into my life. But that part of my life is over. Best week of my life." I said in a sad voice. They looked at me with sadness. But I shook my head. "Don't please. I'm use to stuff coming into my life and then leaving. Besides I'm to busy for that." I said in a low voice. "Pips." Emmy said and I looked at him. "Don't Emmett its fine. I had my time with you even if it was short. That is fine with me." I said to him. They looked away. "We better get going." Carlisle said with a smile. We stood up and I walked them out. "Piper if you ever want you can come and see us. You know where we live and feel free to drop by." Carlisle said. I smiled as I hugged him then Esme. "Thank Carlisle. You all are more then welcome to come over when every you want." I said. They nodded and left. All but Emmett he was looking at me. He waited for them to get across the road. "Piper I love you. Seeing you again my feelings became strong. I like Rose but I love you." Emmett said in a low voice. I looked up at him with my eye. Blood spilled from my eyes. He looked worried. "Sorry Emmy this is how I cry. Blood tears." I said in a low voice. Emmy wiped the blood tears away then licked them off his thumb. I blushed. "They taste good. You don't look like the crying type Pips." He said to me as he pulled me closer. "You tasted good to back in the day. I'm not you are the only one that have seen me cry." I said as he put his hand on the side of my face. The coolness of his hand made me lean into his hand. I wanted him to touch me like this again. I wanted Emmett for my own but I cant do this. He has a wife and I just be in the way. "Pips I know that look. You are the one I want. Now that I have you back in my life I'm not going to lose you now." Emmett said in a low soft loving voice. My legs started to shack and Emmet put his arms around me so I wouldn't fall. "Emmett I love you but we cant do this. You and I ended and you have someone in your life now." I said in a low voice.