When Edward held his hand out for the file, his hand tightened. Edward frowned, but decided not to ask in front of the Chief. Charles nodded. "She contacted the local police department straight away and they're being taken care of like their royalty. Like I said the guy, her management, has a lot of connections. They're safe. She thought it was safe until she began getting letters to her website saying that he or she knew where she was and she couldn't hide. Not even in Nashville." Emmett cursed. "How do they know where she is?" Charles shrugged. "I have no idea; she's been in hiding since she saw the letters. When she read the messages this morning she cancelled all of her upcoming concerts. So, boys, it's up to you to figure out who the fuck is doing this, why and stop it before anything gets out." "Or she ends up becoming a Homicide case," Edward drawled and earned himself a small growl from Emmett. Seriously what the fuck was wrong with him? Charles offered them a grim smile. "Exactly. Now get to work." "What aren't you telling me?" Edward demanded as they drove in Emmett's SUV through the busy streets of Nashville and made their way to Music Row. The woman, as Emmett called her, was at the studio with her manager, working on her new album. Emmett had personally called ahead to let them know they were in their way. Edward had no idea why Emmett was acting so strangely, but he knew it was something big. Their relationship worked on communication and honesty and so if Emmett was hiding something it was big. "Nothing. I just want to get this case over with so we can go back to doing what we're best at." Edward frowned but decided to drop it for now. He was a bit pissed off himself that he had been taken off Homicide to deal with a stalker. He also didn't like that this manager used his connections to throw his weight around. The sooner it was over the sooner he would be back to doing what he was trained to do, what he was good at. Soon Emmett pulled up outside Destiny Nashville recording studios where they were to meet the victim and her management. Edward couldn't wait to meet him. It was easy to get into the building and lead towards the studio she was using, it took nothing but the flash of a badge and they were in. People tended to get nervous when the police showed up at their door. Bad for business. Edward wanted to roll his eyes. If the police knocked on the door it meant that a crime had been committed. It meant that someone was hurt, or ad died and these people were more concerned about the press getting wind out it. As they walked down the hallway Edward heard no sound except for the cheerful music being played on the speakers. Despite never being to a recording studio in his life, he guessed that every room was sound proofed. It wasn't until they were ushered into the room did he hear a melody playing and then a voice begin to sing. The reason why Emmett had been so possessive of the case file was no obvious. His secrecy and reluctance to share information with Edward now obvious. He knew Edward would have never come if he knew who the victim was. Logically he should never have been put on this case; it was a conflict of interest. The voice was beauty itself. Strong and sure with such a feminine vulnerability to it that his heart ached already. The song was one of love and loss and wishing that it was only a dream. Edward walked into the studio, ignoring the people who sat at the mixing console it what the he knew to be called the control room. It was past them he looked, to the small woman singing her heart out in the live room. She wore a simple hoody, her hair up in a simple pony tail and she wore worn out jeans. Edward had never seen anything more beautiful. He had never seen anyone more magical. "I knew that if the Chief knew he would take us off the case. I couldn't let that happen, Edward. She need's us," Emmett mumbled beside him. Of course he hadn't told him. Edward would have either never came or would have gone ballistic. He had sworn that he was done, that he never wanted to see her again and that he didn't care. He was also lying about the part where he wouldn't have come today. If he had known she was in danger he would have fixed this a long time ago. Just like he was going to fix it now. Instead of turning to his best friend, he kept his eyes glued to the singing woman who had yet to notice he had arrived. He didn't acknowledge the tall blond man in an expensive suit who walked over to the. A man he hated and resented for a lot of reasons that had nothing to do with making a call to the Mayor. Instead he watched her as she sang a heartbreaking ballad. He couldn't take his eyes off her. Edward hadn't seen her, hadn't spoken to her in five years. He hadn't seen the only woman who had ever walked away from him in five years. He hadn't seen the only woman he had ever loved in five years. "Bella." A/N Sooo what did you think? It's only short but it's just getting off the ground. Now I apologize for any mistakes I made with Nashville... it's hard to find information I need. If anyone lives in Nashville or by it and could give me some info that would be stupendous! The song Bella was singing was Just a Dream by Carrie Underwood if you want to check it out.