he not be with me and still not let me go?" "He remembers you." Carlisle sighs, "From his human life." He shakes his head, "He swears you are his wife but it's not possible." "Vampires are possible Carlisle, can you find no room in that vast mind of yours for reincarnation? For witches and spells and a broken heart that believed one day, somehow she'd find him again?" Carlisle shakes his head, his brow is furrowed as he watched me, "You are then? His wife?" I nod, "I was, once." I sigh, "Now he has Alice." "And you love him? Still?" "Forever." I tell him, turning my head to look out over the woods, "He's my very soul. Always has been." Carlisle nods, "He says the same of you." My head whips around to him, "He loves me?" "Very much." He assures me, "His memories returned when he bit you. He says you are everything he's been missing, the emptiness in him. We spent a good deal of time the last three days discussing you. He and Edward fought." "Did Jasper hurt him?" "No more than he needed to defend himself. Edward was very… displeased, with the way he bit you, with his revelations of your history." I nod, "Are you angry he turned you?" I shake my head, "He loved me Carlisle. I could no more let him go than he could me." I sigh, "I cursed myself to live, lifetime after lifetime, searching for him. Now I will live forever as he does. I wish to be with him but now I am not his little wife and he is not my Rebel solder, he may not be able to let me go but he may not want me the way he did either." "I always want ya Darlin." He came from upwind and held up his hands. I gasped when I saw him, so many scars sparkling on his skin, "Don't be afraid." "Who? How? Why?" My voice nearly cracked, I didn't need to breathe but my chest felt tight. I got up and moved to him, tentatively reaching out a hand and pulling it back before I touched him. "I would'a walked through hell to get back to ya darling but I became a demon and feared what I'd do to ya. Saw ya once. Just once. Sitting on the front porch. Struggled not to kill my own family around ya and knew I couldn't come nearer, couldn't be with ya. It became my hell. Maria, her wars, the blood and death. I lost myself in it, in the overwhelming emotions of fear and anger around me, anything so I could stop feelin the pain of ya." He shakes himself, "I'll tell ya everything of my past, of what I became my Belle, how deep I had to lock ya away. Now I have you back I ain't ever lettin you go again. I'll destroy anyone tries ta come between us." "Jasper" I cried and flung into his arms, which opened as soon as I moved and wrapped me in a tight hug. "No more runnin from me Belle?" "Oh, but then, how will I get you to catch me?" I whisper back. He pulls me deeper into his arms, "Now I've caught you what makes you think I'll let you go?" "I've missed you Reb." "I've missed you Miss Belle." "That's Mrs. Whitlock." I sigh, "Well, I suppose not any more." I chuckle bitterly, "Till death did us part." "Eternity won't ever truly part you from me and it damn well will be Whitlock again if I have anything to say about it." "Why Major Whitlock, are you saying you'd compromise me?" "I might, but only with your permission o'course.?" "I could compromise myself of course but if I've no need to you might just plan on kissing me now." "Well now Belle, it would be my pleasure, even more so once my ring is back on that pretty finger." I giggled as he leaned down and kissed me deeply. "Soon?" I asked when he pulled away. "Well I don't quite have a priest waitin this time round but imagine I can rile one up in a day or two." "What about Alice?" "We never married." Jasper shook his head, "I already had a wife. The one I'd promised to love for all eternity, even if she was no longer by my side, even if I pushed her deep inside me so I could forget the feel of losing her, of being a demon who'd never again hold his angel." "Jasper." I sobbed pulling him into another kiss. "She understands Belle. She's hurtin but she understands. Says we'll all be ok, had to leave though. Said she and Edward would keep his promise and find your…" Jasper frowned, "Now I think of it, Victoria…" "My cousin, Vicki." I nodded, "The one and only." "And James." He sighed and then pulled away, looking down in shame, "I…" "It's ok Jas, we'll find him again. We'll find him and all four of us will be happy again, together, we'll be together forever then." "I've done so many things Belle, unspeakable things." He pulled further away, "I'm a true demon." "No." I pulled him back to me, "You're mine." I told him looking into his eyes, "You're my reb and I love you, all of you. Whatever happened in war, whatever this woman did to you, it's over. We're together and free and that is all that matters, our forever." He kissed me again and I wanted so much, I wanted all of him. "Come on little Belle, I have a priest to find." "Jasper." I complained. He shook his head, "I'll marry you Belle, I'll do this right and then you will never take that ring off again." "My Major." I grinned at him and kissed him again. "I love you." "Forever." He whispered against my lips. "For always." I agreed. "All eternity." He kissed me again.