on her face. xXx She walks into the house around 4 in the morning with her pale skin stained red, Edward is home and audibly gasp at her appearance, he was used to her nervous, clean kills, "Bella?" Pushes him away when he goes to touch her, she walks into their room and slams the door. Bella takes a shower, then lies in her bed until around five, she's taught herself to quiet her mind and think of nothing, it was the closest she's gotten to sleep since she's changed. It's around 5:30 when she puts her hair in a pony tail and heads off to work at the bakery with Cassy, she's very excited to see what her first official real day will be like. It's actually a lot better than she expected in the worst way. xXx Bella is sitting at the register around the time the bakery is dead, Cassy is in the back talking to people about orders and so Bella is very bored. The door jingles as someone walks in, she lifts her head and it's June. It's in that moment Bella realizes how gross it was that she was 17 and her boyfriend was over 100. Bella shakes it off, "Hello," she walks up to the counter timidly, Bella wants to laugh out loud at how pathetic she is, "What can I get you?" Her brown eyes are huge when she points at a red velvet cupcakes, "I would like two of those." Bella pulls them out and puts them in a box, then types in the cost on the register, "That's four dollars." June goes to pull out her money and everything in her purse falls out, Bella looks at her and she scrambles to pick it all up. It's annoying to watch her fumble until Bella sees a familiar necklace in the clutter of her purse, "Excuse me, where did you get that necklace? It looks exactly like the one of a kind one my husband gave me." The human girl looks like she's about to vomit, "I, uhm, found them, I mean, it...well, have a good day." She storms out without the cupcakes, the necklace lays on the floor still, Bella goes around to pick up the silver jewelry. She wishes she was like traditional vampires and the silver burned her, she wanted to feel pain at this moment, she wanted to hurt physically more than she did in her still heart. The jaded vampire pins the beautiful chain around her neck and smiles. xXx Bella arrives home a bit later after a stop at the jewelry store and Edward is playing a board game with Nes. Bella kisses her on the head and tell her she needs to speak with her father. "I'll meet you at our spot." She says. "Okay." Edward smiles at her lovingly. Bella first walks into their room and gets into her jewelry cabinet, just as she suspected, the necklace was gone, and is now around her neck. Bella crushes the picture frame next to the cabinet in anger. She sees her husband walking outside near the window so she walks out the back door and runs there to beat him. Edward thinks that she is going to do something loving out here by his smiles, but then he sees the chain around her neck and he looks fearful, "You found your necklace?" "Actually, I had no idea it was gone. A human girl had it with her today, a pretty brown haired creature. She told me she found it." He laughs, it sounds strained, "I really don't see how that's possible, love." Edward strokes her arm and he does his 'I'm innocent' smile. "I do. She seemed to have found it in your hand." Bella looks at him with a raised eyebrow and her arms crossed. "Bella, love-" he starts. He is quiet for a minute and continues, "I took it to school to show my class, I must've lost it and she needed to return it. Was it June?" Hearing him saying her name made her burn with jealously and rage. She doesn't show it in her face, and all of the terrible things she wants to say fill her brain. Pushing those thoughts behind her, she calculates her next move. She should play dumb, and get herself some more time to think about this. She wants Edward to suffer just as she has, but before she has time to speak he carries on, "I can't believe you'd suspect ME of cheating!" "Edward, I didn't say that, did I?" Both of her eyebrows raise and she smiles. "Oh." She ignores that, "Well it's so nice she would do that for you, Edward. She must be a good friend. But, Nessie really needs to get to bed so I'm going to head home." "Why did you call me out here?" He looks uncomfortable and runs a hand through his hair. She pulls out a box she purchased from the jewelry store and hands it to him, "Oh yeah, I got you this, open it and I'll see you when I get home, love." She accidentally spits out his pet name with a pinch of attitude, but she doesn't care and starts running home. Edward opens the box to find a simple silver necklace with a small diamond in the middle. There is a neatly folded note and placing the box in his pocket he opens the note with curiosity because why did his wife purchase him a woman's necklace? You should give her this one instead. The note filled him with dread, he could play this off and he had to be more careful. She couldn't know he was cheating. He decided to say nothing about it and let Bella work this out on her own, she loved him and she would get over it. xXx Sorry about any grammatical errors. But, please review and tell me what you think and want to see next.