know them though, you were just talking to them!" "Maybe your subconscious knows I'd know them because you'll always be my best friend and so I'll know the people important to you." She suggested and then shrugged, "I do seem to know them well." She nodded to the shadows with a slight frown, that must mean you know them too, so who are they Bella? Can you think of anyone in your life they might be?" "Of course not, you're the only vampires I know." "People from a photo or a painting in our house that maybe drew you?" "I don't know." Bella frowned, "It's so confusing." She hesitated, "Maybe… a photo maybe… I don't know." Bella sighed and shook her head, she almost remembered a photo catching her attention when Edward showed her around but she'd wanted to examine them all closer, to see the family through the decades, but Edward had caught her attention and moved them along to see the paintings in Carlisle's office. "You don't sit here and talk with me in the dream Bella, so let yourself dream, then you'll see whatever you're trying to tell yourself." Alice took her hand and squeezed it, "I'll be here with you as long as you want me to be." Bella reach over and hugged her gratefully, "You feel the same as me now." She whispered. "That's because in your dream, we are the same Bella." Alice giggled pulling back, "So what now? You had me come for a visit, what shall we do in this dream of yours?" Bella frowned as she looked over at the shadowy people, "Hello?" "Bella?" The woman's voice was warm and caring, "How are you feeling, should we hunt?" "I'm bettin we head into the city and he'll find us quick." Bella felt a chill down her spine but wasn't sure if it was fear or excitement, maybe a bit of both. "Feel like playing sugar?" The woman asked, a laugh in her voice. Bella nodded, "You don't think I'll hurt anyone do you?" "Of course not." The man laughed, "Control better 'n that there Pixie I'd wager." Bella let them lead her outside but the woodsy scene from the windows had become city streets and they were walking into a bar, all four of them dressed up, Alice and her in the outfits from a few weeks before and the two strangers whose faces she still couldn't see, were dressed similarly. It was a karaoke bar and they seemed to be having a good time when apprehension filled her and she turned to see another blurry figure, "Havin fun kitten?" He purred into her ear. He smelled like crisp autumn apples, new leather and honey. His familiar voice tingled at her mind as she shivered again, a feeling of joy and lust filling her but some sadness and betrayal as well, no not betrayal, guilt, she felt guilt at his voice and her knees trembled. She knew that voice, she didn't know from where, it was low and sexy but it wasn't Edward's voice. She tried to step back and focus on his face to remember where she'd heard that voice, "Where are the Cullen's?" "There darlin." He whispered turning her and they were in the Cullen living room, the two shadowy figures to the side, joined by others and then the Cullen's, all of them standing in a circle, beckoning Bella to join them to play the game. She turned but the man wasn't behind her anymore and she looked back to the perfect Cullen's. Bella gasped as she sat up in bed, early morning light just beginning to chase the dark out of the room. "Bella?" Alice asked, "Are you alright?" "The Cullen's." Bella told her meeting her eyes, "I'm dreaming about all of you and becoming a vampire and there are others, three seem important but I can't see who they are and I only almost recognize the voice of one of them and a name, you call me a name when you first see me and I think that maybe the Cullen's have moved and are using a new name only I've never heard it before." "What's the name Bella?" Alice asks gently taking her hand. "Whitlock. You call me Bella Whitlock." Alice nods, hiding the flicker of surprise so fast Bella doesn't catch even a small trace. Alice pulls her into a hug and searches out a vision of the Whitlocks, nothing overly important comes to her, not yet but she's sure it will. This dream of Bella's it means something and Alice is afraid she knows what that is. "Don't tell the others ok." Alice whispers as they pull apart, "Just let me figure a few things out first?" "Ok." Bella agrees tentatively. Alice took her shopping and Bella almost fainted when she saw Rosalie behind the wheel, she was used to the blonde joining them at the Cullen house but besides lunch at school, those were the only times she saw the beautiful vampire. They had a good time as they picked out a few things and tried them on but even Alice seemed a bit distracted so they didn't stay as long as Alice usually preferred and instead went back to the Cullen house to do manicures and pedicures with Esme. Bella was expected with Charlie at Billy's that night so she hugged everyone goodbye and the next day she did homework and chores. Alice hadn't mentioned the dream and though the petite girl seemed distracted, the week seemed to pass normally and that Friday Edward invited her to play baseball with the family, do to the coming storm. She didn't understand until the game began why they'd needed the storm. "Is everything alright Edward?" She asked as he grabbed a bat for his turn. "Of course." He smiled at her but she didn't quite believe him. It was only a few more rounds and Alice was yelling for the game to stop.