got everything else." Elizabeth trailed off thoughtfully and returned to her perch overlooking the city. This was different though, it felt like a goodbye, and Eliza wasn't sure how to feel about that. "What is it?" Isabella asked curiously as she finished stuffing clothing in her duffel, most of it black and generic. It wasn't often that there were any uncomfortable feelings between the two of them, given the connection they had. "I never really… thought of this place as home you know? I just feel a little conflicted about it for some reason... also I know you're not going to like this, but I want to ask, as a favor to me." Elizabeth turned and slowly looked up to met her mother's curious gaze. Isabella didn't let on that she already knew what Eliza was going to ask, instead she regarded her with a raised eyebrow and didn't say anything. Eliza finally met mother's gaze, aware that what she was about to say was going to touch on a very bleak part of where her mother's past. "When we settle. I want to go back to where it started for you. I want to see it with my own eyes. I want to go to Forks." XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Let me start with a few disclaimers. 1) This story started out as a combination of two challenges. A friend of mine told me that if I didn't have any epic tale of my own tell yet, to start based on someone else's idea; preferably something you don't care all that much for. I was told that sometimes the best way to hone your writing and ideas was to write about something you hate. I know right? Sounds crazy. But apparently if you try and write about something you love, you tend to repeat what's already there. (There's a reason you love it after all) Whereas with something you dislike… It's like getting behind the wheel of a car you don't care about. If you end up driving that car over a cliff… well you don't really mind, provided you jump out first. (If you don't jump out, at least it's a hell of a ride down) 2) Twilight. This was the 2nd challenge I mentioned. I was having a conversation when I called the books/movies stupid. The person I was talking to agreed with me, but asked if I had ever read them, or watched the movies and I hadn't. (My response to that was VAMPIRES DO NOT SPARKLE.) She told me that I should read before making an opinion about something rather than relying on others to form my opinions. So guess what? I read the books and watched the movies. So when I have an opinion on them now, I'm actually basing that on actually having read them. 3) The idea for this story actually came when I read a fan fiction on . Yes I know. I do a crap ton of reading. I'll read almost anything. A story called Reach for Me by Black-Rose-Of-Night. I loved the concept of an angry and spurned Bella and a confrontation years later where she's not a helpless human. I loved the idea of Bella having someone else in her life at that point as a family member, and I'm a huge fan of the Bella/Alice pairing. However I think that the story written there, while it had great ideas, was abandoned with far too much on the table when it came to possibilities and writing. So I'm taking a crack at it under similar ideas. So please do not waste your time and mine by pointing out similarities as I give major props to the Author for having some of those ideas in the first place. 4) I'm doing a bit of hand waving when it comes to time. The elapsed time since Edward left Bella in the forest is 90 years. But since that would bring us to the year 2100 or so, I have some issue with that. Since I have no idea what technology will be like at that point. (If you do, lets chat. We can talk about stocks and investing) So I'm leaving the year kind of... ambiguous. Implying that she was abandoned a bit in the past and we're a bit in the future. There will be some advancements in technology but no lightsabers or flying cars or anything of that nature, we not going to introduce anything that fundamentally alters the way the world works, so to speak. 5) Samantha Minuet's Co-Author's Note: I wanted to start off by saying how grateful I am to Kathryn for letting me be a part of her story. Although I took primary on these revisions, they wouldn't be possible without Kathryn's wonderful foundation. I also want to acknowledge Dark Bella, she put a lot of work into this story, and her influence will hopefully not be erased since she did a marvelous job. I hope you all like this revision of chapter one. I know it's quite a bit longer, but that isn't a bad thing is it? The goal was to add details to the story that would benefit the whole. Not all the alterations will be as significant as this chapter, but everything up to chapter 28 will be touched up in some way. We are going to try to add one of these revised chapters per week with our new updates. Nothing will be changed exactly, just enhanced and extended. The exception of course are the first person chapters which will be converted to third person like the rest of the story. I really hope you guys re-read these very altered chapters. 6) I don't own Twilight or most of the characters depicted in this fan fiction. You may not like some of the things that happen, and I'm totally okay with that. I promise not to cry myself to sleep. I invite constructive criticism, but can't promise I'll listen to it.