down. But I've seen how your pack protects you, and I've seen how you care for them.' Sam stood from the log and held his hand out to me. I let out an internal sigh of relief and shook his hand. 'Welcome to La Push.' He smiled. 'Thank you for having me.' I said with a chuckle. 'Remind me to get one of my guys to show you the cliffs sometime.' Sam said, nodding to some of his pack over his shoulder. 'I'd love that.' I replied, nodding my head probably a bit to enthusiastically. Sam smiled at me and then jogged over to a small group. Looking around, I was pleased to see that there was no 'my pack' or 'their pack' groups. Everyone was making an effort to mingle and get to know one another. I wasn't entirely convinced that the motives were just social, but for now everyone was getting along. I sat myself back down on the log by the fire. So far the evening was turning out great, I was just shattered. After a minute or two of staring at the fire, I heard soft padding footsteps behind me. I caught the scent of fur and husk just before Jared shuffled me off the log and onto the sand between it and the fire. Without the slightest effort, Jared pulled me onto his lap and his massive hands squeezed me to his chest. As sweet as it was that everyone felt so protective, I was going to start calling this hug-rape. Jared let out a breath as if he was trying to calm himself down. He gave me a gentle squeeze and then moved his arms so I could move to the side. I sat on the sand next to him with my legs still on his. His shoulder was a bit too far up for me to reach, so I settled for lying against his arm. 'I'm sorry.' He whispered. 'What?' What was he apologising for? 'We're in another packs land, you're not your strongest and I just handed you to another Alpha.' He said, staring sadly into the fire. 'All necessary.' I said, 'All understandable and I wouldn't have done it any other way.' Jared gave me a sad smile and put his arm around my shoulders. I hadn't realised how cold I'd gotten until I felt his body warmth chasing away the breeze. 'I want you to do me a favour.' Jared said. Warning bells went off in my head. Jared was a good and inspiring leader, but as a wolf Alpha, he didn't ask for favours: he said, you did, that was how it worked. He looked down at me to see if I was listening. I nodded for him to continue. 'You scared us.' He started, 'It was only a few days, but we didn't know what was going to happen. Everyone was, tense.' Jared stopped to take a breath and look around the different groups on the beach. 'You're still not at full strength and the pack is feeling a tad protective.' I laughed at that, just a tad protective he thought? I felt Jared laugh next to me, 'I'm being serious: Charlie and Ian want to wrap you in bubble-wrap and carry you back home.' 'No chance.' I said with a smile, catching Jared's eye. He knew what I meant; the pack's here, so I'm here. 'I know, but I'd like you to steer clear of the other pack.' He said. 'It would only take a little thing, a joke that someone took the wrong way, or a rough tackle in a game and tempers could flare.' I nodded my understanding. An overprotective wolf pack whilst in another pack's territory could lead to serious problems. 'You got it boss.' I managed to say before I yawned into my hand. 'And on that note,' Jared shifted up a little and waved his hand at someone. Ian ran over to us with a big grin on his face. 'Jared, you should come join the game: it's awesome!' He laughed. 'Maybe later.' Jared said, getting to his feet and helping me up on the way. 'Whoa, looks like someone needs to crash.' Ian said. 'Do I look that bad?' I asked Jared, he raised his hands in defence. 'I didn't say anything.' He said innocently. Ian had turned back to the group and thrown the ball back to them. 'Come on, let's get you home.' Ian said, linking his arm with mine. 'I don't want to take you out of your gam-' was what I managed before I yawned again. 'Uh huh, let's go.' Ian used my arm to navigate me up the path. Without some energy reserves to help, I was walking in pitch black and Ian caught me a couple of times on the way home. When we finally got back to the house, it was cold, empty and dark. I dropped onto the sofa that someone had moved next to the fire whilst Ian lit some candles around the room. Ian had dark, jet black hair that fell with a slight wave just over his ears. Just wearing black shorts, you could see his build was that of an athlete: a swimmer or runner. Occasionally we called him Shadow: he could disappear into the forest and be almost invisible. Nobody moved so quietly or quickly as him, which was impressive for someone who was six foot three. He grabbed a blanket off the back of a chair and sat on the sofa next to me. He sat upright in the corner, with his legs stretched out across the settee. He pulled my hand towards him and I curled up on his chest. He smelt like the forest just before dawn, when it was filled with dew and moisture in the air. Instantly I could feel the incredible body heat lulling me to sleep. Warm, calm and comfortable. My pack was here, safe and we were all together. Perfect.