them having an opportunity to tear this family apart; they nearly succeeded once when Nessie was born I won't stand by and let it happen again." Edward said glancing to Bella, who was already nodding in solidarity of his opinions. "I agree with Edward and Bella on this, we're out nothing talking with them. Besides the greater the number of opposition the less apt to pick a fight the majority of the Volturi are." Rose agreed after a few more moments of contemplation. "Yeah the more people on our side the bigger the fight we can bring should the Volturi try and start something," Emmett said after a few tense moments, "Assuming that we agree to this at all." "We have spent the last year rebuilding relationships," Esme said looking pointedly over at Jake, "And ensuring that our neighbors and friends in the community aren't being harmed by our presence. Any opportunity to strengthen our position to continue to do so is more than welcome by me." "I know this much if this clan can help keep those bloodsuckers at bay so we don't have to fight then I'm all for it and we'll stand behind you guys whatever the choice is that you guys make," Jake added his pack mates nodding in agreement. Carlisle was painfully aware that ultimately, the decision was his. He liked to treat the people around him as his equals, yet when it came to the most difficult decisions for the most part they were his to make. He was quiet for a long time, staring into the space between his hands; a move that everyone in the room knew meant he was thinking long and deeply about the decision. "It's a risk," Carlisle said at last, "Trusting a coven none of us have had any dealings with, both positive and negative. However, if it is an opportunity that will allow me to have the means to protect each of you to greater depth I am willing to chance it. Hand me the card please, with the number." He said reaching for his cellular phone before he could change his mind. In a matter of forty seconds he had dialed the number and set the phone to speaker as it sat ringing in his hands, "Good early morning, how can I help you?" a decidedly female voice asked and the sound was almost bell-like and sweet. "Good early morning to you as well," Carlisle said slowly allowing himself to relax a slight bit aware that the more tense he felt the thicker his native British accent would become, "My name is Carlisle Cullen I need to speak with either Draedyn or Theron please." "Of course, one moment please." The voice answered briskly, but not impolitely as they could all hear a muffled exchange and a shout in an unfamiliar language before another voice came through the speaker. "Theron speaking," A voice that matched the DVD precisely came through clearly, authoritative and confident but not without a measure of warmth. "I do apologize if this call comes very late in your evening," Carlisle said wondering if it were actually the middle of the night for the other male, "But I didn't want to delay in responding to the letter that was received today." "Ah yes, the coven which seems to be receiving a great deal of unwanted attention the last fifteen months or so," Theron said calmly, "How can I assist you?" "I wanted to express not only our gratitude for your contact but our acceptance of your offer. We have determined that while accepting is a risk, potentially incensing Aro it is one we are willing to take." Carlisle said calmly, even though internally he felt anything but calm. "Excellent, I was hoping that you would accept and that Draedyn wasn't too intimidating or unsettling, he can have that effect even in writing from time to time." Theron said calmly, "It will take some time before she'll arrive for a variety of reasons. As well with that acceptance does come the assurance that the Volturi will not have the opportunity to interfere with your lives. I trust the young lady I am sending to you; I will ensure that she contacts you upon her arrival in Seattle." Theron answered. "Do you have an estimated timeframe?" Carlisle asked cautiously, not entirely comfortable with the idea of someone having to make a fast trip to Seattle, potentially unprepared physiologically for such a trip. "Actually, not at this point because final arrangements need to be completed but I would guess within the next week to fourteen days on the outside." Theron answered reassuringly. "Then we'll wait for her call, and thank you for doing this for our family; not many covens would consider potentially bringing themselves into direct conflict with the Volturi." "The Volturi are the very least of my problem children," Theron said, his voice holding in it a smile, "However any time that I can ensure that they are serving their purpose without making too much of a mockery of our ways I can and I will. This happens to be one such time. It is of course, our pleasure and I expect everyone will benefit from this observation period." Theron said calmly, "If there's nothing else I will bid you a good evening." After completing his farewells, Carlisle severed the connection and glanced to his family, watching each of them for a reaction and response carefully, "It seems then we will have company before long." "The girls and I will see about making a place that would be comfortable and welcoming," Esme said smiling as Alice perked up immediately at the idea of shopping for materials to convert one of the spare rooms, normally used as a reading room into a guest bedroom. As they were talking the others started filtering out of the living room, each of them full of their own thoughts about the changes this new person could and would bring about.