she'd never indicated she was glad to see me or that she missed me. Edward told me she did but it was nice to hear it from Esme directly. "I miss you too, Esme," I said as I hugged her. I really did miss her. She was the calm voice of reason on the rare occasion that I butted heads with my own mom. There were a couple times when I called Edward in tears because my mom wouldn't let me do something I wanted to do and of course Edward – bless his heart; he didn't know what to do or how to help me so he'd put Esme on the phone and she would calm me down. Neither one of them knew how much those moments meant to me. "Edward, sweetheart, why don't you play a few Christmas songs on the piano and maybe we could convince Bella to serenade us?" I blushed fiercely and Edward nudged my shoulder. "Come on, please?" Edward asked, his emerald green eyes boring into mine. "Okay …" I agreed. "But only if I can sit next to you on the piano bench." Edward played and I sang a few songs. Our parents got up to pour their after dinner drinks and Edward and I slipped downstairs to play video games. "I think we're coming over to your house tomorrow," Edward said after a while. "Yeah?" I asked, surprised. "I'm pretty sure, yeah. Mom said something about your dad thinking that you'd want to spend Christmas day at home so we're coming over in the afternoon." I smiled at the thought of getting to see Edward on Christmas. While we were passing the time playing video games, snow had begun to fall outside and my father drove ever so carefully as we made our way home. Dad and I snuggled up on the couch and he read 'The Night Before Christmas' just like he'd done for as long as I could remember. "Don't forget to put out cookies for Santa, Bells." "Dad … I know about Santa but if you want a plate of cookies, I'll be happy to get you some." My dad laughed. "I can't help it, Bells. You'll always be my baby girl. Even when you're thirty and have kids of your own." "I love you, Daddy," I whispered as I handed him a plate of cookies and wished him goodnight. The next morning, I woke and dull light and happy voices outside filtered through the windows. I went to the window to find Edward, Carlisle and my dad outside throwing snow at each other and attempting to build a snowman. It was quite a sight. Downstairs, I found Esme in the kitchen – the smells of cinnamon and nutmeg in the air as she pulled a French toast casserole out of the oven. "Good morning, sweetheart, would you like a cup of cocoa?" Esme asked sweetly. "Please," I nodded with a smile. "I suppose you saw those silly men outside?" "Yeah … although I heard them before I saw them." Esme and I both giggled as she sat my cocoa in front of me. A few minutes later, we heard the door open and heard six feet stomping in the entryway. We enjoyed a wonderful breakfast before we gathered around the beautiful tree my dad had put up in the living room. The Cullen's had brought all of their gifts over to exchange and when we were done opening them the living room looked like a tornado had swept through. There was paper and tissue and bows everywhere. My dad bought me a video game system that Edward and I were eager to try out. Edward had the same system at home and he got a couple new games for it. Edward gave me a sterling silver I.D. Bracelet that read 'Best Friend' in elegant script bordered by two little daisies. It was perfect. The days following Christmas, I spent with Charlie. We went ice skating in Port Angeles and window shopped as we sipped hot chocolate. Neither one of us were big shoppers but we were happy to have the time together. "Bells …" Dad began. "You know you can always come home and live with me if you get too lonely being at mom's by yourself right?" "Huh?" "Bella … it's just that … after what you told us at dinner the other night I've been really worried. Your mom works so much and has to leave you in the care of other people when you could be here in my care." "Dad … I'm okay. I'm only by myself for a couple hours a few days a week. When Mom works nights, I stay with Carlie." "Bells … you're thirteen years old, honey. You shouldn't be alone at all." "Did you talk to Mom?" "Yup." "And?" "She hung up on me." I sighed. "Why do you guys fight all the time?" I didn't expect an answer and I didn't get one. New Year's Eve we spent at the local pizza parlor. Sue and Harry Clearwater had planned a big shindig that kids and adults alike could enjoy. I sat quietly next to Esme as I watched Edward talk to Jasper, Alice and some new kid named Emmett. The latter of which turned his head as Edward nodded toward me and winked at me with a huge dimply grin. "Having fun?" Edward asked as he nudged my shoulder. I shrugged and he linked his pinky with mine. A/N: Do you remember your first day of Kindergarten? I think some things, I'll never forget ;) Bobby Parsons** … yeah true story. His first day of school sucked. Js. I really did have a metallic blue Schwinn with a banana seat that was white with daisies on it and it had a bell with Donald Duck on it – my cousin brought it all the way from Holland and gave it to me. Thoughts? ** Names have been changed.