you didn't give her a chance too you puppy". Seth slouched down in his chair and started eating again. "It didn't collapse but I think I heard some creaking. It's only a matter of time." I said while smiling. Paul smirked at me and started eating. "Are you excited to start school soon? Seth says you'll be in classes with him, Collin, and Brady." Emily asked. "I'm as excited as you could be to start school. I'm gonna be in the same grade them. I should be a senior but the schools are too different so I'm redoing I guess." I laughed. "Do you play any sports?" "Soccer. I really wanna get on the team at school. WSU has a really good women's soccer team." "Jared's girlfriend is on the soccer team, I'm sure she could show you around." Lunch went on quietly till everyone was done besides bantering from the boys. Emily got up to clean the table and I offered to help. "Sure you can dry while I wash. It's nice to have someone helping for a change" she said while she stared down Sam. He smiled and gave her a kiss on the cheek. "Hey were gonna go down to the beach later, do you wanna come with us when your done?" Paul asked. "Yea that sounds fun" I said. I handed a plate to Emily, "it seems Paul has an affinity for you" she said as she took the plate. "Really? I thought he was being nice. Everyone has. You've all been really welcoming." "Paul is only nice to people he likes. most of the time he's either quiet or scowling at something someone said or did. You should feel special." She said as she handed me a plate. When we finished we went outside and headed to the beach. The boys race each other there and looked for the "perfect spot", whatever that was. After finding it they split up and decided to play football. Emily and I watched them play till it was close to dark. We headed back to Sam's house and I said my goodbyes. After a week of hanging out with the boys and getting closer to Paul, Jake, and Seth, it was the first day of school. I was eating breakfast when dad came down the stairs. "Do you have all of your stuff? I don't want you driving back here cuz you forgot something and be late to class." "Yea dad I have everything. Don't forget soccer tryouts are today so I won't be home till after you today." "Were having dinner at Billy's tonight so straight to the shower when you come home. Love you" he said as he rushed out the door. When I finished breakfast I was checking myself in the mirror for any mishaps when the doorbell rang. Seth, Collin, and Brady were standing on the porch. "Wow you guys look so different with shirts on" I grinned. "Woooowwww your soooo funny Vic" Brady said. "Are you ready?" "Yea let's go" I said as I locked the door. We all climbed into my car and headed to school. After getting there and getting my schedule from the office I found that I had most of my classes with one or all of the three musketeers. All of my classes went well and lunch with the musketeers was eventful. They almost started a food fight with another table and got detention already. At the end of the day I said by to the guys and grabbed my soccer bag. I went to the locker room and found an empty locker next to a girl with shoulder length black hair. "Is this locker open?" "Yea your good. Are you trying out?" "Yea I was on the team at my last school. I just moved here, I'm Vic" "Oh Jared told me about you, I'm Kim, his girlfriend" she smiled at me. We got changed an headed out to the field. The coach gave us a speech about rules and the purpose and vision of the team. He introduced Kim and a blonde girl named Sarah as the team captains and split us up into two groups. We ran through drills and then he made us do a mock game at the end. He told us that he would post the team in the next day or so. I decided to shower at school to save time for later. Kim walked out to my car with me. "Your really good. I think Sarah should look out you could take her spot" "I doubt that you guys are all really good. I was however surprised at the lack of skill in the freshman." "Yea our soccer teams aren't good till high school" she laughed. When we got to our cars we said goodbye and promised to have lunch together tomorrow. When I got home I found dad watching tv. "Hey how was your day" I asked. "Good. Nothing crazy. When will you be ready to leave?" "I just have to change and then I'll be ready" I ran upstairs and put on a new set of clothes, brushed my hair, and headed down stairs. Billy's house was small and a little rundown looking outside but still somehow beautiful with the surroundings. The inside was so homey. "I made fish, I hope you eat that" Billy said. "Why would she not eat fish, she is my kid ya know". We all laughed and sat down for dinner. After me and Jake cleaned up we played cards for a few hours and then decided to call it a night. I wanted to test it and see how its received by you guys before I write a lot of it and its not liked. I know the beginning is slow but this is my first attempt at writing a story. So just let me know if you like it or not. I have a lot of it planned out just not written.