you." He grabs a condom from his night stand, rolling it on, before resettling in between my thighs. I feel him dip in at my entrance a few time, before gently pressing forward. I groan lowly as he shifts further in bit by bit. Though I'm no virgin to self-pleasure, Edward's dick is big, bigger than any toy I've used on myself. It stings, but soon enough he's all the way in. I look up into his eyes, rejoicing in the fact that I'm here with my Pretty Boy. I nod my head minutely to let him know I'm alright and he begins to move. Once he starts pumping into me, I can't seem to get enough. "Harder… Harder Edward. Fuck yeah. Right there." "Look at you Bella, taking my whole cock. So tight. Ahh." Edward tries to keep up the dirty talk, he can tell how much I like it, but soon we're both too preoccupied. He's pumping as fast as he can, while I keep up a soft stream of yeses and ahhs and groans, praising his work. I can feel my orgasm coming on. I'm incoherent, but I manage a quick warning of "Edward.. I.. I'm coming," before my pussy clenches around him. "Fuck, come on my dick," Edward exclaims before picking up his speed, slamming himself into faster. After a few more moments, he can't hold it anymore and spills into me, filling me completely. When he's done, he rolls off me, catching his breath. I've never felt more satisfied in my life. Edward slips out of bed to clean himself up, sliding back into bed a few minutes later. I look over at him, and he looks… worried. Staring straight up at the ceiling with slight creases at the corners of his eyes. I get nervous. Fuck. What have I done. He didn't want this. He's just being nice to me since it's my birthday. I flush with embarrassment and start to try to wrap the sheet around me while sitting up. "What are you doing?" He asks, his eye piercing me to the spot. "I just.. you looked like something was wrong. I thought it was me." His eyes soften, and he pulls me towards him. "Bella its not you. I was just thinking, that was your first time. I should have been gentler. I should have told you you're beautiful and whispered kind words in your ears. I shouldn't have called it fucking. I shouldn't…." I cut him off again, apparently it's my thing. "Edward. I'm not always mushy person. Sweet nothings isn't what I wanted. Sometime, gentle sex would be nice. But for me, for my first time, I loved every moment of it. And calling it fucking turns me on. Please stop doubting yourself. I'm so happy right now." I reach up and place my hand on the side of my face. He wraps his hands around my waist and rolls onto his back again, pulling me with him. "You're beautiful," he whispers. I tilt my head down to kiss him. We kiss languidly for a while. Soon, he's ready to go again, and so am I. He quickly slips on a new condom and gently slips in. I sit up and rock against him slowly, rolling my hips. It doesn't take long. This more gentle sex feels so intense, so overwhelming in emotion, that I get to my brink quickly. We both whimper quietly, coming together whispering each other's name. It's laughable, the difference between our first and second times, but both are perfect for me. I'm a sexual girl, I loved being fucked. But I'm also a hopeless romantic, so the slow and languid sex we just had gave me a rush of feelings I hadn't expected. I can't say I love him yet. I'm not crazy, I've only known him for a couple hours, but I could see myself falling for him. With a smile on my face, I snuggle into his side, falling asleep quickly. When I wake up I'm serenely happy. I'm lying on my stomach, hair covering my face, with a heavy arm across the back. "Happy Birthday Bella," Edward whispers into my ear. I smile into the pillow, turning in his arms to face him. I press a gentle kiss to his face. He's so incredibly pretty. My Pretty Boy. He demands I stay in bed while he goes to make breakfast. Feeling a bit shy, I slip out of bed and throw on one of his t-shirts. I grab my phone and return to bed. My best friend group chat is blowing up. It starts with two texts from last night, about when Edward and I left the bar. Bella! I'm so happy for you! Have fun ;) – A Lucky Bitch – R They go on to argue about what they think the sex was going to be like. And where we were gonna do it. And if we even made it out of the bar. I smile reading through it. The texts end with their birthday wishes this morning. I send them an update on the evening, giving a few details, and thank them for the wishes. "Hey, you left bed!" Edward chastises smirking at me. He looks like a perfect picture standing in his briefs holding a tray with scrambled eggs, toast, fruit, and coffee. "Sorry," I grin, "just reporting back details." I wink at him. He hands me the tray and grins a crooked smile, "All good I hope." "Hmmmm not sure, you'll have to jog my memory," I tease. He leans into my neck, sucking gently. I moan. "You're not leaving this bed all day," "As long as I make it to dinner with my parents, your plan doesn't sound so bad." Later that nights I sit on the couch in my apartment, snuggled up with my cat and my girls. I can't help but smile. I've found my Pretty Boy. It's the best birthday I've ever had.