I'd become the person I wanted to be and that person belonged in Forks. =X= Two months after losing my father, things between Edward and I had definitely changed. I could feel it… It was in the looks he'd give me, a kiss that would linger on my cheek or forehead a little longer than normal, small touches as we passed… Graduation was weird; it felt odd not having my dad in the audience but Edward's bright and proud smile filled the hole. Instead of looking forward to the normal graduation party, I was looking forward to the week in Hawaii that Edward and I were going on; it was his present to me. The hotel he'd booked was amazing and all you saw when you looked out the floor to ceiling windows were the beautiful beaches of Waikiki. "So, the beach tomorrow?" I asked as we sat on the sofa watching some God awful reality show. "Yeah, you got your bikini?" "Yes…" I couldn't stop the blush. "I can't wait to see it if it has you blushing like this, Beautiful. Show me…" I smiled as I thought, you asked for it… Rose helped me pick it out in the hopes it would get me 'laid in Hawaii'… pun intended. So, I got up and put on the royal blue, barely there bikini. "What do you think, Edward? Not too revealing?" His eyes widened and he choked on the beer he'd just taken a sip of… Shit! I ran over to him and started to thump him on his back. "I'm so sorry…" I started to say. He grabbed my wrist and looked up at me, his face level with my stomach. He looked up at me and what I saw in his eyes had my mouth watering. "Tell me to stop." He said simply. I shook my head, no… Slowly he stood up from the sofa and pulled me closer. "You want this… me?" "Yes." I watched as his eyes and fingers roamed all over my face. "This will change everything." I nodded. "I won't let you go if we do this." I smiled and bit my lip. He growled as he pulled it out from between my teeth before leaning in and finally pressing his beautiful lips to mine. My arms reached up and wrapped around his neck as the kiss quickly intensified. I moaned as he lifted me off the ground; his hands moving my legs to his waist. "No idea…" he whispered into my mouth. "… so long…" My eyes opened when I felt a wall at my back but they quickly closed when he pushed his hard cock against me while gripping my ass cheeks in his hands; it felt amazing. "Open your eyes, Bella." When I did, he continued. "I love you, sweet girl. I've loved you for months so tell me now if you don't think this is something you want. I know I'm a lot older than you but…" I had to interrupt him right there. "Edward, I've been attracted to you since I first laid eyes on you but since then you've become my everything; I want this. I love you too." That's all he needed to hear. He mouth closed over mine hard as he pulled the strings of the bow at my neck. The small triangles of material fell away baring me for the first time; he stilled as he looked down. Light as a feather, he ran his hands over my breasts. " Fuck , you're stunning… so beautiful." His soft words were in contrast to his now firm grip as he kneaded my soft flesh just right. "I will never hurt you Bella, but I know what I like and how to please…" "Oh God…" I moaned out as he took my left nipple into his mouth and the right one in his strong hand and fingers. Suddenly, I felt him everywhere. His rock solid cock pressed against my clit as fingers pushed my bikini bottoms to the side letting him know just how much I was ready for this. "God, you're so wet…" Slowly yet without hesitation, Edward slipped a finger inside me at the same time he gently bit down on my nipple. Crying out, my head hit the wall behind me. His lips let go only to come and lick suck at my ear. "So tight… I can't wait to feel you come on my cock, my little Beauty." "Now…" I said panting. I was so ready for this; it was something I'd wanted, dreamed of for months. "Now, Edward." I looked down to watch him unzip his fly and pull out his cock… Fuck, he's bigger than I remember… "Shit! No condom…" Edward growled out between clenched teeth. "I'm on the shot. Please Edward…" I shut up when I felt him against my opening. I wasn't sure if he'd go slowly or not, so I tried to relax as much as I could. I couldn't keep my eyes open as he slowly pushed his way inside me. "Ungh…" It had been a while since I'd had sex, so it hurt a bit. Edward must have picked up on it so he stilled once completely sheathed. "You're mine now, Bella, completely mine…" All I could do was nod my head. He started moving and my body quickly accepted his. Each measured thrust stoked the fire burning inside me until I couldn't hold it any more. My body curled around his, my arms and legs clamping tight. My ears rang as my breathing stopped but I could still hear Edward's cry as he released inside of me. "Never… letting you go…" he panted. "Never…" "Never…" I said in agreeance. "I love you." "I've waited my whole life for you." Edward whispered before kissing me so softly, so gently that tears of fulfillment tracked down my face. It was like every mistake I'd ever made was meant to bring us together. I'd found my forever.