any other day. He ate breakfast and headed out with no inkling of what could lay in store. When would it happen? Edward didn't know, but he had learned that death could come fast and without warning and he was determined to try and delay it, to keep Carlisle close to him for as long as he could. He would do everything in his power to protect him even if it meant the end of his own existence. ~0~ NOW Too late, Edward sees Carlisle's plan as it unfolds moment by moment, sees the inevitability of the decision he has made. He follows him on the climb upstairs to the roof of his building, watching him breathe deeply, filling his lungs one last time before stepping from the ledge, feeling at peace with his decision to go. No one to miss him, no one to mourn; a life used up and spat out, no way forward, only able to fast forward to the end. Edward is by his side, taking his fear as he falls, comforting him in those final moments into eternal peace. He is there waiting when Carlisle's heavenly eyes open to his new forever. Seeing Edward for the first time, his eyes hungry yet hesitant in his beatific face, Carlisle feels peace and a huge wave of love emanating from him despite Edward's own forgotten understanding. Reaching out, their fingers touch sending strange, forgotten sensations racing through them both; so alien yet wonderful after so long. Carlisle is first to speak. "It's you." He recognises me? How is that possible? I tried so hard to contact him and he never acknowledged me. "I dreamed of you, so many times. That one kiss we shared changed everything for me. I knew then... I knew I had taken a wrong turn somewhere and missed my chance to be happy." He looks around seeing nothing but white. "Where are we? What is this place?" Edward gazes into eyes wide with wonder, eyes that focus on his face with trust and curiosity, eyes full of warmth and not an ounce of fear. He cannot remember the last time he spoke to another being and he struggles to find his voice again, unsure and nervous. "I don't usually stay for this part. I..." "You are him? You're not just taking his form to comfort me are you? You are Edward – the Edward that turned my life upside down? Please say yes." He words are quizzical, laced with confusion and the underlying fear of eternal loneliness. Edward flounders, not knowing how to respond. "I... know my name was Edward. I don't know when I came here, but I know you have to make a choice now. You should pass over, leave this place of transition and take your rightful place in the hereafter." "Or?" Carlisle prompts him when he stops, waiting for the second option. "Or be trapped here forever, caught in nothingness with no contact, no feelings and soon no memories. I think mine were taken from me, but I don't know why or when. I remember nothing but my name. The same will likely happen to you if you stay." "Why would that happen to you? You did nothing wrong in your life. I read of your passing in the newspaper. You-" He looks hesitant and unsure of himself. "Do you want to know?" Edward utters a rusty semblance of a laugh. "It makes no difference now." "It was only a couple of days after we kissed at the party. You were struck by a car that was fleeing the scene of a robbery. They couldn't save you. That was six years ago. I went to your funeral." He swallows hard. "I never forgot you, Edward; never." Carlisle steps forward, his face determined. "There's something I need to do." Not allowing Edward to refuse, he leans in and kisses him, sending waves of sensation and feelings long forgotten vibrating through his being. Edward's ethereal form shakes, unneeded breaths are taken, the power behind the action building to a crescendo in Edward's mind. Suddenly in a blaze of healing light he gazes wide-eyed at Carlisle, shaking his head as memory after memory crashes over him, reconstructing the former life of Edward Masen in its entirety, filling his mind to the fullest. He gasps and clings to Carlisle, smiling, opalescent tears on his cheeks. "I remember now. I refused them; I refused the messengers when they came for me." He shakes his head, thumb grazing the cheek of the boy, man , before him. "I told them I wasn't done, I wasn't finished. I refused to leave and so they told me I had to find a way back, to find what I lacked. What they didn't tell me was they took it all; my memories, my identity, everything was taken from me and I had to start again. They left me with only my name. Now I know why." Tears fell without pause, the revelations filling his once empty mind. "Carlisle, I wasn't done because I hadn't found love, real love, only glimpsed it, the real possibility of it, with you. When I felt your pain the first time I saw you I was helpless to refuse. I never knew it would lead me where I needed to go." "Are you ready now?" Carlisle's voice is full of hope; his face shines as he gazes into the eyes of his forever. Edward looks around and smiles. "Yes, and look – here they come." The messengers descend in a veil of warmth and light, their hands outstretched to both Edward and Carlisle. Leaving behind the human form means leaving behind earthly concerns and fears forever; together Carlisle and Edward have discovered that love is a powerful drive that transcends death. The young men smile at each other and, hands clasped, prepare to leave this earthly plane and move on to spend eternity in perfect happiness, true soul mates united at last. ~0~