you return." Jasper nodded his reply as he sat beside Bella. He took her hand in his and gently kissed the skin of her still gloved hand. "You are doing so well my beauty. I hate to leave you again, Bella but I will be back shortly. It won't be long now until we look upon each other again." Jasper thanked the Fae once more before running back to the castle. The funeral service was a sombre affair and the only dry eyes around were that of Jasper and the Fae Queen, Rosaline. The countdown to Bella's awakening in Jasper's head was getting close and he was getting anxious to return to her. Once returning to the castle and collecting his few things from the room he'd been given, Jasper gave his condolences to the heartbroken King and Queen and said his goodbyes. Within minutes of leaving the castle, Jasper was back at Bella's side. Her transformation was close to being complete and Jasper marveled at the young woman in front of him. "You will be a Queen one day, my love… my Queen." Over the next few hours, everyone listened as Bella's heart finally started to stutter its last beats, and once it did, Jasper held his breath in anticipation… But when her eyes never opened, he looked up at Alice in question. "Kiss her, Jasper." She said with a smile. He looked down to the still sleeping beauty before him and smiled. "My pleasure… Awake my beauty." He whispered as he leant forward. His body lit up in a feeling he couldn't put words to as his lips met Bella's for the first time. Slowly, he pulled away and watched as her eyes opened to reveal fiery red irises looking back. "Hello my love." "You…" Bella whispered. "It's you…" "Yes, my beautiful Bella, it's me." Bella's hand reached up and gasped as her now ungloved hand touched the soft skin of Jasper's cheek. "I dreamed of you. I dreamed…" "What did you dream, Bella?" "That you… love me." Jasper's smile widened as he reached out and cupped her cheek with his own hand. "It was no dream, Bella, for I do love you… with everything that I am. I love you and will do until the end of time itself." It was but a few second in time but it was all Bella needed to understand that she felt the same. "Yes… yes, I… I feel the same. I love you too, but how?" "I will answer all of your questions soon, my love, but first… are you hungry?" At his words, Bella gasped as her throat flared in hunger. Jasper quickly thanked the Pixies and fairies for all that they'd done over the last few days before saying goodbye so that he could feed his mate for the first time. Over the years that Jasper had returned to Fawkes and watched his mate as she grew into the woman she now was, he'd often wondered what it would look like to watch her hunt as he did… it was a vision he couldn't quite grasp. But now… as he stood back and watched his mate pull down a stag four times her size, his heart swelled in pride. She was magnificent! One day, he would bring her back to her lands and re-introduce her to the small but loyal creatures that had kept her safe from those that wished her harm, her whole life. "Come my beauty, I have a magnificent world to show you." Jasper said as he held out his hand. But Bella's belly was now full and the thrill of the hunt had morphed into something else. When her hand touched his, instinct had her pull him into her arms. "Bella?" "Kiss me again, my love." She whispered. Jasper couldn't contain his enjoyment of hearing her say those words. "It would be my pleasure, beautiful Bella." Jasper's arms encircled Bella's body an instant before his lips gently pressed against hers but that quickly changed. Bella couldn't control what she was feeling and without conscious thought, a growl of want emanated from the back of her throat. It was a sound that had Jasper lose his mind. Hands gripped hard and lips kissed deeply and when their eyes opened, Bella found herself pressed against a large Sequoia tree. "Please…" she whispered softly. If Jasper hadn't been so close, even he wouldn't have heard her plea. "What's happening, Jasper?" "Our need to complete our bond is calling to us. I love you, Bella, with every fibre of my being, I am yours." Instinct then took them over. As their hands explored previously unknown flesh, the invisible ties of fate that bought them together tightened and strengthened. Their bodies moved together as one in a sensuous dance that they would only perform for each other. The instant love and connection that was there from the beginning exploded into something neither being knew was possible. And when their bodies were finally sated, they lay pressed against each other on the soft forest floor and stared into each other's eyes. Neither needed verbal conformation of the other's love for it was easily seen in the eyes looking back at them. Above them, Alice and Peter sat unseen… I will miss them, Peter. Alice spoke to silently to her mate. Yes, as will I, my love. But you know that tales of their love will be told throughout years to come. They will become that of legends. Yes, that they will. Come now, my heart… Your promise of starting a family of our own is now here. Alice's laughter as Peter chased her through the treetops was that of tinkling bells. Jasper's arms tightened around Bella as he smiled at the images he'd just seen in Alice's mind. He couldn't wait to finally introduce his mate to his family, but that would have to wait for a little while longer… He wasn't finished getting to know her, himself. The End!