I began shimmying out of my jeans as soon as he dropped me on the bed. I realized that this was the point in the game where I should be attempting a sexy pose, but at the rate he was shedding clothing I was pretty sure I could stop trying. "Shit!" "What? What's wrong?" Please say nothing's wrong. "I don't have any condoms." Aha! I was prepared for this. I reached a hand down to my tiny panties, hopefully seductively, and pulled a foil-wrapped package out of the small pocket sewn on the front. "Holy mother of god that was sexy," he breathed before diving onto the bed next to me. He slid down the front of my underwear, rough fingers meeting my folds. "Ah, baby. You're so wet." Hoping that was a good thing, I rocked against his hand. "Please." "Tell me what you want." "More, please. I want more." It was like he sprouted a dozen extra hands all of the sudden, the sound of foil ripping echoed through the room as he covered himself while working a finger inside of me. "So tight," he muttered. "How are you so tight?" I refused to answer that question. He'd gotten two fingers inside of me now and the friction wasn't entirely pleasurable but I hoped for fast improvement. Pulling his fingers out, he tugged my panties off and yanked me toward him, wrapping my legs around his hips. Just before he entered me, he paused. "Are you sure?" What I'm positive was an incredulous look passed over my face. "Are you kidding me? Yes. Yes I'm sure." I was going to hit him if he didn't just get it over with. He sank into me slowly, making what appeared to be a heroic effort not to hurt me. He failed. Miserably. I felt like I was being ripped apart, tears were pouring down my face so fast I couldn't see, and I was sure that the moment was unequivocally ruined. I was, apparently, wrong. At least on his part, everything appeared to be incredible. I think he took my pained noises as moans of pleasure, so he responded accordingly, thrusts becoming faster and deeper. I found myself wondering if it was possible to require a trip to the emergency room from sex. Hello, doctor, I've been ripped apart by my deflowerer's monstrous cock...can you fix it? I felt a drop of sweat hit my face and realized that his exertion had caused it. Romance novels try to make that shit sexy. It's not. He slipped and slid above me, his sweat pooling and congealing against my skin. I was finally relaxing and catching the rhythm when he slipped out of me completely; it was only a minor foul until he (accidentally) prodded my backdoor in an attempt to reenter me. "Wrong hole," I cried out, not caring if the mood was ruined at that point. No way in hell did I plan on losing that virginity today, if ever. "Right. Sorry." He reached a hand down to guide himself back to the proper location and cautiously resumed his pace. Once assured he was in the right place, the awkwardness subsided and the frantic race toward orgasm reignited. His grunting and groaning was getting louder now, and the friction caused by his thrusts was drawing small noises of pleasure from me. Burying his face in my throat, he changed angles again and the sound of his balls slapping my ass filled the room. "Fuck—I'm so close. C'mon baby, come for me." Huh? How the hell was I supposed to do that? Hoping it wouldn't offend him, I slid a hand down between our bodies and rubbed my clit. Yeah, there it is. I came in a rush of heat that overwhelmed me and he followed quickly behind me, bursting the tip of the condom with the force of it. "Shit. I'm so sorry, Bella. Are...are you on anything?" Frozen for a minute, I almost lied. Almost gave him what he wanted so I wouldn't have to consider the possibilities of the truth. "No," I whispered, still panting in an attempt to catch my breath. A pained look crossed his face and I couldn't help but ask, "Has this happened to you before?" "Um...I've never actually done this before." "Oh. Oh! Neither have I." He grinned down at me and pushed off my body, creating a horrifying sucking sound as our combined sweat attempted to glue our torsos together. Gesturing at the blood on my thighs before he turned and headed toward the bathroom to, I assume, clean up, he replied, "I figured." There was a contemplative look on his face when he reentered the room and sat next to me on the bed. He used a damp washcloth to carefully clean my thighs. "It was only once," he rationalized out loud. "Yeah. And I don't even think it's the right time of month for it." I couldn't be more glad he wasn't Jake at that point, because Jake would've caught the lie. Quil didn't. Too wrapped up in his internal musings, he lay down next to me and hauled me in next to his body. "If...if something does happen, you'll tell me right?" I nodded against his chest and snuggled closer, wanting to soak up as much of his heat as possible before it was over and I had to go home. Knowing myself, this could very well be the one and only time I had sex, so I wanted to, I don't know, bask or something. In a silent refrain through my muddled brain ran two separate thoughts, one of a self-congratulatory nature and the other a somewhat desperate plea: I am an animal and Oh, God I hope I'm not pregnant. PS: Quil wanted me to tell you that it can only get better from here. It was his first time up to bat, after all. Also, the stealth trip to the backdoor was a total accident. Really.