They just laughed at me. And then... and then..." He collapsed to the cold concrete, hugging his knees and sobbing uncontrollably. I dropped to the ground and gathered him to me, letting him weep as he expurgated the whole horrific experience from his soul. It was getting cold; I remembered sleeping here and how bitterly cold it got when the north wind howled down the length of the alley. It was dry, that was all you could say about this place. Edward's face was in my neck as I rocked him, his cries lessening, emotionally spent. "Let's go, hmm? Let's leave this place – it's in the past now. You never have to come back here." He spoke into my neck. "It's hard to find dry places though. If the weather's bad enough, I'll end up here again eventually." His voice was desolate. My mind was already decided. "No, you won't. You're stuck with me now, if you want to be, that is." He looked up at me then, his face swollen and reddened with tears, wide eyes reflected in the deathly pallid light from the street beyond. "I can stay with you? But we won't have enough money and I won't keep eating your food. It isn't right - I need to work too." He was right, we would struggle, but we'd get by somehow. We had to. No way was I leaving him alone again. "Is that a yes?" He nodded awkwardly, his voice muffled. "I had a job once. But when I became homeless they wouldn't keep me on. Maybe I can find something at the market? I could ask. At least if they ask, I have an address now." I kissed his hair and smiled. "I think that's a great idea." Then he took my breath away, touching his soft lips to mine in a sweet, innocent kiss; the scene of his greatest terror cleansed by a moment of pure joy. ~o.O.o~ The atmosphere was light as we made our way to the market to buy supper. Tony commented on how happy we looked as I paid for my limp vegetables and overripe peaches. Edward decided there was no time like the present, and went to ask the traders if they knew of any work. With his hair washed and his clothes cleaned, he looked like any other hopeful young man looking for work, and I prayed he wasn't about to be disillusioned. I carried on, buying some chicken and a small wedge of cheese to go with the bread. When I was done, Edward was back at my side, a happy grin on his face. "I got something! It's only an hour a night, sweeping up after closing, but it's a start! At least now I can give you a few dollars for food." His face glowed, and my heart swelled. Throwing an arm around him, I pulled him in tight for a moment, whispering in his ear: "So proud of you." His face lit up, and I marvelled at how much my life had changed in a single day. After supper I boiled water until the bath was half full. Shucking off my clothes, I climbed in, hissing softly as my sore backside came into contact with the warm water. "Jasper? Are you okay?" He sounded worried and I called to him through the curtain. "Rough day, that's all. I sure hope tomorrow's a little easier or I won't be able to sit comfortably for a few days." "Can I come in?" I smiled at his tentative request. "Sure." I had long ago stopped being self-conscious about my body. I had to share it often enough. He shuffled around the curtain, and I looked up. "Want to join me? It's warm in here." He looked distressed, and I was hit with the abrupt realisation that no one had ever seen him naked, aside from his attackers. "Forget I said that. I don't want you to ever feel uncomfortable with me." Breathing in sharply, he met my gaze with a blush. "I feel safe with you, Jasper. Could you...?" I looked away as he peeled off his jeans, hearing both the denim and his sweater hit the floor. He hesitated before sliding off his underwear and stepping into the water with me. The bath was tiny, and in order to fit we had to be virtually wrapped around each other. It was heaven to me. I cupped my hands and ran warm water over his shoulders and back, before soaping my hands and washing him everywhere I could reach. He giggled as I washed under his arms and behind his ears like a mother would. Leaning forward, he kissed me again, making my heart pound, before wetting my hair and reaching for the shampoo. My eyes slipped closed when he began to massage my scalp, little moans of pleasure slipping from me as his fingers weaved a magic spell. Reaching under the tub, I felt for the cup I used to rinse off the soap, handing it to him. "Lean back..." Warm water cascaded over my head and down my back, cup after cup until I was relaxed to the point of sleepiness, all soap residues gone. Gently squeezing out the water from my locks, his thumbs massaged my temples and I groaned helplessly, my body loose and languid under his loving attentions. His voice was soft and sincere. "We're going to be okay, Jasper, I can feel it. Together we can take on the world. I don't want you getting hurt anymore by assholes who think that, just because they pay you, they can treat you however they want. You deserve so much more. This is only the beginning for us." My arms tightened around him in gratitude. And here I was thinking I had rescued him . For the first time in my life I felt a real sense of hope. Maybe, just maybe, we could carve out a better life. Together. ~o.O.o~