"You don't want me?" I couldn't help but ask. He shook his head. "You're too gorgeous for words Bella, but I wouldn't want to cross a line." "There would only be a line, if we drew one." I didn't know where I was going with this, I only knew that I liked the fire that was beginning to show in his eyes. Edward halted. "And I thought we did." Without thinking, I kissed him. Only lightly, but a real kiss none the less. I pulled away slightly when he didn't respond but his lips met mine again with talent. This boy could kiss, now I knew what all the hype was about. A hand of his wove itself into my hair while other tentatively placed itself on my hip. It began to get more heated as time went on, before long, we were panting. "Do you?...I mean, should we?..." I was too scared to ask. "Do you want to?" He queried, looking into my eyes as he held my face. "Please," Was all I said. We scrambled our way to my bedroom as it was closest, making out as we went. "You don't have to do this Bella." He stated, but I simply covered his mouth with my hand. "I want to." Clothes started coming off before we even hit the bed, and we fell onto it when I tripped over my jeans. Making us laugh again. Thankfully Edward always keeps a condom in his wallet. I wasn't a virgin, Mike took care of that Junior year. But Edward made me feel nothing I had ever felt before. But mostly loved. Mike and I never loved each other, not really. But the love Edward and I felt was due to years and years of friendship and respect. We moved in sync, my arms held by his hands above my head as he tenderly sucked on my right nipple. I tried to keep the moans quiet, but he was making it difficult as he whispered sweet but oh so sexy words into my ear. I rolled us over to gain some control, and he moved his hands to my ass to help me grind against him. His eyes rolled back into his head as we did this, His grip on my tightened as I ground myself down on him, my hands holding my hair back while biting my lip - keeping the moans at bay. "Bella," He whispered. "So. Good." We didn't last long after that, I had began to bounce the second he put his fingers on my sensitive bud. "Bella, please...Now." My body did as he asked, coming for the first time in my life. "Ed...ward," I whispered, my mouth making an 'o' shape as I fell into the abyss. He followed right after, slowly pulling me off of him and onto his chest. "Well." He started, catching his breath. "At least we don't have the curiosity of that anymore." I was instantly worried. Did he not like it? I wasn't as experience as some of the girls he had been with, maybe I didn't meet up to the expectations he had. I hesitated. "Was I not...Good?" I asked, embarrassed. "What?" His face turned to me, puzzled. "Bells, that was so fucking good. You have to know that." I smiled. "It was, wasn't it?" I agreed, kissing his barely hairy chest. "Bee, you have the single most sexiest come-face I've ever seen." "I do?" This was news to me. He looked at me like I was crazy. "Yeah, it's what sent me over the edge." We drifted off to a calm slumber. When we woke up, it wasn't as weird as I thought it would be, but naturally it was a little awkward. We didn't avoid each other, but kept our distance, silently letting each other know that it was a one time thing. The whole air of our group had changed though, and I didn't think it was completely because of us. Alice and Jasper weren't as cuddly as they used to be, and it seemed like Rosalie and Emmett were off-again...again. Jasper, Edward and Rosalie took one car, the rest of us took the other. And that's how it was like for the rest of the summer. Rosalie and Jasper were the first to leave, they were staying with their Uncle to get used to the town. Edward was next, and despite the awkwardness, we hugged tightly at the airport as he went. Alice held out as long as she could, but because she was a sorority pledge, she had to leave a week early. "Looks like it's just you and me, Kid." Emmett said, when we drove up to WSU. "yeah," I agreed. Emmett didn't let me be sad, he made us have car karaoke, the whole ride. He actually pulled off a pretty good "L ike a rhinestone cowboy". Jacob's arm hitting my face woke me up. Like it did every time we slept together. I looked at the clock, 6:03am it read. "Jake." I shook him, moving the arm from my face. "Hmm?" He groaned out. I giggled quietly, he wasn't a morning person. "I have to leave, gotta get ready for brunch with Em and Ali." "Okay, babe." He rolled over, snuggling back into the pillows. I picked up my clothes and dressed as quickly as my hungover mind would let me. "Love you," He mumbled, as I kiss him on the head before I left. "You too," I whispered. But for some reason it felt forced. A/N: So, what do you think? I've been dealing with some MAJOR writers block lately and am at my wits end when it comes to my other story "The little Things." I love that story so much and want to continue it, but I think I need to let the creative juices flow with another project to help inspire me into writing it again :) Take care everyone, please let met know what you think. xx