at first, to show just how precious you are to me but it heats up quickly. When I feel your legs wrap around my body, I can't help but moan out in… relief, happiness… contentment! Somehow, I remember where we are and we break apart. I may be hoping, but I'm sure that I see in your eyes, every bit of need and want reflected back to me. It's too early for that yet I think, but somehow I don't think it's too far away. -x- It's been six months since I first laid eyes on you and I still can't believe where we've ended up. By the end of this day, we'll be husband and wife. Yes, it's fast but we both know that we belong together. When I woke up this morning, well before the sun shone over the horizon, it was with a smile on my face. It's the same smile I've had on my face since I made a path up the beach with hundreds of shells with the help of Jasper, Alice and scores of local kids who'd watched me leave out your shells day after day. I stood waiting in 'the drop off point' as Alice calls it while holding a massive white Murex shell. Inside that shell, was a little pillow thingy that Alice had made and the ring I'd bought for you was tied onto it. You knew something was up as you walked closer to me. When I got down on one knee and said the words, 'I'm in love with you Bella Swan and I can't bear to spend one more day without you by my side. Would you please do me the honour of being my wife?' I was more nervous than ever before in my life. But then you smiled and closed the gap between us. ' I would love nothing more than to know you're mine. I would be proud to call you my husband. You are my heart and I love you with everything I am.' ' Is that a yes?" I asked smiling like a mad man. ' It most certainly is a yes, you crazy man…' I'm smiling as wide as my mouth can go as I remember that day. I never thought I'd feel such happiness again, but I was wrong. Right now, I feel like I'm about to explode. I laugh softly as I hear the men of my family on the other side of my bedroom door. Even though we've been living together for the last three months, we decided to do something traditional the night before we say 'I do'. So, I'm here in the house my parents bought when they too fell in love with this seaside town and you're in our home with the women in my family. -x- I'm standing in 'the spot'… the spot where it all began. The aisle leading up to where I'm standing is lined in pearl cone shells and starfish, the two shells that now represent your parents so much. When I see you finally walking towards me on the arm of my father, who I think loves you more than he does me, my heart nearly stops… You're breathtaking, an absolute vision in your simple white dress that flows gently around your bare feet. Well, I thought they were bare at first but now I can see something blingy… like strings of diamonds going from your toes to your ankles. I'll have to take a closer look later. I'm sure your smile matches mine and I'm so busy staring into your soulful eyes that I don't really register when the minister asks who gives you to me… not until everyone around us yells out… " We do!" As we say the words that bind us together forever, I count the seconds until the minister says the words I'm waiting for… You may kiss your bride… I'm actually kissing you before he says them though, much to everyone's amusement. I don't care in the slightest. I'm certain that I've waited for this day all my life and I can't be any prouder to call you my wife. With a silent thanks to your parents for bringing you into my life, we turn to face all of our friends and family. I can't take my eyes off you as your eyes glow with the happiness I so wanted to bring you. "You're glowing, Mrs Cullen." I whisper into your ear. "Yeah, I know... They say that's what happens when you're expecting." I actually stop breathing for a second. It's not a shock that you are, because we haven't actually done anything to stop it from happening, I'm just shocked it happened so quickly. After losing your parents, you became a firm believer that life was too short and you had to live every day to its fullest and that included having children when they were meant to arrive. I look down at your still flat tummy and place my hand there. When I look back up into your eyes, I can barely see them through the tears. "I love you, Bella. Thank you for coming into my life, for making every day extraordinary and for giving me more than I ever thought I'd have." Through shared tears and deep kisses, we celebrated our new life together and the one that we created, with everyone we love around us. Then as the night winds down, we leave for our honeymoon with their parting hugs and congratulations. But our celebrating had only just begun and I have plans to celebrate until we both passed out from exhaustion. When I held that pearly colored cone shell in my hand all those months ago, I never thought that it would change my life as it has. I can see now why people throughout history have valued shells as much as they did, they've brought me more than money could ever buy; they brought me you! THE END!