up for the party and you're not even going to go?" "I thought we weren't allowed? It's an elder's council thing, isn't it?" A wolfish grin spread across his face and suddenly I realized that Jacob Black wasn't the little kid that used to pull my pigtails on the playground anymore. "Not that party." I didn't even have to think about it. I recognized this for what it was; me, getting accepted by the rez's version of the 'cool kids', because my brother was one of them. I slipped my Toms on, grabbed my hoodie, and followed Jacob through the window. Watching Jacob climb down the side of my house I definitely believed that he'd done this before. He led me across the roof of the wraparound porch, around the corner of my room and towards the back of the house to a tree that was just past the window of Laken's room. And it was a perfect climbing tree. Practically a ladder. Embry Call was waiting on a four-wheeler in the woods behind the house. When I was six, before my parents split up and we moved to Eureka, California, Embry was my first kiss. And then about a month after that, my first boyfriend. I'd thought about him a lot when we first moved. "Hey, Indie." He smiled. "Embry." I nodded to him. There was a second ATV next to Embry's, which Jacob led me to. I climbed on behind Jacob, enjoying my hands on his hard stomach more than I would admit when I rehashed the night for Korie. We tore through the woods and I closed my eyes, the combination of the cool calm brought on by the breeze and the exhilaration of the speed we were going making me grin uncontrollably. As we got further and further from the village I slowly started to hear music. As the music got louder I started to hear voices and laughing. I opened my eyes. A hundred or so feet in front of us was a bonfire, people dancing and laughing and kissing around it. Jacob slowed to a stop and we climbed off. There were off-roading vehicles of all types scattered around the clearing. Four-wheelers, three-wheelers, dirt bikes, and even a couple Jeeps. There were way too many people for them to all be Quileute, and when I glanced around I realized that I was right, I recognized some faces from the Lower Elwha tribe to the East of us, and the Hoh tribe to the south of us. I wasn't surprised by the presence of the Hoh tribe, we'd always been friendly with them. Jacob took my hand to help me navigate the dark, uneven ground. Leah Clearwater met me at the edge of the clearing and pulled me into a hug. "Indie! I didn't know you were back in town." She pulled back and I smiled at her. "For about a week now. Where have you been?" "Roadtrip to Canada with some girlfriends. C'mon." She pulled me towards the bodies dancing and I let go of Jacob's hand to go with her. She led me to a group of girls that were about her age, her girlfriends, I guessed. One of them was Atoka, who came over to hug me. I danced with them for a while and Seth brought me several plastic cups of beer from a keg strapped to the back of someone's four-wheeler. I twirled and laughed with Leah and Seth, who I could tell felt awkward hitting on girls in front of his sister, and stuck with us instead. "So what brings you back to our part of the country, white girl?" Akota asked me. Usually 'white girl' was what you called someone when you wanted to insult them, but she gave me a teasing smile and pulled on my ponytail so I knew she was digging more at my blonde hair than my actual ethnicity. "Just missed everyone." I made a pouty face at her. "I'm thinking about staying for the school year. Get reacquainted with everyone and keep my mom company while Laken's away." "What about your dad? He won't get lonely?" Leah asked. I shook my head. "Nah, his girlfriend lives with him." "Is that why you really left? Didn't like her?" "No, she's awesome. I think I just wanted a change for a little while. And I really did miss it here." Atoka started to ask me another question when Leah groaned from behind me. "Who invited the HO-quaht ?" This time, I could tell she definitely meant it as an insult. I glanced around, trying to figure out who she was talking about. At the very edge of the fire's glow, Jacob stood with a girl. She had her arms crossed over her chest, she looked uncomfortable. Jacob looked subdued. Glancing behind me, I wondered if their standoffishness had anything to do with Jacob's friends. Leah was glaring at Jacob, and Paul was sending a not-exactly-friendly look at the girl. "Who is that?" Seth answered me, his voice whispering; so as not to set off his sister, I figured. "Her name's Bella. She's nice, but a lot of people here don't like her because of the way she strings Jake along. She tends to break his heart." Leah started to say something when she was interrupted by a howl from across the campfire, followed by laughter. Leah grabbed my hand and started towards the disarray of vehicles. "C'mon! It's time!" I was forced to run after her. "Time for what?" "Time to go!" I glanced around for Jacob, to let him know I was leaving. "Where's Jacob?" "Who needs him?" But I caught sight of him to my left and met his eyes. I pointed at Leah and he gave me a half-grin and raised his arms like 'what can you do?'. Leah pulled me towards a dirt bike and turned towards me. She had a huge grin on her face. "Are you ready for this?"