passed on his deepest condolences, both our names on the beautiful flowers that rested atop my friend's casket. The sweet man believed me, and the guilt ate away at my heart like acid. I could not say he was missing, that I feared I had already lost him, because, truth be told, I could not endanger another living soul. Whilst Charlie was oblivious, he was safe from her. At least I prayed it was so. My research had taught me little, other than to identify the beast in question. She had full power over him now; perhaps she had from that very first cold handshake. The thought made me shiver – I had shaken her hand too. Was that how I could see inside her head? Was I connected too? And if she realised this, how long did I have left before she stopped playing cat and mouse and hunted me down for real? My only option to save us was to slaughter this devil that was consuming him from within. I had armed myself with a sharp knife, hoping that if I got close enough I could use it. I wasn't stupid – I knew my chances were slim. On returning home from the funeral, I paused when I saw Carlisle's car in the driveway, the need to run to him still overruling my brain. Throwing open the door, I hastened into the living room and was instead met with the visage of the woman that haunted my dreams, the killer that hid behind a perfect facade of femininity. My breath left my chest in a panicked exhalation, my legs backing away in automatic self defence. My eyes flickered around the room, searching in vain for my husband; his absence crushed my last hope of ever seeing him again, for my life was slipping away, faster and faster with every breath I drew in. Pointless, useless adrenalin made me bold in those final minutes. "Is he here? Has he come back one last time to tell me it's over?" Her perfect smile was unchanging, her satisfied expression telling more than her words ever could. "I know what you are." My mouth was dry. "I know what you do. Mortal men – you take them and make them want you. Then you-you... you kill them." I swallowed, the action painful. "I just want you know that I love him – and I will always love him. He will never be completely yours while I still hold him in my heart." My words sounded so brave and defiant to my ears. She never moved. For the first time, I noticed her eyes in the light and stepped backward again in a reflex action. Blood red; she had red eyes. Had they been red before? No – they were a dark blue before, I could have sworn. My mind was skittering now, running scared without answers. The red eyes at the cemetery... oh my god. "Your husband is fine – I simply came to tell you that." He voice, so soft and musical, spoke the words as if offering the most banal of information. But it was her smile then; the display of perfect yet lethal white teeth that I had felt tear into Carlisle's neck, which tipped the scale from fear to anger. "You hell-bitch! He'll never be yours! I'll fight for him until my last breath!" "I'm sure you will. In fact, I'm counting on it." I heard my husband approach, the man I loved with all my heart was finally home. In the dimming light, a cold hand covered mine; dark, soulless eyes pinning me down. My heart hammered, fighting for its very life. "Carlisle?" His name, always so sweet on my lips, was now a bitter pill of loss, yet his smile still warmed my heart. "Esme - I'm thirsty, Sweetheart. I'm so glad you came home." My horror blossomed anew, taking in his almost black eyes, the irises a thin red band around the pupil. He still desired me, but this time I would never wake again. Rosalie was triumphant. "Tell me, Esme, how could I take his life and not offer him another? My desire for him runs too deep for me to just kill him now. He might have been yours as a human, but I made him immortal, gave him everlasting life and now he will love only me. I have the power to bend him to my will, to keep him by my side for eternity. It made sense to make him wait for his first drink – who else could it have been?" While she spoke, my body was pinned beneath that of my darling, his cold hands holding my head in order to find my throat. His teeth tearing into my neck was my death knell. I felt my life draining away, my screams matched only by the laughter of the vampire succubus behind him, her mate claimed, the battle won. My thumbnail scraped once, the hidden match in my hand flaring, adrenalin forcing my weakened arm upward. My hand found the softness of my love's hair, fingers taking one last caress before I touched the flame to it. In a drawn-out beat from my stuttering, faltering heart, I saw him burn, flailing backward into Rosalie. Sliding to the carpet, I let the match fall from my fingers, the flame catching the hem of the drapes and blazing up in a whoomph of heat before collapsing to the carpet onto a panicked Rosalie, embracing her in its hungry grasp. The last things my dying eyes would ever see whilst my failing heart beat its last were the two devils engulfed in fire, their unearthly, tortured screams ringing through the smoke until all was silence. ~xXx~ By the time the cleansing fire roared through the rest of the house, Esme's stare was forever fixed, the barest hint of a smile touching her lips before that too was erased from existence. The End