top. Grinning even wider I leave my room and go downstairs. "-All excited to celebrate Izzy's birthday. She's going to love what we have planned for her" Rosebush's voice comes from the kitchen. "This'll be good for her. I know she doesn't like to make a big deal out of her birthdays, but ever since she went to Phoenix to help Ash out, she's been having nightmares. She thinks I can't hear her, but I do. This morning I found her asleep on the couch. The T.V. was on and she had an empty bowl of ice cream beside her." At this, I refrain from going into the kitchen. Though I'm sure Rosebush knows I'm already here. "I get what you mean. The few times she's stayed over, she refused to sleep. None of us really knew why until…" the blonde trails softly. "Until what?" Charlie asks, his voice just as softly. "Until she woke up in a fit of rage. She kept calling out for Ashlyn, demanding where she was and what we did to her. It took both Esme and me to calm her down, since the guys were camping." I frown at this. I know the night she's talking about, I also know she's editing it for Charlie's sake. Deciding I've had enough of this, I purposefully make a noise before entering the kitchen. "Hey" I say cheerfully. Charlie and Rosebush look at me at the same time. Charlie smiling while Rosebush has concern leaking through her smile. "Hey, how's it feel to be an adult in the eyes of the law?" Charlie asks teasingly. I shrug and take a seat. "I don't feel any different if that's what you're asking. This just feels like any other day" I confess. "Seriously? You're eighteen now! You can buy scratch-its if you really wanted to" Rosebush tells me. I roll my eyes and give her a mock grin. "Oh yeah, because scratch-it's are on the top of my 'things to do when I turn eighteen list.'" "You're such a weird person. How can you not be excited? Besides, I've gotten your dad's permission to help you ditch school today, so be grateful for that at least" she teases. I raise my eyebrows at this and look to my dad. "Seriously? You're letting me ditch?" I ask incredulously. Charlie is always such a stickler for the rules, which is even more apparent after he became Chief of Police. So the fact he's letting me ditch school today is shocking. "Of course. Izzy it's your eighteenth birthday. This is the second most important birthday you're ever going to have. You're one of the most responsible people I've ever met, and you've been doing pretty good since with following the agreements of your punishment. So, as another part of your birthday present, I'm going to lift your grounding as well. Be warned though kiddo, pull another stunt like that without informing me again and you'll wish you were out of the state" with that, Charlie gets up, kisses me on the head, pats Rosebush's shoulder and heads off to work. Rosebush and I just sit in silence before we burst out laughing. Honestly I'm not sure why that's so funny, it just is. "Well then…that was…random?" Rosebush giggles. I chuckle as well, trying to get myself to calm down. "Agreed…so, I'm assuming since you're here bailing me out, we're doing something together?" At my question, she turns to me, grinning wickedly. Her amber eyes glittering mischievously, vaguely reminding me of Em. "Oh honey, you have no idea for the things I have planned for us" A shiver runs down my spine at the tone of her voice. With that said and done, we both leave the house. I make sure to lock the door behind us and then follow Rosebush to her Mustang Convertible. Kit: Hey guys, I really, really hope you liked the re-write! It's taken me a long time to actually get it re-written. Before now, I've hated everything I wrote, but with this I like it. In this re-written chapter, we get to see a bit more of a detailed version of how Izzy is handling the fact she's half vampire half human. Since I never really into much detail about that before. It really bothered me, so we'll see her reflect on her new status in more depth at a later time. For now, she's going to have a fun time with her bestie! *Yes, you did read it right, Emmett was actually crying from laughing so hard. I hated how Stephanie Meyer not only took away their ability to sleep, but their ability to cry. I hated that, so I thought, if they can't sleep, they're going to be able to cry dammit! Plus I'm pretty sure there've been times when the Twilight characters wanted to cry, but couldn't because of their inability to shed tears. So I'm balancing it out. I'm also going to to throw in a few more surprises that I hope you readers will enjoy! As always, reviews are appreciated and please let me know what you guys think of this re-write! I want to hear your thoughts and opinions! I will also try to get the second chapter up by next Saturday at the latest! If not, then you guys have my full permission to flood me with Reviews and PM's demanding chapter 2. I will be honest though, there are going to be times I can't always update on a regular schedule. For one, life won't let me and two I'm also working on another story that I'm a lot further in than this currently. I won't let either story hinder the other's progress though. I will find a balance and I will make sure to give each updates equal attention. So please remember I'M NOT ABANDONING FULL MOON AS YOU CAN CLEARLY SEE THIS IS JUST ME GIVING YOU GUYS A FAIR WARNING! Hope you guys enjoyed this! Sincerely, -Kit