relaxed since the day before it all happened. "Okay. So, finances." I cringed. I didn't like the idea of putting him out, and he chuckled. I'd get a job if I was capable of doing, like, anything. But I wasn't. "Your house has been sold, and we won the claim for your mother's life insurance. I have both of them set up in an account for you, but you're probably going to want to save that money for college or whatever." I winced. I doubted I'd be able to attend a big university if I couldn't even deal with the thought of going to the tiny high school here. "Hey, none of that. There are a world of options, we'll figure something out later. We don't have to worry about it now." I nodded. "So, you won't have to worry about food or any of that shit, but I was thinking of giving you an allowance or something for anything else you might need?" I shook my head. No, I didn't want his money. He sighed. "Yeah, I figured. Which is why I got you a job." I froze. "Calm down, you'll be fine. We need someone to start making electronic copies of our old records. You can work here from home, or in a room by yourself at the station. It's your call." I can do it here? He smiled brightly. "Yup. And it will look good on your resume." My face split with my smile, and I was just so. Damn. Happy! A job . I will be employed. He laughed at something in my expression. "Excellent. The only thing we need to work out is how many hours a week you want to work. You'll have to come in to sign out the documents, then bring them back when you finish them. It's up to you how many days a week you want to do it." Can I come in on the days you're working? He gave me a gentle nod and a smile, and I relaxed, giving him a grateful smile in return. "You're very welcome," he said with a wink. "So, besides that just keep your room clean, if you make a mess somewhere clean it up, and you're doing your own laundry." I rolled my eyes. Charlie was not washing my clothes, I wouldn't let him even if he wanted to. "How are you in the kitchen?" I can get by. It's been a while though. He chuckled. "Well, I'm not home for dinner most of the time, I usually just grab a meal from the diner. But I was thinking we could alternate dinner duty on the nights I have off?" I gave him a thumbs-up. Very reasonable. "You know, you're making this a little too damn easy kid. You're a teenager, rebel or something. Just don't get caught, I'd feel like a shit if I had to arrest you." I laughed again, kind of, making him smile. "So, do you want to go grab your stuff from the school now? I can show you around a bit more too, now that it's light out and everything." He gave me a long minute to relax after that statement, waiting patiently until I gave him a nod. "Great, let's get this party started." He got up, and I ran to grab my purse from my room before coming back out. He tossed me the same set of keys as yesterday that I'd left in the bowl in the kitchen. "You okay driving? You'll remember better if you do it yourself." I nodded, a little weirded out by the fact he was going to let me drive the cruiser, but he opened the door to his garage and waved me in ahead of him. He hit the lights, and I kind of wheezed in lieu of a laugh. It was an adorable, vintage, robin's egg blue Volkswagen. Picturing him driving this… it was too much. He just lost so many manly points in my book, not that I'd ever tell him. I smiled at him, and he rolled his eyes. "Fuck off, this is your car, not mine," he laughed. I just gaped at him. "What? You needed some way to get to and from work. This is easier than chauffeuring you around." My eyes watered. I can't believe he bought me a damn car. "Shit, Bells, please don't cry," he said in a panicked voice. Which made me feel even worse. I wanted to give him a hug so badly, and I knew he gave the best hugs in the world. And it's been so long since I've touched someone. That ache, that big black hole in my chest opened up, and I felt like I was drowning. I wrapped my arms around my self tightly, breathing raggedly, trying to stop my body from crumbling apart because it felt like it would at any moment. I looked up at him, trying to apologize with my eyes, praying he could see how sorry I was, how grateful and thankful I was. And he looked like he was in excruciating pain as well, not knowing what to do. I knew he wanted to hug me too, to comfort me, but he didn't know how. But then, he wrapped his arms around himself like me, and I closed my eyes, trying to pretend my arms were someone else's. It didn't help, it just freaked me out trying to picture someone else holding me. Restraining me. And then I could feel the hands again, on my wrists, my ankles, my head, holding me down, and I couldn't breathe. I was gasping but I couldn't pull in any air. Black spots started to cloud my vision, and a wave of dizziness washed over me before everything went black. A/N : Please let me know what you think! Next chapter starts with EPOV, leave me some reviews and I'll try to put it up tomorrow ;) Take care! - Kitty