easily found a pair that was his size. He grabbed a thermal shirt and jeans in his sizes and went to the coat rack, but stopped. He didn't want anyone to think that all their stuff was being stolen. He would split up where he took stuff. He felt a little bad about taking all their stuff, but he couldn't walk around naked could he? He went back out the door before someone woke up. He went further down the street to another house where he, he decided, would get a jacket. He found the oldest jacket there and grabbed it, he might not actually need it, but people would need to see it. He crossed the street and on yet another back porch, they must be a trend, got underwear and socks. Holding all the clothes in his mouth he plunged back into the trees and started back to the inn. They were right next to a National Forest so he assumed that they had business from campers and such, and they would need extra help. He followed the road from the side; he didn't want to be out in the open like that again. Now more so than earlier since he had all these clothes in his mouth. He was walking past the sign for Bliss Pond when he heard the howling. It was louder than any noise the pack had ever made, even when he had been injured during the vampire fight. Jesus Christ, that pack must be huge. No wonder they call the inn Wolf Run Inn. God, wonder if they cause any trouble for the people that run it? Jacob was expecting one of those little country inns that you always see featured in a magazine. He was really wrong. The place was huge! Like one of those Southern Mansions had been ripped up and placed down in the Vermont woods. There had to be like 150 rooms, easy. Yeah, big places like this were always looking to hire people out. He could get a job here. Jacob glanced up and studied the sky, there was almost an hour till sunrise, he could wait that long. Jacob was human, dressed, and ready to go when the first lights downstairs came on. He cleared his throat as he walked to the front door so it wouldn't sound rusty, and knocked. A tall woman with dark blond hair opened the door. "Yes?" her eyes skimmed up and down him, she seemed surprised at how tall he was. "Hello ma'am," Jacob licked his lips and continued. "My name's Jacob Back. I was wondering if you needed any extra help with labor or something. I'd be willing to trade it for room and board." "Hmmm, would you now?" She stepped back and appraised him. "Come in, Mr. Black. I'm Vivian Baptiste; you may call me Mrs. Baptiste. You can talk with my husband about the job, though I'm sure that we can find something for you to do." She led him through the house which was just as cool on the inside as it was on the outside. Pictures of people lined the hallways of the top floor; most of the subjects were repeated. "My family," was all she said when she caught him staring. She stopped in front of an impressive door and knocked before entering. A huge man sat behind the desk, looking like he was going over figures with a tall lanky man that looked to be about the same age as Mrs. Baptiste. "Gabriel?" "Hey Viv, who's that?" Gabriel focused his attention on the large Native American man that stood behind his wife. There weren't that many Native Americans around here though there were tribes in the state. "This is Jacob Black; he's looking for work in exchange for room and board. He was wondering if we had anything for him." Gabriel leaned on his desk and sized the boy up, he could do for some of the more manual labor that they had. "Sure, I think that we could come to an arrangement. Greg, come you come back later? We'll finish the tax stuff then." "Whatever you want, Gabe." Greg strolled out the door and closed it behind him. "So, young man. How old are you? Where are you from? And do you have any special skills that could be useful to us here?" "Well, I'm 18 as of like a week ago. I use to live on the La Push Reservation in Washington State, and I can do carpentry really well." "You can work with wood?" At Jacob's nod he stood up and walked over to one of many filing cabinets that lined a wall. He pulled some files and walked back to the desk. "Okay, you're hired on a probation period. Here are all the government forms; we'll need some form of ID..." "Uh, my backpack got stolen outside Albany. I don't have my license or anything. But I could call my dad and he could mail the right stuff, like a birth certificate or something." Jacob quickly lied about his lack of personal items and ID. "Is that why you are looking for a job?" "Kinda, wanted to settle somewhere for a while." "Okay, well, we'll worry about paperwork later than. Let me walk you down to the shop and introduce you to Tristan and Henri. They work there too." Gabriel stood up and pulled a heavy coat off a hanger and started to the door when he suddenly stopped. "Ah, Jacob? There are girls here, uh, teenagers about your age and younger. No offense is meant but..." "Keep my hands off them?" Gabriel winced, "I wasn't going to say it like that, but yes. It isn't because you're an Indian. It's just... we tend to sort of keep things in the family." "It's alright. I promise that I won't touch any of them, unless it's a life threatening situation." "Good, that's good." Again please review Please helps me update faster