fingers, while I rested on the opposite elbow. Bella's breath began coming in pants as I pinched and rolled a nipple. Her moans had me moving faster, the urge to pound into her overtaking me. "Yes," she hissed out as I shifted back and changed the angle, thrusting harder and faster. I could feel my impending orgasm rushing down my spine and up from my toes. My hand slipped between our bodies, stroking the swollen bundle of nerves at her apex. I watched as her head thrashed back and forth on the pillow, eyes closed tightly and cheeks flushed. My fingers picked up speed, my entire being wanting to see her fall apart before I did. She gasped and arched up just as her walls began to clench around me. No longer able to hold back, I followed her over the edge, coming hard and fast with a low groan and then collapsing down on her. A few minutes later I moved to roll off to the side, but her arms tightened around me. "Stay," she said quietly, and I had a feeling she wasn't just talking about our current position. "I'm not going anywhere," I responded, only moving enough that I wasn't crushing her. I was close to drifting off a while later when I heard Bella's quiet voice. "We need a name." "What?" I opened my eyes to look at her, the first thing coming to mind was that I wanted to call her "girlfriend." But even my orgasm-addled brain was pretty sure that wasn't what she was talking about. "For the duo," she clarified, her fingers lazily moving up and down my spine. "We need a name. We can't just go by Edward Cullen and Bella Swan." "How about Bella Swan and Edward Cullen?" I teased. She slapped my bicep, giggling lightly. "You know what I mean." I grabbed her hand and kissed her knuckles before holding it between our bodies as I thought of what we could call ourselves. My mind raced back over the short time since I'd met Bella, looking for anything that might stand out as speaking of us and this connection we shared. It was only when I remembered her mumbled words from the music shop, the words that had called to me and made me ask her to sing with me, that I finally spoke up. "How about The Dreamers?" A smile slowly spread across her cheeks before she kissed me fully. "Perfect." The following morning, I begrudgingly left Bella's apartment to go home and change, but not before showering with her and finally getting a true taste of her delicious body. Once in clean clothes, I stopped by the studio and picked up the copies of our demo, heading right back out and over to the offices of Volturi Records. The receptionist assured me Kate would receive the CD and my note in a few hours, as she was out of the office on business when I stopped in. I made sure to leave both Bella's and my cell phone numbers on the note, thanking her again for taking an interest in us. Even if this went nowhere, at least we'd have the demo available and could try marketing it to other labels. Kate called me around four that afternoon to let me know she got the disc and would be pitching it on Friday. She did warn me that decisions weren't usually made quickly but promised she'd be in touch as soon as she heard anything. Had it not been for Bella's and my budding relationship, the following two weeks would have dragged by. Our newfound intimacy had us using every spare moment to be together, typically resulting in one of us staying over at the other's apartment. As much as I wanted to take her out on a date, our schedules didn't mesh on evenings we didn't work so we had to settle for late nights and early mornings together, getting to know each other better into the wee hours of the morning and sometimes practicing songs. I didn't have any gigs lined up, but I called Jasper and he assured us a spot in the next open mic night he arranged. Another day at work had me finishing up fitting an elementary school kid for a rental violin when the shop door swung open and a cold breeze hit me. I looked up in time to see Bella rush inside, my eyebrows furrowing when I glanced at the clock. "Bella? Everything okay?" I asked, hastily walking toward her. Her eyes were bright and her smile wide when she met my gaze. She nodded, meeting me in front of the counter. "Why aren't you at work?" I questioned when she didn't say anything. "This couldn't wait," she said, her body nearly vibrating. "What's going on?" "Kate called me." She waved her cell phone at me. "She tried to get a hold of you but you didn't answer." "My phone's in the back." I took her free hand and pulled her with me to lean my hip on the glass case. "What did she say?" Her smile widened even more and the words tumbled from her mouth. "We got it. The brothers loved the demo. They're offering us a deal." It took a minute for me to form words while my jaw hung open. "Seriously? We got a deal?" I squeezed her hand and pulled her even closer, excitement filling my body and making every inch of me want her near. She nodded vigorously just as Mike's voice rang out. "No personal business on company time!" he shouted across the store. My eyes pleaded with Bella to tell me this was real, that for once I wasn't dreaming. Her smile remained, dimple deepening as her chin dipped in a slight nod. Without removing my eyes from Bella, I called out, "I quit, Mike." And then I pulled her to me fully and kissed her for all I was worth.