tap into the mind of the people inside. I hate doing this because most of them are horny, immature teenagers trapped in the bodies of college kids, but it is necessary at the moment. I manage to sort through the crap and find her. Room 304. I look at the windows on the third floor and I see a light turn on. Sweat. Now what? I could wait until she goes to sleep and then make my way to her room. With what end I wasn't sure but I was going to do that anyways. A few hours later her roommate had gotten back from dance class and they were now getting ready to go to bed. The roommate presented a problem… I had decided to still sneak in and try to find out what I could about her. I was listening to Angela's thoughts, Bella's roommate, all night. Bella was very quiet and she was hunched over piles of paper on her desk. She said she was okay and Angela was not the snooping type so she didn't try to see what had her so absorbed. But I am. I couldn't resist seeing Bella change in the pajamas through Angela's mind. She took off her top and put a large t-shirt over her sexy black bra. I should probably not be snooping that much. I was about to leave Angela's head when Bella pulled off her jeans to reveal a matching thong. She jumped under the blanket and turned off her bedside lamp. Was it wrong that I just saw her strip? Probably. But I was experiencing a physical attraction to her that I hadn't felt before. Plus, she masturbated in front of me earlier. I wanted to touch her creamy flesh and I was disappointed when Angela turned around and got into her own bed. I have seen many naked women. Too many. None had the amazing swells I saw in Bella's bra, or the bright pink nipples I could detect through the lace. I wanted to suck on them so hard until she moaned my name. I might be in trouble. I haven't been this horny since I first turned. I see the last light switch off in the bedroom and I look around me. No one in sight. I hone in on Angela's thoughts. I hear Bella's breathing change and soon after Angela snoozes off too. I noticed earlier that they left their window a fraction open. They normally wouldn't have anything to worry about, being on the third floor and all, but I was no common predator. It was almost too easy to use the protruding bricks to lift my body up and scale the wall until I was outside their window. I tried to push the window open more so I could slide in. The terrible screeching pierced my ears and I stopped. Shit. I looked at the window better and I realized that it needed some oiling. I didn't have any. Think damn it. Knowing I will regret my decision, I breathed the air coming from the room. Bella's irresistible scent made my mouth fill with venom immediately. I spit into the part that was making the noise, effectively providing it with enough liquid to push up the window. I eased my body into the room and took my surroundings. The girls had steady heartbeats and breathing. I moved to the desk without looking at the beautiful girl on the bed. I know that if I got a glimpse I would have to spend some time really looking at her. I moved to the desk with haste and started reading through the papers. After only a few seconds of reading I started swearing in my head. Son-of-bitch. Motherfucker. Shit. Fuck, fuck, fuck. FUCK! What she had been working on was listing the things she had noticed that made me a vampire. Apparently Jacob Black, the current alpha of the pack of shape shifters from Forks, had told her everything about us. About a hundred years ago we had made a treaty with them and they knew of our secret. A different Black was alpha at the time and he must have passed some of it to his offspring. Black had no right to tell Bella any of this. What was worse was that she was positive of who I was and more horrifically, what I was. The rule that we had set was so simple and forward in this case that there was no doubt what the consequences were. Any human caught with enough evidence, or even enough suspicion, needed to be eliminated before they could reveal us. No. The thought was so clear in my mind that I did not even try to reason with myself. The family could not know that Bella knew. No way was I letting her die. I turned to look at her then and was stunned by her beauty once again. In the back of my mind I was aware of the irony that today I didn't even know her, still didn't, but the prospect of seeing her dead is something I don't want to deal with. I jump out of the window, taking her notes with me, rushing out and running as far away as possible so Alec and Demetri don't catch me here. I am glad I am the one with the mind reading ability and no one can hear the truth I know and am willing to hide. I think I am fucked. Thank you for reading! This is the updated version of the story I started a few months ago. I have spent more time thinking about the problems I run to and the issues you guys pointed out. If you still think there are things that could be worked on, please let me know and I will do my best. Thank you again and let me know what you think of the changes. More chapters will follow in the next few days.