once she can get it trimmed. The heart shaped face, with the big brown doe eyes and the porcelain skin should have men turning their heads, no matter what the age. And her body! Now only if she didn't cover it in the shapeless UDUB sweatshirt. The jeans work, but not the converses she is wearing underneath. Bella sighs and tells Alice, "It has been great to meet you, but I need to get these in the house." Jake didn't show up again. Bella looks at her watch and shakes her head, why does it not surprise her at the least? Alice frowns and then she calls softly under her breath, "Emmett, we need your help." Emmett grins hearing her call and he hurries over to his sister. Bella happens to turn as he walks up and she jumps again. "Whoa." He grabs her to prevent her from falling again. Alice laughs that tinkling sound and tells her, "This is my brother Emmett. We have more siblings on their way, but the two of us…umm hurried to be here first." Bella shakes her head as she laughs to herself. "Well, the eyes and coloring match, but not the body types!" Emmett and Alice quickly glance at each other, shocked that she has picked up on that so quickly. Emmett casually comments, "Not too sure how we all have those same features, my oldest brother is trying to figure out how our parents got all of us. But, there are few actual siblings in the family. My Rosalie and her brother Jasper Hale, then there is the munchkin and her twin brother Edward Masen. Carlisle and I are the only two not physically related to anyone else. To make it easier on outsiders, we all have taken the surname Cullen." Bella didn't miss the possessiveness over Rosalie's name. But she sees nothing wrong with it if they are not all related. She just grabs a box and tells them, "Nice to meet you, but I really need to get these in before it rains." Emmett realizes Alice called him over to help and he grabs a couple of boxes. He acts like they are heavy when he realizes that they say books, but he tells her, "Lead on. I will help. My parents raised me to help out a lady." Bella blushes and she murmurs a thank you. There is no time to waste as they all look at the clouds above. After 30 minutes of getting her boxes in, Emmett asks about the truck."Is it yours?" Bella nods as she tries to find the coffee maker. She is cold and needs to make some to warm up. She answers Emmett absently, "Yeah. It was a gift when I moved here when I was 17. But, unfortunately, I am going to be replacing it soon." Bella soon finds the coffee maker and then turns to ask the two siblings, "Do you want any?" Shaking it slightly to let them know what she is talking about. Alice smiles at her and glides gracefully to her side. "No, but thank you, Bella. Emmett and I need to get back to the house to meet with the rest of the family. Why don't you come over later tomorrow? Everyone but Edward and Carlisle will be here by then." Get more of them used to her. Edward will be the challenge. Bella looks at her and tries to get out of it, "I will need to be unpacking-" Alice interrupts her, "Nonsense! I will come to help out on Saturday. Come over whenever you feel like, but no later 11. See you then!" Alice skips out of the house. Bella stands there watching after her bemusedly. Emmett watches the woman who the Cullens came for. He doesn't know how she will affect the family, but Alice is anxious to get her integrated into the family. He reaches over, hugs Bella and tells her, "Don't worry about it Belly. She's always like this." Bella laughs over her nickname he granted her earlier and tells him, "And let me guess, you are always like this." He grins down at her and releases her. "You betcha! Have a good night Bella. If you need anything, we will be next door." He turns to walk out and waits outside until he hears the doors lock. Time to see what information he can get from the pipsqueak. WOW! I haven't typed out a chapter in 2 hours for awhile. But then, I am trying to incorporate a movie in my last one, and they take longer. So here is the deal. My other readers in Alice 2009 know I RESEARCH. Yep I look up things, pictures and so forth. I also love to play mind games, even with myself. I will throw things in earlier chapters that will have huge significance later. You should see them go like crazy now over details. I also post pictures on my Facebook account which is listed on my profile. In fact the cars, pics of Bella and Carlisle and their houses are all posted. I chat on there a lot to my readers and ask for input and so forth. One of the biggest reasons I talk on there also is I open it up for music. I HAVE to write to music and find the right song. The words always find their way somewhere, or the picture they paint is in there. Lastly, Reviews. I have written stories in rewards to reviews. That is how Tea Shoppe has come about. But I answer EVERY single one. Even those that say: I like this; Great job; and so forth. Reviews make my day and make it where I want to work on chapters. Well it is late, and I have not even gone back over this. Please hit that button below and review. You will make me so very happy, happier than Alice when she gets to redo all of Carlisle's closest. Fairfarren~Wendy