tell me" she smiled shrewdly "And I'll tell you something about Angelica" "I saw three men standing across from us before we entered the restaurant. I thought I recognised one as the robber... the robber that had..." I had begun the story in a rush and then I couldn't finish. The man's face flashed over my eyes, rage and misery-horrible things to live in ones heart. "Cleverer than Angelica" she smiled. "Maybe you get that from your father... your real one" I looked at her closely. She liked that I was not shocked by her revelation, she liked that I knew; sweet Aunt May was always too perceptive and entirely straight to the point. "Your father is a careful man" she said slowly, sadness seeping into her voice "I was immediately suspicious when he said he was going to marry a woman that had never been mentioned. Of course, it should have made sense when I met her and she was pregnant... but you see, it didn't. Your father is a careful man... that would be too easy a mistake, getting Angelica pregnant" "He is a good man" the tears did fall then, two hot ones tumbling down my cheeks. Their trail was immediately replaced by another pair and then another... I was sobbing without wanting too, crying with everything I had and miserable. "He is" she sighed, releasing my hand and wrapping her small arm as best as she could around my shoulders. She kissed the side of my head and nudged me with hers "A good man and your mother... she was a brave woman. I'd like to believe she loved my brother and she gave him as much as she could but she came from danger and that danger followed her. It will always follow her, as long as her blood is in you and the twins" Xx~xx~xX We were cuddled in my bed. The three days had gone in a haze, and the concept that we were orphans had not been handled yet. Orphaned. In danger. Afraid. Alone... with each other. "Angela?" I wasn't shocked to hear his voice. I knew he would find me. The sound of his voice pushed against the walls I had built; it pushed and pulled, heaved and wrecked at my resolve to be strong. My heart seemed to know that there was no need for me to be this strong alone when he could do it perfectly for me. I didn't want to start crying again; I was supposed to be so angered and past misery, I was supposed to be a knight fuelled by revenge. I wanted to be cold and hard, like a vampire... But I felt incredibly human and much less than that. "Are you awake?" he asked. I remained silent and he sighed, loud enough so I could hear and with enough effort that I knew he knew; my father was gone. "You are awake" he told me. I barely felt his weight on the edge of the bed, by my feet. He touched me through the blankets, moving his hand upwards until he reached the rim of the covers. I saw his white fingers hook there; it would have been a scary sight if I were some other girl who didn't have a vampire boyfriend. The covers came down slightly, exposing my head but I didn't move. I shut my eyes tightly and tried to fake being asleep. "I should have been..." I rose swiftly, so close to his face and scowled "Should have been there?" I asked him. He blinked in confusion, his eyes were dark but they had a far away glow and when he moved his head slightly to the window they shone like polished black pebbles. It was scary how they did that... but it was fascinating too. "Whether I had met you or not" I said firmly "My family was always going to be in danger. You can't... always be..." "I can!" he said impassioned, leaning forward. In his vehemence and determination, he somehow seemed helpless and afraid. It was incongruous but there it was... we could have been separated by death a few nights ago and where I was in the midst of trauma... he was in his own trauma of having me taken from me. "I will...!" "It's done, Edward" I touched his face and he closed his eyes. "It was them and it is done" "Not the same men surely...?" "Not the same but it doesnt't matter" I breathed. "They had similar purpose" "Will you stay here?" he asked looking at the sleeping boys. "Forks" I said. "Aunt May will come with us" "Why Forks...?" he pressed "Maybe you need to disappear..." he said and then his striking face twisted slightly "Maybe I should kill them all..." "Maybe because Forks is the safest place?" I tried to lead his face to mine but he was lost in something strange, terrible and seductive; violence. It was diminutive, hidden to the best of his capabilities but I could see it dancing in his eyes, begging to be shout from his pressed lips. "Forks with its vampires and wolves?" he said sardonically. "Precisely..." I said. "I'll protect you and the boys" he kissed my forehead. "I won't allow for you to know this... to feel... pain, ever again" "Irrational" "Dead serious" Were we would have laughed before, we stared at each there in silence for what seemed forever and when I blinked and ruined the enchantment it felt too short a time. I had thoughts I had not sifted through, decisions that were pending and he was here and I couldn't go through it; my rage and vengeance, and I was grateful when he didn't ask on it. He sat on the chair, watching me sleep and protecting my brothers from the world outside. A glowing beautiful angel in a black hoody, motionless in a worn armchair. AUTHORS NOTE: Welcome to Before I Die, the sequel to As I Am.