a James Bond movie. He did look a bit like a villain, actually. One of those really pretty, smooth villains. No, do not think about him being pretty. I took the note off the pad. Charlie was in the doorway when I turned. "He asked for 'Isabella'. I thought it was a telemarketer." "Huh, yeah, weird." "Strange name," he pressed. He was inordinately paranoid about unknown males. Why couldn't he switch off that cop trait when he came home . . . "Oh yeah, might be one of Jacob's friends," I said, extremely grateful to live next to an Indian reservation, making somebody named "Arrow" sound totally plausible. Maybe. I realized I actually didn't know anything about Native-American naming practices aside from what I'd seen in movies which were surely cliches. I held my breath and hoped Charlie was as uninformed as I was. But it turned out he wasn't particularly concerned about that part, and I fervently wished we could go back to why there was a person with a noun for a name calling me at ten pm because the next line of questioning was far more perilous. "He didn't sound like a kid." "Yeah, well, Jacob sounds like he's thirty-five on the phone." It was true, and I was relieved that it had the effect I wanted: he started to relax incrementally. "Thinking of going down to La Push this weekend?" Now he was casual, just being curious rather than suspicious. "Yeah, well, the rain could let up." Excellent answer. Utterly vague about intent. He shrugged and went back to the TV. I went upstairs to my room where I closed the door and took what felt like the first real breath I had taken since I picked up that coffee pot a little over an hour ago. I reread the note again carefully, like there could be some more revealing meaning hidden there. But it didn't tell me anything I didn't know. In fact, it created questions. Like why he would call during a time when he knew I wouldn't be home and if he expected me to call him now. It just said "call tomorrow". Charlie must have understood him wrong I decided because it was better than thinking he just didn't record a number and my one chance to talk to him again was gone. I carefully folded the note and put it on my desk in the corner, out of sight of my bed, after talking myself out of setting it on my nightstand. I changed quickly and got into bed. I was tired after two shifts at work, but as soon as I lay down I realized I was tired but not sleepy . The darkness felt private and safe, though, so I didn't turn on the light to read the way I usually would when I couldn't sleep. Instead, I let myself go over our encounter in my head. I dwelled on the most vivid points: When he said my name and the way it had sounded. His laugh when I asked him if he planned to kill me. How pissed off Andrea was when he didn't check her out and how he had looked at me. And asked me out. And when it seemed like he could hear our conversation from across the room. His odd giddiness when I told him I would go wherever-it-was with him. He was almost absurdly excited. He was definitely strange. Thinking about everything that had happened made me feel an uncharacteristic desire to giggle behind my hands like I was a Japanese school girl. I had finally seen him up close. And I would see him again. No, talk to him when I told him I couldn't see him. Oh, but I wanted to see him. Maybe it would be okay one time. He seemed like he had something planned and I was interested to know what it was. And I wanted to be near him. That was a very solid reason to cancel right there because those feelings were way past friendly. I tugged the sheet over my head like I could hide my own dumb expression from myself. So, so far beyond friendly . . . End Notes: Okay then, kids. Intriguing enough for you, I hope. I think it's fairly obvious that I am guilty of adverb and italics abuse. And, in this chapter only, of extreme forms of punctuation abuse. I am unapologetic about that but I will apologize for the number of times I use the word weird in this fic. It's actually weird that I did not notice how many times I was using it in the first draft because I'm generally very conscientious about word repetition. There are some issues with tenses in this chapter as well which I was too tired to fix. I've gotten impatient here and decided to post this earlier than I'd originally planned, meaning it got like three or four edits instead of six or twelve. Lastly, as a reader, I am criminally bad at reviewing stories because I get very caught up reading and forget. I implore you to overlook my own deficiencies and let me know what you thought. I even have a suggestion: I have noticed when writing AroBella dialogue that they tend to say hilarious things to each other that I do not even feel I can take credit for because it literally feels like they're coming out of nowhere and I seriously laughed hysterically throughout the writing of this story. So, at the end of each chapter, I will be putting my favorite line here, and I would love, love to know what your favorite line/scene was as well. From this chapter I chose a Bella line: "Well, you should learn to ask in a way that doesn't make it sound like you're going to murder me when we get wherever we're going." Thank you for reading! Future end notes will not be this long. I think.