needs love; patience to mend her broken heart, then may be you can reach that heart of the girl who was once whole and innocent long ago." Aro advised Marcus kindly. "Yes, Aro I will remember. I must get back, thank you for this." Marcus said as he took his leave. "You're welcome Brother, take care." Aro sighed then called for Jane. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx "Yes Master." Jane said as she approached Aro. "Please Jane, call me Aro. Come here...I wish to hold you," Aro stood and held his arms out to receive her in his embrace. Jane hurried into it and held him. After a time Jane pulled away and looked up into Aro's face. "What troubles you Aro, my love? Jane touched his face sweetly and he caught her hand and kissed it. "Come, let's go sit by the fire. I want to talk with you." Aro led her by the hand and sat her on his lap and cuddled her close. "In the light of recent events, I've come to be aware that I may have been over looking your feelings. Are you happy in our relationship, dear Jane?" "Yes...Why do you ask my love." She looked into his face searching his eyes for the truth. Aro never looked so shaken and his sudden concern for her feelings and thoughts were astonishing to her. In the many years they have been together, he never was worried for her, she figured he thought that this was a good arrangement and truth was, she got what she wanted...his love and admiration. "I am happy. I love you with all my heart. Why are you so uneasy. Shall I prove it. You want me to make love to you tonight?" She said with a wicked smile that disarmed him instantly and his wall of anxiety came down. "Oh my sweet love...I want you, yes." Aro sighed as she caught his lips with her own. The heat of their passions rose high as they stripped the clothes from each other. Aro laid her down and kissed her sweet lips and soon traveled his attentions all over her body. Her moans came softly to his ears and his purr rumbled in his chest causing her to go into a frenzy. She pulled him up and kissed him deeply. She pulled away, panting. "Take me Aro, I need you now!" He reached for her legs and positioned himself between them. As he rode the waves of pleasure, he looked deep in her eyes. Jane was startled by the amount of emotion swimming in his eyes. At times he looked to be in ecstasy and then switched to loving stares that filled her heart with such tenderness for him. He showed her he cared that night and that was everything to her. Jane poured her whole heart into loving him completly. Somehow, she sensed his need to be reassured in their love. He would not tell her his reasons for this sudden need but she kind of knew it. It was that girl. She had effected her master strangely. Well, whatever it was that was so troubling to him, by the time the fire of their desires were quenched in love-making, Jane was glad for it. Aro was amazing and she laid on his chest content, secure in his love and valued in his eyes. Back to Marcus as he came to his room... "Get OUT! I don't want you in here, stupid bitch!" Kindling screamed at Heidi. "Calm down, Kindling! You need to get changed out of those filthy clothes. It won't hurt for you to bathe either!" Heidi said as Marcus heard a struggle from behind the door. He opened his door and saw the women in a fight. Kindling was wrestling with Heidi as Heidi tried to coax her into the bathroom. "Ladies! Stop this! Heidi, I will take over now, thank you for trying but she's not going to be compliant right now. Let me talk to her." Marcus said coming to take Kindling from Heidi's grasp. "Yes, Master." Heidi moved to the other side of the room and waited for Marcus to single her to come back. "Now, Kindling is it?... I want you to calm down and listen to Heidi. She just wishes to be of help to you and she is right, you look like you can use a good bath and fresh clothes. Your clothes are dirty and torn. Please let her help you. It will also help you to relax." Marcus said as he pulled her into an embrace. She staggered into it and surrendered to his strength. She knew now that fighting was not going to get her anywhere. Marcus was too strong for her so she decided she was too emotionally drain to do this anymore and maybe she could get a moment of peace alone. She decided to get a bath and get the fresh clothes. Besides, she wouldn't have to look at him and be forced to listen to him ramble on and on about what he wanted from her. "Fine, I'll go! Let go of me!" "Okay, mi cara, easy now." Marcus let her go. She stepped away and went into the bathroom. "Heidi, be so kind and get her some clothes, thank you." Marcus said as Heidi made her way out to complete her task. When she entered, she shut the door and sighed against it. She walked over to the jacuzzi tub. As she turned on the taps she sat by the side and sobbed into her hands. She was exhausted from her emotions. This was unfair. She slowly stripped her clothes and got in. She settled into her hot bath and resolved to be free of these vampires that held her against her will. If being captive and mistreated taught her anything, it was how to survive and she will. If she bide her time right, she can find a way to escape from HIM once and for all.