that brown was the most boring eye colour there was. Not anymore. They were so deep, warm, intense . My brown-eyed girl, fucking gorgeous. My girl? What the hell is wrong with me? Get your shit together, Cullen. "Don't ask questions you don't want to know the answers to," she told me with a menacing smile. I shuddered, making her grin wider before she looked back at my sister. "What's your verdict sweetheart?" "I'd like to get it over with now, you sure you don't mind?" "Nope. You want somewhere more private, or right here?" Alice wanted to stay with us, and she got up and wove her way through the crowd before disappearing once again. She was back in what seemed like seconds, a sleek black laptop in her hands. She slid in next to Alice, but when she opened it up, her hand went to her ear as she scowled. "Just toss his ass Jake." Pause. "I don't give a shit." She sighed irritably, and pinched the bridge of her nose. "Fine, get Felix to pull him through and set him up with Carlos." Pause. "He's on my time right now, if I come down there and he has his dick in some girl's mouth, I'll cut it off, and then I'll fire his ass. Get it done." She pulled a blackberry out of her pocket, scrolled through something, then brought the phone to her ear. "Hey Carlos, It's B. Yeah, Felix is going to bring one by, just give him a fucking sandwich or something and put it on my tab, then put him in a cab. I'll stop by on my way out." Pause. "Bite me." She hung up, and put the phone back in her pocket and started typing. I'm glad I was sitting down, because I was full on hard right now listening to her talk like that. I wanted to marry this woman. Shut up! "Sorry about that," she said, voice all soft and comforting with my sister again. I was tempted to laugh. "What was that?" Rose asked curiously, leaning in like she was watching an engrossing soap opera. "Just a drunk causing a scene. Too plastered to send off in the streets, wouldn't be safe. He'll be better after he eats," she said absently, her eyes focusing on the keys of her laptop. Her fingers shot over the keys in a blur, but I couldn't hear the sound of them over the loud music. Alice leaned over to watch what she was doing curiously. I bet she could smell her hair from there. I reached out and took one of the strawberries off of the plate in front of Alice. It smelt better on this "B" woman, and I quickly popped it into my mouth. I wonder if she tasted like strawberries too. Her lips were just as red. Like she heard my thoughts, she finally looked up at me. I couldn't read her expression, but felt a drunken smile spread across my face without my permission. I wanted to touch her lips. "Hey Movie Star. Does it ever piss you off when all your fan girls follow you around and watch you?" I didn't understand the point of her random question, but nodded anyways. She waited expectantly for a minute, still watching me. "Take the fucking hint and stop staring at me." My eyes went wide, and Rose and Alice burst into laughter as B went back to typing furiously with a scowl on her face. I gaped at her for a moment, then looked across the room, still a little stunned. It was then that I realized I had been pretty much watching her for hours like a creepy stalker. What was wrong with me? And how long has she known I've been watching her? I couldn't stop my eyes from flickering back to her every once in a while though, just like I couldn't bring myself to leave. Her face was serious yet calm as my sister leaned into her, talking into her ear as she typed and watching the screen as she worked. She seemed to finish quickly, and walked away with her laptop only to come back five minutes later with the paper copies for Alice to sign. Once Alice signed them, she wished us a good night, and left without another glance. "Wow," Alice said, slumping in her seat and watching the door B disappeared through. "What?" Rose slid along the booth to sit closer to her. "She's… pretty intense," she said, and they both laughed while Rose nodded in agreement. "But she's really sweet at the same time. Why haven't I ever seen her here before?" "Because she does her job well," Rose said with a grin. "She's always been there though. Right from the beginning." "Is she gay?" Damn word vomit. Oh well, it's already out there. My company seemed to find my question hilarious, laughing to the point of tears and runny mascara. "What!" "No Edward, she is not gay. Just because a woman doesn't fall for your crap, doesn't automatically make her a lesbian," Rose cried through her laughter. "What crap? What are you talking about?" "Come on Edward, you've been openly gawking at her all night," Alice said knowingly. I sighed in irritation, slumping back into my seat when I realized I'd been even less inconspicuous that I'd thought. . . . . . . . . . . Thank you for reading! Reviews are the ultimate hang-over cure, and Edward's going to need them in the morning. ;) Please let me know what you think! There are songs with almost every chapter, all for their own little reasons, some more important than others. There are links to a few specific songs on my profile, but there's also a link to a playlist on YouTube for this story that has all the songs on it, in order. It's there if you want some tunes to go along with your reading!