he hadn't been so terrified, Edward would have found the secret passageway insanely cool, but that was just it. He was scared out of his wits. Emmett was still as white as a sheet, and Alice was crying softly into Emmett's shoulder. They followed Charlie and the light from his cell phone down the passage and into their four car garage. As ingenious as the escape route was, Edward and Emmett were both wondering why it was needed. It was extremely handy in this situation, but why were there strange people in their house who seemed to be after them? Charlie grabbed the keys of their dad's jeep, but Emmett snatched them from him. "You're drunk," he said simply. He set Alice down gently in the back seat and told her to buckle up. Charlie and Edward were about to get in when the door leading from the kitchen burst open and in came two men and one woman armed each with a different gun. "Drop the keys or I kill all of you," the woman said to Emmett. Emmett hesitated before dropping the keys. "Wise decision," she continued. "Now, where is your Carlisle Cullen?" She glared at each of the boys and Charlie in turn. Her glare was penetrating and made her brown eyes look almost dark red. Her face was small and could have been described as dainty if not for her glare and wickedly evil smile that danced across her lips. Her pale brown hair was cropped short. Her clothes, like those of her accomplices, were solid black. Unlike the men, hers were form-fitting showing off a slender figure. She looked too young to be commanding the other men, but they stood on either side as if awaiting orders. When neither Emmett nor Edward spoke, the woman took a step forward. "My name is Jane Ambrose from the secret organization known as the Volturi. Your father has made some discoveries that have captured our attention, and we would like to speak with him. It is not our wish to hurt you, so if you will tell us where he is, we will not lay a finger on any of you." Emmett snorted his cocky attitude getting the better of him. "Because I'm sure the guns are just a precaution," he snarled. "Naturally," Jane stated fluidly putting hers in the holster on her belt. The two men, however, still pointed their weapons at Charlie. "Now, children," she smiled sweetly, "your father has done some bad things with his new medical discoveries. I'm sorry to tell you this, but in the past six months, your father has killed 83 patients with a new drug." "You're lying," Emmett said darkly. Edward looked shocked. "Am I?" Jane asked still smiling. She focused her gaze on Edward. "He calls it his duty to expand his work for the greater good. That is what the Volturi do, but we do not make a deliberate effort to kill people." "Dad would never kill anyone," Emmett argued. Charlie shuffled his feet uneasily. Dr. Cullen would never hurt anyone, but Charlie knew he was very secretive about his work around the children. Emmett seemed to be insanely loyal to anyone he cared about, but Edward was far more impressionable. He was frowning at Jane's words, but he was not defending his father. Unlike Emmett, Edward was more attentive and noticed his father coming home late from work almost every night when he was in town. He had seen the patches of dried blood on his father's lab coat before he washed it. He had found the files of old cancer patients that were deceased in his father's study. Edward had not approached his dad and asked what he was doing, but ever since his mom had died, Carlisle had worked harder than ever. Edward thought things had gotten better when he met Esme. Like Jane had said, he'd heard his father talking on the phone with colleagues about this new drug, but he had talked about saving people, not killing them with it. At least that's what Edward thought he remembered hearing. Jane ran a hand through her hair and sighed. "You know boys, I came here looking for your father, but I think I'll return with someone better." She turned to face Edward. "You have potential, young one." Edward's eyes widened. Charlie shouted something at Emmett, but all Edward could see was Jane's hungry blood red eyes on his golden brown ones. Jane yelled something to her two accomplices, but Edward wasn't paying attention. For once in his life he couldn't focus. When he finally snapped out of his stupor, Emmett and Charlie were pinned to the ground with guns pointed at their throats. Jane grabbed Edward by the hair and dragged him away from his brother and Charlie. "You're coming with us," she cooed into his ear. Edward struggled which only caused the barrel of her gun to be thrust into his gut. "Do you have a death wish?" she asked. Another man joined her as she exited the garage. He whispered something in her ear and she nodded. She let go of Edward who immediately ran back towards the garage where his brother and Charlie were still on the ground. The last thing he saw before the man who looked a lot like Jane struck him with something hard on the head was his sister getting out of the car armed with her stuffed animal unicorn. Edward smiled. Alice kept her rock collection hidden inside the stuffing of her unicorn for safe keeping as she once told Edward. Edward had always thought it ridiculous, but as Alice raised to smash the unicorn on the head of the accomplice holding Emmett down, he could not have been more grateful for her stubbornness after telling her to get rid of her rock family. That was his last thought as his world turned black. Hope you all enjoyed! Please read and review! It is greatly appreciated!