number two was four seasons number three seafood and the fourth was a mystic my favourite. I took one piece of each of the first three and two of the fourth, my mom looked at my plate with worry in her eyes and the she looked at Michael, he had the same look. "You hungry kid ?" He was also looking at my plate now, I looked down at my plate and realised that I was really, really hungry something that didn't happen very often to me or never happened to me which was strange. "Yeah starving actually" I smiled at them and took a bite out of the pizza, we ate silently after that and by the time I was done I was still hungry but I didn't go for more because it wasn't like me to ever go for seconds. I wondered what the hell was wrong with me but decided to figure that out later right now I had an important question to ask. I leaned back in to my chair when I was done and starred at them. "So mom" she looked up from her plate and her one eyebrow rose. "What do you want" she sighed and put her pizza down, I was considering not asking at all but then thought of Daniel and how much he needed me right now and how much I needed to get out of this place for a while not that I hated it or anything. "I was thinking about the whole Washington thing and-" she cut me off before I could get my next words out. "We've spoken about this before and the answer is still no" she looked me dead in the eyes when she said it showing me that she wouldn't change her mind but even the strongest walls have their faults. I looked over at Michael silently asking him to help me with my eyes he caught the message and sighed and I smiled inside. "It will only be for the summer holidays and I will be with Daniel and his dad the whole time" she didn't look any closer to saying yes I had to pick up my game "come one mom you never let me do anything fun it will only be this one time and how much trouble could I get into anyway" I through a glance over to Michael indicating that it was time for him to help. "She has a point Tasha" my mother glared at him "I'm just saying, ember is a responsible kid she can take care of herself and like she said it will only be this one time" she was still glaring at him "How do you know that, sure it will be this one time but what about the next it will only be this one time and what if something happens to her" she was shouting at him now "What will happen to her" he said it calmly I could tell this was not going to end well. "You know exactly what could happen to her" I was confused when she said that and it looked like he was about to lose his cool. "Yes I do and so the hell what?" I was getting more and more confused by the second but I didn't want to stop them and ask whey so I stayed silent and just sat there. "So the hell what? She could get hurt or worse" "She won't!" he slammed his fist on the table; I had never seen them so pissed off before and never at each other. My mother turned to me "Ember go to your room" "No way I-" She cut me off again and she had this look in her eyes that scared me "Just do it" I got up and left to go to my room but I didn't instead I crept back to the kitchen I stayed where they wouldn't see or hear me. I heard my mother sigh. "Natasha you can't keep her safe forever she needs to do things on her own" Michael was calm now and I heard crying and my heart sank, I hated it when my mom cried. All of this felt like it was my fault. "What if he finds her what then" that got my attention and my guilt was forgotten, who was he, my father maybe? "His going to find her even if she stays here. She's no safer here than she would be there and I know that not the only reason you don't want her to go" And so the plot thickens, what where they trying so desperately to hid from me "You're scared she'll find him her father" I heard my mother sigh and everything was silent, I was holding my breath and my heart was racing at a million miles per second. "Fine I'll go talk to her but if anything happens to her it's on your head" I heard my mom push her chair back and I started to panic, that was my cue to leave and then he stopped her which made me stop. "She's like them, you know in every possible way I can even now see the changes" "I know that" "But then she's like us to" I didn't know what he meant by that. Who was them and how the hell was I like them. "I know and that's what scares me the most" I left after my mom said that I didn't know if they said anything more and I don't think I wanted to because now more than ever I was confused about who I was… Chapter one is done how awesome, I thought about a lot of ways this would go and it come down to this. Something's in the story are pretty obvious and I have a few questions for you guys to see if noticed them, so question 1) Who is Daniel related to? And .Question 2) Who is Embers father? Kimber-light