shoulders. "Edward, please." He pulls back, stepping away from me and scrubbing his face with his hands, looking flushed and shocked. "Bella ... I just ... God, I didn't mean to. I'd forgotten-... too much ..." We both stand there in shocked silence for a few seconds, our rough, heavy panting echoing off the hard brick walls, our eyes screaming desires to each other that our minds and bodies aren't willing to act upon. "That was too far," I say breathlessly, trying to make it seem like we're still taking about stage kisses. "Way too far." "That's what I figured," he pants, playing along as he shoves his hands in his pockets, subtly adjusting himself. "I just wanted to make sure." "Good." "Yep." "Thanks for clarifying that." "No problem." I swallow heavily. I can feel he wants to say something, but I'm pretty sure I'm not ready to hear it. "Bella-" "Edward, no." "We need to talk." "No we don't." "What happened ... what I did-" "It doesn't matter. It's over. Talking about it won't change things." "It might." "It won't. And we have work to do. Just ... let's not do this again. Please. I can't." He hesitates, and for a moment I think he's going to force the issue, but just when my anxiety levels are reaching uncomfortable levels, he steps back and sighs. "Okay. Sure. For now." I nod, relieved. Working with him is going to be tricky. Keeping my distance from him is going to be even harder. "Look, just for the record, we were both acting then, right?" I ask. I need to detach. I really hope he lets me. He looks at me for several seconds, and I swear I see a flicker of hurt in his eyes. He swallows and looks down before whispering, "Absolutely. Just two actors ... acting. Nothing more to it than that." "Right." He exhales and when he looks back at me, there's mischief in his eyes, but I get the feeling that he's showing me the face he knows I need to see. "I mean, " he says, putting one hand against the wall and leaning forward a little, "I think it's a testament to my incredible acting ability that even though you're a ball-breaking shrew, I still get massive wood when I'm pretending to be attracted to you." A wave of relief floods me. Thank you, Edward. I know how to deal with him like this. It's annoying, but comfortable. Risk-free. "Yeah, I know what you mean," I reply, nodding. "And I obviously deserve an Oscar for acting like I still want you, despite everything you did to me." He stares at me for a few moments, and swallows a couple of times. "Right." He looks into my eyes and I see something there. Something new. I get a low flutter in my stomach, warning me to look away, but I can't. Whatever it is, it's simultaneously terrifying and thrilling, but before I can try to make sense of it, he blinks and it's gone. "We'd better get back to work," he says softly, leaning away from me and running a hand through his hair. I exhale, trying to clear my head of him. "Yeah. Aro will be wondering where we are." We walk towards the stage-door and he looks at me and smiles. "Well, I'll just let him know that you were rubbing yourself against me in a back alley, shall I?" "Sure," I say lightly. "Right after I tell him you tried to wall-fuck me." He chuckles. "Swan, if I'd tried to wall-fuck you, then you'd be screaming my name right about now and praising Jesus for my pretty cock. Don't even try to deny it." I don't. He'd know I was lying. Not that I'd give him the satisfaction of confirming it either. "Oh, God, please stop talking about your man-parts," I say, pretending to gag. "You're making me throw up in my mouth." "Oh," he says dryly, "I wondered why you tasted so fucking horrible. I thought it was the cigarettes." "Bite me," I say and he chuckles. Part of me is glad we're back in a familiar rhythm. Familiar and safe, and free of any chance of him breaking my heart again. Another part sighs and wonders if this is all there is. All there'll ever be for us. We walk into the rehearsal room and Aro raises his eyebrows. "Have you two sorted out your differences? Figured out your boundaries?" "Well," Edward says, "I've established that Bella will accept me sucking on her lips but draws the line at large amounts of tongue, and in return, she can do pretty much anything to me except grab my junk. Oh, who am I kidding? She can totally grab my junk. My junk welcomes her hands at any opportunity. In fact, if you could choreograph a few double-handed junk-gropes into this scene, I'd be most grateful." I surprise myself by laughing loudly, and Aro stares at us for a few seconds, blinking. "Well... that's just... peachy," he says with a confused smile. "Hard to believe you're the same couple who looked ready to kill each other fifteen minutes ago. Still, thank God for small mercies. Let's take it from the top of the scene and I'll see what I can do." Edward and I take up our starting positions, and he winks at me and gestures to his crotch, smiling suggestively. I flip him the bird and try not to laugh. See, this is the Cullen I remember. The one that I loved. But this is also the Cullen who left and broke me into a million pieces. I want him to go back to being the arrogant asshole I hate, because at least then I can protect myself against him. This guy with the breath-taking smile who makes me want to wrap my arms around him and never let go? Him I have no idea how to deal with. .. .. ..