not wanting to explain her 'relationship' to the Cullens to the wolves. "I'm sure we can keep up, Swan," Paul countered. So she told them. She told them everything. Everything from how she met the Cullens, to Edward's initial reaction to her scent, to his stalking her every move and watching her sleep at night, to Jacob spilling the tribe secrets and her piecing together the truth, to Tyler's van nearly killing her in the school lot, to that disastrous night in Port Angeles where she watched Edward kill for the first time and then had to sit beside him in the restaurant for hours terrified. She told them about how controlling he and Alice, and really the whole coven had been with her. She told them about the times Edward had grabbed her tightly enough to leave bruises, the times he threatened her or Charlie, the times he had out right hit her. She told them about her research and her planning and the horrible birthday party that had finally driven Edward to make the rest of them stay away from her. And she told them her suspicions about Edward's plans to return and feed from her someday. She told them everything, and by the time she had finished her horrible tale almost three hours later, the wolves were thoroughly ashamed of the way they had thought of her, only hours before. She was easily one of the strongest people any of them had ever met. "We will keep you safe," Sam vowed solemnly, "We will keep Victoria from hurting you, and if the Cullens ever return for you, we will kill them as well." "You don't have to be afraid anymore honey," Jacob promised, pulling the emotionally exhausted Bella into his arms. "We will catch the redhead, and destroy her," Paul promised seriously. "You can't catch her the way you would an ordinary nomad," Bella warned them, "She's an escape artist of sorts. James was a tracker, and when a tracker isn't hunting humans or enemy vampires, they like to test themselves, find ways to improve their skills and hone their gifts. Victoria was the perfect mating paradox." "What's a mating paradox?" Jared interrupted her, looking confused again. Bella looked up at him and couldn't help the snort the escaped her at his facial expression, which was perfectly mirrored on the faces of the rest of the group. "Seriously, how can you guys call yourselves 'leech killers'," she began, imitating Paul's deep timbre, while accenting her comment with sarcastic air quotes, "If you really don't know the first thing about the 'leeches' you're meant to be killing?" "We know more than enough Swan," Jared argued, sounding somewhat offended, "After all we had no problem killing Laurent." "A single, ungifted vampire, alone, in unfamiliar territory, who hadn't fed in days, against five wolves. Oh yes, that definitely proves you know exactly what you're doing," Bella countered sarcastically, growing a little frustrated with his overconfidence. They wanted to help her, to protect her, but if they went into this blindly, they'd get hurt, or even killed, and she didn't want that. And honestly, after sharing her story with them, she was so emotionally raw that she was lashing out a little. "Chase them, tear them to pieces, burn them to ash. It's not overly complicated," Jared continued to argue with her, "We know everything we need to know to kill them." "So you know that vampires are exponentially stronger, faster, and more vicious in the first year after they're turned?" Bella began, tired of this wolf thinking he was invincible. She returned his glare evenly as she continued, frustrated, "And I'm sure you know that ancient vampires have skin like thin paper, covering limbs that are hundreds of times more dense than younger vampires, making them nearly impossible to rip apart, much less burn? Do you know that at least half of all known vampires have supernatural gifts that might be used in a fight? For God's sake, the Cullens alone had three powerful gifted members, one of whom was a Southern Warlord, and you let them camp out right under your noses… You know nothing Jared." All five of the wolves were staring at her as if she had grown three heads. They couldn't wrap their heads around her outburst, her fear, her frustration, her anger. It almost sounded like she hated vampires as much as they did, though having heard her story they knew she had more than enough reason to. And it was obvious in that moment that she did have far more information about their enemies than they would have thought. But none of them knew what to say to her. Jared was opening and closing his mouth like a fish, unable to form a coherent reply. It was Emily that spoke up when she realized all the guys were completely gob smacked, "So you know a fair bit more about vampires than the rest of us. That much is obvious, even if they don't like to admit it. So tell us what you know. You can't fight Victoria, they can. They don't know the first thing about what vampires are really like beyond the extremely limited encounters they've had over the last year and some basics in tribal lore. You can share your knowledge to make them better fighters, and they can fight to keep you safe from enemies you could never defeat on your own. Let us help you." And looking around the room at the faces of the tribe's protectors, Bella realized that Emily was right. These guys used to be normal, human teenagers without a care in the world, and maybe they weren't prepared for what they were really signing up for in agreeing to help her, but they were warriors now, and she would help them to learn everything they could. And they would keep her safe. At least then, maybe, everything she had suffered with the Cullens would mean something…