and not run. Which is what I have done for the last two years." He looks around the place at the speechless /faces. He runs a hand over his face and sits heavily on a chair, "Bella, would you please sit down?" His eyes and words pleading me until I manage to move my feet and plant my ass on the cold chair. He takes a breath and lunges into his story, "My name is Edward, Prince of England and heir to the crown. Arranged marriages are common, even in the twenty-first century and one was made for me the day I was born. I married Tanya Denali and she gave me /a beautiful daughter; Alice. To England she was their princess, but to me… she was my whole world." His hand reaches out for mine and captures it in his strong, warm one. "Until two years ago, everything was perfect." His voice broke for a second /before he controlled it. "Until I returned home one day to find divorce papers on Alice's bed along with a note saying that mommies win custody battles now and she is taking Alice as far away from me as possible." My hand squeezes his at the hurt in his voice and at the strength it takes to explain to me what just happened. "I hired everyone I could to look for her. The only lead we had was this city; Tanya was spotted, alone, on the same train station I have been /performing every single day, hoping to see her and find my daughter. Mother cut me off the bank accounts so I didn't have support and had to do it on my own." His green eyes meet mine, "That was when you found me nine months ago. I was about to give /up searching; I was so lonely and depressed. Then, I saw you bust that guy and you gave me hope that if someone like you could so selflessly seek justice for a crime completely unrelated to you… then it was my responsibility to find my own daughter /and assure her that I didn't abandon her. She was taken from me-" I hug him as I see his eyes water at the hurt and he crashes me to his chest as hard as I am holding him. "I will help you find her," my voice is so sure that it surprises even me. "You will?" his is filled with astonishment. "Definitely." "I will help too," we both turn to stare at my dad with open mouths at his declaration. His eyes are moist but his cheeks are clean. "Any man willing to find his lost daughter is doing right by my book." "Thank you, Charlie." "Thank you dad." I look at my father lovingly and the look we share is enough to understand what drives Edward forward. "Do you have any pictures of her? … Prince… Edward?" Charlie's face morphs in pain at the words and we both laugh. "Just Edward, please. I gave up my titles when I left England," Edward assures him and digs inside his pants for a wallet that is filled with photos. He takes them out one by one and hands them to Charlie, allowing me to look at them as they hover mid-air. /Anyone looking at Edward and the four-year old in the pictures would know that they are related; same chin, same nose, same fierce green eyes. The only difference is that her hair is the darkest black I have ever seen, waving around her shoulders /in thick curls. "She is a stunning little lady," I observe and Edward smiles fondly. "She had a great pool of genes to choose from," he says. "Arrogant much," I arch an eyebrow at him. Not that I don't think he is a handsome man himself… "Not only mine. Hers too," he says bitterly and hands Charlie a picture of the most stunning woman I have ever seen. "This is Tanya Denali." His voice is dripping with venom. It is clear that Alice got her hair, cheeks and eyebrows, but the rest is all /Edward. "She is… completely gorgeous," I say honestly and wonder how I can turn my ugly-duckling face to ever look at him again. His hands capture my face, force me to look at him and gaze into glorious green. "You are more real and beautiful to my eyes than she ever was. She may have a pretty exterior, but her soul is dark and twisted where yours shines with bright lights. Even /when we were married, I despised her, but was too proud… or maybe too much of a coward to do anything about it. You…You are the most amazing person I have ever met and I am hoping that I will never loose you," he whispers against my lips before he /seals them together. I let him lead me into a promise kiss and for once, not even my dad interrupts the public display of affection. "Let's go find Alice," I say and he nods enthusiastically. I turn to look at Charlie only to find Sue hugging his shoulders from behind as they both gaze at us with sparling eyes and happy smiles. "Dude," my idiot brother seems to have found his voice, "you are dating a prince?!" I turn reluctant eyes to him, "Up high," he holds his palm up for a high-five, but I shake my head at my mentally three-years old brother. The funny part is that Edward finds him entertaining and chuckles amused. Now that you mention it… Edward is a prince. I turn wide eyes towards my boyfriend and his turn worried as my expression betrays the fact that reality just settled in and I am fully realizing what the fuck that means. "You. Are. A. Prince." I stutter like an idiot and he throws his head back to laugh at the sky. "Did you just realize that?" he looks amused and laughs again when I nod speechless.