unaware of and I trust Isabell, I am not asking you to tell me every little detail about yourself. If what I saw her going through these past couple of months is any indication of how much you matter to her, my only request to you is to keep her safe and make her happy." We watch as Isabell continues to kneel with her head bowed in prayer. "She hides God's light and love inside her heart. Break her walls, and free her soul. You will be the luckiest man alive to have her love." "I don't have the slightest doubt about it, Maggie. But I am not worthy of her divine purity." "Don't you think it's divine intervention that you were brought to her? Just believe, Edward. Everything will be perfect, as you have already found favor in the eyes of the Lord and will follow His holy plan for you both." *SM&WP* The next two days go smoothly as Isabell shows me her little world and says goodbye to the only place that comes close to a home for her. I often watch her from a distance so that no one will notice or remember me. It amazes me that she never thinks twice about leaving everything behind—as if she feels it's as natural as the seasons changing. I find fake IDs for her along with documents for travel at the bottom of my bag, a surprise gift from Alice. Her immediate joy shows how ready she is for a life with me. I'm looking forward to her meeting my family but even more so, her becoming my equal in every sense. Trying to keep our hands to ourselves has been a challenge, and we do try, though not always successfully. I can't even imagine what spark will ignite when we don't have to hold back—when I have no fear of hurting her. Standing on one of the uneven steps made by flat rocks, I look up and am suddenly hit by a sense of déjà vu. Isabell is standing over the cliff, and I can see her from where I'm standing below. I know Maggie is at the fence surrounding the campus, and they are seeing each other for the last time in the foreseeable future. We chose this abandoned path at the far end of the school to leave so no one would see us. A thick fog is making its way up the hillside like a snake, swallowing everything in its wake. Alice's vision suddenly has a new meaning to me. It wasn't her end but rather our beginning that she saw. The fog will make the perfect alibi for the depressed girl's unfortunate accident. By the time Isabell turns and takes her first step, the fog envelops her. For a few seconds, she becomes less visible to me but then comes into view. Though her eyes are still misty from her goodbyes, the smile on her face tells me she will be the sunshine of my forever-dark existence. *SM&WP* Ten years later Last evening's snow settles over a small graveyard next to St. Thomas's cathedral. Buried there are the saints who served the Lord at Abraham's Homes. Among them lies Sister Maggie alongside a young girl who disappeared some time ago. No one knew her well enough, other than Maggie, to have any idea where she might have gone. Her father knew nothing of her whereabouts and to everyone's dismay, did not seem overly concerned. The older woman was not distraught at the girl's sudden disappearance. It was assumed that she knew of her depressed state and for the sake of her soul, did not want to assume she took her own life, thereby sentencing herself to hell. No, the dear woman explained that the clumsy girl must have fallen that misty morning and become the victim of some wild animals nearby. She petitioned the church to allow her to have a headstone next to where she would eventually be buried. "I spent my life watching over her. I would like to do the same in eternity," she had told them. The church agreed, only they were to be separated from the rest and buried in the far corner. This particular night, the moonlight is shining like a spotlight on their corner, and a couple is there standing over them, their hands interlocked as they stand like statues at the foot of the graves. The cold and frequent gusts of wind don't seem to bother them. The woman bends down to the grave on the right, and for a long while, she kneels there, her lips moving as though she's praying. Then, the man stands and moves closer to the headstone. He clears the snow from it and kisses the stone. Surprisingly, they both ignore the grave to the left. When the moon starts going down behind the tall pine trees, the man comes to stand beside the woman once more and silently puts his hand on her shoulder. She looks up to him, and in the dying silver hue of moonlight, her golden eyes glint with a hint of sadness, yet she smiles at him. For while others have passed on from this life, their forever is just beginning. The End J - I'd like to thank my dear Ipsita for letting me make her write this story with me. It was so much fun and I will always cherish our super late night and early morning time together! I love you my soul sister! Ipsi - They say unconditional love makes you do unimaginable to its worth, it really happened .Without you I would have never taken this step, Jay! You truly are my soul's other half. I so loved every moment of creating this tale of ours. No amount of thanks are enough, so I'll just do what I do ….. Love, love and love you ! Dear Readers - Thank you so very much for reading! Love, Ipsita and J