there will be so many that the kid is going to wish for a deathday " Embry laughed. Jacob grinned at his son, his friend "To an eternity of joy, Charles Edward Black" Xx~xx~xX "Hey!" he called out to her. She was skipping over the sand easily, a bottle of wine in her hand and her hair dark and wild around her face. He thought she was dancing, she thought she flying; to him, they had never been more on equal ground. "Leah... you'll get yourself swept by the ocean" he rushed to her, picking her up in his arms and twirling her in the air. She giggled childishly as he planted kisses all around her face. They were far from the others, from their large family. It was like before, when they would travel through states just the two of them... Except, it wasn't like before. They were on equal ground, as high as they were; maybe it was the alcohol, maybe it was the weed, maybe it was the fact that he had rid his system of venom and with her in his sights and life, he could see so clearly. "Ahhh!" she squealed as he spun her supernaturally fast. "Throw me in, then!" she cried. "What?" "Throw me in the sea!" she demanded "Imagine were I will land... maybe in Atlantis!" "You'll drown" he whispered, slowing his spinning. Her limbs lowered, her hands going around his neck. He propped her up in his arms, her legs automatically winding around his waist. "I can't lose you, Leah" he breathed, looking at her. Her eyes were large and free, the light pulsing in them, through them. "You won't" she said this with such natural ease that he had no grounds to refute her. She believed it, and it felt petty for him to deny it when she was so resolute. "You could be taken from me" he said. Her hands were in his hair, combing and tugging lightly. He hadn't let her go; he hadn't let her feet touch the ground. "Taken?" she giggled lightly, shaking her head "By whom?" "Anyone" he said shyly "Any... thing?" "You are my haven, Charles" she told him. "You are my heaven" he told her gently, forcing her to come closer to him. He held her thigh, and she was aware of this through the haze of bliss, he used his other hand to push her hair away and see into her eyes much easier. Green bore into her brown, through her fear and saw right into her soul. Something in her pulsed, it felt foreign and it scared her and then so suddenly, she remembered it. Lust. Want. Yearning. "I can't..." she was about to say more and his crooked grin silenced her. "We wouldn't do that while we were high, Ms Clearwater" he chuckled, his voice lowered and enchanting. "I would have to give you the world, all of them... to earn you. But for now, could I get that kiss?" She giggled again and shook her head left and right, pouting "No" "I have never seen you like this" he smiled. "I have never been... like this" she said in wonder. "You don't want with that kiss?" "No" "Liar" "I don't want with my lips..." she said sultrily and his eyes darted automatically to her full mouth. He kissed her quickly, lightly and the air knocked out of her. She leaned in to kiss him fully, so suddenly ravenous and he leaned back from her. "I don't want with my lips" he told her cheekily. "I don't give a damn!" she hissed, tugging his hair violently and crashing her mouth to his, winding her legs tighter around his waist and rocking her body forward. She gripped his hair mercilessly, she kissed him with undying passion and they tasted sweet nectar in each other. "Ah...!" he tried to tug her away, feeling their hold on reality slipping dangerous territories that he knew they were not ready for but she was adamant, stubborn and strangely immature. She refused his restrictions, when he lowered her to the ground she stalked him dangerously and he backed away anxiously. "I... want... you!" she breathed, she never remembered being this famished for warmth and love. "Want me when you're sober" he chuckled, catching her in his arms and placing a deliberate kiss on her forehead , using more strength to keep her from causing him to throw his resolve to the ocean and just... be a silly teenage boy, drunk out of his mind, and happily alone with the woman of his dreams. She meant too much, she was everything and this, would not satisfy that sacredness at all. "Charles?" she breathed, but he was gone. The only tell of his departure came from the sea, were a disturbance had occurred. She looked out to the darkness, catching his pale form in the waters and thought to swim to him and just throw all her fears, doubts and stupid morals away. But the cold air hit her face and she realised that she had just kissed him, she had wanted him; she had felt him want her to. He waved at her and she was sure she could see the smile on his face "See you at the house, Ms Clearwater" his lips moved. She smiled, suddenly incredibly shy and waved at him. She walked back to the house, and sat silently in a corner with another bottle of wine... and a silly grin on her lips. Xx~xx~xX X x AUTHORS NOTE: Welcome, to They Set Out to Save Worlds! What to look forward to? Well, once again our heroes have split into two groups; so there will be two factions playing out in the story until they are united. Romance wise, yesssss! Plenty of it, I predict. Things will be a little heated for a bit while everyone sets out to save the world... hehe, See you soon. XX TJ P.S Don't forget to review!