couldn't even defend himself from Rosalie's attack. I couldn't understand how the venom that she used to aim at me was now all aimed at her brother. She sounded as though she thought that I needed to be protected from him. It didn't make any sense at all. "We know what it did to her when you left. We know what you were going to do to yourself and to your family. That's why you can't be trusted anymore. Bella, you're in love with him, you can't see his faults." "I could go back to Forks High," Jasper said suddenly, "I could find a job there, then I could keep an eye on Edward." "You'll make a very sexy librarian," Alice told him. Jasper laughed, "is that a vision or a request? Am I going to work in the school library?" "Yep," Alice grinned, "it's going to be fun, Jaz." "What does everyone think?" asked Carlisle "you never told us your opinion, Bella." "I'd like Edward to come back to school. I think that he'd like it too." "With Alice and Jasper on site, I don't see how much trouble he could get into" Emmett offered. "If he so much as rows with Bella, I want to have another meeting," Rosalie said. Carlisle looked over at Edward again, I guessed that he was asking him if he would speak. I don't know what Carlisle was thinking towards Edward, though, because he didn't respond in anyway. "Alright," Carlisle sighed, "then we're all agreed. Edward goes back to school. That's something. But, we've told Charlie that Edward went off the rails in LA. He's going to expect us to impose some sort of a punishment. What are we going to do? We need something that looks like the normal thing a family would do." Emmett laughed, "we need something that the normal twenty-first century family would do. I don't think that what any of our human families used to do will be considered normal anymore. I think that Charlie would call child services if you told him that you'd taken a switch to Edward!" "Isn't this your sphere of expertise, Bella?" Jasper asked me. "Why would punishing teenagers be my sphere of expertise? I'm not an out-of-control teenager." Jasper laughed "I meant that you were a normal twenty-first century teenager. We want to look like a normal twenty-first century family." "First of all, a normal family wouldn't have tied their son to a chair." "Really?" Jasper actually seemed surprised, "I would have thought that humans would be more likely to tie people up than vampires are. It's much easier for you, any rope would hold a human in place. It was quite hard for me to find something that wouldn't break if he moved his arms." "Of course a human would have got tired after fighting with you and Emmett all night long," Rosalie said, "a human Edward would be fast asleep by now." They all looked over at him, as if they were half-expecting him to have fallen asleep. I followed their gaze, imagining a sleeping Edward. He would look like an angel with his peaceful face surrounded by tumbling bronze curls. "Should we untie him?" Esme asked. "I don't see what difference it makes. The only human who can see him right now is Bella, and she doesn't think that we're human anyway." Alice answered, "besides, he's still thinking about his options. We don't want to risk anything with Bella right here." I wondered what options Edward was considering. If Alice was concerned that he might be a danger to me, then he must be considering ways of getting rid of me. Maybe he was so desperate to get away from me that he was thinking about throwing me out of a window. I was glad that Alice kept her comments vague. I didn't want to hear that Edward was so furious at my continued presence that he was on the verge of violence. "Oh, well, I think that parents take away privileges and ground teenagers. You could tell Charlie that you'd set him extra chores and stopped his allowance. Oh, and threatened military school." "Couldn't we just send him to military school?" Emmett offered. He dodged Rosalie's slap, but he couldn't escape Esme's quiet reproof. "Grounding sounds like a good idea, we shouldn't let him go out unaccompanied until he's back in control of himself" Jasper said. "Take his cars," said Rosalie, "Charlie will notice that, and it will make it a lot harder for him to disappear off to Italy again." Alice nodded approvingly, "that will work," she said, "people will talk a little bit. But they'll accept that Carlisle and Esme have got things under control. Charlie will approve. Though you'll have to be very good and very polite for a long time if you want to stop him hating you." She addressed the last sentence to Edward, not seeming fazed by his continued failure to make eye contact with her. "Edward? Are you really not going to make any comment?" Carlisle asked again, "Bella, you ask him." "Edward? Are you alright?" He nodded. That was something. He was responding to me. I tried again, "did you hear what Rosalie and Carlisle said?" He nodded again. "It's going to take him ages to start talking," Alice said, "and he's going to complain at losing the Volvo and then pout when Carlisle takes the Vanquish. But nothing he says is going to make any difference to anyone's opinion. Once Bella and Edward have had a chat, he'll be talking again and then we can have a real Cullen-style conversation about how long Edward's grounded for. That will be fun! But, this bit is pretty dull. Bella and Edward just talk things through very, very slowly and come to a lot of conclusions that the rest of us reached before this meeting even started. Let's leave Bella and Edward alone before we all get bored out of our minds."