the whole Caius thing we eventually went on a date when I had bumped into him at the shops and we exchanged numbers. He helped me fix my broken heart and helped me move on from that part of my life and helped me find out how I was again. It was hard not to fall in love with him and within two years we were married and the next I was pregnant with our baby girl, Elizabeth, after his birth mother. Elizabeth wasn't my first child and I was so happy that Edward had accepted my little Xavier as his own and didn't even think twice about it. He was a natural at being a dad, like the roll was made for him. But I was lying to myself if I didn't say that sometimes when I looked at Xavier it made me sad. With every year that passed he looked more and more like his father but at least looks was all he had gotten because personality wise he was every bit my son, he was kind and loving and even as a baby didn't have any kid of temper and for that I was grateful. I hadn't spoken to Caius in five years nor have I seen him so you can imagine how surprised I was when I was at my favourite bakery picking up a birthday cake for Xavier's birthday, with Elizabeth in my arms when I heard his familiar voice calling me name. I froze for a second and then slowly turned around to face him. He was standing behind me, close enough to touch but all I wanted to do was get out of there. "Caius" I said a little out of breath and he smiled at me with a soft smile I had never seen on his face before "what are you doing here" "Same reason as you" he said gesturing to the cake that was now waiting on the counter behind me. "Picking up a cake for my niece" "Oh Aro had a baby that's nice" I said genuinely happy for my old friend even though we hadn't spoke for the last five years. I sifted Beth on my hip but that only brought Caius's attention to her. "And who is this" he asked, waving at the shy little girl in my arms who hid in my shoulder when he smiled at her. "Uh... this is my daughter, Elizabeth" I said and I could see his face fall but he recovered fast. "what a beautiful name for such a beautiful little girl" he said making the little girl in question blush and look away which earned a laugh from him and then he looked at me, neither of us knew what to say and it had become awkward. "I should probably get going" I said turning around to get the cake but it was bigger than I thought and u would have to out Beth down to carry it to the car and I really didn't want to do that, Caius obviously noticing my situation chuckled and the took the box from the counter "I can handle it" I said quickly but he just smiled. "I've got it, just direct me to where this has to go" I knew he wasn't going to take no for an answer so I lead him out of the store and towards my car. I placed Beth in her seat and then closed the door and opened the boot so that Caius could put the cake down before closing it again and turning to him. "Thanks" I said and headed toward the front seat but he stopped my half way. "Bella?" he said uncertain "Caius?" "I'm sorry about what I did" he said and I felt my stomach drop "if I could take it all back I would but I just want you to know that I'm not that man anymore" he said a frown forming on his face. "I forgive you" I said wanting this conversation to be over but apparently he had other plans. "I don't know if I deserve it after what I did to you. I know you were telling the truth about the baby being mine and I regret making you lose him, every day that goes by. I just wasn't ready to be a dad..." "its fine" I said cutting him off before he could say anymore "it was a long time ago and I moved on from it" I said and he probably thought I was talking about Beth but he thought his son didn't even exist and I was feeling guilty for never telling him. "It was nice seeing you again Caius but I have to go" I said unlocking my door and he nodded his head and stepped away from the car. "I'll see you around then" he said but I didn't say anything to him and didn't look back as he waved goodbye. I rushed home after that and carried Beth to the front door, opening up I could smell pizza in the oven and hear Xavier's favourite cartoon playing in the background. "Mommy's home" my little boy come running up to me and I bent to kiss him on the forehead. He grinned from ear to ear and I couldn't help but think of how much he looked exactly like his father. Maybe one day I would tell them both the truth but for now my world was perfect. "Bella, my love your home" Edward said waling out of the kitchen with flour on his face and the white apron he wore full of tomato sauce, he walked up to me and looked at me with those green eyes I loved so much he gave me a quick but perfect kiss on the lips. This was my perfect world and nothing was going to ruin that, I thought as I looked at my husband and two children. At least now I no longer loved him...