stopped at the hospital for my checkup the doctor told me I was in the clear. Charlie was fidgety as we walked back to the car, and I could immediately tell that something was up. He wasn't a hard person to read, but I waited for him to talk when he was ready to. Sure enough, before he pulled out of the parking lot, he turned to face me. "Isabella, I was thinking of going to visit my friend Billy today, and I was hoping that you would come with me to meet him," he told me nervously. After everything he'd done for me over the past couple days, there was no way I could refuse him this small request. "Sure, lets go," I said, trying to make my voice sound as positive as possible. I had never had a foster parent introduce me to their best friend before, but didn't want him to see just how nervous it made me. I was curious when we seemed to drive out of town, and saw an old wooden sign welcoming us to the "La Push Reservation." I had heard the name mentioned at school a couple times, apparently a lot of the kids came down to the beach here in the summer. Not far after crossing into the town limits, we pulled up a gravel drive to a small red and white, weather-beaten house. It had a small ramp that had been installed over the stairs, and I followed tentatively behind Charlie as he walked up and knocked on the door. The man that answered was in a wheel chair. He seemed about the same age as Charlie, and had rich brown skin and long, black hair. I was immediately aware that this man had a powerful, yet kind air to him. He smiled when he noticed me. "Come in, come in!" He said in a happy, booming voice. "Isabella, it's so nice to finally meet you! Charlie here hasn't shut up about you coming to stay with him for weeks," he told me with his big smile. I looked over to Charlie curiously, his face was beat red and he was purposely not making eye contact with me. I had that tight, unfamiliar sensation in my chest again. "Please, come sit down." He led us into a small, cozy living room. An old couch was nestled tightly against the biggest wall, and there were a couple armchairs packed in to the room as well. An old, small TV sat on a short shelf. Charlie sat down on the couch, patting the seat beside him for me to sit down. I slightly tripped over the low coffee table, falling into my seat not very elegantly. Charlie chuckled slightly, shaking his head. Billy Black and Charlie had been friends since they were young kids, they told me. He was some sort of leader in his small community, that was obvious, but the details of that were a mystery to me. He had three children, twin girls that had moved away from home a few years ago, and a son who still lived with him, who was apparently just a few months younger than I was. "Where is Jacob, anyways?" Charlie asked him. "I was hoping to introduce him to Isabella today." "Yeah sorry, he wanted to be here, but something came up and he needed to help his friends with something," he explained vaguely. They sat talking about random things for about an hour, mostly arguing about a recent football game, and I found listening to their banter oddly comforting. I welcomed the smile that I felt slowly form on my face. I was a little surprised when Charlie stood up suddenly, and the two of them each wore a big grin. "Well I think we've wasted enough time." "Yup," Charlie agreed. "Come outside Isabella, I've got a surprise for you." I felt my face blanch at the hauntingly familiar words, and Charlie's expression changed to one of concern. "What's wrong Isabella? Are you okay?" He asked, voice full of concern. Get a hold of yourself. Charlie is different , I shouted in my mind. I forced a smile on my face. "It's nothing, I'm fine." He obviously didn't believe me as he scrutinized my face with an almost painful expression. I stood up somewhat shakily, and after a small sigh, Charlie led me outside, Billy on our heels. We walked around to the back of the house, where there was an old, large red truck parked on the lawn. "Surprise!" Charlie shouted. I didn't really understand, and just stared at him. He fidgeted slightly. "I thought you might like your own way of getting around town, you couldn't have enjoyed being dropped off in my police cruiser every day… I know it's not that fancy, but Jacob just rebuilt the engine so it should run great..." His voice trailed off into a whisper. It was a moment before I could speak, looking back and forth between him and the truck. "You… Bought me a truck?" I choked out quietly. He nodded, trying to encourage me with a smile. That sent me over the edge. I couldn't stop my tears from spilling over then, and the fact that I broke my one rule just made me cry that much harder. My breathing came out in loud, shaking sobs, making it extremely hard to breathe. I felt him walk towards me, and when I looked up into his sad eyes, he very slowly placed a hand on my shoulder. I didn't flinch away from him this time, instead falling into his chest and holding onto him tightly. He gently wrapped his arms around me, hugging me back, and just let me cry into his shirt. I could faintly hear him muttering calming words like 'It's okay honey,' and 'just let it all out' over my loud sobs. He gently stroked my hair, and waited patiently while I soaked his shirt. Thanks for reading!