I got up to make my leave before Seth threw me the keys to his truck. "I have to help Leah and Marc clean up, do you mind taking Bella home?" Seth asked. I narrowed my eyes at him and he had a smug smirk that I wanted to punch off his stupid baby face. I scanned the rest of the beach only to see Leah, Marc, Kim (who doesn't know how to drive stick), and Seth left. I sighed heavily and nodded. "Bella!" Seth yelled as Bella looked up at Seth. "I have to stay here so Paul is going to drive you home!" Her eyes flickered over to me and even in the darkness I could see her blush start to stretch across her cheeks. How was this shy girl supposed to be able to handle me? The spirits are clearing slacking off with this whole imprinting thing. Bella walked over to Leah to hand her the blankets that she folded before saying goodbye to everyone. She walked up to me and we began to walk to Seth's truck. "Paul, right?" I heard her ask quietly. "Yeah," I said. Her asking made me realize that we haven't been properly introduced. "Thanks for taking me home." She said as we got into the truck. I know if Emily was here she would have smacked the back of my head for not opening the door for Bella, but that's the thing, Emily isn't here. As soon as the doors were closed I suddenly felt hot for the first time since I've phased. Sure, I feel constantly warm, but this was the first time I've felt unbearably hot. The air was thick and the tension between Bella and I was even thicker. I rolled down my window half way and Bella raised her eyebrow in question. "It's hot in here." I muttered starting the engine. "How do you feel hot? You're not even wearing a shirt." Bella said as I looked down to see that I was, in fact, not wearing a shirt. Well shit, I'm so used to not wearing a shirt I must have forgotten. "Checking me out, Swan?" I asked trying to lighten the mood. Today officially sucked and I needed some mild entertainment. If that was making Bella Swan squirm, then so be it. "Wouldn't you like to know?" She fired back as I got onto the main road. I could feel my eyebrows raise up as I looked at her shocked. Whoa, wasn't expecting that answer. From everything I heard about her, she was a mousy, shy girl that never stuck up for herself. Granted, it's the feistiest answer I've heard from a girl, but still pretty damn feisty. Maybe California had changed her. Jake's memories only consisted of her awkwardly standing off to the side never engaging into anything. She was always shy and insecure in his memories. Hmm, maybe I should test this theory out again. "Don't be shy, Swan. I know you want to feel these biceps." I said flexing my arm. "Have you always been this full of yourself-f?" Her stuttering made me look in her direction. I thought she was stuttering from embarrassment, but it turned out that she was shivering. "I'm sorry, you're cold." I said as I began to roll up the window feeling bad for making her freeze. "No, it's fine. You're the driver and you're hot." I strained my ears to hear if there was a double meaning to that. "C'mere." I said opening my arm out for her. She looked at me hesitantly as I rolled my eyes. "I run hot so I can keep you warm." I explained. She moved to sit next to me (not as close as I wanted her to sit) and I draped my arm over her shoulders as she sighed in relief. "You're turning out much nicer than I thought you be." Bella said. "What do you mean?" I asked. "Jake told me you weren't the…friendliest of people and the way you stormed off after I ran into. I thought I had upset you." She explained. Was I really being nice to her right now? The realization kicked in and if could, I would've dragged her to the wheel and jumped right out of the car. What was I doing? Being nice ? I'm Paul Lahote, number one asshole in all of the Pacific Northwest. What am I doing cuddling with a girl? We pulled up to her house and she pulled herself away from me. I was already missing the feeling of her. Gah! Shut up! You can't fall for this girl! It's the stupid imprint that's doing this, not you! "Um, thanks again. I guess I'll see you around." Bella said sliding out of the truck. I nodded my head before watching her enter her house. I drove back to La Push, but there was a pulling in my chest, pulling me back to Forks. I pulled up to Sue's house and I could smell the chief inside. What was he doing here? Shouldn't he be at home with Bella? Wait…I think Seth told me that he was moving in with Sue. So, Bella is by herself in Forks? My wolf was pushing to get to the surface so he could run over to her house and make sure she was safe. She wasn't here. We—He didn't know she was safe. I couldn't hold him back and exploded into my wolf. I ran as fast I could to get to her house. She has to be safe. I—the wolf has to make sure she's ok. I slowed down to a trot before stopping at the tree line behind her house. I could hear her move around her house before the sound of the shower started. Mm…a soapy and wet Bella. I purred at the thought and quickly rammed my head into a tree. Between my wolf and my inability to not think about Bella sexually, I was fucked.