I was relieved to find that out, but it also brought about a new question, why did they hate the Quileute pack so much? After a lot of badgering, Awan finally caved in and told me that it was a deep seeded thing that had stemmed from their ancestry. Apparently, the Chinook and Quileute tribe were at one time, one tribe, but a man by the name of Kuruk Black decided that Chief Hakoda wasn't fitting as Chief. After a brutal battle for honor and the right to lead the tribe, Chief Hakoda came out as victor and Kuruk left with some others to start his own tribe—the Quileutes. Besides that, they had known all along about their ability to become wolves, but the Quileutes never knew about theirs. Imprinting was something they found despicable and a weak excuse to not find real love and a mate of real worth. I asked Koda to explain to me about how they found their mates. Koda explained to me that it was much similar to just regular dating, but their wolves are prone to form bonds with who they decide are worth being their mate. Once the bond is formed, the man is allowed to mark their mate. It could takes years or maybe just a few days for a bond to form, but the man will know when who they are with is his mate and will proceed to mark said mate. Koda said a bond did form between us, but I didn't want him to mark me yet. That was about two years ago and lately I've been thinking that I might be ready. Koda has never pressured me or anything, and I do love him deeply. I still talk to Jake, Embry, and Quil back in Washington and have even visited a couple of times and have met the majority of the pack. According to Jake I haven't met a guy named Paul. He's seemingly always gone or busy when I'm there, but I don't mind. I have grown close with Leah Clearwater and was surprised to find out that Angela is Embry's imprint. Unlike my guys, I didn't have such strong feelings about imprinting. I've seen how Jake, Embry, and the rest of the pack are with their imprints and can see that the love is mutual. Love is love and I'm not going to condemn them on the way they have found it. Everybody in the Quileute pack knows I'm dating Koda, but they don't know that Koda is the Alpha of the Chinook pack. I have begged and pleaded for Koda to come with me to Washington or allow them to come here, but he has remained stubborn about the issue. "You know, Jake told me that he has a couple of days off from work and things have been slow lately…" I told Koda as I pulled my hair into a ponytail. I looked at him still in bed, in the mirror and saw the frown form on his face. "No Bella." Koda stated and I frowned back at him. "I know you hate them, but you haven't even met them!" I exclaimed as I turned around and stared at him with my hands on his hips. Koda didn't say anything and continued to stare angrily at the ceiling. I sighed heavily and crawled back on the bed and looked down at him. "Koda, we have been discussing about getting married soon and I just want you to meet my best friends. I don't want to get married without them there. I'm not looking for their approval, but they're important to me and you're important to me." I told him as he sighed heavily through his nose. "I'll think about it. But if I do agree, it will be here and the rest of the pack has to agree." Koda relented and I smiled happily before kissing him. Over the years, four other guys have joined the pack. Matt, TK, Alphonse (Al), and Lucas were younger than the other guys, but still in their twenties. They have taken to pack life pretty easily and I see them as my own sons sometimes. "Thank you!" I said before bouncing off the bed and getting ready. "This isn't a 'yes' Bella!" He called out to me and I just giggled. JPOV "Guess what!" I exclaimed as I walked into my living room to see Embry, Angela, Quil, Sam, Emily, Jared, Kim, Leah, and my beautiful Ness. "Nessa actually let you sleep in your bed for once." Leah muttered sarcastically and I glared at her. "Bella has finally agreed to let us visit! Now we can finally meet this Koda guy and see all the friends she has been talking about." I exclaimed and the girls cheered happily while the guys all smiled. "This is great, from the pictures Bella has shown me, this Koda guy is a real hunk." Kim said as she and Emily laughed. Jared rolled his eyes whiled Sam just chuckled. "So who all wants to go? It's only about a four hour drive." I told them as I sat down next to Ness. "I'm down." Embry said as Angela agreed happily. Quil, Sam, Jared, Emily, and Kim all agreed to go. Leah unfortunately had to stay seeing has her imprint—Tommy—was coming back from a work trip and she didn't want to leave. She did mention that if we were still there, that they'd join us. Sam called the rest of the guys and Seth and Paul agreed to go. Colin and Brady had school so they couldn't go, but I was surprised to hear that Paul wanted to go. Paul never really cared about Bella—he didn't hate her, but he never took an interest in her despite the pack having done so. Maybe he just wants a vacation. "So it's a done deal?" I asked everybody and they all nodded or voiced their agreement. "This is going to be so awesome!" Quil exclaimed.