don't know what's going on." I said really confused. "Well I think I'm going to head to Biology II now and try to clear my head." "Ya I don't want to sit here anymore lets go." Alice said and we all got up threw our food out and walked to our different classes. I was the first one in the class I sat alone-like I normally do in all my classes- and tried to figure out why I couldn't read her mind. I was stumped. Slowly the class started to fill up the last person to come in was Bella Swan. I tried to read her mind. She went down the aisle to the teacher and made a breeze as she walked by the fan. I stiffened trying to control myself but she smelled so good. My thirst tried to take control and my eyes went black even though I just hunted yesterday. I looked at her and our eyes met. She had the most curious expression on her face. She quickly looked away her blood rushing to her cheeks and her heart beating faster. Did I scare her? Good! She should stay away from me I don't want to hurt her. She just smells so good. Then I realized the only seat left in the room was the one next to me! I'll just have to hold my breath for the whole class. She came to sit next to me but didn't look at me or say hi just kept her eyes down. I started to lean away from her trying to get as far as possible so I could keep control. She sniffed her hair to see if she smelled bad. She didn't she smelt grate mouth watering even. She took lots of careful notes. And her hair made a curtain between us and she looked through it once or twice but quickly looked away. I tried to get even farther from her my hand went into a fist so I tried to hide it under the table. Then she looked up at me and jumped in her seat. I think I was scaring her. I wished I could read her mind. Nothing. I tried harder. Still nothing. I gave up and just waited for the bell to ring. When I could not hearing her mind it was so frustrating. When it did finally ring I was out of there before anyone was out of their seats. And I went straight to math class. I knew that I was not going to be able to live like that every day for the rest of the year. So after math class I went to the office to see if I could switch classes. As I walked in the lady at the front desk lost her breath. I knew what she thought of me, the same of what all the female teachers thought of me, Gorgeous. Edward Cullen the babe on the block. No! Tarry stop it he is a student! Mrs. Mac was simple to twist around my finger. I could make her do whatever I wanted. She once thought that if she killed someone for me I would give her a kiss, as if I would need her to kill for me. "Hi Mrs. Mac" I said as calm and polite as possible "I was wondering if you could do something for me?" I'll do anything for you Edward if you do something to me. She thought as she bit her lip.I cringed when she thought this. Tarry, stop it. He is 17 your 45, it's not right. Pull yourself together. "What can I do for you Edward?" she said trying to control herself. I was the one who was going to have to control myself. So I don't attack Bella. I would never want to hurt her. "I would like to switch out biology for another class." I replied "Just give me one second to check if we have something that you can switch into." She answered. She took a quick look at the computer and clicked a few buttons then looked up at me and said, "I'm sorry nothing is open all the possible spots are token up by the new student." I couldn't believe this. There was no escaping this girl! "Come on there has to be something, anything." I said almost pleading. "No I'm sorry there is nothing I can do about it. You will have to stay in biology" all of a sudden the door open and another lady came in but I smelled her, the mouth watering human stood behind me. How long has she been there? Did she hear what I was saying? I turned to glare at her and I saw the hair on her arms stand up. Good, maybe I can just scare her away. But that thought made me sad. Why did it make me sad? I went back to the lady at the front desk. "Never mind, then," I said second guessing my thoughts. "I can see that it's impossible. Thank you so much for your help." Then I turned around without another word and tried not to look at her. After I was out of the school I ran home. Once I got home I plopped down my books and I went straight to hunting so I could turn my eyes back to gold. As I was leaving Carlisle had lots of questions. "Edward? What's wrong?" he asked in a worried tone. It made a crease in his fore head. I never have seen him so scared. But I didn't have time to deal with him. "I need to go hunting Carlisle. I'm sorry but I need to go, now!" "Hunting? You just went yesterday. Edward? What is happening?" he asked. He was up now and following me out side. "It's the new girl, Isabella." I said once we got outside. "I'll tell you later." I responded and with that I was off in a sprint.