when he finds his voice. "Yes. So, ever since, I crave control. I was helpless back then so now I do anything I can to be the one in the position of power." He looks at his beer and nods, "Makes sense." "Why are you a Sub?" His eyes flick to mine and then lower again. He hides his hands under the table, shoulders hunching forward and I can tell that he rubs his palms together. His body language could not be any more obvious. "Edward," his eyes fly to mine when I say his name, "You don't have to tell me until you are ready. Let's move on. Limits…" I trail off as I eye the example sheet that we were given by the lawyer. If we come to an agreement tonight we can sign right away. "I need it," he blurts and I look back at him as he yanks his hair with both hands. "Okay. I'll tell you everything. But it is a long story." I don't know if my willingness to give him space has made him trust me even more, but I will not lose this opportunity. "I have all the time you need." He takes a deep breath, drinks some liquid courage and explains, "You don't realize who I am from my name, but I am Edward Masen, CEO of Masen Industries, CEO of Masen Corporation, and CEO of Masen publishing." I gasp. There is nothing else for me to do. This doesn't make sense. His eyes take me in as my brain farts around empty gas and can't process. He yanks his hair again when I don't say anything. "I am a multi-billionaire who needs to be in control 100 percent of the time I am at work or dealing with business. So, I need to Submit in order to stay sane. I need to give up control once in a while and let someone else take care of me, make decisions and suffer the responsibilities to those decisions. Doing it myself all the time is exhausting and it almost put me in a mental hospital about seven years ago." I drink my beer as his words leave me even more clueless as to what to say. "Makes sense." He laughs humorlessly at my response, copying his earlier answer. He then laughs for real and it is contagious, making me laugh with him. Just like that the ice cracks and I feel more comfortable around him. "Would you like to be my Submissive, Edward?" He holds my gaze for a second, "Yes, I would, Ma'am." I clear my throat as his comment makes me horny again and I twist in my seat to relieve some pleasure. It doesn't work. "Let's go over some limits and rules then. Hard limits?" "Hard limits?" "Anything you do in the toilet." "Agreed." "And fire." "Fire?" "I'll explain another night." "Fair enough. What about wishes?" "I would like to know what your rules are as soon as possible and demand that I don't get punished for breaking a rule I was never informed of." "That seems like a very reasonable request. I like to adjust the rules and expectations on my part depending on the Submissive's needs and what they are willing to do for me. For example, if you had a knee injury and tell me that you can't be on your knees without suffering pain, I will never have you on your knees." "Still, I would like the rules as soon as you can." "Anything else?" "Availability at all times?" "Meaning?" "Meaning either one of us might need the other at any time of the day or night, we should be there for each other, even if it's over the phone or a quick text." "We can work on that. It might be hard if we both work long hours, but I am willing to try to be there for you when you need your Dom." He nods and we spend a little over an hour working out details and sign our contract in the lawyer's office. I step out on the street with my copy of the contract and wait for my car to get pulled out. "Do you want to go somewhere together?" he asks me. I am about to agree and then remember what he does for a living. I check my watch and see that it is a little after eleven. "What time do you have to be up in the morning?" He cringes and I know that I will not like the answer. "Probably four." "Edward!" my disapproval is evident in my voice. He is avoiding my eyes. I sigh, "No, you will go home, shower and sleep before resuming your normal routine for the day." He nods in understanding. "Do you take lunches?" He cringes again, "Sometimes. If I have time." I sigh and give him my business card, "I want to get together sometime tomorrow. Call or text me when you think you will have time." He examines my card closely and smiles, "You own a patisserie?" the excitement in his voice is palpable. "Yes, I do. We also serve good coffee and delicious dessertsdeserts. Especially chocolate." "Chocolate is my weakness," he murmurs and I am not sure if he meant for me to hear it. "Do you work there or just own it?" I gasp offended, "Of course I work there. I am there every day at six and work twelve hour shifts, six days a week. Closed on Mondays." His face falls, "I am sorry. I meant no offense. It is late and I'm tired." I nod, "Go home and we'll talk tomorrow." "But I came and you didn't," he objects and I like that he is considerate. "That means you will have a lot to make up for tomorrow," I smile genuinely to let him know that I am not as upset as I probably sound and get inside my car after the valet pulls up.