felt comfortable. Because I would never write another story again. That dream was long over. Maybe once I found him, I would have the option. Or I would be dead. It all depends on who's faster, I guess. I dropped Emmett back off at the gym afterwards. He was distracted, so I left him alone with his thoughts before going home. After checking my news feed and e-mail accounts, I took Zeus up to the roof, a book in one hand. It was gorgeous, warm and sunny out, so I sprawled out in the grass on my stomach and read while Zeus ran around and eventually came and curled up beside me. Exhausted, mentally and physically, and with a full stomach, I found my eyelids starting to droop. I should have fought them. . . . ... . . . My head was so fuzzy, the lack of oxygen and pain slowly pulling me under, but I still used every ounce of energy that I had to try and thrash out of his grip. I could hear the phone ringing as he chocked me with his hand and tongue. Then he dropped me, and I crumbled to the floor, gasping for painful breaths over my sobs. " Hey Bells, sorry I'm late. I was supposed to pick up Victor on my way home but he never showed. I'll be home in ten, see you soon!" Beep. Yes, thank you Emmett, thank god. "No, no no no," Victor was muttering, pacing back and forth in front of me with a furious expression. "Fucking Emmett… Don't worry baby, I'll get us out of here, we're going to be okay." "N-no!" I said kicking and punching at him ineffectively as he reached out to pull me off the floor. He picked me up, and I thrashed like I was having a seizure, grabbing onto the chairs, counter, anything I could find with my feet, until finally my elbow connected with his jaw, and he dropped me on the hard tiles again. "HELP! HELP!" I knew our neighbours were too far away to hear me, but I had to do something. "Fuck! Isabella, stay still! We're not safe here." "I don't want to go anywhere with you!" I cried. Wake up wake up wake up… My sobs caught in my throat when I saw the rage in his eyes. He reached forward, grabbing my hair, and smashed my head against the tiles, hard, making me scream. I clutched at my head in pain. "I'm sorry baby, that was supposed to knock you out," he cooed gently, doing it again. I was still crying though, and he pulled me up to my feet, and punched me hard in the side of the face. "God, Emmett was right, you do have a hard head," he said teasingly. I slumped in his arms, still awake but in just too much pain to move, think, or fight back anymore. I couldn't see straight, and my mouth tasted like blood. "There's my good girl. Are you going to behave now?" I couldn't even move my lips, but he didn't wait for an answer before throwing me over his shoulder. I watched the living room disappear as we walked away, noticing Victor had forgotten his letterman jacket, and the drops of blood that fell out of my mouth, staining the white carpet as he took me out the back door. . . . ... . . . Zeus licking my face worriedly woke me up, my eyes shooting open as I gasped for breath. I held onto him tightly while I tried to calm myself down, trying to push away the lingering memory of the pain in my head. It wasn't real, it shouldn't hurt. I was being ridiculous. I had lived these memories; they should get better over time, right? Why did they feel more painful each time then? "Thanks baby boy," I said, kissing him on top of his head. We went back downstairs, and I still had a couple hours before work. After checking my newsfeed, I sat back down with my book on the couch to kill the time. It wasn't easy to concentrate on the words today; I was too preoccupied worrying that they would come to the club again tonight. I felt like shit, I was tired, and above all I was angry. I hated that after all these years he was still able to hurt me, and he wasn't even here. I hated how weak he made me feel. I hated that I was afraid to sleep. I just felt so fucking angry, and there was no way I could behave myself if I had to go through the same thing as last night. Thank god they didn't. Emmett came in at eleven as usual for Saturday night. He was a brave man, sitting there with Rose and her friends at their big white table. It ended up being a really slow night, dreadfully boring. It was a rare thing that we didn't have to throw out at least a couple people, but New York City seemed tired and on its best behaviour. Rose left early with Emmett, and after the bartenders counted their tills in my office and my guys turned in their gear, I locked up and drove home. After bringing Zeus up to the roof for a while, I went and took a nice long shower and put on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. Tomorrow was my day off, well, today actually. It was almost five in the morning, and I knew that I needed to sleep. I made myself a strong drink, rolled a tiny joint, and went back up to the roof. I fell asleep on my big hammock wrapped up in a blanket, Zeus sleeping on the grass underneath me as we watched the sun rise. I didn't have a single dream. . . . . . . . . . . Reviews are awesome!