a pot roast and beef stew that weekend, and salmon fillets to make salmon over a salad with quinoa later that week. We also picked up lunch meat and bread for sandwiches, hamburger for burgers, meat loaf and spaghetti, pop tarts and cereal for quick breakfasts during the week and eggs, bacon and potatoes for a big breakfast on Sunday which was a tradition for the two of us. Juice, soda, chips and ice cream rounded out our groceries for the week. Plus a couple boxes of cookies in case we had a craving for something sweet. Neither of us had remembered to check what baking stuff Charlie had at the house, but on the off chance he had it, we didn't want to buy anything until we were sure. When we got home, we retired to our rooms after putting groceries away and throwing the potatoes into the oven to bake for supper. I have to admit that in some ways I was enjoying these last few years, hearing songs that to me had been popular when I was in my mid-20's my first time around. I will not even lie, you would not believe how many times I caught myself dancing around when a song I'd enjoyed would come on now. Especially since I didn't have the same sense of embarrassment now that I'd had the first time around. Being an obese person, you don't want anyone to see you "shake that thing" but as a normal-sized person, even one without much balance, I was much more likely to "shake it" now than I ever was then. And I do it quite often. So I quite often have the radio on and blasting, dancing around as I did my homework. I also would often go on youtube and look up dance routines to songs and practice them, some of them I remembered from my first time around, too. I couldn't wait for Psy to come back into popularity. I would hit Gangnam Style with the best of them, this time around! Homework didn't take long, calculus taking the longest. I still don't know why we took this class. I'd told Bella we'd never use it. (Trust me, not once had I ever had to use it in my other life in all my years. However, reviewing basic math principals: addition, subtraction, multiplication and division were never bad things.) I was in the middle of performing a dance/excercise routine to Dirrrty by Christina Aguilera when I remembered the time. I was dressed in a pair of yoga pants and a sports bra when I heard the door downstairs open. I tossed a loose sweatshirt featuring the Hogwarts school crest on the chest over my head and ran downstairs to put the steaks into the oven, putting the under the broiler. I heard Bella on the stairs coming down. "Hi Dad!" I said, shutting the oven door, having taken out the potatoes and put the steaks in. He pulled me into a hug and I hugged him back. He kissed Bella on the top of the head, knowing she wasn't really one for embraces. I was always the one who enjoyed cuddling out of the two of us. Even as children, I was the only one she would cuddle with. I could clearly remember the two of us curling up together in our crib. But if anyone else were around, she fought cuddling with them. Even Renee and Charlie. We ate dinner together at the table, talking about each of our days. Bella's and mine were rather similar with the same classes and all, but we were still two different people and saw things in different ways. When she asked Charlie about the Cullens, we were both surprised at how vigorously he spoke for them. "People just seemed to ostracize them a bit, is all she meant, Dad. We were just curious," I said, taking a bit of the sting from his words. "I understand that, Maddie. They just really don't understand how very lucky we are to have him. Dr. Cullen is a great man, and a great doctor. He could command a hell of a lot better salary at one of the bigger hospitals. We're just lucky his wife decided she wanted to raise those kids in a small town. Forks is damn lucky to have them." Charlie said. I nodded in agreement and finished my steak and baked potato and salad. Then I and Bella did the dishes, Bella washing as I dried. "What do you think was Edward's reason for being so upset, Maddie?" Bella whispered to me as we washed. I shrugged. "Who knows. Guys are weird." She thought about it for a moment and nodded. Neither of us had ever actually dated, so guys were kind of an oddity to the both of us. And truthfully, I'd never dated in my life before either, because, let's face it, nobody ever wanted to date the fat chick in high school, and after school, my health had been so bad that I didn't think about dating. So I had absolutely zero dating experience in either lifetime. Bella went upstairs to read while I joined Dad on the couch and watched the news and Jay Leno with him. He knew I suffered from insomnia and would be up for a while longer before I fell asleep. As I slept, I dreamed of two pairs of eyes. One big and tawny, golden. The other beautifully dark and deep, a warm brown. Both were filled with love and a sense of protectiveness. I woke a little before dawn, slightly chilled, to find the window was open, though I knew for a fact that I had shut it the night before. So, which vampire had come for a look-see? Edward was in Denali, doing his very best to convince himself that he was damned. The only one I could think of was Jasper, but what could he be looking for?