to do before our sex fest." "That sounds good." I throw together enough for both of us. I mix the strawberry yogurt and cut up fruit together and spoon it into 2 bowls. We sit on the stools at the kitchen island and eat Phil asks about school. "You know I may call the principle today to see if I can get my diploma early and see what I need to do for that to happen. For some reason I feel like I need to get back to Forks and soon." "You have to follow your gut. You know its always right." I get up and go to the phone. I was about to pick it up when it rang. I answered on the first ring. Renee, Bella Hello Hi Bella baby how are you. I'm having a fabulous time. I wanted to tell you I'm not coming back. I found the most wonderful man. I did a quicky divorce and I had my lawyer get papers for you so you are now an emancipated minor. That means you don't need a guardian for school or anything. You can do anything someone over 18 or 21 can do but drink. I know I was never mom to you, and I'm sorry. I just never wanted to be tied down. You're a good kid though. I hope you have a happy life. Oh and I should tell you Charlie Swan is not your dad. I had a thing with several guys in La Push. All those muscles and tan skin. Man they still get me all hot. Sorry, anyway your father is either Joshua Uley, or David Yellowbird ( I made the name up ). I don't know which. They were both married when I was with them. Charlie was hot so I thought why not. He stepped up and married me, then he got kicked off the res for being with me. I didn't think I would be stuck in that little boring town. Yes Renee I know this. You called me when you were drunk. I was 12 and you said the same thing. I've known pretty much my whole life. I saw my birth certificate when I was 5 and the spot for the father said unknown . Anyway as you know you have several trust funds set up. Your so smart that you even recommended stocks to be bought. Well they are all yours now. My lawyer will call you in a little while with papers and information. Tell Phil he is free of me. I don't need his money. You can stay with him at his house or travel or whatever. I talked to your school and you have enough credits to get your diploma. So you don't have to go back. I know Phil is there now but I don't want to talk to him. Tell him he is free of me and he can find someone that will love him like he deserves. Also don't worry about any of my stuff that I have there. I don't need it. You can go through the jewelry if you want. Charlie did give me some of it. Otherwise I don't need anything that is there. I hope you have a good life. Don't be surprised if you don't hear from me again. Bye Bella. I hang up the phone. I must have had a shocked look on my face, because Phil comes over and holds me tight. "She never wanted me or loved me. How can someone be so cold?" "I don't know honey. It's like you're the opposite of her. You're everything good and sweet and she's just not." Phil said. "Oh by they way you should be getting finalized divorce papers soon. Renee got a quicky divorce." I tell him what else she has done for me. By the time I finished he had a look of relief on his face. The phone rang again. I picked it up. Bella, lawyer Hello Is this Ms Swan? Yes, can I help you? Yes Ms Swan my name is Mr. Wallace. I'm a lawyer and represent your mom Renee. I have some paperwork for you and Phil to look at and sign. Would now be a good time to come over? I'm sure both of you want things settled. That would be fine. I hang up the phone. I tell Phil what's going on and 10 minutes later Mr Wallace was ringing the doorbell. He came in and we all sat at the dinning room table. He explained the papers to both of us. For Phil it was just divorce papers showing that there was no alimony or anything. For me it was a bit more complicated then I thought. I knew I had several trust funds. Like Renee's grandparents did for her, mine did the same. I couldn't phantom the amounts he was talking about. He was telling me about Swiss bank accounts andstocks. He gave me some financial reports. It turns out I'm a billion air (hay this is my story. My fantasy world. I could wish.) This amount of money can improve lives. I know what I want to do now. Mr Wallace has both of us sign things. He gives me a list of bank account numbers along with the names and numbers of the people taking care of them. He leaves. "Wow that was a lot for you to take in. Are you ok Bella?" "Yes I know what I want to do with my life now. I know why I need to be in Forks and La Push. But first lets get the guys here. I want to get to know them and have some fun before I go where I belong." I gather up the paperwork reading it over again to try and put my head around what I just found out. Just as I got up to get something to drink, there was a knock on the door.