head at her quizzically, silently asking if everything was okay. Bella nods and the three keep on enjoying themselves. Soon enough, of course, people try to cut in. The three friends are used to men trying to cut in all the time and have developed ways to gently, but firmly, relay the fact that they were not interested, if they truly were not. Of course, there are always some who can't take a hint, but they have ways to deal with them, also. In this case, the guy in question is very drunk, not understanding their hints. Furthermore, it looks like he has planned this out. He grabs Bella from behind and proceeds to grind into her. She flicks her eyes to Rose and Alice who instantly understand and try to move closer to help her. Bella steps away and loudly says, "Get off!" The guy leers at her, "C'mon, looking and dancing like that tells me you need a man to… dance with ." He leans closer and Bella backs off from the smell radiating off of him. She can see that his friends are helping keep Rose and Alice away and she is getting a little nervous. He grabs her again, pulling her close to him, not caring at all that she is fighting him. Before he can do something, a hand grabs his shoulder and swings him around to a very angry Hatter who tells him in a hard tone, "The lady told ya no. And a gentleman always honors wha' a lady says." Bella is shocked that the man whose eyes had caused the odd but pleasant feeling in her stomach earlier was now there… defending her? She is grateful and a little flattered; most people and her friends don't try to help her, knowing she can handle herself very well. But this is a dangerous situation and she is feeling very uncomfortable – this guy gave her a very bad feeling – and Bella is grateful for the save. Her savior glances at her and indicates slightly that she needs to try to move away. She looks quickly around and sees that the only safe spot is beside her brown-eyed savior since all the other ways are blocked. Lonnie looks at the man that has come out of nowhere, taking away his fun. Who did this guy think he is? He attempts to push away the smaller man so he can get back to his entertainment for the night, but is shocked when the man doesn't budge at all. And then he notices the woman who'd caught his attention moving to the guy's side. Without even glancing at her, the guy moves slightly in front of her, effectively making sure that Lonnie can't get to her. Not without going through this guy first. "Who the hell do you think you are?" Lonnie demands angrily. At first, Hatter puzzles about why the woman who caught his attention didn't leave. Then he realizes that this bloody scumbag's friends have blocked her in. Instead, she has assessed the situation and moved to the safest spot in the circle, by his side. He moves slightly to make sure that if the drunken man makes a move towards her, it would be through him. Where are the bouncers he hired to make sure situations like this did not happen? Hatter replies to the man in a cold voice, "You will bloody leave now, my friend, or you will regret whatever you do to the lady here." Lonnie stares at the guy and gets a bad feeling that this is not going to end well. Glaring at him, he mutters, "Whatever, I was just trying to dance with the lady." He stalks off, figuring he can try again when he is sure the guy is elsewhere. Lonnie has never seen this guy before when other girls came through and caught his attention. The guy is probably a bouncer or such, he thinks, before whistling to his friends and walking away, not looking back. Bella breathes a sigh of relief and then brown eyes turns quickly and asks her, "Are ya alright, did the bloody scut harm ye?" She looks into his eyes and sees that he is genuinely concerned. "No, he just frightened me." She takes a deep breath, thinking that she needs to thank him – and to be honest, she really wants to know his name – and says, "Thank you. My name is Bella." He glances at her, as if making sure she is alright. "Yer welcome. Nice ta meet ya Bella, name's Hatter." He glances around again, noticing the crowd and still feeling… protective, he asks her, "Ya want to get off the floor and get a drink ?" And maybe answer some of my questions… Bella looks at Hatter, noticing the nice build, the hair that goes wherever it wants, and the oh ye gods, thank you! accent. The odd feeling in her stomach returns and she smiles. She really needs a drink and doesn't feel worried about being with this man who has saved her. In fact, she wants to get to know him better. She glances over her shoulder to Rose and Alice and lets them know she is going to the bar. They nod and give her a look that she all too well recognizes; she will be getting the interrogation later. Bella turns back to Hatter, noticing he has seen all of their byplay and is still patiently waiting for her answer. "Yes." This free fall in her stomach has got her feeling so… They walk off the dance floor together to satisfy their mutual curiosity about the other. Fairfarren~ Kittyinaz Final count: 3,280 Ok, so this story is full of lemons. Unable to be posted on Fanfiction. I will be posting once a week on my site, and leaving a chapter saying where it is all at each time I update. Where you get it from is up to you. Enjoy!