our waiter go round to the back to check on another customer. Apparently I'm not the only one who's noticed. Ange kicks me under the table forcing me to look at her. I clear my throat and stand up, a small indicator to the others, that I'm about to make a break for it. With small, jittery steps I make my way to the exit, followed sluggishly by the others who rise one by one from the table so as to appear casual. "Hey!" I should know better than to expect a cop to fall for casual! The second the waiter calls out after us, the cop it out his seat! "RUN!" Mike yells and we simultaneously pick up the pace. Everyone scatters as we run! The cop makes a mad dash for us and my heart's pounding in my ears! I miss the Wolves so much right now. This is why I never go out with anyone from school! We're not really friends, are we? They're all running for themselves. None of them spare a glance for the others. They just run… every man for themselves, not like with the Wolves, where instinct says protect the family! The last thing I notice is Angela running wildly across the street and someone's following hot on her tail. Everything starts to blur after that. I'm not watching where I'm running. All I know is that I have to get as far away from the cop and restaurant as possible. I'm not sure where these guys appear from, but they must've been alerted by the ruckus behind us, because soon they're right behind me, then some get past me and they're racing like you wouldn't believe. There is no possible way for anyone to outrun them! They're well built, in colors, and young but still defiantly older than me, and they're so agile that even though they were, at first, all casually having a conversation, the second we raced past them, they took off right after us and literally caught up in a matter of seconds! I'm panting, and my calf muscles are on fire, but I try to run faster. Someone grabs hold of my arms and pulls me back with such force that I crash into him. Pulled into my captor's chest, he holds me in a cage of his lean, muscular arms. He's far taller than me and as much as I try to break free of his hold it's useless . "Quit moving, little girl," he growls, and I feel like pointing out that he can't be much older than me, but I wisely keep my mouth shut, considering he's positively terrifying and I haven't even seen him yet! Someone approaches from behind us and an olive-skinned guy with dreads stops mid-run to address him. The other males continue their pursuit of Mike and the rest. His grey eyes dart towards me as if giving count, before he turns to leave. "Don't worry. We'll get the others, Edward." It can't be? Yes, it can! The guy holding me in an unbreakable grip turns me towards "Edward" and I refuse to look at him out of fear of seeing who I think this Edward might be! But I am now, however, able to see the guy who's got a vice grip on me… it's James! He smirks at me, and with horror clearly spelt on my face, I start up my bid to break free. "I'm so sorry, Boss, I tried to stop them," someone pants, running up to where we are. My head snaps to the breathless waiter, who has finally managed to catch up, and I make the mistake of following his line of sight and then… I die . Oh. My. Fucking. God. As feared, Edward Cullen is standing there, wearing a devilish smirk and yes, HE'S BOSS! Now, I think I'm seconds away from blacking the hell out. I gawk at him in shock. Edward's dressed similarly to how he was yesterday, only today he's got his hoodie sleeves roughly pulled up to his elbows showing off his lean, muscled arms as he stuffs his hands into the front pockets of his dark jeans and stalks casually towards us. But his eyes pierce and burn through me like I'm a lamb and he's the lion. His presence is dark, calculating and commanding as usual and only his eyes have a roguish glint in them. Completely ignoring his employee, he instead directs his attention to his olive-skinned gang member. "Let them go, Laurent, I'm really not fucking interested in them," he dismisses, almost as if the other kids that were with me bore him like nothing on this planet. His dark eyes scan me, starting from my toes and practically drinking up my body until he finally comes to a stop at my eyes, while he completes his sentence. " I'm interested in her ," He states, in no uncertain terms. He grins cockily, lust, possession and amusement dance in his eyes as he steps closer. "I offer you dinner and you say no, but you have no qualms with stealing lunch from me," he says thoughtfully, but you can catch his true humor and triumph in the dark, forest green of his eyes. "Whatever shall we do with you, Bella?" He tsked at me condescendingly. His voice was a steady, amused whisper, but he was definitely serious… Oh Lord, was he serious! ~.~.~ Your thoughts? Love and God bless: Kat;) ~.~.~ Prompt Status CH1: Full chapter posted here. I'm KittyTylz on TWCS. Banners, teasers, information can be found on my website (address on profile) and follow me on Twitter (a t)KatieA _ Tyler for progress and stuff cause I'm away for my job and it's difficult logging onto any of my sites. Once again thank you for all the support, you're simply the only reasons anchoring me to the stories since all this FF madness. In Love And War has also been updated. Take care.