husky and deep and it makes me shiver. Though it is rugged, it have a smooth tint to it – even with anger – that makes the girly part of me swoon. I blink and he takes that as a no. "Well, it's two mother fucking thirty in the morning, and your music has been blaring since I got home. Now, I don't know if you have some nocturnal sleeping disorder or something, but I for one am tired. But I find it hard to sleep when your neighbor is blasting Heavy D all night long. So if you could kindly turn your music down, I would ever so appreciate it." He seethes, putting a muscular arm against my doorframe. My mouth hangs open at his words. Mixed in with his New York accent is a tongue that has a considerably healthy knack for profanity. I don't appreciate it one bit, and I especially didn't like that I nearly melt like chocolate in a pocket during summer at the sound of his voice. I feel lightheaded and my heart flutters in my chest, but before I can actually worry myself that I will faint, the beta-blocker kicks in and sets it up to normal tempo. I still can't speak though. This boy standing outside my door with a tank top and basketball shorts has me tongue-tied. He is beautiful throughout his aggravation and I can't help but imagine how gorgeous he is when he smiles. This has to be my neighbor; the one Mr. Garrett had been referring to. He cocks his head to the side as if he is waiting for me to retort. When I don't do anything but ogle him, he smirks at me, shiny white teeth showing in the dark hallway. He removes his hand from my frame and turns to walk towards his apartment. Meanwhile, there is a brawl in my head between two personalities. My Bella persona has sucker punched my Isabella persona in the throat and claims my poor gelatin excuse for a body. She yells at me to say something while I still have the chance to, reminding me that I am pulling an "Isabella" and to "woman up" because I am in New York and they don't have room for sissies here. Before I realize what I am doing, my mouth opens and the words come out. "Its 1:16, jackass." I quickly clamp a hand over my mouth and gasp. Where in the hell did that come from? I felt my face heat up, and I knew it probably looks even frazzled than my hair. The man turns on his heels, his head whipping towards me, tendons casting tents on his neck. "What the hell did you just call me?" he asked, looking slightly amused and surprised at the same time. I clear my throat and remove my hand off my mouth. I rub the back of my neck, hoping to play it off. Well, no turning back now. "You – you heard me." I mutter again. In my head, Bella is slapping her forehead in annoyance at my stuttering comeback. Isabella is just slowly rocking back and forth. The beautiful man in front of me smirks to the point where it could have been a smile. It is . . . sexy and my heart flip-flops again. His green eyes looks me up and down, and I feel nervous in my shorts and oversized jersey, but I stand firm. "Would you like to repeat it again?" he quirks an eyebrow, his eyes squinting to the point where they almost disappeared. "Why? Didn't make myself clear the first time?" Surprisingly, my voice is even and it makes me smile. I knew I look crazy smiling at him, but I can't help it. Point for Bella for holding firm. "Oh, I wouldn't be talking. I'm not the one blaring music at one o'clock in the morning like I'm audibly challenged am I? What, are you trying to feel the vibrations?" is he seriously making fun of Deaf people in front of me? He speaks like he doesn't give a darn that anyone heard it; in fact he smiles. This isn't the smile I am looking for though. It is evil and annoying the hell out of me. Despite the obvious attraction I feel for him, his attitude is horrible and a turn off. I roll my eyes. "How's this for a vibration?" I ask sweetly, and then I slam the door in his face. When my door is shut, I do a little happy dance. I just stood up for myself for the third time and without realizing it at first, I felt like I was getting stronger. People did things like this every day so it may seem a little silly to be feeling a tremendous buzz like I was, but I never did things like this before. I could never curse at someone and roll my eyes to their face. Never in all my life could I ever insult someone – not even in my mind. In my attempt to break free, I was still pretty shy about it. I told my parents I was leaving without even looking them in the eye and I swear that in that time period I have never spoken so little about something so significant regarding what I wanted. Speaking up is so hard for me to do; I never expected to pull myself out of the hole my parents left me in. I'd lived under my parent's restrictions for my whole life, believing that they are doing what's best for me. But no one knows me like I do, and I finally understood that. There is still a tingling in my wrists. From adrenaline? From Isabella? Or from me? Whatever it is makes me feel bionic, like I can lift a car off a baby or fly. I skip all the way to my bedroom and flop on my bed. I felt good.