felt about my lovely siblings hours ago. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx "Living forever has absolutely no perks or joy. It always amazes me the wonder and obsession humans go through on their quest for immortality. Did they know they were running around to look for a way to live forever-to live forever and watch every one you love die. To live for eternity to look upon the same things changed and twisted to slightly different versions of its previous self…" "Your ranting and moaning is cutting into my enjoyment of my meal" Jasper groaned, dropping the carcass at his feet and wiping his mouth absently. I never understood why he couldn't try to control it a little more-the monster inside him-and not crush the poor elk's bones to dust inside its still living body before snapping its head(almost severing it) and drinking greedily and messily so there was blood on the grass and on his earth coated clothes. The argument I would have to endure listening to between him and Alice over the destruction of that damn shirt… "Dude, just live " Emmett sighed, dragging the growling and hissing lion by the tail back to us. "A hard thing to do when you don't have a beating heart…" I mumbled but of course they heard me and they groaned simultaneously, Jasper waving a hand in the hair in defeat, his thoughts going back to Alice and the sex he was looking forward too… "Could you keep the thoughts pg thirteen please" I sighed and he smiled shyly but failing to stop the visuals from spinning of my favourite sister. He could be worse than Emmett sometimes… "And Emmett, just kill it and be done" I snapped. "If you're not depressing me with your angsty jargon…"he muttered, snapping the squirming lion's neck irritably. "You're nagging me like Esme…" "It's settled" Jasper laughed. "You're a fairy" "I am not gay!" I hissed, growling at him before Emmett bellowed a booming laugh from behind me. "Did you just squeal or was that an attempt at growling" Emmett chuckled, dropping his drained kill. "Because this is how big boys growl" Jasper drawled before his low deep growl resounded through the little clearing. "And this is how grown men growl" Emmett whispered, rounding on me and growling too, his stance changing to a low crouch-like form for fighting. They were trying to work together and trap me in a strong hold. Their thoughts kept shifting back to their partners and their unsatisfying kills to lead me away but I knew already… I beamed innocently at both of them before jumping high up into the tree at the precise moment they decided to pounce on me and fleeting through the heights of the giant pine trees back home. Oh, the company I had in eternity… unchangeable. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX "Why do you keep looking at the Quileute History teacher?" Alice asked but it felt more like an accusation. "I just think it is odd…" I sighed, watching the extraordinarily vertically challenged tall woman slide across the grass before finally righting her stance and skipping into the teachers lounge. "Odd that she would be here…" I continued wearily. Alice was intensely curious even though she always knew… most of the time… "She is from the Reservation" "Where those wolf people you and Carlisle encountered come from?" she asked, tilting her head to the side thoughtfully although she found the topic mildly interesting. I nodded tersely and sat on the stone bench outside the cafeteria. Rosalie and Emmett were caught up in Senior English and Jasper was stuck in P.E. It would have to be Alice and me for today… "I see your Art History class having her as an addition" Alice murmured, her eyes fluttering slightly. I peered into her mind and followed the hazy images of the girl-the young teacher, Leah Clearwater-waving at the rest of our class with a little more confidence than her first day. Just then, Angela Weber rounded the corner, moving slowly and deliberately over the wet grass. Why is he staring at this one NOW! Alice groaned internally. "Hello Angela" I said abruptly. She stopped in front of the entrance to the cafeteria, her mouth hanging open and eyes wide. Her thoughts were completely blank except for my pale inhumanly handsome face peering up at her questioningly. "You… spoke" she finally stuttered. "He does that sometimes" Alice sang, twirling the string of my bag. Why are we talking to humans? Is it a game… "uh… hello, then" Angela said, smiling shyly. "Hope you are enjoying the…" Weather? Seriously… you are going to talk about the weather… "It's perfect for us" I finished with the same abrupt hastiness that had caused me to greet her. her eyes widened and her cheeks turned a pale cherry pink. She nodded once, opting not to talk and rushed inside the cafeteria, her thoughts a flurry of questions and awe. "What is it with you today" Alice hissed. "Wolf tribes and shy girls?" "The teacher is fascinating, you have to admit" I chuckled and she agreed mentally. "The girl… her mind is strangely honest and pure…" I said softly. "She makes English bearable" "Okay…" Alice murmured sceptically, leaning back on my arm. "Just don't play your new game in front of everyone else… they would be most cruel" "Aren't they always" I sighed nudging her slightly. "Always ruining any fun I manage to find" "Last time you 'managed to find fun'" Alice giggled. "We had to pretend to die in a freak horse stampede on our farm!" "Vampires living on a farm" I mumbled. "What rubbish…" "What's rubbish is carrying a horse ten kilometres" "It was injured" I whined. "It was inured running away from the crazy vampire trying to ride it!" she snickered. "What were you thinking Edward" "I missed it" I sighed. "Horse riding…" "You miss too many things" she sighed, playing with my hair. "Live a little…" "I'm dead" I grumbled. "Then make the most of your death…"