that New York had to offer. When it got late, Alice and I returned to the apartment. Then, we huddled in bed together and watched movies. Before the night was over, she asked me if I wanted to call home. I knew she really meant if I wanted to call Jacob. I said no. This was our routine for a week before I finally decided to phone the house and check up on everyone. I picked up the hotel telephone and dialed the familiar number. "Hello? Bella Cullen speaking." "Hey, mom! It's been a while. Alice and I have been loving New York. We're thinking about moving," I joked. "How's everyone doing?" "We'd be doing fine if that damned dog would stop calling the freaking house." Rosalie half-yelled into the phone. "Nice to hear from you, Rosalie." "Don't worry, honey. It isn't your fault. It's the mutt's fault. Maybe we should move to Greenland and get rid of him once and for all. Yeah! We'll get new names and-" There was the sound of the phone being wrestled away and then mom was back on. "Um, honey? Hi. I'm glad you're enjoying your trip, but…" "But what, mom?" "Why haven't you called Jake yet? It's been eight days, Ness. He's worried sick." "I…" "What?" "Jake was being an asshole." "You didn't try to call Jake because the two of you got into a little fight?" "It wasn't a little fight. He hurt my feelings," I muttered. My voice must've cracked when I said it, because my mom's tone suddenly softened. "I know, sweetheart. But Jake's really lost without you," She said. Gah. She knew exactly what to say. It felt like an arrow just hit my chest. But I refused to yield. "I doubt that what he's feeling is even a fraction of what he made me feel like a week ago." "Ness, I've been in Jake's shoes. Desperately wanting to know if someone's okay, trying time and time again to talk to them even though they're mad at you. I can't stand to see anyone like this, let alone Jake. Just give him a call." "I don't want to call him, Mom. If he wants to know about my wellbeing so badly, then you can tell him yourself. I won't talk to him." " Renesmee Cullen . I swear, you're just as stubborn as your father. You'd better call Jake. Right. Now. " "I don't care how worried he is!" Lie. "My life doesn't revolve around Jake!" Lie. "It's not like he even cares about me anyways!" LIE. "If only you knew. Call Jake. Now. Or else, when you get back, I'm locking you two in a room together until you can sort your shit out." Then she hung up. My own mother hung up on me. And cursed . She never curses. I sighed. Should I really call him? I didn't even have to ask the question before I knew the answer. Slowly, I dialed the number that I've had memorized since I was old enough to pick up a phone. I listened to the slow, agonizing ring of the phone before Jake finally picked the phone up. "Hello?" Jake sounded tired, like he'd been up a week straight, not having gone to sleep since I left. I hung up. I was a complete coward, and I couldn't talk to him. But I had to. He'd think Alice kidnapped me and stuffed me into a phone-less room. Because the normal me would've already picked up a phone and talked to Jake until 5 am. The normal me might've even demanded that Jake get on the next plane to New York and joined us, most likely against Alice's wishes. But I didn't feel like the normal me. I wasn't Renesmee, Jake's best friend. I was a cowardly little girl that was trying to run from her own feelings. Maybe I was too young, just like Jake said. I gave him the silent treatment instead of sorting through my feelings with him. I had to make him understand. Even if he rejected me, at least the back and forth would end. I'd stop getting tricked by the glimmers of hope that he'd love me, too. I could finally get some peace. I knew I'd never move on from loving him, that Jake was it for me. But maybe wearing my heart on my sleeve would keep us from having all these fights and misunderstandings. Maybe we'd be friends again. Real, unconditional friends. Like we used to be. Once more, I picked up the phone, dialed Jake's number, and listened to the agonizingly slow ringing. I couldn't do this. I had to. But it was so hard. I have to do this for Jake . That shut all other thoughts up. Even if I'd have to face the embarrassment of admitting that I desperately wanted Jake to kiss me; that I wanted him to want me the way I want him. It was worth it to make Jake feel better. Finally, Jake picked up. "Hello?" His voice sounded more annoyed than last time. Silence. I couldn't even make myself speak. "Hello?" Jake said again. I forced myself to say something. To say anything. I knew that Jake didn't love me romantically, and that just made things harder. Other guys had wanted me. I could bring any man to his knees with a smile. But Jake would only ever view me as the six-year-old I was supposed to be. I wish I really was that young, just so I wouldn't have to feel this way about Jake. Maturity without experience. It was so painful sometimes. Wanting to take a relationship further without any clue as to how or why I felt the need in the first place. I wasn't ready for this onslaught of emotion. Please Heart, stop torturing me so much. "I swear if this is another prank call I'll-" Jake started. I finally managed to choke words out. "Hey, Jake…"