how just seeing her takes your breath away. Anyways I gotta *cough* go *cough*." I stared at Carlisle before saying "I think it's time for that appointment." And with that he escorted me to his office. He sat me down and and x-rayed me and then took some blood. I wound up coughing and upchucking my heart I used my telekinesis to put it back into my thorax. Carlisle felt shocked and kind of terrified for me. He told me "Your cells are rotting away, and your organs are failing. I don't know what to do." I opened the door to see the one called Jasper standing there I tossed him my keys . "There is a little black case in the trunk of my car I need you to get it and hurry." With what I said he ran down the hallway, down the stairs, and to my car. He returned two seconds later I grabbed the case set it down on the table. I got the syringe out poured a vial of ominous purple liquid into it. All the vampires ran into the room. Carlisle looked worried for me and said "What is that?" I looked at him "I don't know what it does but I'm willing to risk it. The old woman who rescued me all those years ago gave it to me." And with that I plunged the syringe into my veins while the Cullen's screamed "NOO!" I pushed the fluid into my veins, I dropped the syringe and felt the fluid go through me it was like ice to my veins. It felt peaceful, I could feel my cells grow and I could feel my organs being born a new. I looked at my arm and saw I was glowing with a light. "Wow I feel like I was born a new." Carlisle checked my vitals and spoke. "You are 100% healthy, I have no idea what that serum was but it healed you 100%." I smiled and said. "See I knew it was going to work out in the end, I picked up the syringe and placed it back in the case . I got out a vial of the glowing liquid. I handed it to Carlisle and said "You can analyze it if you want." Carlisle smiled at me and looked like he was going to hug me. I stepped back and said "No hugs." I walked out of the room and down the hallway. I opened a door that led to a balcony that was outside. Everyone else was following me. "I stepped on top of the railing said "I have to go." I was facing them when I jumped backwards off of the railing I did a flip in the air landed on my hands. I blew a kiss to them before getting back onto my feet and running off towards the forest. I was singing in the middle of the forest which attracted a male buck. I called him towards me and I held him around the neck so he wouldn't run off. I transported a dagger to my hand and I stabbed the buck in the side. I took the dagger out and took a vial out of my pocket, I levitated the blood off of the dagger and put it in the vial. I screwed a lid onto the vial. I transported the sacrificial blade to its dwelling place. I went over to the dying buck and took the soul of the buck. I had swallowed the soul, being efficient in ending the bucks' suffering. I ran back to the Cullen's place and opened the door. They could smell the blood I was carrying with me. Emmett stepped forward and asked "Why do you have deer blood with you?" I was to busy looking at the grand piano I had just noticed. "Recreational witchy reasons." I strode toward the piano becoming completely entranced by it. I was standing in front of the piano I was stroking the smooth surface of it. I adored the black structure of it. I spoke "May I play it?" I got a nod from Esme I sat down and pulled the keyboard cover back, to show the piano keys. I placed my fingers on the keys and began to put my heart into what I was playing. My emotions went into the melody, I was devoid of emotions. I started with a sad melody, and it only got worse, until in the end it reached a happy jovial ending. I opened my eyes to see everyone applauding my work. I stood up and put the cover back over the piano keys. and slid the seat closer to the piano. Esme stepped in front of me and asked " What was that piece about?" I looked at her and spoke. "It was a serenade about this woman who has known nothing but pain and suffering. But she knows that she will die soon. So her last wish is to know love before she dies. She travels around the world searching for love only to find poverty and murder. And one day she saves this young man from being murdered by his own family. He falls in love with her but she doesn't find out till the very end. When she is close to her last breath he confesses his love to her and kisses her. After she gets kissed she dies knowing love, and has accepted her fate." With saying that I yawned and said "Is there a place I can sleep, even if it's the couch I'm fine." Esme insists that I stay in the guest room, she escorts me up there. I tell her good night I teleport some pajamas onto the bed. I strip out of my clothes and exchange them with a black shirt and black and red plaid pants. I jumped onto the bed and as soon as my head hit the black satin pillow, I fell deep asleep.