to keep a woman coming back. I bet Emmett knows how to keep them asking for more. As I look at the door, I forget who is underneath me. My brain starts to visualize a different man. Stronger, taller. Dark hair instead of yellow. Warm, dark blue eyes instead of cold, light ones. I cum hard picturing a different man and ride through the aftershocks. Mike grabs my hips and pumps lamely up until he cums too. Lame. His thrust wouldn't be able to make me cum at all if I let him do what he wanted. I climb off, go to the bathroom, clean and redress. "Make sure that cash finds dad," I tell Mike as I open the door. Mike and I do business, not emotions and that works for us. He says he will take it right there now and I shut the door. I look at the three men and they all heard what happened in there. His two are avoiding my gaze as they shift from leg to leg to hide their erections. Unsuccessfully. Emmett is staring at me with dark, hungry eyes. He is not a boy. He is a man who knows what he wants and right now… he wants me. I feel the moisture pool again even though I just came. For this sexy man, I could be ready again. "Ready to go back?" I ask him and he nods. We get in the elevator and he turns accusingly towards me, "You did that on purpose, didn't you?" "Did what?" I say innocently. I had mastered the innocent-deer-doe-eyed girl since I was ten and I wanted Charlie to give in to my wishes. "You were loud enough for us to hear you and visualize you in there," he says. So he did hear and visualize. Good, good, I think evilly. "Did you like what you imagined?" I use my most flirtatious voice and bite my lip. He groans, "Yes." He hisses. "Hand off the precious daughter." He reminds me, as if I'd forgotten. "Fine, don't use your hands then," I say and grab his face to bring him down to mine. His palms go to the wall behind me, caging me in as he pounces on my mouth. God, his tongue feels good. I bite his lips with a frenzy I didn't realize I was reserving and tagged at his soft hair. He moaned in my mouth and bit my bottom lip before he captured it and pulled it into his mouth. "Ow," I said when he wouldn't release it and he stared into my eyes. He let it go and before I overcame the pain from my lip, his lips were diving into the nerves of my neck, to my cleavage and he blatantly moved to the front of my shirt and bit around a nipple with his teeth through all the clothing, "Ahh!" that felt good! How did he even find it through all the layers, it is as if he knew exactly where it was. Mike had problems finding it when my boobs were handing naked in front of his nose. One thing because apparent by this little violation of personal space; Emmett would be great at sex. He pushed off the wall with his hands and turned around. "Hand off . The meaning behind that was very clean and it was not limited to hands only. Do you want to get me killed?" he says with labored breaths and all I see is his gorgeous back and plum ass that is begging to be groped. "If your plan is to get me killed, at least pull the trigger yourself and put a bullet in my head." He waits and it would be easy to reach for my gun and shoot the back of his head before he had time to stop, he certainly wasn't trying. I wanted to sex him up, not kill him. When I remained silent he just waited until the doors opened and then we went to my bike. We drove in silence as I took us to my favorite diner and we started eating in silence. Me undressing him with my eyes and him trying and failing to ignore me. My shirt was wet from his mouth when he sucked my nipple and his eyes kept returning to it. It didn't help that the cold made it hard. My phone buzzed, "Yes" "Where the fuck is my money?" Charlie said on the other end. "I gave it to Mike," I checked my watch, "You should have it by now." "Well I don't. He never showed and cameras caught him driving off the city." He told me. "He betrayed you for 90 thousand?" I say in doubt. "He was supposed to deliver three million plus whatever you gave him." He hisses and I close my eyes. "Give me your orders," I say and Emmett stops eating, picking up on the change in my mood. "Bring him in. Alive. Kill whoever is with him." "Yes, Sir," I say and smile. I always like that order. Thank you for reading. This is a story where I will be changing the plot and character behavior based on readers' wishes. If you tell me you want Emmett to give in to her in the next chapter, I will do that. If you tell me you want Bella to back off, I will do that. What the readers say, goes. I have an idea of how to progress the story and I will stick to it if no one says anything, but I am more than willing to accommodate requests. This is a new way of writing that I am testing out and how this story goes will be influenced a lot by you guys. So, leave me your reviews, or message me with ideas! This idea originated with jessa76 . Thank you for the idea to write a story about Emmett/Bella with "a lot of danger and sexy times"!