widened. "Cullen?" Alice asked, "As in related to us Cullen?" I should probably explain. I hadn't done a very good job earlier, and it didn't seem like I was doing a good job now. "I'm Bella and Edward's daughter." "What?" Alice practically squealed, "No way! They can't have a daughter!" "They have two." I said, "Me and my little sister Arietta. I just dropped her off at Emmett and Rosalie's. Look I'm not very good at explaining this, but uh...ah what the heck." I handed Alice the letter with Alice & Jasper printed on it. "I guess my parent's thought that you guys would be able to help. I dunno what the letter says, but it seemed to convince Emmett and Rosalie to take in Arietta, so..." I trailed off as I watched their faces grow confused. "Alice, you didn't see any of this in the future?" Jasper asked "No." Alice said. Her voice came out part confused, part worried, and a rather large part annoyed. "I can hardly see anything where Bella is concerned anymore! I...I guess I probably wouldn't foresee children...but it seems like such a big thing to miss!" The letter seemed to have them convinced that I was Bella and Edward's daughter. I watched them as they shared another look. Then Alice turned to me and beamed. "Of course you can stay with us Renesmee! You're family! Bella and Edward's daughter! We'll do whatever we can to help you and keep you safe!" I smiled, "Thanks. I guess I'm still getting used to all this. Today I found out that my whole life was a lie." My smile faulted and Jasper frowned. "And now I guess I'm here and I don't know what to do next." "Well, you'll come inside for a start." Alice said, "Come on!" Alice was so strange, how she turned from the mature adult telling me she'd help to keep me safe, to the bouncy teenager she physically looked like. I followed Alice and Jasper inside, picking up my bag from the doorstep. "That's all you brought? Where are all the clothes?" Alice asked. I shrugged. "Mom packed all my stuff in a rush." I said, "I got home and left straight away." "Oh God, Bella packed your clothes?" Alice asked, "You are so screwed." I laughed a little. The one thing Mom had ever told me about Alice was that she was a bit of a fashion queen, and forever complaining about Mom's dress choice. I could see where Alice was coming from sometimes. "Alice," Jasper said softly, "Why don't you sort out a room for Renesmee and let her settle in?" He turned to me, "You must be tired. You've had a very long stressful day." I was tired. Not in a way that I desperately needed sleep - the vampire part of me meant that I never needed to sleep if I chose not to - but mentally I was exhausted, and I would give anything to just lie down and let my troubles melt away as I relaxed. "Right!" Alice said. She bit her lip. "The second bedroom is full of clothes and stuff, but the attic is practically a third bedroom. There's a bed and a closet and windows and everything." She looked nervous, "Do you think that will be okay? Or should I clear out the bedroom?" "The attic will be fine!" I said, "Anywhere is fine. I'm really grateful for this." "It's a nice room, really!" Alice said, tugging me up the stairs by my hand as if we hadn't just met five minutes ago, "I decorated it myself as a sort of guest room. Of course, we don't really have guests all that much." Alice led me up some steps and opened the door. The large space wasn't really an attic at all. It had been completely converted into a spacious room, decorated mostly in black and white, which some splashes of bright pink and turquoise accessories dotted around the room. It really was pretty. Just the right sort of room for a girl my age. It was like destiny. "It's lovely Alice!" I said. Alice beamed. "Really? Do you like it?" She asked. I nodded. "You'll be okay up here?" I nodded again, "Uh, you're half human, right? Do you sleep?" "If I want to." I said, "It's more of a choice than a necessity." "Oh. That's cool!" Alice said, "I've got so many questions to ask you, but I'll leave you to rest and settle in. If you need absolutely anything, just help yourself or ask me or Jasper. We'll be right downstairs." "Thanks Alice." I said, "I can see why my parents loved you so much." Alice's face lit up, "See you in a bit, Renesmee." "Bye." I said, and Alice shut the door. I turned to face my new bedroom. It really was beautiful. I sat down on the big double bed cross-legged and looked around the room. How long was I going to be living here? I suddenly realised that I had no idea when it would be safe to go back to my parents. If it would ever be safe. If there would even be parents to go back to... I'd been told to run, and told to hide. But I hadn't been told for how long. I hadn't been told what my parents were doing, or what they expected me to do for God knows how long. I just had to go with it. So here I was. 17 years old, and still hiding from monsters under the bed. Heyy, so what do you think? Interested in the story? Maybe? Review! Please! Any questions? :) This is the longest chapter I've ever written on Fanfiction (Over 8000 words!) and I'm going to try and keep it as long chapters, which means it might take longer to update that my other stories, but there should be an update about once a week, maybe a little more or less.