child. She must get punished for it.'' Tanya said to Edward. He didn't reply or even look at her and just stared at me. ''I take all the conseqences for my misbehaviour.'' I said honestly. Tanya's mouth fell open. ''Tanya could you leave us for a moment? And can you take the boy with you?'' Edward ordered to her and she nodded. She left the room with EJ and Edward walked over to the windows. He closed the grey curtains. ''I assume you regonize me?'' Edward asked. ''How could I not?'' I snorted. He sighed and sat on the desk. ''He is my son isn't he?'' Edward stated and I slowly nodded. ''Yeah , but I don't see why that should bother you.'' I told him shortly. His face became angry. ''Why it should bother me?! He is my son god dammnit Bella! I have a right to know and you just decided to keep it as a secret.''' Edward yelled at me. ''Excuse me? You said I wasn't worth your time. Besides I wrote a letter to your father telling him about the pregnancy and he said you don't want to have anything to do with him and won't pay.'' I snapped. ''Wh-a-t no. My father didn't tell me of any pregnancy and I surely didn't say those things.'' Edward told me, looking directly into my eyes. I don't know why , but I strangely believed him. I sighed. ''Ok well what now?'' I asked him. He shrugged. ''I'm not one of those who doesn't care about their child. I want to see him. How about you bring him to work everyday from now on so I can spend more time with him?'' He asked me. I thought about it. ''Not with evil bitch around here. I don't want her and her friends to harras my son too.'' ''Our son.'' He corrected me. ''And what do you mean?'' Edward asked me confused. ''She bullies me literally everyday and now don't tell me you didn't know of it.'' I snorted. ''I didn't. And I'm against bulliyng. I won't allow anyone in my company to bully their colleagues even if they have a lower position.'' Edward told me strongly and partly angry. ''Well it happened and if it wasn't for my monetary problems I would have quit the work here years ago.'' I replied to him and he scrunched his nose. ''I am sorry and I do see your point. She will take the consequences of it.'' ''Why do you even care for me? You hated me. I was just a little toy for you.'' I said to him, my voice cracking at the last part. Edward wasn't just an average high school crush, I really loved and it broke my heart when I knew he played with me. Though my feelings for him never left. My heart still beats for him. ''You're the mother of my child and I feel guilty.'' Edward confessed. ''You know what? Okay I'll bring him over but that is it. I won't work here any longer. My whole life has been a desaster and since you want to be with him you can surely pay for him too'' I told him serious. ''Are you sure?" ''A hundred percent. I'm sorry you couldn't meet EJ before but you played with me and I tell you one thing. If you ever dare to hurt him you'll get to know me better." I snapped at him. He sighed. ''I can't force you to stay here and I won't fire Tanya. She has been a very loyal secretary over the past years. However I'll support you from now on and I suggest you leave out the icely undertone in your voice. It's not good for children to be around parents who yell and hate each other. I know you hate me , but do it for him" Edward told me angrily. ''Alright. Err I better go now." I told him. It pained me to be so rude to him , but I need to. Otherwise he'll hurt me again. ''Wait a minute.'' He told me and rushed out of the room. I said in my seat impatienly shifting back and forward. Why did he go? I've waited for about 20 minutes before I heard the door open. ''Here is my card so you can tell me all the details about EJ and when you'll bring him over'' Edward told me from behind. "Okay." I replied shortly. ''Where is EJ?'' I asked him. ''Renata is caring for him if that is okay. And between is his name really EJ?'' He asked me. ''No it's nickname. His name his Edward Junior.'' I told him. ''You named him after me? After all I've done?'' He raised an eyebrow. ''Yeah, you're his father after all.'' ''I hope he'll accept me.'' Edward said insecure. ''He will. He always asked about his father and wanted to meet you. Well anyway I'm going now." I told him and walked out of the room without looking back. My life isn't perfect, but all that matters to me is EJ. He wanted to meet his father and so does Edward. I don't have to work here anymore, because he'll finally pay. And the best part I'm not working with evil bitch Tanya anymore. The only thing that will be a problem is that I'll see the love of my life everyday from now. It's stupid anyway Edward is just being kind for EJ and not for me so I'm just going to pretend as if I hate him. This is suppose to be a one shot , but if many of you guys want me to continue I'll gladly will. But keep in mind I would only be able to update once every two weeks, because I have five other stories too. Anyway that is just if you want me to continue. And it will be after the contest is finished so after the 21th of December :)