tell him that he was wrong, but she couldn't, he was right. She never spent time with Rosalie other than when she was pregnant and that was the blond taking care of her. They had never actually talked, she never bothered. "So you will be leaving us for good this time, you won't change your mind?" Carlisle asked. "It's doubtful, it's been five years since we left. There is a lot of people we need to visit, and we may settle for a while in Italy, we aren't really sure." Esme said. "If you already made up your mind, who am I to keep you from leaving. But may I ask you what happened that lead you to make that decision?" the coven leader asked, not expecting the growl from Rosalie or the sadness that appeared on Esme's face. "No you may not, what happened doesn't concern you in anyway." Rose growled out, causing Carlisle to take a step back. "I'm sorry for asking." He said afraid that Rosalie would attack, she snarled and placed herself in front of Esme, shielding her from the eyes of the people present. "We will leave as soon as we get everything ready, that means we will have left in less than one hour." Rosalie announced. "Can you wait until Nessi is awake to leave, she would want to say good bye." Bella said. "I wish we could but we have a flight to catch." Rosalie sighed. "You can reschedule the flight, she will be devastated if she didn't see you before you left. "That won't be possible, there is something I need to check with the Volturi, they are waiting for us." At that everyone's eyes widened. "What would you possible want from them, if they see Nessie in your thoughts they will come to kill us. They will see her as a threat and try to kill her." Bella hissed. "They won't do anything to her, Aro will see in our thoughts that she was born when you were still human, they will know that she isn't in anyway an immortal child because she has a heartbeat. Nothing will happen to her." Rosalie spoke calmly. "You don't know that for sure, you would risk her life because you want to check something with them, whatever it is I'm sure that you could find other people to help you with it." Bella said with an anger filled voice. "It isn't that simple, I need to go to the Volturi for this particular thing, and no one else can do anything about it." Rosalie retorted. "You can't go there, I won't let you, you will get Nessie killed, and you will get all of us killed." Bella growled before leaping forward to attack Rosalie. Before she could even touch Rose, she was sent backward and crashed into the wall. Stunned by the attack she looked up to find a very pissed Esme crouched in front of Rosalie. The usually calm and composed vampire, was now enraged. Never had Bella felt so scared. Edward went to stand in front of his wife trying to protect her from any other attacks. Esme snarled. "Don't. Ever. Try. To. Attack Rosalie. I will rip you piece by piece." She said with an icy voice that sent shills down everyone's spine, and a glare directed toward Bella. The newborn recoiled in the corner of the room, her instincts screaming to her to stay away from the other vampire. "Honey calm down, we both now that even if she tried she would never be able to touch me, no need to go overboard." Rosalie said calmly, before placing both her arms around Esme's waist from behind. The vampire resisted a little before relaxing in the embrace and calming down. "We are going to gather our things and leave, please control the newborn or I will have to do it myself." Rosalie said in a cold voice. And with that Esme and Rosalie went upstairs to collect their belonging, and before long that were out of the house on their way to the airport. The atmosphere in the Cullen's residence was tense, they had been shocked by Esme's outburst it was so out of character. Bella was especially affected since she had caused the outburst, when those black eyes had looked at her with so much rage and hate, she wanted nothing more than to flee. She was scared out of her mind, she never imagined that Esme would be capable of doing something of the sort. "Why are they going to the Volturi Edward." Jasper asked breaking the tense silence that had engulfed the house after the attack. "I don't know, Rosalie is an expert when it comes to hiding her thoughts from me, I never can get past her defenses. And Esme seemed to be using the same method as Rosalie to keep me out." Edward sighed frustrated. "Alice can you see anything?" He questioned his wife. She shook her head. "I never can get clear images of them when they are together, you know that. They know how to get around my gift and keep me in the dark. Both of them value their privacy above all, they never liked when I would tell them what they would be doing together." He nodded. "I don't think they would risk Nessie's life like this, they must be sure that no harm will come to her." He said, Bella who had been silently listening to the conversation decided to join in. "Maybe, I hope they know what they are doing. I don't think I could look at Esme in the eyes ever again, or even fight her." She said defeated, Edward came to stand next to her and enveloped her in a hug. "Me too," he whispered. AN: Hello everyone, I hope that you liked this story, if so please tell me. I want to know if I should continue writing it or not. Tell me what you think please~K