I would see . He was sitting next to a young lady , very beautiful by the way was the same looking at me and smiling , you know that when you want to rush out and can not ... I'm so well . The wedding took place somewhat well, I resisted the urge to give some slaps in Carlise , need to think of something to give pro Edward and he was patient with all this . And now that the couple 's time the truth came out . - Bells I want you to meet my parents - I presenting nice couple that I now want to kill . - Hello Bells? - A scoundrel carlise greeted me , if I could pluck bone by bone. - So hi father Edward - tried to sound as firmly as possible . - Edward told me all about you baby , I'm Esme - I can not fault her. she has that knack of endearing mother. And surely do not know the rotten husband . - Equally . If you'll excuse me I think Allie is expecting me . Get out of there ASAP , I approached the table and grabbed the largest cup existing juice. - Take it easy girl - . Allie and who I wanted . - Just saw a ghost - Well you look like you saw the same . This well ? - No more I'll stay . - Look at my uncles , I think you do not know them. Aunt Esme is simply divine , and Uncle Carlisle is fantastic , it's the kind of couple that will age for the rest of life. And your boyfriend why you went with Edward , almost had a syncope . - Well he can not come so I grabbed the first one I saw . - Bells you do not look too good . - Do not worry I'll stay. It was all I could think of , the party began as a Borao . And when I was distracted and alone a pair of green eyes staring at me from the corner . - I'm sorry , I should not let go that far. I did not realize you were the same Bells friend of Emmett or Alice , I just made sure it was the same wedding as she handed me the invitation , was the same that was waiting for me at home. Say something . - I have nothing more to talk to you , only to never appear in front of me . Usa, March 2013 I survived , saying that the worst battles are those fought against itself are larger , no longer seem to end. And usually end up giving up . More that I won , I lived in a catatonic state for three months . I think I'd be dead if Edward had not broken into the door two weeks ago , he knows I '' finished '' with my boyfriend , buy the way all know, most rose only know who he was. I am hospitalized and received the worst news I could have , I am almost five months pregnant , not ironic , when you are in semi vegetative state you live in self imposed automatic and forget basic things . In recent months I did not want anything , did not feed me , did nothing . Carlisle stopped giving lessons to my class . And I 'm unsure what to do. I felt completely ungrounded , a baby is a gift however I only have 20 years. I'm still in the third year of college and the worse the father of my child besides having 20 more years , he was my teacher. - Come Bells you have to eat to be strong to take care of this little person al . I think that was the twentieth time that Edward did antics , I'm walking to the sixth month , it's a boy , and the name will be drooling Godfather Antony 's fault . I'm seriously thinking about telling him . - Another oranje my godson must be born strong and healthy . Usa, July 2013 I look like a sea lion dressed in circus tent , we're in the hospital , Antony wants to be born , and brother - sponsor this here . It was a shock when we told him , the more he overcame , and left not to like Antony . Became more attached yet. - Let's push just a little bit - Edward said . - I'm trying to - you know when you feel you have no more strength? More I needed to bring Antony life . - Bells was born he's gorgeous . - Let me see ... Usa, July 2020 - Daddy can I play with Mommy ? I 'll run I know where she is . - Go Tonny . Antonny is a perfect mix , he has green eyes and hair the color of chocolate. And already have nine years old . Approaching me and I'll try to listen to your conversation . - .. you will be proud of me , I like every little thing that daddy tells , He said I have another daddy .. plus I do not want him , I'd rather have you back . Today make nine years the Bells is gone, she could not resist the birth, I never married , I registered Antony as my son . Carlisle discovered that his father was when Tonny was five years and have a a school work that had a photo of the Bells . Their relationship is nonexistent . Tonny always says exchange for his father Carlisle for mother 's Bells . However some infinities are smaller than others, and never know what will actually happen remains to us to make sure our choices and learn to live with them .