you, you were asleep. Make sense?" I nodded again, "That's not the kind of sleep you should have been getting. The way you were acting was caused by not getting the sleep you needed, so nobody could really blame you for that exactly, but it's very dangerous to go so long." "Then there's the whole hallucinating thing." Emmett added, and I looked over at him, "I'm actually surprised that didn't happen." "What is that?" I asked. "That's where you start seeing things that aren't really there." He replied, "Not just thinking about them, but actually seeing things. Or it could be hearing things that were never really said. It's basically your brain playing tricks on you because it's exhausted." "Why was I so mad?" I asked, "For no reason, I was mean." "Probably the adrenaline." Alice answered, "That happens too. Without that half hour of light sleep every now and then, it would have been worse." "I won't do that again." I finally relented, "It's just.. Really hard to want to sleep when I know I.. Or think I'm not safe, you know?" "But you are." "I know that, but.. It's.. Hard to explain." "You're highly defensive." She nodded, "And that's understandable too after what happened last week, but you can't let it affect you like that." My attention was taken by Jasper's return, frowning a little. He risked coming back during the day? Normally when he was over in Idaho watching my dad, he stayed there until at least evening, when he could safely return. Unless Alice called him, like she did the day before. I watched him immediately start up the stairs, not saying a word to any of us. "Excuse me." Alice murmured, standing up. "Okay." I mumbled, watching after her as well. Emmett stayed with me, though, so I didn't feel as weird speaking again, "Something's wrong." "No." He replied, "He just has a question or two for Carlisle." "Questions that couldn't be handled with a call?" I asked. "Exactly." He sighed, picking up the TV remote. I frowned, but stopped pressing. Flipping through the channels, he seemed pretty eager to let it go too. I watched as he by-passed all the movie channels, landing on a news channel. That seemed like a first, but I could recall all the times he'd done that during the week. "The news?" I asked, and he glanced over at me. "I'm checking the oil prices." He muttered, and I didn't believe him, but I sighed. Needless to say, it was a little hard not to believe everything they told me during that talk. Both Alice and Emmett did have many, many points, and I knew they were right, but part of me was afraid to believe that I was still okay. Still pretty shaken, and still very afraid. Jasper wasn't around today. Probably off taking his turn watching over my dad. Now they knew, however, what Jack was capable of doing to me, even over the phone. How afraid I was of just one person, much less two, was finally made undeniably clear. I knew I probably should have felt embarrassed or stupid over how I'd been acting lately, but six straight years of hearing that voice, that tone, those threats, those words was bound to leave its mark. My dreams were one thing. This was real. He was real again. Hearing him behind me in the store that day didn't set me off this bad, oddly enough, but that could have been because he never spoke directly to me then. Though his very presence in itself was a threat to me, he never threatened me out loud. Not like that. I returned to my room not long later, sitting cross-legged on my bed. For once, focusing on something more than what was going on with me lately. The snow-globe Mikah had given me resting on the bed in front of me, playing its little tune quietly, muffled by the blanket. I hadn't done this in awhile, just looked at it. This object meant more to me than the necklace did, because he'd given me this himself instead of me only finding it after he disappeared. I revisited the memories I had of him now, and though they did hurt, they didn't wound me anymore. Though they didn't wound me anymore, I was still hurting. With all the things he said to me, I honestly wondered what he would say if he was here now. It really bothered me to think that if I ever saw him again, he wouldn't be the same. He wouldn't be who I grew to consider one of the best friends I ever had. And then, there was the fact that I probably wouldn't even see him again for a long, long time, if at all. Whatever he was doing there in that vision or whatever I'd had of him was obviously changed by now. Probably more than enough to change that part too. That was depressing. Sighing, I plopped a pillow over the snow-globe. Staring at the pillow for a moment, I sighed again and pulled it away. I missed him too much to cover him with a pillow. As stupid as it was, I was still mending my hurt, and I knew it'd take some time to do that. A/N: First chapter in. Not too much going on, but I like how it came out. Every story has to start somewhere, right? :) THANK YOU to those that reviewed the final chapter of last story! I was a little worried about that change. I was convinced it was too different, but I'm glad my faithful reviewers don't think so! :D THANK YOU so much! As for chapter two, it won't be long, as I made sure to move on with that before editing this one. :) It just needs a final go over, and should be ready to go on out in a few days at most. Until Two, my friends! :D