another session with him in a week. I wish he would tell me what he thinks, instead of just Aro. (I have no proof of this, but I can only assume that Aro knows everything I said. Aro always knows everything that goes on in Volterra.) Oh, Jake. You were in my dream again two nights ago. I see now that when I dreamed of you in my childhood, I was actually remembering you. My memories of that time are so vague, although I should not complain; no normal human would remember anything from the first several years of life, let alone the first eight days. Still it saddens me, now that I know you are real, to see how few memories of you I truly have. It does not seem right. In my dreams as a little girl, you were always surrounded by a nebula of golden light. And you looked so young, compared to how you look in real life! A mere boy. And always smiling. That is why I did not recognize you right away in Russia. You are so altered. I did not know you until you smiled. I hope that you are smiling now. Your smile pulls the sun across the sky. Love, Nary Jake is not smiling. He is barely even breathing. He wonders if she understands just what her letters do to him. Probably not. Nary—he thinks of her as Nary, now, and it does hurt; but then, he always knew little Nessie was dead—Nary is not privy to Jake's thoughts as he is to hers. Not by his choice, oh, no. If he thought there were a way to communicate with her without putting her life in danger—but there isn't. He'll have to be satisfied with this distinctly unsatisfying one-way mirror. But still... "I don't eat humans anymore," she wrote. Jake feels his face splitting into a Glasgow grin. He resists the urge to punch the air, and then realizes there's no reason to resist the urge to punch the air, and then punches the air. Then he yells, "Fuuuuuuck yeeeeeaaahhhh!" Then he jumps and stomps and skips around the driveway a few hundred times in a row, whooping. "What the hell is going on out there?" calls Billy from the front door. "Nary doesn't eat people!" Jake shouts back. "I don't know what she does eat, but it isn't people!" "That's some damn good news, boy!" says Billy. "I'll grab the champagne." He disappears into the house and then reappears with a couple of beers. He and Jake clink cans and drink. Jake can't stop smiling. There was a lot in that letter, plenty of stuff that makes him emphatically non-smiley, but he so rarely gets good news like this that he wants to savor it just a little longer. "She doesn't eat people," says Jake wonderingly. "She doesn't eat people. She really doesn't. She told me so." "I gotta say, I'm amazed," admits Billy. "Those Volturi are real fuckers. Ain't like she had anyone to teach her murderin' people is wrong." "I never doubted her for a minute," says Jake smugly, and also one-hundred-percent dishonestly. He had no way of knowing whether she was a cannibal or not. If he'd truly believed in her, he wouldn't be so relieved right now. And besides... "She used to eat people," he says, looking back down at the letter. "She says she doesn't eat them anymore . That means she used to. Right? Yeah. It does." "That is a bit of a downer," allows Billy. "But I mean, she was obviously indoctrinated," Jake goes on. "She says the head leech doesn't like her not eating people. I guess I should just be thankful she gave it up at all. There's probably a lot of pressure to conform." "I imagine that's so." "You know, I bet Carlisle would know a lot about this. I'm gonna go show'im the letter. See ya, Dad." Jake slaps his dad once on the shoulder (a version of hugging that better suits their manly dynamic) and in moments he is phased and flying toward the glass mansion. "They were mostly polite enough about my diet," says Carlisle. "Caius mocked me, but Caius mocks everyone. I wouldn't imagine that they personally introduced her to the vegetarian lifestyle, but now that she's discovered it on her own they won't prevent her following it." He glances over the rest of the letter and his eyebrows knit together. "I'm more worried about this part," he says, pointing. Esme and Rosalie peer over his shoulder. "Oh, dear," says Esme. "That doesn't sound good." "Do you really think her shrink is telling everything to Aro?" asks Rosalie in disgust. "And she's just okay with that?" "Why wouldn't she be?" says Alice. "Aro knows everything about everyone in Volterra. And they've obviously raised her not to value her own privacy that much. I mean, isn't that sort of what it was like for us...you know, when Edward was still...?" The mood in the room grows noticeably bleaker, the way it always does when Edward's name is brought up, or Bella's. "Well, I think it's revolting," says Rosalie, shaking off the sadness. "Poor Nar—Nessie. Dammit, Jake, now you've got me calling her Nary." "It's her name," he says, shrugging. "No, it's not," spits Rosalie. "Her name is Renesmee Carlie Cullen . You were the one who started calling her Nessie. Now you're perfectly happy to call her by the name those freaks gave her?" "It's how she signs her letters," says Jake. "It's what she wants to be called." "Yeah, and you just do everything she wants, don't you?" mutters Rosalie. "Stupid imprint." "Yes," agrees Jake wholeheartedly, "it is stupid. Speaking of which, have you guys gotten any bright ideas?" "Like we'd tell you if we did," says Emmett—not unkindly. "You'd just get in the way again." "You're right," says Jake. "Don't tell me." Welcome to the new story! Let me know your thoughts. Hope you like!