hair uncovering part of my face. I watched Rachel laugh, giggling obnoxiously along with the group she'd been chosen for. I desperately ached to hit her. "Why not?" Alice asked. The rest of the group seemed content with leaving her to ask all the questions, not caring one bit that we hadn't gotten into anything in particular. Choosing to use this time to socialize with each other. "I-I don't know.." I wasn't used to being asked so many questions. Normally, nobody ever tried this much, "She's not the easiest person to like." Instead of clamming up like I normally did, I found myself wanting to answer Alice's questions. Actually wanting to speak to her. Maybe it had something to do with the sense of familiarity, but I wasn't sure. "Is she mean to you?" "Yeah." I murmured, "All the time." It was the strangest feeling, actually having a conversation with someone. "Well, don't listen to whatever she tells you." She said, smiling, "Don't let someone like that get you down." "Yeah." I snorted, looking down, "I have so many other reasons to be thrown down." A short silence took place and I felt her studying my expression. For a small second, I feared some of the concealer had come off of my cheek. There was no way for me to check, so I had to settle with easing my nerves by the fact that nobody else freaked out. I kept my gaze down, trying to slow my racing heart. "Oh, it can't be that bad, can it?" She asked, her smile fading in concern. For the oddest reason, I had to force back tears. I blinked a few times, clearing my vision enough to see the desk under my hands. The last thing I needed was to cry at such a simple question. Hoping she didn't see that, I cleared my throat quietly, and sighed. She saw it, however. I knew she saw it. The pain in my tired eyes. Misery in every single one of my features. I hated my life, and everybody in it. I hated everything about myself. I spent each waking moment in physical agony, and obviously each sleeping moment torturing myself with thoughts of how good life could be. How could it not be that bad? "You have no idea." I gave her a forced smile, hoping to ease her concern. "I think I can imagine." She replied, not falling for it. Something about the gold in her eyes made me uncomfortable. It made me feel as if she were actually looking at me. Not just seeing me, but her piercing gaze made me feel as if she could see every single thing I tried to hide. I shook my head. There was no way. Shoving away the urge to hope. Even if she did have the slightest inkling of what went on at home, there would be nothing she could do. I scolded myself quietly. I had to get it together. That dream had my head all messed up. "So." She said, and I looked back up at her, "Tell me about yourself." Her tone had completely changed, throwing me off again. It returned to the same, chipper tone she'd first used. Open, friendly. "There isn't much to know." I replied, gently getting more comfortable in the seat, "I'm not very interesting." My tone was quiet, much like it always was. Especially considering I was still confused. Very confused. "I'm sure you're plenty fascinating." The way she said that made me believe her, if only for a moment. The smile she gave me was slightly contageous as well. I gave her a small, genuine one in return. I was quickly growing to like her. Too bad I'd never see her again after this class. "Well, what do you want to know?" I asked, meeting her eyes again. "How old are you?" She asked curiously. "Same as just about everyone in my class." I said, "Nine." "You're just a baby." She smiled, "You look a lot younger." "I know." I said, my mood dropping as did my gaze. I blushed, sensitive about my height. I was sensitive about it because I knew the reason behind it. "I only meant," She said quickly, trying to make up for her comment, "That I thought you had maybe skipped ahead a grade." I sighed, shaking my head, "I'm not smart enough for that." "Oh." She said, seeming worried now, "Okay, well. Tell me about home." "No." I told her defensively, looking up again. She seemed slightly surprised at the finality of my tone. There was a quiet pause as we held each other's gaze. A solid wall of defense in my gaze until I realized that she'd meant no harm by that request. I was being rude, which I often did when someone asked about that part of my life. I looked back down, cursing quietly to myself, "Sorry. I just.." I trailed off, unsure of what excuse to give her. "It's okay." She said quietly, comfortingly, "I didn't mean to upset you." "I just.. Don't like that subject." I murmured, shaking my head gently, "Pick another." Luckily, the others seemed fine with Alice and I talking. They didn't bother interrupting us the entire hour we talked, letting Alice do all the interacting with me. We covered no part of what they'd been covering in class, and I was okay with that as well. I didn't mind so much just talking to her. Okay, so the color gold was proving to be a good one. I honestly still had no idea what to make of the way I recognized her, but I didn't want to ruin anything. Perhaps it was best to distance myself from that color. Just to be safe. A/N: Again with the A/N? Yes. So. There's the first chapter. I hope you enjoyed it (Again), and look forward to the second chapter. Be nice to me. These last few weeks haven't been kind to me.