here without telling him." It seemed like a reasonable request. "I think it'll be alright." He replied with a small smile, "I think he'll just be glad to know you're okay." I nodded a little, so he sighed, "Shall we?" "Leandra," Carlisle spoke, "A quick word?" "I'll be over here." The cop smiled a little and turned back for his car. Carlisle crouched in front of me as the cop walked away, but I looked down. "I know what you're gonna say." I kept my voice quiet, "Believe me, I get it, but.." I glanced over at the cop, "I have to do what I have to do." "I cannot comfortably allow this." He replied in his own quiet tone, "That degree of abuse-" "I'm sorry." I mumbled, "I never should have showed you, but I promise that doesn't happen again. Not even close." That seemed to help, "What I'm doing is my own choice. You tried. Everyone tried, but it's not enough to help with what I know." To his surprise, I put an end to the conversation by hugging him. As far as I knew, this would be the last I ever saw of him. It was better that way. It was a brief hug, lasting hardly long enough for him to return it before I turned away. I was going to let that be it, but I couldn't. "Shorty." Emmett came outside, and I looked over in surprise. Alice followed him out as well, and I really started to get nervous. Kneeling down in front of me, he spoke again, thankfully quieter, "Don't do this." "I know it's hard." I whispered, "But please don't ruin this. I can't get it wrong again." I hated to see the worry in his expression, "I'll be okay, I promise." "How can you possibly promise that?" He asked. "I've been okay this long, right?" I asked, and he gave me a flat look. "You are not okay." He reminded me, so I sighed. "You know what I mean." I argued, "From here on is just getting me to California. I'll stay for a day or two, and we'll come back, and you'll see." That helped quite a bit. I could tell, "I know what I gotta do. I just gotta stay on his good side 'til then. I know how to do that." "I'm going to hold you to that." He murmured hesitantly. "Go ahead." I replied, "Because it's true." He didn't like it, but I could see he wasn't going to blow it for me. "And when you get back," He said, "We're gonna talk about what you said earlier." I wasn't quite sure which subject he was referring to, but I nodded anyway. Anything to calm him down. With that, I turned away again. Before the cop could get too suspicious, I crossed the driveway, straight to the cop's car sitting there. I glanced back to see Emmett and Carlisle both stand back up, but that was as far as they moved. I climbed into the car willingly, watching as he closed the door gently behind me. I took a moment to just breathe while the cop had a few lighthearted words with Carlisle. Apologizing for the mix-up and whatnot. I tried my hardest not to start crying again as I looked out the window at them. This had to be so hard for them, taking the word of a nine-year-old they barely met, but it was very hard for me as well. Taking this path meant more than they understood, but even I was still trying to wrap my head around it. There was so much they just didn't know. "Don't follow me." I whispered quietly, but even as those words came free, I knew I would be followed. Especially as Emmett looked over at a very silent Alice standing there with her arms crossed. I closed my eyes, lightly thumping my head against the window. Letting a tear escape before quickly wiping it away with my palm. I turned away from the window then, just in case more followed. I left with that cop, despite all of them obviously being against it. They stuck to their side of the agreement, though. They didn't say a word about the bruises or what they knew to be true. Oddly, that relieved me. I was used to this, weirdly enough. On the outside, I forced my expression to be calm. Almost bored. On the inside, my heart pounded too fast and I felt like throwing up. My thoughts raged through my mind a thousand miles a minute. The entire drive home, I did inventory on the things I remembered, chewing a bit on my lip in my hidden anxiousness as I sorted through everything I remembered. It was hard. Making sure I was positive that this was the only way. Round and round in my head I went through possible solutions, but it always came back down to one not-so-simple conclusion. Even if I did get away from Jack, I would never be safe. I could never get back what I lost by waking up. I had to do this, and I had to do it right. Doing it right meant cutting every single tie I had before. It was best for everyone involved if I just kept his attention on me, and left it at that. That was a tough concept for me to grasp. A/N: First chapter down. I worked hard on this one, and I hope you guys enjoyed it. :) Chapter two won't be long out. It just needs a final go-over, and it'll be ready. I do have to say that this story takes a huge twist a bit later on that changes the rest of the series when we come to it. It's a twist I've considered many times in the past, but was always too chicken to take. I'm really hoping it goes well. Until then, my wonderful readers, enjoy the ride! (: