with the feeling that someone was calling me, but I honestly didn't think it was that important. To me, it was only my over-active imagination again, and though it confused me, it was a welcome change from the nightmares that plagued every sleeping moment of my life these days. Unless I was too tired for any dream to make it through, it was a pretty safe bet that I'd be waking up in tears for one reason or another. I felt so stupid, though. Despite how often I was reassured that it was in no way stupid. Here I was, two weeks into my eleventh year alive, and I was still afraid of the dark, and having nightmares that no longer mattered. I should have been passed this when I first left Jack a year and a half before, and all these nightmares did now was frustrate me. I was frustrated, angry at myself, because I still wasn't as strong as Heather was. I was still just as afraid of these dreams as I was when I was nine. I knew full well I had every right to be afraid of Jack now. That, to me, was understandable and I doubted that'd ever go away, but these dreams weren't real. They had been real, but they weren't real anymore. That was the frustrating part, because I couldn't get passed them. I knew things like this took time, as Heather told me several times, but I couldn't help getting angry at myself for it. Then, there was the dream. The residual memories of the vision that had been stuck since I had it. Up until several weeks ago, before all this started, I thought the only thing I was afraid of was Jack or Aro. It was this vision that taught me what my greatest fear was. More than Jack, more than Aro, I was afraid, so completely terrified of losing anyone I loved. Just the thought of it threatened to tear me down to sobs, but I couldn't exactly do that right now. I had worked with it enough by then to hold onto it until I was alone and could cry about it on my own. Just like what had happened the night before in the bathroom. It wasn't over. It was an ongoing thing, and I was pretty convinced at this point that it would continue to be an ongoing thing until I could feel confident that the path would change. I still wasn't convinced, even with the steps I'd taken. Fear made me run, but my love for my family that made me stay. I had to remember that, but it was so hard to when I wanted so bad to just go back. I didn't care if I'd learn to be human here anymore. I didn't want normal anymore. I didn't want whatever I'd wanted when I first came here. I wanted home. Of course, I didn't exactly want to tell them that. Not with what was keeping me here. Needless to say, I was torn. I'd made this choice for a reason. I'd come here in hopes of keeping them safe. In my own way, but I also wanted to go home. I knew that the only way for it to stop hurting so much was to get used to it here, and I was trying, determined to make it work, but I couldn't help feeling that by doing so, I was only hurting them. They seemed to be alright with the choice I'd made, even with how against it they seemed to be in the beginning, but that didn't ease me. I wasn't sure if they'd understand just how painful this was for me, and as easy as my life was now, it didn't make up for what they meant to me. Not in the least. Sighing, I shook my head and sat upright in my seat. Sleep was impossible with rampant thoughts that refused to allow it. This was home now. I needed to figure that out. This was where I had to be. "You okay?" Josh asked, looking over, "You're not getting sick again, are you?" That got Heather's attention, as she turned and looked back from the seat in front of me. "No." I replied honestly, "I'm okay. Just tired, I guess." "We'll stop in a little while." Heather assured me, and I nodded. I was okay with being patient. Watching Heather look over and say something to Mike about us getting restless back here, I had no choice but to admit, though. If I couldn't allow myself to be with my family, there were far worse places I could have exiled myself. "I know." Mike replied with a quiet chuckle, "Zack's been kicking my seat for the last twenty miles." A/N: There we have it, folks. The first brand new chapter. I realize the chapter is a little short, but it'll probably take me some time to work up to the 18k-20k word(s) chapters I'd been at before. Along the same lines, I know not a whole lot is happening in here, but I figured this was as good a place to start as any. Also along those same lines, I really hope this didn't bore anybody to tears. I wasn't originally going to post any of this, but I should have known I'd never be able to give up on her. She's pretty insistent. THANK YOU to those that gave me your opinions on the preview. :) I can't even begin to explain how much I missed reading your reviews and without them, I probably would have stayed against the idea of starting up again. THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU! I still have a bit of work to do on the rest of this story, but we'll figure it out together, shall we? Bear with me, people. It's harder than you might think putting all this together, but so worth it in the end. Until Two, my friends!