top on her third, "is how you could just leave like that. I never would have done that." Her eyes are fixed on a blonde who is fighting with a brunette in a gaudily-furnished McMansion. "Lee…" "I mean, your dad dies, you're traumatized, I get it. You took off and hung out with some cousin who wasn't me for a couple weeks. Whatever. I'm not judging you for how you grieve." "I wasn't trying to abandon you," Jake starts to say. "But you did," she says flatly. "Who cares if you didn't try to abandon me? You succeeded." "Leah, I freaked out and ran away for a couple weeks. I had a lot of shit going on." "You know I'm talking about the second time you did it," she says. "After you came back from wherever. You were here and we were starting to get it together, and then you disappeared again for nine months. No warning. God, Jake, where the hell were you?" "Honestly?" says Jake, tipping the last of his second into his mouth and reaching for his third. "I was in Ireland." "But...why?" "It's...complex," says Jake. "You won't even believe me." "Try me," she insists. "Leah, can we please not fight about this right now? I can't do this now. Please." Leah shuts up. She's good at shutting up. She's had a whole year to practice. She is starting to doze off in Uncle Bill's recliner when Jake leaps to his feet, charges over to the front door, and throws it open. Leah doesn't recognize the man on the doorstep, but Jake crushes the stranger into a bear hug and drags him inside. "Nahuel," he is saying, "You made it! How are you, man? God, I've missed the shit outta you." Leah rubs sleep from her eyes and peers at the stranger groggily. He's not from the Rez. Doesn't look Makah, either, but definitely a native of some stripe. He's close to Leah's height, of a slight build, with long black hair braided down his back. His eyes are the same shade of medium-brown as his skin, and fringed with thick black lashes on top and bottom. He smells like the outdoors. He is beautiful. And from the way Jake greeted him—that hug, that lingering grasp of the hand as he led Nahuel inside—Leah gets an unwelcome insight into just where Jake was for nine months and why he hasn't needed her the way she's needed him. Nahuel, whoever he is, is Jake's lighthouse at sea. After five seconds Leah can see that. They might be lovers or they might not; Leah never had a sense that Jake was gay, but it seems there's a lot about him she doesn't know these days. Whatever Nahuel is to Jake, they're close. This asshole, this nobody, he stole her cousin and left her more alone than alone. Leah hates him immediately. It's a funny feeling, that hate: it's the warmest thing she's felt all year. She almost doesn't recognize the sensation. "Nahuel and I met in Ireland," Jake is saying. "So you're still sticking with the Ireland story?" she says, more nastily than she means to. Nahuel looks at Leah keenly, his beautiful black-lashed eyes kind and deeply understanding, and she suddenly wants nothing more than to punch him in the throat. She is appalled by the force of her reaction, blindsided by unfamiliar and unquenchable wrath. "Leah," Jake says in shock, "I didn't…there's no story, I was really in Ireland." "Doing what?" says Leah, staring pointedly at Nahuel, who drops his eyes. "Taking care of some things." "What things?" "Leah, I can't really get into it—" "Good night," mutters Leah, and goes to bed, clenching her jaw against all the things she has a sudden urge to scream. All of the emotions she hasn't felt in a year are crowding into her heart like passengers into the last lifeboat on the Titanic, and she completely fails either to comprehend her own rage or to sleep it away. If you want to know more about what's going on and don't mind some spoilers for my other two stories set in this universe, Long Long Long and Living in the Sun, here's what you need to know: 1. To avoid promoting Meyer's offensive Quileute history, I changed the wolf pack to a small group of nomadic shape-shifters ranging from hundreds to thousands of years old, who happened to be living with the Quileutes and helped broker the treaty with the Cullens in the Thirties. Jake is the great-grandson of one of those wolves; Leah, unbeknownst to her, is a descendant of another. Sam, Jared, Embry, et al are not. For more on just how Meyer's version of wolfitude is racist and further details about what I changed, check out the A/N at the end of Chapter 8 of Living in the Sun . 2. James and Victoria murdered and drank several residents of La Push, including Emily and Claire Young, Sam Uley, Jared Cameron, and Billy Black. During this time, Jake encountered James. Proximity to the vampire forced the expression of Jake's latent werewolf gene. Soon he was welcomed into the aforementioned ancient nomadic wolf pack, who requested that the Cullens vacate the neighborhood temporarily for the safety of the local humans. Jake and his new wolf family followed the Cullens out of the country for several months, having only limited contact with his cousin Leah during this time, and telling her nothing of what had happened to him. 3. Jake imprinted on Nahuel. While my altered version of imprinting does not necessarily preclude romantic attachment, it also does not require it, and Jake and Nahuel are not dating. For more of my thoughts on imprinting and why I changed it, read the A/N to Living in the Sun Chapter 14. I hope that explains enough for this story to make sense even if you haven't been with me through Long Long Long and Living in the Sun . Enjoy!