a very long time since I'd felt this bad or this sick. I didn't know what I had, or what had caused it, but I just wanted whatever it was to end. Maybe it was a mix of things. Bad food, nerves, and once I'd started throwing up, dehydration? My lucky day. Punishment, perhaps, for doing what I'd done. I slept most of the night, but a few times, I did wake up to being checked on and especially when the IV was taken out of my arm. Just because I was so pleased to be able to roll over. I still felt like shit in the morning, but not near as bad as it had been getting the day before. I wasn't sure if I expected that IV to be filled with some magical healing fluid, but it surprised me to know I was still sick. "Your fever is down." Carlisle told me the second he sat on the side of the bed, "How are you feeling?" "Not so good." I muttered, letting my eyes close. "You need something on your stomach." He sighed and stood up, "I'll bring you some dry toast." "If it isn't the jail-bird." I groaned at Emmett's call from the doorway as soon as Carlisle left. I pulled my pillow over my head. "Emmett, I will set you on fire." "That seems a little dark for you." He chuckled. "Okay fine." I muttered, "I'll set fire to whoever told you." "Come on." I bounced a little as he sat heavily on the side of my bed, "It couldn't have been that bad in there. You had it easy, shorty." " Please leave me alone." I whimpered. "What's really bothering you?" "You!" I snapped. "Out with it, shorty." "She's angry at me." Jasper's voice from the doorway had me clutching the pillow tighter over my head. "It's not about that." I forced myself to sit up with a huff, "It's more about the fact that some lesson was more important to you than my safety." "You needed to learn." "You could have shown me another way." I countered weakly, "And that's another thing. Am I the only one still worried about Jack?" That seemed to surprise him, "He's still out there, and nobody even cares anymore." "That's not true." Jasper told me. "You know the second he comes back, it's going to be because he knows we're not defensive anymore. He knows that after enough time, we're going to get careless, and he's waiting for that day. "Jacob's still here, but that's only for Ness. Seth and Leah went home. The wolves stopped patrolling their side, Dess and Cole left with their coven long ago back to God knows where, and Eli hardly ever shows up around here anymore. Having too much fun in Denali with Tanya and her group. Eli doesn't even know where Jack went. Jack's right, Jasper." "You have to consider the idea that he's given up. I mean, nearly three years is a long time to keep something like this up. Even for him." "I'm never going to consider that." I countered, "And the fact that you believe that tells me you've gotten careless. That's comforting ." "Have some confidence in us, shorty." Emmett muttered. "How can I have confidence in you when you're obviously letting your guard down?" I asked in return, "I mean, really. Letting me sit in some jail cell with some drunk old guy next to me, telling me how pretty I was on my knees is more important than anything else. Do you even fucking care what that did to me?" "Leandra-" "Of course not!" I snapped, answering my own question, "As long as I learned something. I'll tell you what I learned. I learned that I can't fucking trust you to help me out when I need it! If I can't count on your help for that , how can I trust you'll even bother to help me with Jack? I know what I did was bad, but was it really bad enough to teach me that ?" Emmett spoke up, "Holy crap-" "Now if you wouldn't fucking mind, I'd like to be left alone!" Getting this mad was making my nausea even worse. My heart pounded, my head protesting at the raise of my blood pressure. Jasper took a step, "Calm-" "Don't you , of all people, tell me to calm down!" I shouted, "I don't want to calm down! I just want to be left alone! I don't think that's too much to ask!" They both hesitated, " Please !" Emmett looked to Jasper, who nodded, before standing. The second they were out of the room, I stood up, crossed the room, and slammed the door shut behind them. Throwing the lock, and using the left over anger to drag the dresser in front of the door. I wasn't opening the door for anyone. I knew if they really had to get in, they could, but I doubted they'd even try for awhile. I dizzily made my way back toward my bed, and immediately had to throw up. Kneeling on the floor to throw up was more comfortable than hanging off the bed anyway. I'd just crawled up onto the bed when a knock came to the door. I ignored whoever it was, closing my eyes. Falling asleep instantly. A/N: There you have it, friends. Chapter one, and already throwing fits and drama in there. Small spoiler alert: That only gets worse. :) I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. :D I'm fairly certain chapter two won't be too far behind this one, but I'd give it a couple of days. Just in case. THANK YOU! For my AMAZING reviews of last chapter! It really made me feel good to read those. :} I think I cried a little. No joke. Anyhoo. I'll be working on getting two out to you ASAP. Until two, my friends. :)