to the side and wandered to the couch. It was nice to walk, but it sure took a lot out of me sometimes. As soon as I laid down on the couch, though, I closed my eyes and was out cold. It felt too good to rest my eyes after waking up the way I did that morning. I startled awake, though. Disoriented, I looked around the empty living room, searching for what had woken me up just as I heard the front door open. I instantly sighed, rubbing the sleep from my eyes as I realized the sound of a car door was probably what woke me up. "Hi, honey." It was Heather, tossing her keys on the table just beside the door with a sigh. "Hey." I greeted in reply, looking over, "I thought you were working until six?" "Laura is covering my last hour." She answered, coming in to sit next to me. I glanced at the clock in surprise. I'd been asleep for two and a half hours. That was a surprise to me, but she continued, "I think she could sense that I was three seconds away from strangling Beth." "Hospital is the perfect place to do it." I muttered, sleepily staring at the coffee table in front of me. She laughed a little, but the sound was tired, "Long day?" "Long week." She laughed again with a quiet sigh. "You've gotta stop covering for everyone." I pointed out, "It's running you down." "Don't you worry." She patted my leg lightly, "I have tomorrow and Sunday off. I intend to take full advantage of that." I laughed a little this time, nodding. I was happy to hear that, "I'm shutting off my phone, and if anyone comes to the door, tell them I'm in Texas." "You got it." I smiled with a nod. "How was school?" She asked, and I shrugged. "Long." I answered, "Boring. I talked to Andrew, though." That seemed to surprise her, "Good. I'm so glad to hear that." "Yeah." I sighed, "I figured I should." "You've seemed so down a lot lately." She pointed out, "I've been worried." "I know." I admitted, "I didn't mean to worry you, but I'm working on it." "Honey, you know if you need to talk, I'm always listening." She said, "I wish you would talk to me." "I know." I admitted again, "I will. I just.. I have to figure some stuff out on my own first." "Fair enough." She nodded, "I get it, honey. I do. You're at a pretty confusing age, and I understand more than you think. It can't be easy for you." "I'll be okay." I assured her, despite how I wasn't too sure of that myself, "I always am." "I hope so." She murmured, reaching over and hugging me into her side. Oddly enough, the tone she used made me want to cry. Maybe because I hated making her worry about me, but coming to her with the truth was too hard, so there wasn't much I could do until I figured out how to. Unfortunately, I couldn't help the few silent sobs that escaped, alerting her to my emotional state. She looked over, "Oh, honey. What's wrong? I didn't mean to make you cry." "I'll be fine in a minute." I blubbered, fiercely wiping my eyes. I just needed a minute. "Sweetheart." She laughed a little, hugging me again, "I'm sorry." She hugged me for the few minutes it took for me to compose myself before she spoke again, "Come on. You can help me with dinner." I nodded. That sounded good to me. Mike and Hunter got home just before Josh did. I focused on keeping Hunter out from under foot while Josh kept me company at the kitchen table. Hunter seemed more than happy to stay seated on my lap, content with the pen and pad of paper in front of him. It was moments like this that I highly appreciated small talk. Especially the positive small talk Josh kept me occupied with. Heather now and then adding something in. Mike was off in the other room, working on some paper work until dinner was finished, but that was normal. Zack came swinging in the front door just in time, maybe ten minutes before dinner was ready. Thankfully, it was just him. Andrew's dad must have wanted him home for dinner. As distracted as I always was these days, I lived for this. For now, things could still be normal. I lived for normal. Light-hearted, when everyone was together under the same roof. When the kitchen got too crowded, the back door was opened to let a breeze into the adjacent dining area. A simple fix for an issue that nobody minded. I helped clean up after dinner since Heather did most of the work and I figured she deserved some time with Mike. Josh helped me while Zack kept Hunter busy in the fading evening light out in the backyard. As crappy as the day had started, it was ending on a very positive note. Josh and I sat out back while Zack volunteered to get Hunter ready for bed. Listening to the evening insects making noise in the trees around the backyard, it was nice to just sit there. It gave me plenty of time to think about one of the more pressing issues. Ignoring Josh's worried glances in the silence. A/N: There we have it. First chapter in. :) I think I got most everything in that I needed to get in. I hope it was worth the read. Short A/N this time. Hopefully I'll have more to say at the end of chapter two. ;) I have a lot planned for this story, my friends. It's up to me to sort it all out. Chapter two shouldn't take very long to come out. I'm hoping, anyway, but getting this chapter out is a step in a productive direction. :D Until Two, my friends!