had the strongest feeling that Hunter would wind up with them. At some point, some point soon, he'd go to them. It comforted me, and bothered me at the same time. "Even fuller than us?" I asked Mike, joking in return. Surprising myself as I felt like joking. He smirked. Josh moved to my side, facing his mom now as she held onto the baby. I glanced over at him, offering a hesitant smile, which he returned. "I.. Well.. That's different." Mike laughed, knowing he was caught. "We're outta room." I told him incredulously, "And I'm not giving up my room for him." "We do have that extra room, Mike." Heather smiled over at him, "We can make it work. Somehow. Look at this face." "No." He drew out the word, more in a whine than firm statement, "Oh, come on." Heather handed Hunter to him, and at first, he blatantly refused to look at him. Jokingly, but I could sense his hesitation. After all, Hunter wasn't his son, but if Heather had her way, he would be close enough to it soon. Just like I used to do, Mike turned his head the opposite direction, so it was no surprise that Hunter would find that funny. He gave a laugh, a little grin, and Mike's sigh was one of resignation. "We'll discuss it." Mike finally said, supporting Hunter more securely, "This isn't like getting a puppy, you know." Hunter squirmed in his arms, and I knew why. "We're getting a puppy?" Zack piped up, suddenly excited. I found that very amusing, actually laughing. Hunter whimpered, and I laughed as Mike had to readjust him as he wriggled in his arms. "If your mother has her way, you'll be getting a brother." Mike muttered, studying Hunter closely, "Wouldn't that be fun?" "Hell yes it would." Josh spoke up, looking up at him, "Come on, dad. Let's keep him." "Watch your mouth." Mike told him, "And it's not definite yet." Yes it was. I knew it was. With Josh excited about it, it seemed to allow Zack to get excited about it, and he agreed now with Josh. Mike was outvoted. By quite a bit. "We'll still get a puppy, right?" Zack asked, grinning at me. He knew he was annoying his parents, which we both found very amusing. "See what you've started?" Mike asked me with a chuckle, to which I had to laugh, "I go from dad of two, to dad of three with a dog all in the course of a few minutes. Sheesh." "His favorite color is green." I told Heather, in a joking attempt to be subtle. She laughed as Mike pointed to me in a playful scold. "You're not helping, Missy." He chuckled, and I smiled innocently at him, "What is this kid's problem?" "He wants down." I told him, "He likes to walk." "Oh, already walking?" Mike chuckled, "Good. Then he can get a job." Heather smacked his arm playfully, and I watched as she took Hunter from him gently. "Leandra?" I looked back at Esme's voice coming over. She gave me a smile, "How are you doing over here?" "Fine." I told her truthfully, and she greeted Heather and Mike with a smile as she came to my side. "I'd keep tabs on this little guy." Mike sighed to Esme, "Heather may try to steal him." This was going much better than I thought it would. Heather seemed only too excited to hold Hunter in her arms, and he definitely seemed to like her. He even forgot all about wanting to waddle around. I wondered if he saw the resemblance between Heather and Jack, and if he liked her because of that. He was usually okay with strangers, not that he'd been around many of them in the few weeks he'd been here, but he usually didn't do this well. I knew I'd just found him his new home, and who better for him to go with? A nice, normal human family with two brothers to teach him things. A good mom, and a kind dad, he'd do well there. I knew Heather would do anything for her sons to be raised right, and Hunter would be no different. The look in Heather's eyes as she murmured to him only solidified that knowledge. I looked up at Esme, just to see if she saw what I saw, and given her slight knowing smile at me during a pause in the conversation with Mike, I knew she did. It wasn't just wanting him out of the house now. I was actually wanting to do something nice for Hunter. Considering it was my fault he was parentless now. Jack was still out there somewhere, but nowhere near father material. Not that he ever had been. Mom was gone, and that was my fault. And the sooner we got him out, and into Heather's family, the better for him. They had never seen him before, probably for just this reason. Mike was worried about Heather's instant attachment to him. Hunter was family to her. Her one and only blood-related nephew. Her brother's son. She'd get her way. In a weird way, she was family to me now too. She had been before, Jack having been my stepfather, but Hunter's birth, my half-brother, sort of connected her to me now too. It was odd to think about. Even if it was just me considering it. A/N: Okay. First chapter out of the way. I know it seems like an odd place to end this, but I've got chapter two waiting for another go-over and editing before I can throw it out there too. As always, I want to say THANK YOU to all those that reviewed the final chapter of last story, and hope this made up for the long wait lol Chapter two is really where it starts getting interesting, but I promise that one isn't far off. Not at all. Until two, my friends. :D