left the room. I wouldn't let them see me cry anymore. Despite the way it was killing me inside. Making it into my room just in time, the door closed behind me and I just lost it. Bursting into silent tears. Shaking with the effort to keep them that way. No doubt they all could hear me crying anyway, and Jasper could feel it, but he never mentioned it. Which was how I preferred it. The day after Christmas, I was sitting almost numbly on the couch, just clinging to whatever strength I had left. Sitting with my legs curled up to my chest, like I always used to. "You can still change your mind, Leandra." I glanced up at Carlisle's voice beside me, before looking back down. "I know." I murmured, "But I won't." "Why not?" He finally asked, and I realized nobody had asked me that yet, "Why wouldn't you want to do everything possible to stay? Especially if the thought of leaving is making you this miserable?" I looked down, thinking hard about how to word my answer. "Have you ever been in a situation where no matter what, it hurts?" I asked, looking back up and watching as he sat in the chair beside the couch, "Where no matter what direction you go, you hurt someone?" He gave a slow nod, and I continued. "That's what this is." I said, "There is a way out. Something I can do that would let me stay out of Aro's hands, without putting you all in his sights." He waited, "But I'm not going to take that way out, because it would hurt you and the family the most. It would be very selfish of me to take that route, no matter how much I want to." I paused, letting my legs drop. "As much as it kills me, tears me up inside, I have to go." I murmured, "It's not that I want to go, Carlisle. I swear, that's the opposite of what I want, but the alternative is something I can't live with." I shrugged a little, looking back down, "Maybe in a way, this is selfish too, but this is a selfish I can live with. I just have to remember the way it hurts to lose everyone I care about, otherwise I would choose to stay in a heartbeat." That was the first time I'd openly said it. The reason why I chose to do this. If they were to resist, in any way, no matter how hard they tried, they didn't make it. The absolute only way I could get away with not being taken by Aro, would be to have Mikah take me, but I wouldn't do that. Because it would force the family into hiding. They deserved freedom. Even when I couldn't have it. I spent most of the evening explaining. Thoroughly explaining every scenario that had been considered. The outcomes of each being maybe two or three of our family, at most, surviving the fight that resulted from resistance, but that was it. For the first time, they finally understood where I was coming from. There was only one way. The day dawned snowy and very cold. Sadness and grief squeezed my stomach throughout the morning, making it impossible to eat anything. It was all I could do to keep from crying hysterically and begging them not to let me go. I knew I had to, though. I had to go. The future I faced was so much bigger than I could handle, and I also knew that, but I wouldn't tell anyone. From the instructions given, I was to be escorted by Mikah. No one else, as to prevent any sort of tension. My family was to stay here, and they weren't to follow. I wasn't allowed to take any belongings with me. Everything would be provided for me there. The instructions were very clear, and very straightforward. I'd have to leave them, and everything I knew behind. A quarter to eleven, Mikah waited for me by the door, his hands clasped in front of him. His expression and posture giving away how he felt. He didn't like this any more than I did, and he hated it just as much. I took comfort in the fact, though, that he'd be with me. However little comfort that provided, it was the only way I would ever, ever be able to make myself leave. Needless to say, a solution hadn't been reached, and my time there was up. Outside, snow fell heavily. Covering the trees and the yard in a thick blanket of snow that seemed to reflect how I felt. This was going to be impossible, I realized, but I would have to do it. The room was dead silent around me, and I struggled to keep a hold of myself, until I looked up. I looked around me at my family. Bella and Edward had come by especially early this morning. Ness, Jake and Seth standing off to the side. They all knew what was going on. I hugged them first, long before now. Giving them my goodbyes. Now, it was the rest of the family's turn. "I know I'll see you guys again." I offered in a choked voice, "It's not.." I had to pause, taking a breath around the lump of emotion in my throat, "It's not forever. I just don't know when." This was going to be hard. I had a little under an hour to get there, so I had to hurry this up. And say my goodbyes. A/N: First chapter in. I know not a lot happens, but nothing ever does in the first chapter. :) I hope you enjoyed the first chapter, and I so look forward to reading your opinions on it. Chapter two will be along after I can work on it. Sleep deprivation isn't something I can really concentrate through, but I managed to on this chapter. Off to sleep!