truly. I'll be a good friend to you. Promise. You'll see. I swear, I'll just lock this up. It's going to be fine." Who is he trying to convince at this point? And he's going to lock it up? Really? Lock it up? With a little laugh, I grin and shake my head. "Oh, Em. I love you, too. I'm in love with you, too. I always have been. Always." Emmett's back on the floor faster than I can believe. Just sitting there staring at me. His pretty eyes are bouncing between my eyes and my hands. I'm guessing he wants to hold hands, so when I put my hands palm up on my knees his hands shoot out like lightning. And the only sound that's left in the house is his shaky exhale. "Can we be together? Can we try to be together?" He sounds desperate, like he doesn't have any hope left. It's sad, but sweet too. It's sweet that he's not assuming. "We are. We're together. Starting now. Okay? Is that okay?" I can feel myself unraveling. I'm going to start crying again, I just know it. "Oh, my God, Rosie. Of course it's okay. Yes, we're together. Starting now. You're mine, I'm yours. I swear I'll be so good to you, Rose. I'll be everything for you, anything you need. I'll be it." Emmett's always been a bit of a rambler, but this sort of rambling is what I can get on board with. I don't want to get smug, but I'm feeling pretty boss right now. Hot guy at my feet, obviously hopelessly in love with me, begging to fulfill my every want and need. Yep, this is what winning feels like. "Rosie, I've never been in a real relationship. I mean, I know you know that, but I need to make sure you know it. I'm going to mess up. I guess I sort of already have. Nothing matters to me like you do, though. You're my best friend, you know?" "You're my best friend, too. We'll learn how to be together. We'll figure it out together. But it starts with you getting up off the floor. This is a good look for you, don't get me wrong. I love seeing you on your knees." It takes a half a beat for me to realize the double entendre. "I didn't mean it like that." I'm a beet. I don't normally blush, but I'm sweating from the heat of my blush. As my verbal blather continues, he rises back off the floor and onto the wobbly chair again. "Whatever, you know what I meant. And that's another thing, there's going to be plenty of times when, well when, um. Emmett did you know that I've never been with anyone?" There, that went well. So smooth, Rosalie. "Yeah, I know you've never been serious, but you've dated and stuff. But like you said, we'll learn together." There's the dimples that I adore. So precious, so devious. I'm not sure if he's playing coy, or if he is, in fact, unaware of my lack of experience. "Right, I've dated." Clipped and to the point. Yes, it's a fact. I have dated. "Emmett, I'm trying to tell you, well, I'm trying to say...um. Wow, this is so embarrassing. No, scratch that. Not embarrassing, it's difficult to say." He's clueless. Definitely not playing coy. He's worried and starting to look more and more nervous. I'm not a rambler, so I can see why he would start freaking out. "I'm a virgin." There, done. "All right," Emmett's a little lost for words, I'm guessing. I wouldn't be the least bit surprised if there were actual crickets at any moment. Finally he shifts in the creaky chair, clears his throat. "We should go back upstairs." My eyes are saucers. Big blue saucers. Is he propositioning me? "For fuck sake, Rosie. To talk! Don't look at me like I'm some creeper. I'm going to be your lover someday, but I'm not trying to defile you. Fuck. We need to talk, set ground rules, boundaries and shit. Shit. I could live forever without having you look at me like that again." His little rant started out pretty terse, but there at the end he sounds like he's holding in a laugh. So when I giggle, he does too. Cute. Cute and mine. "Come on, Casanova, let's go snuggle and make rules." He leads me up the stairs holding hands. Almost at the top I say, "Rule number one, no more calling me Rosie. Where did that come from?" It only takes us a couple weeks for Emmett to become my lover. That first time, in my bed with him over me and pushing inside me, he is so gentle, but so big and strong at the same time. Seeing him look vulnerable as he becomes my one and only lover is the best moment. Ever. I won't ever forget that look. Or the sounds. Yeah, Emmett's kind of a sex god. And by kind of, I mean he is one. The past few months have been one long learning experience. Learning how to be in a relationship, how to be a lover in bed and out of bed. We've made rules, we've followed rules, and we've broken rules too. And as it turns out, rule number one got nixed pretty quick. It's what he says. What he calls me. When your best friend, your everything, says your name that way, guttural and raspy, full of love and want, you let him say it any way he wants. When he's loving me, I'm his Rosie. A/N: Thank you so much for reading my little story. This was my first contest entry; what a crazy, scary, fun experience. My deepest gratitude to Feisty Y. Beden and Naelany for beta reading and editing. I appreciate you both so very much for helping me. To read all the entries and congratulate the winners, please go to /u/4984599