talking about," I said. Billy's eyes widened. "Billy, come on. I've been with Edward for over a year. Do you really think I don't know...everything you know?" Billy shrugged. "I hoped," he said. "I hoped you didn't know, because if you do know and you're still choosing to align yourself with them—" "I think you're wrong about them," I interrupted firmly. "I mean, how would you even know? They don't go onto the reservation, do they?" Billy scowled, an unusual sight in his usually cheerful face. He was clearly in a bad mood tonight. I just hoped he wouldn't decide it was his place to warn my dad that his daughter's polite, chivalrous boyfriend was also a blood-sucking nightmare creature. "Just be careful," he said. "Charlie's my oldest friend, and I know you may not believe this but I do care about what happens to him and his kin. I won't say anything about it to him—yet. But please watch out, will you?" "I don't know what you would say, even if you wanted to," I said carefully, looking him dead in the eyes. "Charlie likes Edward." Okay, he tolerated Edward. He'd liked him more before he started dating me. "He may like Edward, but that's only because he doesn't know Edward," said Billy. I sucked in my breath, surprised that he'd actually come right out and said something openly for once. "Billy," I said, going for broke, "I know about the treaty." It was his turn to look surprised. "They haven't broken it, have they? The treaty just says they have to stay away from the tribe, and they can't—" my voice dropped to a whisper"— bite anyone . And I've been with Edward this long and nothing has happened. I'm over there all the time and it's always been fine." I curled my pinky finger under guiltily as I said this. "Don't you think it's time to start believing them when they say they're not like the others? This is getting ridiculous." Billy sighed and seemed about to speak when the front door opened again and Charlie walked in. "Look who I found half-submerged out there," he said jocularly. Jacob peered out from behind my dad and waved ironically. The whole top of his t-shirt was soaked, and it stuck to his bony shoulders. "I can't find it, Dad," he said. "Where'd you say it was?" "Aw, shoot, son," said Billy in what I knew to be a falsely cheerful voice, "I had it here in my pocket. I'm sorry! Here, Charlie, I brought you some of Harry's fish-fry. You hungry for dinner?" He held out a large brown paper bag, full of something that left grease spots all down the sides. "Hell yeah," said Charlie. "Here, I'll put some potatoes on." With one last sorrowful look in my direction, Billy wheeled after my father into the kitchen. I turned to Jake. He was starting to shiver with cold, although he was also trying not to show it. There were little glassy beads of rain dusting the top of his head. His long hair stuck to his face. He looked like a drowned kitten. It smote my heart something fierce. "Come on," I said firmly, taking him by the hand and leading him to the stairs. "Let's get you something dry to wear." "Oh, thank god," he said. "I'm cold enough to piss vinegar." I snorted with laughter and brought him into my room, leaving the door open behind us. I began going through my drawers, looking for a t-shirt that would fit him and wouldn't look too girly. I finally spotted one I'd slept in only a few times and turned to toss it to him. Then I blushed red as wine, because he'd taken off his shirt while I was looking for clothes and was now standing very wetly in just his shorts in the middle of my bedroom. Jacob didn't seem to notice, though; he just grabbed the shirt out of midair and pulled it over his head. "Thanks," he said gratefully. "Stupid Forks. It was so nice yesterday. How was I supposed to know it would turn into this in one day?" "You should have learned that by now," I said. "Maybe it affects you more because you're all skin and bones, ever think of that?" I nudged him playfully in the ribs. "You're one to talk," he said, nudging me back. "Come on, let's go fatten up. I smell fish fry." Like Long Long Long , this story is an attempt to resolve my feelings about the Twilight series and the powerful draw it has on my imagination. Where that story addressed mostly characterization, this story will address mostly content: the plots of New Moon, Eclipse and Breaking Dawn will be reworked and at times rewritten to better reflect what I feel are important qualities for a fantasy novel. This means I will be focusing on continuity, plausibility, pacing, and complexity. If the end result is a story that is both entertaining and internally consistent, I will consider this experiment a success. If I can also manage to retroactively correct the uncontrolled racism, sexism, classism, ageism and general sense of entitlement and privilege of the original series, I will be very well pleased. When necessary, I will explain major changes in A/Ns to follow each chapter. They will be bolded to make them easier to skip, for those who wish to read this as a straightforward fanfiction. I welcome your reviews and commentary, but I would ask that you keep in mind that my disdain for Smeyer's craft is not indicative of my feelings about the people who love her books. Serious and uncompromising critique of Smeyer's writing is not an attack on her fans. If you are a hardcore Twilight enthusiast, I hope you will still find this story rewarding. If you are, like me, a spiteful malcontent who would quibble with God himself, then Hey! You've come to the right place.