small group of people arrived with one more wolf - that meant Emmett only had one left to protect him while he went wherever he was going next, which made me absolutely terrified. I couldn't take it. My anxiety over my brother's absence was reaching an all-time high and I just needed to take a breather. So as a way of still keep my promise, I went to my secret exit to just sit there and look out to the forest, wishing I could run through the tress as I had so often in the past. "I may be wrong…but I think this sort of thing is forbidden," a voice I didn't recognize said from behind me. I turned quickly and my breath caught. "Uh…I…" I couldn't even find my words. Staring back at me, with the most beautiful wily smirk I had ever seen, was a man; a beautiful stranger who looked more like a hero from a classic novel than a modern guy who had just arrived from a merciless outside world. I knew every one of the five hundred people in the village, and I had never seen this man before so he had to have come with one of the groups Emmett had sent back. Strangely, knowing he had been with my brother recently just made me feel connected to him, almost like my brother sent him into my life for a reason. "I mean, I'm new here and all, but I've heard around that it's against the 'law' to leave the village without permission, and well…this pretty much looks like a prison break," the man said to me lightly. The cadence of his voice, even while being cocky, was unlike anything I had ever heard before. It was velvety and innocent, but very masculine and worldly at the same time. He was definitely an anomaly, and I found myself completely lost in his golden brown eyes as I eagerly waited to hear anything else he had to say. "Are you ok?" he asked when I didn't respond to whatever he was saying. He probably thought I was mentally unstable…maybe he was right - I should probably go see the village doctor. "Uh…yeah, I'm fine," I finally managed to say. "I'm just not supposed to be here so I guess I'm a little nervous you're going to tell someone." He smiled crookedly. "Don't worry about it. I'm not exactly one for rules and conformity anyway." I laughed once. "Well, being here may be quite an adjustment for you then." He shrugged. "I doubt I'll stay long….What's with the whole guard dog thing here anyway?" "Oh, the shape shifters? They protect us from vampires…not that there are ever any here." He looked slightly troubled. "They can kill vampires? How do they spot one?" "They can smell them, especially while in wolf form. But vampires are pretty easy to spot for anyone," I told him. "I mean, besides the red eyes, they are vicious monsters who can't control themselves when humans are around." He laughed again. "And how many vampires have you ever seen?" I bit my bottom lip and folded my arms. I had teased Jacob about never actually seeing a vampire before, and there I was being teased as well. "I've lived within the safety of the wall most of my life," I admitted. "But the schools teach the kids all about them, and the elders make sure everyone knows everything we should." "I see," he replied with a grin that made my heart palpitate. "And how many vampires have you ever seen?" I asked, refusing to allow the curious way my body was reacting to the beautiful stranger side track my current train of thought. "Enough," he said vaguely. "How are you still alive if you've been around vampires?" I questioned. Vampires were merciless; there was no way he'd live through crossing paths with one so I highly doubted he ever really saw one either. "It's kind of a long story," he said dismissively. A gust of wind suddenly came up, blowing his wild bronze colored hair all over the place, and he abruptly became anxious. "What's wrong?" I asked him. "Nothing," he said quietly. He stayed still as if he was listening for something, so I did the same but heard absolutely nothing. "So…you must have seen my brother recently," I said, hoping for any peace of mind I could find about Em. "Your brother?" he asked confused as he continued to listen to the phantom noises in the distance. "Emmett. He was the one who found you and sent you here," I explained, assuming he'd understand. "Oh…Emmett, right. Yeah, he's fine," he said vacantly. He looked past me so I turned around to see what he was looking at, and that was when I heard footsteps coming quickly towards us. "Bella!" someone called, and then Jacob came into view. "There you are, thank god," he said relieved. "What's going on?" I asked concerned. Jacob suddenly became very still, much like the stranger had done, and then he almost looked like he was sniffing the air. "We need to get you home." "Why?" I asked, but without answering me he grabbed my arm and tried to forcefully pull me away. "What are you doing?" I asked angrily and then turned back to the guy I had been speaking to…but he was gone. It was like he just disappeared. "Bella, there's a vampire!" Jacob shouted at me. "What?" I nearly screamed back. "Here?" "YES!" he yelled, and then continued to tug me towards my home. "How? Did it follow the last group of people in?" I asked in a panic, wondering what happened to my friend whose name I never learned. He was new, he wouldn't know where to go for protection…. Where were we supposed to go? "No, the wolves said they weren't followed, but a vamp's definitely been here. It's stench is all over the town." "Oh my god," I whispered to myself.