him. I watched him sit her down on the couch, handing her one of her stuffed animals before he turned. Leandra's eyes were large as she looked to us, as if knowing what was coming. That should have been my first clue. That should have been what told me things weren't working anymore. Leandra had taken notice. "Gina, I'm tired of this." He finally said, "I'm tired of this. The moment I come through that door, it's all about things I haven't done, or need to do. Things I haven't gotten to yet! Just get off my back, for Christ's sake!" "If you were home more often, things wouldn't be that way! You have plenty of free time to spend around the house with me, but you choose to leave! When else am I supposed to bring this up, Chris? You never listen when I do see you!" "I never listen because you choose to spend any time I do have here demanding things get done!" "If you'd stay home with her more often-" "So now you're angry with me because I like to spend time with my daughter?" He barked, "Really, Gina?" "I'm not angry at that!" I groaned, "I just want some-" "Want! Want, want, want! That's all you ever do!" He ran his hands through his hair, "You want more than Leandra does! Grow up, Gina!" I refused to say another word. My gaze darkening significantly. We looked at each other for several moments. Slowly, his eyes grew less angry, and they grew more sad. He'd crossed the line right then, and we both knew it. Never once were either of us supposed to bring Leandra into our arguments, and he'd just done that. He hadn't meant to do that, and I knew it, but I wouldn't stand for that. She deserved better than that. He was realizing, as I already had, things just weren't the same. I watched, my heart breaking as he sighed, looked down, and turned. Leaving the house. I watched him go, not saying a word. The door closed, the car engine started and faded away. I had yet to move. "Mama?" Her unsure little voice called to me, and I finally got moving. I crossed the living area, and lifted her to me. I kissed the side of her head, sniffling quietly. Closing my eyes, and struggling to hold onto my tears. I held her that way, holding her in my arms for quite some time. "I'm sorry, baby." I told her. That was all I could do. "What's wrong, mama?" She whimpered, picking up on my mood. It nearly broke me right there. Here she was, two years and two months old, and probably having just witnessed the last step before her mother and father gave up on each other. She didn't need this. I was never going to have her know what this was like. I was going to protect her from the arguments, the fights. "Nothing." I replied to her, looking to her, "It's okay now." To be honest, I didn't know what to do. Watching Chris walk away had hurt me, and the only thing it told me was that he was as done trying as I was. So I did the only thing I could think of. I packed Leandra into my car, and we left. Just to go somewhere. Anywhere but that empty house. Her big, curious eyes looking at me from the backseat made me think, and think hard about what I was doing. What was I even going to do? I was either already completely on my own, or headed there fast. With a two year old to take care of, that thought was terrifying. On top of the pain of what Chris' actions had told me. Leandra shouldn't have to be this confused. She shouldn't have to worry about this. This was what I wanted to avoid. She deserved stability, and she deserved to have two parents that got along. Not ones that fought all the time. Over the stupidest things. How a question about what to do about our life leads to this. I took her to a place in town where we could eat a small late lunch, and I could just think. She didn't seem worried anymore. I was with her, watching her choose the perfect french fry to eat next. It was clear to me that I'd have to get a job again. That was the first step, but I honestly didn't know what I was supposed to do in the meantime. Would Chris wait until I was situated before leaving? Would he leave, and insist on taking Leandra with him because I couldn't provide for her yet? That couldn't happen. I just didn't know. That was the hardest part. I didn't know him anymore, and that was behind all of this uncertainty. What would he do? Take her to get back at me for making an effort? I needed a miracle and quickly. A way forward. A way through this blinding fear. After we were done eating, I watched her play in the small park across the street with a few other babies her age. A couple of boys, one a little older than her. It was easy to keep track of her now that she'd found a few other toddlers to toddle after. My eyes never left her as I thought about the consequences of what I was considering. A/N: First chapter down. This one was hardest, I think. I had a whole lot of information to pack in here. As a side note: I really think I just talked myself out of having kids with this single chapter. Like.. Ever. I hope you enjoyed this first chapter. If so, feel free to let me know in the review box below. I'd love to know if I should continue or not. :) Two shouldn't take very long, as it's already written out. Until two, my friends! :D