their progress. She sighs once more as she places the last failed test in the pile. "What's eating you up cupcake?" Alice strolls into her room unannounced for the forth consecutive day that week; the two well on their way to becoming good friends. "This curriculum," the brunette explains with a touch of exasperation in her tone. "It's too much. They're only six years old, seven at best, and we're already beginning to shove tests down their throats. I don't want my classroom to be a place that my students dread coming to. Nessie doesn't want to come to school tomorrow because she thinks she'll disappoint me if she doesn't do well on the test." "Will she?" Isabella frowns. "Oh course not. But there has to be a better way to fit the curriculum in a more interesting productive way." Alice hums in agreement as she leans against the corner of the other teacher's desk. "Fortunately my job is easy. I just teach kids how to finger paint and make clay structures from time to time. I agree though, you guys have it hard." They settle into a comfortable silence while the young mother mulls an idea around. "What if I just don't give out the test tomorrow?" She decided to voice it aloud. "Are you trying to get fired?" Alice deadpans. "You've only been here for a week Swan but I would be lying if I said I didn't like you. If you're replaced with some crusty old hag I will find out where you live and will not let you hear the last of it." The young mother allows herself to laugh at Alice's attempt of a threat. She could only imagine the barely five foot woman ranting and raving at her doorstep. "Do you actually think I would be fired or would it just be a little slap on the wrist?" "Are you seriously considering this?" "Yes." Alice sighs and pinches the bridge of her nose. "If we were at a typical school with a typical principal they may be willing to hear you out and allow you to pilot your own course. Unfortunately for you, this is neither one of those cases. We have become one of the top performing schools in the state since the arrival of the Ice Queen. And just to reiterate one more time, she does not take well to criticism." "So," Isabella drawls. "So im not saying it's a definite but it's very high up on the list of possibilities." The first grade teacher leans back in the chair with a sharp inhale. "Don't tell me you're still considering it." Her door flies open for the second time this lunch period. Isabella briefly wonders if door abuse is a thing. "Still considering what?" Eric asks with a mouthful of, presumably, some fruit of some kind. "Nothing," both Isabella and Alice answer at the same time. Eric eyes them both suspiciously for a while before shrugging it off. "Anyway Isabella I actually have a question for you. Every Wednesday there's this teacher meeting we have during lunch and recess. One teacher is elected from each grade or related arts and represents their section. I was elected at the end of last year but Angela is whining that I do too much, and sorry im rambling. I just wanted to know if you would like to my position this year?" Isabella worries her bottom lip in thought. "Im not sure if I'm qualified I've only been here one day shy of a week." "And is already on her way to get fired," Alice mutters not so quietly under her breath. "All you have to do is sit and listen, it's super easy I promise." He clasps his hands under his chin and does his best to give her the best puppy dog eyes he can muster. "You're my last hope." She breathes heavily through her nose. Puppy dog eyes had always been her weakness, one that Nessie knew how to exploit well. "Ok I'll do it." Eric leaps comically into the air with fist bump. "Thanks Isabella, I'll make it up to you. Just name your price." He scrunches his features with an afterthought. "Within reason of course. We're teachers not millionaires." "That won't be necessary," she laughs. "Oh yes it will," Alice chimes with a playful roll of her eyes. "Jasper tries to make them interesting but it's the most boring hour you'll ever have the displeasure of sitting through. But you'll have me there to entertain you." She shrugs, a shy smile gracing her face. "If im not too distracted ogling at Mr. Whitlock that is." Isabella playfully swats at the other woman's leg. "Try not to turn my room into a swimming pool, Alice." Hi. So my laptop died a few months ago completely destroying the remaining chapters of MC along with a monstrously long one-shot I had completed. I was very /not/ happy to put it lightly. So I started writing this off and on in my free time to try to gain inspiration to get back into writing after that major set back. A few words became hundreds, then thousands, then multiple chapters and a detailed outline. This is not an original idea and has been done like a hundred times but I wanted to give it a go anyway with my own twist on it. As far as MC goes, I'm still very discouraged to finish it now. If anyone really wants to see it done please PM me and if it's wanted enough I'll do a complete rewrite of the story. (It has many plot holes and other issues that need to be fixed.) Anyway, I hope you guys enjoy a new multi-chap. I've drafted all the way to chapter 23, so expect it to be around that length. The next few chapters are already written in their entirety so expect relatively request updates (if I had a penny for every time I said that.) Enjoy.