people but yeah Lahote I am." She smirked. The look in her eyes changed with speed unknown to even us she lunged for Paul the blows she rained down upon him devastating Seth went to aid him she easily swatted him a way I could hear bones break. I went to lunge at her but Jasper wrapped his arms around my midsection keeping me where I was. "He is fine he is alive what did I tell you Leah never charge into a battle your not capable of winning." She stood up looming over Paul's broken and bruised body she looked at her hand. "The only reason you live Paul is because you showed remorse you bled for me and now…now you've bled for your mistakes you showed me a kindness even if it was 13 years too late and now I shall show you the same by allowing you, your mate and her father to live. Aside from that my debt to you has been paid just as your debt to me has been voided." She turned around to face a stricken looking Sam. "Your debt will only be paid by death." She charged him slamming into his side with a sickening crack she wrapped her arms around his center and crushed his ribs. Embry went to attack she grabbed him by the throat, it was actually weird seeing a woman hold a wolf twice as big as a horse by the throat, and shook him then tossed him like a rag doll. "We truly have no chance at stopping her." Jasper whispered. "We can't just sit back and watch her kill Sam." Jake protested. "And what do you expect us to do mutt do you see what she's doing to your Alpha and what she did to Carlisle, Brady, Paul, Jared, Embry and Seth? She'd kill us all if we attacked plus I think she deserves retribution for what they did to her." Rosalie stated. "We are not Gods we do not get a say in who lives or dies." The Spaniard male with the Denali's stated. "Exactly we aren't gods and neither are they but they sure as hell were acting like it by doing what they did. Bella would have fed on animals just as we had if given the chance they took that away with perverse pleasure when they did what they did, I say they deserve this plus more. She suffered for 13 years Jared suffered a second, Paul will heal why shouldn't they suffer like she did?" Rosalie asked. "At least someone agrees with me." Bella laughed manically her hand wrapped around Sam's pelt. "Please Bella don't do this." Charlie begged. "Sorry Chief its way outta my hands." She tore the fur on the left side of his neck off revealing muscle and tissue then dug her hand into his stomach pulling out his intestines, "Now you'll understand how I felt having my body eat itself." She forced his intestines into his mouth causing him to choke and sputter then she punched through his chest cavity and pulled out his still beating heart. "Look at that it still beats I would have swore on my undead life that your heart would have been black by now I know mine is." She dropped his body and bit into his heart instantly killing Sam. "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" Embry fell to his knees. "YEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSS!" She laughed like a lunatic. "This has been fun and all quite beneficial to my health huh?" She smirked. "Why Bella?" Edward asked. She looked at him for a second then turned to Brady. "You didn't have to kill him Bella." Jake whispered. "I didn't." She aimed at him again and the lightening hit him in the chest his heart started beating a mile a minute. "How did…" The male Spaniard muttered. "Well now that that is done I'll take my leave." "What about my father and sister?" Jake asked. "What about them? I never took them I smelt Jared I followed the scent and saw Kim, obviously all Emily ever does is cook so that was more of a guess and I have not seen Billy or Rachel in decades call em you'll see I only speak truths." She laughed. "What about Laurent?" Tanya asked. "He will soon turn to ashes his body is attempting to keep him alive or undead however you like it but not even venom can repair the damages I've caused to him its not like you lost anything the bastards powers will no longer affect you once he dies." "Laurent doesn't have any powers Eleazar would have sensed them." Tanya stated. "Doesn't he? He can compel a person into believing his lie as long as they are susceptible to them Irina wanted a mate so he could easily compel her into believing that he was indeed her mate and Eleazar wanted Irina to be happy and he knew being mated would do that so he was easily hidden from it. All of you were in his trap because you wanted happiness for your mate and ultimately that was your downfall with Laurent because it made you susceptible to his power a power that I now have." "So what now Bella?" Charlie asked. "I keep attempting to tell you that Bella Swan is long gone dead no longer living she is no longer an active entity of this world she only lives up there in my mind hidden away from all the pain caused by those around her. As for what now maybe I'll go pick a fight with the Volturi see what all the fuss is about and if they truly are as powerful as so many claim." "I thought…" Emmett started "We never got the battle I wanted of course I showed them partially what I am capable of but not everything and I've yet to see what they are truly capable of aside from Jane, Alec, Felix and Demetri and of course the 3 kings themselves."