muttered as his hands traveled higher, to the frayed hem of my small denim shorts. "Can we not mention my brother right now?" "Shit!" He cursed. "Of course not. I would just like it noted that I'd like a cremation though, no burial..." I grabbed the back of his neck. "Shut up and kiss me." "That I can do...at least until Emmett finds out." His lips met mine again in an even hungrier, more explosive union. "That won't be long then, Cullen." Oh shit! Edward's lips were ripped from mine as Emmett pulled him off of me. Where in the hell did he come from? I hadn't heard his car or approaching footsteps. "Get the fuck off of my sister," he growled. "Is this why you offered to help? I knew you'd go back on your word..." "What word?" I asked, my hands automatically running over my lips as my body felt the loss of Edward's proximity. When neither of them answered me, I hopped up and stood to confront my brother. Edward stared at Emmett, his breathing heavy and his eyes piercing. Emmett stared at Edward, not acknowledging me as I spoke. Still, neither of them replied. I walked closer to Emmett. "What. Word?" I shoved Emmett in the chest, but he didn't even flinch. Without taking his eyes off of Edward he spoke slowly and carefully. "This dick has liked you for years. I don't want you with some guy who has a string of cheerleaders and sluts in his past." I blinked in disbelief at my brother's words. "And you get to make that decision?" I yelled at him. "I don't want my best friend and my sister hooking up, that's too weird. There are so many guys out there..." Emmett reiterated, finally looking at me. "You don't get to decide who I date," I shouted furiously, wondering why Emmett was being such a piece of shit right now. "Well, you haven't done such a great job for yourself so far," Emmett told me before he turned to Edward. "And you...is this how you accept payment from all your customers?" "What? No!" Edward looked hurt as his eyes flitted between Emmett and me. Two seconds later Emmett's face cracked into a huge smile. "Jesus, you two, lighten up! I'm kidding. Well, not about all of it, he has liked you for years, Bells, but he was too much of a pussy to do anything about it. I hoped leaving you two stranded here for a few hours would...break the ice." "Huh?" I turned to Edward who looked as confused as me. "Ed, there was no bank meeting. I set you two up. I thought maybe if you stopped hating each other for a few minutes you might realize you're made for each other." Edward and I finally made eye contact with each other and I could tell he was as surprised as me. "You don't mind?" Edward asked Emmett. "Ed, I can't tell you or Bella who to date." "But I don't want to lose you as a friend, I've seen it happen too many times..." "Honestly, Ed, it's okay with me. Years ago I might have had a problem with it, and if you start telling me any bedroom details I'll certainly have a problem with it. But if you care for Bella as much as I think you do then I don't want to stand in your way." "And your dad?" Edward asked cautiously. "He won't fire you. He might have if he'd found you dry humping his daughter like that, but it must be your lucky day because it was me who turned up, and not him." Edward chuckled and placed an arm around my shoulder. "Man, I don't think I'll ever understand men." I groaned. Both Emmett and Edward had confused and surprised me today, but as I looked from one to the other I couldn't help but smile. I was finally starting to believe that Edward saw me as more than Emmett's little sister and I was excited to see where our feelings would take us. ooooooOOOOOOoooooo Two months later… "Hello." I could hear the smile in my boyfriend's voice and the radio playing in the background in the garage. "Edward, my truck has broken down again." I tried to sound exasperated but I hated lying to him. "What? Seriously? That damn truck. You know it's a piece of…" he was beginning to raise his voice, speaking on the topic we disagreed on most frequently, my truck. He really wanted me to get a better ride. "Please, Edward, I need your help, not a lecture." He sighed. "Where are you?" "About a mile away from the spot where I broke down last time, further up the hill, by the meadow." I was trying to sound flustered and irritated. "Okay, I'll be there in about twenty minutes." He responded exasperatedly. I hung up my cell, grabbed the picnic hamper from my truck, and headed straight for the meadow. After laying down the blanket, I set up the food and drinks I'd brought with me, and spent the next few minutes making sure everything was ready. About fifteen minutes later, I heard the rumble of the tow truck and ran to greet him. I wasn't nervous he would be upset by my sneakiness. It was, after all our two-month anniversary. He was my man now. He rubbed me in all the right ways. Would I ever regret my truck breaking down on the side of the road that day? Nope. Not at all. Thanks for reading this one-shot. Please let me know what you think. I really love to hear your thoughts and appreciate any reviews and any feedback. If you enjoyed this story, please give my completed multi-fic Tougher Than The Rest a go, see my profile for details. Thanks to EdwardsFirstKiss, SarcasticBimbo and CopertopJ for giving me their time and opinions when they pre-read and beta this. Any mistakes are my own.