are you talking about, Em? I did help her. I gave her fifty dollars. What else was I supposed to do?" "Ed, I thought you were the smart one. Use your brain! It's freezing outside, and this girl has a kid with her. Practically a baby! You could have brought them inside to sit in the lobby with G." "Why would Gianna want to sit with some homeless girls?" I asked. She was a receptionist, and I didn't think that was in her job description. Emmett looked at me like I was crazy. "That's not the point, Edward. You can't just leave them out there." "Leave who out where?" "Great," I mumbled, rubbing my face with my hands. Mom was here, so now it was a party. And if Emmett was mad, I didn't want to see how Mom would react. Apparently I did the wrong thing while thinking I was doing the right thing. I probably should have just stayed in bed this morning. "Thank you for getting the bagels, dear. Now what are you talking about? Leave who out where?" she asked with a smile, turning to Emmett. She knew he'd give her any information she wanted. Emmett was an even bigger sucker when it came to our mother. Yeah, she was awesome, and we all loved her, but Em took it even farther. Even when he moved out, it was only five hundred feet away. Of course, I couldn't say anything because I hadn't even made it that far. "Edward saw some homeless chick with a baby outside, and all he did was give her fifty dollars. Aaannnnd…punish away!" I wanted to wipe the smug look off his face, but right now, another face was taking priority. I wasn't sure if I'd ever seen Mom this angry before. I was almost worried that she was going to have a brain aneurysm. Her jaw clinched as did her fists. "Edward. Anthony. Cullen. What the hell were you thinking?" Whoa. Now I was positive that I'd never seen her this angry before. Esme Cullen didn't curse. This would not end well for me. "Oh, son . Told you so." Emmett whistled as he stood and reached over to pat my shoulder. "Good luck with that." He turned and walked toward the door, stopping to kiss Mom's cheek. "I love you, Mom. Don't forget to put a dollar in the charity jar, okay?" As soon as she turned her rage face to him, he laughed and ran out of the room. He was lucky he can take cover in his office. I was stuck here. It was possible I might die here. "Mom," I started softly, but she cut me off. "Why didn't you bring them inside? I thought we raised you better than this." "But I don't understand, Mom. I wouldn't have even noticed her if some jerk hadn't pushed me and the kid hadn't been crying. They can get food with the money I gave them." I shrugged. "I thought I did a good thing. I don't see what the big deal is…" By the time I was finished, I wanted to hide in the closet. Mom's rage face transformed into something calmer and somehow even scarier. Her green eyes narrowed and pierced mine, her gaze relentless. She was studying me, and I kind of didn't want to know what she was looking for. I tentatively smiled, testing the waters, but she didn't react. Suddenly, she gestured to me with her index finger. I immediately stood and start to shrug my coat off. "No, leave your coat on," she commanded. "Come on. Let's go." I had no idea where we were going, but I was too afraid to not follow her. As soon as I was right in front of her, she grabbed my ear and pulled me toward the door. "Oww, Mom, stop. Where are we going?" I thought this only happened in movies or TV, as if my life wasn't crazy enough right now. She paused and turned to look at me. " You are going to find this girl again and invite her into the building. I'm just going along to apologize for my son being an insensitive moron. Now, you better hope she hasn't gone very far or you will not be sleeping under my roof tonight." I gulped and nodded, and she resumed pulling me. She pulled me to her office to grab her coat, scarf, and gloves, and once she was bundled up, she pulled me to the elevator. I was so glad the building wasn't busy yet because this was by far the most embarrassing moment of my life. Going back outside was the last thing I wanted to do today, but for some reason, I wasn't dreading it. Maybe now I could finally get these girls out of my head. One way or another, I would do a good deed. Mom would make sure of it. A/N: Welcome to my new adventure! To any of my C/Es readers, I hope you'll stick with me with this. And to any new readers, I'm so happy to have you along for the ride! This fic will mostly be self-serving and not heavily researched, so please forgive any inaccuracies. The next update will be after the weekend, and then updates will probably be every two weeks or so. I'm going into my last two semesters of nursing school which doesn't leave me much free time, but I will do my best to update regularly. Thanks again to Mel and Ash. This fic wouldn't exist with them, and their encouragement is invaluable. ILY guys. Anhanninen and I had a deal to post together today, so go check out her new fic, Just Breathe. Her daddyward is lovely, and you definitely won't regret it! And to end this epically long A/N, I'm on twitter as KelleyRachelle. I complain about school and other boring stuff, but I enjoy the company. =) Thanks so much for reading!