don't have to go on without them. When the gifts are wrapped, I arrange them under the tree until Bella is satisfied with their placement. We then change into our pajamas that match the ones she dressed Katie in after her bath. Last year I might have complained about the snowman design, but not this year. I'm enjoying every moment as much as I can. I start a fire as Bella takes care of the plate of cookies Katie left out for Ho Ho along with the eggnog she convinced our daughter that he likes more than milk. Once we're finished, I turn the music down and dim the lights before sitting and stretching out on the couch. I pat the space between my legs, and Bella comes and snuggles close. I cover us with a soft blanket and wrap my arms around her, placing my hands strategically to feel Carlie kick. "She loves Christmas, too," Bella says softly. "Raising them right in the womb." I chuckle and nuzzle her cheek, placing a soft kiss there. "I love you." Humming contentedly, she settles further against me. "I love you too, Edward. I'm so happy I'm here with you and Katie." My heart squeezes painfully for the first time since she finally opened her eyes, and I have to hold her tighter just as a reminder that she is here. "I was so lost, love," I confess in a whisper. "I tried to keep it together, but everything reminded me of you. I couldn't look at the tree or the garland . . . our closet. You're here everywhere, but you weren't really. I didn't know what to do. I don't know how I could've —" "Shhh." She turns slightly, placing her hand on my cheek and making our eyes meet. "I'm right here, baby. Right here. I can't even imagine how hard it was for you, but we're all here now. You don't have to think about the what ifs anymore. I'm safe and healthy, Carlie's safe and healthy, and you did a wonderful job making sure Katie was okay through everything." "I love you." I have to say it again. It doesn't seem like enough to convey everything I'm feeling right now, but it'll have to do. "I'm so completely in love with you, Bella." "I'm completely and totally in love with you too, Edward. Do you want to know what I wanted for Christmas?" I nod, so she continues. "This. I wanted to spend the evening with you, wrapped up together. Wake up tomorrow and unwrap presents with Katie. Take a family picture with everyone and eat a delicious meal." "I think we're saving Ho Ho a lot of room on his sleigh," I joke which makes her grin, probably happy to see my mood has turned back around. I didn't mean to get serious, and I'm sure it won't be the last time it creeps up on me. But with Bella to support me, I can make it through anything. "You're right about that," she says with a quiet laugh. "But there is one other thing I want from you. " She has a cunning glint in her eye which has me curious. I'm pretty sure she won't be naming anything I have hideously wrapped for her under the tree. "What's that, baby?" Without a word, she reaches under the blanket, pulling something out and lifting it above our heads. "Mistletoe?" I question, wondering how she snuck that in. She nods. "Mistletoe. I have everything I could ever want, but I figure I can be a little greedy." "And you want a kiss? That's all?" With a smile, I lean forward, placing a sweet kiss on her lips. "I don't think that makes you greedy." The glint in her eyes remains as she shakes her head. "Uh uh. You can do much, much better than that. Kiss me like you mean it, husband." Ah. I see what she means now. I have been careful with her over the last week, with good reason of course. But she's making it clear she can handle more, so who am I to argue? "With pleasure, wife. With pleasure." Placing both my hands on her cheeks, I turn us slight so we're more comfortable and then I give her exactly what she's asking for. Lips, tongue, and everything. I don't hold back, and she keeps up perfectly. She tastes like Christmas — sugar cookies and the cinnamon she puts in her eggnog — and I can't get enough. With the way she's responding, I don't think she can get enough of me either. It's clear it has been too long, but when we both start groaning loudly, I know it's time to stop. We can't go any further tonight, but that's okay. This is enough. We continue sharing slow, soft kisses as the fire crackles and the music plays, only stopping when Bella falls asleep in my arms. Instead of moving her right away and going to bed, I sit back and watch the fire and the twinkling lights of the tree. We went through way too much shit over the last two weeks before getting to this point, but this moment is perfect. I kiss the top of Bella's head, closing my eyes as I try to commit this to memory exactly as it is. "Merry Christmas, Bella," I whisper. "I'm so glad you're here." oOo I don't own Twilight or these characters. A zillion thanks to MelissaMargaret for betaing and to anhanninen and myonlyheroin for prereading. I couldn't have done it without them! There will be another chapter or two to go along with this. My plan is to get them posted before Christmas, so look for that next week. (And for my other readers, I'm hoping to update my WIPs before the New Year as well) =) Thanks so much for reading, and be sure to check out the other entries! Lots of holiday goodness to choose from.