was looking at me, I swear," he claimed, terror creeping into his tone. "She knows my name! How does she know my name?" I shrugged, just as confused. I'd never been introduced to this kid. It wasn't like either of us spent much time around children. There was no reason why she should know Emmett's name, or mine, if that's what she was saying. Gibberish was the more likely option. "It's probably nothing," I asserted. "It's just a coincidence she's babbling words that sound similar to our names." She patted my cheek again, annoyed that Emmett and I were ignoring her. "Teddy," she repeated, reaching for my hair again. This time I had the foresight to stop her before she could grab ahold. "She is calling you Teddy!" Emmett insisted. "I knew it! What the hell is going on? How does she know us if we've never met her before?" "Get the papers," I pointed at them, carefully balancing the baby so I wouldn't hurt her, or god forbid, drop her. "What's her name? Is there a chance we've met her after all?" Emmett scrambled for the documents, nearly scattering them in his haste. "Brandon," he stated. "What the fuck kind of name is that for a girl? I think I would have remembered meeting a girl named Brandon. Hell, we should remember meeting her, period. We remember everything. And I'm telling you, I've never seen this kid before." I glanced over his shoulder at the papers. "Her name is Mary Alice. Brandon is her surname." Emmett looked sheepish. "Oh, right. Still, Mary Alice? It is the twenty-first century, right?" He made a silly face at the baby, who giggled, enjoying that he was playing with her. "Sorry kid, but I don't know what your mommy and daddy were thinking naming you that." The baby patted her own head. "Alice," she explained. Emmett laughed, stooping so they were eye to eye. "Is that what you like to be called? Is your name Alice?" She giggled, burying her face in my shoulder. Emmett echoed her chuckle. "Oh, look at that, someone's shy. You're going to get on perfect with uncle Edward," he told her in what I supposed was his baby voice. Thank goodness she appeared not to mind because, if I were her, it would have creeped me the fuck out. "He's shy, too. Except we real men call it 'being a pussy.'" I rolled my eyes. "Do you really think this is a conversation you should be having with a–" I peeked at her birth certificate, realizing I had no idea how old she was, "–22-month-old? You might want to dial back the language while you're at it. From what I hear, kids pick up that stuff fast. Her mom's gonna be pissed if we give her back and 'fuck' is the newest addition to her vocabulary." Emmett snickered. "Relax, Teddy . Alice is a good girl. She would never rat out uncle Emmett." "Emmy," Alice corrected, reaching a hand out to his face, her huge grey eyes luminous. Her motor skills weren't quite up to par. She nearly poked him in the eye. "That's right," I muttered in agreement. "You put Emmy in his place." Alice grinned a toothy little smile, her mind already wandering; she was growing bored with us and looking for another distraction. She wanted her dolls. I hated to disappoint her, but we didn't have dolls for her to play with. Or anything else a little kid might consider fun. Unless a copy of The Brothers Grimm fairytales counted. I wasn't sure her parents would appreciate us reading her the gruesome precursors to Disney tales. I froze upon realizing that wasn't the only thing going on in her little head. She was imagining playing in our living room. Our living room was represented perfectly down to the last carpet hair. The furniture was positioned exactly as it had been for the last three years. The stain from the time Emmett had tracked mud onto the carpet near the French doors was there. Even my keys were hanging off the table in the way I'd left them earlier in the day. My UW keychain cast a rainbow on the ceiling. Just like it did in her head. "How is it that, out of the two of us, I got the chick name?" Emmett wondered, annoyance crossing his features. "I mean, at least Teddy is a dude name, even if it does make it sound like you're five." When I didn't comment, he glanced up at me, concern creasing his features. "What's wrong? You look like you've seen a ghost." "She knows our living room." Emmett frowned, glancing at Alice, who had become enamored with the colourful stitching on the hem of her shirt. "She knows our living room? What does that mean?" "It means, if I didn't know better, I'd think she'd been inside our house. She knows where everything is. Even where I left my keys," I stressed. "But that's impossible," Emmett countered. "It's locked and the alarm is enabled. There's no way anyone got inside. We'd be able to smell if someone had been inside, anyway." I shrugged. "I don't know. It doesn't make sense. How does she know our names? Even if she had met us, she shouldn't remember. No 22-month-old remembers inconsequential things like that." "Teddy? Emmy?" Alice bopped my arm with her little fist to gain my attention. "Hunry." Emmett and I exchanged glances, each hoping the other had deciphered what she wanted. Emmett shrugged, looking at me expectantly. "Can't you just read her mind?" "Hunry," Alice repeated, growing impatient with our inaction. I tried to look beyond the phrase to see her underlying intention, but all came up with was her frustration that we didn't understand. Emmett sighed and shook his head. "Forget it, let's just go inside. I'm tired of standing out here. We can figure out how to keep her alive until Carlisle gets home in there."