anger to confusion with a hint of elation and a scoop of relief. "It's you." She closes the gap I've put between us and drapes her arms around my neck, holding my gaze. "I've dreamed about being with you for a long, long time." I scoff, hesitant to believe anything she's saying. "Bullshit. You've been blowing me off since I got back into town." "No. I wanted you then just as bad as I want you now, but I was scared. When you looked at me like the way you are now…" I smirk, enjoying the way her mouth move as she talks. "I froze up. Then it became a game, like foreplay." "Yeah, I bet your boyfriend fucking appreciated you giving another guy blue balls," I spit, untangling her arms from around me. She frowns. "I never had a boyfriend." "Game's over, little girl." I take another step back, suddenly needing a smoke and some fucking space. I'd still follow this girl to the depths of hell and be her pussy-whipped puppy dog, but she doesn't need to know that shit. "Jacob? Really? I wouldn't date him if my life depended on it." I stop patting my pockets and look back up at her. "You fucking lied to me?" "It didn't take me long to have you all figured out, Edward." She hooks her fingers into the loop of my jeans and playfully pulls. "I knew thinking I had a boyfriend would only make you want me more." I don't know whether to find this all cute or be pissed at her for playing more fucking games with me. "Admit it. You get off on the chase." "Fuck that. I wanted to kill that scrawny little kid." I bend down and sink my teeth into that pouty, lying bottom lip of hers until she yelps out in pain. After pushing her back into the truck, I finally find my smokes and light one up. "I'd rather you'd been straight with me from day one." "Oh, yeah? And say what? 'Hi, Edward. I've had a crazy crush on you since I was ten. Would you like a side of pussy with that pie?' Yeah. I'm sure that would've been real appealing." "Actually, I wou–" I stop for a second when what she said actually hits me. "Wait. What? A crush on me since you were ten ? What are you talking about?" I pull from my cigarette like a life source, watching baby girl smooth her hair down. She's chewing on her already tattered and swollen bottom lip nervously, a habit that makes me want to bend that ass over and bang it out of her. "You were my first crush," she finally admits, speaking softly now. "I know this town's always hated you, but even then, I saw something in you they didn't." I blow smoke in her face but wave it away with my hand. She's unfazed and takes a deep breath to continue. "When I was a kid, I spent every summer day at the diner with my mom while she worked. You were in high school, and you came in all the time for a slice of cherry pie and ice cold milk." I blink at her, taken back. "You remember that?" She nods, biting at her thumbnail now. "One day, Lauren Stanley was there with me, and these three boys kept making fun of her new haircut. Brian Peters said she looked like a dyke, and you called over to him from the counter, telling him if he didn't leave Lauren alone, you'd kick his ass so hard that his balls would retract and everyone would start calling him Briana." I laugh. I have no recollection of the incident, but it sounds like something I'd say. "You remember all that, little girl?" I smirk around my cigarette. "I must've left quite the impression on you." She smiles, sticking her leg out to rub her foot up and down my calf. "You did. You've always been an asshole, but what you said to Brian that day came from a good place. It didn't matter that the whole town hated your family or that everyone in the diner that day had labeled you a little trouble-making hoodlum. You stuck up for Lauren because it was the right thing to do." "So you've been crushing on me for years because I told off some little shit? Damn, baby. With the number of people I've mouthed off to, your body should be covered in tats." She shakes her head at me, giggling like what I said is silly but not completely off the mark. "I got the tattoo as a reminder of you from that day — a reminder that there's good in everyone, even people who've been written off by the rest of the world." I don't know what to think of that. It's been a long time since anyone's used 'good' in relation to me. "I didn't know I'd ever actually have the chance to be with you." The chance? That baffles me. She talks like I'm a fucking catch or something. "Is that what you want? To be with me?" She's wrong about me. I'm not good. I'm not some righteous prize of a man. I'm not boyfriend material, and I sure as fuck am not good enough for baby girl. What I am, however, is a selfish prick, and if this sweet slice of cherry pie wants me, then so fucking be it. She can have my body, my soul, and every fucked up thing that comes with it. "I've never wanted anything more in my life, Edward." My heart hammers, and my dick stirs. "I've already told you I'm yours." "And I've already told you…" I toss my cigarette to the ground, and in seconds, my hands are in her hair, yanking and tilting her head up as I put my lips to her ear. "If you let me, I'll fucking love you forever."