of pleasure he sent me into. Forty five minutes later I was finally out of the shower and dressed in some jeans and a flannel shirt. I started on making brownies for everyone. I thought about six batches should be enough. There would be about twenty of us here tonight between pack and mates. I took my time adding walnuts to the tops and chocolate chips to some. I drizzled caramel on some. I made a few pitchers of tea and lemonade. Later I moved onto putting my things away that I left in the living room. I gave the bathroom a quick clean. I sprayed down the shower knowing the wolves would smell our tryst from earlier. I washed our sheets to give them a fresh soft feel for later tonight. I set the brownies on the table where I knew the other desserts would be placed. I cleaned off the counter to set up a buffet style for when we made our plates. I had just finished setting everything up when Leah showed up with the cooked meat. Emily followed soon with the chips and dips and Kim brought in the condiments. Everything was set up by the time the wolves started trickling in. I noticed the three new faces immediately. I made my way over to them after Jared and Sam both gave me a warm welcome home. The new faces of course looked like they were already twenty five but watching their mannerisms they had a Quil sized IQ. I looked around making sure everyone was here when I noticed Paul was missing. I wasn't sure if it was because of the occasion or not but I had a feeling it had to do with me being back. "He had a stop to make after patrols. He'll be here later." Jake whispered coming up behind me. "Everything looks good by the way." He added before whistling to get everyone's attention. "Okay ladies first of course. We'll eat and then have a quick pack meeting after Paul shows up." He finished. "What could he not finish with flavor of the week in time for dinner?" Quil quipped. "Shut it. You know it's not like that." Embry defended. "Oh my bad flavor number three right?" Quil added. "Does anyone remember what today is?" Embry said getting angry. "December 15th." I said completely lost. All the wolves down cast their eyes hanging their heads in shame. "Okay enough. We don't need to be talking about this right now. He'll be here after he's done and that's that. He said to go ahead and eat." Jake said. "Ladies first." He said and the imprints made their way to the kitchen. I stayed where I was completely lost at what I just missed. It seemed like something was going on with Paul that didn't have to do with a leggy blonde. He was such a ladies man the last I saw him. He was just about to graduate when I left for college and we'd barely even glanced at each other. He always kept his distance because he didn't think the "leech lover" should be allowed to mix with the pack. Both Sam and Jake shot him down putting him in his place. From then on we just kept our distance. Dinner went well. Everyone enjoyed the dinner and the guys started working their way through the brownies. I took a minute to start to clean up the kitchen. I made a big plate for Paul and set it in the fridge. I noticed the front door open and close. What I didn't hear was one of the wolves coming into the kitchen. I felt a presence though. I was bending over putting away some dishes when I heard a snicker behind me. I turned around to see Paul staring at my ass. I looked away busying myself more before seeing his eyes. I didn't want him to notice my embarrassment. "I uh made you a plate. It's um in the fridge." I wasn't sure how this would go. We hadn't seen each other in at least four years and never really crossed paths before. "Thanks you didn't have to do that." Paul said walking over to the fridge. He put his plate in the microwave to warm up his food. "It was no problem." I turned around and smiled at him. He had just pulled out his plate and turned around to look at me. Our eyes locked and we were both frozen in place. I don't know what this feeling was but in only about three minutes it came full circle and I realized what was going on. Paul had set his plate back down and shoved his hands in his pockets. He rocked back on his heels leaning against the counter. "No fucking way." He breathed out and I was lost looking in his dark brown eyes. I was way too far gone to hear the barrel of footsteps. Of course, it was the three stooges. They all came to a halt at the back doorway. "Seriously?" Embry said. "Oh shit." Quil added. Jake didn't say anything but moved to my side wrapping an arm around me. Normally I would find it to be comforting but now it just felt wrong. I went stiff and he pulled back looking at me. That's when I heard the growl. I thought it was from Jake but when I looked over it was Paul. His fists were clenched and his jaw was set. "Back away from my mate, Black." Paul all but spat out. I felt like the world was spinning. My mind was in so many places I couldn't think straight. I shut my eyes waiting for the pain to ensue from my hit to the floor but it never came. I barely remember warm arms wrapped around me before everything went black. The last thought I had before I was out. "Paul Lahote just imprinted on me." Oh Shit.