of me that will always love you." I don't know what to say. I'm stunned into complete and utter silence. It's hard to believe that Edward, calm and collected, cool as a cucumber Edward, is telling me he loves me. "Bella, please," he begs, "say something." "You were in love with me?" "Wasn't it obvious?" Not to me it wasn't. I mean, sure, I got that he cared about me. But love? "You never said it while we were together." "I was working up to it. Then I was offered the promotion in New York, and it seemed like a shitty time to say something. I didn't want you to think I was trying to sway you. I wanted you to come with me because you wanted to, not because you took pity on the guy hopelessly in love with you." "So you never told me." That he seems to feel no remorse about his decision to keep this monumental secret from me stings. "I'm telling you now. Would it have made a difference if I told you then?" "I don't know. Maybe. It would have been a factor in my decision." "Bella," he says softly. "I wasn't right what I asked of you. You shouldn't have had to give up law school to follow me. We both deserved to follow our dreams." Perhaps he's right. If I had followed him to New York, would I be where I am today? I'm not sure. I like to think so, but there's no way to know. Maybe if I'd gone with him, we'd be wearing matching gold bands and have a couple of crazy-haired, green-eyed children instead? Who knows which way life would have taken us? I decide what ifs aren't important. I can only change the future. "What about now?" I ask, my heart pounding so loudly I can hear each thump. "What about now, what?" "How do you feel?" I can hear the smile in his voice. "Bella, if you felt a fraction of what I did tonight, you know the answer." "You know what they say about assuming." His warm chuckle reverberates down the line. "I feel the same way I did five years ago. Like you said, it was circumstances that separated us. Not a lack of feelings. If you're asking if I still love you? The answer is yes." Those simple, honest words are all it takes to toss the ball in my court. Where this goes is up to me. I can play it safe and refuse to take a chance, just like I did five years ago. Or I can be brave and let my heart lead, hoping what it wants won't get it broken. I'm a girl who learns from her mistakes. "We should talk about this," I suggest, heat searing my insides at the thought of seeing him again, this time without the emotional barricades. "Meet you in fifteen? At our place?" "I'll be there." He doesn't ask where. It's further confirmation that I'm making the right choice… that what we had years ago was meaningful to him, too. I hang up the phone with a smile on my face. When I get to the little hole-in-the-wall diner where Edward and I spent far too many of our dates, he's there waiting for me, hands in his pockets, looking just as nervous as I feel. "Hi," he says, his nerves reflected in his eyes. "Hi," I return. We each take a step closer. I reach for his hands. We twine our fingers, matching smiles overtaking our features. "Should we go inside?" He gives my hands a little tug. "I bet Peter still remembers us." I shake my head. "We should do this first." I push him against the adjacent brick wall, and press my lips to his. He returns my fevered kiss, his lips and tongue teasing and tasting. We're making out like teenagers, but neither of us care. This kiss… it's a balance of lust and love, rolled into one neat package. It's the perfect mix of raw chemistry and something a little bit magical. When we pull away minutes later, we look like… well, like we've been making out against a brick wall. We're both disheveled, but wearing grins that indicate we could care less. "Does that mean yes to giving us a second chance?" Edward says, evergreen eyes shining. As if there was any doubt. "Was that not clear? Perhaps I should try that again. This time I'll be more convincing," I offer teasingly. I have no problem spending the rest of the night demonstrating my feelings. I have every intention of dragging him back to my apartment to do just that after we're done here. "As tempting as that is… We'll have plenty of time for that later. Right?" He plays with my fingers, a glimmer of nerves flickering in his expression. I stand on my toes to kiss his cheek. "All night, and all the rest of the nights," I agree. "I gave up on us once without a fight. I won't do it again." "That means a lot to me. So much. You have no idea." He kisses my hair, tucking me into his side. I fit perfectly in the space under his arm, like I was made to be here. "But if you ever try to move away again, I won't be held responsible for my actions," I warn. His nod is solemn. "That won't happen." I trust him. I believe when he says that this is where he wants to be. We may have taken a meandering path to get here, but at least we've found our way back. Perhaps it was a blessing. We both know now what we gave up. We aren't willing to repeat our mistakes. "By the way," I say, as I lead him inside the diner. "I would have said it back, if you'd told me, then." "And now?" "I guess you'll have to say it to find out."