ignoring his protests. "Bella? What are you doing?" I don't dignify that with a response. I think it's pretty damn obvious what I'm doing. He quiets when my mouth encloses around him. I'm not sure if he's overwhelmed or just not sure what to say. I don't care either way. I want to do this for him. After the orgasm he just gave me, it's the least I can do. And to think, we haven't even made it to the sex yet. As it turns out, I don't have as much willpower as I think I do. I last only a couple of minutes before I'm desperate to have him inside. I'm still soaked from his previous efforts and the hazy pangs of lust are back. Despite a whimper at the loss of contact, he doesn't seem to mind when he recognizes what I'm doing. I fumble through his nightstand for a condom, relieved it only takes a few seconds to find one. He takes it from me and together we get it situated. The moment it's on, I lift myself over him, sheathing him inside of me with a firm stroke. It feels so good; I can't help my vocal reaction. It's only faintly surreal that it's Edward, the man I've known since I was three years old, who is making me feel this way. "Fuck," he curses, his fingertips digging into my hips in a way that might be painful if it didn't feel so good. Together we settle into a rhythm that has him on the edge within minutes. I can feel him trying to hold back for my sake but I'm having none of it. It's only fair that he gets his turn. I've already had mine. I press him down to the bed, making use of every dirty trick I've learned over the years. He gasps and his hips pulsate beneath me when he can hold on no longer. I continue to rock with him until he stills. Lightning flashes in the background and for the first time in a while I'm aware of the storm. It gives me a glorious split-second view of Edward beneath me, his face crumpled with pleasure. Pride surges, knowing that it's my doing. I don't even mind that I didn't get off. I'm certain there will be another time and probably another after that and another the next day and the day after that. "Give me a minute," he pants, as he discards the condom. "We're gonna do that again but this time we're going to do it right." I grin and cuddle into his side. We're both sweaty and sated. I've never felt as close to him as I do in this moment. It's a different closeness than what I'm used to but it's definitely something I could get accustomed to. "It felt pretty right to me." Though I can't see it, I know he's rolling his eyes. Competitive Edward has joined the party. "Bella, you didn't come," he states as if this is some horrid misfortune. I kiss his chest. "Next time." " Every time from now on," he stresses and it's my turn to roll my eyes. "Really? Every single time? Do you think you're some kind of sex god or something?" I love how confident he is that there's going to be a next time. I want there to be and knowing he does too is thrilling. The transition from friends to more has been so effortless it's making me wonder why I ever had doubts. Why wasn't this an obvious choice for us the moment puberty struck? His smug grin is in his voice. "Damn close." I think I just might have to agree. Joking with him like this is so easy. It's like we've managed to retain the best parts of our friendship; like how we tease one another but with this new added dimension. "Someone's feeling confident in their bedroom skills," I tease. He shakes his head. "Just my ability to be your undoing. You forget I know everything about you. It's going to be a piece of cake." "You know I enjoyed that, right?" I question, wanting him to know in no uncertain terms that I wouldn't trade the experience for anything. Especially not for a measly orgasm. His hand tangles in my hair, pulling me into a soft kiss. "I hoped so. That doesn't mean it's not going to be even better next time." "I'm counting on it," I murmur against his lips. He yawns loudly and I decide I've kept him up long enough for one night. It's past three in the morning and he's been up comforting me for over an hour. I think he deserves some sleep. I have every intention of having him fulfill his promise in the morning. "Sleep," I say, pulling him down so he's cradled on my chest. Predictably, he protests but we both know I'm the more stubborn one. Eventually he quiets, another yawn making it clear he's too tired to put up much of a fight. Edward's always been the early riser, the one who's up before the sun, while I prefer to sleep into the very last moment possible. There's few things I hate more than waking up before my alarm. I have a feeling this morning I'm going to have a wake up call of a different variety if Edward has any say. I won't even complain if he wakes me up early. I just hope things remain as simple as they've been under the cover of darkness. The thought of us being awkward around one another in the light of day is appalling. As I follow him into sleep, my last thoughts are of the storm that's softened to next to nothing. I don't know if I'll be able to hate them any longer. They'll remind me of tonight. xx EDIT: This story is now being written as a multi-chapter. Expect it to start posting regularly soon :)