to toot my own horn, but I was one hell of a dominant. Okay.. toot...toot... During the time of my residency, I trained many a submissive, not wanting the responsibility of a collared sub- with my crazy schedule. The subs I trained went on to have long and fulfilling relationships with other doms. Occasionally I had to deal with infatuation and misplaced attachment, but still back then those too were few and far between. Tonight would be an exception to the rules of sorts. Firstly, there would be no penetration, with the exception of my fingers. And even with those no more than two. Odd request, but for now I´ll let it slide. I´m thinking if this chic can´t take more than two fingers, I´m gonna have some major problems parking my Hummer in her garage. Normally, I require at least a three car garage... if you know what I mean. Secondly, I allowed her to choose two impact toys that we would be using for tonight's scene. Rose had been spending time with her over the last two weeks in the playroom at Alice´s. She´d been training her with the various impact toys and working on her orgasm control. I would supervise some of these sessions by speakerphone and Rose always discussed her plans with me firsthand. And I was updated on progress, when my schedule didn´t permit me to participate. Rose was one hell of a Domme and I respected her as such. Anyone one who could tame my beast of a little brother into submission- damn well deserved my utmost respect. My pet was in good hands. Lastly, she would be wearing a mask in the VIP area, face forward, eyes cast downward and blindfolded in the playroom. The blindfold had been mutually agreed upon, by both parties. I don´t know what she did for a living, but I was a world renowned pediatric neurologist and I couldn´t afford to keep bad company. If this didn´t workout, then we both walk away without any baggage. I´m really not to worried about her being bad company, because my sister would never involve me in something like that. It just really ensured that if we did someday meet there would be no awkwardness of a failed relationship. As the elevator came to a stop on the tenth floor, my dick twitched, making my jeans slightly uncomfortable. It was almost as if it knew that she was near, so I let my dick lead the way. After all I am a man and blow jobs are not one of her hard limits. I quietly slipped into the lounge not wanting to draw any attention from unwanted admirers. I quickly made eye contact with Jasper and he nodded in the direction of the beautiful goddess standing to the right and slightly behind Alice. My breath caught at the sight before me, my body begin to hum. It was as if someone had flipped a switch or plugged me into an electrical outlet. I was being drawn into her. Like a moth to a flame. Fuck this is intense, my body moved of it´s own volition to claim what was now mine. I´d only felt this type of draw to one other person and she was now married to someone else. Maybe I can have my something more with her. I would make her mine in every way possible. Down boy... caveman much Cullen... just make it through the scene before you order the wedding invitations... I shook the fog from my head and put my game face on. She was looking sexy as hell in an Alice original no doubt. I took a moment do appraise her body from behind. I knew she was aware of my presence by the sudden change in her breathing. The black leather pleated skirt was barely covering her ass and that fucking tiny vest was barely able to contain her voluptuous breast. I couldn´t contain myself any longer, I had to touch her. My cock began to do a hula dance... complete with grass skirt . My fingers ghosted across the exposed skin of her abdomen. It felt like a smooth as the finest silk. Her breath hitched- causing my already painfully hard cock- to throb in protest. I leaned in and inhaled the mouthwatering strawberry scent of her silky dark brown tresses. Whispering in her ear, ¨good evening pussycat. I want you naked and waiting in the playroom in fifteen minute. Alice will assist you.¨ I wanted her to feel what her body was doing to me, so l discreetly lifted the back of her skirt. Fuck me! She´s wearing a thong, if it wouldn´t be considered rude, I would take a bite. Her smell was intoxicating... strawberries mixed with vanilla...mmmm... I ground my rock hard cock into her ass, while cupping her damp sex. Needing to taste her, I licked a wet trail from her shoulder to her neck. ¨Are you ready to play pussycat?¨ I questioned loud enough that only she would hear. ¨Yes Sir.¨ Came her soft reply. I gave Jazz a nod and he instructed Alice to get my pet ready. Without another word, I strode to the bar to get a drink, needing to settle my nerves. Looking down at my watch, ten minutes and twenty-eight seconds to go. Little did she know time started when the first words left my mouth, but Alice is an experienced submissive... she´s in good hands. I leave my empty glass on the bar and head to the play room... This should be interesting... WELL... *HIDING BEHIND THE SOFA* ... HOW´D I DO... THE TRUTH... GIVE IT TO ME STRAIGHT... I CAN TAKE IT... *CRINGING* ... I REALLY WANT TO KNOW WHAT YOU THINK OF THIS AND WITHOUT A REVIEW I JUST HAVE NO WAY OF KNOWING... SO IF YOU COULD KINDLY PUSH THE LITTLE BLUE BUTTON ... AND REVIEW! *PULLING OUT THE KETTLE ONE AND THE SHOT GLASSES* LATERZZZ :) KRAZI XOXOXO