you saw?" "Five." Charlie shook his head, frowning with anxiety. He finally spoke in a tone that allowed no argument. "No more hiking." "No problem," I promised fervently, in a small voice. Charlie called the station to report what I'd seen. I fudged a little bit about where exactly I'd seen the wolves—claiming I'd been on the trail that led to the north. I didn't want my dad to know how deep I'd gone into the forest against his wishes, and, more importantly, I didn't want anyone wandering near where Laurent might be searching for me. The thought of it made me feel sick. Sicker than I already felt. "Are you hungry?" he asked me when he hung up the phone. I shook my head, though I must have been starving. I hadn't eaten all day. I was sure my stomach couldn't digest anything, besides; I was too tired to eat. All I wanted was to lie down and rest. "Just tired," I told him. I turned for the stairs. "Hey," Charlie said his voice suddenly suspicious again. "Didn't you say Jacob was gone for the day?" "That's what Billy said," I told him, confused by his question. He studied my expression for a minute, and seemed satisfied with what he saw there. "Huh." "Why?" I asked, momentarily distracted. It sounded like he was implying that I'd been lying to him this morning. About something besides studying with Jessica. "Well, it's just that when I went to pick up Harry, I saw Jacob out in front of the store down there with some of his friends. I waved hi, but he… well, I guess I don't know if he saw me. I think maybe he was arguing with his friends. He looked strange, like he was upset about something. And… different. It's like you can watch that kid growing! He gets bigger every time I see him." "Billy said Jake and his friends were going up to Port Angeles to see some movies. They were probably just waiting for someone to meet them." "Oh." Charlie nodded and headed for the kitchen. I stood in the hall, thinking about Jacob arguing with his friends. I wondered if he had confronted Embry. I was glad he had. I paused to check the locks again, before I went to my room. It was a silly thing to do, what difference what locks make to any of the monsters I'd seen this afternoon. It would probably keep the wolves out, since it would take some time to figure out the locks. But if Laurent came here… Or… Victoria. I lay down on my bed, but I was shaking too hard to hope for sleep. I curled into a cramped ball under my quilt, and faced the horrifying facts. There was nothing I could do. There were no precautions I could take. There was no place I could hide. I couldn't get away no matter how hard I tried. Escape was inevitable. In my case, there was no way out. All roads to safety were blocked. The end would come soon. There was no one who could help me. I realized, with a nauseous roll of my stomach, that the situation was worse than even that. Because all those facts applied to Charlie, too. My father, sleeping one room away from me, was just a hairsbreadth off the heart of the target that was centred on me. My scent would lead them here, whether I was here or not. The tremors of fear rocked me until my teeth chattered. I was helpless. I would be a cadaver for sure. To calm myself, I fantasized the impossible: I imagined the big wolves catching up to Laurent in the woods and massacring the indestructible immortal the way they would any normal person. Despite the absurdity of such a vision, the idea comforted me. If the wolves got him, then he couldn't tell Victoria I was here all alone. If he didn't return, maybe she'd think the Cullens were still protecting me. If only the wolves could win such a fight… My good vampires were never coming back; but how soothing it was to imagine that the other kind could also disappear. It was only a wild fantasy. Such a thing could never happen. I couldn't delude myself about something which was so impossible. But I fervently hoped by some miracle that everything would be alright. At the same time, I was aware that it was just a false hope. How could I save my miserable life? How could I escape my predestined fate? Would Laurent or Victoria ever give up? How many more days would I have to live? How long would it take them to find me? Not very long. My scent, which was strong and mouth watering as every vampire who smelt it claimed, would easily lead them to me one way or another. I squeezed my eyes tight together and waited for unconsciousness—almost eager for my nightmare to start. Better that than the pale, beautiful face that smiled at me now from behind my lids. In my imagination, Victoria's eyes were black with thirst, bright with anticipation, and her lips curled back from her gleaming teeth in pleasure. Her red hair was brilliant as fire; it blew chaotically around her wild face. Laurent's words repeated in my head. If you knew what she had planned for you… Then, I heard wolves howling loudly. All of their faces looking at me menacingly. I was in the same situation as I was this afternoon. There was no way out. I was going to die soon. I pressed my fist against my mouth to keep from screaming. From now on, I was certain my nightmares were going to get worse, and this was just the beginning. The worst was yet to come. One thing I was sure of, there would be no distinction between my nightmares and the harsh reality. My life would be a living nightmare.