Tanya Denali made her way to the stage. "Hey everyone! We'll be announcing the prom court in about fifteen minutes. So, if you have not already voted, please do so quickly," she said into the microphone. The DJ began to play an upbeat song and Rose and Alice went crazy. "I love this song!" Alice yelled. Emmett and Jasper laughed and stepped back to let their girlfriends do their thing. I was getting read to join the duo when Edward placed a hand on my forearm. "Bella, can we talk for a minute?" "Um, sure," I said hesitantly. He led me out of one of the side doors of the gym and into the hallway. He doubled checked to make sure no one, particularly, the chaperons were lingering in the area. From the hall the lyrics to the music was muffled but the bass still vibrated through the linoleum flooring. I looked up from the tan floor when Edward took a deep breath. "I know you're probably confused right now and I'm sorry for that," he paused. "I like you, Bella. I'm realizing that I like you more than I thought possible and that has scared the hell of me the last few days. I had been through all that shit with Jessica and I just -" He stepped away from me and ran his hands through his hair. I couldn't even move or say anything. Was Edward really confessing his feelings for me right now? Did tonight mean the same thing to him that it did to me? Edward whirled back around and began speaking again. "You've always been there and I realize that now. I just needed time. Even though I've always cared about you and we've been friends for years, I wasn't ready to jump into another relationship so soon. God, you've probably been so annoyed with me," he said, almost growling when he said the last part. I fumbled with what to say for a moment. Edward was putting himself out there in a way I had yet to have the courage to do, so it was only fair that I open myself up as well. "More like worried that I was just a stand in. Scared that you'd change your mind and find someone better...prettier," I said looking at the floor again. "Bella," Edward began so low that I almost missed it over the music, "I'm an idiot for taking so long to see it, but there's no one more beautiful than you," he said. I couldn't say anything as I felt my cheeks blaze. He chuckled and lifted my chin so I was looking at him. "There's that blush I love so much. No more wasting time, okay?" "Okay," I said, my face breaking into a huge smile. "Can I take you on real date some time this week?" "Yes, but just so you know I enjoy naps and being tackled onto beds too," I said teasing him. His eyes seemed to darken and I realized the possible innuendo. Instead of lingering and risking the possibility of moving too quickly, Edward cleared his throat and laughed. "My mom would kill me if I didn't take you out on a proper date." I giggled at the image of Esme scolding him. "Bella, can I kiss you?" he asked, breaking me from my thoughts. "Yes," I said. With a burst of confidence I wrapped my arms his neck and pulled him towards me. He leaned down and pressed his lips softly against my own. As I began to move my lips against his, his hands pressed against the small of my back, pulling me in closer until there was no space between our bodies. I gasped out as Edward bite my bottom lip. That gave him the chance to tangle our tongues. My fingers ghosted up the base of his head and locked themselves in his soft locks. Right as a groan rumbled in the back of his throat, Tanya's voice reached our ears. "It's time to announce this year's prom court!" Edward groaned louder, this time in frustration, before he pulled away. I giggled at his adorable pout and slightly swollen lips. "Come on, lover boy," I said and pulled him back into the gym. Our friends with their perceptiveness must have drawn the right conclusion from our interlocked fingers when we rejoined them because Alice and Rosalie gave me a thumbs up and Emmett clapped Edward on the back, almost knocking him over. "First, we'll do prince and princess," Tanya said. The junior class cheered in response. "Your prince is...Edward Cullen!" I grinned when Edward playfully rolled his eyes at us. He let go of my hand as Emmett and Jasper pushed him towards the stage. We all laughed, probably too loud, as Em starting whooping like Edward had just won the presidential election of the United States. We laughed harder and I had to clutch my stomach as Tanya's "assistant" fought to keep the crowd on Edward's now unruly hair. It had been gelled down and perfect before we went into the hall. Alice seemed to realize that as she nudged me. "Shut up," I said with a giggle, my cheeks blazing. "Okay, now I'd like announce that your princess is…" she pulled a slip of paper from the envelope, "Alice Brandon!" Emmett whooped even louder before carrying Alice bridal style to the stage. He sat her down upright and bowed down. I could see her eye roll from our spot in the middle of the room. After Emmett and Rosalie were announced as king and queen, Edward sauntered over and escorted me out onto to floor for the traditional prom court spotlight dances. Jasper joined Alice and rolled his eyes at how giddy his girlfriend was to be wearing a tiara. "Tonight has been amazing," I said into Edward's ear. I grinned at the visible shiver that went down his back. "I'm glad you feel that way," he said pulling me closer.