leaving her in just a royal blue Cami. "Yes, it most certainly is." I nearly groaned. She smiled as she looked up shyly at me, "Edward, I'm so glad I ran into you again." "Me too." "You know, we never did get to finish what we started earlier." she said softly as her cheeks turned red. "No, we didn't did we?" I smiled as I leaned into her. Our kiss started out slow as we learned one another. But when I leaned in closer to her, my hand running up her bare leg right under the edge of her skirt she moaned softly into my mouth. The sound sent a shock wave through my system and I gripped her thigh tightly as I kissed her fiercely slowly pushing her onto her back. I had to break off our kiss as Bella was attempting to pull my shirt over my head. "To many clothes!" she gasped as she took off her top and threw the offending garment across the room "God, you are so beautiful." I murmured as I kissed down her neck, and across her shoulder. I let my hands slide up under the bottom of her Cami as I caressed her smooth stomach. Bella pulled my back up and into a heated kiss as I slowly inched the silky Cami up to expose her beautiful breasts to me. She gasped as my thumbs skimmed over her nipples and I caressed her breasts. "Oh Edward.." she moaned. "Yes my beautiful Bella?" I asked as I trailed my left hand down her side, and slid it up under her skirt. "Oh..." she gasped as I trailed my index finger along the the edge of her panties. I slowly raised up on my knees and pulled her panties off of her as she pushed down her skirt kicking it off to the side. She then sat up and eagerly helped me out of my pants and boxers. I quickly grabbed my wallet and pulled out the condom that Alice had jokingly given me the other day, because she had a feeling I was going to need it. She had laughed as she tapped her temple with her finger. Silly little pixie always did have a way of "just knowing" things. I attempted to put the condom on with shaking hands. Bella sat back up and gently helped me as she softly kissed my bare chest. Once we had it rolled on, I looked down at her to see her smiling at me. "Make love to me Edward." she breathed. I nearly groaned at those words. How many times had I dreamed of hearing her say those words to me? "With pleasure." I gently laid her back onto the floor as I hovered over her, and entered her slowly while I kissed her sensually. She brought her legs up, wrapping them around mine as we began to move together. She lifted her hips meeting me thrust for thrust, and I knew I wouldn't last long. It had been so long since I had been with a woman, and I'd had plenty of fantasies about making love to Bella Swan, but none of them could come close to this. "Oh God Edward!" she cried as I felt her reach her climax. She pulled me back down into a heated kiss and I tumbled over the edge right after her. I kissed her softly as I held her in my arms, "Stay right here love I'll be right back." I murmured. I quickly went into my bathroom and disposed of the condom. I, then, grabbed Bella a pair of my pajama pants, and a t shirt and I slipped on a pair of pants and t shirt as well. When I returned to the living room Bella had grabbed the pillows and blanket off the couch. She quickly put on the pajamas and we laid back down by the fire. I held her as we talked into the very early morning hours before falling asleep. The morning sun was shining through the windows when I was awakened by the sounds of my daughter's laughter and clapping. "Yay! Santa gave me my wish!" she cried. "Lex baby? What are you talking about?" I asked as Bella snuggled closer to me. "Santa gave me my wish!" she giggled, pointing at me. Bella sighed happily as she rolled over to face Lexie. "What's that sweetheart?" Bella asked sleepily. "Santa answered my wish! He gave me a new mommy!" Lexie cried as she ran over and wrapped her arms around Bella. I nearly groaned as I wrapped my arms around the both of them, and buried my face in Bella's hair. "Lexie honey..." I started but was cut off by the sounds of Bella's cell phone vibrating on the coffee table. "Oh crap! I forgot all about Victoria!" she answered. "Hello?" I could hear the woman screeching at Bella over the phone. "I know Victoria, I'm sorry but..." More screeching through the phone. "Yes ma'am, I understand but..." Again more screeching. Bella's face was growing redder by the seconds. "Well if you would shut up for a damned minute and let me say something I would explain to you what happened!" Bella snapped. "oooohhh...daddy, she gotta put a dollar in the swear jar!" Lexie giggled, causing me to chuckle. "No, I will not come up there today you can wait till Monday to get the files.' "What!" the banshee screeched again. "Yes ma'am my plans have changed. I'm spending Christmas with my new family." Bella said, before hitting the power off button on her phone. My heart leaped into my throat at her words. "You mean it Bella?" Lexie asked looking up at her. "Yes baby, as long as you and your daddy will have me." she said, biting her bottom lip and glancing at me. "Forever Bella, we want you forever." I murmured before kissing both of my girls. O Review for kisses under the mistletoe from Santaward.