went out to my balcony, it was a beautiful night, full moon and clear sky. As I was strumming my guitar, I tried to think of all the ways I could make my living in Forks more pleasant. I know that Rosalie a.k.a ice queen still lived there, and was with Emmett. He told me some kids moved there like two years ago and they were pretty cool. I rolled my eyes, I wouldn't bet on Emmett's definition of cool. He said they were brother and sister, also twins Allison and Edwin? I don't know, Emmett said the chick was Rosalie's new bff, so she was definitely a bitch. And Edmund was apparently his other best friend; I smiled Emmett is such an awesome guy, he's always smiling and seeing the good in people. Myself? I'm more of a snarky comments, sarcastic kind of person, and I have Rosalie to thank for that. 2:00 am, stupid box of condoms, stupid mom. Those were my last thoughts before I went to bed. " Baby you light up my world like nobody else" Ugh, fucking alarm, I thought that if I put something I hate as my wake up alarm, I'd wake up faster, so I could turn it off, but I only hate it even more. Grumbling, I got up and called my dad to help me out with the bags. Once everything was loaded on the back of dad's Mercedes, I was about to hop on when I heard a throat clear, I turn and raised an eyebrow to my mother, Renee Swan stuck up bitch extraordinaire. "What mother?" "Don't use that tone with me young lady, now, aren't you going to say goodbye to me?" She said in her snotty voice. I smirked, "and why would I do that Renee? You are, after all the reason why I'm leaving." "You brought this on yourself, and because I'm your mother, and I deserve some respect." She demanded. I nodded, "that you do, and that is the reason why I'm not flipping you the finger and telling to fuck off, goodbye mother, see you whenever" I turned back and got on the passenger side of the car. "dad, you coming?" I shouted, turning to see my father kissing my mother, ugh, disgusting. When he finally got into the car I remind him to drop by Charlotte's. We got to Charlotte's and I saw Peter parking behind us, he smiled sadly at me hugging me around the shoulders and guiding me to the house. "How're hangin' sweetheart?" stupid southern drawl. "Peter, you've been in L.A enough, drop the accent" I said, poking him in his hard stomach. Peter was a hot dude, around 6 ft and something, short brown hair, striking blue eyes and perfect for Char, who looked like she should be on the cover of a magazine instead of working behind a desk. Peter chuckled, "sorry hon, you know Char loves it" he winked. I flipped him off and opened the door to the house, we've been to each other's houses so much, its like our own. "Charlotte Sometimes! You get your ass down here this instant! It's not everyday your friend leaves town" I yelled, it was 6am, and I knew her parents were in Vegas, something about one their casinos having problems. "Hold your horse bitch, I'm in the kitchen." Yum, if Char was in the kitchen, it meant disaster. "Baby, remember what we talked about? You shouldn't be cooking" Peter said in a soothing voice, knowing not to piss Char too much. "Shut up Peter, I'm pulling the food out of the containers, asshole." And in true Charlotte fashion, she was in the kitchen, already dressed, and serving the food the no doubly bought from her favorite dinner. She walked over to us, hitting Pete's head and hugging me to death. "I still can't believe you're leaving". "Tell me about it, I don't know what I'm gonna do without you guys" I said. "You'll do what you always do, be the annoying gal you have always been" Peter said from the fridge, getting juice out and pushing out plates. We sat down and started eating. "Yeah, but without you, it'll be different… Remember when we got suspended for releasing those pigs on the school?" I said. "That was epic shit" Peter said laughing, "best senior prank ever!". I frowned, "I hadn't even thought of that! I'll miss the senior prank!" Char patted my back, "relax, we'll do one, when you get here, I promise." That made me grin. A ring brought me out of my musing, I answered my phone, "what's up dad?" "start saying goodbye Izzy, you're gonna miss the plane." "Oh, we wouldn't want that right? That would be tragedy!" "Yeah sarcastic one, hurry." I hung up, "I have to get going… Walk me out?" I turned to my best guys, who were there for me for every prank and punishment. "Like you even have to ask" Char said, hugging me from the side, Peter opened the door and yanked me out of Char's grip. "I'm gonna miss you so bad, remember, have fun, and deny everything, I want calls and texts every day, and so help me God, if you do something bad, I wanna know about it, got it?" I nodded. "Good, now make the best of everything, see you soon, love you." I hugged him hard, and turned to Char, who already had tears on her own. "You promise to call every day?" I nodded. "And to send me pics of any hot guy" I nodded, despite Pete's grumbling. "Don't you dare forget about us ok? I'll go to spoons and kill you myself" She said hugging me, and whispering in my ear "go show those bitches the awesome person you are, I love you". I sniffed and let go of her. "Bye guys, talk to you soon!" I blew kisses at them, getting into my dad's car. Forks. Here I go.