want to make a habit of it? Twice is hardly 'habit' , my inner voice reminded me. And after six months, one more time will certainly not hurt at all. Grneyeddoc1981: I'll be here BellaNova: so will I… look forward to it. I'll be nice and wet, waiting for you Grneyeddoc1981: mmm I'll make you come even harder BellaNova: you promise? Grneyeddoc1981: guarantee it BellaNova: ohhhhhh… good night, Doc Grneyeddoc1981: good night, Bella… I closed the chat screen and logged off for the night, but I didn't make an immediate movement to go to bed. I lit another cigarette, swiveling back and forth in my chair, deep in thought. I'd just had the most amazing sexual experience of my life with a complete stranger. I had never felt more gratified than I did at that moment; thoroughly spent. The way she spoke, the way I spoke… and I enjoyed it. It flowed out of me so naturally, as if I had been doing it forever; when before that night, I could not talk that way to save my life. Maybe it was because she wasn't right in front of me, staring me in the face. I could be that free and open over a computer in a way I never could in real life. It was invigorating. I snubbed out my cigarette and flipped the living room light switch, walking into my bedroom and quickly falling asleep. Before I knew it, my alarm was going off and I had to get up once again. Yet, for once, I didn't feel drained the way I usually did. I felt relaxed and rested. Maybe these late night encounters could be a good thing. As I washed up and shaved for work, I made a mental note to thank Emmett when I went in that morning. As I walked into the ER less than an hour later, I immediately spotted Emmett and his jaw fell open. He quickly made his way over and followed me into the doctor's lounge. "You got laid! Was it that cutie from Admitting? Oh, it was Jessica from triage wasn't it? Nice, man." "No… no… and no," I answered casually as I shrugged off my jacket to hang it in my locker and pulled out my white coat, immediately dismissing the notion of thanking him. "So, busy morning so far?" "Oh, hell no, Doc. You're gonna spill the beans," Emmett replied, shaking his head adamantly and resting on the table in the middle of the lounge. "Well, it appears that someone left a certain piece of paper in my scrub shirt yesterday that I happened to find when I dug out my smokes last night," I replied, shooting a glare over at him and then reaching back into my locker for my stethoscope. "Holy shit! You actually went to that site? I thought you'd blow it off like everything else. Dude, I'm impressed. The boy has become a man !" Emmett announced in a boisterous voice. "Tact, Emmett. Look it up," I growled as I closed the locker door roughly. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to make my rounds." I walked by him quickly and made my way to the board, seeing that for once the University of Chicago Medical Center Emergency Room was not as slammed as I had hoped. Not only would it give Emmett ample opportunity to grill me about the night before, but it also meant that the next twelve hours were going to drag until I could go home and get online again. I could not believe that I was actually looking forward to what equated to a little more than jerking off to a computer. Not that my sex life had been spectacular beforehand – far from it. And certainly nothing as mind-blowing as the preceding night had been. I had to do it again; to make sure it was not just a fluke, a one-time thing. "Come on, what was she like? Did you see her?" Emmett began again from behind me as I grabbed one of the charts. I rolled my eyes and shook my head, refusing to look at him. "I am not discussing this right now, Emmett," I replied in a disinterested voice, as I looked over the chart. "We are at work or have you not noticed that. I have patients to see, and that woman right there needs to be taken down to radiology." He let out a gust of air as I slapped the chart against his chest and walked past him to one of the exam rooms. I needed to get my day started with as little thought as possible to the woman who rocked my foundations the previous night. I seriously thought that the end of my day would never come, until about three hours before my shift was due to end and a six-car pile-up on the icy freeway swarmed the ER. We were fortunate that there weren't any life threatening injuries, but many that required extensive treatment. So that by the time I finally walked out of there an hour late at seven, I was really in need of a shower and a drink. And there I sat at my desk, declining several chat requests… waiting for her . 8:55 8:56 8:57 Time is such a cruel thing. 8:58 8:59 9:00 I let out a long sigh and shook my head. I would give her a few more minutes. Maybe she got caught up in something or stuck in traffic. 9:05 Why did I feel like a pathetic loser, sitting around waiting for a woman I'd never met? 9:15 I finished off my beer and snubbed out my smoke, turning off my desk lamp. She wasn't showing up. And just as I was about to close the screen, I heard a familiar ring. BellaNova: Are you there? Like it? Hate it? Please let me know, I'm anxious to hear your thoughts and whether I should continue this. Please review.