to account for was that it was January in the UK, so of course, it rained the whole day. We ended up soaked through by midday and decided to head home before we both caught pneumonia." The host in the studio chuckled at the story, along with everyone in the Cullen home. "Only Edward would plan an outdoor date in the middle of January," Garrett snorted. He remembered the day clearly, watching Isabella and Edward run into the apartment, drenched. They spent the rest of their day curled up together on the living room sofa watching Buffy The Vampire Slayer reruns. " So, have you started making wedding plans yet? Do you have a date in mind?" Isabella smiled patiently. She and Edward had been making plans since the morning they woke up together, wrapped around each other, as an engaged couple. But she was not about to share that with the rest of the world. " Not yet. We've only just been able to tell our families and friends about the engagement and we really want their input so we've held off on planning until they can contribute." The host nodded his head in understanding while Esme's face broke into the most illuminating smile. "I already have so many ideas. Isabella is going to make the most beautiful bride in history." " If you can't share any details, at least tell us this. . . Are you nervous about the occasion, Edward? Marrying into the royal family is a big deal and your wedding will be televised live around the world. That has to be scary." Edward had been expecting this question and he had the perfect answer to give. It came straight from his heart. "I am nervous. I've already had nightmares about doing something stupid and embarrassing myself in front of the entire world. However, I could not be more ready to make this remarkable woman my wife." Edward and Isabella lost themselves in each other again and the host decided it was time to wrap things up. " Okay, before we let you guys go, I want to have a little fun with you. My team and I have been writing out some questions to test how well you know each other." Isabella and Edward shared a smug look. They knew more about each other than anyone else ever would. " First question, do you know each other's full names and titles?" The host raised an eyebrow in Edward's direction. This would be a much harder question for him than it would be for Isabella. "I'm a bad mother-in-law. I don't know Isabella's full title." Esme looked horrified but her comfort came from the most unusual source. C.J snorted before turning to face her. "Don't worry Mrs C. I'm her brother and even I don't know her full title. Hell, I don't even know my full title." James and C.J laughed while Charles rolled his eyes at his two boys. "Please learn them in case you are ever asked." Back on screen the host asked Isabella for her answer first and she was incredibly confident as she gave it. " My Fiancé is Doctor Edward, Anthony, Cullen." The host nodded his head in agreement, his research team having confirmed this for him. " And you, Edward. Do you know Isabella's full title?" The host wore a smirk across his face, convinced he would slip up here. " I do indeed. She told it to me when we first met and I have made sure to never forget it." Edward turned to Isabella and took both of her hands into his. "My Fiancée is, Her Royal Highness, The Great Stewardess and Princess Isabella Maria Elizabeth Renee Buckingham- Cisne de Borbon of Scotland, Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Chester, Duchess of Rothesay, Countess of Carrick, Baroness of Renfrew, Lady of the Isles, Princess of Wales." The host wasn't the only person who looked shocked at Edward's words. Esme could sense the entire nation were sitting in front of their television screens with their mouths hanging open, much the same way hers was right now. The only person who didn't seemed shocked by Edward's answer was Isabella. " Wow… that is impressive, Edward, even my research team didn't have all of those down. Um," The host paused, clearing his thoughts a little. He clearly hadn't expected Edward to know all of that and it had thrown him off of his game. " Next question, who does the housework and the cooking in your relationship?" Both parties laughed a little because they knew the answer would be a surprise. " I do all of the cooking, Edward has only mastered his mother's spaghetti Bolognese recipe." Isabella gave her partner a coy smile but continued her answer. "Edward does most of the housework. He would never admit to it, but he is a neat freak. Everything has to be just so and if it isn't, then he will start all over again. I leave him to vacuum and dust, because he puts everything back exactly where it was before - but I do the washing and gardening." " Most people would assume you had someone to do all of that for you." Esme scoffed at the television screen. "Don't look so surprised. We raised our kids well." Alice and Rosalie bit their tongues to hold in their laughter but C.J and Jamie didn't bother. They let out loud, belly laughs at Esme's comment. "Don't ever change, Mrs C." I will add images for this outtake to my blog as soon as it has been posted. Thank you all so much for reading and reviewing. I love hearing everything you guys have to say. And an extra special thanks to those of you who donated to the Fandom For Mexico. If you are on twitter, feel free to come and say hi, I am kymbersmith90 there. Enjoy the rest of your week and I will see you next week for chapter 13.