I see." A voice said making me jump. Jasper stood near the window, leaning against the wall, he had a smug smile on his face. My eyes must of turned neon blue, because he growled and his eyes turned black. I pounced off the bed and ran into Jaspers arms. He purred. "I've missed you." I nearly broke down crying. "I have missed you too, ma'ma." he leaned down kissing the mating mark. I shivered. "Rough day." He asked. I nodded. "You could say that." I mumbled. "It's okay, Rose and Em have told me everything. Don't worry love, I'll protect you." Bella POV "What is a Volturi?" I demanded. "The Volturi are a family," my Edward explained. "A very old, very powerful family of our kind. They are the closest thing to out world has to be a royal family, I suppose. Carlisle lived with them briefly in his early years, in Italy, before he settled in America - do you remember the story?" Edward asked me. "Of course I remember." I couldn't forget the first time I came to his home, a huge white house buried deep in the forest beside the river, or the room where Carlisle - Edward's father in so many real ways - kept a wall of paintings that illustrated his personal history. I remember the calm quartet of men, each with the exqusite face of a seraph, painted into the highest balcony overlooking the swirling mayhem of colours. "Anyways, you don't irritate the Volturi. Not unless you want to die - or whatever it is we do." His voice was calm, it made him sound almost bored by the prospect. My anger turned to horror. I took his face between my hands and held it very tight. "You must never think that every again!" I said. "No matter what Nicole did to me, your not aloud to hurt yourself!" "I will never put yoou in danger, like your sister did. It's her fault if the Volturi come after us. It's her fault she had put her own sister in danger. Stupied child." he hissed. "Edward, I can't forgive her." I cried. "She's a danger to us, banshee's are monsters, not you or your family." Edward pressed his cold lips to my head, I leaned into his touch. He took my hand, and lead me to the living room. They were all waiting when I walked through the door, they greeted me with a loud chours of 'happy birthday, Bella!' I blushed and looked at the floor. Alice, had covered every flat surface with purple candles and crystal bowles filled with roses. Carlisle and Esme hugged me carefully. "Sorry about this Bella. We couldn't rein Alice in." Carlisle whispered. Rosalie and Emmett stood next to Jasper and her. Why did she have to be here and ruin my day. It's my birthday. Rosalie stood there glaring at me, Emmett had a smile on his face. "You havn't changed at all. I expected a few wrinkles and a couple of gray hairs by now." Emmett said with a mock off disapointment. "Thanks alot Emmett," I said. Alice let go of Adam's hand and skipped forward. Adam smiled too, but he kept his distance. "Time to open presents," Alice declared. "Alice, I know I told you I don't want anything-" "But I didn't listen," she interrupted smug. "Open it." Alice took the camera from my hands and replaced it with a big silver square box. The box was so light that it felt empty. The tag on the top said it was from Rosalie and Emmett and Adam. Self consciously, I tore the paper off and then stared at the box, it concealed. It was something electrical, with lots of numbers in the name. The box was empty. "It's a sterio for yours and Nickie's truck." Adam told me. "Emmett's installing it now so you can't return it." "Hay, don't hate the truck." I said. But my anger was towards her. It's my day. I faked smiled. "Thanks." "Open mine and then Edwards," Alice said so excited. I took the light package, rolling my eyes at Edward while I stuck my finger under the edge of the paper and jerked it under the tape. I hissed, when the paper sliced my finger; pulling it out to examine the damage. "Papercut." I muttered. It all happened so fast. Edward threw himself at me, flinging me back across the table. I landed in the mess of shattered crystal. "No!" Jasper roared. I looked up quickly as Alice grabbed hold of Nicole and cut her arm with her nails. Blood trickled down her arms. Alice pushed Nicole forward as Adam grabbed hold of her and bit her arm. Carlisle and Emmett tried to get Adam off her, as Rosalie and Esme tried to pull Nicole out of his grip. Edward had old of Jasper, there was another noise that spread fear through my body, a grisly roar came from Jaspers chest. The Major. Alice told me this wouldn't happen. We'd had it all worked out. "Emmett, Rose get Adam out." Carlisle ordered. Unsmiling for once, Emmett nodded. "Come'on Adam." "I'm so sorry." Adam apologised. I watched in shock as Esme held that bitch in her arms. They are supposed to take care of me. I'm more hurt than her, I'm the important one, she can bleed to death. Edward and Alice were by my side. "Are you happy now?" Jasper shouted, lifting her into his arms. Her body slouched like she was dead. "Bella is hurt." Edward told him. "So is mine. We all saw what Alice did." Jasper glared at Alice making her wimper. "Edward we are supposed to protect her. If the Volturi find out, we are all good as dead, you know the law." "Darm the law. Fuck the Volturi. Bella, love, honey, let's get you cleaned up." Edward said in a gentle voice. What they don't know that Jane and Demetri saw the whole thing.