how cold his body was. He had his back turned to me, he was leaning on his knees, his back hunched, face first in the mans neck. The mans eyes stared into my soul, his eyes flickered every couple of seconds. The mans mouth was open, filled with his own blood as I heard the blood gurgle in his throat. Reaching to my gun belt, I slowly pulled out my Beretta 92FS, drawing it close to my face with my elbows bent and locked together, my fingers bent tightly locked on the trigger. The cold rain poured down more heavier nipping my skin, thick strands of my long dark hair sticking to the sides of my face, even over my eyelashes. Another flash of light filled the sky, followed by a massive bang of thunder that shook the ground. The immortal child lifted his head up from the dead mans neck, staring down the other end of the alley-way. He hissed with rage, his back arched, ready to attack. I squinted my eyes looking in the immortal child's direction. I couldn't see anything, only the flicker of light from the street lamp. The immortal child's eyes never left the area, he growled and spat, his venom wasn't a thin liquid, it was thick and slimy as it dripped from his chin. The concrete floor was lifted up with his nails as he scraped then across the floor in anger. I jumped in fright as I heard a monstrous growl, my heart hammering in my chest. My eyes widened as I saw a shadow of a man coming towards the end of the alley-way. A man is not what I call him. The street light flickered more fast, as the full moon broke through the clouds lightening up the alley-way. The mans body shape changed, his bones popping out of their own sockets, and his bones taking on a new shape. I heard every bone crack, his shoulders becoming wider, more sharper, his fingers slowly changing shape into long claws. I watched in horror as his legs grew more longer, animal like, muscles flexed with each stride. The immortal child hissed with rage, his body shook backing away by a couple of steps. I watched with my own eyes wide as the creature stopped at the end of the alley-way. shit. Children of the moon. In my five years of hunting, I've never came across one of them, I have only heard stories from Jacob and Sam. They are more vicious out for blood. I've heard they can't control their rage, killing anyone or anything in sight. This werewolf or lycan wasn't like the werewolves I have hunted, this werewolf looks more like the very first immortal lycan I have seen in pictures. I remember the Elders telling stories, that one of the Volturi leaders had a twin brother, but they were separated after birth. Growing up to hate each other. The stories goes, one child was half lycan half human and the other was human, that the lycan fell in love with a kings daughter who was carrying a half bread child. The lycan was forced to watch her die by the hands of the lycan's brother, and ripped the unborn child from her womb. Hearing the story broke my heart, I felt depressed for days. The immortal child hissed, he crouched, slowly making his way towards the lycan. He crawled like the Grudge. The lycan calmly made his way towards the immortal child. I had to admit, I was frightened to death, my hands were shaking as I held my Beretta 92FS. The immortal child ran at his full speed towards the lycan, he seemed to be ralaxed. His blue eyes never leaving the immortal child. The immortal child jumped high in the air, his arms drawn back, his hands shaped into a claw. It was like watching a live action movie in 3D in slow motion. The lycan jumped from his back legs, his mouth wide open showing his sharp teeth. Their bodies twisted sideways in the air, as the lycan's mouth came close to the immortal child's shoulder. I watched as the lycan's mouth clamp shut, like an alligator's mouth. I heard the lycan's teeth pierce the immortal child's shoulder, it sounded like stepping on a broken mirror, rocking your feet back and forth. I heard the immortal child scream, street lamps blew up, orange sparks dropping down on the ground. They both landed on the floor with a thud. The lycan growled loudly as his teeth buried deep into the immortal child's shoulder, his blue eyes found mine. The lycan used his claws, digging into the immortal child's arms, ripping them away from his body. Followed by it's head what was in the lycan's mouth. The lycan growled at me. My breath hitched. I heard bones cracking, there stood naked a God. His chest full of muscle, nice sculpt with dark body hair. His hair was long, dark brown, matching his eyes. I wanted to continue to look, but I knew I needed to get away. "Hello love." He spoke, his voice rugged. I shivered and gulped, as he took a step forward. I moved away slowly from the man. He stepped closer again with a smile on his face. I put my hands up in surrender, still holding the gun. He stopped and stared. I continued to move backwards more fast, then I sprinted for my life. "So love, the chase is on. Ohhh, how I love games my little mate." He shouted, his voice sounded playful. Mate. What did he mean by mate. I shook my head, and continued to run towards Forks high school, not looking back. I could feel him close to me, but I couldn't hear his foot steps. I ran around the corner, I stared in shock, as I saw Sam and Jacob with the pack all in human form and fully clothed. "Where the fuck were you." I snapped.