eye I saw Sasha sucking on a spoon looking at me in interest. "I'm just sick, I went to the doctor yesterday and I have pneumonia ." He said and sneezed. I felt bad for him, pneumonia seemed like some serious shit. "Well you don't want me to come over and take care of you or something?" I asked him, just offereing. I wanted him to feel better. "No, no that's alright-my mom's coming over and it won't be pretty." He mumbled and I smiled. Even when he's sick he's still pretty funny. "Ok, I'll talk to you later." I told him. "Later." I hung up and sighed. Sasha came and sat next to me and I instantly got up. I rolled my eyes. "C'mon your still ignoring me?" He asked furious. "I'm sorry ok?" I didn't say anything to him, infact I didn't even look over at him. I just walked away like I didn't hear anything. I decided to surprise Matt though. I looked up pneumonia, you could seruously die from this shit. And I really didn't know what I'd do without Matt. I loved him so much, I was just in love. He was one of my best friend and that was a very important thing to me. I made some of my best chicken soup, I've been kinda famous for it. Well only from Lena and my dad, but you get the drift. I left Sasha on the couch and went to Matt's house. I knocked on his door and waited with the soup in my hand. My hand rested on the door knob and it clicked. I turned the knob and the door opened. I walked in the house, closing the door behind me. I heard sounds coming from rooms. They were muffled and did sound like pain. Was he in that much amunt of pain? I quickly followed and the sounds that led to the bedroom. And I wished I never did. I felt my heart pop, and tears swelled in my eyes. I felt my knees weakend and my vision blurred. Matt was fucking another bitch. "You motherfucker!" I yelled and they both jumped. "Holy sh-" Matt yelled and started covering up the other girl. She looked at me in bewilderment. Matt knew he saw death in his eyes. "It's not what it looks like!" That fucking line, really. That motherfucking line? Tears were violently coming down my face and I was shaking, I covered my mouth with the open hand. "You bastard, you were really sick!" I yelled and threw the hot soup at him and heard both of them yell in pain. But I wasn't there to see them because I was out of that house. I cried myself to my apartment. When I got to the door I couldn't even open the door, moving was too painful. I was still balling the idiotic tears. When I succeeded in opening the door I moved to the couch. I heard a girl's moaning stop. Fuck. Fuck no. I didn't care that the girl stopped moaning and they were going to see me a wreck. I just stood by the island my hands on the counter and I stared as they walked out. "Uh, Sasha who's this?" the girl number-I-don't-give-a-fuck said, cluelessly. "Are you really going to sleep with me and have a girlfriend?" "She's not my girlfriend," he said looking at me, "she's my cousin. She's visting for the weekend." "Oh, I'm sorry," she said and looked at me, "are you ok?" Do I look ok to you, bitch? "Yeah, im fine." I probably looked like shit, my mascara running and hair a mess, god. "Uh, Janice why don't I walk you out?" Sasha said. "Janice" nodded and he waked her to the door. "I'll call you later." he said even though we both know that, that'll never happen. I heard the door close, and I cried harder. It sounded like when I slammed the door at Matt's house. Sasha saw me crying and instantly walked over to me. He brought me into his arms and I cried harder and harder. "You want to tell me what the fucker did?" He mumbled into my hair. "He-he-he-...fucked a-another girl." I hiccuped still in his embrace. Sasha put his head on mine and rubbed my back. "Well you know what?" I pulled away from him and took my head into his hands, and said, "Fuck him." Right then and in there I looked him and I was hooked. His eyes, his skin, his nose, his lips. I felt the hunger from my depair and saddness come out. I needed him right now. I kissed him passionately. He pulled away from me and looked at him confused and shamed. "No." He said, pulling me away, my arms still in his hands. "Why?" I asked him, brokenly. "Becasue, your-your my roommate...my friend. I can't take advantage of you, not when your like..this." He told me, his eyes genuine. I looked at him, finally seeing a different nature of him. Some type of Sasha that I didn't know was real at all, and with that... My lips met his. My tongue flicked against his, eager to return his attentions, my slender fingers pulling at his hair as I molded myself against him, wanting contact with every inch of his body. My breathing came out raggedly as he kissed down my neck leaving little marks here and there on my skin. I pulled at his clothes and he allowed me to pull his shirt over his head and press his lips to mine. He reached behind my back pulled my shirt over my head and unclasped my bra. Once the black lace was out of the way, Sasha kissed and sucked on my breasts while I writhed in pleasure beneath him I've had never been touched like that before. And at this time there was no turning around, from no until on Sasha Hibbert became my fuck buddy.