He wasn't interested in the type of commitment an actual relationship would require and he was far too sensitive to think that he could submit to anything more casual and not feel some type of regret afterwards. He was never opposed to friendship, but for the past four years it had been nearly impossible to find a girl that would be satisfied with just that. "Hey, either of you want a soda? The machine spit out an extra one." Bella sat a Coke down on the table between them and proceeded to take the seat across from Alice. "Go for it Edward, you know how caffeine and me don't mix." Alice laughed nudging the drink in her brother's direction. "Hmm?" he wondered looking up in confusion. He'd completely missed Bella's arrival and the fact that there was some sort of conversation underway. "I'm surprised you're not done yet." Bella smiled pleasantly when she saw the color on his cheeks, having been surprised by her presence. He hesitated for a moment to regain his composure, not wanting to sound like an idiot. It was obvious that she'd noticed the book he was reading once again. "I umm, I haven't had a lot of free time…lately." He flipped the novel closed and set it aside so that he could pay better attention to his surroundings. He'd rather concentrate on eating his lunch without the book anyway. True enough, he was enjoying the story but it was little more than a convenient way to avoid unwanted conversation right now. With Alice and Bella around it was probably safe to do without the prop for at least a few minutes. Besides, Bella seemed like a nice girl—a good friend in the making for his little sister. He should probably avoid anything that would make him seem rude when she was around—for Alice's sake, of course. He soon found that though he was trying to pay attention now, his mind was busy attempting to wander back towards his previous thoughts without his permission. When he'd looked up a second time he noticed that Bella was busy dissecting her taco salad even though she was still going on about what a good book he was reading. And that was all it had taken. "Well, you need to hurry up. Nobody around here has even heard of that book, much less read it, and I can't wait to talk to someone who has." Her enthusiasm was genuine and Edward found himself smiling and asking if she'd been able to get the sequel yet. "No." She's adorable when she pouts that way , he thought. "Oh hey, we could totally stop by the bookstore on our way to the mall." She immediately suggested to Alice, who was smiling despite herself. "Would you like to come with us?" Edward knew that the offer had come as an afterthought, Bella obviously not wanting to seem rude by excluding him. Still his heart unexpectedly jumped at the idea—something he never would have expected. He realized then that Bella was a nice girl, and even better, she didn't really seem interested in him in the usual way. She was the first girl he'd actually felt some need to converse with in quite a while, so perhaps if he was friendly towards her then other girls might assume that he was off the market…but then again this was Bella. She wasn't someone he could use, no matter how innocent his intentions may be. And suppose she got the wrong impression. Would she be mad at him? Would she take it out on Alice? Start spreading rumors? No, it wasn't worth the risk. Bella was completely out of the question. She was likely to become a good friend to his sister, but the more awkward problem in his mind was her elevated status. She was the mayor's daughter after all. Still … Edward glanced over at Alice trying to gage what his answer should be. She shrugged slightly but with a grin that told him it was perfectly fine if he wanted to tag along. He sort of wanted to go, but in the end he thought better of it. There was very little he could offer someone like Bella, even if he was interested. Which I'm not , he quickly convinced himself. "Nah, I've got some stuff to do this afternoon. And Alice has seriously been deprived of her girl time lately; wouldn't want to intrude on that." Bella let him off the hook without a fight and went on to ask Alice about the assignment their English teacher had been discussing the day before. Edward was glad for the change of subject and hurried through the rest of his food. "I'm gonna go." he smiled after a while, taking his things and the soda that both Alice and Bella had encouraged him to have after it had sat unopened for the better part of their lunch period. He really hadn't meant to encroach on any of Alice and Bella's time together so he was determined to leave them alone now that he'd eaten and managed to gain a much better outlook on the day. Talking with Bella and Alice had been just what he'd needed. He realized now that he needed to stop feeling sorry for himself and find a few friends, someone worthy of talking to, maybe even a few people to hang out with. There was that guy Ben in his Trig class…maybe he'd say hi to him again today. He seemed like a nice, normal sort of person. And his girlfriend, Angela; he wondered if Alice had met her yet. She reminded him a little bit of Bella, only not as talkative. She seemed nice though, just not as pretty… Edward stopped and shook his head. He was going to have to be careful around Bella. She was just the type of girl he could find himself being interested in, and the type of girl he could never have.