and turn off any lights while Alice waits by the door downstairs. I stop in the kitchen to grab a few snacks and a couple waters. I don't really have much of a plan other than to leave this house, Sam, and every bad memory behind. I head over to the door and pick up my Chap Stick and wallet. Since I can't risk him finding me, I'm not taking my beat up truck. The only key I need is the one to my father's house, even though I can't go there right now. Finally, I'm ready to go. Taking a deep breath, I follow Alice to her car and get in. I pray that Sam doesn't notice this car if he happens to get off early. It's noon, so it's possible he could come home for lunch, but I don't give a rat's ass anymore. He can make his own damn meals. I duck down as we pass the auto shop on the way out of town. Once we're in the clear, Alice taps my back. We make it to this dingy motel just outside of Seattle and Alice says she can stay for as long as I want her to. "Ali, I can't ask you to stay. You have a husband now—" Alice interrupts, "But I just got you back, Bella. I don't want to lose you again." Her eyes fill with tears that are dangerously close to spilling over. "I know, Ali, but I just can't. As soon as I get a new phone, I'll call you. But it has to be this way right now. You have a life with Jasper, one that I don't want to put a strain on. Getting me out was the only thing I can ask of you, and that was hard enough." She wipes the tears that have fallen onto her cheeks and nods. "Okay, but the second you get a new phone, a throw away one or not, you call me. If I can't physically help you anymore, that doesn't mean that I can't support and encourage you," she says, pointing a finger at me. She's still the same and I love her for it. We spend a couple more hours talking and catching up before she really has to leave. She had sent a text to Jasper earlier, telling him what was going on and that she'd be home late. He said that whatever needed to be done he and Alice would be there, no questions asked. That started a whole new round of tears and apologies from me. Around ten-thirty there's a knock at my door. Startled, I get up to see who it is. Looking through the peephole, I see the one person who has done so much damage to me. How is this possible? How did he find me? Am I seeing things? I blink and go to look again when the knocking turns to pounding. I jump back, scared out of my mind by what could happen when he finds his way in. I'm a shaking mess and throwing anything that was out of my bag back in it. He's now pounding and kicking the door and yelling for me to open it. I have no way out of this. A six-foot-four, muscular Native American mechanic is currently blocking the only exit. By the time I realize I can hide in the bathroom or under the bed, even though neither will do any good, the door gets kicked open. I drop to the floor immediately. "How dare you leave me, you worthless piece of shit! You didn't think I would find you?" Sam yells as he stalks towards me. The bed may be between us, but he's so big it's barely a hindrance. I start to plead with him, begging him not to hit me. "Sam, I'm—" I don't get to finish before he slaps my face. I guess he doesn't care anymore. One hand grabs me by my hair while the other grips my upper arm. He picks me up, tosses me onto the bed, and proceeds to punch me in the stomach. He continues to hit me and then I'm on the floor again, getting kicked. I don't know how many minutes pass. I'm close to blacking out, when I hear someone yell out, "Hey!" All of a sudden Sam's no longer there. I hear a rustling of clothes, a groan, and then some grunts followed by a crash. Then there's only silence. Well, as silent as possible with the sounds of heavy breathing and my cries. I hear a man's voice that does not belong to Sam. I start to cry harder, because I hope someone saved me. I feel fingers on my face. The touch is feather light, yet it hurts. I open my eyes as best as I can, but I can't see him well. All I can see is a blurry image of his face. "Hold on, okay? I'm going to get you out of here. My name is Edward. You're safe now," the stranger soothes. He scopes me up in his arms as gently as he can and starts walking. The cold air hurts, but feels good on my injuries at the same time. Then I hear him hiss, "Fuck!" He picks up his pace and I hear some footsteps behind us. It sounds like more than one person, but I could be hearing both his and another set. Is he running from someone? Who is this man and why is he helping me? Should I trust him? I hear a car door and feel the cushion of the seat. The door closes and then another opens and closes. "Don't worry, but hold on. I have to floor it. We'll get out alive, I promise." A/N: If you would like to keep track of this fic or any others I may be working on (including possible update delays, teasers, or whatever else) you can friend/follow me: /LadyHazelK