vein of fresh blood wove its way through the rocks and glass, only to vanish in the swift current. "Jess?" A pained yet sweet voice gasped in disbelief from somewhere in the darkness. Slowly, the faint outline of the most beautiful face I'd ever seen appeared from between two trees. "It is you," she whispered in anguish. A cough gurgled from behind me and the vein of blood grew broader. "Save her—for me." The voice was weak, desperate, but somehow familiar. Agony distorted the angel's eyes as she started to back away. "Please, I know you can—" a choked gasp stole her voice, "Izzy's all I have." An arm reached toward her but splashed lifelessly into the water. "Izzy?" The angelic face moved closer. "Izzy?" Someone's hand gently touched my shoulder. The image vanished with a jolt. I clutched a rock on the bank of the creek and launched myself through the water, sliding up the far bank to the base of a fallen tree. The two vampires stepped back as I turned to face them, cowering in the muck. I was confused, somewhere between the dream and the two intruders. "Jess?" I mumbled. They exchanged a worried glance. The male had a firm grip on the female's shoulder, but she knelt down and cautiously extended her hand toward me. "Izzy, it's me." I recoiled back against the fallen tree, grasping at the fleeting dream, but it was too late. "Melanie? Nathan?" I puzzled, staring up into their faces. "Yes," Melanie replied, relief obvious in her voice. Nathan started to step between us, a defensive posture, but she put her arm out to stop him. His muscles tensed in opposition, but he conceded. "It's been months, what are you doing way out here?" "I think something happened." "You think?" Nathan questioned. "How long—I mean what day is it?" "I'm not sure," Melanie said, "we don't really keep track." "Yeah, sure, right, I remember." I tried to recall what happened, why I was here, but my mind was mush. "The others, are they alright?" "Yes, everyone's fine. We've been helping them look for you. Elizabeth's been worried sick, and Tink, he's been saying it's all his fault." "Then they know?" Nathan's fingers tightened on Melanie's shoulder. Melanie avoided the question with one of her own. "Are you alright?" "I'm not sure." I slowly got up and stepped across the creek and then knelt down in front of her. "I've missed you, both of you." I glanced up at Nathan. Melanie and Nathan were part of Benjamin and Elizabeth's family, my family, but chose to spend most of their time alone—well just the two of them. They were the most recent to bond. The companionship of familiar faces helped push my demon further from my thoughts. I felt cautiously in control again, and then I realized what I must look like. "Our cabin is just over the next ridge," Melanie said, "I'm sure I have something you can wear." She pointed to her left. "There's a deep pool about half a mile up stream, you can bathe there." She paused, then added, "Do you want me to stay with you?" I got up slowly, still aware of Nathan's uneasiness. "No, that's not necessary." Melanie stood and Nathan slipped his arm around her waist. "We'll see you at the cabin then, we can catch up." "I'd like that." They retreated a few steps before turning and disappearing into the woods. I mentally marked their direction although I could have just as easily followed their scent. It was still early and the sun was shining through the edge of the forest, lighting the underside of the canopy in a soft, green glow that would have calmed the wildest beast. I followed the stream, effortlessly weaving and dodging around the fallen trees that lined the bank. Around the bend, I could hear the splash of a small waterfall. I pushed through a thicket and stepped into the most tranquil place I'd ever been. In front of me, a sheer, rock face, covered in fine, velvet moss framed a trickle of water that seeped down through a crevice. About ten feet from the stream the water pooled in a rock out-cropping that spilled over into the deep pool below. On the far bank, waves gently licked the wet, pastel stones. Directly in front of me, a narrow, sandy beach added an inviting entrance. The entire pool was framed with lush ferns. I stepped into the soft sand and stared down into the quiet water. The monster stared back from my reflection, but it was only on the outside now. I didn't hesitate, slipped off my shredded clothes and sank down into the cool water. The water had a soothing, floral aroma that I couldn't quite identify, but it didn't matter. With one stroke, I was under the waterfall. I tilted my head back, letting the force of the water rinse away the blood and makeup. I lifted my head and the cool water ran though my hair. A breeze disturbed the canopy and a beam of sunlight found its way through to glisten off my skin in sparkling facets of color. I was finally at peace. I could think rationally for the first time in three days and the first thing I thought of was Jason. For a moment, I almost expected an adverse reaction, but here—in this place I was completely under control. Maybe there was still hope. My clothes were hopelessly beyond repair, but I rinsed out what was left of my jeans and tore off the shredded legs. I tied a piece of what had been my favorite top around my breasts for Nathan's sake and used another small strip to tie my hair back in a ponytail. I was quite a sight, my white, marble skin wrapped in rags. I took a moment to savor the tranquility that now controlled me—secretly hoping I could store it up, before heading toward the cabin.