angular and manly. His nose was rather large, but he could pull it off. His arms were pretty muscled like his friends, his hands stuffed into his pockets casually. He also had a light stubble of his jaw line, making him look even more manly than ever. "Jasper." Rosalie stated to the guy that looked like her, taking her eyes off of the body builder for a second. "Who are your friends, sis?" Jasper asked her, his eyes straying away from Alice's. Rosalie glared at her brother, but otherwise introduced us. "This is Bella, Alice and Angela." She told him, pointing to us when she said our names. "Bella, Alice, Angela, this is Jasper my brother." she began, pointing to Jasper, who smiled. She stopped when she got to the other two. "I'm guessing you never met these two, Rosalie. This is Emmett and Edward." Jasper teased his sister, pointing to them when he said their names. Edward, the one who looked like Adonis, smiled crookedly over in my direction; something about that smile just screamed, "I'm cocky and I know you want me." Oh great, a player… Both Emmett and Jasper smiled the same smile at Rosalie and Alice, and with that, the three of us glared. All of us told each other that we hated men who were players. Angela, feeling awkward, sheepishly hid behind me. "Who knew your sister knew this little angel." Edward whispered loudly to Jasper, looking over at me, smiling and winking in my direction. I growled and almost went towards him, ready to wipe that smirk off, when Alice stopped me, glaring at Emmett and Edward. "Hey, little sis. I didn't recognize it was you until Rosie introduced you." Emmett stated, smiling in her direction. Little sis? What the hell? "Rosie?" Rosalie questioned Emmett menacingly, snarling in Emmett's direction. I gave Alice a confused glance and she gave me one back, silently saying, "I explain later." "Well, I guess it was nice meeting all of you pigs," I began, smirking when I saw their shocked faces. "But my lady friends and I have more important matters to deal with." I added, glaring at Edward and his friends. Hopefully Rose won't get mad at me for calling her brother a pig. "Like what? Going to get gussyed up for us?" Emmett asked cockily, smirking again and getting over his shock. Both Rosalie and I growled and again tried to punch these two, but Alice stopped us. "Shut the hell up, Emmy. See all of you later – not." Alice growled, dragging us away. Emmett seemed shocked by Alice's nickname for him, but glared at her and stalked away with Edward and Jasper following after him. Edward sent one last wink in my direction, fueling my anger even more. "Alice, what was with Emmett calling you his little sister?" I asked her, growling and snarling just a bit. "I may have forgot to mention that Edward and Emmett are my brothers and that they go to this school." Alice said, before adding, "Adoptive brothers though." "May, Alice?" Rosalie snarled, crossing her arms. Alice frowned and I stopped them from fighting with each other; we're supposed to be new friends and I didn't want them already fighting. "Look, let's make a deal with each other." Angela suggested, speaking up. "Since this school never had girls before, the boys are bound to be all players. So, let's just make a deal; we must promise each other to not fall for one of these guys at this school." Angela explained, placing her hand in the center of our little circle. I stuck my hand in there; no way was I going to fall for a player when I've already went through it – I'll explain later when it comes to it. Alice then stuck her hand in next, and finally Rosalie did the same. "We promise to not fall in love with a player on this campus." We all said at the same time, smiling at one another. Extremely short beginning, I know! So, was it good enough for all of you? Here's something to clear up something I guess: ~The story of this HSNE will be somewhat similar to the old one, except most of characters will be undergoing new changes. As you can see, Edward, Jasper and Emmett are already OOC, and so will Rosalie, Alice and Bella. Most of the characters – all same from the old version of HSNE – will be the same, but some may or may not, change throughout the story.~ I have a ton of ideas already for this new version, but I need all of you to tell me whether this new version already sounds good or not! Without your personal opinions and reviews, I probably won't be able to reveal said ideas. Also, I need some help. If you readers would be nice enough and if you know any, can you tell me some cocky/perverted pick up lines for Edward, Jasper and Emmett, then some snappy/witty comebacks for Bella, Alice and Rosalie? Since the guys are players and they want the girls, then I need them to have some cheesy, perverted pick up lines for them and then I need some comebacks for them as well, since they won't give into them so easily. Plus, this story will be lots more musical and more OOC – as you can see. The girls of the school will be cockteasers and I mostly envisioned that during the school year, the girls and the guys will at least sing more than they did in the old version of HSNE. So, reviews – nice or light critique – are really appreciated for me and my Beta Reader, and be honest about this new version of HSNE! Bye for now, ~*Lady Lily of Darkness*~ (By the way: MERRY CHRISTMAS! I loved all the gifts I got for my Christmas, and I hope that your holiday - whether you celebrate Christmas/Hanukah/Kwanzaa - went well!)