every bulb works perfectly. The house is the perfect model for all mobster houses. Pristine, perfect, put-together and pretty. Renee tuts at me when she catches me smoking out the window of my underused childhood bedroom and makes me squander the cigarette in an ashtray. I wash, blow dry and style my hair in loose waves before giving myself a bold lip and a glowing face without bags under my eyes and some nude shadows colouring my eyelids, the copper reflecting the gold speckles in my hazel eyes. I dress in the clothes Renee gives me. Black, red-bottom Louis Vuitton heels, an Alexander McQueen black flared dress with the tiny triangular dip in the middle of the straight neckline and beautiful, custom made, diamond jewellery. Topped off with a black, double-breasted trench coat that I shrug on to face the nip of autumn Chicago air. Kids are back at school now and if I were following the crowd, I'd be haggling my way through an ivy-league university. I take a moment to entertain the "What ifs" of today. Instead, I'm attending the annual Volturi Family Benefit. Set in aid of the police force, who are also invited and will surely be sniffing around for details on their assigned families and cases. Lucky for me, I've tied up all loose ends tight enough to never be undone. I pack my black Chanel clutch with a handgun, a carton of cigarettes with a lighter, my actual phone and some cash, along with a few makeup items for necessary touch-ups later on. I walk down the stairs with confidence I don't have. Tonight, Renee is dressed in emerald green, a colour that unofficially belongs to her. Mostly, I'm in monochrome and she wears green while Jane likes purple and Mama Adrianna claims red. I greet Charlie with courteously, loop my arm through Renee's, who tells me I look beautiful and radiant, and get into my own car that leaves ten minutes after Charlie and Renee's. Alec texts me and I take a deep breathe, psyching myself up for this. James is drunk. Watch out And be nice. Halley's a good person. I don't text back. Waiting outside is Halley, tucked under Alec's arm. Charlie and Renee are speaking with them, surrounded by other members of the family. Everyone is turned out perfectly, as always. Larson says, "Boss?" I say, "Yeah?" "I know it's not really my place, but I think you look stunning. And I think you could knock that Halley on her ass." I smile and shake my head. "Thanks Larson," I say, reaching forward to squeeze her shoulder. She nods, gets out and opens my door. I get out of the car too and nod at her. We went to the same school, she was a good bit older but I remember she helped me in gym class once when I smashed my head on the concrete. Sometimes I join her on her watch shift and drink some red wine outside with her. I don't have much time for friends and I'm not built for them anyway, she's probably the closest thing I've ever come to having a normal friendship. I appreciate her for more than just wiping my blood out of my eyelashes. Holly and I's friendship will always be the exception and far from normal. We met in high school before I was pulled out. She had shoulder-length, incredibly thick fiery red hair and a complexion smooth enough to make you green. She is wild and crazy and enthusiastic. She does drugs and I don't pry too much into that aspect of her life. Whenever I need to forget or move on or be crazy, it's always her number I end up dialling. I turn to face my family and see that my grandma, Mama Adrianna, glaring at me. John glares, too. Renee smiles and Charlie glowers. Alec warns me with wide eyes. Halley smiles at me. I don't smile back. Jane calls me over, a love-sick grin on her face. As per usual, she's wearing a purple, a beautiful lilac cocktail dress with dark plum heels and Roman wears a matching tie. I indulge them both in small talk about the beautiful grounds of the lovely Volturi golf course until we enter the party in one big herd. It feels powerful. Yet I still end up spending most of my night wandering the hallway and glancing over my shoulder so often I could develop a twitch and I'm sure I look like a paranoid junkie the way footsteps startle me and I blink twice at every pair of green eyes I encounter. I just want to go somewhere nobody would ever find me. ~ X ~ X ~ X ~ X ~ X ~ ~ X ~ X ~ X ~ X ~ X ~ A/N: Obviously I've made some changes to the plot for it to run smoothly, but I personally prefer this version. This chapter is a bit short, I'm aware and I apologize. Shoot me a review and tell me what you prefer, I do my best to reply to all of them. I lost all the files on my mac so the old chapters are gone. Hence my starting anew. I hope to update more frequently and fall back in love with this plot. Anyone with prompts or ideas or suggestions should shoot me a message. It's understandable if some of you have lost interest due to the inconsistency of my updates or the change in plot. I'm sorry if I let anyone down with this, it just felt as though it'd be best. Anyway, yes I'm sorry that I haven't updated or been around but family has to come first. So yeah, drop me a review because they're little capsules of motivation. I am currently working on chapter 2 so it should be here anytime soon, I'm not going to commit because I can be a bit of a flake. Love, Niamhzoe. XO