and a half walk in closets a downstairs office, a library and a full basement. Bella was certain that this house was perfect they went and viewed the other houses before telling the Realtor who was going on and on about the each of the houses comparing the houses telling Bella the best things about each house telling her about the local landscape that can be brought in and decorate the back yards and front yard to make her happy. Bella was going to hire a contractor and architect they were going to build three three bedroom three and a half bath guest houses with a garage attached to each one. Bella and the Realtor went to the Bank and she paid half up front for the house and five thousand each month for the next three months. Bella was going to be commuting to school everyday with Carlisle who would take her to school and then pick her up after words. They others would take care of her while they were at school. Bella had already chosen her outfit for the first day of school as well as choosing her backpack and school supplies from the list of things that she was told she needed for the school year at her school she would be attending til the middle of March. While Bella was waiting for her pregnancy to progress to the stage she needed to be back in Texas by end of March at the latest so that she could be able to give birth in a private hospital with a private room with all the best doctors she had the best medical coverage. Bella sent her parents pregnancy photos and video everyday and told the about all the horrible cravings and the aches and pains of all of the day to day stuff she had to deal with. Bella was certain that if it were any worse that she would not be able to deal with it in her day to day life. On the first day of school Carlisle dropped her off telling her to be careful everyone talked about her all day as she rolled through the halls of forks high school. Edward was insanely protective of her and one of the Cullens walked her to class every day. School had been going on for a month when the first sunny day came Bella was forced to go to school by herself and cope with all the boys who hit on her and asked her for dates. Bella always shot them down with the kindest way she could take care of them with her all she was very rich but she could not use any of the money until she married. Over the next month Bella went to school and then back to her hotel room they construction workers started on the third floor master suite first before starting on the guest houses so they could live in one of them until the house was finished and was able to live in the house. Bella was patient and considerate of the weather in Forks and the delays it might cause on the work. Bella was careful to take care of herself Bella was healthy and quiet pregnant just not so pregnant that she couldn't fly. Bella had gone thru and bought stuff to take with her to Texas. Bella was not going to let people decide about how she was going to give birth to the child and even decide if she was going to breast feed or not breastfeed with out people hassling her about all the different pro's and cons of taking care of kids. Bella was not going to let her parents have the baby a week after giving birth at the hospital. Bella had a suitcase and carry on duffle ordered a hand made delivery gown and slippers she put two pairs of scrubs, two pairs of socks 1 pair of clogs, 2 towels, 1 wash cloth, tablet, laptop, camera and all the power cords. Bella also got nursing bra's, nursing blanket, onesies, leggings, socks, mittens and hats, one piece pajamas's, a bib, burp cloths, receiving blankets, a sleeping bag, swaddle sack, a boppy nursing pillow, burp clothes, towels, wash cloths and chamomile bath stuff, pacifiers, newborn diapers, diaper rash cream, a snot sucker and a baby powder. Bella had ordered all the stuff delivered and then she packed it all in the three piece suit case set she had ordered from the internet to make sure she had all the stuff she needed to take care of an infant including a car seat and stroller frame. Bella had gone back in time and made things different from what they had originally been before her time traveling had started ten years ago. Bella had gone back in time during the revolutionary war and even farther back in the past. Bella was told by her grandmother that she was going to be a very powerful witch when she was 18 years old unless she somehow stopped aging than she would get her powers when she stopped aging. Bella had agreed to pay half of the house payment up front and then pay the rest of the house when the renovation was complete. Bella had asked for other renovations she had missed or hadn't thought about at first when she was telling the architect. Bella was careful to not add to many things to the list of renovations that she wanted for the house she had bought some furniture from the local furniture store paying to have it delivered to her warehouse she had bought in Port Angeles she had also bought an old delivery truck and stored it in the warehouse with the other stuff that she had been collecting from all of her trips back in time she had sold a few of the duplicates set s and pieces she had acquired from her many travels in time and between realms.