but the thought of Bella with Jasper really bothered him. - He must be really dumb if he doesn't want to kiss you, because, you know… you always brush your teeth and you… floss and all that. - Yeah… - Bella didn't know why she had to floss so much, but Edward did, so she did as well. – I don't want him to kiss me either…. He… hum... has a motorcycle and I don't really like motorcycles. – She was now watching an ant carrying a piece of leaf around her tattered red Converse sneakers. - So… Do you want to go watch The Doom of The Earth with me? Thursday I heard some guys in the theater talking about how life-like the zombies were…- Edward was still embarrassed, but extremely relieved that Bella didn't want Jasper after all. - Sure! Let's just go to your house give your mom the cake my mom made and then we can go… - The twenty hours she spent fighting with Edward were the worst of Bella's life. She was glad she had her best friend back. - 'Kay – said Edward taking Bella's hand. She was looking at the floor in embarrassment, so he didn't see the faint smile on her face. # Edward could recognize that little crease between her brows as one she had when deep in thought. Trying to start conversation, he stopped on the path through the small forest that separated Bella's house from his. - Why are you so quie… - I need to talk to y… - they said at the same time. - I need to talk to you. – Bella said hesitantly, while Edward watched her with interest. - Sure. You can talk to me about anything. – he said expectantly. - I... – she said while walking in his direction. – I really… - she stopped right in from of him with a terrified expression on her face. Out of the blue, Bella lunged at him and pressed her lips to his. Still as a statue and with his eyes wide open, Edward stood there holding awkwardly the plate with the delicious carrot cake Renee had given to him. He was trying to figure out if Bella was really, really kissing him. It couldn't be true, could it? Because of the lack of reaction from his part, Bella backed out completely humiliated. Noticing the hurt in her eyes, Edward started talking to her. She couldn't hear him, thought, because the sound of her blood running through her head so fast was making her dizzy. - I'm sorry, I'm sorry. It's just that… I'm sorry! – she mumbled repeatedly, as tears she hadn't noticed ran through her red cheeks. Closing her eyes and taking a deep breath, she said: - It's just that I like you and I don't want you with a dumb cheerleader and I really, really, really wanted to kiss you but then you kissed Tanya, but actually you didn't, and I was so happy. And I thought that maybe you would like me to kiss you because I floss and I know you think it's important that a girl flosses, so you wouldn't be grossed out that I kissed you or anything… - while hearing her frenetic speech, Edward carefully put the platter with the cake on the floor besides a tree and took a step in her direction. - I'm glad you floss because I really like you too and I don't want you with a dumb motorcyclist because I want you with me. Not that Jasper is dumb or anything, because I don't know him very well, but I want you to kiss me and not him. His cheeks were flaming, but he refused to look down. Green eyes fixated on teary brown ones, he stalked to her and planted his lips on hers. They stood in that position for a while, eyes closed, not quite sure about what to do next. Bella, emboldened by his speech, put her hand on his messy copper hair, entwining her fingers in his beautiful locks. Wanting to get closer to her and end with that weird arch position they were in, he put his hands on her waist and dragged her closer. In a typical Bella move, she stumbled a little and opened her eyes. Sensing the movement, he opened his as well. They unglued their lips with a smile and looked at each other awkwardly, still embracing. - Ok. – said Bella, still feeling his chapped lips against hers and butterflies in her stomach. - 'Kay. – smiled Edward, strawberry chapstick making his mouth gleam. Angling their head, first to the same side, then one side each, they kissed again. Edward put the tip of his tongue on Bella's lips, entranced by her flavor. Surprised, she opened her mouth to take in a breath. That is how they accidentally, but not so accidentally, initiated their very first french kiss. Edward wouldn't admit it to you, but he knew all about it in theory and often pictured him and Bella doing it. What really surprised him, though, was how much better it really was. Bella's mouth tasted like strawberry and mint and was oh, so soft! Meanwhile, the only thing Bella could think of, between her little moans of pleasure, was "Thank God I flossed!" # A/N: As you may have noticed, English is not my first language, so there may have been typos and mistakes. Criticism is welcomed and if you would like to beta it for me, I would really appreciate. In the original paper for my class, I stopped the story right when they go get the cake, because one of the points of the dialogue experiment is not basing the story on description (yes, I think I failed in that question), but as a fanfiction, I wanted to add a little bit more, so that's why the last part is a bit different from the rest.