of the diner. "What the hell was that." Edward fumed, ripping his arm out of her grasp once they were outside. "You shouldn't be talking to other girls." She said petulantly, crossing her arms. "And why is that? Or is one just not enough, I need at least three right. Emmett, Royce, and I guess I'm lucky number three on your list." "Don't be ridiculous. You're the one that I actually picked to be my friend." She rolled her eyes like this was an obvious compliment. "So what are they then? Nothing?" Edward demanded. " They are nothing and even if they were something they would continue to be none of your business." And that was the end of that. She pushed past him and sat in the car, waiting. Luckily, that was the moment that Alice came outside, having seen them leave. "Let's go." She said, commenting on nothing that happened inside. Alice had seen it a thousand times, their little games and didn't care to discuss them. The radio was playing the same mindless music that the diner had been and Rosalie flipped through the stations, not really paying attention to the songs as she flipped by them. Alice drove straight to Rosalie's house, the massive mansion on a cliff overlooking their town. Rosalie didn't talk much about her parents but Alice had gathered some information over the years. Her mother owned a chain of restaurants that Rosalie actively avoided going to in town and her father was constantly travelling with his pharmaceutical company. They travelled for work and fun, but never with Rosalie and rarely with Jasper. Jasper was Rosalie's twin but he was aspiring to a career working with one of his parents, something that Alice admired in him. She liked to think of him as the sane twin, the one who didn't find joy is fucking with people's heads. Alice missed him when he was gone and the calm that he brought to their little group. They pulled up to the white marble mansion and got out, the view having little effect on the three of them, having seen it countless times before. Walking up to the house Edward grabbed Rosalie's hand and she let him, grateful to feel the warmth encircle her hand. It was rougher than hers, Edward had to actually work unlike Rosalie, but she liked his hand like that. Emmett and Royce both had soft hands and they felt different against her hand. Not as manly. Of course Edward's hands had never been on her body in the way that Emmett or Royce's hands had. She had wanted him to and he undoubtedly wanted to, but they never breached that barrier. Something about sex just felt ultimate between them, like it would change everything, which was how sex was supposed to feel, but not for Rosalie. Her first time actually having sex was with James Novak a boy she had shared her first kiss with years before and it just felt right to lose her virginity to the same boy. A complete circle almost. She had no feelings for him, she just wanted to try it out, which was probably wrong as she was a freshman and he was a junior. But she didn't mind and it wasn't a bad memory. With Emmett and Royce it was about the feeling; a way to starve off the loneliness for some time. With Edward she feared it would be a lot more. So they continued with their fucked up relationship, unwilling to give up the pretense that they were just friends for anything real. And Alice let them pretend. She let them pretend even as she watched them crawl into bed together after a long day, Edward holding Rosalie as the tears came and kissing them off her cheeks. That was when Alice left the room. Wandering down the cold marble hallways to find the fireplace in their living room and start it up. She didn't like watching them when they got to be too much like a couple. Often she felt like Rosalie's mother instead of her equal, something Rosalie undoubtedly needed, but maybe not what Alice did. When would it be her turn to have someone look at her the way Edward did Rosalie? Alice's thoughts drifted to Jasper before pulling back to Rosalie. Maybe Alice would actually look back at this mysterious person instead of turning away from the love in his eyes. Maybe she would give in to it, to the love she yearned for. For try as Rosalie did to push everyone away, Rosalie Hale yearned for love. Alice saw it written all over her face clear as day. From Emmett to Royce, Rosalie was looking for love and instead she was tricking these guys into loving her while she ran away only to tug them back in at the last moment. And Edward was the same, except unlike the others he actually was Rosalie's equal. He was the one that could teach her the error of her ways if he only sought out to do so. But he didn't because he was afraid and he was tired. Alice didn't doubt his love for Rosalie but she also could recognize that he was weary of her. She snuggled in a blanket by the fire, thinking how nice it would be to have someone to hold her at night, someone to kiss her tears away. But her tears never came. Because there was no point but to keep moving. Miss Mackay, the housekeeper, came into the room then, drawn in by the fire. When she saw Alice huddled in the blanket she quietly nodded and closed the door, leaving Alice alone in the massive room, the fire in her face and the wind howling in her ears. If she listened closely, she would be able to hear Rosalie's cries faintly echoing throughout the house. But she didn't listen. She didn't want to hear anything but her own cries tonight.