shouted back at her. Damn, she was fleet-footed. He was short of breath by the time he caught up to her. Grabbing her by the shoulder, he asked, "Are you all right?" Leah shrugged away from his grasp. "Fine—just leave me alone, Call." "Call? Since when did you start calling me by my last name?" Averting her eyes to the pebbled sand below, she mumbled, "Since now. So, let it go. I've got big troubles; personal troubles. Is that okay with you?" She started to walk away again, but he whipped her around to face him. "C'mon, Lee. Let's have it." "I said, no." A loud sigh escaped his lips. "Do I have to order you to fess up? You know I don't like to do that. I'm your friend for god's sake. If you can't talk to me, than who can you talk to?" Her head rose, and looking into his eyes, she burst into tears. "Not here." "Then let's go to your place, okay?" . . . . . Thankfully, the Clearwaters' residence was deserted. Sue was still at work, and Seth was out boating with some friends from school and wasn't expected home until dinnertime. Leah walked in with Embry trailing behind, and flopped down on the couch. He followed suit. "All right now. What is it? You can tell me anything, Lee." She shook her head, and fidgeted with her fingers lying in her lap. "I can't. I don't wanna hurt you, Em." Embry grinned, thinking he could lighten up her mood. Unfortunately, he was dead wrong. "Hurt me? How can you possibly hurt me? I'm a big, bad wolf, remember?" With one palm over her quivering lips, she raced into her room, slamming the door shut. This was not good. Embry tried the knob. It was locked, so he began hammering on the door. "Let me in, Lee, or I'll break down this goddamn door." The doorknob turned, and he heard her as she scurried to the edge of her bed. The door was flung wide open, banging against the adjacent wall. Embry sat down beside her, the mattress creaking beneath his weight. "Ya mind telling me what the hell this is all about?" She covered her face in her hands, and whimpered, "You're gonna hate me." Embry peeled her hands away from her face, and with his index finger, drew her head toward him. Smiling at her, he joked, "What did you do, pour sand in my bike's gas tank?" "It's worse," she sniffled. "What could be worse? Don't tell me you fell for one of those nasty leeches." Her jaw tightened as she blurted, "How 'bout I'm pregnant?" His mouth gaped open, and he slumped back on the mattress, blinking in surprise. He definitely didn't expect that answer. His response was a pitiful, "Oh." "Yeah … oh. How 'bout that? Great news, huh?" "What are we gonna do?" She leaned forward, staring at the wall, and said, "Don't worry. I'll take care of the problem by myself." The bed springs squawked, as Embry bolted upright. "Lee … no. Please don't say you're gonna have some quack cut out that innocent baby and fling it in the trash." "I thought about it, but I couldn't go through with it. This is your child too; it would be unfair to you. I kept seeing this scene in my head; our baby wrapped in your arms, and your face bursting with a smile as big as La Push. "I also have my own selfish reason—this might be the only chance I have to be a mother." "You know, there is another solution. We could get married." "Seriously? Married?" "Yeah, is that so horrible? I never had a father in my life, and I'm not gonna have a child of mine growing up with that kind of pain and humiliation. So, will you at least think about it?" She began sobbing again. "Oh, Em, I'm so sorry." " You're sorry? I think I had a little something to do with it too. "C'mere, Lee." He gathered her close to his chest, and wiped the tears away with his thumb. Then, staring at the sadness in her eyes, something stirred inside of him. Embry hadn't so much as kissed the she-wolf since that first night they mated. They were essentially a platonic couple. But had their relationship unknowingly blossomed into something more? Embry heard her murmur his name and his emotions took over. He couldn't help himself. Leah was there in front of him, helpless and vulnerable, her soft form now clinging to him. His lips sought hers, and before he knew it, they were naked beneath the bed sheets. He whispered into her hair as he touched her velvet-smooth skin, "I'm in love with you, Lee. I don't know why I didn't see it before." In a soft voice she responded in kind to his declaration. "I love you too." This time, the experience was more than filling some physical need. It was heart-breakingly tender and beautiful. It was … well, love. . . . . . They got married soon after, much to everyone's surprise, and six months later, Leah was delivered of triplets—two boys and a girl. Embry was a proud husband and father, caring for his children the way his own father should have cared for him. He thought back to the time when he challenged Sam for the position of Alpha, and the chance to be with Leah, now the love of his life. It was fate that he just happened to be there in the clearing on that particular patrol. That's the time when their love began; and all because of what happened that one night—the night that changed their lives forever. The End A/N: I found it fascinating to research the mating ritual of wolves. I have more explicit prose describing it in my story, Waiting, if you're interested. It's Chapter 15 (I didn't want to repeat myself in this story).