my hunk list so, yeah, little biased. Brady had opened his mouth to reply to Collin's claim, but his voice was over powered by that of my mother. "Oh, Sarah." I turned just in time to get myself out of the way as my mom launched herself at Sarah. I think it's a projectile hug, but I doubt I'll ever get it completely right. "It's been so long! And Collin. Well, the last time I saw you, you were shorter than me. Now you're, well, not." That was the understatement of the century; both of them towered over all of us women. "Well, come in, come in! All of you," she motioned them in, and they entered, taking in the inside of our house. Brady and Collin let out impressed whistles. Mom had probably gotten up early this morning to start decorating, and so, the front hall already looked immaculate - she was the one who designed the spreads for those magazine living rooms you see in catalogues, after all. Pictures hung all over the walls, but not over-crowding them. Mom had somehow managed to get every school picture I'd ever had given to her, so she had pictures of me from five till now. And even some baby ones that the orphanage had gotten when I was removed from my home. There were also some fairly recent pictures of me and them that we had professionally done in the park. And then, of course, some of them at their wedding and other huge events, but the pictures were mostly me. They really loved me like their own daughter. "Are you sure you're adopted?" I heard Brady ask from behind me. Ah, so he'd noticed the pictures too. I stifled a giggle. "Pretty damn sure." I replied, and Mom turned around with a warning look for the language. I had the decency to look abashed. "Sorry, Mom." She looked satisfied. Sarah bumped her with her hip. "O, c'mon, Miss. It isn't that bad. You should hear some of the things my boy says. And his pack of friends. And I mean that with all the love in the world, Brady." she added, giving a meaningful smile to the boy in question. I laughed. It was almost like home already. "Coffee!" I exclaimed as we reached the kitchen. I scrambled into the room and to the coffee pot, going over to the fridge and grabbing my vanilla coffee mate. I got my special cup that said, "Give me coffee, and no one gets hurt!" and poured, drinking down the scalding liquid. When I peaked over the cup's top, I saw Collin and Brady looking amused, Sarah looking like she was about to burst out in giggles, and mom, used to this routine by now, was fixing the eggs, - bleh - bacon and English muffins. There was a surprising amount, but then, mom had heard tales from Sarah about how much Collin and his friends eat, and Sarah must have warned her there would be at least three of them with her, when she still had three in the first place. Seeing the pile of food when my mom turned around, both boys' eyes widened and they were sitting at the table faster than I had gotten my coffee - in other words, damn fast. I sat down next to Collin, who was the first to grab a handful of bacon as the plate was laid down on the table, followed very closely by Brady. I took three pieces, and an english muffin, making a small bacon sandwich. Sarah claimed she had already eaten, and only took a couple apple slices when my mom offered, and mom was notorious for snacking while she cooked, so it was just us three at the table while the women went off to chat. Brady turned to look at me around Collin. "So, you're a coffee addict, huh?" And I couldn't help myself; I laughed. I raised my eyebrows at him and looked at him over the top of my cup as I took another drink. "Pick that up, did you, Sherlock?" I asked sarcastically, putting my coffee cup down and biting into my biscuit. "Been a coffee addict since I turned thirteen, if you must know." Collin was looking at me odd, and I tried to mimic his expression. "You're supposed to be taller." He stated it, bluntly and to the point. I'm supposed to be taller; what the hell? Now my weirded out look was completely real and justified. Seeing this, he quickly amended, "Coffee stunts your growth; you probably would have been a couple inches taller if you hadn't started drinking it so young." I shrugged. "I like my size; nice and average." "You aren't average." I turned to Brady, confused by this statement. But he gave me a sly, knowing smile, and took a drink of the orange juice my mom had set in front of him right before she left. "Just saying." But all I was thinking is, 'How does he know that?' A/N: I know that you guys are probably really confused right now, but let's just say that Sydney isn't 100% normal. In fact, she's probably a little closer to 50% normal. She's completely human though. 100% human, just not normal. And she's not a wolf, which I accented quite well by saying she doesn't even have a shred of Native American blood. No, Collin and Brady do NOT imprint on her. This is a Paul/OC story, not a Brady/OC or a Collin/OC story, though the younger wolves deserve some love too. Paul will show up in the next chapter; I swear it. And just FYI, the songs at the top are the main ones I listened to while I was writing. And when I say main, I mean the ones I listened to over and over again, because that's how I roll. And I think that abut wraps it up. Until we next meet. Madly Yours, Jassabella