still singing and I follow behind with my bag amazed at the house before me. As we walk through the double doors she calls out into the house. "Mama, we're home!" A beautiful woman not much taller than Mary Alice steps out of the kitchen wearing a beautiful dress and apron with sky high heels that rival Mary Alice's. "Ciao mia bella figlia." (Hello my beautiful daughter.) She greets with a warm smile. "Ah hello. You must be the beautiful Isabella I've heard so much about. It's a pleasure to meet you darling, my name is Carmen." She has jet black curls nearly to her waist with a slight Italian accent. I see where Mary Alice gets her looks. This woman is beautiful. Unlike my mother, her smile seems very genuine. "It's a pleasure to meet you Mrs. Luciano. Thank you for having me." "Nonsense. It's Carmen." She tells me before turning back towards the kitchen. "I was just making some raviolis. Are you hungry?" The smell from the kitchen was making my stomach grumble. My mother wasn't a cook in the least. Homemade food was making my mouth water. I followed her into the kitchen that was lined with granite counters, dark cherry wood cabinets, and stainless steel appliances. She has several pots and pans on the gas stove that she went back to tending. Mary Alice grabbed two plates and laid them out filling them with pasta and bread before setting them on the breakfast bar. I dug in greedily never had tasting anything this good. Just as my mouth is full of raviolis in walks Aro and the yummy sex god. I started choking. Mary Alice starts patting my back while Mrs. Luciano gets me a glass of water. "Are you alright dear?" Mrs. Luciano asks face filled with concern. "Yes ma'am." I cough out. " Ciao bella!" Aro greets me. I nod to him while I sip my water. The copper haired sex god walks over and takes the seat next to me staring in my eyes the whole time. Is it possible to choke on water? "Bon appetite!" Mrs. Luciano says setting two plates down for the boys. "Thanks Ma." Aro says giving her a kiss on the cheek while wrapping her in a hug. "Grazie." the copper haired sex god says. "Isabella dear, have you met Edward Cullen?" Their mother asks me. "No ma'am, not formally." I answered finding my voice again. "Isabella, this is Edward Cullen, Edward, this beautiful girl is Isabella Swan." she makes the introductions giving Mary Alice the stink eye. "He was busy Mama, when he was at school. Mi dispiace." "I know my darling. These men are always busy. Now it's done. Do you need anything else before I leave?" She asks looking at the four of us. "No ma'am." Mary Alice and Aro answered at the same time. Mrs. Luciano hangs her apron on a hook next to the stove and kisses her children on the head before dancing out the door in the same fashion as her daughter. Nobody spoke until we heard the click of the front door. "We wanna go tonight." Mary Alice said turning to her brother. I didn't know where we wanted to go, but I was down since the sex god was going. "Alice." He spoke. That was new to me. I looked at her questioningly. "Everyone calls me Alice outside of school and when the parents aren't around. You can go by Bella now if you please. Just act correct in front of the parents." She explained to me. Whew. Mary Alice sounded so stuffy to me. "Please Aro. Pretty pretty please. We'll behave." Alice said batting her eyelashes. "Lasciarli andare." (Let them go.) Edward says nodded to us without looking up from his plate. Aro takes the time to contemplate Edward's request. Finally he speaks after a couple of minutes of Alice bouncing on her seat. "Alright kid, but you two better behave and stay out of the way." Out of the way of what? Whatever it was I had a feeling I wouldn't be wearing my blue jeans. After an hour of Alice slapping me into a too short, red mini, applying makeup, curling my hair, and threatening me within an inch of my life until I put on some red strappy heels, she deemed me ready to go. She herself has on a short black mini with a low cut silver sequined top with black Louboutins. As I compared our looks I was torn. Although I like the height the heels added to my 5'5 frame, I was sure I was going to fall to my death. We piled into the black BMW that was parked outside earlier, which I now knew belonged to Edward Cullen. Aro is sitting upfront texting and sipping on his whiskey. T.I. is playing low on the speakers. Alice is gibbering away about how much I'm going to love this club and Edward is silent. I'm wondering how the hell we're going to get in with us all being under 21. Twenty minutes later we roll up in front of a club with no windows and a lime green neon sign reading 'Twilight'. Aro opens the door and helps us out while Edward hands the valet his keys. "Uno zero e sei morto." (one scratch and you're dead.) He says giving the guy a serious look. "Yes sir Mr. Cullen."' We walk right past the line and straight through the door with Edward and Aro giving the bouncers handshakes. Wow. I had never been to a club before. My dad definitely wouldn't approve. As we walk in, I take in the loud hip- hop music, the strobe lights, people everywhere laughing and dancing. I see Aro is at the bar ordering drinks. Just as he hands me my cocktail I turn around and see my worst nightmare sitting at a bar on the other side of the club and I groan to myself.