channels. "Probably. You know if Will is, he's going to talk me into it." He kissed the top of my head. "What are you gonna do?" I shrugged. "Probably hang out with the girls. Or maybe just Piper. She's been a little down lately." "That would be nice. I know she'd like some alone time with you." I leaned up so I could see his face without getting a crick in my neck. "Speaking of, what's going on with Jason?" He shook his head. "I have no idea. It's so weird the way he watches Piper. He's so intense. It creeps me out a little." "What did you say to him tonight?" He looked down at me in surprise. I snorted. "Did you really think you could get away with slinking off? I know where you went." Chuckling, he wrapped me up in his arms. "I just made it clear that Piper isn't as tough as she seems, that she's actually pretty vulnerable. And if he was going to chase her, he needed to know that if he hurt her, I'd break his face." Laughing, I took the remote from him and climbed into his lap, straddling his thighs. His hands gripped my hips. "I love it when you talk tough." "Hey, I can do more than talk tough." "Mhm," I mocked. "It's true." "Shut up." Leaning in, I captured his lips with mine. God, he tasted so good. His tongue was sinful as it danced around mine and my mouth, licking at me. He pulled back, licking his lips. "Now that's how you tell someone to shut up." We both laughed as I twined my fingers through his silky hair. His fingers played over the skin of my hips. "I love you, Bray." He smirked. "I'm aware. And you know I love you." Fingers playing in his hair, I studied him, growing serious. The depth of my feelings for him bubbled up and I thought about everything that had happened almost a year ago. I tried not to remember being chained up in that barn, surrounded by all those wolves. Every now and then, the wrist that I'd broken would twinge, reminding me. And I knew I had nightmares because Dox or Ash would always rush in to wake me up when I started screaming. The two of them would crawl into bed with me and hold me until I fell asleep. Bray knew that I still had problems though. He'd catch me rubbing my wrist, my eyes zoned out. He, Will, and Hunter had saved me that night. And I'd been told that Bray had run all the way home with me unconscious on his back. He'd stayed with me until I woke up and had rarely let my side since. I felt his palm stroke the side of my face. "Jules? Baby, you okay?" Swallowing hard, I knew better than to lie to him. "Just thinking." Nobody, not even Piper, knew the details of what had happened to me that night. And I wasn't willing to give it up just yet. Brayden stroked my cheek. "Baby, they're gone. Melice is dead. Will took care of that. And I will never let anything or anyone ever touch you like that again. I told you before, I will level anyone who puts a hand to you." It was true that the only one to actually touch me that night was Melice. The things he'd shown me and done still left my skin crawling. I wasn't actually sure what would happen if Bray found out what had happened, but I know it wouldn't be good. As well as the other males in my family. So I bottled it up and prayed that, with time, the memories would slowly ebb. "Jules?" I rested my forehead against his, letting out a slow calming breath. "I don't want you to go tonight," I whispered. I rarely pulled that card because I knew Dad's patience with me and Bray could only go so far. I was his baby girl, and after what happened, he watched me as closely as Bray did. But I really didn't want to be alone tonight. I had a feeling the comfort of my brothers wouldn't be enough, either. Taking a moment to decide, Bray took one of my hands and opened it, palm up. With his index finger he drew an "O" and a "W". Open window. I nodded against his forehead. He pressed a soft kiss to the corner of my mouth. "Come on, let's finish this movie before I get kicked out." Swallowing hard, I took a deep breath and moved back to where I started. Laying on my side, I curled up against him, reveling in his warmth. If I didn't start getting my shit together, he, along with everyone else, was going to figure out that something was up with me. Trying to calm myself down, I took a few more deep breaths and wrapped his heavy arm around my waist, playing with his fingers, and rested my ear against his heart. The steady, even thrum helped me squash down those stupid memories and focus on the here and now. The movie was actually pretty good and funny. Bray's laughter was deep, making his chest and belly move under me. Needing more of him, I ran my palm up under his shirt, my skin gliding over his. There, that was better. His breathing hitched once in surprise, but he didn't take it the wrong way, just let me touch him. I didn't do anything sexual. Just rested my palm between the pads of his pecs and felt his heart, his life, and his laughter. He was more than just my love. He was my home. I think I'm more excited for Jason and Piper...Don't get me wrong, I love Bray and Jules. But I do have a thing for Jason. Just don't tell Piper. She might kick my ass. Love all y'all! Please review! xoxoxoxo