of the smarter ones putting clues together but seeming to try convincing them selves more than anyone else that I'm a nutbar, and others just plane unbelieving and believing that I'm having them on and I just shrugged as I finished off my lunch when the lunch bell rang we all got up to leave for class. " Y-you weren't j-joking were you?" Angela suddenly asked me in a small voice and I shook my head. "W-what happened to you Bella? You're different, but you don't have different colour eyes or anything. It's more like your presence. I've only ever felt this nervous around the Cullen's and now you. Its like I'm scared but don't know why." I stopped and she stopped with me. I smiled at her and she flinched as I lovingly stroked her cheek with my gloved hand. "Don't worry babes. I won't hurt you if I can help it, but if I can't then believe me when I tell you that I am so so sorry." I lean down and capture her lips in mine for a chaste kiss. I pull back and her eyes are watery and we ignore some catcalls from perverts as she smiles at me. "I-I know Bella, thank you." Suddenly I smelt something both sickeningly sweet and that dog shit again, lots of something's. I could also hear bickering when people screamed as four vampires I've never seen before crashed through the far wall and started feeding on people nearby. Angela screamed in fear as I pulled her protectively behind me. I took a little satisfaction in the fact that my doubters were no longer doubting me but screaming and running pointlessly for their lives. Then the shit got worse when two huge wolves smashed through another wall and growled angrily making more kids flee to my side of the cafeteria. Following on the wolf side I was surprised to see my once Native American friend Jacob Black, though he's changed a lot since I last saw him. Now he was huge with short cut hair and a tattoo of some kind on his shoulder and only wearing some blue cut-off jeans. I could tell instantly that he's one of these wolf things to by the smell of burning shit. I actually groaned when a beautiful ginger bitch followed the vampires through though ignored them as they finished off their meals, she got a small growl from the dogs but not much else as they all looked at me. " You're all here for me I presume?" I asked conversationally as my fellow students look at me in fear most likely wondering why I would get them into such shit. " Bella you bitch, you murdered our Alpha last night!" Jacob screamed at me outraged, his body vibrating. My eyes widen in surprise. "Oh, you mean the fucking dog monster like you?" I asked in realisation to why he wants my head so bad as to expose himself. He and his buds looked barely able to control them selves as I turned from them to the ginger. "So Victoria, you want to kill me because?" " Your mate killed mine you stupid girl!" she hissed out in rage. I rolled my eyes. "Well for your information bitch," I began and she growled. "Edward broke up with me and I plan on getting my own revenge for thinking he can just play with me like that. And secondly your douche of a mate hunted me in the knowledge that I had a much larger coven of vampire to back me up, so just stand still so I can send you to bitch at him in hell." I grinned as I clenched my right fist and it started sparking with red lightening. "Bring it bitch. I'm not a weak little human anymore. I'll slaughter all of you monsters." I look down at poor Angela's broken body as I remember the battle. It had started out on even footing while in side and more wolves and vamps joined in attacking me and the humans. I tried to protect the humans as best I could but that was proving futile as the vamps and wolves started turning on each other too. It ended up with me trying desperately to keep Angela safe as out of all of the humans at Forks high she's the only one who's ever been sincere to me. However, that became a fruitless effort and Victoria eventually got hold of her tearing her clothes off and touching her in places I couldn't allow, and biting her so her venom causes my friend pain. I had blasted them both out of both anger and jealousy to get her off my friend, and Victoria had fled like the wolves after I had taken care of the other vampires since the wolves weren't purposefully attacking humans I saved them for last, though I think Jacob got away too. Angela had dropped lifelessly to the floor and I feel like Victoria will be satisfied with all she's done to me as the police had turned up and my father had also been killed, but now she's on my list along with the Cullen's and wolves, I'll get them all. I doubt she'll be stupid enough to think she can take me again. 'Thump' I startled at the noise and looked around in wonderment as I can't see any survivors throughout the school parking lot. 'Thump Thump' I looked down to see a slight light on in Angela's eyes and mine widened in hope as I watched her muscles twitch and hear her heart beating ever so softly. I just watch and wait praying that theirs enough venom throughout her body to establish the change as I can't move her yet or she will die; I'll just have to stand as her vigil guardian angle. I've already lost so much within the past forty-eight hours I would be happy to only have her. To Be Continued…