beer?" Then she giggled. "That's the only beer I drink," I told her seriously, before pulling the beer that had been directly on top of my dick out of my pants. I grabbed the rest of my pants beer and set them on the coffee table. "You gotta fridge? I'll let some of these pants beer cool down a bit." She helped me grab the beer and we took them to her well-stocked fridge. "You want something to eat?" she asked, quirking an eyebrow at me. "Only if you feel like cooking," I replied. "I am an amazing cook," Bella said. "Among other things." "Like playing the fiddle and dancing?" I guessed with a grin. "Exactly," she replied solemnly. "Now, how do you feel about grilled ham and cheese?" After cooking four grilled ham and cheese, we wandered back to the living room with our beers. We began talking about Bella's degree-in-progress (European history), her dancing, her fiddling, and everything in between. I gave her the band's history and my history. "I guess this would be the part where I'd kiss you," I blurted after I told her about my bitchy ex. She shrugged. "I'm kind of tired. Wanna sleep in the most comfortable bed in the world?" I grinned slowly. "I'd love to." I followed her up the stairs and into a large room with a king-sized bed. Bella looked up at my and grinned before dropping my hand and scrambling onto the bed. She began jumping up and down, laughing and begging me to join her. Of course I joined her. I was a 28-year-old in a band. My mentality was much closer to 17 than 28. After a few minutes of jumping, we collapsed on her bed and looked at each other. I cupped her cheek in my hand and kissed her smiling lips. She reciprocated immediately. We made out for a while on her bed, slowly shifting around so that she was laying down and I was hovering over top of her. I broke away from her mouth and started kissing my way down her neck to her collarbone. Her hands gripped my hair a little tighter when I sucked on her skin and her breathing hitched. "You like that?" I asked with a smirk. She nodded, her eyes closed. I went back to kissing her lips and slipped my hand under her top, making my way up her hips, waist, and ribcage to her tits. Her shirt was loose, and made it seem like they were smaller than they were. These were decent sized tits. I cupped the left one in my hand and squeeze gently. Bella's legs jerked a little, her knees coming up and bracketing my hips. I ran my thumb over the nipple and her hips bucked up into my crotch, forcing me to let out a moan. "Fuck," Bella moaned. "I hate to be rain on the parade, but I just... I can't go any further than this, Edward." "I'm sorry," I said immediately, pushing myself off of her, nervous that she felt like I was forcing her. She giggled, running one hand through my hair. "It's just a bad time, y'know?" She searched my eyes. "Bad time of the month." I let out a relieved breath. "Okay. Well, there's other things we can do, eh?" She grinned. "Hell yeah." She grabbed me by the neck and rolled us over so she was straddling me. Bella quickly pulled her shirt over her head and undid her bra, throwing it onto the floor. Yep. Fantastic tits. I hadn't dry humped anyway in years, but, fuck if this girl didn't know exactly how to move those hips. I groaned into her mouth as she rode me, grinding right into my hard dick. "I'd give you a blow job, but you were all sweaty," she said smiling before sucking on my earlobe. "Maybe next time." "Fucking rights," I ground out, holding her hips down as I came in my pants. Bella climbed off of me and went into the bathroom, coming back with some Kleenexes and a pair of clean boxers. I held the boxers up with a quirked eyebrow. "I like to wear them to bed," she said with a shrug. "They might be a little tight on you, but you'll have to make due." "Maybe I'll just sleep naked," I retorted with a wolfish grin. Bella laughed. "There's always that option, too." "I'm gunna take a shower," I said suddenly. "Don't wanna force you to hold back next time." I stood up and winked before leaving the room. "Don't flatter yourself!" she called after me. "'Just said that so you'd get your rocks off so I can sleep!" I laughed all the way into the bathroom. So, it's been a while since I entered into this contest, but pretty much as soon as I finished writing this, life got right crazy. I didn't even get to send in an edited version of this! So embarrassing... Got a new job, moved houses, started working a ridiculous amount more than I used to... Anyway, enough of my sob story. Thanks for the reviews on the Make Me Laugh page... One of the questions was if the story is in America or Scotland, and this takes place in America. I'm planning on expanding this (hopefully soon!), and all of the background on that will be answered in chapters to come. ;) Thank you to everyone that supported my very last minute attempt at being funny. :) I'm glad some of you enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed writing it! lib6 (Music is completely and totally inspired by The Mud Men, a Celtic band here in Canada. I've seen them twice, and this one-shot is 100% an accurate description of what happens when us Scots get together for a little Celtic fun. Other than hooking up with the boys. They're a bit older than I am ha. BUT GIVE 'EM A LISTEN. OR FLOGGING MOLLY.)