over me. I quickly realized two things. One, this was not the Edward Cullen I was used to, this was someone very close to diving off the deep end. Two, his eyes were no longer a golden color they were blood red. "Do you think I give a damn about the treaty dog? My family only came back for one reason and you're currently holding it." With that he ripped Bella out of my arms and she was encased in his. Panic shot threw me. I tried to stand but found myself unable to move. "Did you really think you ever had a chance at taking her from me?" The bronze haired leech scoffed as he wrapped one of his hands around Bella's throat. I opened my mouth to scream or beg him to let her go but my voice was frozen along with my body. "What made you think you could have something that was mine? Did you honestly think she was developing feelings for you? Bella my love, please explain to the mutt what's been going on." he said sliding his cold dead hands over her body. Bile burned the back of my throat. My wolf snapped and snarled trying to escape the prison keeping him from destroying the leech in front of us. Bella removed her hands from around his neck and faced me. Her lips curled in a sinister sneer. Her emerald eyes burned with hate and disgust. "Awe Jakey, what's wrong cat got your tongue?" she taunted. "Sorry to disappoint you but I was only using you. The Cullens got tired of behaving all of the time. They felt it was time to indulge in some of their more...primal urges. Unfortunately there was a pack of mindless overgrown wolves intent on "protecting" the people they wanted for dinner. You can see how that would get frustrating for them, so I offered my assistance." she knelt down in between my legs. "You just made everything so easy." Bella traced the edge of my jaw with the tips of her fingers. Normally, my body would be on fire, my cock straining against my jeans. Now all I wanted to do was vomit and dunk my head in bleach. I tried to turn away from her touch but my traitorous body stayed stiff and unmoving. "All I had to do was show up here acting wounded and you couldn't resist rescuing a damsel in distress. I never even had to ask about the pack, you gave me all of the information I needed on you own. Don't worry we've brought you a present for all of your help." Bella pushed up onto her knees bringing her face level with mine. This was not my Bella. This was not the Bella I loved with my whole heart and soul. This Bella was a fake, this Bella was nothing but a monster. She leaned forward and I could feel her warm breath on my neck as she whispered. "Your gifts to die for." Standing she turned to the tree line and shouted "Come on out guys! Let's show Jake what we brought him." I tried in vain to move. i knew whatever "gift" monster Bella was talking about would be horrifying. All I esnyrf esd yo br sd gst sesy gtom iy sd poddiblr. A gust of wind pushed against my back as the remaining Cullens appeared on either side of the monster and her leech. Each one wore a manic grin the devil himself would be proud of. Seven pairs of blood red eyes danced in excitement. They each had something cradled into their chest. It was round and looked as if they were covered in black hair. No. No. No. No. No. They must have sensed my horrific realization because at that exact moment they threw the dismembered heads of Sam, Jared, Paul, Quil, and Embry at my feet. They killed my pack brothers and brought me their heads. They were smeared with blood, eyes wide open, and faces fixed in a look of pure terror. "Don't worry we told them who they had to thank before we tore the skin off their bodies before we drank them dry." Edward hissed. "Noooo!" I screamed jolting upright covered head to toe in sweat. My heart was pounding against my ribs, my hands fisted into my blanket. Not real. It was only a dream. I attempted to take deep breaths. I tried to stop the violent tremors raking my body but couldn't. The images from the dream were all too fresh. It was all so real. Even with my eyes open I could see the bloodied heads of my pack brothers. I could still hear Bella's voice telling me it was all lies ringing in my ears. The tremors grew more violent and spread, there was no stopping this now. I shot out of bed and swung open my door. It smashed into the wall behind it sending shards of wood flying in all directions. I barrelled down the hallway and out the front door. I didn't even reach the first step before my body split and the world tore free. I charged toward the forest no caring where I was going. I thought I heard my father yelling my name but I ignored it. Now was not the time for Jacob Black. I pushed my humanity to the furthest recess of my mind. Now was the time for the wolf. A/N2- Well there it is the first chapter I hope you enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed writing it! Again please review if you would like to read more of this story if there is no interest I wont waste everyone's time by uploading it here. A/N3- I went back and put the dividers in between different pov's hopefully that will make it a little easier to read. I apologize for any previous confusion it was my first time uploading and somehow my own dividers didn't transfer over.