find it. It was there. Weak but there. My heart was going a mile a minute. It was boiling hot in here. Or was that me? Touching a hand to her forehead, I felt that the heat was coming from her. She was burning up. And now that I looked, sweat slid down her temples and hairline. Forgetting the truck, I called Edward. When the line clicked, I didn't even let him get out a greeting. "Get up here! Right now! It's Nessie," I yelled. Now, both kids were screaming. Edward burst into the house, narrowly missing Jules. Of course, he'd known she was there by her thoughts. Otherwise he'd have been more careful without knowing where the kids were. He was over to me in the blink of an eye. Gently, he took his daughter from my arms. "I'll get her to Carlisle." And then he was gone. Rosalie and Emmett were standing in the doorway. Reaching over, I picked up my screaming son and held him to my chest. God, how long had she been out? What the hell happened? "Shhh, it's okay, buddy. It's okay. I'm right here. Daddy's here." He started to calm down after a minute or two. Jules slowly moved toward me until I motioned her over. Then she ran into my open arm. Rosalie came forward. "Can you…would you like us to-?" I shook my head. "No. They won't go to anybody else right now." Which was totally true. Both of them were gripping me as if someone were already trying to take them away. Getting to my feet, I hurried out of the house and down the hill with both of them shadowing me just in case I lost my footing. I didn't. And when I got to the house, Will and Jules were a runny-nosed mess. It took some coaxing to get Will to let go of me. After having seen his mother pass out, that wasn't surprising. But Bella managed to get him off me with the promise of some blood. He went but not happily. Rosalie took Jules before I raced up the stairs. Nessie was in the bed with tubes and wires already attached to her. Though she was burning up, her skin was pale. I rushed to her side and took her hand. "Talk to me, doc. Right now. You better talk." Because I knew Carlisle was in or around the room. "I don't know, Jacob." He appeared across the bed in a moment, standing next to the machines. "What do you mean, you don't know?" I demanded. He looked at the machines beeping beside him. "Her vitals are good. She's breathing on her own. But her fever is ridiculously high. And she's incredibly dehydrated. It's almost like she's suffered the flu for a week." I shook my head, looking down at her. With my free hand, I stroked her forehead and hair. "But that's not right. She was fine when I left. No symptoms at all. And all she drinks is water or blood. More the first than the second. We still hunt so she gets enough." Shaking my head, I looked at him. "Okay, so where do we go from here?" He looked down at his granddaughter. "The only thing we can do is keep fluids in her and try to get her fever down with cold compresses and medicines. How long was it that you found her before you called Edward?" "I was down talking to Tricia when I got this bad feeling. I packed up Jules and came straight home. When I came through the door, Will was screaming and Nessie was collapsed. As soon as I checked her breathing and pulse, I called Edward." "No symptoms at all?" I shook my head again. "No. Nothing. No temperature. No coughing. No throwing up. No pain. Nothing." He held up her wrist that was on his side, pointing at the red mark. "And are these new?" Looking back down at her, I shook my head. "No. We were…intimate…last night." He nodded. "And she was fine then?" There was no judgment in his tone. Just a medical question about his patient. But I glared up at him anyway. "No, doc. Seriously, if I'd noticed anything, I would tell you. This is my wife and the mother of my kids we're talking about here." He held up his hands in a surrender gesture, but his face thinned out in aggression to match my own. "And this is my granddaughter. I'm just making sure. Right now, you're worried, anxious, and angry. It's common to forget something until a question is posed." Gritting my teeth, I looked down again. This time, I saw her eyes move under her lids. "Ness?" Her hand gripped mine. "Doc?" "I see. She's not in a coma. Just unconscious. The fever probably took her over with its swift appearance. Hopefully the fever will die down and she'll wake up soon. I'll take some blood to study since she's stable." I nodded. He did his thing. When he left, I sank down into the chair beside the bed and hung my head. "Jesus, Nessie. You gave me a heart attack. Scared Will to death." I wiped my palm over my face and then took her hand again, waiting for her to squeeze it. Stroking her hair again, I tried to choke back all the fear. "God, please, Nessie. You have to wake up. I don't care what Carlisle says. I won't rest easy until I see your eyes staring back at me. Please." With my hands still on her, I hung my head and prayed that there was nothing to find in that blood sample. Sooooo, I was terrified at the end of this chapter. Even though I know what's going on. I didn't know the end of this chapter was going to end up this way. If that makes any sense. Anywhozzle! Let me know? Yes? No? Maybe? Anyway, LOVE YOU GUYS! xoxoxoxox