that. When he pulled into the drive, he whistled. "This is nice. Lot of land." "Yeah. Embry's mom just left it to him when he refused to move back up with her. She's still paying for it as far as we know. She might be angry with him, but she still loves him enough to give him a home. She's living with a friend of hers, so she's not paying for another house." "What about his dad?" he asked me as we got out of the car. I shrugged, pulling the key out of my pocket. "Don't know where he is. Embry told me he was kind of a player. Who knows how many half brothers and sisters he has? But we do know about Sam, who is also Quileute. He lives on the other side of the rez with his wife and daughter. The guy took off before Embry was born so he never met him. Not sure he wants to either from the way Sam talks about him." There was furniture on the spacious porch, making room inside for the new stuff coming in today. Embry and I had moved it out this morning. I got the front door open and escorted Dad inside. He whistled again. "This is really nice. More space than I thought." His voice echoed on the bare hardwood floor. "How are you guys paying for the furniture?" "Over the years, Embry saved up everything he ever got. Plus, the one good thing his dad did was open up a trust for him before he was born. There's quite a bit of money in there that he'd put into it. And credit cards." I patted his shoulder. "Don't worry, Dad. We're okay. And he's working at the shop. They make some good money, and we're putting a good chunk away." Dad looked down at me, his hand coming up to pet my hair. "Your momma's right. You and Walker have gone and grown up on us. Baby, I'm sorry about how I've been with Embry. I just feel like there's something that you two aren't telling us." Taking a deep breath, I gripped his hand. "That's because there is. But, it's not that we don't want to tell you. It's that we can't. And no, I'm still not pregnant. That, I would tell you. This is bigger than that. Maybe someday, we can tell you. But not until you and Embry start actually getting along." He studied me for a moment. "Does this something have anything to do with how fast you two are moving?" I nodded. "In a way, yes. He told you that he and Christa are different from...normal people. That's true. They are. There are a lot of people down on the rez that are like them. A...side effect of that difference helps to move relationships fast. Listen, Dad. I know you think that I'm just hormonal. I kind of am. I'm eighteen. But I'm not lost to it. I still listen to my brain. Both my brain and heart are in sync with this decision. Embry is the man I love. I'll never look at another man. Ever. And he does take incredible care of me. I know he's aggressive with you, and I'll talk to him about that. He probably doesn't even realize it." I hugged him. "But for me, please, Dad. He makes me happy and I want more than anything for you to get along. You have more in common than you think. Just talk to him." Wrapping his arms around me, I felt his chin rest on top of my head. "He really means that much to you, doesn't he?" I nodded. "He's my everything. And he knows my story. He won't abandon me like my birth parents because he knows what it's like to be left behind. He'd never do that to me, or any kids we may have. I trust him." He took in a deep breath and sighed it out, hands rubbing up and down my back. "Okay, baby. Okay. The more I get to know Christa, the more I like her. Maybe Embry and I can work something out." "Thank you," I whispered through the lump in my throat. And then the doorbell rang. Pulling away from him, I wiped at my eyes. "Furniture's here." "Alright," he said, wrapping his arm around my shoulder. "Let's get this done, shall we?" Grinning up at him, I went for the door. "I love you, Daddy. Thank you for helping." "Anything for my little girl." The rest of the day was spent exchanging all the furniture. The truck was set to take all the old stuff back up to Embry's mom. Dad and I spent the afternoon moving it all around trying to find the right places. Eventually, Mom came down with lasagna for when dinner rolled around, having asked for directions at the flower shop to get here. She helped us arrange the house. When Embry came home, his eyebrows rose. He was greasy and sweaty, but helped out Dad as we tried to decide what look we liked the best. Mom and I stood off to the side telling them where to move everything. They both muttered about women under their breath. Eventually, Mom and I took pity on them and made them stop. Embry went to take a quick shower before we all sat down to dinner. For once, it was a civil affair. Dad started conversations with Embry about the house and work. Mom and I started talking about the wedding. Over all, it was a good start to family time. Month numero uno! How do we feel about it? Please let me know. As I told one of my reviewers, I do read each and every review. Sometimes you guys say stuff that inspires me and you think I'm reading your mind! Nope! I'm taking inspiration from your thoughts, so please review! They really are helpful! Love you guys! xoxoxoxoxo