and kissed the top of it, he pulled away with that smirk still in place. "Such warm skin." He said. Renesmee rolled her eyes as she lined up the dots in her head. Still manners were manners she could show him a little before she called him out. "Renesmee Cullen." She replied as nicely as she could. Chelsea decided to jump in then. "Now that we all know each other, will you leave?" She asked Demetri. It was obvious to Renesmee that Chelsea and Demetri had some sort of dysfunctional history together by the way the beautiful vampress was practically pushing the blonde out of the room. Demetri though seemed undeterred by the other woman as he ignored her. "So Renesmee I'm aware that your fiancé sees that you don't want to marry him, perhaps maybe sometime you'd like to- -No." Renesmee cut off harshly. Demetri's eyes widened in shock, while Chelsea smiled smugly at him. "I'm sorry but I don't waste precious time with womanizers, and you are a womanizer, so if you will be on your way so I can get ready." She continued It didn't take long for Demetri to grasp the painfully obvious message, so it was expected when he stormed out of the room angrily like a child throwing a tantrum. "Wow I haven't seen Demetri so embarrassed in over two hundred years." Chelsea said with that smug smile still in tact. Renesmee sighed as she turned to the other woman as she spoke tiredly. "Was there a reason you came here?" She asked Chelsea's smile turned soft as she replied. "Aro sent me to tell you to be out side in front of the office and wait for your escort there, and leave your clothes in the bathroom for the maids to pickup." Renesmee nodded her head in understand . "Okay then I'll be going now."She said as she spun on her heels. "Oh yeah one more thing." Chelsea said as she spun back around to Renesmee and handed her the key to the room. "Thank you." Renesmee said. Chelsea smiled brightly at her before she skipped away her voice singing a beautiful reply back. "It was nice to meet you Renesmee." She would've never guessed that the Volturi had a cheerful female member & a womanizer within their guard. Shaking her head she crossed the room to the double doors using her vampire speed and locked it before running back to the bedroom, reaching behind her she undid the zipper of her dress as she walked to the entrance of the bathroom. Opening one of the doors she walked into the large and beautiful lavatory, the walls were the same teak as the room and the floor a gorgeous brown marble, a built in vanity was at the end of the bathroom, a wall separating it from the sink, right next to the vanity was another door as well. The shower was on the left side of the room, the tub was on the left, and next to the double doors where she stood was a dark teak armoire. Walking over to the last door, she opened it and found a spacious walk in closet, with dark teak wood, and champagne marble colored granite tops for the dressers, it was completely empty though. Walking out she walked over to the armoire and opened it, finding a few towels in it. Closing it she walked over to the shower stall opening the clear door she hung the towel over the stall reaching for the hot water knob she turned it all the way. When the room was steamy and moist, she slipped out of her strapless bra and panties and stepped into the clear, and fogged stall. It was in there that her mind wondered over to her family in Forks, her mother was probably having a breakdown, her father looking under every crevice and rock he could see. Alice was most likely hiding with Jasper protecting her from anybody who became her enemy, Rose was most likely helping Alice some way and her father in another, Emmett right along with her. Carlisle was helping everyone, with Esme caring for all of them, both keeping close eyes on her parents, and Charlie probably didn't know as always. Then there was Jacob, she couldn't even think of what he was doing, it could be moaning in pain and falling into a depression so deep he couldn't come out that was caused by her abandonment. He could even be searching high & low for her, tiring out the whole pack, he himself, and refusing to give up, worse scenario he was fighting with anyone who got on his bad side. Deep down though she knew it had to be, she couldn't allow them to control her, and she wouldn't continue to be in a one-sided relationship anymore. She was a grown woman now, she needed to live life, experience things, learn from people and experiences, and she needed to make her own decisions. Sad as it was every mistake she'd ever made her parents always took the blame for her, that wasn't how it was suppose to be though. There would've come a time where the punishment could be something even she knew they couldn't take for her. So if it meant having to run to the people her parents wanted nothing to do with, then so be it. Watching the blood mix with the water, and go down the drain she sighed, hoping that, that wasn't what was going to happen to her. Well Thanks for reading. 1) I'm mixing movies, and books together, so the characters look like the ones in the movies. 2)If you want too see my version of eighteen year old Renesmee then check out the link on my profile, and you'll also find some more links to other stuff later on., she doesn't look eighteen, but a bit younger thought it would go nice with the Alec character Anymore questions?