out. "Hey beautiful." Pulling her close, he pecks her on the cheek and whispers something against her skin before looking at me. "Bells, this is Rose." "Hi," she extends her hand, smiling brightly with her eyes twinkling beneath her flawless Adele eyeliner, "it's so good to finally meet you!" Her grip is strong, but not in a menacing way like his girlfriends before. Those chicks were sending a message, this one not so much. "It's great to meet you, too." "Why don't you two go find a seat and I'll grab some drinks," Emmett offers, motioning to the bar. "Ooh, good call." She presses a hand to her chest. "I'll have a vodka tonic. Bella?" "Same." "Two vodka tonics—got it." He turns to leave when Rose speaks again. "Ya know, better double up on that, I don't want you running to the bar all night. Bella?" I smile at Em, thinking this one may be all right after all. "Same." For the next thirty minutes, Rose and I gab nonstop. Emmett's right; this girl is nothing like the others. She's smart and sweet and she eats carbs which pretty much makes her Mary Poppins in my book. Practically perfect in every way, except for the whole running for fun thing . Apparently that's how she and Emmett got to know each other, training together to run a 10K. I make a mental note to find her on Instagram to see if they take those gym couple pics where they kiss above the chin-up bar and use questionable hashtags like fit couple or beauty and the beast mode. "So we're thinking of doing a mud run in a few weeks," she mentions casually between sips of her drink. "You want to do it with us?" "Bella doesn't run," Em chimes in, "she shuffles." "I can run," I counter indignantly to which Rose smiles weakly, looking relatively unconvinced so I add, "I even have a treadmill." "That she hangs her clothes on." I'm about to give him the finger when the clinking of glasses rings out from across the rooftop. "They're here," Rose whispers, tapping Em's knee and pointing to the bar area. Em and I both look over to see a crowd forming, surrounding a striking blond man with a slender woman at his side. "That's Carlisle and Esme, the owners." Polished and pressed from head to toe, the blond seems like he's a suit trying not to look like a suit with his casual stance and top button undone while the woman beside him appears a little less stiff with her flowing dress and wavy hair. "Huh," Emmett blurts, studying the couple with a furrowed brow, "I expected them to be hippies." "Pfft. No way," Rose scoffs. "Esme is a bit of a free spirit, but not Carlisle. Before this he was a hedge fund manager. He's actually a –" I tune her out, focusing my attention on the younger, taller version of the Wolf of Wall Street sidling up to the couple. It's clear the men are related with their similar facial features and uncanny ability to work a suit. But for every likeness, they're vastly different. I can't quite put my finger on it. "Who's that?" I ask just above a whisper, not really meaning to say it aloud. Rose follows my gaze and smirks when she sees who I'm asking about. "That's Carlisle's brother, Edward." She lowers her voice. "But everyone calls him E.C ." The clinking stops altogether as Carlisle steps forward and the partygoers quiet down to hear him speak. "This is an exciting time in the cannabis industry, my friends. The green rush is upon us and I am … confident ," he pauses, letting that word hang there for a moment, "that The Healing Collective will soon be at the forefront of this movement." He slips his hand into his pants pocket and rocks back on his heels. "When I approached each of you, asking you to consider investing in this vision, I promised you that THC would have an edge ." Shifting, he faces the other side of the rooftop. "I … assured you that our establishment would be the premier dispensary for medicinal and recreational cannabis in the state. Did I not?" I notice several of the guests nodding to which he smiles wolfishly. "Exclusivity, my friends, it has its merits." Lowering his head, he takes a few steps and places his hand on his brother's shoulder before looking out to the crowd again. "And thanks to this young man right here, not only will THC breed, grow, and sell the most potent strains on the market today; we will also be the sole distributor of his future Cannabis Cup winning strain." "Ladies and gentlemen, please raise your glasses," he continues, stepping forward and holding his beer bottle high above his head. "To all the green on the horizon." There are some hoots and hollers and laughter from the crowd. "The green that'll line our pockets and the green that will put us on the map, THC's very own hybrid marijuana strain … E.C. Kush." A/N: *Lay and Carrie ZM wave frantically* Hi all! It's been a while, but we're back with a quickie. Updates will be every Thursday night until complete. Huge love and thanks to my fellow Admins at The Lemonade Stand for teasing Kush on their Sneak Peek feature. I appreciate it, pals! Lots of great fics out there right now, but here's a couple we're loving. Time to let it WIP! Dark Thing Make a Myth of Yourself by bicyclesarecool - *swoons* Check this one out peeps – you'll love this starry-eyed Edward so, so much. Island Nights by Compass54 - *twirls* A bad boy gone good and done right by our fandom love from down unda', Compass54. Don't miss it, pals! We're always looking for new fics to read - make sure to let us know which WIP is owning you these days. Thanks for reading!