you back home Jacob?" " Sure." Jacob replied. " Well I'll see you around Bella." He got into the car along with Chief Swan. I went into the house and went upstairs into the room I was staying in. I got on the bed. I must have been tired because I dozed off to sleep. Again I was under something. I looked around and seen computers all around. I looked to the other side of me. Again there was a dark haired man staring down at me with his red eyes. A woman came and stood next to the man. They seemed to be talking. I couldn't put my finger on it but somehow I know the woman. Then I felt this horrible sting. Again I wanted to scream but my mouth wouldn't open. I woke up and notice it was dark. I decided to go downstairs, to fix me something to eat. Charlie wasn't back yet. I went into the kitchen and I looked in the cabinets, in the refrigerator and I found nothing. Then I heard the front door opened. It was chief Swan coming back with a box. " Well hello Bella. You finally decided to wake up." He said. " Yeah, I didn't think I was sleeping that long." " Well it's ok. I knew you would be hungry so I went to order takeout. Hope you like Chinese food." " Sure." I sat down at the table while he got the plates, and fix the food. " Do you mind if I called you Charlie instead of chief Swan?" I asked him. " Not at all. You can call me Charlie." He told me. He sat down and started to eat. "Well I guess I will show you how to drive tomorrow, then you would be able to go to school next week." " You had already enrolled me to go to Forks high school." I said. " Yeah I put you under my name, since you don't have a last name. Is that ok with you." " No not at all." He was the first one to finish eating. He washed his plate, and said that he will be in living room, if I needed him. I finish eating and washed my plate. Then I sat in the living room with him. He had sports on tv. We watch tv for a while, then he told me that he was going to bed, and that I could stay and watch tv. I turned on the news. There were pictures of missing people on the television but I didn't see my picture. I guess no one was looking for me. I flip through the channels and found this movie that was interesting. A Chinese man was kicking butt. Suddenly I found myself standing up. The Chinese man did a back flip and turn around and kicked two men at the same time. That was so cool, so I decided to try it too. I did a back flip, turned and kicked up in the air. I was amazed how I was able to do that. So I watched the man do more fighting. He did more back flips, punching, and kicking. So I did the same thing he did. Then he ran up the wall and flipped back off of it making the other man run to the wall. I had to try it. I seen a bare wall and decided to try it also. To my surprise I did it. I turned back to the tv and watched the Chinese man do more. He did more air kicking, so did I. Then he fell and got up using his hands and pushing his body back up, and fought again. Almost everything he did so did I. Then he said something in Chinese. When I did a spinning air kick and turned around, Charlie was staring at me with wide eyes. Then I said the same thing the man said in Chinese. " What did that mean? How do you know how to speak Chinese? And how can you do all of that." He said amazed. So I told him. " The phrase in Chinese mean, "you cannot defeat the dragon." I learn how to say that by watching tv, and I learn how to do all those fighting moves from tv also." I told Charlie. " I didn't mean to wake you." "No, not at all but the was pretty impressive." He told me. " Thank you." I replied. He looked at the clock, so did I and notice it was getting pretty late. " I better go to bed." I told him. "Ok. Good night." "Good night." I said back to him. I started to go upstairs but then I stopped, and turn back to him. " I was wondering what was in the box you brought with you along with the food." I asked him. " Oh, I almost forgot the box had some clothes in it that I got for you from my friend, Sue Clearwater. She has a daughter, and she had old clothes that couldn't fit her anymore. So I told her about you, and she gave me the box of clothes. I hope they all fit you." He went to retrieve the box from the kitchen where he left it. He gave me the box and told me that the bathroom was at the end of the hall. "Thank you." I said to him. I went upstairs and went toward the bathroom. He gave me a rag, and a towel. He went into his room. I went into the bathroom, put the box on the floor and opened it. Inside was shirts, jeans, shorts, t-shirts, and under clothes. I took a shower and put on shorts and a t- shirt. I took the box into my room, and put the clothes into the dresser. Then I got into bed. Tomorrow would be the start of a new day.