chemistry," Will announced when they turned to him. Mom took another drink of water. "What about Maddox and Ash?" "Dox said the teacher gave them a formula sheet. He said it was the easiest exam of his life. And Ash had lit. We all know he passed with flying colors." Will got up to fill his glass again but with blood this time instead of water. When he caught me staring at the glass before he sat down, he asked, "You want some?" I nodded. "Yes, please." Ever since we were little, we'd craved blood. Maddox and Ash, too. Will set a glass down in front of me. Where Mom and the others preferred it warm, we liked it ice cold from the fridge. "Thanks." The front door opened a second later and the twins spilled in. "Well," Ash was saying. "If you wouldn't flirt with them, they'd leave you alone. You have no right to complain." "How come you never have girl problems? We look exactly alike." Ash sighed as he went into the kitchen, grabbed a couple of glasses, and then filled them with blood. "Are you being dense on purpose?" he asked, setting one glass in front of his twin before coming around to sit with me. He gave me a look that said "can I kill him now?" I chuckled and rubbed his arm. "Seriously, though," Dox said. "The girls don't bother you." Mom had mercy on Ash. She leaned forward and reached over to pat Maddox's leg. "Honey, your brother isn't as…flamboyant…as you are. Where you're the extrovert, he's the introvert, keeping his head down. The girls always notice the ones full of energy first." She looked at Ash. "No offense, sweetie." He shrugged. "None taken." "It's the quiet ones you gotta watch out for anyway," Dad said, raising is glass to Ash. Ash grinned and nodded. The only people who could make him grin like that were all in this room. He seemed so much more alive when he was just chilling with us. But when we were out in public, he closed up and smiled occasionally. "So when's the party?" Mom asked. "Later tonight," Will said. "Bonfire out on the cliffs as usual." "Are all of you going?" She asked it nonchalantly, but the four of us shared an amused look. The 'rents wanted together time. Dad chuckled as he saw us bounce the look across the table. I suppressed a grin. "Yes, Mom. We're all going. You and Dad can have the house." Ash laughed. "We can crash elsewhere if need be." Leaning back, Dad took his keys out of his pocket and threw them to Will. "Take the truck just in case. They cleared a new dirt road out there." Mom was blushing. "We can't hide anything, can we?" she asked Dad. Dox patted her shoulder. "Hey, it worked when we were little, but we're in high school and have had sex ed. Don't think that we actually like knowing what you and Dad do when we're not here. A warning is so much better than walking in on you. I mean, you're both attractive people, hence the reason the four of us look good and I can't shake the ladies, but honestly Mom, I don't wanna see that. I will die happy if I never do." She laughed. "How do you do that?" "What? Be awesome? You and Dad can take the credit. I don't mind." Mom looked at Dad, grinning, and shook her head. "We have some interesting kids, Jacob." He chuckled. "I'm beginning to understand that." "What I meant was," Mom said, "how do you diffuse embarrassing situations?" He shrugged. "I have no clue. Maybe it's my flamboyance-ness." "That is not a word," Ash and I said together. Dox looked over at us. "It is in my book." Mom and Dad laughed. "Go get ready for your party," Mom said. "Do I need to fix you dinner before you go out? I can never remember." "No," Will said as we all got up from the table to put our empty cups in the sink. "They'll have food there. All the seniors cook out. We'll be alright." We all trooped upstairs. I grabbed Ash before he went into the room he shared with Maddox and pulled him into my room. "What?" he asked. "Everything okay?" I closed my door part of the way. "I am. Are you? From earlier?" Even though he was a freshman, now sophomore, he was half a head taller than me and I wasn't short at 5'7". He smiled. "Yeah, big sister. I'm fine. Promise. Or I will be if you don't wear something slutty. I don't want to have to keep an eye on you all night." I laughed, but the humor didn't reach my eyes. "You, Will, and Dox will watch over me even if I were dressed in a parka and baggy sweatpants." "True. Still the only skin I wanna see are your arms and face. Got it?" I loved it when he tried to boss me. He sounded like Dad and Will. I held up a salute. "Scout's honor." "Uh-huh," he muttered. Going on my toes, I kissed his cheek. "Nothing provocative," I warned him back. "I don't wanna have to be peeling girls off my baby brother. I'll do it, too." He shook his head. "With Maddox and Will around, I highly doubt you need to worry about me." With that cryptic remark, he vanished and closed my door behind him. Sighing in frustration at the male species, I went to find an outfit to wear for the night's festivities. So what do we think? Do we like the kids? I love them. Ash is a little shy with me so he's giving me problems, but I'm sure he and I will come to some sort of agreement. Please let me know what you think! Love all y'all! Yes, I live in the south. Y'all is in my vocab. xoxoxoxoxo