was shut behind me, I couldn't help but think of how annoyed I should be at Edward for pushing me back to my prison. I soon realized that I wasn't annoyed; in fact, I couldn't wait to see him again! I would see him again, I'll make sure of it. "Isabella, what the hell were you thinking?" My father asked angrily as he shut the door behind him into my room the next morning. "Leaving at two o'clock in the morning? In Sasha? You know she's my pride and joy, why would you take her? Then, on top of all that, my men find you in a tattoo shop? What was—" "Dad!" I cut him off, "I'm sorry, okay? I won't do it again." I promised, not meaning a word of it. "Damn right you won't do it again! What were you thinking, Isabella?" He asked, sitting down on one of the pastel couches in my sitting room. I had just woken up so I was eating a bagel on one of my couches. "I don't know…" I lied, "I just felt like I had to…um…go?" I shrugged lamely. My father actually rolled his eyes at me. "You felt like you had to go." He repeated, pursing his lips in thought. "So is that why you weren't seen on any of the cameras in the house? You weren't seen until you exited the house, which is where in every camera you can be seen running toward Sasha like a madwoman. Explain that, Isabella." He asked with his eyebrows raised high on his face. Well, fuck. "I felt…adventurous?" I guessed, knowing I was done for. "Wrong. You were sneaking out. Don't forget that I was once a teenager as well, Bells." He told me, his expression and voice softening. "You're still grounded, though. I don't know what encouraged you to act out like this, but don't let it happen again. Do you understand?" "Yes, sir." I said evenly even though I was fuming on the inside. He fucking grounded me! I've never been grounded before! It's all Edward's fault. He pushed you back towards the Suits! My inner voice blamed. No… It could never be Edward's fault, I defended. Edward… I was ripped away from my beautiful, Edward-filled musings by a knock on my door and then Natalie, one of the maids, poked her head through the door. "Jacob Black is here to see you, Miss Bella." She informed respectively. I internally groaned. Jacob Black is the son of one of my fathers' political partners, Billy Black. While Jacob has grown up almost exactly like me, he doesn't mind it. He loves politics and cameras, especially when said camera has an interviewer behind it asking him questions. Jacob Black thinks Jacob Black is the bee's knees, arms, and legs. Sure he's a gentleman in theory, but he's also a total ass. "Thank you, Natalie." I responded. I walked to my closet and threw on a perfect American sweetheart outfit. I took my time walking through the long, elegant hallways of my prison before I reached the sitting room I knew he would be waiting for me in. "Jacob." I greeted with a fake smile. He stood up from his spot on the couch and walked over to me. "Isabella!" He said excitedly, wrapping his arms around me a little too tight for comfort. "You look beautiful this morning." I laughed uncomfortably. "So, Jacob, to what do I owe this pleasure?" I asked a bit sarcastically after I recovered. "I have come to ask if you would accompany me to the Presidential Gala." He informed me innocently enough. His confidence in his eyes bothered me, though. It was if he expected me to say 'yes'. Out of spite I said, "No." A sweet smile graced my lips. His eyebrows shot to the roof, and his eyes widened a bit. "No?" He asked, astounded. "I'm going alone this year, if I go at all." I informed him, turning around and walking towards the dining room where platters of food were set up amongst empty chairs. "Why?" He demanded, apparently over his shock as anger took over. "Because, Jacob, I don't want to go." I explained simply as I reached for a delicious looking croissant role. "I'm confused. I thought we had a great time at the benefit last month." He offered. I rolled my eyes and turned towards him, half a roll in my hand, the other half in my mouth. Last month I had gone with him to a benefit for my father out of obligation and obligation alone. What a douche-ka-bob.. . 'It's proper to bring a date, Isabella,' my stepmother had reminded me. I spent the entire night listening to Jacob talk about him and his father's "miraculous" achievements. Like I said - douche-ka-bob . I swallowed my roll and then spoke. "I just don't like those types of things. They're boring." I explained, shrugging my shoulders and turning back toward the various platters of goodies. He huffed, "You have to go with me, Isabella." Excuse me!? I snorted and his eyes widened. "I have to? Jacob, I don't have to do anything! I'm not going with you and that's final." I fumed, and then promptly stomped out of the room and towards the front door. My father said I was grounded, but I don't see him around to stop me from leaving. So, how was it? I should be posting a new chapter about once a week after the first three chapters are edited and posted. For those of you who don't know, I wrote and posted this story when I was 16 and it sucked to say the least. I then recently decided that I was going to revise it, make it better, and re-post it! I plan on making it better from here on out, but the first three chapters may be a bit difficult. Hope y'all can stick with me! Thank you & please review! :)