glossed right over the food and went straight for the coffee pot, filling my mug half way with what might as well be the nectar of life and then filling the other half with the white chocolate mocha creamer my mom had left on the counter for me. I took a sip of the warm beige liquid filling my cup and sighed contentedly as I felt it descend, warming my tummy with it's familiar caffeine-y goodness. When I looked up, I saw Collin and Brady staring at me with amused looks on their faces. Mom and Sarah paid the rest of us no mind as they filled up plates and mom took her to see the rest of the house. "You really like coffee, huh?" said Brady, chuckling a little. I then noticed that I'd even grabbed my, "Give me coffee and no one gets hurt mug," further solidifying the coffee addict vibe. I grinned, laughing a little myself. "Figure that out on your own, Sherlock?" I quipped. "I'll have you know that coffee sustains my life force and the vivacious person who you have not yet met but I will become later in the day when my caffeine hits." Both of them laughed, and we all filled our plates with the absolute smorgasbord that mom had prepared. I decided to make two little English muffin sandwiches with the eggs and bacon, pulling some cheese slices from the fridge to complete them. Collin copied me, stealing some of my cheese, for which I bump him with my shoulder. I already felt rather comfortable with the boys and I was excited to meet the rest of the guys in "the pack." The three of us sat down at the breakfast table together, chatting comfortably. "So, Sydney, how old are you?" Brady asked. I looked at Brady and cocked an eyebrow. "Didn't your mother ever tell you it's not polite to ask a lady how old she is?" "I don't see any lady." I threw a grape at the smirking Brady, but he just leaned and caught it with his mouth. I pout a little at my fun being spoiled. "I'm 20." Brady groans. "Damn, I was hoping you were still in high school... I'd have loved to walk in tomorrow with a hot chick." Collin laughs mockingly. "Like she would have walked in with you anyway. I'm her cousin... sort of. I would have shown her the ropes." I rolled my eyes, super glad that I was done with high school. While hanging out with these guys wouldn't have been terrible, going back to high school would not have been worth it. I took another gulp of my coffee while they bickered a little bit about how my first theoretical day at the res high school would have gone. I thought about my last day in a normal high school. My family was moving to Oklahoma and I was going to be doing online schooling for the remainder of my junior year as well as my senior year. I thought about all the friends I said good bye to and the boyfriend I'd had to break up with. Yeah, I definitely never wanted to go back to high school. "Hey, Syd," Collin said, breaking me from my thoughts. "Do you want to come with us to meet the pack after school tomorrow? Sam and Emily are doing burgers tomorrow night for everyone. I'm sure they wouldn't mind throwing a couple extra patties on the grill." I smiled, delighted by the invitation. "Sure! I'd love to meet everyone." "Maybe I'll feed you a french fry," Brady said suggestively, waggling his eyebrows comically. I made a face and a gagging noise, causing his face to drop and Collin to laugh heartily. Brady pouted and crossed his arms, slouching in his chair. "Oh yeah, she's definitely going to get along with the other girls," he grumbled. We spent the rest of the morning talking like old friends. The boys put away more food that morning apiece than I would for the rest of the day. At some point, mom and Sarah came back to the kitchen after mom had finished showing her the house. All and all, my first morning in La Push was the best morning I'd had in a long time. It looked like everyone was going to be very welcoming and I was already making friends. Eventually, though, Sarah said something about needing to get home and having errands to run before too much of the day. Mom and I saw them off at the door. She turned to me and said, "It seems like those boys were really nice." Mom nudged me. "Look at you, already making friends." She then disappeared off into the house to do more unpacking, I was sure. I smiled, and headed upstairs to listen to some music and get my room in order. I was inexplicably happy for the rest of the day, even though I was just unpacking, but I'd already started making new friends and I was invited to a party (sort of) the day after I'd moved. All in all, it seemed like this was going to be a good new beginning, no matter how cheesy that sounded. A/N: It took me, like, no time (relatively) to write this. Hopefully the words keep flowing smoothly for me as I continue this rewrite. I said I might do it years ago, and I'm sorry to any of my old readers who might still be following me and happen to find this reboot. Just to clarify, Jake, Quil and Embry are the same age as Sydney, but I will be aging up Sam, Paul, Jared and Leah, as well as Kim, Emily and Claire (because the whole Claire being 2 thing freaked me out. At least it was a little better if she was 13 to his 16.) I hope you enjoyed this as much as I enjoyed writing it. Lass of the Lake