you. No pretending, no caution. Just plain old, clumsy, silly me. As easy as breathing. Just Jake and Bells." She grinned. "Jake and Bells… I think I like the sound of that." He whispered with a wide grin. "I do too." She whispered in return wrapping her arms around his neck. "I have to tell the pack what happened you know." He said leaning in to just barely brush his lips against hers. Her kisses were fast becoming an addiction for him- now that she was kissing him willingly at least. Bella pouted. "Come with me to bed. Just until I fall asleep. Dad is still over at the Clearwaters' house. I don't want to be alone Jake. Please?" Jacob smiled. "Alright. Go on, get ready for bed. I'll call Sam. Once your asleep I'll phase to show the pack what happened. After that I'll come back and lay on the couch. Sound like a plan?" He asked. Bella gave him a wide happy smile. "Yeah. Hurry up." She laughed. Jacob shook his head and watched her dash up the stairs, surprisingly, without tripping. He pulled his cell phone from his pocket and dialed Sam's number. 'Hello?' "Sam… you're never going to guess what just happened." 'I don't have time for guessing games, Jacob. I'm right in the middle of-' Sam was the epitome of a mad wolf at the moment. "There was a leech at Bella's house- a Cullen." Jacob said interrupting him with a calm voice. 'What? When? Why didn't you call?!' Jacob shook off the mental picture of Sam foaming at the mouth in anger. Jacob laughed. "Glad I have your attention. Now listen close. We're fine. I'm going to get Bella settled down. Listen for my call. Let everyone know to be phased in, what you all see MIGHT shock you. But I swear it's all true!" 'Fine. An hour.' Sam grizzled. "sure. Sure." Jacob smirked. He'd have plenty of time to get Bella to bed. With the phone back in his pocket and the noise quieted down from Bella's room, Jacob was slinking up the steps. He knocked, slowly opened her door and smiled when he saw her already under her covers. He crossed the floor to her bed and smiled down at her. He watched her fold back the covers and scoot over to leave room for him as well as pat the mattress beside her. She was in a black spaghetti strap tank top that could pass as second skin it was so tight, and matching and extremely short sleep shorts. He could tell based on the lack of lines that there was nothing else underneath. "I'm not gonna bite Jake. Stop looking like you'd rather run away from me. Unless… I mean…you can leave if you want to…" Bella sighed, her smile falling slightly. "Nuh uh. Don't think like that Bells. I want to. I'm trying to calm my hormones. My wolf wants out." He said with closed eyes. Bella grinned coyly. "Well let him out." She said with a raised eyebrow. Jacob licked his suddenly very dry lips. His eyes slowly faded from brown to an almost pitch black. "Bells… please… don't tempt me." "Come here Jake. Please." Bella whispered huskily holding her hand out to him. Jake growled then, a low predatory sound that sent shivers down Bella's spine. He smirked and crawled deliberately slowly over her prone form. "You're playing with fire Bella." He whispered gruffly against her lips. Bella whimpered. "So don't let me get burned." She challenged before dragging him down for a searing kiss. Jacob groaned and silently thanked his pack for the barrage of sexual images they forever flashed each other through the pack mind. Nothing was left out from anyone. As he raised one of her thighs to his waist and ground his hips against hers, lost in a world of spiraling pleasure and hunger for the woman beneath him, he couldn't help but feel a slight bit smug that he was her final choice. His kisses moved from her lips to her ear, to her neck where he attacked the flesh with soft nips meant to leave a mark. Bella giggled at his antics before bringing their lips back together. She groaned when he pushed his hips harder against her causing pleasure to race through her body. Her nails trailed down his back hard enough to draw pink lines in his tanned skin. She smirked when he shuddered, his muscles rippling beneath the surface of his skin at her touch. She gasped when his fingers brushed over her already erect nipples through the cotton of her tank top. A howl pierced the fog of lust surrounding the two causing Bella to freeze. Jacob tilted his head to the side in concentration and listened intently. When a second then a third, fourth, and fifth howl were raised into the air, he cursed. "Jake?" "It's nothing bad… well kind of. We have a new brother to welcome." Bella smiled. "Go." "But…" "You can make it up to me later. Your pack needs you right now." She kissed his chest, right over his heart. "Go." Jacob smiled, love and adoration shining in his eyes. He would never be as grateful to his gods as he was then. Bella understood him, knew when she should be clingy and when to let him do what was needed. "Even if you're not ready to say it out loud, I DO love you Bella. I always have, and I always will." He whispered. Bella smiled. "Love you too Jake. Always." She answered him readily causing Jacob's breath to hitch. "Now go. Just come back soon." She smiled as she lay in her bed, still awake after Jacob had left her room. As sleep finally started to claim her, she couldn't help but send a silent prayer of thanks to every god, spirit, angel and higher power that she had had the strength to face her past and welcome her future.