you keep beating yourself up about the past. Look, I know it's not the same thing, but back before I phased and Sam left me for Emily, I didn't know about imprinting. He couldn't tell me. And I did some pretty stupid, desperate things to try to get him back. I tried to break them apart. I regret those actions. But I've let them go. They don't define who I am. They define a piece of my past. I learned and I moved on. You need to do the same thing." "I can't live without you." "You did before." Again, I went up on my elbow to look down at her. "Yes, before I ever met you. Now, I...I just can't. Please. Don't send me away. I don't want to try to guilt you, but Leah, you don't know how...unbearable...I'll be if you send me off. And it won't be deliberate. I'll go crazy, as will the wolf. Even if it's only a couple minutes away. You don't know how much you help me." "Clearly it's not enough. You need the kind of help that I can't give you. Maybe you should see Carlisle. I know he's not officially that kind of doctor but he's helping my brother." "You mean a therapist." "Yes. I know you hate the idea, but underneath the fact that you're a werewolf, you still suffered a huge loss. Even human men would need a therapist after the deaths of their families. And some of those men that don't get help go crazy." Her voice dropped to a whisper. "And I don't want that to be you." Ah. Now I knew. She wasn't angry. She was scared and worried. Leaning forward, I kissed her shoulder. "If I were to agree to start seeing Carlisle - if - would you still want me to go?" For a long moment, she thought about it. "You'd be doing something to help yourself, to help heal. And you'd need support. So...no. I'd help you. Even go with you if you wanted me to. But you'd have to really try, not just go because I won't kick you out." "Luv, I wouldn't offer to do something I hate and go through all that just to fake it." Rolling over toward my bedside table, I reached for my phone. While I wrote out the text, eyes adjusting to the sudden light, I heard Leah move behind me. "What are you doing?" I hit the send button before answering. "Texting Carlisle." Her sharp gasp brought my attention to her. Laying back down on my back, I stared up at her, moving her short hair behind her ear. "I told you. I love you. And as much as I hate the thought of therapy, you're right. I'm not getting better. I should be in the same mental state as my wolf, ready to mate you and have young with you. I truly thought I was but again, you're right. I draw away after interacting with the kids. Sometimes, after failing to protect my children, I feel that I don't have a right to be near any at all let alone have my own again." Tears shimmering in her eyes, she leaned down to kiss me. "And that's what you need to tell him. I love you so much, Caden. You just don't understand how lonely it was for so many years having to watch all these wolves who phased after me to be imprinting and starting families. To watch Sam and Emily, even though I was also strangely happy for them. And now I have you. I'll do anything to help you. I'll go to Carlisle with you or let you talk to me about it until my ears fall off. Talk to me about her, about your son if it would help you. I know you say it won't be fair to me, but if Carlisle thinks it'll help you heal, then I can take it, fair or not. Besides, if we're going to be mates for a long time, then I should know about you and you about me. That's what's fair." Smiling up at her, I said, "Should I just get 'Leah's always right' tattooed on me somewhere that the world can see it?" Chuckling, she sank down in the blankets and wrapped her arms around me, her ear against my heart. "Nah. Just keep telling it to me behind closed doors. I'll treat it like foreplay." I kissed the top of her head. "You know, I think if Alora were still alive, and something had happened where you and I still met, she would like you. And she wouldn't have hated me for yearning for you. She'd encourage me to leave her to be with you." "You think so?" "I know so. As long as I raised my children, stayed in their lives, she would have accepted it as merely a fact. A fact that you and I are supposed to be together. Because make no doubt, I would yearn for you. I'd ache for you. Even being away from you for a little while is difficult, and not just for the sex." She laughed against my skin. "When you get pregnant, don't be surprised if I never leave you alone, if I wait outside the bathroom for you. I'll become a thousand times worse than Jacob was with Nessie during her first pregnancy." "'When'?" she whispered. Swallowing hard, I nodded. "When. It will happen, Leah. I promise." Her small hand came up to stroke my chest. "Don't make promises you can't keep. First, let's just work on getting you better, okay?" Reaching up, I laced my fingers with hers over my chest. The other was stroking her back. "Alright, luv. That I can promise you. I promise that I will get better. For you. For our future." There weren't anymore words from her, but after a moment, I felt the slow, steady drip of her tears on my skin.