you think I am?" Jane moved closer to me and stretched up to get in my face. "Fucking Prove It!" She challenged. "That shouldn't be hard!" "No Edward. You should rephrase that. That isn't hard! If you had anything to offer I wouldn't have to look elsewhere for satisfaction!" Here she goes, trying to emasculate me. A tactic I was used to. "Well maybe if I had something fucking sensible in front of me I would be more enticed." I threw it back at her. "You son of Bitch!" Another nerve, I almost laughed. My temper was boiling over. I had to end this before it got physical. Jane was daring me with every move she made. "I want a divorce, Jane!" Again she stretched up to my face. "Never!" She pulled back. "This marriage, if that's what you'd call this farce of an arrangement, has never been more than one of your business transactions, a merger between our two families and I am not about to dissolve this contract." "Oh, what? Are you acting as Aro's insurance policy now? You think as long as we stay married Carlisle won't push your father out of the practice?" "Insurance policy? Are you saying I only married you to protect my father? Listen Saint Edward. You were fucking there and I didn't hear you speak up when the minister asked if there was any reason we shouldn't be married. If I am my father's insurance what the fuck are you?" That's what all of this was about. Jane pursued me and married me to give Carlisle a reason to want to protect Aro, preserve his side of the practice. Fuck, it was all making sense. I couldn't figure out why she went to so much trouble only to fuck around on me after we were married. I walked away from her, ran up the stairs and slammed the bedroom door shut. In no time I had a bag packed, grabbed my laptop along the way and stormed out. Jane didn't question me, she just watched me leave. I was disappointed I wouldn't get to see her reaction to all the broken shit littering the floor but I had to get out of there. I didn't want to bother my family at this hour. I thought about calling Tonya, she lived the closest to my work, for a place to crash but decided it would be better if I were alone tonight. I checked into a hotel, tossed and turned for a couple of hours, sleep was out of the question then headed into the office. "Good morning, Mr. Cullen." Gianna greeted me with wide eyes and a smile. I was surprised to see her sitting at her usual post on a Sunday but I didn't question it. I made sure my employees had unlimited access to the building, at least the floors dedicated to Cullen Industries, so they could put in all the time necessary to stay on top of their game. "Get Carlisle on the line for me." I snapped. Gianna worked for me long enough to know not to take my shit personally. I stood at the window waiting for Gianna to connect me with Carlisle. I was still fuming from the night before and the scene outside my window was nothing more than a blur. I wasn't able to focus on anything in particular. My office door opened and I turned to see Carlisle close the door behind him. "Gianna said you looked quite upset. Looks like she was right." Carlisle's calm demeanour helped slow my breathing. I sighed, "What are you doing here? I just asked Gianna to call you" He nodded his head, "things didn't go well last night." It was more of a statement then a question and I looked at him curiously. How did he know? As if reading my thoughts, he started, "Jane called Alice, Alice called your mother and so it goes." Carlisle was very calm and almost jovial in his rendition of the chain of command in our family's female circle. "She called Alice looking for my family to fucking side with her." I could feel my body starting to shake. "She's a fucking manipulative Bitch." Carlisle didn't react to my foul language, he was used to it although it was never tolerated in front of Esme. "I need to leave town. I have to get away for a while." "Edward, we all know what Jane Volturi is. We all know what the whole Volturi clan is. You never have to defend yourself to us. I hope you know that." I nodded but until last night I didn't know it. "I agree, I think some time away would be good for you." Carlisle paused. "I love you, son. Don't ever forget that." For the second time in as many days, I felt like falling apart and letting my parents protect me and put the pieces back together for me. I breathed deep and held my breath for a second, fighting for control of my fucking pussy emotions. "I'm going to stop by and see Alistair before I leave. Get him to draw up the divorce papers and serve them to that bitch. Then I'm going to drive up to the family house in Washington." Carlisle nodded. "I'll have my phone if you need anything." We gave each other a man hug, barely touching with a slap on the back. "I'll call mom when I get there." When Carlisle left I packed a few of my files in my briefcase and left my office. On the way out I told Gianna to redirect all of my calls to Riley. Riley was my right hand and I'd often left him in charge of things in my absence. I'd call him from the road to discuss things but he was more than capable of handling the workload and deciding what issues warranted my personal attention. I stepped onto the elevator and then I was gone.