lip. I grinned while shaking my head because she had a point. "Did I also mention I never had any friends over, either?" "My parents were so strict that I wasn't even allowed to have friends over unless it was for a study date, so you're not alone on that one," Angela replied will a roll of the eye. The lines around her mouth that resulted from her laughing were still present. "Oh no, my dad would always ask about my friends and why I never invited anyone over. If it weren't for Jake then I'm sure he would've thought I didn't have any." "Hmm, speaking of Jacob," Angela scooted back in my wooden chair and crossed her legs comfortably under her. I eyed her suspiciously out of the corner of my eye. "Why hasn't he visited you if you're as close as you say you two are? Where does he go to college?" I sighed. There was no way I could see Jacob leaving the pack and the reservation. It was his responsibility to protect the town of Forks from the 'cold ones' and uphold their traditions. Plus, bringing a temperamental wolf into one of the country's largest cities wasn't such a good idea. The skyscrapers and never-ending roads of cement and metal would drive his natural instincts insane. "He's still in high school," I said, which was true and a solid excuse. "And his dad is a handicap and Jake doesn't like leaving him alone even though Billy can get around fine on his own. They're very close." "He sounds like a good kid." "He's eighteen, actually." It slipped from my lips before I could even stop to think why I was so quick to correct her. Both her dark eyebrows shot up as her lips made a puckered O shape. I swiftly turned around to act like I was looking for something on my dresser so she couldn't see my eyes. I absently picked up and placed down a few random items several times to busy my empty left hand. "Oh," I could hear the smile on her lips as she said it. "He sounds like a good adult then." A few empty seconds of silence between us, then. "Is he single?" "Oh my god," I exclaimed and spun around to find her smirking to herself against the rim of her tea mug. "I'm asking for a friend," she insisted, bemusement dancing in her brown eyes. "I know what you're doing, Angela, and I'm not playing this game." I knew my cheeks were turning red and that was only encouraging her. Jacob Black and I were just friends. Sure, we might've shared a few innocent kisses in our teenage years but that was it. We never did anything more, despite Jake confessing he wanted to take things a step further. He wanted a relationship but when I told him I was moving across the country for college we both agreed long distance would be a terrible idea. He couldn't leave Forks and I was more than willing to escape that little rainy town and do things on my own. He was such a sweet guy but my feelings for him never passed that of just friends. I told him that much because he needed to know the truth and not stand around waiting for me like I was coming back. "What! I said I was asking for a friend!" I raised an unimpressed eyebrow. "Who just happens to be my beautiful, smart roommate who-" My cheeks burned as I marched past her, leaving my own bedroom instead of kicking her out. I heard her as she burst into another round of laughter as I made my way down the hall and forced my way into the bathroom. The door didn't slam as loudly as I wanted it too but I assumed the message got across. I know she was just teasing me, but I was surprised how affected I was by her jesting. Jacob and I were just friends, I was positive of that. I didn't feel anything romantic towards him but for some reason the thought of him still made me blush and feel like I was still in high school when we were at our closest. I suppose it's the childish innocence in him that brought it out in me. He was always going to be my best friend and nothing more. I was sure of that. I jumped in the shower and relaxed under the hammering of the warm water on my skin. I let all thoughts of my old friend back in Forks drift from my mind and focused on my day ahead. I really shouldn't have overslept. I still had more research to do on Scandinavian lore that I promised my mentor I would brush up on. There was a paranormal case in Minnesota that requested my organizations' service. I enjoyed studying and documenting the paranormal as my secret profession, truly it was amazing to be apart of an organization that I wasn't even aware existed until late in high school. And the position I applied to study under was perfect for someone like me. Ancient books and scrolls in a library that was as old as the country itself surrounded me. I was more than fine doing historical research – it just came easily to read and remember important facts, especially some as fascinating in the supernatural genre. The Trinity Order has an old code that they followed for centuries. 'Observe and persevere, but never contribute'. In other words, I was safe in my position. There was a gap between the Trinity Order and the supernatural that made us invisible and virtually untouchable to them. Or so we thought. Note: Should I keep this in first person point of view or change it to third? Anyway, thanks for reading and please review and tell me what you think so far. Can't wait to share this new story with you all. Cheers.