pulls me in for another heated kiss. This one is possessive and rough, causing me to moan loudly when he sucks my lip into his mouth. My hand roams over his chest, skimming lower and lower, until I reach his belt buckle. "I want you," I say simply, hoping that he'll hear the urgency in my voice. His eyes are on mine, staring intensely. I see him lick his lips and nod woodenly as he begins to loosen his belt buckle. Impatient, I start grabbing his shirt and try to pull it over his head. Within seconds he's naked in front of me, hard and ready. "Lay back, baby," he says, fisting his cock and running it over my slit. I lean back on my elbows because I don't want to miss any of this. His jaw tightens and I start inwardly giggling with glee. When it comes to fucking, Edward has two speeds – pure passion and fucking madman. God forgive me, I hope I get the latter. "Pill?" He grits out from clenched teeth. "Yes, just…please." "Please what, Bella?" he asks gripping my thigh tightly. He's waiting for me to garner the courage to say the words he wants to hear. "Fuck me," I beg quietly, closing my eyes at the feel of him sliding his cock over my slit. His lips curl into a smile against the base of my throat before chuckling darkly. "I'm not going to fuck you, Bella," he tells me slowly as he skims his nose up and down my neck. His hand softly ghosts its way from my thigh to my jaw before gripping my chin roughly. My eyes fly open and meet his. He looks like a man possessed as he presses his forehead against mine and clenches his jaw tightly. Every nerve ending in my body is standing on end when he speaks his next words to me. "I am going to tear that pussy up." I scream his name as he drives his cock deep inside of me. There is no teasing. No shallow dips or slow stretches. No easing it in tenderly to savor the splendor of being reunited. There's none of that because this isn't about that. This is about pleasing and punishing. Acknowledging and apologizing to one another for words left unsaid. This is not about reuniting. It's about reclaiming. Forceful and frantic, he pounds into me causing me to wince and whimper with each stroke. "So much better than I remember, baby," he grunts before running his tongue across my collarbone. "Tell me you love it, Bella," he demands before latching onto my nipple again. "Tell me you missed taking my cock!" I pant and nod incoherently as he rocks into my body harder. "I can't hear you, Bella," he bites the tender flesh of my neck and soothes it with his tongue. "I thought you wanted me to fuck you. You were begging for it," he breathes roughly against my cheek and grinds his pubic bone into my clit. He drops his voice low and brings it to my ear. "I thought you were going to be my dirty girl." The plea gets caught in my throat as he starts fucking me mercilessly. I lift my hips to meet his thrusts and claw at his shoulder blades. "That's it, baby," he rasps, nipping and biting his way down my jaw to speak against my lips. "There's my dirty girl." I close my eyes as he continues to slam into me. His breathing is ragged, though I can barely hear it over the sounds of the shifting pool table and the clanking cue balls. He must realize I am close because his thrusts become erratic and choppy as my muscles start to tighten around him. "You ready to cum, baby?" he asks, bringing two fingers down to slide against and circle my clit. I throw my head back as he continues furiously rubbing against me. He repositions my leg to rest on top of his shoulder, increasing his pace with each and every thrust. I desperately cling to him as the pressure builds, digging my fingernails into his flesh. His expression is intense and determined as his eyes meet mine. With one last powerful stroke, he stiffens and I feel him pulsing as he empties inside of me. He collapses on top of me grunting against the side of my face and grabbing a fist full of my hair. The small tug and his final rough thrust are enough to send me over the edge. I squeeze my eyes shut and release a silent scream as every muscle in my body spasms and clenches violently. We come down from our high quietly clinging to each other. Tender touches replace the raw need as he gently skims his fingers over my face. The throbbing ache is subsided for the moment. "That was..." I can tell he is searching for the right words. "Fuck. So much better than I remember." "The best," I say breathlessly. I keep my eyes closed, enjoying how he softly entwines our fingers. I don't want this feeling to end. "Bella?" He murmurs as he props himself on his elbow, peppering soft pecks on the sensitive skin of my shoulder. "Hmm?" I reply absently, far too distracted to form a more coherent sentence. When he doesn't answer right way, I turn to meet his gaze. He nervously flicks his tongue over his top lip and scratches the scruff on his jaw. "So where does this leave us?" Good question Edward - where does that leave us? I have a few ideas - but no posting schedule as of right now. In the meantime, please go check out the other Dirty Talkin' Edward entries - they are all fantastic. Fic Rec: One Day by RueforRegret - This WIP is absolutely owning me right now. It's got a little bit of everything - a must read in my opinion. Thanks so much for reading, pals!