fingers. I pull my lip through my teeth before continuing in a breathy whisper. " Your pussy." "You're goddamn right it is." His hand moves to my neck, lightly holding me in place as he presses into me once again. My back arches off the bed, lifting my hips to greedily take what he's so ferociously giving. "So close, baby!" Every inch of him is tensed, from the strain of his jaw to the rigid flex of his muscles. My fingers claw at him, tearing and raking down his back, marking him as I cry out with each and every brutal thrust. He hisses and tightens his grip on my hip, fury flashing briefly in his eyes, baring his teeth as he plunges deeper. "Harder," I moan out, my need deliciously close to being sated. He goes wild above me, taking me roughly, spurring me on with the raw, animalistic growls and grunts he's spewing against my skin. I feel my body stir. White hot flames consume me, igniting every inch of me. My cries go from deafening to earsplitting when I clench around him, relishing the feel of him stiffening and jerking deep inside of me. He collapses and slumps over me, crushing me with his weight as I continue to come apart beneath him. I admit that I miss it immediately when he rolls off of me a few moments later. The fan blows over us, cooling our heated flesh and drowning out the sounds of our harsh breathing. For several minutes, we both stare at the ceiling in silence. I close my eyes, savoring the feeling that there's no craving or need to be satisfied, no thirst to be quenched for the time being. All the while I'm wondering how fast he can get hard again, because I don't want this feeling to end, not ready for the emptiness to set in. He leans up on an elbow and runs the palm of his hand down over my body, following every inch with his gaze, and when he looks back up at me, I see another frenzy building and hear his simple demand. "More." I hear a click of a pen and look up to find Dr. Whitlock jotting a note into my file. His brow is furrowed, concern evident on his face for the first time since our session began. "So, that happened … repeatedly over the past three days," I mention casually, just in case wearing the same clothes days later isn't glaringly obvious to him. "Your move, doc." He looks up from my file. "You didn't mention taking any precautions." I shrug. "I've got the pill and a prayer." He shakes his head and tosses my file back on the couch. "Unfortunately for you, those don't protect you from STDs." I roll my eyes, partially annoyed at the health lecture and secretly mortified that the thought never crossed my mind in my haste to get my fix - repeatedly. So I lie. "He told me he's clean." The accusing brow lifts again, silently calling me out. "Right, well…you may want to get checked out just in case." Unable to find a way to put off the inevitable any longer, he sacrifices his queen. "So how are you feeling about the fact that you've relapsed?" "Indifferent," I tell him honestly and I see him tilt his head in question. "I feel … nothing." My phone buzzes against my leg, strengthening my resolve. "I mean, I get it. I know all your textbooks say that I probably feel shame or like a failure because I turn to the addiction to relieve the pain that's caused by the addiction." I draw a circle with my finger. "It's a vicious cycle or whatever." "It is," he says solemnly, leaning forward to level with me. "But you don't have to get caught in the cycle. There are alternatives to the choices you're making." I stare at him blankly. "There's prevention and rehabilitation programs that will help you learn the coping skills to prevent these types of slip-ups." I pick up my queen, clutching it tightly. "Now ultimately, the choice is yours." He weighs my options in his upturned palms. "Recovery or addiction?" My phone vibrates again, spurring me on as I knock his queen over sending it clattering against the chessboard. "Checkmate." We watch the piece spin on the board until it he stops it with his fingers. "What's the endgame here, Rosalie? What is it that you hope to get out of all this?" The pulsing of my phone is incessant, unrelenting much like my urges. I don't know what the endgame is, but I do know what I hope to get out of all of this. The only thing I want. The one thing I need. "More." A/N: This was my contribution to the SALIGIA compilation by The Sinners. It was a privilege to write with these lovely ladies and I encourage you to check out their sinful one-shots. All of the one-shots can be found on The Sinners account, or you can visit the writer accounts individually: DazzledIn2008 (Pride), Gothic Temptress (Envy), JonesnInDaHood (Wrath), Planetblue (Lust), Robsmyyummy Cabanaboy (Greed), and SexiLexiCullen (Sloth). I'm posting this from brunch with my boo, CarrieZM. Time for us to serve up a couple of hot WIPs for you guys to gobble down. Time to Let It WIP! My Ex-Con by Counselor - (*Lay flails through a megaphone*) Run, don't walk. Devour this - then hit up every single word she's ever written. True facts - I'm having a love affair with her storytelling. Hard Hearted's Edward and Bella shot to my Top 5 favorite E/B's with a bullet. Masen Manor - Vampward at his finest - a must read. Plus everyone can use a little Drotuno in their life. And if you aren't already, hop on the good foot and do the bad thing with our girl Planetblue. Badlands. Get in on the crazy love. Thanks so much for reading!