around her to pool at her feet. She was in a simple white bra with half cups to accommodate the dress and white lace panties. Instead of hunching in on herself, she stood straight, square shoulders, and stared at the wall. This time when he growled, it was low and warm, as if he couldn't help the sound coming out of him. He picked up the heavy weight of her long hair to rest it over her shoulder. A moment later, she felt his hot fingers skim down her back over the line of her spine, right down to the waist of her panties. Never had any boy or man ever touched her like this. The most was a shake of the hand and kiss on the cheek. Jacob was a lot of man, even without the wolf. He was an aggressive male, nothing passive about him. He could indeed take what he wanted, even if he was human. Every woman would gladly strip for him to touch them this way. Ren was the lucky lotto winner this time. However, she didn't know if she wanted her prize. She hadn't been lying when she'd thought that he was terrifying. With surprisingly gentle hands, he gripped her shoulders and turned her around. Luckily her hair was fanned out across her chest covering her barely covered breasts. Daring a look up at him, she found that his eyes had darkened to black, amber starting to leak over as he studied her. It was his turn to swallow hard. Unfortunately, standing there in nothing but her underwear, it was easy to feel small under that gaze. He swallowed again before rubbing his fingers over his mouth. And then he turned, hurrying for the bathroom around the other side of the bed. The door closed firmly behind him. She breathed out a sigh of relief and let the tension go from her body. Wanting to not be so revealing, she shut off the lights, welcoming the darkness to wrap around her. Now that he wasn't all up in her space, she was freezing. So, she pulled the black comforter down from the pillows and climbed into the cool sheets, yanking the blankets to her shoulders. On her side, she rested so that she faced the bedroom door, her back to the bathroom where he would come out. While he was out of the room, she pressed her face into the plush pillow and allowed herself a few silent tears. She kept reminding herself that she was doing her duty. Not for the reasons her mother made up, but for those girls. The girls like Mary. Ren was a dominant person, she knew that. She didn't take crap from people. Her Uncle Jasper had been in the military and had seen to it that she could take care of herself. Although her training hadn't really been for defending against werewolves, but at least she knew the basics and could work from there if she needed. But it wasn't as if other women couldn't handle the position. So why did she feel like she needed to do it? Because he'd picked her? If she hadn't been forced out on that road, he would have picked the next dominant female that he was attracted to. Probably someone much closer to his age. But again, why didn't he skip her and go to the next woman? Well, that was obvious. He was very attracted to her. It was a little creepy because he was so much older, but at the same time, Ren couldn't deny that she was attracted to him. He was everything a woman could want. Strong, sexily dominant. It also helped that he was a looker. Built like a mountain. Tall with broad shoulders. Naturally tanned skin since he was from the rez. Pitch black hair and dark brown eyes. Muscles in all the right places. Jacob Black was every woman's wet dream. Until he became scary. Behind her, the bathroom door opened. Trying to be nonchalant, she wiped the tears from her face as the bed dipped on his side. Of course, the bed was big enough, and she was on the edge on her side, that it barely jostled her. She frowned when she felt him move, and then the heat at her back. He also picked up a lock of her hair, inhaling deeply, hinting that he'd lifted it to his nose. Then he leaned up and reached over her to turn out the lamp on the bedside table. Complete darkness surrounded them. She stayed tense, taking shallow breaths, convinced he was going to try to cop a feel or something despite his words of no touching. Minutes passed without incident before she finally took a deep breath. His breaths were deep and even, but he did snore a little. Rolling partially onto her back, she studied him. No moonlight came through the thick curtains, so she had to wait for her eyes to adjust a bit more. Asleep, he was much less scary. The tension left his body. No lines at his eyes or mouth. Those perfect lips partly opened instead of pressed into a tight line. The skin between his brows was smooth instead of pulled down into a scowl. Like this, he was incredibly handsome, almost normal. But that didn't change anything. Tomorrow, he'd just go back to the fierce king he'd been today. Lying back down, Ren asked herself if she thought she'd ever get used to it. Unfortunately, there wasn't a voice that could give her a sure answer. Okay so this isn't all I have written. This is just a piece of what I wanted to present for inspection. Another thing I didn't mention up top was that I'm obviously trying my hand at writing in third person so if you see any "I, me, or my" I apologize. I'm new to third person. Again, I would love feedback on whether I should continue this! Thanks!