was absolutely positive I could keep my thirst under control. I also could not stay near Forks, I could not risk anyone seeing me when I was suppose to be dead. Looking down at my tattered and bloody clothing I thought 'first things first, I need new clothing'. Instantly I felt a twinge of pain knowing that my former best friend and sister; Alice, would have loved to hear me talking about new clothing. Thinking about her I wondered if maybe when they left she might have left some clothing behind, she always treated clothing at disposable anyways. Finding their old house was no issue at all, seeing the house again was the hard part. I had not been back here since my ill fated 18th birthday party. Swallowing down a sob I searched for a way in and found a glass double door on one of the upper balconies unlocked. The house felt eerie, almost dead. Looking around I realized that when they left they left most of their furniture. Odd, it almost looked like they were planning on returning. Shaking off that thought I head to what was Alice and Jasper's room. Once there I go to the closet and I am surprised that it is still almost full with clothing. Seeing a large duffel bag in the corner of the closet I grab it and start filling it with clothing. After filling the duffel bag with clothing and shoes I notice a small lock box on the top shelf. Curiosity got the best of me as I pried it open. There had to be close to $500,000.00 in there. Now, I have always been an honest person and would never steal from someone. But I really needed that money and who knows maybe I could someday pay her back. At least now I could could buy a car or some means of transportation if I wanted to. Stuffing the money into the bag and throwing it over my shoulder I say one last goodbye to the house and head out. Once outside I take a moment to take in my surroundings and say one last goodbye to the place and town that had always been my home. Who knows maybe someday I will return. With that last thought I started running north and into my new life as a vampire nomad. End Flashback Taking one last look down on the town, I make my way back to where I parked my car. I'm not really sure why I decided to come back here now. I had stayed a little too long at my last place and people were starting to notice that I was not changing. So after coming up with another reason for having to leave, I packed up and decided to return to where it all started. I had arrived just out side Forks about an hour ago but I had decided it would be best if I hunted before I went into town. Don't get me wrong, I have no issue being around humans. I was proud of the fact that I have never had human blood, but tomorrow I would be attending high school...again. And I with all the teenage hormones and what not that will be in the air I just want to take precautions. As I enter the town limits and make my way down the familiar streets I am amazed by how much my life had changed since I have been here last and yet everything here is pretty much the same. In the last 79 years I have lived many different lives and been many different people, but in this town I will always be Bella Swan. Over the years I have become quite proficient at faking documents of all sorts so I could fit into the human world. For example according to the paperwork that I created for my new identity I was Bella Marie Swan, not Isabella. I am an emancipated 17 year old who's parents died leaving her a small fortune and no other relatives. I have used several different name combinations over the year. But here I will always be Bella Swan. The human world is all about paperwork. Its amazing how much paperwork it takes to create a person, sometime I wonder how the Cullens did it so many times. It used to hurt to think of their names, but not so much anymore. But I still miss them. I rented a small house just on the outskirts of town that backed up right to the woods for easy hunting access. Its amazing how you can get things taken care of with no questions asked, for the right amount of money that is. I just offered them 2 year in advance rent above what they were asking and I had the keys the next day. Once I arrive at the house I see that my belongings have been already delivered and I'm thankful for the darkness and tree cover so I can unpack and put things away at vamp speed without being seen. It takes about an hour to get everything put away and settled in. Once I was done with I head into the detached garage to check on one of my most prized possession, my BMW S1000XR motorcycle. I love the custom paint job I had done on it, all the metal is soft matte black while the body is a deep twilight blue. Very ostentatious. When I was human I would have been scared to death to even look at a motorcycle let alone ride one. But I love the speed and control I have while on it. Its almost as fun as running. After making sure that my bike made the journey here unharmed I head back in and settle down on the couch with one of my books. Tomorrow will be my 'first day' at Forks high and it should be interesting. Slightly Re-written and corrected chapter. Please R/R