know why she came back. "Bella, I never wanted to leave in the first place." She glanced around the room checking that all of the doctors and staff had gone. "Bells, I'm just so glad that you're safe. I got to you in time, sort of. This could have ended a lot worse but I managed to help save you." I looked at her, utterly bewildered. Alice had saved me? "How?" she looked at me dead in the eyes, neither of us breaking the contact. The tension was building up between us both but neither of us was backing down. "I had a vision of you Bella. When I left, I could still see you clearly for around two weeks, then that was it, I couldn't see anything. It killed me not being able to see you in my visions, the future would change so often, then this morning I had a vision that I never ever want to experience in my existence again. Especially when it's concerning you Bella." I nodded at her, eagerly ready to listen to more. "I saw you, you was on the phone making a call, you wasn't concentrating on where you was going, there was another car coming round except this car needed to hit you at the right angle in order for you to survive. As soon as I saw the vision I ran all the way back, just like I've been dying to do for the past month. I came back to protect you." She came back to protect me? She ruined me when she left. "How can you say you came back to protect me Alice? It was YOU that left me, remember. You killed me that day. If it wasn't for Jake then I would have been half way across the country by now! And I would've been dead a long time ago." Alice winced at my words. "Excuse me, Bella, could we have a talk please?" the doctor had walked into my room. Alice got up to leave. "Alice you can stay. We're not finished yet. What's the matter doc?" he looked between me and Alice. "We found traces of marijuana in your bloods." Alice's mouth dropped and she starred at me. "What!" she shrieked out. "That's what you've been doing since I left! Sat getting high! You was high whilst you were driving, how could you be so stupid and reckless Bella!" Everything inside me wanted to curl up and crawl under a rock, but I had to front this. "What do you give a shit as to what I've been doing?! You fucking left me remember. You have no right to say anything to me about what I did whilst you was gone! So I started smoking weed. It was the only thing that allowed me to keep my food down and to sleep on a night. So don't you fucking dare start with me when you have no idea what I've been going through." "I'll leave you ladies to it, however if this gets more heated then I will have to ask you leave Miss Cullen." Shit, I totally forgot that the doctor was still in the room. I nodded towards him and noticed Alice glaring at me. The hurt was evident in her eyes. "Bella, I never, ever intended for you to go through what you have. I thought that you would get over my family. Get over me" her voice was a whisper at the end. "Alice I'd never be able to get over you. Ever. From the moment we met, you have been the centre of my world. But we can't just go back to how we used to be. You hurt me Alice, you hurt me a lot when you left. When you told me that you didn't want me no more, that I was a mistake. It hurt." "It hurt me, that day, watching you believe my lies so much. Watching you process every word that I said. Believing every word that I said. Bella, you are the best thing that's ever happened to me. I've waited so long for you. But I ruined the one good thing in my life. I should have stood up to my family. I should have fought for what I believed in." I couldn't lose Alice twice. "Ali..." her head snapped up at me. I held my hand out to here. I needed her to be near me, I needed to touch her, to feel her. She took my hand and I guided her down onto the bed next to me. Her head facing downwards, her thumb and forefinger twiddling a piece of fabric. I was it was twiddling something else. "Hey..." I placed my index finger under her chin and lifted her head up to face me. Her eyes so full of sorrow, hurt, pain and love at the same time. I cupped her cheek with my hand. Our eyes never broke contact. Both of our faces inching closer and closer. Our lips met and the electricity rushed throughout my body. God how much I had missed this feeling. Our rhythm increasing and the urgency for us both increasing. "I missed you Ali. Please, don't ever leave me again. I couldn't bare it. Please." I begged her. She broke away from our kiss and held my face in her hands. "Isabella Marie Swan, I promise to you now, I will never, ever willingly leave your side ever again. You are my whole life, without you, I wouldn't exist. I love you so much. I've missed you so much." her lips replace themselves back on mine and we drift into an oblivion. "You said you love me..." tears flowing freely from my eyes. "I always have loved you Bella. I always will love you." - A/N Hey guys! Please review my little one shot here and let me know what you thought. :) Negative feedback is welcome too. Hope you all enjoyed it anyways =)