said before wheeling Billy from the house in a hurry. She shook her head and shared at the screen door in brief confusion. "Our parents are so weird ." Bella mused. Jacob only smirked. "You know they're only rushing off to Harry's because he got a brand new big screen TV. Sue is up at the Makah reservation visiting family so they have free reign tonight." Bella rolled her eyes. "I've come in second place with my dad and uncle to a baseball game on a big screen TV." She sighed. "Nah, Bells. You still have us!" Embry grinned. "Yippee." She dead panned. She fought the twitch in her lip to keep the smile from breaking free. Jacob grinned and decided to change the subject. "So… Bella… Edward left you…" He said putting an arm around her shoulders. He started to guide her to the couch while she was still distracted. "Broke your heart…" Embry's grin was feral as he nodded. "And now, we get to kick his ass, right?" Quil's grin mimicked those of his two best friends. Bella only rolled her eyes. "Oh lord, you three, grow the hell up, would you? I swear , you're worse than Seth, Collin and Brady. I did my crying over him while I was with my mom. I'm here to relax before I go back home and finish out the school year." "Man, I would have loved to have a teacher like you! Bet you've got all the lil brats giving you flowers and gifts, huh Bells." Quil grinned. Bella shook her head. "Oh yes… because second graders think the way a 24 year old man would. Then again, I guess you're still mentally around nine or ten, huh Quil." She teased. " Hey !" Quil pouted while Jacob and Embry erupted with laughter. A throat clearing in the doorway caused the laughter to die down somewhat. "And just what is so funny?" " Paulie ! Sammy !" Bella squealed. She jumped up from the couch and rushed over to them giving each one a huge hug. Paul grinned and lifted his sister off of her feet. "Hey chicka. we missed you around here." It was hard to tell they were just step siblings. They had been a family since they were both just six years old. Twenty years was a long time to not think of someone as true family for Bella. It had only taken her a year to call Paul's mom, mom. From then on, Paul called Bella his sister. Any time they introduced one another to a new friend, it was as a brother or sister, never a step sibling. "Guys, you two could come see me anytime you want. Your shop is only a few blocks away from my apartment building." She chided. Sam grinned. "Yeah, but it's not the same. You're here… back home. Come on now. You know you're missed around here." "Yeah, Bella you could have come back to teach on the rez!" Embry grizzled only being somewhat serious. Bella rolled her eyes and looked to her cousin. "What about you Jakey? You think I should have stayed here too?" Jacob shrugged. "I mean, yeah, it'd be cool to see you more. But you're happy where you are. I'm not gonna begrudge you that." He grinned at her. Bella simply smiled. This was why she loved the men in her family. They may not agree with everything she did, but they still supported her no matter what. Paul huffed. Bella could tell he tried to hide his smile and she giggled and poked him in the ribs causing him to jump away from her. There were only certain places on his body he was ticklish, and she knew all of them. "Just so you know, the guys and I talked about it. If we ever see Edward near you again, we'll more than likely be in jail for a long time for murder. That thing doesn't deserve you." Paul muttered as he hugged her to him again. "Never did deserve you." Sam added. Bella giggled. "Come on now… you guys must have liked something about him. You all didn't say anything when we first started dating in college." She mused. "None of you did for that matter." She huffed. "Bells… you were 22 . What did you want us to say?" Sam grinned. She shrugged. "So where are Seth, Collin and Brady?" She asked, changing the subject. Sam only chuckled. She did that any time she didn't want to ruin the good mood in a room with talk of something unpleasant. Jacob snorted. "They're working." "Seth is a bouncer over at Clarkes. Collin and Brady are bartenders there too." Embry told her when he saw her confused frown. Bella raised an eyebrow. "You guys feel like going out tonight?" She grinned. "Always. Man, Bella. It's good to have you back." Jacob laughed. "You guys know you can always come see me too." She huffed while trying to hide her grin. Quil laughed. "Where's the fun in that? We'd never get to harass you when you do come home! Besides, we get to have more fun this way… you come home, we go out places… we're not so bored…right?" "Oh Quil. You have so much to learn." She teased. "Give me ten minutes to change and I'll be ready to go." An hour later saw Bella laughing and playing pool with her friends and family. Even Brady and Collin took their breaks with her in order to talk. She promised them she'd visit more if she could and laughed when they nodded their heads and warned her to ' see that she did or else .' Her heart may have still been broken, but her family had rallied around her and together, with the help of her friends, she started to realize that she was stronger than Edward thought she was. She would get through it and come out stronger on the other side.