pestering was good natured, and it was good they were so inquisitive, though some tried to trap me with their wordplay. I answered as best I could, and as honestly. Sowing lies was the Devil's work. As it so happened, we were put into groups. A register was called, and I immediately undertook the decision to commit every face and name to memory. Once again, I shook hands with the tutor, and quietly introduced myself to him. He bade me sit with Judith and Earnest, to which I was quite pleased to. Earnest still glowered, but I trusted I could win him over. The exercises were interesting, though mediocre, but it was good to learn of the practical applications the science brought. With most of the morning spent, the bell rang for lunch. I had lost track of time, and my own internal clock was not sure whether to eat or rest; I was flagging and I looked forward to a hearty lunch and perhaps even a nice cup of tea. I did not hold my hopes they would possess such a thing, but I had already planned for such an eventuality. In the refectory, I stood at a table and looked at my classmates. Some had already moved to assume their seats, and others waited to see what would happen. There were two other classes besides, and it was nice that in even such a small school, everyone could gather together and dine. I set my satchel on the table and cleared my throat. I announced myself, and asked for representatives of each class to step forth. I then handed them a gift of our most precious commodity, tea, enough for each of them for two weeks. I urged that they be distributed evenly, and it was but a small token on my behalf. The reactions were, of course, mixed, but generally favourable. It was not my intention to cause a stir, but nevertheless, a stir was indeed caused. It saddened and shocked me that so many did not know how to treat such gifts, and more than one ration ended up being trampled underfoot. I answered many questions about life at home, more than one inquiring of the weather, and I sensed my opportunity to suggest cricket. To my delight, many accepted and the promise of an afterschool meeting was made. Privately I approached the teachers' table, and introduced myself to each one in turn. The head of the school, much to my surprise, was not in attendance. I handed each of them tea, and made a gift to the rest of the staff. This, I found, was greeted with smiles and clipped nods. With so many faces, I barely noticed the dark eyed young lady who watched from afar. She headed a table with several other girls, each more beautiful in turn. It was appalling, then, that they should have their cloth cut in such a suggestive manner. Indeed, it was not that they were scantily clad, but rather the way they held themselves. Some folds too loose, others too tight; it was a sight to stun even the most righteous of folk. And so, as any good Christian should, I averted my eyes. I prayed for strength, wisdom, guidance, courage and above all patience. I vowed anew to rid the town of such deplorable behaviour. I soon found myself caught up in a stream of questions, but her eyes never left me. Later, it struck me that they were almost a coffee glazed shade of amber. I found that most odd. After lunch, we headed towards the playing field. Gym seemed an odd choice so soon after dining, but a spot of sport, fair weather and even better company sounded like a fine idea. Much to my horror, I discovered that it was biology that was supposed to follow lunch, but the tutors were so taken with the idea of cricket, they thought the novelty well worthwhile. I found that I had two classes of schoolchildren and several teachers. Expressions varied from mildly curious, to mocking, to those who wanted to see where it would go. More than a few were eager, if uncertain, and I decided I would begin by organising teams. I asked for volunteers, and Michael, a chap who had handed out the tea, called out first. I asked that people raise their hands, and much to my surprise, I could not hear myself speak. I tried again, and this time, the teachers helped calm the noise. I decided on a simple one-two-three order, and with Michael's help, arranged three teams. It was a fine start. I explained about batters and runs, but the concept of 'innings' seemed a little exotic, so I kept things simple. For now, it was enough to get everyone throwing and catching in circuits. Much to my surprise, there was already a sport similar in drill to the one I described. However, it had never reached any sort of popularity in Faux, and so I had little to compare cricket with. In a way, it was both a blessing and a curse. For half an hour, we ran through basic team exercises, while I struggled to work out how we would acquire replacement bats. I had only brought the one, a set of stumps and two balls, and no protective gear at all. Even so, it went down well, and everyone got at least one turn at bowling and batting. The girl with dark eyes watched, and later, as I was packing things away, she again caught my eye, turned and sauntered away. I had to stop myself from staring. "Jazebella," Michael remarked as he helped me pack. He didn't get a chance to say more, for those teachers that had not walked away congratulated me. Charles collected me, and I was able to make it home exhausted, but satisfied. Before I stumbled into bed, I took the time to thank God, but my prayers were shamefully hurried.