in the middle insists and bows forward. "I'm Quil," he introduces himself and turns to his left to pat his buddy's shoulder. "This is Embry, and that is Jacob," he says, the two of them showing appreciation in bowing. I overlook them all and take in their names, their traditional tribal names. "Pleasure to meet the three of you," I say. "Thank you for saving me." They shrug like it's nothing. "No biggie," Quil responds modestly, waving his hands about. "I wouldn't say so," I disagree and brush the dirt off my dress. "You three are really brave." "If that's what you wanna call it. Anything for the King's daughter," Embry inputs. "What the hell is the King's daughter even doing around First Beach, anyway?" "Hey, don't question the princess!" Quil pops him upside the head and Jacob laughs. "No, it's fine," I say and fidget with my fingers. "I was just taking a walk and ended up on the wrong side of town. In fact, I must say I'm kinda surprised that you three didn't try to kill me for yourselves." They all stare at me disbelief. "I don't say that to offend!" I change my tone. "Um, I'd think with these living conditions that my dad has left you guys in, you'd hate me for just being related to him." Jacob snorts but Embry explains. "Are you kidding?" he asks. "Having a tribal leader, especially a werewolf, as the King is hope for the rest of us that we can make it out of this shithole. Excuse my language," he says. I nod, taking in his words with great curiosity. "Well, as fun as saving your ass was, we gotta get going, princess," Embry continues, and the three of them begin walking backwards into the mist of the woods, but I stop them as they wave me away. "Wait a second!" I call and they turn around to face me. "Yes?" Quil asks. I stutter for a second and sigh. "In exchange for saving me, would you guys like to have lunch at the castle today?" Quil and Embry are ready and quick to answer with excitement, but Jacob finally speaks. "Nah, we good," he slurs, turning his back on me in a hurry. Confused, his friends scold him while I just follow behind. "I really don't feel comfortable returning back to the palace without thanking you guys in some way," I say and nervously comb the ends of my hair with my sweaty fingers. "Leaving and never coming back is thanks enough," he responds, not even turning to face me as he speaks. Quil and Embry both get on his ass and he just shrugs nonchalantly. Who is he to tell me where I can and cannot go? I run in front of him so he has no choice but to face me. "Excuse me, but I'm trying to be nice," I explain, walking backwards as he continues forward, but Quil and Embry try to stop him. "You should be more respectful towards your princess," I growl. He just scoffs and strides right passed me. In absolute shock, I push his chest and he finally stops. "How dare you!" I exclaim. "Who the hell do you think you are?" His eyes narrow angrily. "Jacob Black." I stare him down. "I'd think that peasants from this side of town would be more humble and respectable towards their princess considering they don't have shit else to be respectable for. You should be praising the ground I walk on." His dark eyes roll over. "You're just as much a peasant as me. You may be the shit over at the Tribal Castle, but you're not shit once you've passed First Beach." On instinct, my hand does a quick motion across Jacob's cheek, resulting in an echoing slapping sound and him growling in my face while his friends have to hold him back. Suddenly feeling terrible, I clench up and gasp, hand over mouth, ready to apologize. Before the words can even come out, there's uproar of yelling and animalistic barking from behind me as the wind is knocked out me and I'm flung into someone's arms, confined against my will. "How dare you!" I recognize Seth's voice as he hops off my mother's white stallion to step up to Jacob while Quil and Embry cower and bow before his presence while the guard wolves surround the three boys. "Hey, check your little princess first!" Jacob argues while Quil and Embry bring him to his knees unwillingly. Seth turns to me, showing just how much trouble I'm in when he faces them again. He stares them down a moment and sighs. "We saved her life," Jacob continues, but Embry hits him again. "You saved her?" Seth repeats then turns to me. "Is this true?" I nod, not meeting his eyes. Seth faces the boys again, motioning the guard wolves off and easing up. He scowls and switches on his heels. "May we invite you three young men to the castle for lunch as a token of our gratitude, then?" Jacob stays silent now while Quil and Embry share a glance and return to their standing positions. "No thank you, your highness. The princess' safety is gratitude enough," Quil answers. Seth takes their rejection better than I did by shrugging it off and mounting the horse, waiting for me to climb on as well. Before doing so, I take one last glare at the three boys and catch myself staring at Jacob before getting on the horse's back. He sternly turns away as if to blow me off, and without even saying a word, the wolves lead us back to the castle. The whole way there, I can't get what Jacob had said out of my head. Even as Seth and my mother scold and discipline me, I replay his words and decide that ditching Renesmee and going to First Beach was the biggest reality check a powerless princess could ever need.