of his lips turn up into this smile that makes me melt. "Yet." We drop Rose and Emmett off first, and then head back to Edward's place under the pretense of letting the dog out. The door's barely closed before we're all over each other, kissing and groping and panting into each other's mouths. I push him down on the couch and stand, pulling my dress off. "Yes," he says with a clap. "Finally some twerking action." I laugh. "No twerking, but maybe a little action." He pulls me down to straddle him, moving his hands over my body and kissing across my cleavage. I close my eyes, taking in every sensation. The feel of his fingertips as they slide down my stomach and slip beneath the lace between my legs. The slickness of his tongue as it swipes across my collarbone and the sting of his stubble when he whispers how much he wants me against my skin. His fingers are magic and have me moaning out his name in no time flat. My body rocks against his, circling and grinding until he's groaning into my neck. I reach down and palm him over his jeans. "Wait," he grits out with his eyes scrunched tight, stilling my hips with his hands. When he opens his eyes, they're wild, but pleading. "Bedroom," he says, jerking his head toward his room. When I wake, he's hunched over his laptop with his phone at his ear. The sun's beating in through the blinds, and when I glance at the clock, I see that it's past eleven. "I understand," he says, rubbing his hand over the back of his neck. "We'll get it figured out, let me just book a flight, and I'll be there as soon as I can." Hanging up, he tosses his phone on the bed and notices I'm awake. "Hey." I smile up at him. "Good morning. Or not so much?" He scrubs his hands over his face. "I've gotta go to Phoenix." "For how long?" Shrugging, he shakes his head. "Until I get this problem taken care of. Hopefully just a few days, a week at the most." I give him a pout and he kisses my nose. "Want me to grab some coffee for us?" "You're the best." "I know. I'll even take Charles with me so you can pack." "Shit! I forgot. I need to board him." "I can watch him for you," I offer, pulling my shirt over my head. "I mean it." He grabs me around the waist and squeezes me tight. "You really are the best." I drop him off at the airport that afternoon. We're late, so instead of dipping me and kissing me in the departure line, I get a quick peck and a good view of his ass as he runs into the terminal. The dog and I spend the next four days on my couch watching Sex and the City and Snapchatting Edward until he sends me the text I've been waiting for. I'm home. Charles and I nearly sprint to his place. I'm barely through the door when pulls me into his chest and hugs me tightly. "I've missed you," he whispers into my hair before pressing a kiss to the top of my head, "so much." "I've missed you too." He fills me in about his trip to Phoenix, and I tell him how I'm three episodes ahead of him on Orange is the New Black and Charles has a crush on Samantha. "So remember that wedding I told you about?" He nods, twisting the cap on his beer bottle. "Well, it's next weekend." "And?" "Aaaaannd, I need a plus one." He leans back against the counter, bottle dangling from his fingers. "You taking applications?" "Yep. You've got thirty seconds to sell yourself – go." "Too easy. I'm a blast at weddings." Placing his beer on the counter, he raises his hand to tick off his fingers. "Proficient in all the slides – Cha-Cha, Casper, and Electric. If we're in a dance off situation, I'm not afraid to bust out the robot, the cat daddy, the nae nae and I can teach you how to Dougie." He widens his arms. "I'm a crowd pleaser, girl. Plus I look phenomenal in a suit." I pretend to deliberate, tapping my finger to my chin. "I don't know… I didn't hear twerking anywhere in your pitch." He cocks a brow. "Fine, you're in. You can be my date." Smirking, he holds up a finger. "One condition." "What's that?" He rounds the counter and wraps his arms around me from behind. "I'll be your plus one, if…" He pauses to trail a few soft kisses over my shoulder and up my neck, making me shiver when I feel his lips at my ear. "You bring me along as your boyfriend. " I turn in his arms, cupping his cheeks with my hands and kiss him deeply. "Okay." "Yeah?" "Yeah." I kiss him again. "There's just one thing, boyfriend ." "What's that?" "Are you still willing to lie to my friends about how we met?" *waves* Hi pals! It's been a while. This was my entry for the Meet the Mate contest. Huge thanks to the organizers of the contest, the judges and those who voted - we were so excited to place in both the public and judges' vote. Endless gratitude to Carrie ZM, Planetblue and Yum for all the time and work they put into this o/s. You girls have been so encouraging in getting me out of my writing funk and I can't thank you enough for your help and your friendship. One more chapter? I don't know, I wasn't planning on it. *Looks at Carrie ZM who has her thumb out, Gladiator style, wavering between up and down* What do you think, fandom? One more for shits and giggles? Hit me up and while you're at it - rec me a good fic WIP :) Thanks for reading!