into a fierce line. And, his eyes; those emerald orbs were to die for! (Jeebus, I'm sounding like such a girl now.) Anyways, he was dressed up in a sweater, jeans, boots and what looked like a thick scarf around his neck. He looked smart and somewhat preppy. Though, that doesn't help me understand why he was alone... The boy, who was apparently named Edward, sighed angrily while he grabbed his own food and chucked it at Rosalie. She ducked down, as did Alice who was still in between her and Jasper, which is where the food landed on. Jasper glared, and chucked his own food now, only his aim was terrible and landed on Emmett. He growled, and stole some kid's food and chucked it in his direction - only he now hit Alice. "FOOD FIGHT!" one kid yelled out. That started the full out food brawl. Food of all kinds flew through the air, hitting unsuspecting students, whether it hit their body, their table or their stuff. I had thrown my own projectile while walking backwards, when my back had suddenly bumped into someone. "Oops; my bad." I said, apologizing to the random person while turning. And, once again I froze. I had backed into the loner named Edward. He stared at me with wide green eyes, his mouth slightly agape. I stared right back at him, only really, I looked more like a gaping fish. I was stunned at how sexy this guy was; from afar, he was hot, but up close, he was making me melt and making my hormones run wild. I seriously wanted to jump this guy's bones and do so many things to him. It's driving me crazy too. I can't believe I'm getting this affected by a guy - one whom I've never met before in my life as well. I've never really liked other guys; I was afraid I would get judged or hurt, hence why I've only been with a friend during one point in our lives, and why I've stuck to said guy. Besides, most guys that I have met before were nothing but asses, fuckers and just plain douche bags. So, I've never tried getting together with men. But, this one boy here... he was changing my mind quickly about other boys. "Uh..." I stuttered, unsure of what I could say. I already apologized to him, so what else was there to say? Hi, the name's Bella, but you can call me Izzy. Mind if I jump you now and christen that table with you? Yeah, that would bode so well... "Nice food fight we're having." the boy, Edward, said in a smooth silky voice - lord help me and my womanly bits - while it looked like he couldn't believe he just said that out loud. I laughed at his statement, just before food was thrown at my back. And, then, Edward was smacked in the head with food as well. I looked for the source who threw their food at me, and glowered at my guffawing friend. "Oh, it's on, Emmy! On like Donkey Kong!" I yelled at him, just before I chucked some food right back at him - straight in the face too. "What is going on in here?" a loud booming voice cut through the loud cafeteria; immediately, flying food ceased and the room was silence. Every student looked towards the noise, and we found Principal Greene standing there with two teachers, seething with fury. Every student shuffled their feet awkwardly, coughing in embarrassment. "I want to know who started this food fight. Right. Now! " he growled, crossing his arms haughtily. "Nice going, Swan." Rosalie immediately ratted me out. I whipped my head back at her, and glared. "Can it, Hale. You took part in this by throwing food at poor Ed over here." I pointed out while gesturing to Edward. "Yeah, and he retaliated by throwing food at me too." Jasper growled. "Shut up, Hale Boy. I should beat your ass for throwing food at me." Emmett snarled, cracking his knuckles loudly. "You shouldn't have thrown food at me though." Alice frowned. "So, it looks like I should give detention to all six of you." Principal Greene stated to us, raising a bushy eyebrow. "What? It was Swan who started it though; don't give us detention!" Rosalie argued, huffing. "While she may have started it, you all did throw food, taking part in it and setting yourself up for trouble. You should know that starting it and instigating it further will get you in serious trouble. I'm sorry, Miss Hale, but rules are rules." Mr. Greene said to her, refusing to be moved. "But -" Rosalie tried once more, only to be stopped by his raised hand. "Now, a detention is in order for the six of you. The rest of you are to stay here and miss your next period, and clean up this mess. You six; follow me." Principal Greene said, motioning for the six of us to follow him. Grudgingly, we all sulked after him. "This should be a great detention." Emmett grumbled to me as we exited the cafeteria. "I bet it will be." I grumbled right back, looking over at Hale. A/N: And, there we have readers! My newest story with chapter one all finished. I hope I have fun with this story; the idea really intrigues me a lot, after I've read several detention Twilight stories. :D Now, I would greatly appreciate reviews and critique for this. It'll motivate me to continue it or not. :) And, votes to the poll on my profile involving the HSNE Trilogy, would be appreciated as well. I seriously would love it if any readers could help me to come up with a title for the final third part of the HSNE series. So, with that, I bid you all a farewell for now. I'm hoping for more votes and reviews :D Bye for now, ~*Lady Lily of Darkness*~