a laugh. "Did you smoke something and I missed it?" "No. I just get slightly hungry when I'm drunk." "Well, we do have a microwave and there's a few bags of popcorn in the cupboard. We could put on a movie?" Rose asks and I want to kiss her. They all agree and we pick the movie The Other Guys and settle in. ~ONatH~ I wake up with an arm draped over my middle. I mumble out, "The fuck?" I open my eyes and see a clothed chest not one inch from my face. I pull back enough to look up at the face the chest belongs to. Edward Cullen is lying with me and his arm is holding me. Did I—we—do something last night and I don't remember? I try to roll over but realize a little too late that I can't. If you've ever fallen off a couch because you didn't know you were on a couch in the first place, then you know what I mean. I wish I could punish the floor, but I think it's been hurt enough by me, and I by it. I groan, "Hi floor. Nice to meet you." I sit up and rub my hands down my face. My head hurts. "Morning." Edward's voice startles me and I look at him shyly. "Don't worry, nothing happened." I sigh, relieved. "No offense, but that's great." He raises an eyebrow when I chance a peek. "I'd want to remember it," I explain with a shrug. He chuckles a little. "Oh, you'd remember." I'm saved from answering with a sort of witty comment by Rosalie groaning and getting up to use the bathroom. I sigh and stand up to stretch my muscles. I walk to our room and find some comfortable clothes to change into. I really need to pee, so I'm praising Jesus that as soon as I open our bedroom door, Rosalie opens the bathroom. I rush inside and do my business and change. When I look in the mirror I groan and pout because I have sex hair and I still have my make-up on from last night. I quickly take out a wipe and clean my face off, then splash some water on it for a rinse. A couple drops of moisturizer after I dry off and I'm good. When I get out, I see that everyone else is now awake and Garrett rushes past me and closes the bathroom door. "There's a Caribou Coffee across the street. Anyone want something before we all go back to reality? I'll buy." I ask because coffee is a must for Rose and me every morning, especially with hangovers. "I'll go with," Rose says, coming in from the bedroom. She turns to the guys. "What do you want?" They rattle off their choices and we get Garrett's once he's available. Rose and I don't really talk much on our coffee run. The light and sounds around us are painful enough. We get the coffees and choice foods and carry them back. I feel worn out already. When we get in the room, Mike is on the phone and the TV is on. The guys get up and come over, grabbing their caffeinated drinks and pastries. Mike hangs up and sighs with laugh. "Well, tune in to TMZ tonight. Apparently, there's video of our karaoke performances." I pale and look at Rose in fear. Despite her hangover, she laughs at me. I grumble, saying that she's going to pay for this dearly. I'll start planning when I'm more awake and sober. "Do you know which ones will be on it?" He shakes his head. "Mine with the doll for sure. I'm not sure if there's more than that." "Hmm, yeah, I think I'm going to be keeping that doll after all," Rose says just before taking a drink. Then she smiles and gasps, her eyes get big and bright. "I'll give it its own chair in my office at home!" "You going to build a shrine, too?" Mike asks. She thinks about out it and then nods, saying that she just might. Pretty soon the guys need to leave, but not before promises of staying in contact. They need to go back to their movie locations, even if they've just wrapped filming for that third Moonlight movie. I guess they have to go back for a couple reshoots or voice-overs or something. And Rose and I? Well, she gets to work on her review or whatever she was here for, and I get to go back to being a receptionist, having an on-again-off-again relationship with a boring but hot asshole, and daydreaming. One thing's for sure: I will never forget the night I had with my best friend and what her connections provided. And I will never forget the very popular people that became my friends that night. The End A/N: For the sake of this fic, the following was changed (Not including names): As far as I know, by looking at google maps, there is no Hilton close to the University of MN Twin Cities where the Vegas Lounge is near. I have never been to the Vegas Lounge so I don't know what menu items they have either. All bars in MN close at 2 AM. I have never found a Spencer's outside of a mall and they also don't have wigs. They have hair accessories, but no wigs. I am not a good singer and I think I may be tone deaf, lol. I don't sing outside of my home or car and I never sing without the radio or any other music player; unless to entertain my kids or to be crazy around my hubby, the musical one. And I don't know if there is a Caribou Coffee, let alone a Starbucks, across the street from this Hilton. And I suggest you listen to the first karaoke song if you've never heard it! I think it'll add to visual! ;P