closer at them but didn't see any bags. "Did you find anything?" "Tons," Sadie said. "They actually have a service to take it to our house for us." She grinned. "Bryce is going to have heart failure when he sees what we found. The shop owner actually didn't put any of it on Micah's tab. She gave it to us for free." "Oh wow. That was generous." Lucy nodded. "She wouldn't hear of any sort of payment. She said we deserved to be taken care of after all we've been through." Another voice joined them. "She's not wrong." The group turned. Anya was walking toward them with a smile. Her brown hair was in braided pigtails on either side of her face and the sun emphasized her golden skin and darker freckles. She was in a pair of jeans and blue plaid button down. Her guard, Rhys, wasn't far behind. "Anya," Sadie said in surprise. "You're up early." "I was walking through the park. I love it in the mornings during the summer. Micah usually runs with me in wolf form but he's busy with Jacob." Ren shook her head. "We really need to talk to them about that." Anya nodded. "I agree. Those men get so focused, I swear." "Kings," Cris corrected. "And only their queens can talk them out of their stubbornness." Silently, Rhys nodded in agreement. Ren looked at Anya. "We'll talk to them later." "Agreed. So, what are we doing? Are we settling well?" Lucy launched into her explanation again. "We were just about to get an early lunch. Would you guys like to come with?" Ren looked down at herself. "I'm filthy from training." Sadie waved that away. "Oh, please. You look fine. Come with us." Any came up and threaded her arm through Ren's. "Our men are busy. Let's enjoy the morning. If you haven't picked a place to eat yet, I know who has the best coffee and food." Lucy swept her arm out. "Lead the way, your majesty. I'm all for good coffee." Anya's smile was radiant and it was easier to see that she was just one of the girls. All four of them were around the same age: in their twenties. As a group with Anya and Ren leading the way, the other queen guided them through the streets and business buildings pointing out interesting things and spewing facts like a tour guide would. Eventually, they stopped at a small hole-in-the-wall diner that reminded Ren of the one that had been on the reservation back home. She was sad to remember that that place was no longer their home. "So," Anya said as they all scooched into a booth, "how is Odette coping? I know Rex was her son." Out of all of them, Ren would be the one who would know the answer to that. Unfolding her napkin and putting it in her lap, she said, "She's…moving on. Or trying to. Her hands are full with Dorian; he's keeping her pretty busy." "Are they together yet?" Lucy asked, taking a sip out of the water glass that had just been set in front of her. At that, Ren sighed and then tanked the server for her own glass. "I wish they would, but she's so stubborn. She's scared to love him because everyone she's ever loved has died." Sadie and Lucy exchanged a glance. Ren watched them, taking a sip of water. "What?" she asked. Clearing her throat, Sadie moved Zack around. And then she looked back up. "She loves you," she said quietly. "What do you mean?" "Come on," Lucy said not unkindly. "That female was never personable until you came around. Jacob isn't the only stubborn one you won over, Ren." Shifting in her seat, she didn't know what to say to that. "Well, I just hope she lets him get close. I like Dorian. He's good for her; he cares." Lucy snorted. "I'll say. I still can't believe he fixed himself on the off chance that they might get back together." Sadie shook her head. "No, he did it so that they could be together. Don't you remember when he was human?" she asked Lucy. "I heard the story, but Bryce and I came to the pack too late to witness it." Chewing her croissant, Lucy nodded. She swallowed and drank some water before answering. "Oh, yeah I remember. They were hot and heavy. He was always sporting bruises and love bites. He didn't seem to mind in the least." Beside Ren, Anya leaned her elbows on the table and leaned forward with a frown. "Then why did he want to be infected?" Lucy shrugged. "I didn't know him well enough. But my guess is that he wanted to be more durable for her. But after the infection took hold, Odette didn't want anything do with him. That is because she didn't want to risk getting pregnant again. Next thing I remember, I saw him packing up and leaving for the wall. He was trained as an enforcer." Then she looked at Ren. "Have they said anything?" She shook her head. "Nope. Jacob just said he'd been confused when Dorian had come to him asking for a transfer to the wall after going through the change. He said he didn't really ask questions. Besides, it's not our place to gossip," she said giving them all a look. "If they get together, we'll know about it." Anya cleared her throat and sat back. "She's right. We're being nosy." Lifting a hand, she beckoned their waiter. "Now, the French toast here is amazing." So this was just a re-introductory chapter to catch up with Ren and the ladies. Next chapter will start getting things interesting. I'm already anticipating the "not this again" from a lot of you with the next chapter. But nevertheless, I adore my fans and pay attention to what you guys say. I will always answer any questions that you guys have! Love y'all! xoxoxoxo