Emmett who was really strong with his powers, but like Rose; he only used them when it was necessary or he was really hungry. He didn't want to be the leader, or give orders to his girlfriend afraid it would do something to their relationship. It was the same with Alice and Jasper. Only Jasper was fought next. He used his magic to educate himself to the fullest extent in fighting, spells, military defenses, but he mostly concentrated on keeping emotions in check of everyone here. When he got to Alice i began to worry. She was his twin, she was fast, tiny and could almost defend any attack. She was amazing at fighting, especially with her gifts. But when Edward beat her i knew my leadership time was coming to an end. He smirked when he got to me. Everyone else was exhausted and barley moving." you've made it to me, and tired out everyone else." i stated. He chuckled, and moved forward. " you are going down love" he said. And then it started. He was really strong, but i had a feeling that he was holding out on me. " you holding out on me" i accused. He snickered. " i held out on everyone babe" he said. I glared at him. " then use everything you have" i said. He shook his head and tsked me . " you overly confident and cocky for my liking love. Maybe you should tune it down a bit." he said. I grinned and leaped forward throwing everything i had at him. He was blown a couple hundred feet, and then he blew me down. I fell down to the ground. I landed and it hurt. Edward was in front of me smirking. " are you done" he asked. I nodded slowly, because i couldn't take the pain. "Help me up, it hurts so much" i whimpered. He used his magic to heal me, but i was still sore. Everyone gathered around Edward when we were all rested up. He looked around at everyone of us. " so what's next" he asked. " you decide" we all mumbled. His eyes darkened and his fist clenched " the war is what they want. Its what they will get" he whispered. I gasped, and stood up. " your going against everything we believe in" i said. Someone cleared there throat, and i looked at Alice. She had a guilty expression on her face. " Actually Bells the rest of us have been wanting this war to happen" she said. I gapped at her. Edward had a smug smile on his face. I stared at her in disbelief. " what" i whispered. Alice stood up and crossed her arms. " just because you don't believe in fighting doesn't mean we don't. The wolves have been walking all over us just because you don't fight. We are sick of it Bells, we want to fight. And we want victory" she said. I wanted to cry. My so-called friends had just told me that they wanted to fight, even though they knew i was against it. If Edward ordered them to they would, and gladly to. If he ordered me to, I'd have no choice but to. I slowly backed up and bolted through the forest and back to the house, where my room was. My door was slammed open and Edward came storming in. He grabbed my wrist and hauled me while yelling at me saying " what is wrong with you Isabella". I stared up at him with watery eyes in disbelief. " you cant fight them Edward, its not right" i whispered. He gripped my wrist tighter and hissed at me. " we will fight. And so will you. I don't understand why you cant fight them but you can fight me" he accused. " they are my dads friends sons and daughters" i whispered. " so" he growled. I glared at him and said. " i would have fought them long ago; but i signed a treaty with my dad saying as long as we didn't get in trouble, i wouldn't fight with them. That's why they still have their heads" " your no longer the leader. So the treaty is gone Bella. You can fight them. Let me worry about the trouble, all you have to do is help and practice" he said. I closed my eyes and sighed. " i still don't believe in fighting. Its not me. I only fight when someone threatens me" i said. " think about it this way Isabella., because your gonna fight. Think that they want to take away your magic. Think that they want to kill you, or much much worse. Think that Jacob Black wants you to warm his bed at night. Once im gone, he'll be after you like no tomorrow. Believe me im not going anywhere yet. But he must lose his powers, so you don't get hurt" he said. I whimpered. The thought of being in Jacob Blacks bed was disgruntling. It would never happen. "Bella i wont let anything happen to you , Rose ,Emmett ,Jasper ,or Alice. Your going to be more powerful then ever after the war" he said. " what about my dad" i asked. He looked at me. " what about him" he asked. " he will be so disappointed in me." i murmured . " it doesn't matter what he thinks. Your going to be immortal soon. You will forget about him eventually. So why please him now" he asked I stood there in shock. " wait, immortal. I plan on dying Edward. I don't want to live forever, especially since it costs us our souls, and good magic" i said. " you wont die on my watch Isabella, you will be here as long as i say" he growled I glared at him. " the only way that will happen is if you take my magic and force me" i spat.