let the hot water rush out the faucet for a few moments before evening out the temperature with cold water. When the water reaches warm, I turn back to Nessie who looks beyond wondering at my intentions. Not saying a word or instruction and with great care, I do my best to keep relaxed and unbutton and unzip her jean shorts. The only sound to be heard is her heavy panting and the shower rushing, with steam to follow and fog up the atmosphere and the mirror. She takes my hint and lets me slide her out of her bottoms, taking her thong down with them, and they lazily around around her ankles. She's staring at me closely the entire time I undress her as though anything could trigger me at any instant. Once Nessie's completely naked before me, it takes me a moment of distracted admiration to remember what we're doing. I undress myself and take her hand again, leading her into the warm shower. The soft patter of the water from the faucet on her skin gets her nipples hard in an instant, so she takes it upon herself to brush her body against mine for me to feel rather than see. I shiver at her touch and resist kissing her for a moment till she maneuvers her hands to my neck, pulling my lips down to hers. Water seeps through the kiss, and I don't mind catching a few drops when our lips depart and reconnect with each lap of our tongues. The second she moans, I hesitate then politely push away when her hand wanders towards my dick. She gets a few slick strokes in before I hectically grab her wrist as though I didn't enjoy the contact. A sound of protest emits from between her pink lips when she sees that I don't need her touching me like that right now. Feeling bad, I glance down at her sorrowfully and caress her sides. "Not right now, baby girl," I say. Unconvinced, she tests me and takes the hand not intertwined with mine to stroke me a few more times, staring me down as though I were kidding with her. Patiently, I grab that wrist, too, and chuckle to myself and kiss her forehead to avoid letting her think I was frustrated with her defiant actions. "Can we, please, just, -" I struggle for the word, but Nessie knows me well enough to understand what I want. She nods with what can be confused with indignation, but I kiss her forehead again. Nessie sighs and retracts her hands from mine to pull me in for a hug. I hug back and stray my penis as far from her as possible. We take a moment of just staring at each other gratefully before I get the bar of soap from the dish and lather it up in my hands. I set the soap back down and take my sweet time soothing my hands over every crevice and crack of Renesmee's body. She let me do so, moaning when I kneeled before her and scrubbed between her thighs or anywhere around her waist. To get her way, she pushed her hips forward in my face, tempting me. I pretend not to notice and kiss along her body instead, making damn certain that she knows how much I love her. It's when we're sitting under the showerhead, while I'm washing her hair does she begin to cry. I can't tell that she is at first because her face is already wet from the water from the faucet, but the minor choked up and pained sounds she reluctantly lets out that alert me. At first, I believe I'd gotten shampoo in her eye, but she shakes her head when I ask. Her body curls in on mine and she makes herself into a ball in my arms. I'm thrown off guard for a moment, but I hold her anyway. Jesus, what'd I do know? Is it cus I didn't wanna have sex? Well, I didn't mean to hurt her feelings. "Baby girl, I'm sorry ," I apologize with no preamble. "Nessie, I love you , okay?" She shakes as though she's cold but the water and my body heat made that impossible. "Nessie, baby, I'm so sorry that I hurt you. I'm sorry I was so mean to you. Please, please, God, I love you so fucking much. I'm sorry it took me so damn long to figure it out, ok? Please, don't hate me," I beg between dry sobs. " Please , Nessie. I love you. I love you." Renesmee seems to cry harder and a fucking chuckle comes out her mouth, starting me. She shakes but I reach around to see has a huge smile on her face and she's wiping away happy tears. Confused, I quickly wipe my face and nudge her lighty. "Baby?" She lets out another chorus of laughter before turning to me, pausing for a few seconds, and laughing even harder. It's not a cynical or mocking laugh by any means, so when I see that the hysterics aren't letting up, I force a few out before genuinely giggling at whatever with her. She grabs my forearms forcefully to steady herself despite being cozy between my legs when she bends herself over in a fit. Instead of mentioning my apologetic break down, we rinse her hair out and kiss lazily while it settles in conditioner. We don't get out of the shower till fifteen minutes later. Tired, she doesn't even bother with pajamas and plops right on my bed and almost immediately falls asleep when she hits the pillow. I put on boxers and nuzzle in close to her, scratching her scalp easily while she mumbles in her sleep and drools cutely on my chest. That next morning, I disarm my alarm to avoid wakening her, kiss her a few times before going downstairs, making her some pancakes and cutting up some fruit. FIN