tongue like a bitter-sweet sugary treat. He let go of the reins and she kicked the bay into a walk, then a trot. His hooves raised little plumes of dust with each step and she pulled up the bandana to protect her nose and mouth. The tears didn't stop but she made herself look forward, not back. In the cold light of day the decision was the correct one but she didn't think that her resolve would hold if she looked back and saw him watching her leave. "Bella, you're back!" Jake, standing on the wooden verandah of the saloon to case out the stranger riding up the street was clearly pleased to see that it was her. "I am," said Bella, sliding off of the horse. It was only grabbing onto the saddle bag as she hit the ground that stopped her exhausted legs crumpling underneath her. She had ridden for twenty four hours straight to get back to Rhyolite, stopping only for the most urgent calls of nature. "Could you put the contents of the saddlebags into the safe and ask Renee to heat the water for a bath?" "I surely can," he said, helping her wobbly form up the stairs with a strong arm. The girls fussed and flapped around her, oohing and aahing at the her strange attire and then the sight of the loot. She let them fuss, answering their questions with brief, non-committal answers but when the copper bath was full she shooed them out of the room and locked the door. The breath rushed out of her chest in a half sigh, half groan as she eased her aching muscles into the hot water, little scratches and raw patches on her lower back and bottom reminding her of the rough ground scraping against them in delicious pain but two nights previously. Yet with stillness came sadness. Her share of the proceeds would secure the future of the saloon, giving the girls a future beyond whoring and moving her into a whole new, legitimate business sphere. So why did the tears flow down her cheek unchecked? Why did her whole body rack with sobs so visceral that they seemed to rip into her soul as well as her body? Why did giving up Edward Cullen feel like the hardest thing that she had ever had to do in a life already dogged by hardship? She let the sorrow possess her, working through her until the water was cold and the girls knocked at the door in concern. As the sun went down and the room fell into darkness she rose from the cold water, drying herself briefly and getting back into a silk gown of gay red silk. It felt strange after her masculine attire of the last few days. She called Renee in to help her with the final fastenings then put the little Derringer into the skirt pocket, the knife back into the bodice and the larger knife into her boot. Smoothing her skirts she painted on a smile and opened the door to the bustling saloon just as Renee turned the handle to bring the hurdy gurdy organ burst back into jangling life. Self Indulgent Authors Note: Yes, an authors note of this length is dreadfully self indulgent but Outlaw is more than just a story for me, it's the culmination of a passion that has been building for some time. I love the USA and visit from the UK as often I can. In 2014 I spent nearly two weeks in Nevada/California, splitting my time between the glitz of Las Vegas and the natural attractions such as Valley of Fire and Death Valley. It's fair to say that I fell in love with Death Valley when the husband and I hired a 4x4 and drove around the salt flats, canyons and ghost towns. Rhyolite, the town where Outlaw is set, particularly captured my imagination. It had been a thriving mining town, even sporting a railway line, until they realised that the gold seam was not as rich as anticipated and the town literally died. The boom and bust against the harsh backdrop of Death Valley really captured my imagination. It was in the Shoshone Museum where I picked up the next piece of the jigsaw puzzle for Outlaw; a book by Anne Seagraves called "Soiled Doves: Prostitution in the Early West." It had been published in 1994 and from the strange look that the elderly female cashier gave me I'm pretty sure that it had been sitting on the shelf since then! The book was an eye opener, stories of strong, independent women working in a fragile new world where prostitution was one of the few careers available to them. There was tragedy and heartache but there were also savvy women who built up legitimate business empires, even if they would never quite be able to get rid of the stigma of their roots. I really wanted to write a story where the heroine was female, not the squeaky clean frontier wives of Western cinema or the faceless whores of grittier dramas but a real heroine, surviving in the new West against the odds, in spite of and not because of the actions of men. Bella is now that lady for me; fiercely protective of her extended family, a business woman with an eye for a deal and a soft underbelly that only our hero Edward has ever managed to reveal. This isn't the end for these two, truly it isn't. For me this is a cinematic epic sprawling years, even decades; an unconventional love story set against the rise and fall of a fragile mining economy and a country about to face the realities of the First World War. Will there be a happy ending? Even I'm not sure of that yet although there will surely be moments of happiness along the way. Put this on alert and you can ride along with me (pun intended). Lady Letters x