over him. I flicked my tongue out, tasting him. He gasped. Smiling and keeping my tongue to his skin, I moved back and forth between his hip bones. He hissed, trying to not to buck his hips since he'd hit me in the face. My tongue dug under the waistband to the skin I couldn't see where the veins bulged a little bit more with the blood rushing to his hard length. The growl that came from him startled me just before I felt him sit up and his hands wrap around my arms. He moved so fast that I didn't have time to even process what was happening until I felt one of his hands on my back and the other on my ass. His face was pressed between my breasts, teeth nibbling the flesh at the edges. He used his nose and chin to nudge at the bra. "Take the damn thing off," I managed to whisper. His fingers had just undone the clasp when a high-pitched wail echoed through the baby monitor. Gasping out a laugh, I rested my lips against his forehead as my bra was held to my chest only because it was pinned between us. We were both breathing hard, listening to Leila cry, as he stroked his hands up my bare back. His face was buried in my neck as he calmed down. "I'll go get her," he whispered. I ran my fingers through his hair. "You sure? Maybe you need a shower." He shook his head. "I'm trying not to do that so much anymore. I want it to be special for us. Not to mention that I really should learn how to control myself." Leaning back, I pressed the cups of my bra to my chest so that I could look at him. "Jacob, you do realize that that can hurt you, right? Don't do that to yourself. I understand, baby." He gripped my fingers and placed a kiss to them. "I'm fine. Besides, I'm calming down already." He grinned. "I guess Leila's being helpful." I tried to erase the worried look from my eyes as I smiled at him. Holding the bra to my chest, I rolled off of him. He sprung up off the bed, grabbed his shirt, and went for the stairs. Lying back on the now rumpled bed, I finally rubbed my legs together, creating that friction, and my back bowed off the bed. I bit my bottom lip in an attempt to keep myself from groaning. Despite the fact that I didn't know what I was doing, my hands started to snake down my breasts and stomach, heading for the lower boundaries. But the sounds of baby Leila cooing and Jacob softly talking to her quickly lowered the heat in my body. It was hot that he was so good with her, but I found it cuter. He was definitely father material. I sighed. Taking the monitor off the bedside table, I rolled onto my stomach to watch them. I knew Jacob was waiting to take our relationship further until after our wedding. He was trying to drag it out. And I knew that he was secretly hoping I'd get it planned fast seeing as how he was becoming more comfortable with us. And truth be told, I was starting to understand. It would be more special to make love to my husband for the first time than just my boyfriend or fiancé. And my thought earlier about how we weren't ready for kids? Maybe I was wrong. Maybe that was our push point to help us get past this. A third wheel to give us incentive. Hmmm, I'd have to talk to him about it. Because the moment we make love for the first time could be the moment we create a child. The wolves can't wear condoms because of the heat. So we have to be sure we can handle all the consequences before we take that step. But first I needed to get our wedding planned. I wanted to be Mrs. Black so bad. There was just something missing. Something didn't seem right to me, but I couldn't pin down what it was. Thanks to Jake today, I had my colors. My dress had been drawn up by Aunt Alice, Esme, Aunt Rose, and my mother. We'd start with the fittings and such next week. Emily, Rachel, and Claire were my bridesmaids. Shelby was my Maid of Honor so she'd also helped with the design of my dress and other necessities. She was planning just about everything else with Aunt Alice as well. Bridal showers, bachelorette parties, invitations, guest lists, and other things. Seth had been mad at me for taking his girlfriend from him, but she'd smacked his shoulder telling him that it would be over soon. "Yeah until we have to plan yours," Aunt Alice had said. I'd had to stifle a laugh as Seth turned a darker tan color with his blush, and Shelby had stared wide-eyed at her mate. Smiling at the memory and coming back to stare at the monitor, I made the determination that as soon as were back down at the house, I was going to dive into the wedding and get it done so that I could finally make love to my husband. Maybe then he wouldn't be so strung out over watching his back for Dad. But also, I really wanted to watch him watch me walk down the aisle in the dress that I'd designed specifically for him. So just as in our previous story, I would love to have your reviews and such. I do believe this story may get difficult for me. So many of you want to see Leah and Caden. And Seth and Shelby. I haven't quite nailed Shelby's personality for this story. Obviously she's going to change a little after what happened in TFT so we'll see. I'm working on her POV right now. Love you guys! xoxoxoxoxo