Miss. Kerrey was out of her seat dodging swipes of a ninjato sword. I was routed to the spot as the masked man all in black tried to kill her. It was amazing how fast they moved, and I couldn't move. I just knew that he wasn't one of the monsters, not in the boogie man sense anyway, but he was an enemy of humanity, and that made him my enemy, but I couldn't move. I was terrified as I watched the battle, windows shattering, desks sliced in 2. My eyes were leaking tears as I saw that she was too slow and then, swish. Her head came free from her body with a blank look of acceptance. Her head rolled with blood as her body crashed to the ground. Her head landed in front of me, looking at me, and for a moment before everything was gone from her I saw love, devotion, and pride. "Now for our dear Saviour!" the man spoke as he swung his sword to take my head and stopped, not through lack of trying as my body moved, catching his hand in my left as I slid under his swing, stopping it as my right fist shattered his wrist. He screamed as his sword dropped to the floor with a clutter. I could feel my own strength, like an ocean of horrors waiting to be unleashed. I could see the man's dark eyes through his mask. He was terrified of me. I was a blank slate of nothing but content, and my right palm twisted upside down and struck his chest. He spat up blood, eyes widening as the hit struck like thunder with a boom, and he shattered through the wall into the hall beyond. He was a crumpled mess of blood, unable to move as I stepped out through the large dusty hole and looked down at him. I crouched down and grabbed the scruff of his neck, pulling him up to face me. His mask fell from his face. He was just a pimple faced teenage boy. However, I couldn't feel pity as he looked to me in fear. He had come to my school and murdered my favourite teacher and only friend; he deserved no pity or compassion from me. "Who sent you!?" I demanded in a frosty voice as I slammed him against a wall. He coughed up blood and whimpered more. "T-the p-police... m-my f-father is-is the Captain!" he said trying to sneer. "There... are more, and dad works f-for, the Mayor!" he said snidely. I snapped his neck and let him fall to the floor, dead, before going back into the classroom. I stopped, looking down at the head of my teacher, holding in the bile and allowing hate to bubble as I knew who to kill. "Don't worry any longer, I'll get them!" I said before turning to the broken desk, grabbing my lunchbox and food, clearing it away I disappeared through a window as I heard people. It wasn't long before the screaming as they found the dead boy, and teacher. It had been effortless to sneak back into the school and into the cafeteria to dump my lunch and buy something that I only nibbled on while feeling cold dread about my lose. The police captain himself was going to lead the investigation. He was a stern man with greying hair and grey eyes. He looked to me in hate when he addressed the school, trying to play off his son as a brave hero trying to save a teacher from a nut case, but he had no evidence. I moved, watching him as he left the school after we had all been interrogated, but he wasn't allowed to be alone with any student so I spent most of my time giving him threats with my eyes. Then we had been sent home, but I waited in the shadows and he paused on his way to his car. "So Miss. Swan, you got lucky, but next time, I'll deal with you personally!" he sneered as he looked at me, even though I knew he couldn't see me, he sensed me. "I've adapted!" I replied coldly. The man sneered as he left and I knew he wouldn't attack while there was a possibility of being seen. I could only smirk as he should have seen me last. I wouldn't have had any time to prepare. He started his car and the moment the ignition turned, the car exploded in a firestorm of death. The explosion set off car alarms and shook the ground, and I was surprised to see something streak out from the flames, but I could only frown as too many people were around to see me if I chased him. I would have to see him in his territory, the night, and I would rip him apart and anyone who stood in the way of me avenging my friend and ally. to be continued... A/N: Yes, I was Myrddin Ignis Magus. I've never been the fondest of that pen-name, so now I'm Jecht Breaker. I like it, you can just call me Jecht though. I hope you enjoyed the story, and look forward to hearing your comments, thank you. this is a complete reworking of Fade in the Shadows , so I hope you fans enjoy this a lot more! I wanted to darken the core of who Bella was because ninja are normally more dark and cold, though she will have some core elements that are nice and playful, full of confidence like in the previous incarnation, but this Bella does have a darker background as she had just lost her favourite person. Don't forget to Like me on Facebook, or Follow me on GooglePLUS! The place where an author, while bored can post stuff for fans to see about fics they write so you can keep up to date, or as up to date as the author can keep you.