Nothing moved inside, it was empty. "It's a radio. Me and Jasper installed it in your truck already." Emmett said. "When was you able to get inside my truck?" I asked him. "When you and the girls were getting ready. Rosalie threw your keys out the window to me." Emmett said handing me back my car keys. "Thank you." I said to him. Esme and Carlisle were up next with presents. I opened it to reveal a scrape book. The other present was a camera. "We thought you might enjoy making memories of your own since you don't remember anything about your past." Esme said. I engulfed Esme and Carlisle in a hug. "Thank you. This means alot to me." I said. "Your welcome dear." Esme said. I went back to the camera to open it up. "I want to take a picture of everyone, how do you work the camera." I said. Alice stood up to show me how to work it. Once I know all the basics I was ready to take the picture. "Alright everyone get closer together." I said. They moved together with Carlisle, Esme, and Emmett in the back, Rosalie standing in front of Emmett, Alice and Jasper together, and Edward on the other side of Alice. "Ready, smile." I said and I snapped the picture. "Bella, how about you get into the next one." Alice said. She came to set up the camera so that it could be on a timer. She set it on a table and angled it so that it will get everyone. We ran to the family to get in place. "Ready, 3..2..1 smile." she said. There was a flash and everyone moved. I went back to the camera to look at the pictures I tooked. When I looked at the one I was in I notice that Edward was looking at me with a smile on his face. "Ok here's our present." Alice said. I opened it and there was a laptop and printer. "I notice the computer that was in your room. Not much you can do with that since it's slow and nobody uses it anymore so me and Jaspet thought that it would be cool if you had an up to date computer. This way you can print out your pictures and put them in the scrapebook." Alice said. "Thank you." I said hugging both of them. This whole day has been amazing and I wished it didn't end. "Now it's my turn to give you my present." Edward said as he took my arm and lead me to a grand piano that was in the living room. "You play the piano." I said to him as he sat down on the bench and told me to sit down with him. "Yes I play. Do you remember that lullably I hummed to you the other night. Well I wrote it for you." He said and started playing the piano. His fingers gracefully went over the keys as the song of the lullably floated around the room wrapping me up in love and warmth. I closed my eyes swayed with the music. It was beautiful and it made me smiled. It ended and Edward turned to look at me. "Do you like it?" He asked me. "Very much. This has been the best birthday a girl could every have." I said to him. He leaned in and kissed me. The kiss became passionate but it ended quickly when my headache came back. "Bella are you ok." Edward ask. The high pitch sound was there again and Edward sounded far away. The next thing I knew glass started to shatter and the house started to shake. This headache is worse than before. I was sitting on the floor holding my head. I felt Edward grab for me but when I went to look at him my sight was blurry. I closed my eyes and more glass started to shatter. I looked straight ahead and a fire started burning the flowers that was sitting on the living room table. Why is this happening? As I was having this headache, in my mind I could see this door opening ajar. Edward's POV I will never get enough of Bella's kisses. Our kiss became passionate but abruptly stopped when Bella grabbed her head. "Bella are you ok." I asked her. She went to stand but sat on the floor. Something was very wrong. Out of no where glass started to shatter around the house then the house started to shake. What the hell is going on? The family came into the living room. "Earthquake?" Emmett said. "No, Forks don't get earthquakes. Glass sarted to break as soon as Bella grabbed her head." I said. I reached for Bella but she was squinting her eyes like she couldn't see. Then the windows shattered around us. I covered Bella so she wouldn't get hit with any glass. The next thing I knew a fire started in the middle of our living room where there was flowers sitting. "What's causing this?" Esme said. I looked at Bella, then the shattered glass, and the fire. It started to click. "Not what, who. I think it's Bella." I said. Carlisle kneeled in front of her. He put his hand on her head to lift it up. There was blood coming from her nose. Just by hearing Jasper thoughts I knew the blood at set him off. I had to act quickly. Jasper went to attack and I pushed Bella back which made her slide over the glass and hit the wall at the same time I pushed Jasper back and he flew hitting the couch. Emmett went to grab him and Alice tried to talk some sense into him. I turned to look at Bella and saw that she had cuts down her arm. She was no longer holding her head but she sat up looking at all of us in terror. What have I done?