times before, but much faster, likely due to Renesmee's medling. A frown creased Edward's face as he considered how this could be the case as surely a girl as young and small as she was couldn't be one of the wolves. Just as Jacob came to pull Renesmee away from the girl, Edward started to walk toward Carlisle who had just arrived at the scene with the ambulance team. "Carlisle," Edward began, speaking just loud enough for the other vampire to hear as he continued at a human-like pace towards the other man. Carlisle looked up and caught Edward's eye immediately. "What is it?" He asked back as Edward stood beside him. "They're not human. At least the little girl isn't, I don't know about the other two." Edward rambled irritated that he hadn't been able to gauge the other two's human-ness. Or perhaps lack thereof. "What are they then?" Carlisle asked, fascination running by not only in his thoughts, but also apparent in his voice and eyes. "Well, the youngest's healing was nearly identical to the wolves." edward replied. "Nearly? Wait, and how were you able to see their healing patterns? You've never done that before, isn't healing on a level of the mind that isn't thought? I believe you've actually tried this before, have you not? How…?" Carlisle shot the questions so fast that Edward was sure and human would have been at a loss as to what the blonde said at all. "Well, actually, umm, Renesmee was doing something to her. She was using her power in a way I wouldn't have thought possible, or even considered before." Edward admitted, a bit embarrassed that he needed someone's help to see more secrets of the mind. Especially since it was his daughter, but he supposed it was better than some random stranger or someone he didn't get along with… "Really?" Carlisle looked almost… startled. Yes, he was surprised for sure, his thought's reflected it as well. "What was she doing, and how did it help you?" Edward, as much as he respected his father-figure's intrigue was growing a bit flustered. "Look, they're not human that's all I know, we can talk about this later. Renesmee could explain better than I ever could either way. The point is these people can't go to the hospital. You need to figure out how to take them on as private patients and bring them to the house to treat them. Exposing any inhuman species will inevitably lead to our exposure as well." edward looked Carlisle in the eye, willing him to remember the situation at hand and do what was necessary. "Play your higher ranking cards and take care of the situation before we have a big problem like government officials. And the Volturi. Again." Edward demanded and stalked away. He passed Bella, Renesmee, and Jacob standing innocently at the front row of prospectors to the scene which had already been taped off by a young policeman. Edward walked passed them to where Charlie- his father in law- was standing talking to an eyewitness. "Charlie, I need to talk to you for a minute." Edward stated, interrupting the conversation the pair were having. Charlie frowned for a moment before nodding. "Thank you for your help, Ms. Tang, if you'll excuse me?" The woman smiled blankly and left, aware this was more a dismissal than anything. "What is it Edward?" He asked with a tired sigh. "I just need you to be in on the loop here for a minute." Edward said nonchalantly. Charlie frowned. "This isn't some… supernatural mumbo-jumbo, is it?" Charlie asked conspiratorially. "Um, kind of. You just need to be aware, these kids in the crash, they're not exactly human. They're like Jacob, sort of. But either way, they can't go to the hospital, so Carlisle is going to try and get them to let him take them back to the house as sort of private patients, and as the law enforcement, for the sake of everyone, we need you to back him up if push comes to shove, okay?" Edward rattled. Charlie nodded, his eyes guarded. Edward could see in his mind (through the dull cover that was a bit similar to Bella's shield but weaker by a lot) that he was still having a hard time with all the supernatural mumbo-jumbo that had begun to fill his life since Edward and Bella got married. But beneath it all, Edward could see Charlie would never betray them all even if it meant breaking the law and lying to protect them. "Thanks, uh, for telling me. I'll keep an eye out." Charlie said a tad uncomfortably and smiled tightly. "No problem. I'll let you get back to your work now." Edward said with a nod and left back to Bella and co. back at the other side of the tape. "Is everything alright Edward?" Bella asked worriedly. "What's so special about this scene?" she asked. edward frowned and turned an accusing eye on Renesmee. "You didn't tell her?" He asked in disbelief. "Didn't tell me what?" Bella asked confused. "Well, it was only a hunch really, I didn't want to make anyone more worried than they need to be…" Renesmee said, trying to blow off what she knew. Edward shook his head. "What is it? What do I not know." Bella asked desperately. Jacob rolled his eyes at Renesmee's tight lipped expression as she had a little staring contest with Edward. "The people in the crash aren't human. And they're not vampires. If anything, they're shifter's like the pack… except they're definitely not from around here." What did you think? Reviews are my driving force. I'll write it, but I really like feedback. It helps me improve more than anything else! Thanks for reading! -Lamb Oh, and for the entire story- I OWN ONLY WHAT I THINK OF AKA THE ENTIRE PLOT AND ANY CHARACTERS I MAKE UP! EVERYTHING ELSE BELONGS TO WHOEVER IT BELONGS TO! PLEASE DON'T SUE ME...