as some of the soldiers had dubbed it, Jacob wheeled him to the maternity ward. "What the actual fuck ? Doc, you've lost your damn mind ! Why are we here?" Jacob snorted. Yeah… he'd lost his mind- that had to be it. "Just shut up and meet your daughter." "M-my daughter ? The fuck have you been smoking ? Take me back to my damn room or move and I'll do it my damn self!" "Embry?" He knew that voice. He'd know it anywhere. He just didn't understand why he'd heard it in here. His eyes roved over the low lighted room. There in the corner next to a dome covered bassinet sat the woman he hoped to one day call his wife. "Bella?" He didn't fight when Jacob rolled his chair closer. "Hi…" She sounded exhausted. Embry looked stunned. There in the covered bassinet was a tiny replica of himself. "You… but…" "Your mom helped me. I found out a couple weeks after you'd left. We didn't want you distracted- she wanted me to tell you but I refused. I watched the news every night. I knew you weren't in a safe zone… so I said to hold off and I'd handle the consequences when you came home." She said with her chin wobbling. "Baby girl…" He cooed. He wanted to be pissed off at her. She'd gone through an entire pregnancy and birth by herself just so he wouldn't worry about her. He should have been furious. But he knew and understood why she'd done it. "How mad are you?" She asked. He finally wheeled himself closer to where she sat. "I want to be pissed. But I get it." He promised her, taking her hand in his. "I thought I had time. But I got the letter asking me not to come see you. Your mom said you just needed more time. But it upset me… She's only three weeks early, so they're not that concerned. Your therapist came to see me this morning. I guess doctors know you by name. Baby… your mouth, I swear." He chuckled. When he looked over his shoulder he only shook his head, surprised to see Jacob gone. "Yeah, doc would have made a damn good marine…" He turned to look at his daughter again. There were no doubts she was his. Bella would never cheat- that thought hadn't even crossed his mind. "What's her name?" "Say hello to Makenzii Nicole Call." Embry stared at her in awe. That had been his sister's name until she was killed by a drunk driver when she was only ten. "Does my mom know?" "I asked her first. I told her what I wanted to name her… she teared up… and then she thanked me for honoring your sister." "I love you… so damn much. You're so amazing. What would I do without you?" "You'd go fucking nuts!" A voice echoed from the doorway. Bella grinned. "Quil Ateara, you keep that loud trap of yours shut and watch your mouth around my daughter or I'll sew it shut for you!" She scolded. "Ma'am, yes ma'am." Quil teased, wheeling himself closer to hug her. Bella rolled her eyes. "Shut the hell up before I tell your mother to smack you. She's the only one who wouldn't break her hand on your hard skull." "Oh she's with a marine alright!" Sam grinned. He and Paul wheeled in behind Quil and sat just in the doorway. Thankfully the room was spacious. "Jacob told us. We had to come make sure the kid wasn't cursed with your ugly mug." Paul teased. "You wait till I tell Emily." Quil grinned. Embry's eyes met Jacob's as he moved to stand behind his friends. He didn't know if a simple thanks would be enough. So it went unsaid. But Jacob saw it in his eyes. Instead, he said, "Remind me again doc… how long am I here?" "Not much longer." Jacob smiled. "You gotta walk out of here though." Bella leaned her head on his shoulder after being introduced to Sam and Paul. "I can't wait to see you home walking with Makenzii." "What if I'm not?" He noticed his friends trying hard to pretend they weren't listening. "You will be. You're too stubborn to quit. And I'm too stubborn to lose faith. So I'll keep praying and you'll keep getting stronger. Before you know it, you'll be out of here and chasing Makenzii ." No one could fault her. They all felt that way. "Until I'm home." He liked the way that sounded. "Until you come home." (~_~_~_~_~_~_~_~_~) Jacob grinned when he saw Embry packing his duffel bag. It had been a hard fought road. Three months of sweat and tears, but Embry Call got to go home. "I think I'm gonna miss you, you son of a bitch." Embry huffed, finally noticing Jacob standing there. Jacob grinned. "You have my number. Same with Sam, Paul and Quil. Jared's too. Even though you didn't get to work with him. We all live around each other." "Yeah, yeah. You got ours too. Don't try to hide from us fucker. You forget, we can all walk again. We'll come find your ass." Embry teased. "Oh get the hell out of here." Jacob grinned and shook his hand. Embry waved him off and grumbled half heartedly about being forced back into a wheelchair. It changed when he saw Bella and Makenzii. He allowed her to help him into her car and grinned the whole way to their apartment. It took them a minute to make it up the steps, but he couldn't help but sigh in content when the door closed behind them. Bella's hands wrapped around his waist after Makenzii had been placed in her crib for a nap. "It may be three months late, but this is the best Christmas present ever. You're home." "It's an early birthday present for me. I'm home." He told her. Bella grinned. "You're home."