all of her school mates had no interest in her thankfully. Bella found that Dean and Alexander were ready to go. Bella found that Franklin and Thomas were waiting downstairs with the Lamborghini and the Maserati Bella got into the drivers seat of the Lamborghini placing her silk lined leather jacket over her lap. Bella Adjusted the drivers seat of the Lamborghini and then popped the hood checking the levels and having Dean pour more fluid in and gave him a clothe. After checking the Maserati's fluid and topping it off to be safe. Bella revved the engine and waited finally yelling out the window telling Dean to get in. Bella drove down to the club having Dean open her door. Bella blocked her face from camera view as the flashes went off. Bella showed her ID and then entered with Dean and Alexander Thomas and Frank joined them a minute later Bella didn't have to wait in line because she was rich and beautiful she went to the bar and ordered a Southern Strawberry sweet tea with a double shot of Absolute Vodka. The guards all ordered a beer and then went and sat at the best vantage points in the bar. Bella had leaned how to use her powers a long time ago she had shrunk everything and stuck it inside of her over-sized clutch that she had switched to at the last minute because a big purse was just to bulky. Bella set her drink on the small table were Dean was seated and went to dance the floor was not yet packed and everyone was ordering drinks first. Bella danced for three songs before going back and drinking the rest of her drink. Bella hid her intelligence very well as she set he glass on the bar Bella scanned the room. Bella sat at the bar and ordered a Blueberry Lemonade in an old fashioned glass she sipped the non-alcoholic drink having opened a tab with her guards included on it. Bella told the bar tender to serve the guards a non-alcoholic beverage between beers. Bella scanned the bar again going to the dance floor Bella was dancing with a young man of 25 laughing at his jokes when she was spun around and dipped Bella's eyes immediately caught on a man she thought was in her imagination he was sitting next to Tia. Bella straightened up and excused herself to the bathroom staring at her self in the mirror Bella took a deep breath leaving the bathroom. Bella sat across from Dean who was watching her suspiciously Bella was loathe to got to the bar but she went and ordered a blushing dragon which came with skull ice cubes. Bella asked the bartender " who is the guy across the bar?" The bar tender looked over his shoulder and said " the woman is Tia, the guy I think his name is Benjamin of Bernard its one of those two ." Bella took her drink and went back and sat across from Dean sighing she drank her drink and looked at her watch she had been at the bar for 3 hours already so Bella sipped her drink and watched the people dancing. Bella made a trip to the bathroom and almost ran into Tia as she was leaving the stall to wash her hands at the sink. Bella apologized as she was looking up she cleared her throat and looked up saying " i'm sorry I was preoccupied please forgi... " Bella cut off when her eyes met Tia's eyes and recognition flashed in Tia's eyes as Bella cleared her throat and said "f orgive me I was not paying attention ." Bella washed her hands and then went back to Dean and took their glasses ordering to Southern strawberry sweet tea with no alcohol and set one in front of Dean Bella was about sit down when some one came behind her and cleared his throat. Bella turned around and her breath caught as she stared Benjamin in the face for the first time in almost 300 years Bella immediately regained her composure. Benjamin watched her before looking over her shoulder and narrowed his eyes at the man sitting across from her. Benjamin cleared his throat and said " would you like to dance with me miss ?" Bella looked at Benjamin and then looked at Dean over her shoulder and gave him a nod and placed her hand in his as they went out to the dance floor. The DJ started playing a slow song for all the couples Benjamin danced Bella around in a square as he danced with her afterwards Bella was held their and when the next song started Benjamin wrapped an arm around Bella's back dancing with her leaning in he whispered in her ear " I have been looking for you since 1806 and I had just about given up when I couldn't find you I bought the house and have been keeping it up to code in case you ever came back but over the last 200 years I had started to lose hope that you would return ." Bella cleared her throat looking up at him she whispered " I always assumed you were the dreams of a young woman who didn't have or make friends and I was very upset when you disappeared and I had to fight the urge to just leave I helped Tia out I'm the one that found your uncle dead I fainted and was taken home by the police I have had enough of having my heart broken for a life time ." Bella pulled away from Benjamin and made a B-line for the bathroom locking herself in the stall Bella cried silently until she heard the door from the bar open she wiped her eyes and took a deep breath. Bella left the stall and started fixing her make up Bella left the bathroom and finished her drink.