waiting for her answer. Her eyes snap to mine, and she must register look of trepidation clearly etched in my face because she scrambles to explain herself. "I didn't mean to imply that you are old or anything. I was just proud that I remembered who you are. I mean, you are totally cool for an older band -what I mean is that a lot of people are still completely obsessed with you… or…err…I mean your music, completely obsessed with your music. Not that they aren't totally into you…Oh God, kill me now…" she mutters, pleading with her eyes for me to understand her rambling. To my surprise, instead of feeling humiliated or pissed off, I am completely amused watching this gorgeous, confident, sexy woman stumble through her lame-assed explanation. I cock my eyebrow at her and chuckle. "It's okay, Bella; you can say I'm old. A whopping thirty-five years," I reply sarcastically. "But you know what? If you are a really good girl I may even let you call me daddy." I add in a husky voice, leaning as far forward as I possibly can with my forearms resting on the table, and throwing in a wink just to get under her skin. Her eyes darken and she bites her full bottom lip, before narrowing her eyes and smirking playfully, "Wow, you are old. I was merely a toddler, while you were out becoming a big time rock star!" "You are killing my ego, Bella," I pout at he. "A toddler, really?" Suddenly, a wave of uncertainty washes over me. I have absolutely no qualms with the age difference, provided she is of legal age, but now I'm worried that she might. Will she see me as a creepy old man trying to rob the cradle? Will she even want to be seen with someone much older than her? Just as the doubt begins to take over my mind she laughs, and it is the most beautiful sound in the world. "Yes a toddler. I'm twenty." She looks at me from under her lashes, as she adds, "Don't worry, I'm legal…barely." With a cheeky grin and a wink. I can't help but laugh at the absurdity of the situation. And just like that, we fall into an easy conversation, talking about anything and everything. I tell her about my family, my sister, my childhood, my band and my desire to teach music to under privilege children one day. In turn, she talks about her mom and dad, her brother (who I learn is on this vacation with her), her passion for photography and designer shoes, and how she hopes to publish a book of photographs about the beauty of the desert. Before I know it, I notice the sky has darkened, alerting me that we have been talking for over four hours. I am shocked at how easy it has been to let my guard down with her. This sexy and confident, yet shy creature, has completely disarmed me. A task that has never been accomplished by a member of the opposite sex . Holy shit! She is fifteen years my junior. What the fuck am I doing? I don't have time to lose myself in my inner turmoil however, because movement across the table catches my attention. My eyes shoot up to her as she stands to leave. "I had a wonderful time talking to you, Edward," she says softly, taking her bottom lip in between her teeth. The shy girl emerging once again, and the sound of my name coming from her beautiful mouth making me instantly hard. "Wait, can I see you again?" I hastily blurt out before she can leave. I have never felt this way before, and I can't risk the chance of never seeing her again. Just the thought of her walking away causes a painful constricting in my chest. Her beautiful brown eyes dart up and lock on mine. "Yes," she breathes. "Please say you will come to my show tomorrow." My heart is pounding in my chest, and my palms are sweaty. I can't remember a woman ever having this kind of effect on me. "Okay," she says, as a brilliant smile lights up her face displaying the deep dimples on her flushed cheeks. "How many tickets will you need?" "Uhm, well, I'm here with my brother and his girlfriend. I couldn't possibly bother you for that many tickets. I would be glad to come alone." She is obviously uncomfortable with accepting more than one ticket. With a warm smile, I reassure her, wanting to discourage that line of thinking, "It's no problem, really. I would be honored for you to bring along your brother and his girlfriend." I look into her eyes, hoping to convey my sincerity. I feel her resolve slipping as I add, "Please?" "Okay. Thank you." "What is your last name? I will need it in order to leave your tickets and backstage passes at will call." I am standing close enough to her to catch a whiff of her intoxicating scent. Strawberry, freesia and vanilla. Mmmm, delicious. "Swan. Bella Swan," she answers gazing into my eyes, as I reach out to grasp her tiny hand in mine. "Alright, Bella Swan. I will leave three tickets for you at will call. I can't wait to see you again" I bring her hand up to my lips, never taking my eyes from hers, to place a gentle lingering kiss on her knuckles. Her sharp intake of breath and flushed cheeks, are exactly the reaction I was hoping for. With the knowledge that I will see her again the next day, I drop her hand and exit the coffee house, leaving the most extraordinary woman I have ever met watching me walk away. I step out into the warm summer evening feeling lighter, and happier, than I ever have in my life, with only one thought running through my mind. Goddamn, I cannot wait until tomorrow. Thanks for reading!