then Andrea start holding her left leg and begins to cry. He runs to the back door on the driver side of the car and grabs the handle. Then start to pull with all his strength to get the door to open. At the same time Emmett is checking Rosemay to see if she has a pulse and notice that her heartbeat that normal beat faster than a normal human heartbeat has start to slow and is beat at a normal human rate, which is not good for a half human and a half vampire. Edward gets the back door open and at the same time the hood of the car start smoking. Rosemay grabs Emmett hand and start to talk. "Get Andrea out of the car and get her to safety." "I get Andrea Emmett get Rosemay out of the car." "No leave me, my time on earth is over, let me join my daughter, husband and so-in-law in haven." Emmett stops away from the car and at the same time Edward pick up Andrea, who grabs her purse. Then Edwards and Emmett run away from the car, at the same time the car burst into flames. When Andrea sees that the car has gone up in flames she starts screaming at the top of her lungs. At the same time an ambulance pulls up along side of the road behind Edward's car, a few minutes later the EMT's runs over to Edward, Emmett and Andrea. The EMT's see Ann Uta body laying on the ground a short way away from the burning car and that she is not moving. One of the EMT runs over to the body of Ann Uta and check to see if she has a pulse. The other EMT starts to check Andrea, at the same time a police car and a fire truck pull up at the side of the road. Chief of police Charlie Swan gets out of his car and runs over to the two Cullen's boy and Andrea. Charlie starts to get the statement of how the car crush happened and at the same time the EMT runs to the ambulance to get a stretcher and the leg splint to splint Andrea left leg. The two EMT's walk over to the chief of police, Edward, Emmett and Andrea, at the same time and then the EMT's puts Andrea onto the stretcher and then start to put her left leg into the splint and as the EMT is putting Andrea leg in the splint, she passes out from the pain. A few minutes later the EMT's have put Andrea into the back of the ambulance, one of the EMT gets into the back of the ambulance with Andrea and the other EMT gets behind the wheel of the ambulance. At the same time the Cullen boy's get into Edward's car. A few minutes later the EMT's, Andrea and the Cullen's are heading to the ER at Forks Hospital. Doctor Cullen meant Edward, Emmett, the EMT's and Andrea at the doors off the ER. The EMT's and Doctor Cullen rushes the still unconscious Andrea Uta into ER trauma room and at the same time Edward and Emmett take a seat in the waiting room. A half hour later Doctor Cullen walks into the waiting room and over to his adopted sons, Edward and Emmett stand up and then the three of them walk to Doctor Cullen office. Once in the office Doctor Cullen shut the door and then he sits down on his desk chair. Edward and Emmett sit down on the couch in they adopted father office. Edward breaks the quiet by saying the first thing. "Dad is Andrea going to be all right and where is she going to live now that her mom, dad, grandmother Kat and Grandfather Kat are dead?" "Andrea is going to be fine, but Dr. Snow and another doctor have taken her to operating room number four because he has to do surgery on her left knee and left ankle because she has a dislocation knee and tear her Lateral collateral ligament, medial collateral ligament, posterior cruciate ligament, anterior cruciate ligament and meniscus in her left knee and a desolation left ankle. In addition Andrea has torn her calcaneo-fibular ligament and tendons in the ankle. I am not sure where Andrea is going to be living now. Police chief Swan is looking into that right now, to see if her parents had a will writing out and if there was instruction on where Andrea should live with if they pass away. Edward and Emmett go home and give your mom, brother and sisters an update." At the same time Esme knocks on her husbands' office door, Doctor Cullen stands up and open up the door to his office. Edward and Emmett stand up and walks out of the office to head home to give Jasper, Alice and Rosalie an update. Doctor Cullen close his office door and then Esme and Carlisle sits down on the couch and Carlisle fills Esme in about car accident and Andrea. Six and half hours later upstairs on the second floor, Esme is sitting on the couch of hospital room 208, waiting for Andrea to wake up from surgery, she has been out of surgery for thirty minutes now. Esme looks at Andrea who is wearing a white hospital gown and has an iv in her left hand. Esme also notices that Andrea's left leg that is sitting a top of several pillows. Esme sees that Andrea has a black Donjoy MaxTrax Air Ankle Walker in low height on her left ankle, which has two strap on the ankle and two straps on the foot of the walking boot. Esme looks at Andrea's left knee next and sees there is a black Donjoy trom post-op knee brace, which has two straps above the knee and two straps below the knee and that is locked so Andrea cannot bend the knee.