was the first time he told her that, and there she was, looking hideous as far as she was concerned. "I l-love you too, Edward." Bella blubbered, and this time her tears seemed to be the happy type. "So much." He smiled at her gently. "So much," he echoed, and he leaned in to kiss her. She put a hand to his lips, stopping him abruptly. "I'm a mess," she said, embarrassed. Her flush spread throughout all of her body; she could feel it. Edward kissed the palm of her hand, then lowered it. "You're beautiful," he said honestly, and he kissed her. Their clothes came off in a blur. It was cold, so they stayed under the covers. Edward kissed her neck, placing open-mouthed kisses as he went. When he got to her breasts, she whimpered and tried covering them. "They're covered in stretch marks," she whispered, blinking back tears. How she wished she had a flawless body, now more than ever. "So they are," Edward agreed, but continued kissing anyway. "You're still Bella, though." Somehow, those words calmed her more than anything else could've. So she uncovered herself, and did her best to be unashamed as Edward continued kissing down her body. Soon enough, the pleasure was so much she stopped caring either way. "Bella," he groaned, in that way that she loved. His caresses hadn't stopped, and she felt a little useless, just lying there. So she switched spots, now sitting on his stomach. She kissed his delectable jawline, going lower and lower until she was faced with his happy trail. Looking up, she curled her lip in amusement when she saw Edward's eyes screwed shut with pleasure. She touched a little lower. Suddenly, his eyes flashed open, and she could've sworn she heard a growl as his sanity snapped. "Fuck," he hissed, switching their positions once more. "Bella, please. I need you now." Gasping, she nodded as he pressed up against her. "Are you protected?" Edward asked, voice thin with restraint. "Yes. Please, make love to me," she begged, and the voice she'd used was barely recognizable to her. Edward's eyes darkened, and he pressed his lips harshly against hers. He angled his hips. He maintained the kiss. He thrust quickly and held himself steady. It hurt. She wasn't lying when she said it hurt more than she'd thought it would; she'd never used tampons or had done any intense exercise that could've stretched her hymen even the tiniest bit. And Edward wasn't small by any means; she wasn't sure what he was, but she was sure that he had to be more than well endowed. "Are you ok?" Edward gasped, clearly using all of his self-control at the moment. Bella nodded. "Just give me a second to adjust." She hooked her arms around his neck and her ankles behind his ass. After a minute or so, she tried moving, and instead of pain, there was only a slight twitch of discomfort. She could live with that. "You can move," she said, and her breath hitched when he did. From then, it was a tug-of-war. They pushed and pulled, they gave and they took. They sped up and they slowed down, they muttered sweet everythings and dirty nothings. They were steadily building on a crescendo of pleasure, until suddenly they felt their nerve endings shatter and regenerate, pull in and then exhale. There was everything inside of their cocoon and nothing outside of it. They were alone in the world; they were the world. Gasps, intakes of breaths and shudders followed, until the two were but two bodies cuddling in the middle of a much too small bed. "I love you, Edward," Bella said, once she'd regained her breath. "I love you, too, Bells." My husband once told me that in order to love anybody else, you had to love yourself. Before him, I hadn't thought it true. In theory I did, but in practice I didn't. I'd wanted him to love me when I didn't even love myself. I thought the rest of the world shallow, but never thought maybe the shallow one was me. I was so overly concerned with others —what they thought of me, what they expected of me— that I never stopped to wonder what I thought of myself. It was a long, harsh process of learning to love myself. But I did it; I learned how to stop being my harshest critic and start being my greatest admirer. I think that the biggest lesson I got from my husband was that the cover is just a reflection of the inside; who feels good inside, looks good outside. I— "Edward, stop reading my fucking blog!" Hiya! So, as you can see, this is a FFN that was mostly based on the idea of self-love and acceptance of yourself. Now, I know Bella lost weight, but at the end of the day, it was for herself, and Edward never really cared either way (he only cared as far as her self-image was concerned). Also, in case you were wondering, the song I referenced in the beginning is Toothbrush from DNCE (or as I call them, Dance Without An A, because I'm dorky like that). I hope that you took something positive from this pic, and I hope that the biggest message that was left was that self-love is the greatest type of love there is. Once you have that, the rest will follow. Anyways, please leave me some love! Leah. P.S. Check out my other story, Chronicles of a Western Belle. ;) Summary: This isn't a love story. Sure, it has love, but that's not the point of Bella Swan's life; her life is a story of friendship, and overcoming hardships alongside her best friends and -and would everyone just STOP assuming that she's dating Edward Cullen? She's not! And she's NOT going to date the new boy, who thought she was cheating on Jasper with Edward. Wait. What? AH. E/B OOC