her. "I'm not keeping anything from you and there's nothing I've done in the past that I feel ashamed of." "Good, cause Armold will try to make you feel dirty up there and like you did something wrong, he's going to try to get the jury to feel as if you're a liar. If we make it to court you will see him writing a lot, more than the avera-" "If we make it to court?" Alice asked Rosalie sharply. "No one in the DA's office wants to touch this case, I don't think they're any judges out there who wants to sit on this trial." "So one no believes me?" I asked her in disbelief. Rosalie sighed. "I believe you, most of my colleagues do and so does the police, it's just he-" "He's Edward Masters ." I finished for her. "Exactly. The police department called my office before even thinking of going to question him. They were torn on whether to throw your statement in the trash or not. No one in the DA's office was interested in someone accusing him of a crime, especially if that someone is an ordinary girl without money or power. The world is cruel, Bella. With a case as big as this, the boss would usually sit first chair and an ADA like myself would sit second chair." But everyone is too concerned with the jury being tampered with, evidence disappearing or Masters taking out a hit on them. We had to put the Doctor who examined you in protective custody to make sure she doesn't disappear before the trial even got started. I fought hard for this case, they threatened to fire my but I knew they wouldn't actually do it. I have the highest conviction rate." "I don't want you to get hurt, you've been so good to Alice and I. Are you sure you want to prosecute him, you're willing to do that just for me? Aren't you the least bit afraid?" I asked. "Bella, you should know by now I don't fear anything or anyone. Besides, I have a huge problem with powerful men thinking they're entitled and can take what doesn't belong to them. Not to say that it isn't going to be difficult, that's why I'm going to ask you one more time, are you sure you want to go through with this?" *END FLASHBACK* "Could you tell the court what the police brought her into the Hospital for?" "She was brought in to have a rape kit done." "And what were the findings of said rape kit?" "Ms. Adams had a number of injuries consistent with sexual assault. There were bruises on her breasts, neck, between her thighs. Her wrists were red and purple as if someone held and squeezed them for a long period of time. Teeth markings on her shoulders and vaginal tearing and bleeding usually do from the woman not being aroused or prepared for intercourse. I could tell her hymen had been recently torn and there was semen inside of her. " I shivered and tried to block out what Dr. Sears was saying. I'm not going to cry, I won't give him the satisfaction. I hadn't even realized Rosalie was putting up blown up pictures taken of my injuries. I looked up and was taken aback. I felt sick and disgusted. "I'm calling a half an hour recess." The judge said while looking at me. I quickly got up and exited the courtroom. I could tell Alice was in tow right behind me. I dashed to the restroom and hung my head over the toilet while I threw up. I realized Alice was behind me holding up my hair. "If I can't handle this how I am I going to get up on the stand and tell a group of strangers what happened?" "It's okay Bella, you'll be fine. If you get scared just look at me." Alice said as she hugged me tightly. "I wish Mom and Dad were here." I sobbed. "I know, I wish your Mom and Dad were here too." I heard the restroom door open. "I'm sorry, Bella." "It's fine, I know it's your job and that you have to show the photos." I said while heading to the sink to wash my hands. "Come, I'll get us some hot cocoa and croissants." Rosalie said while she led me out of the bathroom with Alice. When we got out Mr. Big and mean was standing there. "Nice performance, Isabella. You seemed very convincing to the jury, the judge even bought it, he called a recess." "Excuse me?" I asked, his taunt catching me off guard. What happened next was even more unbelievable. Rosalie slapped him hard in face. The noise bounced off the walls and everyone turned to look at us. "What the hell are you all looking at!?" Rosalie yelled at everyone who was staring, they quickly turned their heads. "You're a disgusting piece of filth just like your Boss! Stay away from her and all of my witnesses, Armold. You don't want to make me any angrier!" Rosalie seethed at him. He brought his muscular, 6'4" frame closer to her to the point they were touching. "Ohh I think I do. I would love to see how wild you could get." He whispered into Rosalie's ear, I had barely heard it. Rosalie slapped him again but this time with the back of her hand. I bet that one hurt more. People turned around again to look. Rosalie glared at them and they turned back around. She shoved him out of her way, dragging me behind her, I had a tight grip on Alice's wrist and was pulling her as Rosalie dragged me behind her. "Watching you model around the courtroom in that leather skirt was making me hard all morning. I couldn't even cross-examine your first witness." He told Rosalie. He made my skin crawl. Better running into him than him I guess.