sort of makes me want to aww. So I give him the best smile I own, all toothy and shiny. "I'm fine, Mr. Banner. It makes me happy to see so many people care about me." I say, and it's the truth. It's good for a girl to know she's liked, and actions speak louder than words. Mr. Banner gives a tiny nod, skeptical but relieved to see I'm holding up. "Well, so long as you're ok, Isabella." I lean in, pretending to tell him a secret. "Don't worry, we'll discuss yesterday's game later." I grin, and laugh when I get a boyish grin in return. I think Mr. Tanner is a cool guy, but is often misunderstood. Mr. Banner dismisses me, telling me to hurry to the next class. I make a pit stop in the bathroom, cursing the two cups of orange juice I drink every morning. While I'm doing my business, I see two pairs of legs in front of the sinks. "I can't believe that Bella." A bitchy voice says, which I recognize as Jessica's. "She gets insulted, and doesn't even flinch." "I know, right?" one of her followers, Lauren, says. "I heard him call her an ugly tomboy. God bless him for saying what we're all thinking." "I know! But it's so frustrating. It doesn't matter what you tell her, she won't cry. And Edward is so defensive of her, too. So annoying." Jessica scoffs. "It's because he knows he's her only friend. He takes pity on her by hanging out with her. And seriously, have you seen how she speaks to Mr. Banner? That slut flirts with anything that has a dick!" "Ugh, don't remind me." They leave, and I stay. I'm crying inside my stall. I don't know what of all they said struck me the most, but it was probably from saying Edward takes pity on me. Things have been up in the air with Edward lately, and I wonder sometimes. Is he still my friend because he pities stupid Bella? What's keeping him with me? My charming personality? I don't want Edward to hate me. I don't want anyone in the gang to hate me. The tears keep streaming down my face. There's a knock, and Ed's voice follows it, asking if I'm here. Tentatively, I open the door. Edward takes one look at my face and hurries in the bathroom, locking the door behind him and pulling me into a hug. I cry my eyes out against his chest, probably staining his precious shirt, but I don't care, and I know he doesn't either. "What's wrong, Belle? Did that asshole say something else?" "N-No, it's not about h-him." I hiccup, cleaning my nose on his shirt. He takes a step back so he can look at my face, which has tear tracks and snot running down my nose. I wipe it with the back of my hand, still hiccupping. I sort of feel like a two year old, crying to mommy about being pushed in the playground. "Then what?" it's one of those rare instances where Edward is gentle, and I'm sort of glad he isn't trying to laugh this off, like he usually does. "J-Jessica and L-Lauren," I'm not above ratting them out, ladies and gentlemen, "said th-at I'm slutty, and that you ta-ke pity on me and that's why you h-hang out with me. A-And that I really am an ugly tom-boy." I hiccup, looking away. Edward's anger has reached its maximum. "Isabella, listen to me." He wipes away my tears, cupping my cheeks so he can make sure I look him in the eye. It's embarrassing, but I do. Edward... he looks so angry for my sake. I don't know what to feel about it, but I decide to feel protected. My worries are blown away. Who cares? I have Edward. I might not be the prettiest girl, but I don't care about beauty. I look at myself in the mirror, averting my gaze from Puck's. My brown hair is tied in a grungy bun, the fringe Lou forced upon me held up by a bobby-pin. My brown eyes are bloodshot, my cheeks splotchy and my lips slightly swollen from biting them to hold back my cries. I'm not a pretty sight, but I'm not so bad in general. I'm fit, I have pretty hair and I have boobs hidden underneath the layers of clothes. So what am I crying about? I laugh, stepping back from Edward. He's surprised, but lets me go. "I'm sorry, Tony. I went crazy for a minute there. I'm ok now, though. I promise." He tugs me in for a hug. Then he whispers in my ear. "You're my beautiful, innocent, kind and hilarious best friend. Never let anyone tell you otherwise." And because he's a big sap, he farts, and our beautiful moment is over. So? What did you think? I know that there's a few things that might seem odd, but hear me out. This is actually an original story of mine, but I wanted to share it here, so I'm changing the characters into Twilight people. I've actually developed this story a lot already, and I really want to, you know, share it here (again), So please forgive me if you find some discrepancies, and please point them out (like if I say at one point that Bella has blue eyes, for instance, or that Edward has a Mohawk -believe me, I'm not trying to give him one). So, I really hate doing this. But I've learnt that motivation is a really important thing, and I don't want to continue a story nobody likes. So on that note, I've set the goal to 20 follows for this chapter. If (or when) we reach it, I'll post the second chapter, maybe a little shorter if y'all thought this was too long. Also, there will be smut, hence the rating. I'm just trying to do some character development here. :) Leah.