shrugged, "Well that's better than anything I got. It's worth a shot." "That could work." Cooper agreed. "We should probably hunt along the way." Alice murmured as she rubbed Cooper's arm. I figured she wanted to expose Cooper to animal blood as soon as possible. Rosalie was growing impatient, "Well let's get going then." "Alright, we'll meet in the same town that we stopped to hunt at on the way down." We all agreed and headed our separate ways. The run was silent, as usual. Peter and Charlotte followed me around the area for a while before we eventually went to Colorado. I hoped our circles, combined with the wind, would be enough to confuse Maria. Either that, or I hoped that she didn't care enough to follow us. I figured that the second one would be unrealistic so I was really hoping the plan worked. The Cullen's were hunting in the exact same woods where we'd stopped to hunt on the way down. Carlisle and Alice were trying to explain how to hunt to Cooper. It was basically the same idea as hunting humans, but it felt odd since it wasn't a human. The hardest part was trying to convince yourself that animal blood was good so you could get into a "hunting mode" so to speak. "How the hell do you do this?" Cooper asked when he saw me. I rose an eyebrow at him, "What do you mean? You run after it, you catch it, you bite it, you drink it. It's easy." "But how do you mentally make yourself not disgusted? The doing it is easy, the not puking is hard." Carlisle chuckled and shook his head, "That's a new one. I've heard the unappetizing, I've heard the not as good as human blood, but I've never heard the 'It makes me want to puke.'" "No offense, it's probably cause I'm not used to it." Cooper muttered. "You do get used to it. Once you do it so long you kind of forget what human blood tastes like it gets better." I agreed with him. Cooper looked to Carlisle for confirmation, "Is it true?" Carlisle hesitated for a moment, "I'm not sure. I've never actually drank human blood." "Never?" Cooper stared at him completely amazed. It was very rare that someone had never had human blood before. Carlisle was the only one I'd met who could say such a thing. "Never." Cooper shook his head at Carlisle, most likely believing that he was crazy. Suddenly his face changed from shocked to devious, "So Jasper I've been meaning to talk to you. You must've been pretty worried about me to come get me." "No. Actually I was hoping that Maria killed you so I could come and dance on your grave." "Really? That's not what Edward told me. So tell me again when you bought your first bra and panty set? Was it after you met the Cullen's or before?" I rolled my eyes, "Screw you, Cooper. How the hell would you know if I bought a set? Digging through my dresser? Need to borrow some? I'm sure Rosalie or Alice have some you could borrow." Carlisle chuckled at our banter, "So, how did you two get so lucky as to be changed together?" There he went again with the questions, though I didn't really mind this one, "It wasn't that special. I was out hunting one day with Maria and I saw him. I recognized him immediately. Some more newborns where also hunting in the area and were going to kill him. I stopped them and brought Cooper to Maria and requested that he be changed, making up some lie about how I thought he'd be an asset." "Oh screw you," Cooper shoved me, "I was an asset and you know it." "Like I said, 'Still standing around Cooper?'" "Shut up, that was my job. To watch. I had to make sure that no one got out of line." I rolled my eyes, "Anyway, she agreed to change him and I spent the rest of my time covering his ass to make sure she didn't kill him." "You make me sound like such a trouble-making pain in the ass. I'm promise I'm not as bad as he makes it sound." "I'm sure." Carlisle laughed. Peter gave him a nudge, "That's right you got a woman to keep you in line now." Cooper chuckled, his humor quickly turned to embarrassment but there was an underlying joy and love, "I don't need someone to keep me in line. I make the line." "Hear that Alice?" Peter shouted and pointed at Cooper. Alice simply rolled her eyes and laughed. Cooper took to the life of animal blood surprisingly quick. Of course he slipped up a few times, which resulted in us moving, but Carlisle said it was to be expected. I, too, had slipped up when I first began. Though I'd tried to practice control after leaving Peter and Charlotte it had never worked out for long periods of time. The Cullen's were surprisingly understanding and accepting when dealing with slip-ups. Much more so than I had expected them to be. As the years went on both Cooper and I had gotten better with our self control. Carlisle had been right, it just took some practice. "I'm not sure what to do. They have everything else set up, they just need my answer." She paused in thought on the other end of the phone, "Well ultimately the decision is yours. I think you should do it. How many vampires get the opportunity to do that?" "I know. I just...what if something goes wrong? What if she gets hurt?" "I think everything will be fine. Trust in your abilities as a doctor. I know you can handle anything that might come up throughout this. Either way, which ever you choose, you know that we'll support you. But it's a good opportunity." "I know," I sighed deeply, "trust me I know."