is that she truly loved Demetri. Had we known immediately, we would have brought her to Carlisle. But Demetri just dumped her here. Eleazar and Garrett took off after him and held him by throat until he told them the whole story. Eleazar and Garrett destroyed him. We didn't tell Lydia immediately, in case we could save them both…like you and Bella," Tanya paused with a sad smile, "but I think deep down she already knew, and she convinced Carmen to tell her the truth. Bella hugged Edward closer, and looked to their cousins. "Is there anything else we should know before we go in there?" Carmen walked out the front door just as Bella asked the question, and bowed her head before responding. After a moment, she raised her eyes and flitted contact between Edward and Bella. "Yes. You need to know it all, but we don't have much time. I fear she will deliver in the next few hours. A decision must be made." Edward gestured toward the two porch swings. They all sat, and Edward prompted, "Ok, Carmen, we're ready to hear it." Carmen nodded. "Demetri showed up a week ago with Lydia in tow. He said he had found his mate in this human girl shortly after the battle in Forks. Apparently, Aro had told Demetri and Alex to stay behind in the States for a short while, just to ensure that none of us who stood with you on that field were following them. Aro was quite concerned about Romanians in particular, you know. Anyway, Alex waited two weeks before returning to Italy. Demetri was told to remain another two weeks. He met Lydia on a small farm when he was looking for his next meal. Lydia was home alone that day. He intended to drain her, but then apparently a more devious plot formed in his mind. After leaving Forks with no harm done to our clans, especially the Cullens, Demetri was livid. He wanted two outcomes from the Forks intervention. He wanted you destroyed, Edward. He wanted you as his mate, Bella." Neither Edward, nor Bella were truly shocked by the revelations. Edward had heard Demetri's rabid thoughts many times since his trip to Italy. Except, when Bella was human, Edward knew that Demetri would have settled for her blood. On the field that winter day, Edward heard Demetri's more lustful thoughts about his wife. He knew Bella also recognized the heated and penetrating sweeps Demetri made over her body. Demetri's thoughts had also betrayed his disbelief that any vampire could have the control to physically mate with a human and not kill them. Truly, Demetri was pissed off that Edward Cullen had not only managed the task, but also had the one thing so many vampires wanted. Edward had sired his own child. Carmen continued. "Demetri took advantage of Lydia. You could say he "woo'd" her. He told her they were meant to be together. He told her he loved her. He told her they were soul mates. He said he could make all of her dreams and wishes come true. Oh yes, he dazzled her." At the word "dazzle" Bella would have blushed if it were possible. How many times had Edward dazzled her when she was human. Edward chuckled, not needing the hear her thoughts on this to understand her flustered reaction. Bella cleared her throat and looked at Carmen. "Right, he dazzled her. What next?" Carmen frowned. "He took her physically. Oh, he didn't force himself. She definitely gave in willingly, because she believed that he loved her and that they were mates. The problem was that he didn't have the experience to care for a human. He kept at her with his vampire stamina. He didn't feed her frequently. By the time he brought her here, she was suffering from malnutrition and dehydration. And she was very pregnant. We were the closest existing family that could care for her needs. He assumed since we were family with the Cullens that we would know exactly what needed to be done to get the baby delivered safely. Of course, we had to tell him that we had no knowledge of Renesmee's birth or Bella transformation. Outside of your family, Edward, I dare say that Aro is the only one with that intimate knowledge. Even Nessie's invasive gift doesn't give us all of the details of what needed to be done." Edward winced and nodded sadly, and indicated that Carmen should continue. "We settled Lydia in for a nap, and then tried to reason with Demetri. He told us he was expected back in Italy, and that he couldn't take Lydia with him for obvious reasons. He said we should take care of things the best we could, and fled. Eleazar and Garrett gave chase, knowing there had to be more. When they finally caught up with Demetri the next day, Demetri came clean. He admitted it was a means to gain power. He just wanted what Edward had. He held no feelings at all for the girl. Whether she or the child lived or died was of no consequence to him. He knew there might be some punishment once he returned to Italy, but truly believed that Aro would show mercy when he understood Demetri's weakness. Eleazar and Garrett knew they couldn't allow Demetri to go back to Aro. He might forgive that weakness, but he would also know that another half-vampire could exist, another human knows our secret, and it would land the Volturi on our doorstep. We couldn't risk another potential confrontation so soon. We do not believe it would end peacefully." Bella shook her head in confusion. "What weakness could Aro forgive so easily, Carmen?" Edward sucked in a sharp breath. He heard Carmen's answer before she spoke it aloud. "You, Bella. You were his weakness. And you need to be prepared before you go in there and meet Lydia. Bella, she looks almost exactly like you."