the finishing touches on the bulletin board above her desk, Bella sat down and pulled out the big file folder that she had already gone through twice. Of her class of twenty-four, seven of those students had IEP's. The Individual Education Plan's were helpful and she knew that she had to do her best to stick to them but she didn't want to consider them the end all of what those kids needed. Only a few of her students in the previous two years that she taught needed IEP's and even then they were just pulled out to work with someone one on one in certain subjects for an hour or so a day. This year she would be dealing with students who needed help and she was all the help they would have offered to them. Feeling overwhelmed, she flipped to the back of the folder where each student had their own page with a little bit of history on it. A few weeks ago, she had sent postcards to each family welcoming their child to her classroom. She knew that for some kids, the first day of school could be overwhelming and she didn't want them to be worried when they arrived. Three of the students were even altogether new to the district. Her buzzing phone made her jump and she quickly reached into her purse to grab it. "Hey, Rose. What's up?" "Nothing much. I have some news, though." "What?" "I have a date!" "A date? I want the details!" "His name is Emmett...I never did catch his last name...but anyway...I almost ran him over and when I went to check and make sure he was okay..." "Wait! You ran him over?" "I almost ran him over," Rosalie Hale stated, as if it were no big deal. "Explain." "He's a construction worker and he was holding that turny slow and stop sign thingy. Well, I was going too fast and I didn't see him..." "Rose! My dad can only get you out of so many tickets! It's dangerous! You could have hurt this guy!" "Well, I didn't. I went back and checked, remember?" "Oh my, God," Bella muttered, planting her face on her desk. "So," Rose continued, completely ignoring her friend. "He's really cute and after giving me a lecture, I asked if I could make it up to him by paying for dinner some night. He smiled, and yes he has dimples, and actually turned me down if he couldn't get to pay. So, we're now having dinner this Friday. He's even paying!" "Well, gee, I'm glad the guys not dead ..." "Bella, don't be so dramatic. I almost hit him, remember?" "That makes it better," Bella pretended to agree while rolling her eyes. "So, whatcha doing? It's Sunday night...are you going to stop by?" "I'll probably be here for a while." "Where are you?" "The school. First day is tomorrow, remember?" "Oh, yeah. Aren't you scared?" "No. You sound like my mom. They aren't criminals." "Yet." "Rosalie Hale!" "I'm sorry. I just couldn't imagine working with kids who's parents are drug dealers and alcoholics." "Not all of them are like that. In fact, I've had two responses to my postcards. Two parents actually sent me a letter to say hi and to let me know that they'll help with anything I need. There's hope." "Still, not all of those parents are going to be that easy to deal with." "I know. It's really sad, Rose. I have kids who are in foster care, I have kids who have emotional behavior problems...I mean, there's one parent who, if I'm understanding this right, had to have had this little girl when he was like fourteen." "Well, that's what you're there for. Try to give them some type of positive authority figure while you can... Hey, I have to go. My mom's calling me." Sitting back in her chair, Bella rubbed her temples. She'd been best friends with Rose for as long as she could remember. They were next door neighbors and had even gone off to college together. Rose's dad was a surgeon and her mom was an oncologist. Needless to say, the only Hale child didn't have the kind of debt Bella walked away with upon graduating. Still, as flighty as the blonde could be, she had always been there for Bella and was dearly loved by the Swan family. As Bella realized how alone she felt, it wasn't the first time that she wished she could meet guys like Rose could. The girl could give Megan Fox a run for her money. Bella hated Megan Fox. She was too damn pretty. There was nothing very remarkable about Bella. She was about average height, with typical brown eyes, wavy mahogany hair, and was as clumsy as hell. Yep, she was a real keeper. Forcing herself to focus on the task at hand, Bella pulled her glasses from her purse and popped them onto her face. Before the students arrived in the morning, she would have everything she could memorized about them. Still, one child's file still confused her. The legal guardian's birth date was April 6, 1988. That made him twenty-four years old, the same age as her. She couldn't imagine having a ten year old daughter. Shaking her head, she pushed on to another child's page and settled in for a long evening. Bella prayed that this wasn't going to be as bad as everyone was making it out to be. As always, it means a lot to me when I receive reviews from my wonderful readers. Reviews are my payment after all the time I put into these stories and the motivation for me to keep writing. I beg of you, please leave me some feedback. If you enjoy it, share it. I have many wonderful ideas for this story but I also need to know that I have the fan base to keep it alive. So, please, leave me some love! Letzy xx