of them -the lucky one, as I remember him- died with a broken neck. Fast and clean. Only two remained and with demonic influence he pointed at one of the man's rifles. He began begging for mercy as his arms raised the weapon towards his friend, the creature only laughed. The man in between the rifle and the creature dropped his own rifle and ran off the other direction; certainly he thought his friend wouldn't kill him. And so did I, until I heard the rifle go off and the body falling to the ground motionless. The creature laughed out loud and the man cried, asking what had he done and how could he make him do such thing. The creature walked closer to the - Page 7- broken man and went at his throat with his mouth in a wild, animal-like way. Never before I 've seen such thing in my life, except maybe when I see dogs or wolves killing their prey with savagery. I called for Heavens above and used all of my little strength to get back in my feet. Into the woods I went, dragging my feet and praying as hard as I could. Everywhere I looked, only shadows stared back. As I felt getting away from the scene I dared to believe I was safe from harm. Only I had survived from the horrors of tonight, only I had been witness of the atrocities of the night. As I begun to decide what to do next, go back home and move away to the farthest point in the colonies, a lump in my throat came up when the figure of the man came towards me from between the bushes. He looked at me plainly and evilly. He stared at me and I stared at him. For the longest time we didn't move, didn't spoke. Just stared into each other 's eyes. His eyes were red and bright, spoke of the millions of evil things he must have done in his life. Red, bright and empty. Empty as the darkness in which my platoon had been indulged by death. I often wonder what he saw in my eyes. Fear? Cowardice? Anything at all? I gathered my strength, my bravery, and asked him one thing: "What are you?" I said. "Where do you come from?" "I'm one of the shadows in the Valley of Death" he answered in a deep, rich voice. European I guessed, but from exactly where I couldn't tell. Again we fell deep in a mysterious silence, so many more things I would have liked to know but as I gathered myself again to ask, he came at me the same he'd done to that poor man back in the clearing and took me by the throat. His teeth pierced my skin and I felt as my blood gauged out of me to him. I felt my life abandoning me slowly as I looked up at the moon. - Page 8- The perfect beautiful moon, which will keep the secrets of our deaths forever and ever. One last breath I took and the darkness of death covered me. But somehow I didn't die completely. I waited for the tunnel and the light, for my grandparents or my dog to come get me and guide me into Heaven, but none of that happened. I woke up one night covered in fresh soil and I crawled my way up the hole. I dig myself out but I was no longer me. I could hear everything, like the flies next to the uncovered corpses in the cemetery. I could smell everything, like the undertakers taking a small break and getting drunk at a corner nearby. And I could feel everything, like a hunger I 've never felt before in my belly and with fear -and curiosity- I somehow came to realize what it all meant. I came out of the whole, still wearing my uniform. I looked around and saw a small, makeshift cemetery and a headstone with no names on it. It only said 'unknown soldiers' and a number ten. "At least they had a proper burial " I made the sign of the Cross, the way my mother had taught me when little. Kissed my ground stained fingers as I supposed to and went off, only to come across an open grave with a young girl 's corpse just a few steps away from my mound . Poor thing, she couldn't have been more than thirteen. So sweet and pure, with her long, red wavy hair and her freckled ivory skin. Only that her purity had been clearly taken, and by the looks of it, right after death. I kneeled next to her and touched her leg slightly, ever so delicately as if to not disturb her sleep. A faint layer of dust lay over her skin, but a greater quantity of dust and soil seemed to be placed on the fabric on which she lay. Anger, which is very uncharacteristically of me, came over my whole being as I started tying the knots of what had happened to this lovely creature. "Oi! Who are you, lad? Why you here at this late hour?" one of the undertakers called behind me. His friend was next to them with a shovel in his hand ready for me, but I did not care. I neither cared I was standing on Christian ground, what they had done was lower than any of the things I was about to do to them. Which were simply easing my hunger and cleaning the world rid out of parasites - Page 9- like them. I got up and turned to face them, as I did this I felt my teeth grow in size. Felt them with my tongue and noticed the sharpness of them. The undertaker 's eyes grew in size and they apparently noticed too. "I am only one of the many shadows in the Valley of Death" I answer.