"I knew you wanted me to tell you I loved you, but I'm…" Edward didn't want to hear the rest of that sentence, so he shot up to his feet and gave her a bruising kiss, silencing Bella. He took off her bra and panties, his belt and jeans and boxers. She let him shut her up for a while, then tried talking in between kisses, but he wouldn't let her. Instead he threw her down on the bed and sealed her lips any way he could. "Ed—" He checked if she was wet, and she was. She always was, and sometimes Edward wondered if she'd been made just for him. To answer just to him. Heavens knew he was always ready to answer to her. Wanting to drown out her missing sentence, Edward drove himself into her, knowing his length always drove Bella incoherent. He set a bruising pace, knowing Bella could take it. It was his pace, and she was designed to mold herself to anything that was his. They were the perfect design, if only he could make her see it… "Bella, I love you," Edward repeated endlessly into her mouth, his match sometimes speeding up, other times driving himself harder into her. They were a mixture of sweat, tears, saliva and juices, the distinct smell etched forever into their minds. Fuck, he loved her. " Edward! " Bella gasped suddenly, her back arching and pushing him even deeper inside of her. She was crying, overwhelmed by feelings that weren't hers and by words that were about to spill over. "Fuck!" Edward rammed himself into her, prolonging her orgasm by rubbing her clit furiously. Twitching, she tightened so much around him that Edward came, spilling inside of her his essence and his soul. She could have them; he had no need for them anymore. He collapsed beside her, and within moments, he was passed out. Edward woke up at five in the morning. It was his practice alarm, but today he had the day off. Groaning, he shut it off, noticing a warmth on his chest. It was Bella, still there with him, looking up at him. "Hey sleepy head," she smiled tiredly. Looking down, he saw she'd covered them with his blankets at some point, and she had her arm and leg over his body, her eyes just below his. "Bella?" he whispered. She nodded. "I didn't hurt you, did I?" Edward asked, suddenly remembering how harsh he'd been with her before falling asleep. Thankfully, she just shook her head in denial. "You're still here." She blinked. "Where else would I be?" "Oh, I don't know. With someone you're treated with a bit more tact or something," Edward frowned, but contrary to his words, his arms tightened around her. "Or something." Bella muttered, leaning forward and laying a kiss on his chin. "Who'd I run to?" "Jacob," Edward, sour as ever, muttered. She giggled, and the sound was so sweet to his ears his heart pounded. "His girlfriend might have a problem with that," Bella said. "And mine might, too." He closed his eyes, a part of him he hadn't known was raging calming down. "He would," Edward admitted. "He's deeply attached to you." "Hey, boyfriend?" Bella whispered, knowing he was being lulled back to sleep. He hummed. "I love you." The calm ended, his eyes shot open and his neck twisted to bring his head as humanly close as possible to Bella's. "What?" "I love you, Edward." Bella leaned forward with another kiss, this time to his lips. "I'd crumble to bits if you didn't love me. I'm sorry for not saying it sooner." It was magic. His lungs expanded, his head cleared, his heart grew, his stomach fluttered —hell, he wasn't sure which body part didn't react. He wasted no time wondering if Bella was being truthful; she didn't say things she didn't mean. Her word was her bond, and this sentence tied her to him for life. He attacked her with kisses. He kissed her face, her neck, her shoulders. He paid attention to her breasts, her abdomen, her legs. He stopped in between them, burying his face deep in between what made her a woman. He lavished her in attention, then emptied himself inside of her again. Once more, tears had spilled from his eyes, only this time he was sure that those on Bella's face were her own. This time, they were happy tears. "I love you, Bella." He didn't kiss her. "I love you too, Edward Cullen. So much." He wanted to hear those words too badly to do so. "Laugh it up old man, I know you find it so damn amusing, don't you?" Stare. "Yeah, yeah, I know. What are the odds that I'd be the one doing the talking between the two of us?" Nothing. "You did this on purpose, didn't you?" She accused. "You had to go and get yourself stuck in this place so I'd do the talking, didn't you?" Sigh. "Well, guess what, you asshole. It worked. You made me be the verbose one between the two of us." Bella Cullen cried, drowning out the flatline. "I love you, Edward." For the first and only time in seventy years of marriage, he didn't say it back. Less than a year later, he apologized for the lack of response. Ok, so, I just got struck by this oneshot. I sometimes get obsessed with these things, so instead of updating my other story, studying or sleeping, I did this the last week or so. Hopefully, y'all see I didn't mean to make hateful characters, but flawed partners that had trouble communicating. It's too often relationships end because people don't tell each other what's ailing them, so I hope this extreme situation of lack of talking puts it into perspective for you if you feel like you're either Edward or Bella. Anyway, I wish you liked this fic! Don't forget to favorite, follow and review. :)) Leah.