"Bella, of course getting married is important. You need to understand that I wanted to tell you in person and that I LOVE Esme with all my being." he told me taking a step forward, I took a step back shaking my head. "After everything we have been through with her family? Her perfect little children beating the shit out of me? Teasing me for years… you marry her and they become yours like that?" I whisper to him, he shakes his head pissed. I could tell he is mad at me, but I'm mad at him. "Bella don't bring what Alice and Emmett did in the past into this. THIS is about Esme and I loving each other. I'm so sorry I didn't tell you but I had a reason. I wanted to tell you in person. I didn't want to tell you over the phone. I planned on telling you on our six month visit but you never showed up, you canceled." he told me, I looked into my same blue eyes. "Does mom know?" I asked him, my crying slowing down a bit. He let's out a breath and shakes his head. "No, she doesn't." he responded, I gulped. "I can't believe you got married… my God. This changes everything dad. How am I supposed to-" "Wowa, what's going on here? Dad? Mom?" I heard a deep voice boom. I spun around to see a tall, muscular man standing next to a small pixie like girl. Both of them where staring at my dad and I. I wiped my eyes, my face burning with embarrassment. I studied the man. He was tall, like 6'6 and had muscles everywhere. He looked my age though. His curly brownish, blondish hair was falling on his forehead soaking wet and his blue eyes kept darting between my dad and I. His nose was perfect for his face and his lips looked so kissable. "Emmett," my dad started, I gasped… this hot man that stood before me was Emmett Cullen? The Emmett Cullen who had ruined my life when I was younger. "Why aren't you and Alice in school?" "We thought we'd come chill with you guys for a couple of hours." he answered looking hesitantly. "what's going on?" "Emmett, son… Bella is here." I glared at Emmett. No matter how hot he was I would not forgive him for teasing me. "Bella?" he said shocked looking at me. "This is Bella? The nerdy Bella?" "Emmett!" I heard Esme snap. He frowned. "Sorry." he quickly said, I rolled my eyes. "Can we all go inside and discuss this. Bella is going to get sick out here." Esme said lovingly. "Yeah, come on Bells." my dad agreed. Everybody piled into the house. It was bigger. They must of added on to the back. "Where's my room?" I asked my dad wanting to escape. "We uh, added onto the back so we'd have enough room for everyone. Your room is now down here Bella, as is Emmett's. The master bedroom is still upstairs as is Alice's and the extra bedroom." Esme told me with a warm smile. I couldn't help but smile back. She was innocent, but my dad, Emmett, and Alice weren't. I was still mad at all of them. "Thank you." I told her, she smiled brightly. "No problem sweetheart. Do you want me to show you to you room. Is Abigail staying with you in your room?" Esme asked Ab and I. "Yeah I am." Abigail answered with a small awkward smile. I chuckled at her expression. She hated drama as much as I did. "Yeah, I'd like that." I told her wanting to get out of my soaking wet clothes and pull up my hair. "Okay, Emmett will you grab there bags please? Alice will you show Mel to her room please?" Esme asked both of them, they both nodded. Abigail and I fallowed Esme to the back of the house. Emmett fallowed silently behind us carrying are bags. "I'm so sorry Bella. I didn't mean to cause such a problem for you and your dad." Esme whispered broken heartedly. I felt bad for her, she didn't do anything wrong. "It's not your fault." I told her as we pasted the now large kitchen and walked into a hallway. She led me up to a door. "This is your room. I personally designed it. I hope you like it." she smiled shyly. I smiled back as she opened the door. The room was amazing. The color scheme was my two favorite colors; sea blue and a sea green. In one corner there was a huge king size bed. A dresser stood against the left wall. There where a couple of chairs in the opposite corner of the bed. They where polka dotted in different colors. There where random colorful rugs in different areas. There where two doors on the right and wall straight in front of me. Three walls where sea green and one was the sea blue I had a feeling one was a closet and the other was a bathroom. "Wow. This is amazing. Thank you Esme." I grinned at her, she smiled back. "Your welcome sweetheart. I hope you and Abigail enjoy it here." with those last words she left Abigail and I alone… with Emmett. "Um, here are your bags." Emmett awkwardly said, I raised my eyebrows at him. He frowned and put are bags on my bed. "Baby, no need to be all moody with me." he said while grinning like a Cheshire cat at me. He than disappeared in the hall. Abigail giggled. "I can't believe that is Emmett." she whispered to me, I rolled my eyes at her with a small smile at her face. "Oh yes, that is Emmett… and if there is anything we are going to do during are stay here is get revenge on Emmett and Alice." I could tell Ab gulped, she looked scared and that amused me.