either people I barely knew telling me and the company that I worked for thank you, or people that I no longer knew asking me what had happened to me. I'd disappeared off the face of the world - or my world, anyways - and I was getting tired of telling everyone that I was fine, I'd just straightened my ass out and was getting married. Married; How had I ever thought this was going to be so easy? How long could I fake my way through life? It had only been a few months and was already starting to wear on me. I used to spend so much time and energy trying to come to terms with who I was, and now I couldn't handle being someone that I wasn't. I used to have to defend myself all the time for the choices I made, and I still had to even though I was doing everything right, living by the book. Was I ever going to be happy? Seth's POV Liz was sitting on the couch when I came home, a scowl on her beautiful face. That seemed to be a default expression for her anymore, though today it seemed more pronounced... She had changed alot since I had known her. Everything had changed. I kissed her head and sat down beside of her. She made a visible effort to smile and just couldn't manage it, and my heart hurt for her. I knew she hated her life now, and I had to shoulder some of that blame. I had never asked her to be this picture perfect cookie cutter type of girl, but she thought that's what she needed to be if we were going to be serious about our marriage. She had turned into a different person because she thought she had to for me. She didn't realize she had been perfect the way that she was. She finally looked at me instead of staring blankly at the floor. "Hungry?" My stomach growled at the thought. I smiled at her, but she didn't smile back. She got up and went into the kitchen, then came back with four sandwiches, already made for me. I stared at the plate in my hands. "Is something wrong, baby?" She sighed. "I had a fight with Ana this morning." "What about?" She was already shaking her head before I could finish the question. "I don't want to talk about it," she said. That kind of answer was not unusual, but it cut me up still. She was distant, and I had no clue as to how I could get her close to me again. I knew exactly what the problem was, but that didn't provide me with any kind of solution for it. I bit into my sandwich. "Thank you," I told her with my mouth full, trying as I always did to get a genuine smile out of her. I failed. She made a disgusted face at me. "I'm really tired... I'm going to take a nap." She started walking away as I called, "Love you!" after her. I did love her, but she was driving me completely nuts. I loved the real her, the fun loving, carefree, musically adept, crazy girl that she had buried inside of her own skin. I was not the biggest fan of workaholic, boring, crabby Liz. Of course I loved her no matter what, but I was dying to catch a glimpse of the girl I had fallen for. The first thing she had changed was starting her stupid job. She didn't need the money, but she had this idea that we needed to be rich for me to be happy, and that was insane. It didn't seem like a big deal at first; Planning parties seemed perfect for her. But it wasn't long before she was buried under her workload, and the other changes followed close after that one. She'd changed her look for work, going from band t-shirts and ripped jeans to pencil skirts and blazers that hid her tattoos. Even when she was just relaxing at home, she was in something that you would see in a magazine... Her pajamas were designer names, for fuck's sake. She had stopped going out, except every now and then when she'd sneak over to Ana's and smoke some pot. She didn't know I knew she still smoked, and she also failed to realize that I didn't care; I actually preferred my stoner Liz to what I had now. I wish she would smoke more, get drunk again, do anything besides bury her personality and mope around all the time. Sitting in this room even showed me the difference in her. Gone were all paintings, pictures of friends, posters and comfortable furniture, replaced with framed words of inspiration about love, ugly lamps and a leather couch that had cost some people's life savings, even though it was like sitting on a rock. Nothing about this house reflected who she was anymore, only who she was faking being. She didn't talk to anyone anymore. She didn't play guitar or even listen to music anymore. She didn't watch the same movies or television shows. She didn't even curse anymore! I had tried everything I could think of to get her back to herself, but she wasn't having it. I imagined she was imprisoned inside of her mind while a robot took over her body, almost like possession. I was glad that she cared enough about being with me that she would do all of these things, but she refused to recognize that I would much rather have the old, wild Liz than this person that was now inhabiting her. Maybe it wouldn't bother me so much if these changes had made her happy. Her misery came through every second, even if she wasn't intending to show it. She was repressed, and she was doing it to herself. I wasn't sure if I would ever get her back.