he was flat on his back. Renata stood over him, her eyes wide but unrepentant. "You would turn on me, Renata?" Aro asked, genuine shock clear in his voice. Red eyes burning more fiercely than any of the bodies surrounding them were his only answer. As I flickered my eyes between the men and their most trusted guards, I caught sight of Athenodora and Sulpicia, Aro and Caius' wives, turning away. They had been made content by Corin, who had been bonded to Aro by Chelsea, who in turn had been made to believe she was happy using Corin's gift. The interwoven network of gifts meant to protect had become Aro and Caius' downfall. The guards and wives didn't make it more than twenty feet before they were attacked by the wolves, as was Caius, who had been following them futilely. I stood next to Aro, the man I had hated for longer than I could remember, watching his kingdom crumble beneath him. I felt no pride, no happiness. I felt nothing but the usual ache for my Didyme, my usual bone-deep weariness at my existence. "We must flee," Aro hissed in my direction. "Only a coward doesn't know when he is beaten, Aro." He turned toward me then, his face the cruellest I'd ever seen it. "You must be the most cowardly of them all then, must you not?" His words were the fuel that finally enabled me to let my rage go. I leaped before he knew it was coming, landing on him so hard he went down three feet deep in the snow. "She was my mate!" I screamed, not caring that my voice was hoarse. "Mine, Aro, for all eternity. Mine to have forever, mine to care for, to care for me. You stole her from me, and only your manipulation stopped me from tearing you limb from limb." He struggled, but he was no match for the pure rage of a man with nothing left to lose. I tore his left arm off and tossed it to the side, ignoring the sound of his pained screeches. "But nothing stops me now. I've waited too long for my revenge. No longer." I ground my knee down into his calf, using sheer force to break it from his knee. His right arm hit me in the side of the head, yet I felt no pain. I felt nothing but redemption. Finally, my love for Didyme didn't feel like a padlocked chain of guilt sitting around my neck. Finally, I knew warmth. "The centuries of watching you hide behind the power of others were worth it," I told him, getting a firm grasp on the wrist of his right arm. "Just so I could be the one to kill you." I tossed his arm onto a fire still burning near us. "Just so you could know the fear you made Didyme feel. Just so you could feel a fraction of the endless anguish you subjected me to, and all for your own greed." I kneeled forward, wrapping my hands around his head and pressing into his skull. "What did your greed bring you, Aro?" I ripped his head from his neck and pitched it to the side, praying it would find its way into flames. Exhaustion settled into every pore of my skin. An outpouring of love brought my gaze upward. My power of being able to sense relationships between people had brought me nothing but bitterness after Didyme's death, and yet this was something else - something pure and earnest and true. Something good. I didn't expect to see a Cullen standing before me. "You are the only one left, Marcus," Edward inched closer to me, his face sad. Behind him, the rest of his group were hugging and rejoicing, but his face held no joy. "We will offer you asylum, if you—" "You can read my thoughts, Edward. You know I would not want it." He nodded, his eyes flicking down to the snow between us. "Your Bella loves you with a force I've never seen matched in all my years, you know." That newly-familiar pull of muscle in my cheek told me I was smiling. "Until I saw you with the child today. The love that flows between the three of you is like no other." I watched Edward's face morph into a muted happiness, but it didn't last long. "What will you do?" I laughed, the feel of it so unfamiliar I'd almost forgotten I even knew how. "I'll die, Edward, as I should have done millennia ago. No one is meant to live as long as I have." My eyes drifted back to his Bella, holding their child in her arms. "Not alone, anyway." "I can't kill you like this, Marcus." I shook my head. "I may not believe in heaven, but I know my existence is the worst form of hell. Death would be a kindness, the best blessing you could bestow upon me." He stared into my eyes for long seconds, and then he balled his fists. "It must be me?" "We aren't so different, you and I. Any man can be made into a monster if he has no choice but to be one. Great loss does that to a person, as you well know." Edward stepped closer. "That's why you spoke for me when I came to be killed?" "An eternity without one's mate is not a fate I would wish upon my worst enemy." "And I am your worst enemy?" I closed my eyes. "No, Edward. My own worst enemy has always been myself." I felt his feet brush against my bent knees, his hands coming up to cup my head. "Thank you," I whispered. A loud, metallic screech, a bolt of pain, and I knew nothing but blissful, endless black. Then a whispered, "I've waited for you so long, my love." Didyme. Please let me know what you thought. Thank you for reading! Until next time, xo