alright." The coach blew his whistle once more and explained the game they were about to play to them. She and Chris talked all through the class, in a valiant effort to keep Nessie from looking towards Jacob and Barbie. At the end of the class, while putting away the balls they'd used, he touched her arm. "I was wondering if I could get your number. I'd love to call you sometime, maybe take you out if it's okay with you." She noticed Jacob's glare over the boy's shoulder. If Jacob wasn't going to be with her, she at least deserved to be with someone else, right? Chris was nice enough, and even if she did feel absolutely no attraction to him, she knew it'd be better for her to go out with different boys than to just wait around for Jacob to make up his mind. She smiled, touching his upper arm. "Got your cell on you?" He smiled and went into the pocket of his shorts, pulling out an iPhone. Pulling him close to her, she took a picture of them with the front camera and inserted her contact, attaching the picture. Slipping his phone back into his pocket, she smiled at him again in her best flirtatious grin. "Call me." She whispered, turning away. She caught her Uncle Emmett's face and saw him laughing. He knew what she was up to. Out of the corner of her eye, she caught Jacob as well and noted his furious hands clenched into fists. She noted he wasn't yet shaking and shot him a smile to try to calm him down. You know when you walk into a room full of talkative people, and then they see you and a silence falls over them? You know how at that moment, you know their topic of conversation was you? Well that was what happened, and for the first time in Nessie's life, she felt tinier than the rest of her peers. She grabbed her towel and other shower necessities from her new locker and made her way to the showers. Right after she turned on the water, she heard them start talking again. Standing as close to the curtain as she could, she listened to them gossip. "Wonder what she thinks she's playing at. One man's bed isn't enough? She's gotta be in Chris's too?" Tiffany sneered. Obviously Jacob had turned her down. "She's just another whore, Tiff. You know how to deal with them. Chris is your ex. You lay down the law. They cower away. Don't let her get to you." "It'd be different if she was actually pretty," said Tiffany. "But damn I've seen homeless people more attractive than her." The girls giggled and Nessie leaned against the wall of the shower sadly. She'd seen movies about mean girls in high school, but had never even imagined they were like that in real life. Tears rolled down her cheeks before she could help herself, and she waited until after the bell rang to get out, changing back into her uniform sans blazer, and putting her dirty gym clothes in a bag in her backpack for Esme to wash. She hated school, absolutely hated every part of it. Throwing the bag over her shoulder, she made her way to the car, passing Jacob entirely. He called after her, but she kept going, passing Tiffany and her minions, her parents and her aunts and uncles. She walked until she reached the edge of the woods that stood between the school and their house. As soon as she knew the trees covered her from the inquisitive glares of the other students, she sped to a run. She ran until she was deep in the woods and sat on the nearest log. She didn't know how far away from everyone she was. She couldn't smell or hear anyone within a five mile radius. She hoped she'd gone to Canada. She sat on her log, dirtying her skirt and legs for at least an hour before she started sensing him approaching. "Ness." Jacob whispered, coming out from behind a tree. He'd already phased back and pulled on a pair of shorts. Slowly, he walked towards her, sitting down next to her and pulling her head onto his shoulder. He played with her hair and then kissed it. "What's the matter, Ness?" Almost reluctantly, she placed her hand on his cheek and showed him the scene in the locker room, hiding the fact that she was standing in the shower when she'd heard. That might be a little too embarrassing, especially considering their most recent awkwardness. "Oh, Nessie. You can't think that's true." He whispered, pulling her into his lap like he had when she was younger. "You're beautiful, Ness. How many times a day do I have to tell you that?" She wanted to reply that he must not honestly think that if he were so ready to kick her to the curb, but she didn't want to lose his friendship again, so she decided against it. After a while, she stood, her face free of tears, and she and Jacob started back towards their house. Someone will love me , she promised herself. Be it Chris or Jacob, someone would pay attention to her, hold her hand, kiss her and love her. Just a small town boy and girl Living in the crazy world, Trying to figure out what is and isn't true . And I don't try to hide my tears, My secrets, or my deepest fears. Through it all nobody gets me like you do... I'm only up when you're not down. Don't wanna fly if you're still on the ground. It's like no matter what I do, Well, you drive me crazy half the time. The other half I'm only trying to let you know That what I feel is true. And I'm only me when I'm with you. - "I'm Only Me When I'm With You", Taylor Swift