for supplies alone and Esme was sitting down at the table. Smiling at Alice's expression she explained. "Bella wouldn't let me help." Bella turned and said, "No I won't. You work too hard and you should take a break. You said you wanted spaghetti right?" Esme nodded and after being denied as well Alice sat down too and they began to talk as Bella began cooking. After a few minutes she began looking in the cabinets and pulled out a loaf of French bread asking Esme if she could use it. Esme looked at her questioningly but nodded and Bella smiled before taking out the blender and mixing ingredients together and then rubbed it evenly on the two halves of bread. Sticking in the oven she turned and quickly began finishing the rest of the food occasionally talking to Esme and Alice making them laugh and relax and she smiled at how she felt at home. Edward Edward watched Bella go into the kitchen and smiled at her sweetness only to notice Tanya glaring at him. Shaking his head he turned his attention back to the game only to have Tanya begin to poke him incessantly. After a few minutes Alice said she gave up on the game and was going to help their mother and Bella before leaving the room as well. As soon as she left Tanya gave Edwards's side the hardest poke yet and finally he turned to her frustratedly and ask what her problem was. She pouted angrily before asking if they could talk privately and sighing, he nodded before taking her into the hallway. She instantly began yelling at him and mentally sighing he tried to calm her as best he could. Hearing the blender he cocked his head to the kitchen before Tanya stomped off back into the living room swearing loudly. Rolling his eyes he followed her back into the living room hoping she'd calm down. He soon realized what a feeble hope that was and looked to Emmett for help but realized that wasn't happening either. Sighing he watched the game for a few minutes until he heard Alice's laughter floating in from the kitchen. Walking in, he began laughing too. Bella was sitting on the floor covered in lettuce. Offering his hand he helped her get up and clean the mess before helping bring the food to the table only to look up and see Tanya scowling. Shaking his head he still attempted to be a gentleman by pulling out her chair and she sat down muttering at him under her breath. Letting out a frustrated sigh he sat down and thanked Bella for making dinner. She offered him a small smile before nodding. Seeing her wince he looked at her concerned and watched her face go into complete shock before looking at Tanya who was smiling at her innocently and she thanked her for the meal as well. Bella Did that bitch seriously just kick me under the table? Looking at Tanya she watched as she smiled innocently and thanked her for the meal. Bella glared at her icily for a second before saying it was nothing. Alice immediately noticed Bella's change in demeanor and looked at her questioningly but Bella shook her head. She felt Edward's gaze on her but kept her gaze on her food until she heard Tanya arguing with Edward. Looking up at the rest of the table she noticed they were obviously uncomfortable but didn't know what to do. Finally after she realized no one was listening she stood up and walked out of the room yelling at Edward to follow her. Bella smiled when she realized Edward wasn't budging and after ten minutes of waiting they finally heard her leave slamming the door behind her. No one said anything opting instead to eat in silence and when they were finished Bella walked with Alice up to her room. She could see Bella was still upset about her journal and dinner and felt bad so she tried to distract her by asking about the song again. Bella gave a small smile and began singing what she could remember. Alice nodded in thought. Bella was really good and she hoped that she finished it. She was too good not to. Her songs actually meant something. The lyrics weren't just how she felt, it was how she saw things or wanted to change them. When she sang you could see a transformation in her. She had a lot of heart and even more talent and Alice smiled thinking how far Bella could go. Edward Edward sighed finally making it up to his room. Tanya had been too much today and he was seriously wondering why he was even with her. She'd been accusing him of cheating, of spending too much time with Bella, she would scream at him for no reason, it was ridiculous. He realized with a start that because Tanya had been so anti Bella he'd actually been spending less time with her. Instantly he felt like he was punched in the stomach. Bella was his best friend, he shouldn't be treating her that way. Thinking on it more he resolved that he would stop giving in to Tanya's demands and start doing the things that made him happy too. If she really cared about him she needed to realize that Bella was a big part of his life and he wasn't going to give her up. She knew that he'd had a crush on her in the past but he was with her know and he really wished she'd just grow up and stop being jealous for no reason. Feeling his eyes begin to close he looked at the clock before shaking his head and rolling over. The last thought he had before he fell asleep was that he would read more of the journal tomorrow. thanks for sticking with me and I hope you like the new direction the story is going in.