of the most attractive people I had ever seen in real life but one of the fiercest looking as well. I wasn't going to even bother to introduce myself to him, in fact I was going to do my best to stay away from him. He was the epitome of tall dark and handsome, with the same black hair and eyes as most of the inhabitants of the rez; but there was something more to him. His jaw was perfectly angular yet masculine set off by a long straight nose and almond eyes that glittered in the darkness. I found myself staring at him longer than I should have. I know Gwen wanted me to "analyze him" but I felt like someone's birthday party was not the place. I watched as he grabbed a beer out of the cooler and then asked to speak with Embry inside. I assumed he was going to apologize for biting him the night before. A little while later I was slightly tipsy from the copious amounts of wine I was drinking and walked inside to use the bathroom. As I exited I could hear shouting coming from one of the bedrooms. "You should have told her to keep her fucking mouth shut Embry! Now some random cunt with no ties to us at all knows all our fucking secrets!" Were they talking about Gwen and me? Did he just call me a cunt? I hoped Embry wouldn't let someone talk about Gwen like that. I hid just outside the room listening behind the open door. "Lay off Paul." Embry said exasperatedly "Eva is Gwen's sister, so she does have ties to us and she isn't going to tell anyone." So they were definitely talking about me. I wondered if I should make my presence known or eavesdrop a little longer? Eavesdrop clearly. "I don't know why everyone is all up her ass, she can't be that great if her fiancé was fucking someone else." Paul said with venom in his voice. That was just unnecessary, there was no need to bring up my terrible love life. This guy was an asshole, and I wasn't sure why me knowing about the wolves was such a big deal to him, no one else seemed to care. I was in a vulnerable point in my life and it did not feel good to have some dude that I never even met talking mad shit about me. I knew why I had decided to stay away from Paul. "She's nice Paul, and Gwen loves her, so if you fuck with Eva and hurt my imprint, we are going to have some real fuckin problems." Embry threatened. I had a new liking for Embry. Of course he was only defending me because of Gwen but he was still defending me; that counted for something. " Just make sure she doesn't say anything about us." Paul said poking his finger into Embry's chest. Embry knocked his hand a way. "I told she's not going to say anything. For fuck's sake, what is your problem?" "It's a secret for a reason Embry. I want her off the Rez as soon as possible, she's a risk." Paul growled. I could see Embry roll his eyes from were I was standing behind the bathroom door. "A risk to who?" Embry asked skeptically. "Half the tribe is in on the secret and everyone else would just think she's insane if she stated saying we turned into wolves. She's not a risk Paul and she can stay here long as she wants, I'm not telling her to leave" "Then I'll tell the stupid bitch myself" He said and turned to storm out of the room but I stepped into the doorway blocking his path. I was not going to be treated like a little bitch, and I certainly wasn't going to take this laying down. "Eva" Embry gasped. Paul locked his eyes with mine for a moment, at first they were burning bright with anger but then I watched as it all melted away. He stood there stunned for a moment and then looked really relieved as he leaned forward and inhaled deeply. Was he smelling me? What a fucking nutjob. Once I composed myself and stopped worrying about what a weirdo he was I began to tell him off. "Don't worry you made yourself very clear just now." I shouted. His facial expression didn't change. "You don't want me here I get it. But Gwen is my sister and I have every right to be here with her, so you're stuck with me, deal with it bitch." I said and pushed him on the shoulder, although he didn't move even a centimeter. "Eva, don't" Embry warned stepping forward to block me from Paul. I knew pushing him was probably a stupid thing to do but I couldn't help it, my south Chicago side came out when I got angry. I expected Paul to yell, hit me, phase, or all three but he didn't, he didn't do anything but gawk at me. Embry and I were both staring at him waiting for him to do something. Finally, he simply laughed to himself and bit his lip as he studied me. I searched his eyes for some kind of indication of violence but there wasn't even a hint of it. But that couldn't be right; he was ready to kick me of the rez just minutes before. I grew a little worried that this was a moment of calm before the storm, but the only thing he did was continue to rake over my body and face like he was memorizing it. "Shit" he said shaking his head as he gently pushed me aside and left the room. I looked at Embry confused and he looked back at me mirroring my expression. Then some sort of realization must have him "Oh Jesus" he murmured and then also left the room. What the hell was going on?