my mother and I used to stay in here when he visited. It was rather small but its coloring brought about a light that seemed unfamiliar to the rest of Forks. Pressed against the wall was a single bed encased in a white duvet. It had been positioned it in a certain way so it rested against the window. In that way, when I woke up all I had to do was turn my head and see the town wake up with me. Woven into the fabric of the duvet where small pastel colored flowers that captured a delicate beauty. Other than the bed, there was an antique white desk situated opposite the window that faced the front yard, which was already covered in boxes of books that had been shipped over. Upon its white surface also sat a small vase of pink tulips and a messy bundle of white phone cords. Across from my bed was a large white bookcase that had four shelves for my books and ornaments. Slipping my black converse off, I buried my toes in the plush cream carpet and spun around on the balls of my feet to face Charlie. With a gentle smile I looked at him as he leaned awkwardly against the doorframe, his arms crossed and body tense. "I love it!" I told him happily. "I'm glad you like it," Charlie replied in a gruff manner and I knew from experience that he was embarrassed by my thanks. I smiled in response and we stood there for a while, trapped in an uncomfortable silence. My fingers played with the hem of my skirt as I waited out the silence until he eventually left, closing the door with a soft click. With Charlie now gone, I made my way over to my suitcase and knelt down on the carpet to unpack my things. I first took out my shoes followed by my clothes and violin music books. My violin was still downstairs, so after I had emptied the contents of my suitcase and the boxes I made my way downstairs to retrieve it. As expected, my violin was leaning against the front door, its case cold and sweaty. Heaving it up the stairs, I walked past Bella's room, which faced the backyard. Her door was ajar and clothes scattered the floor of her room. After placing my violin in my room, I wondered back to my cousin's room and gave a light tap on her door. Startling her, she whirled around and stumbled over a box on the floor. I ran to her and caught her arm to stop her from falling. I offered her a small smile as she collected herself. Now that Charlie was gone I could see how she really felt and that was not happy. Her features were pulled down in a nervous grimace and her eyes looked sad and lost. "Do you want to talk about it?" I asked softly. She shrugged before answering, "I'm just nervous for tomorrow, I guess." With that emotionless response she turned from me and sat down on her bed in an ungraceful manner. My arms wrapped around myself and I knelt down in front of my younger cousin, taking her shaking hands into mine. I gazed up into her eyes with hope and squeezed her hands. "I just have a bad feeling about tomorrow." She mumbled, looking down at our hands. From the emails and phone calls that Bella and I exchanged, I knew she had never fit it. She was always on the outside and often struggled to relate to anyone who approached her. I gave Bella the best smile I could. For some reason I had always felt that I had to protect her, even when I was half way across the world. She was the younger one, the baby of our small family, and always stumbling over things and getting hurt. I knew I had to be strong for her but as I looked up into her small chocolate brown eyes her sadness remind me of my own. The truth was, despite being excited for a new adventure I was frightened for tomorrow and still grieving over leaving India and my mama's death. "Do you like it here?" She asked me as she looked towards the rain-streaked window. "Do you…want to go back to India?" "I do miss India but…but I also think I'll like it here and in time you will too." I told her with a smile, "all you need to do is smile and soon that external happiness will become internal." I told her with hope glazing my words as I tried to convince myself of them too. "Always the optimist." She said amused and I got to my feet to give her an encouraging hug. "Always and forever." I whispered in her hair and rubbed her back in a soothing gesture. "Just, have faith and enjoy the surprises." I pulled back to examine her, happily seeing that she had cheered up. "I'll be in my room if you need me." I told her and gave her hand one final squeeze before making my way to the door. "Willa?" I twirled around at the threshold to see her now standing. "Yes?" I asked and tilted my head to the side like a small bird. "Thank you." Her voice was gentle and sweet. "I've really…really missed you." "Me too." I replied and turned to leave with a smile on my face yet fear caging my heart. "Hush now." I whispered to myself as I walked to my room. "Everything will be alright, everything will be alright." And once I entered the safety of my room, I closed the door and slide down it's smooth surface – my body landing with a heavy thump. I then brought my knees up to my chest and pressed my cheek against my kneecap as I rocked back and forth, back and forth. "Everything will be alright, everything will be alright."