cycle better than I did. It was survival for him. Knowing when I would PMS allowed him to bring me chocolate and stay out of the way. He knew I got the shot and we had gone together to get tested less than six months ago. We were good to go. He grabbed his cock and rubbed the head up and down my opening, spreading my wetness and his pre-come around so that everything was slippery and wet. "I've been waiting for this for a long fucking time," Edward murmured. "I know," was all I could say. Why was it so hard for me to admit, even to myself, that I had wanted him, too? He slid into me slowly. It hurt a little and I had to close my eyes. Edward must have been holding his breath because all of the sudden he let it all out across my face. The invisible line had officially disintegrated. "Holy fuck, Bella. You weren't kidding," he gasped. "I'm not even halfway in and I'm about to fucking blow." Not even halfway in? Was he kidding? I looked down to where we were joined and sure enough a large portion of his cock was still outside of my body. I couldn't help but watch as he continued to push forward ever so delicately. I'd certainly never seen his dick like this before. It was quite fascinating. "Like a band-aid, Edward," I encouraged. The slow pace was just making the torture that much worse. "I don't want to hurt you. You're so fucking tight. I'm beginning to believe in the born again bullshit." I giggled. That was fucking funny. "It hurts now. The sooner you get in there, the faster the pain will go away. Then you can start rocking my world." Edward snorted and lowered his head. "It would figure you can't even keep your smart mouth out of our lovemaking." Lovemaking? Is that what we were doing? I loved him, he loved me. Yeah, I suppose that is what we were doing. Not in the traditional sense, but whatever. "Just shut up and fuck me." "I love your sweet words, baby. Are you ready?" I nodded. He thrust his hips forward and I thought that maybe I was being ripped in half, but only for a minute. As my cooch adjusted to the invasion, the slight burning disappeared and I found that I needed him to start moving. With one look, he understood. He began thrusting, slowly, making sure that I felt every inch, but soon he was speeding up. He put just enough weight on me that his pelvis was resting on my very swollen, very needy clit. With every thrust and rock, push and pull, my sensitive flesh squealed in pleasure. I was sure that I sounded like a wild animal, but I just couldn't bring myself to give a shit. The pressure was building and building, like a shaken can of soda about to be popped. "Tell me you're mine," he growled, pumping into me wildly. "Tell me you've always been fucking mine." "Always," I whimpered. "Always yours." "Show me," he demanded. "Come on my cock and fucking show me." He changed his angle just slightly and I was done for. I grabbed his pillow and bit into it to cover my screams. Not that I really needed to. I was pretty sure that our neighbors, who were newlyweds, couldn't care less how loud we were. At the same time, I also couldn't be sure that they wouldn't send the cops thinking I was being murdered. It was a good precaution to take. I could feel my pussy contracting around him and moments later Edward spilled into me with a deep, throaty cry. He rolled over, taking me with him without pulling out. Our bodies were covered with a thin sheen of sweat. I could smell the whiskey again, this time seeping from his pores. I pushed away from him abruptly and he hissed as his dick slid from me, dripping come all over my leg and his sheets. "You are drunk!" I accused incredulously. "I'm not," he chuckled. "I can fucking smell it." "All I can smell is our sex," he smiled lazily. "I had a couple of drinks, baby. I'm a big boy, I can handle my liquor." "Fuck," I moaned, the guilt finally seeping through. "Don't," he said sharply, leaning over me and shoving me back to the mattress. "Don't what?" "I know exactly what I'm doing, Bella, and so do you. Don't try to find reasons to regret it." He kissed me softly, licking my bottom lip, and then sucking it into his mouth. Maybe he was right. "Let me make you feel good." "You just did." "Let me make you feel even better." "I don't think that's possible," I said, finally relaxing a little. "You wouldn't believe what's possible," he smiled wickedly. "I've been saving up for you." "Oh, uh, um...oh, God..." ~TIL~ "Oohhhh," I groaned as I shifted from my stomach to my side. The muscles in my arms and legs were aching, but nothing was as painful as the throb between my legs. It took me all of 3.2 seconds to remember exactly why my most intimate of intimates was suffering. "Motherfucker," I whispered to myself. "Isn't it a little early for you to be calling me names?" Edward asked from beside me. "It's never too early for that," I sighed, turning to face him. "Of course, I should have known," he mumbled, stretching his arms above his head. "So, Bella, not that I'm complaining, but what the hell are you doing in my bed?" I gaped at him for a moment. He looked dead serious, but the twinkle in his eye as he reached out and pulled my naked body to his told me he was messing with me. "Fuck you," I barked half-heartedly. His chest, which my cheek was now resting against, vibrated with his laughter. "Yeah. Fuck me, indeed."