something the fox would never be able to do. One day the fox asked the female eagle why she didn't try to run like he did, telling her that because she was an eagle and he was a fox should make no difference. He knew she lacked the four legs required to run, but thought it would make him feel better to see her fail at something he could do so well. "The female eagle tried to run and failed, crying woefully and bringing her mate to her side instantly. "' What have you done to her?' he demanded of the fox, his talons flexing in anger. "' Nothing,' wailed the female eagle. 'The fox has done nothing to me except show me what I am missing by having wings and not four feet.' "' You hurt yourself trying to live in a world that is unlike your own,' the male eagle admonished his mate. 'We are together and happy without this fox to tell you otherwise and while I have said nothing of your wish to be his friend, you cannot be a fox.' "The male eagle took his mate back to their nest, telling her how much he loved her and how much she meant to him, but the female was not to be consoled. She wanted the one thing the male could not give her and nothing would ever change that, no matter what he did or said. "' Mate, please let me live with the fox. If I stay on the ground like him perhaps I will eventually learn how to run and be happy.' "Angrily, the male eagle dismissed his mate when she refused to listen to reason. 'You cannot change what you are. You cannot go back to be born something else and I am upset that you cannot see this. You are forbidden to see the fox ever again!' Not wanting to hurt his mate, the male eagle flew away, soaring out of range from their home for many days to think about how he could better help her accept what she was and meant to him." "Why?" Bella whispered, failing to understand the bleakness in Jacob's voice as she interrupted his tale. "Why couldn't he just leave her and find a mate more worthy rather than try to fix the one who wanted more?" Jacob tensed, his fingers caressing the skin around her throat gently, both hands cupping the slender area. "Because, the male eagle loved his mate more than anyone else could and knew if she went to be with the fox, he wouldn't make her into something better, but into something unnatural." "Jake?" Bella's own hands began to hover where Jake's where pressed tightly against the tendons in her neck, thumbs beginning to dig into her wind pipe. "I can't do it, Bella. I can't leave you and I'll never stop loving you," Jacob explained, his eyes trained on her lips as he resumed the tale. "When the male eagle finally returned it was to be greeted with the same sight he had left. His mate, her wings and feathers still an impressive sight to behold, had withered away. When she took short flights to stretch or peck at fish to eat, her wings no longer beat at the air with grace and happiness." The rapid beating that Jacob could hear was not that of an eagle's wings. In his mind, the legendary eagle began to slow. The wind current it had been riding dissipated and the eagle fell. "There was nothing the male eagle could do to help his mate see what it meant to be an eagle," Jake whispered, still lost in the fable. "He had searched far and wide and none of the creatures he had met could help. "' Please ,' the female begged again. ' Please let me stay with fox and try to be like him .' "It was then when the male eagle realized his love would never be enough for her. The fox didn't love the female eagle either; he just wanted a companion that would make him feel better about himself at the expense of her weakness." The words jolted Jacob out of his trance, his eyes immediately seeking the ashen and closed lids of Bella's. "I will always love you, Bella, but I will not stand by and let the fox make you into something you're not supposed to be." With infinite care, he cradled her gently as he walked through the rugged landscape towards one of the larger waterfalls that fed the river below, the short distance giving him enough time to complete the tale. "The male eagle listened closely as his mate pleaded with him. She was always meant to be his mate and while she had tried in the beginning, she had been introduced to a poisonous thought he could not cure. He returned her to the fox, watching from the sky as she continued to fail at running. The male eagle tried not to screech in protest when the fox helped her cut off her wings in the hopes that she would be able to run better without them. Nothing worked and the female eagle became even more despondent than before upon realizing the without four legs and without wings she could not return the live she had before. "Despite all of her foolishness, the male eagle still loved her, although he could not take her back without her wings. He still sat and watched when the fox grew weary of the female eagle's woeful cries, reverting to his true nature and killing the female eagle who was unable to escape into the sky." "I didn't want to be the fox," Jacob murmured to the cold and silent body cradled in his arms. With a final chaste kiss to her lips, he stretched his arms outwards to release her, whispering, "Like the male eagle, though, I will always love you as you were meant to be."