the reassurance that he was loved and someone to tell him that this was all for something. He needed someone to touch his cheek and tell him how much he was wanted. And oh how she loved him. "I have," Esme smiled, "Though my daughter Alice says it is too old for me. I have old-fashioned tastes." Carlisle's laughter rang through the house then and she realised he was nearer. "Would you like to meet your daughter's future father in law?" She asked as her husband came onto the terrace, "He is evidently distracted from his work." Renee smiled and nodded. His had, gripping hard on her shoulder, was all that she needed to know he understood fully. 000000 In her marriage to Carlisle she had learned intimately about the concept of alternatives. The alternatives that presented themselves in every facet of life. Alternatives to natural motherhood in the coven she called her children, the other offers presented by this immortality, the alternatives to human behaviour. Alternatives were everything in their lives. She had come to understand the alternatives to sating all types of appetites; physical or emotional. Her husband made love to her as if he were praying, sating an appetite that would most likely never be diminished. At times it was almost too much to bear in all its glory and reverence. It had been borne from his shyness and her fear at first but now it was serene in its passion and worship. Even when it was quick and dark and feral it never lost its reverence. Watching the crashing bolts of lightening and the grumble of thunder, he lay with his head on her pale abdomen as the storm wrecked the sky, both of them attempting to calm their breathing. He had run home from work during his rest period. He required no rest anyway but he slipped into the rest room and pretended he was asleep to allay the already vociferous suspicions. He had not done this in the longest time, so to feel him crawl in beside her as she was in her half-dream had been a pleasant surprise. To feel his hands on her was even more so. He had not uttered a word, the only noise throughout had been the groan of his release and the depth of his breathing, mingling with the gasps of her pleasure. "What a pleasant surprise Doctor Cullen," she finally whispered, "Though I was under the impression that you were rather busy at the hospital." "They make me rest," he muttered, trailing his fingers across her ribs, "It is a frightful waste of time." "We have to keep up the pretence,"she laughed and she loved his smile when he heard her laugh so freely. "I could not stop thinking about you Esme," he said, the entire timbre of his voice changing, altering the tone of their union with it, "I was operating and I could not concentrate as well as I normally do. It made me uneasy." She misunderstood him and felt a blush that could never show on her skin gathering in her chest. "Not like that," he said softly, gentle reassurance lacing his voice as he caught her look of shame, "No, darling. Though I am not above such thoughts I assure you. No, I could not stop thinking about your conversation with Renee." "Carlisle," she threaded her fingers through his hair soothingly, "You are not angry that I did not share my sadness with you?" "No my darling, only sad that you feel so bereft," he answered after a beat. She loved him then, so deeply. Carlisle felt others pain like no other she had ever known, human or otherwise. He couldn't bear to see those he didn't know in pain, so she could only imagine what it must feel like to see those he loved hurt or aching. His compassion came from his desperate desire to make all around him happy and at peace. Really, he had chosen a motley crew of ruined humans if that had been his goal. It was unattainable and she secretly though that, perhaps, that was why he had chosen them. "You are so naturally maternal," he whispered, rolling onto his back, "That I forget it must come with a painful side. You are so very good at being their mother that we are all inclined to forget you give a lot of yourself to it also." She nodded in agreement with his assessment and felt her throat tighten at his words, "It seems so very much like the death of something." He laughed at the irony and she joined in, despite the fact that is seemed a little callous. They laughed in the face of something they desired very much but never attained. Death was alien to them, so to feel its presence was disconcerting. "It is not death Esme," he whispered and she noted that he checked his watch as he did so, "It is the beginning of a new life and the welcoming of a new daughter." His rest should be over soon and how terrible it would feel to have his warmth leave her. She bit her tongue against the protestation that rose in her throat because it was incredibly unfair of her to expect any less of him. Carlisle thrived when he helped others and they had eternity before them; those humans had nothing in comparison. "You are a wonderful mother," he whispered softly, reaching for the pants that he had left rumpled at the foot of their bed, "You must know." She couldn't answer as he pressed his cool lips to her head. She hadn't realised, when welcoming her sons and daughters into her heart as much as she would have with any child she had made, it would hurt just as badly when she had to watch them go. Thank you for reading. Please leave a review because I'd be interested to hear your critique of my character interpretation. Thank you.