answer. "I'm able to control my urges, but I am very thirsty, and you do smell incredible. Just so you know," I tease him. "I do?" he asks, surprised. "Mm hmm," I confirm. "Like honey and lilac—sweet and fragrant." Edward's brow furrows. "It's really strange having someone tell you what flavor you are. Everyone's different?" "If you take the care to notice, then yes. You can taste the differences between people." What a weird conversation to have with a human. "So you kill people?" he asks, already knowing the answer. "It's the only way I can survive. Does it bother you?" I wonder how forgiving he is. "Yes," he admits. However, the fact that he's still holding my hand doesn't go unnoticed. "But I'm more bothered by the fact that you have to. It pains me to know that you had to deal with everything alone—figuring out what you were. You must have been so scared." How sweet is he? "It was scary at first, but I learned quickly. I didn't know of any other type of life to compare it to, so I didn't know what I was missing." I'm not particularly thrilled with my existence, but I don't want to him to feel bad. "And do you know now?" "I have a good idea." Edward's grip on my hand loosens enough to move down to my fingers. He watches as he plays with them, and I delight in his warm touch, but I don't tell him. "You feel so different," he observes. "I am different." "I guess so. It's strange, though, because even with how different you are, I can still feel that it's your hand I'm touching." I scoff at that. My hand feels nothing like that of a human's. "I doubt that." And I burst his bubble. Again. Why do I keep doing that? "You don't believe me?" he asks, and I shake my head. "Bella, I know you don't remember, but believe me when I say that I have spent countless hours memorizing everything about your body." I have no words to respond to that, but, internally, I want to fist pump. He moves slightly closer to me. "I could never mistake the feeling of your hands on my skin...the feather-light touches across my body. Not to say that you never got aggressive," he says with a smirk. He's getting a bit too intense for me, but who am I to stop him? He obviously needs to get this all out as some form of healing. I'm not letting it go on because it's very exciting to hear him speak to me this way. Nope. Not at all. He moves closer still. "I could never forget the shape of your cheek from the countless times I cradled your face in my hands. So soft, smooth, and perfect. You still look like porcelain. You have the softest hair I think anyone could ever have. The way it so easily fell through my fingers when I ran my hands through it was mesmerizing." He reaches his hand out, as if to demonstrate. When his fingertips reach my hair, my eyes intently follow the view of his wrist coming closer to my face. Edward realizes his blunder when he notices my expression, which could only be described as animalistic longing. I hear the increase in the rate of his heartbeat as he pulls his hand away. He ignores the situation and continues on as if nothing has happened. "And I'd be a damn fool if I ever forgot the shape of your lips and how they felt against mine. There is nothing in this world that feels more right—more complete—than your kiss. Nothing." I suddenly want to know what he knows and feel what he feels. I want to have the memories of what we shared burned in my mind the way they're burned in his. I want it so badly. I wonder if he can refresh my memory. As if reading my mind, he reaches for me again—this time cupping my neck and keeping the veins of his wrist under my chin. I try not to think about the pulse that is so close to my face. It's actually fairly easy, since there is something I want more. His hand reaches further back until his fingers are buried in my hair and he's pulling me closer. He doesn't close his eyes. He's watching me carefully, probably scared that I could disappear from him at any moment. His breathing is labored, and he's so close. I see his throat coming at me, but I try to ignore it. Can I kiss him without killing him? Can I put my mouth on him without giving in to the desire to bite? I doubt that I can, but I am going to try. And, if I fail…well, I don't even want to think about that. The distance between us is about to be closed—I can almost taste him now. Suddenly, a loud, raucous pounding at the door makes Edward jump back three feet with a startled curse falling from his lips. I sigh. It's probably better this way. "Edward, why the fuck is the door locked? I have your liquor, asshole. Let me in!" Emmett yells from outside. Edward catches his breath and apologizes. "Sorry, that's my brother, Emmett." "He sounds nice," I offer, causing Edward to laugh. "Yeah, he's a real gentleman, that one. I should probably let him in." "Edward, seriously! You called me, remember?" Emmett continues. Edward pleads with his eyes. "I don't want you to go." I don't want to go either...now that I've found myself...found him. I don't want to be alone anymore, and there are still so many unanswered questions. Edward knows the answers to all of them, but more importantly, he is the answer to most of them. My instincts tell me to stay with him, to trust him. So that is what I do. "Edward, how good is Emmett at keeping secrets?"