Then, I returned my hands back behind me, as if they were still tied. No one noticed me at all. "She is not the right fit for you Michael. Humans never make good guests, or pets," the man, whom Michael referred to as Bates, replied back. In the lull of tense silence that descended after his comment, there was a faint scraping sound, and the smell of fresh blood. My guess, was that Blake was trying to break free, or resisting the act of Bates restraining him. "I don't want her for a pet, I want her for a toy. Perhaps a wife," Michael added in at the last second, and I didn't need to use my eyes to tell he directed it at Blake. "What do you think Alec?" Michael asked. His footsteps sounded loudly at first, and gradually softened as he walked away from me. Whatever time line I had been trying to figure out before, was now escalated, especially as Michael continued taunting. "How long have you been sneaking off here Alec? What if the PD knew about your extra curriculars, they wouldn't be too happy about their newest born princeling romping off with human women? Diluting their gene pool wouldn't be so easily accepted, even with your considerable charm. But you're in luck buddy, because I'm going to take care of this problem for you. She's coming with me." This time, the smell of blood combined with an audible yanking of restraints, and it was enough information to make a call. As I stood, my left hand pulled back my blindfold, and my right threw the knife in my hand. It sailed through the air, hitting Michael in the back of his head with an impressive degree of accuracy. He dropped quickly at Blake's feet, drawing the attention of Bates, who was on his phone near the front barn doors. "Behind you," I called out, alerting Blake to Bates, who was staring intently at me under a narrow gaze. It sent a wave of cold fear straight through me. My weapon stash was gone now, and though I wasn't without any talents, they wouldn't hold up for long with an alpha of unknown origin. The few times in life that I had been subjected to a test of my skill and strength, Amos had always been there as well. Blake didn't appear to be a threat to me, for now, but that was a certainty that I wasn't sure I could afford. Bates had abandoned his phone call, and was now stalking his way towards Blake, who was vigorously trying to abandon his tie downs. Somehow, it didn't seem to be working, no matter how hard he was working at it. Someone in the party had to had some magical knowledge, or Blake would have shredded those ropes during this struggle. He was a monster of a man, with muscles so large and well formed he resembled a marbled statue. Time had slowed during Bates' prowl, as most pivotal moments in life can seem. Amos' voice in my head was spurring me on to run; to duck through the back door, head into the safety of the house, and prepare myself. But I couldn't, wouldn't, and that was something I knew already. I could have slipped out by now, but instead I was rooted to the spot, stuck staring at what was going on with the wide eyes of someone struck with an intangible fear. Where that fear originated, I was still unclear. "No," Blake hissed, most likely noticing the decision for action in my eyes. After a quick study, the area around me didn't yield any viable options in terms of a weapon, and the only one that was anywhere near me, was lodged in Michael. The blow I sent him didn't kill him, his inner energy would heal the wound by morning, but he was safe for now. My feet took me quickly, quicker than it seemed in the moment, and I slid into Michael's body with all the excited fervor of a professional baseball player. My hand jerked the knife out of Michael's neck, and in one careful yet rushed movement, I sliced through the bindings on Blake's feet. By the time I stood to get at his left hand, Bates slammed into me. We flew, with his body on mine, several feet back until we skidded to a stop by a pile of pottery shards. They cut into the back of my shoulders, leaving a hot trail of fresh blood and pain behind them. The back of my head was also cut, and my ears were ringing so loudly I almost couldn't hear his words. "Aren't you just full of surprises," Bates hissed out. There wan't a part of his body that wasn't touching my own, and he made no move in order to put some space between us. I turned my face from his, and refused to acknowledge his statement. Or any further ones, as he preceded to taunt me with insults. "Get off of her. She isn't the one you came for, and you can hardly blame her reaction to your clan mates. Even a human can smell the stink of inbreeding and malicious intent. That's without the mention that a girl managed to subdue Michael, and almost release me." If misdirection was his aim, the blow struck true. Bates turned his body, so he was half on me and half sitting up to face Blake. It freed up my arms nicely. "Michael has always had peculiar tastes. His fascination with this little girl was easily explainable as part of his derangement, but now that you seem to have taken such an interest in her I am considering that there may be more to her. As you say," Bates continued, looking at me again before continuing, "she has more ability than most her species." "Yes I do," I agreed as I ran a broken shard of glass across his throat.