feel comfortable wearing. Shopping with her turned out be a lot of fun. As we returned back to the castle Aro was waiting for us, the look on his face one of glee. I knew he was just waiting to see if I had truly spent the money on myself. He hugged me to him as I got out of the car and after a passionate kiss he released me. "Did you enjoy yourself stella?" He smirked a little and I knew he was teasing me. "I did indeed, Heidi showed me some amazing stores and I bought the most stunning evening gown and an amazing purse. Oh and yes I spent an ungodly amount of money with the credit card you gave me." His eyes twinkled as I spoke the last sentence and I could hear Caius chuckle as he came up behind Aro. "Have you finally gotten her to spend your money Aro? That took you long enough, I was starting to think she would never wear other clothes than these." I glared at him and he simply chuckled again. "It's true Bella and you know it." I simply walked away with Aro toward our room, ready to show him just what I had all bought. He soon became agitated by the slow pace and picked me up and raced me to our quarters. I chuckled at his eagerness and he simply glared at me. "You do know I left my purchases in the garage right?" The look on his face was hilarious as he dropped me and ran back to the garage. Heidi caught up to me with a secretive smile. "I told you it would work, didn't I?" She looked smug about it but she was right, he was more than a little excited about what I had bought. He appeared next to Heidi again, laden with my bags and scooped me up again. We were off again and I could hear Heidi's tinkling laugh as she waved us off. "What would work mia stella? Getting me worked up with new, revealing clothes?" He pressed his leg between mine, creating the most delicious friction. He kept on teasing me, his hands were everywhere and I couldn't contain my moans of pleasure. "Perhaps I should punish you? Leave you now without relieve? But that would be too cruel, after all, I want the same thing. Maybe I should relieve both of us then stella?" "I can promise you that if you don't I will find someone willing so yes that would be your best option." He chuckled and kissed me again. His tongue swept across my lips and I gave him entrance, reveling in the feeling of his cool tongue against mine. In a flash we were on the bed with me astride on his lap, almost exactly like the first time we kissed. Soon enough my shirt was gone as well as his, mine now lying on the ground in tatters. I was trying to get his pants off when he flipped me over and settled between my legs. He kicked his trousers off, dragging mine down as well. As he settled back between my legs the friction of his length against my center caused me to moan out. Aro started kissing his way down my neck, paying attention to my sweet spots, chuckling every time I cried out in pleasure. His hands were busy as well as they shredded both my bra and panties. His cool fingers rubbed my arousal around and one of his fingers slipped inside me. I gasped out and he caught my lips with his again. I could feel his grin against my lips. He lined himself up with my entrance and with one last nod from me he pushed in. It was slightly uncomfortable at first because of his size but as he started moving in and out the pleasure overtook. As I almost reached my peak Aro flicked his fingers over my clit and I came with a scream of his name. Aro followed me and yelled out my name. "That was amazing." Aro had rolled me over so I was lying on his chest now. "It was indeed, why did we wait so long?" "Something weird about dating and stuff." "I know this may be a bit early but would you do me the honour of becoming my wife and queen?" He pulled a tiny box from somewhere and I couldn't help but choke up. He opened the box to reveal a beautiful engagement ring. It contained a deep blue sapphire that was surrounded by smaller diamonds. "So what do you say mia stella? Will you marry me?" "Yes, of course. It might be soon but we are going to be together forever anyway." He took the ring and placed it on my finger, it was a perfect fit. He kissed me again and soon enough we were 'celebrating' our engagement. We finally got out of bed after two days of near constant love making, only stopping so I could sleep. Now we would be facing the music, so to speak. Aro had talked about proposing to me with his brothers so they knew what was coming but the rest was unaware. Everyone looked our way as we entered and with the biggest grin on his face Aro simply said 'she said yes!'. The girls surrounded me with a bunch of high pitched squeals, all of them milling around my hand to see the ring. They admired it for what seemed like at least five minutes and then they were pushed to the side by Marcus and Caius. "Let us congratulate our sister as well now girls. After all, she will be with us for eternity." They laughed and stepped aside so they could hug me. Both whispering another round of congratulations in my ear. My life had taken a turn for the better when I met Aro, I had gotten lost in history in a good way.