it?" "It's uh, Bella. Bella Swan." The other person laughed. "I know who you are Bella. It's Sam, let me just get Em for you." I could hear him as he called for his imprint. Other voices were in the back ground, god was he there right now. I hoped not, if he was he would know I had phoned her. He would hear what we were about to discuss. "Hey Bella, everything ok?" Emily's voice cut off my trail of thought. "Oh, hey Emily," I had to think fast. I had to get her away to speak to her privately. "Sure sure. I um... I just wondered if you had any plans for tomorrow?" "No why?" I could heard the confusion in her voice. "I was just wondering, if you fancied coming with me to Port Angeles. I need to pick a few things up, I don't really want to go on my own and it's been ages since we spent any time together, but if you have plans then I understand," I rushed out all in one breath. Emily laughed softly. "No Bella, I don't have any plans and sure I'd love to come, gives me a chance to grab some stuff as well. Hang on a sec Bella." She was speaking to someone. "Sam, come on I'll be fine," I heard her say. "What! No, I don't need one of the pack to come with me." Oh god. No, no. Please no. I silently begged. "Sam no! I'll be fine. I swear too god, if you dare I'll go on strike and refuse to cook for a month," she shouted. "Good, I'm glad you see it my way." "Sorry about that Bella, just Sam being, well Sam," Emily laughed. "That's fine, so can you come? Sam doesn't mind does he?" "No, but if it was up to him I'd have an escort..." someone shouted in the background. "Sorry, we would have an escort," I could imagine her rolling her eyes at this precise moment. I tried to laugh. I really did, but I couldn't. It was stuck, lodged in my throat threatening to turn into a scream. So I swallowed it back down. Beating it away. "So is 11, ok for you Bella?" Emily's voice pulled me from my thoughts. "Sam said he'd drop me off at yours." "Oh, yeah that's perfect Emily." "Good, well I'll see you in the morning." "Ok. Night Em." "Night sweetie." I hung the phone back on the base, resting my head on the wall next too it. Was it him who offered to escort us. God, what if Emily had agreed, would he have been there tomorrow, watching me, touching me. Tears welled in my eyes before falling down my cheeks. Fuck, I was such a mess. I wiped my face clean before walking to the door and locking it. I peeked through the glass scanning the front yard but couldn't see anything out of place. Ok, I needed to get a grip. I checked the time 7pm Charlie wouldn't be home until 9, so I had enough time to make dinner. Even though I wasn't hungry myself. I knew he would be. Pulling everything out, I decided to make chilli. It was easy to make plus Charlie liked my version not too hot, nice and mild easier for his stomach to handle. I began chopping everything up when the house phone rang. Wiping my hands, I answered the phone. "Hello?" I asked cautiously. "Hey Bells." "Jake," I caught the sob in my throat before it broke free. "So, a little wolf told me you're going to Port Angeles with Emily tomorrow. Not good enough to ask am I Bells?" He teased. "What, no of course you are Jake. It's just I haven't spent any time with Emily lately and I thought it would be nice for us to catch up," I rushed out. My fingers twisting in the cord. A few beats of silence passed before Jake spoke. "You ok Bells?" Please don't ask me that Jake, please. I silently begged. "Yeah of course," I replied cheerily, well as cheery as possible for someone who wants too scream down the phone that I am far from all right. That I'm so scared. So fucking scared, of one of his pack brothers. "You sure?" Damn it Jake, just drop it. I mentally begged of him. "Yeah Jake, honest." "Ok honey, you just seem a little." "A little what?" I asked too quickly. "Off. You seem a little off," he sighed. "No, I'm fine, really. Just tired I guess, going to get an early night." "Make sure you do Bells." "I will. Promise." "Good, oh and Bells we're having a bonfire tomorrow. Why don't you come. You have to drop Emily back so you may as well stay." Oh fuck. "I don't know Jake. I'll see, ok." "Come on Bellaaa," he wined. "I haven't seen you in forever." I laughed then, "Jake! You seen me the day before yesterday." "Yeah, like I said forever." "You're such a dork." He laughed. "So, I'll see you tomorrow Bells, yeah?" "Yeah, I suppose so." "Awesome, night Bells," "Night Jake." "Night Bella," I heard someone shout in the background. I quickly hung up the phone. It was him, I'd know his voice anywhere. God, what was I going to do. I took a few calming breaths. Emily. I would speak to Emily and go from there. Once I had calmed down I set about finishing the chilli. I covered a plate for Charlie placing it in the microwave, the rice was cooked all he had to do was warm it up if it was to cold. Checking the door once more, I made way to bed. Checking my window was locked before closing the curtains. I climbed into bed and tried to forget what had happened earlier today, but the throbbing pain in my neck was a constant reminder. Not something I could forget so easily.