"Of sane mind and deliciously toned six packs..." "That's not what I said." I grin. "I know." She shakes her head but continues with a smile. "Admit to..." "Admit to..." "Been wrong and behaved inappropriately rude to Bella Swan, and promise..." "Who's Bella Sawn?" "Me," she says quickly, a bit insulted, "And It's Swan, not Sawn." "Did you know Bella means beautiful in Italian?" "Yes. Unfortunately, you're not the first or the last to hit on me with that corny line." "Who said anything about hitting on you," I ask, taking the Heinken back from her and taking a rather big gulp. "Hey, that was mine!" "And now," I smile smugly, "it's mine." "Are you not worried about any diseases?" I put on some extra charm, giving her my famous panty dropping smile I've been told does exactly that. "Hon, anything that you might have can't be passed on to me by one sip of beer." "Unless...I have mono." "Do you?" She takes the beer back. "Nope. Just herpes." "What?!" Okay, so I might have sounded like a squeaky five year old girl just about now but trust me, no matter how hot you look, nobody wants to hook up with a guy who's got herpes. That shit looks disgusting. She laughs loudly by my outburst, head back, her dark brown hair-or is it black?-cascading down her slender shoulders, and in that moment, as I look at her, I notice that despite her smokin' body, she really is beautiful, geeky glasses or not. "You know, the second I saw you approaching with your buddy, I already knew by that constipated, annoyed look on your face that you'd be an asshole, but... "Hey! " I yell offensively. "What? It's true." "No it's not. I don't look constipated. That word doesn't even exist in my dictionary." "Huh. See...That's interesting." "What is?" "Nothing. Nothing at all. Forget it." The smile she sent in my direction was victorious. "Whatever, " I added after a moment of silence. "You might talk all you want hon, but I recognize your body language, and what it's saying." Bella leans closer to my chair, her voice mocking yet teasing, right hand supporting her small face. "And what would that be?" I put my hand on her leg, a little above her knee and decide to keep it there, all the while leaning closer, whispering to her ear sweetly. "Your brain says no, but I can feel the warmth of your cheeks getting warmer, your puls getting faster, and if I put my hand just a little lower I'm sure I'll find a very excited warm spot just for me. Or am I wrong?" She gulps, suddenly pulling away and turning her stool away from me, keeping her distance. Surprisingly, she quickly takes a sip of her fruity drink- a very large one at that- completely abandoning the beer, keeping her big brown eyes away from me, focusing intensively what's inside her purse. She's closing up. Trying to push me away. I can see that. Digging up the same receipt I gave her-for some unknown reason to me- she stares at it until I see a hint of her smile back, her confidence returning. "So...you buy lubricators a lot?" "What?" "This is your receipt, is it not?" she asks, hands it to me with a satisfied grin, in attempt to make me blush, humiliate myself, as if I haven't done that enough in my life, or ...you know, tonight. "I... No, that's not mine." "Sure it's not." Bella answers, filling the silence with her silent smugness. Okay, so I am embarrassed, but I'm not gonna allow her to see that. Yes, I masturbate, big deal. Been doing that since I was thirteen. Not exactly a rocket science. "So, how often do you do it?" I ask, curious, turning the tables. "Once a week, twice a month, twice a year?" "None of your business." The brush off again, I see. She's blushing, uncomfortable to talk about this particular subject. "Am I embarrassing you?" "Yes, actually, " Bella adds, hiding behind her drink. Good. As cute as it is watching her squirm and blush, I decide to throw her a bone. No, not that bone, just a figure of speech ladies. "I'll make you a deal then. How about I tell you anything you want to know about me, any dark secret, any disturbingly embarrassing moment, and in return, you'll answer the previous question." "And I would be interested in knowing more about you because?" she looks at me directly, defying me to answer. "You're still here aren't you?" I point out. "If you wanted, you would have gone hours ago, the second you saw me, yet you're still talking to me. Plus," I whisper the last thing, as if it's a secret, which is not, not really, "I think your friend is your only ride home, and she's more than busy sharing her saliva with my buddy as we speak." We both look at them momentarily. Disgusting. "I could call a taxi," she says, sounding more like she's asking, rather than just stating a fact. "Yes, you could," is all I say, taking the last sip. She's looking at her friend, then me, then her again, weighing her options. "You know, no matter what you decide-and this is the truth," I add, "I actually had fun talking to you. You're not like the others. You have a bit weird sense of humor for my taste, but I like it. A girl like you, smart and independent is hard to find these days." I'm laying it on a bit too thick, I know, and I don't care. I just want her to stay. "Are you trying to make me stay, by giving me compliments?" "Is it working? I ask, just a bit hopeful. She turns her chair to me, completely, and finally, all her walls are down. "I'm still here, aren't I?" I nod with a bright smile. "That you are."