the semi-inappropriate thoughts out for the moment. "Some boyfriend. I take it that his parents couldn't believe their precious little angel could do something like that?" I ask. I realize at this moment that we discussed my being gay for thirty seconds tops, and then moved on. Which was fantastic. If Jessica was the average Forks resident, then maybe I would be able to be completely out. She snorts. "Sadly yes. But they changed their tune when he confessed and essentially disowned him." "Good," I say. I have never been stalked, but my mother was once, and it had not been a pleasant experience for her. We lapse into a strangely comfortable silence, me reading my manga and she playing something on an iPad she pulls out. I finish the manga and pull my backpack out from where I've stashed it. I unzip in and place the manga inside with the sort of care I use when handling puppies or small children. I consider pulling out the well-loved Harry Potter I also have stashed in there, but I decide instead to see if I can find anything interesting to look at out the window. Despite the fact that we are flying up the coast, I see absolutely no water. In fact the only thing of note besides the clouds is a decidedly confused looking bird. I stay in my position, head on fist, because I decide to use the time I'm stuck in this flying tin can to think. I try to think about what living in Forks will be like, how different it will be from Phoenix. But I find myself thinking of slightly chapped lips and green eyes everytime I lose focus, and my thoughts soon become confusing and annoyingly circular. I look back at her, and I notice her staring at me. She blushes, and I feel a bit like I'm in a two bit romance you can get can for $1.50 at a supermarket. Deciding to go with the semi-crazy instinct I have just had, I say "You're... you're really pretty." Jessica gives me a trembly smile and I feel myself giving her one back. "I think you're pretty too" she says. I get this warm, glowy feeling in my chest, and the smile on my face goes from happy to stupidly happy. She looks down, and plays with her fingers for a second, before looking at me in the eyes and asking very quietly, "Will you go on a date with me?" For a second my mind is totally blank, then I answer "Yes," and I can't say anything more because I'm blushing, and suddenly Jessica's hand is in mine, and it's really warm. Her hand is slightly bigger than mine, and I decide that I want to memorize every line of it, this hand and her other hand, and maybe more of her. I look at her face again and I see this smile on her face and suddenly my biggest wish is to see her smile like that again. She lets out this big whoosh of air, and I realize that I've also been holding my breath, my chest tensed as if to ward off an attack. I let in out, feeling it go through my teeth, and I squeeze her hand. She squeezed back, and says, "There's this really good restaurant, owned by Billy Black, your dad's husband," she says, and I nod. "I know, I've been coming to Forks during the summer since my parents split up," I say, grinning when I realize that having our first date at the restaurant where Billy met my dad, while my dad was investigating a robbery there, would be possibly the best thing ever. "Really?" she says, then her eyes widen, and a smile once again splits her face. "Oh my god, I know how I recognize you now. I accidentally knocked over your ice cream when we were like, six?" she asks, and the memory clicks into place in my own mind. I start laughing, and I say "Yes, I remember that. I remember that you gave me your ice cream but I insisted we share it, so my dad got a plastic bowl and another spoon, and we ate it with that." She laughs too, then starts fighting to breath, and I do to, because the laughter has turned itself into a feedback loop, and soon other passengers on the plane are glaring us, and we hiccup ourselves to silence. "Ouws is a twu wuv" she says, in her best impression of the clergyman from The Princess Bride. I almost crack up again, but instead opt for quiet giggles. "It works, actually, because my ex could be Prince Humperdink, and you're the dashing Wesley, come to save the day," she says seriously. "Does that make you Buttercup? Well then, I do say that you are the number one prettiest girl in the world" I say, equally serious. I lean over, and she leans over, and suddenly we're kissing, still holding hands, and her lips are as chapped as they looked, but still soft, and though it's kind of awkward and horrible, it still is the best kiss ever. We both pull away at the same time, and this time I'm the one who smiles first. We settle into an amazingly pleasant silence, leaning into each other as much as we can on a plane, and I just stay there, for what seems like forever. She's a bit taller than me, so I have my head on her shoulder, and she's leaning against the top of my head. It should be uncomfortable but it isn't, instead it's amazing and intimate, and I'm now dreading the end of the plane ride. AN: Greetings folks, I'd just like to announce that flames are unwelcome, and will also be placed on a public forum (namely, about fifty different websites including instagram) to be wondered and laughed at. I will accept trolls, but you must spell correctly!