into her office. He hesitated, but followed her shutting the door behind him. "That's not what I meant and you know it. Why are you doing everythin' you can to get me outta your bar?" He sighed running a hand through his hair. Looking around he noticed her office seemed to show delicate balance of masculinity and feminity. A large dark leather sofa sat pressed against one wall, with plush light blue throw pillows placed on it. A tan afghan was placed on the back of it, and he could imagine her taking naps in here. On one end of the couch was a small end table with a large vase full of wildflowers, surrounded by picture frames. At the other end was a tall black filing cabinet, like the ones he'd seen in most school offices. She was standing in the middle next to a large white desk that was littered with papers. Small knicknacks were strewn about it and he swallowed a chuckle at all the minuature owls. He glanced down and noticed dark wood floors covered by a large light blue shag rug. At that he laughed. Looking at her he smirked, "Been missin' the seventies, have you?" His smirk turned into an all out grin when she merely rolled her eyes before sitting down at her desk in a tan swivel chair. "Look Charlotte, I don't know what I did to piss you off but all I wanna do is come here and drink. At that same table I've been at for the past two months." He said. There was a bout of silence then, "Three." "Excuse me?" He asked perplexed. "You've been drinking at that same table for the past three months. In that time you've went through thirty bottles of whiskey, a bottle of brandy and I have no doubt you would've drank that God awful rum tonight, if I hadn't changed your table." She stated. He stopped short. Thirty? Thirty? It couldn't be. Then again over the course of three months it was possible. He honestly hadn't realized he'd been drinking so much. Well, he had. It just didn't register. With his days blurring one into the other it was hard to keep track, and quite honestly he just didn't care. "I've paid for every bottle. And left a very large tip for whatever waitress was assigned that table. So that shouldn't have been a problem." He griseled back, not liking the fact that she was right. "Damnit Peter! Of course it's a problem. You think I don't remember you? That I wouldn't recognize you? Your goddamn picture is on my fucking wall!" she screamed. He stared at her startled, watching as she caught her breath. He opened his mouth to speak, but was cut off. "No! You don't get to talk right now! I get that you've been through a lot, but so have I. I lost my big brother. He died trying to be a fucking hero. And this is how you repay him? How you repay them? By drinking your life away in my bar? The same one all six of you used to come to." She was crying now and he felt an overwhelming sense of guilt and shame. She was right, of course she was right. "I understand it hurts. Believe me I understand, but drinking yourself to death isn't gonna make it feel better. You still wake up the next morning, and they're still gone. And all you'e left with is a pounding head and an aching heart. It won't bring them back. It won't get you to them any faster. And I know that Jasper would be kicking your ass right now if he could." She whispered. And suddenly he rembered her. Charlotte Hale was Jasper's baby sister. The last time he'd seen her was six years ago, just before they deployed for the first time. Back then she was a Junior in highschool and he was nineteen. The second oldest in their group. He'd never paid her much attention, but he remebered Jasper going on about her. She'd always write Jasper letters and send the whole squadron batches of her homemade cookies. He hit his knees. Of course, he knew Jasper had bought a resaraunt zoned building. And Jasper had always favored this bar to any other in the city. Now he guessed he knew why. He had given Charlotte the property, and she turned it into a bar. He felt tears begin to slide down his cheeks, and looked up at her. "I'm sorry. I'm so damn sorry. It was my fault. I should've paid better attention, shoulda seen it coming. I coulda done somethin . Anything. It shouda been me !" He sobbed. Suddenly she was there. Her arms wrapped around him as they rocked and cried together. That was the start of him getting sober. It had been hard a first. Weeks of withdrawals. His temper had been short, due to a lack of sleep and the need he'd felt to drink. But Charlotte had stuck by him. She found him somone to talk to, that could help with his bone breaking guilt and the nighmares. And he found himself opening up to her, regaling her with stories of her brother and the others. It took almost a year, and several slip ups, but he had managed to get back control over his life. He knew he owed it all to her, and couldn't have been more thankful. He laughed silently to himself, over the past three months they had entered into a tenative relationship and he couldn't have been happier. Glancing at her from her office he smiled. She was better than any glass of whiskey at soothing his pain. She looked up at him from the bar and smiled back waving, before resuming her quanity count for the night. Yes, she was much better than any type of liqour there was. She didn't just numb the pain; she healed it.