He paused again. Sam prompted, "What do you mean, you guess it's a girl?" "I mean she looks like a girl," He said so with a bit of an edge to his voice, "But different in a way. And she had no scent. None what so ever. It's the weirdest thing. From our observations she could hear and smell things that a human would never be able to. She was quicker and stronger than a human should be, but less so than those leeches. It was weird." Sam seemed to have a thought, "Jacob could this girl be like Ness- "I cut him off, "I don't think so Sam, Ness has a smell. A strong one just like they do." Sam's brow furrowed. I expected Fin to ask a question, but he just continued, "We watched her for the next day or so, but she didn't stay in that location long. she packed up all her gear, and covered up the campsite with a very trained eye. If we hadn't seen her there, even we wouldn't have known she was. She pulled took off on this motorcycle that I swear appeared out of thin air. None of us noticed it before. We've managed to keep track of her while she travels. Some of my brothers are following her now, actually." "Why are you still following her?" Quil was leaning so far in towards the story he was almost flat against the table. His eyebrow quirked up. "Partly curiosity, partly because if we loose her she won't be found again, I can tell you that much. She's almost like a ghost. I've never seen anything like it. I have a feeling that this influx of leeches and her are connected." "What makes you say that?" Sam's brows were furrowed, thinking hard. "I don't believe in coincidences, and she's heading your way as we speak." "And what do you think we should do, exactly?" Sam asked. "My guys can keep track of her up until your borders, but we've gotta get some rest Sam," he looked up at him then, a plea in his eyes, "we've been running ourselves ragged, literally. And we don't have enough people back to protect the Rez as it is." Sam was staring at him, thinking hard. He closed his eyes, as he always did when he was weighing out the pros and the cons. "You're sure she's coming here?" Fin didn't even miss a beat, "Headed straight for you." "I agree; we need to investigate this. If she stops in the area, we'll keep an eye on her- " Paul cut him off, "Why don't we just get rid of the problem. I don't see why- "now Fin cut him off with a stern glance. "She could be human! Maybe she isn't even involved. Would you be able to live with yourself if this girl was innocent? Or worse being hunted?" I got the chills, and Paul was silent. "We protect. It isn't clear what her story is. Either she is unrelated, running, or even with the leeches I don't know, but we need to figure it out before we do anything." Sam was still glaring at Paul, "As I was saying, we need to investigate. If she stops here we watch her. If she passes through we'll follow until there isn't a way to do so unnoticed. I can tell you think this is very important, Fin, so we'll make it a priority." He shook his head, "I've got a weird feeling about this, Sam. I don't know why. I just feel like something big is coming." I think it's safe to say everyone got the chills this time. Sam grabbed his shoulder and squeezed. "We'll take over at the border. Thank you for all you've done. How long until they're here?" "Probably around nightfall. But I'll phase and check in." He got up to leave. I'd been quiet all this time, but I felt like there was a major question no one was asking. "Fin?" he turned around to face me. "Do you think she's dangerous?" Quil snorted, "Come on Jake! We're huge dudes that morph into giant wolves. She's just a girl. Stop being a- " "I don't really know for sure, but I can tell you one thing. I wouldn't underestimate her." He said this looking at Quil instead of me. Then walked outside with Sam. (I do not own the Twilight Series, or any of it's characters. All rights belong to Stephanie Meyer.) Yay! New story so exciting! I've been having major writers block on my other story, and I was really worried I wouldn't ever get back on track. But I just got done rereading the Twilight series, and I remembered how much I loved Jacob Black. One of my all time favorite characters, actually. I didn't really like the way Jacob's story ended in the books, mostly with the imprinting thing. So, I decided to rework it a little bit, and give Jacob a different ending. This takes place after the ending of Breaking Dawn + a few minor changes. You're going to get to see more of my perspective on the Wolf Pack, which was one of my favorite elements in the books. Not to mention, some killer new characters (my favorite will be introduced soon don't worry), and some rad new supernatural elements. It starts off a little slow, but I swear it gets hella interesting. So pop some popcorn, settle down, and give it a try. Once you get through, be sure to leave me a comment telling me what you think, or just say Hi that's always nice. Also be sure to follow and favorite so you'll be updated when I update so you don't miss anything juicy! Share with your friends if you like it enough. Also, please don't judge my initial description of the story, i'm so bad at writing anything with a length limit. Alright, love you guys. Until next chapter. LiveBreatheBooks