to you, and for that I'm sorry. I guess it's true what they say about good intentions." Edward sighed and dragged his hand through his hair. Bella was crying quietly, and Edward went to her with no hesitation. "Bella, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Shh...please, let me finish. After I left Forks, I went to Seattle to stay with my dad for a while. Eventually I told him about us, and he asked me if I thought that you were it for me. I—I told him I thought you were." "He called me on my bullshit. He told me that he cherished every single moment he had with my mother, and he'd do anything if he could have more time with her. He said that if I loved you, I should stop wasting time and do whatever it took to get you back. I believe he even suggested crawling, if that would help." That got a small laugh from Bella. "I've been seeing someone. A therapist," he added quickly. "It's helping. I know I might not be the man you deserve yet, but I want to be, Bella. I'm trying. I love you. I want to make this work, if you can forgive me for being such a stupid, stubborn ass. We can do it on your terms—start out slow, as friends, whatever you—ˮ Taking his hand, Bella looked into Edward's eyes. "I forgive you. Yes, you hurt me—badly. But I think maybe this was necessary, that we'll be better for it in the end. I love you, Edward. I want to try and make this work with you. I don't need you to crawl, or beg my forgiveness. I just need your love, honesty and trust. I need you to talk to me, and to let me make my own decisions. This can only work if we're in it together." Fervently, Edward reassured her. "You've got them, Bella. I won't let you down." Feeling as though a great weight had been lifted, Bella squeezed Edward's hand. "Let's just take things as they come, okay? No rush, no pressure, just let things run their course. Sound good?" Edward grinned, making Bella feel warm all over. "Sounds perfect. So...is that offer for pasta salad still on?" Over the next few weeks Edward and Bella worked on getting to know one another— really getting to know one another, with no secrets between them. Little by little their relationship segued from good friends into something more. Bella was thrilled to see the changes a lot of soul-searching and some therapy had brought about in Edward. He was sweet and doting, and no subject was off-limits. It was clear he wanted to move their relationship forward, as did Bella, but neither pushed, content to let things happen naturally. Edward still met Bella and her class at the garden. Bella could tell that working with the children was a true joy to him. As spring turned into summer, and the garden came alive and flourished, so did their relationship. On a warm Saturday in June, Edward brought takeout. They'd decided to have a quiet night at home watching movies. Towards the end of the movie, Bella felt a tickle on her neck. Turning her head, she realized it was Edward's finger, moving slowly up and down. He smiled and leaned in to capture her lips in a sweet kiss. So far their physical relationship had not progressed beyond heated kisses and touches, but tonight there was a new tension in the air. Every pass of Edward's finger made Bella's skin buzz. Leaning against his warm, hard chest, Bella deepened the kiss. Edward's answering groan told her he wanted more, too. After a few minutes of increasingly desperate kisses, Edward gently pushed Bella down on the sofa and crawled over her, pressing their bodies close. Bella moaned as Edward pushed his hips against her. She could clearly feel him, and suddenly she was desperate to feel all of him, skin to skin. As Edward panted and kissed her neck and chest, Bella pushed his shirt up, wanting it gone. Edward stopped what he was doing, breathing harshly as he sat back and pushed his hair out of his face. Bella's heart fluttered. "Bella...I want to make love to you. Let me take you upstairs and do this right. I want to take my time loving you." Wordlessly Bella took his hand and led him to her bedroom. As badly as he wanted Bella, Edward undressed her slowly, tenderly kissing each new bit of exposed skin. He shed his own clothes and climbed into bed with Bella, their kisses and caresses growing in urgency. Bella could feel the change in Edward in their lovemaking. There was a contentment about him that had been missing the first time, a reverence in his touches. She had no doubt that Edward loved and wanted her as much as she did him. Afterwards, they lay on their sides, close together but not touching. Bella loved the look of utter bliss on Edward's face. After a few moments, his face became serious, and he spoke. "Bella, I don't know if this is the right time, but I want you to know … I love you. I know without a doubt that you're it for me. I want to spend the rest of my life with you. After Kate, I never thought I'd find this kind of happiness. I—I didn't think I deserved it. Finding you has been more than I ever hoped for." Her throat tight with emotion, Bella simply held him for a moment. "I love you too, Edward. You're more than I ever hoped for. Never think you're not worthy of being loved, or that it's selfish to want it. We're so much better together than apart." Edward kissed her lips, silently thanking any and all deities for this amazing woman, whose love and patience had taken something withered and dormant within him and helped it to grow and flourish again.