by reminiscing." He says. I feel a little bad because it must had been bad. So I stop nagging and eat my breakfast. And Emmett returns back to the kitchen smirking at me, but his hair is all wet so he must have taken a shower. I take some time to notice the pretty wet curls making me have the urge to run my fingers through it. What am I thinking? I just met this guy an hour ago Bella needs to find her chill. "Now who's having the staring problem?" Emmett says grabbing a piece of toast and leaning against the opposite counter. I start gnawing at my lip and look down and walk away to the coach with Bree who was still sleep. So I decide to wake her up since she been out for about three hours now. I sit by her feet and I can hear Emmett starting a new conversation with Edward washing the plates and pans from breakfast. "Bree" I say while shaking her a little. Her eye flutter and she opens them and sits up, while rubbing her eye. "What do you want Bella." She says darkly. Why was she still angry with me? Now this is really starting to make me feel guilty about bringing her into this. This is the second time I put her in danger. "Bree I'm sorry okay? I know this wasn't what you expected. I didn't want you so open to this stuff. I knew it was going to be like this and I was little skeptical about you coming I didn't want to leave you in that hospital." I say and let the lump in my throat come up and the tears spill out my eyes. "I love you too much for to be stuck in there thinking that no one loved you but I did and you're with me. Yeah it's going to be rough but you're my sister you're not going anywhere without me. We may not be blood but you're my sister." I say to her as I wipe her tears streaming down her face as even more heavy tears stream out of mine. I grab her by her shoulders and I pull her in for a hug and she grips me tight as well as me. "I'm sorry I was being so rude to you. I'm just terrified that maybe I made a mistake by coming with you but then I realized why because you are my family and your all I have." She says sobbing more tears into my shoulder. This causes me to do the same. "Awwe the sisters from the traveling pants realize they love each other." He says from across the kitchen, causing me grow a grin on my face. Emmett's an ass hat. "Shut up Emmett" Edward and Bree said in unison. Bree and I break from our hug and wipe our tears and I start laughing I can tell how Emmett and Edward are brothers, because they are natural comedians like each other. "Is he always an asshole?" I ask Bree. "Yup" Edward and Bree say in unison once again, causing another fit of laughter coming from me. I few hours later everyone had taken there showers, and it's mid-day. Were all sitting in the living area in front of the TV. Then I realize it's the perfect time for us to get to the airport. "Edward we got to get to an airport." I say a little impatiently. "What's wrong with here?" Edward says. Is he really considering staying here this wasn't a part of the plan? Bree and I needed to get to Delaware. "Edward staying here wasn't a part of the plan." I yell. "Well sometimes plans change this is safe Bella. I can only do so much do you know how fucking dangerous your damn father is? I risked my life for you. I think smuggling drugs is way easier than smuggling a celebrity while being attacked by her psycho father who so happens to be really excellent with a gun-" I cut Edward before he could finish his rant. He was making me angry. "Edward it's only a matter of time before he finds out where I am. If you just get us to Delaware we would be safe he wouldn't touch us. We would be so protected." I rant. I just need to get to plane and I'm soon realizing that it might be with or without his help. "WHAT'S SO DAMN SPECIAL ABOUT DELAWARE?!" He booms. This is the secret I have been withholding everyone. I wanted to get to Delaware and just explain when we got there, but as usual plans has changed. "My mother is there…fuck; I never wanted to tell you this until we got there but my mom never died she escaped my dad. He thinks she's dead but she's not. She contacted me in the hospital one day and told me where to find her. She can make me disappear as well put my dad in jail. We just need to get to her…please Edward." I beg Edward. I really need to get to her. I know she's there. "Okay…Damn it Bella" He says calmly and sighs. Now it's just silent. Bree and Emmett sitting and looking at the ground. "I can get you there" Emmett says breaking the silence. "Really" I say more excitedly then I should be. "Yeah but you're not going to like it." He says worriedly. "As long as I get to my mother it's fine by me." I say we pack and now we were on the move. POV-Charlie "How the hell do you lose a truck that you're driving behind?" I yell. I gave the guy a simple job. I really must complete the job myself. Just like I did to Bella's mother. I pull my gun as I walk to the guy I hired in the chair, I shoot him and walk out the empty abandon warehouse.