special about you the moment I saw you sitting at the bar on your own." I chewed my bottom lip as once again there was silence. "You didn't even take my panties off," I muttered, bright red in the face. He seemed to consider it for a few moments before he realised other than my dress and shoes, I was still wearing my panties and bra since he had yet to remove them. It surprised me that I hadn't felt him move my panties to the side when he had made it known he wished to penetrate me how he had ended up doing. Talk about classy. "Fuck," he cursed. "I really am sorry, Bella." I shrugged. "No, I mean it. Your first time should have been somewhat special and here I am, treating you like a bimbo on a one night stand." I fought against the urge to snap at him that this was a one night stand. It didn't seem to be the right thing to say when he was actually trying to apologise. Pulling away from him I moved to straddle his waist, his pulsing cock still buried deep inside of me. I couldn't help but grind my hips, wanting to feel what sensation it would bring, only to gasp as delightful tingles seemed to run through my system. "We can still make this night work," I moaned as I threw my head back, moving to pull myself off him slightly only to hiss in pleasure when I felt the ridges of his cock rub against my sensitive insides. I almost screeched when I let myself drop back down, being impaled on by his cock while he made his own noises of appreciation. Seeing him grin that lustful grin of his I was once again taken away by his beauty. He was so fucking gorgeous that I couldn't help but wonder just what the hell was he doing with a girl like me. A particularly hard thrust of his lips had my thoughts abruptly stopping as I allowed myself to just be taken with the sensation of being so intimate with another human being. It was perfect. ~~(Morning After)~~ What the fuck… Rolling over in my bed I groaned as I felt stiff, my whole body aching as I moved to rub the sleep from my eyes. What the fuck happened last night? Trying to remember proved to be more difficult than I had first thought, well, that was until I opened my eyes only to freak out when I saw that I wasn't in my bed at home. What the… "Holy shit," I cursed when I rolled over only to catch side of a sleeping Edward. It only took his soft expression as he slept for everything to come rushing back. The ache between my legs, the stiffness of my limbs, my sore and swollen lips… Well, apparently I was no longer a virgin. Not giving myself time to freak out, I knew I had to get out of there. I may not be experienced in the matters of what to do after a one night stand, but I had watched enough movies and heard enough stories that the owner of the bed didn't take to kindly to their one night stand staying any longer than necessary. I still didn't know how I managed to fall asleep so easily. Not wanting to risk waking him up, I carefully pulled myself out of bed which proved more difficult than I had hoped considering I only then just realised there was a heavy arm wrapped firmly around my waist. Could this morning get any worse? Apparently so, as when I had finally managed to detach myself from him it turned out I was unable to locate my panties anywhere. My bra had been handing on the bottom bed post – how it had gotten there I didn't know – but my underwear…nowhere to be seen. I was so mortified. When it came to trying to locate my purse and shoes I finally took the time to have a quick look around his place. I mean I couldn't hurt, right? His place was big, but it looked more like a penthouse suite than it did somebodies home. It was richly decorated and their seemed to be a lot of football related items as I looked around his living room once I had caught sight of my clutch and heels. Football must have been his secret obsession. Catching sight of what looked to be an expensive trophy sitting on his mantle place I was curious enough to take a few seconds to read the encryption. Heisman Trophy Oh shit. The next thing I knew I was in even more of a rush to get out of there. Panties be damned, I did not want to be there when he woke up that was for sure. I Knew that I recognised him from somewhere, that he had that face that I knew I remembered from some place. The fact he was a professional football player, a famous and desirable one at that, hadn't even crossed my mind! I was fucked! Literally. I did not want to be referred to as some kind of groupie. Edward Cullen was a playboy that was for sure, and I wanted no part of it. It was clear I had just been another notch on his bedpost and it killed me that while I had been an amazing night, it had been tainted with the fact it wasn't special to him in the slightest. He did this on a nightly basis and the fact I was just one of many hurt more than I would have liked to admit. I wanted out. As far as I knew, Edward Cullen had never managed to seduce me into his bed. I would be nothing more than a distant memory, if even that. I was going to kill Alice when I saw her next. Her arse was mine! Review!