Wait, did I just call him Edward? Maybe these vampires weren't that bad… Too bad one of them was with the girl I loved, I could almost have been friends with them otherwise... Edward glared at that. I sighed, it was going to be difficult to relax knowing he could read each and every one of my thoughts... I silently followed the group as they bought tickets, entered the cinema, and sat down, all the while brooding silently. I knew I could hide my thoughts in some measure from the pack, maybe I could do the same with that prying Cullen? All I had to do was concentrate on one thought – one only – and he wouldn't be able to read the rest of my thoughts. "Good plan, mutt", Edward muttered. A devilish thought entered my mind. Focus on Bella; how beautiful she was tonight, how her jeans snugly fit her nice arse, how- "Jacob, stop it!" Edward was seething, and it took all of the two other leeches' strength to hold him back. Well, I usually didn't let anyone bully me around, but I wasn't exactly in a position of force. I probably should hold off on the teasing. At that thought Edward calmed right down, striding away to find a seat. A few people looked at us as though we weren't humans. I chuckled at my own stupid joke. Blondie glared at me before joining her brother, Bella ran after her fucking boyfriend to talk him down, and- And the bear vampire's eyes were deep into mine. They were deep, they betrayed how old he really was. His eyes were a swirling pool of emotions, full of uncontained sadness, self-loathing, love, insecurity, contempt. His lips moved but the sound never reached my ears. I was too busy noticing his lips. His lips were entrancing, I watched them dance as he spoke, and I felt a pull. I took one step forward, bringing me uncomfortably close to those lips. I could feel gravity change as I was pulled toward him. I understood how Sam felt. Emmett was my light in the dark, what kept my heart beating. I was pulled out of my thoughts as he took a step back and asked "You alright dog?" "Fine.", was all I was able to mutter. "Ok, the movie's about to start, you should come in." I must have looked worse then a zombie. I seriously considered running home, but I didn't want anyone to notice anything, and the movie would be the perfect cover to mull things over. I sat down, and shifted uncomfortably. I could feel his scent, he was sitting beside me. I could hear him whisper to Bitch. I knew what had just happened, I had just imprinted on Bear Vamp', whose name I didn't even know. Sure Bella had mentioned it, but I hadn't had any reason to listen. I could smell him. He smelt good. Fuck. He smelt too good. Fuck. He was sitting next to me. Damn. How could I get through a movie like this? I was too hot. I needed a cold shower. Before I could give myself time to think, I ran out, muttering 'gonna be sick'. I ran to my car and drove at full speed home. He smelt so good! I could still smell it. It was intoxicating. How would I be able to go on one day without breathing that? How? HOW? I was doomed. I had imprinted on a man. I had imprinted on a vampire. That meant I would be his slave if he asked. Hot tears ran down. I couldn't do this. Sam would kill me. My father would disown me. My mind was reeling, and before I knew it was making up plans. I couldn't tell anyone. Well I would have to tell Emmett, so he could kill me, or reject me and then I could kill myself. LIFE WAS FUCKING UNFAIR! How could this be happening to me? But he had smiled at me! He was just furious because I had upset his brother, right? So maybe he might not actually hate me? For a moment I really considered running, provoking another pack or coven, abandon, let go, free myself. But then my survival instincts kicked in. I needed to live, for my father, for my pack, and, above all, to protect my imprint. I would be there as his protector or friend. But that wouldn't work! Vampires took mates, so in a way I was supposed to be his lover, but that wasn't possible. Remaining friends would have to do. My dad and pack didn't need to know. All I needed was to convince the Cullens. Easy seeing how we Quileutes had been treating them over the years. Oh fuck this was going to be difficult. I was going to have to fight myself on top of having to fight the Cullens, my pack, my family. I felt my heart constrict. I didn't even know my imprint's name! And I had no idea when I would be seeing him again! I almost turned back to the movie theatre, but that wouldn't do. They probably wouldn't want to see me after my exit. Bella would probably be pissed. I had barely reached the rez and parked my car when my phone rang. " Jake?" "Bells?" " Jake, you alright? You scared me! What happened?" "Not feeling well, Bella... I ... I needed to go... I'll call you when I fell better, promise." " You better not cut contact for two months like last time, Jake..." "Don't worry, that was special." " Ok, fair enough. Uh ... Edward wants to talk to you, he says it's important. You mind?" What could he possibly want with me now?! He had been alright all night... "Uh ... Yeah, sure..." There were a few sounds, amongst them a whooshing sound, and then " Jacob? It's Edward. I know you imprinted on my brother, Jacob." Fuck. My. Life.