and then getting an allergic reaction to the wedding cake, and then driving my car into the mailbox. So it was easy for the lack of Kimmunication (get it? Communication with Kim? Clever, right?) to go unnoticed. In fact, Kim artfully assuaged any doubts I had about her pulling away from our friendship by getting me gradually assimilated to less interaction. I became accustomed to her new ride (Jared, obviously.) And then it didn't seem a big deal when she only called on the weekends, and then not at all. And then weekend hang outs became more and more infrequent until it became the usual to not see her at all over the breaks. She was fucking weaning me out of our friendship. Like I was a dependent baby animal and she was trying to get me to eat real food so I could survive in the wild. Well, fuck her, because I notice now. People bump into me on their way to lunch as I hover in the doorway, staring at my usual table and willing her to appear, sitting there like she used to back when it was our table. (she's not, and I feel like the cafeteria is giving me an asthma attack). I'm holding a little hope, because just because she's not sitting at our (…my?) table doesn't mean she won't show up in a second. (even if she always, always beats me to lunch.) I take a few steps into the room, and suddenly freeze. She is there, with Jared and Paul and Embry Call and Jacob Black. Sitting there, with them, smiling and laughing like she belongs. Because she does belong, doesn't she? It's me who doesn't. It's me who doesn't belong anywhere. Certainly not with them . With her. I turn around and sprint out of the cafeteria, out of the school, and I guess out of Kim's life. As I leave school behind me in the proverbial cloud of dust, it quickly comes to my attention that having a car is nowhere near as cool when you don't have a single friend to visit. Basically the only people on the whole fucking reservation who talk to me besides my mom are Henry fucking Hobber and Kim's kid genius sister Rory—and I am not so pathetic to stoop so low as to take Henry Hobber as my new best friend. If this is rock bottom, that scenario doesn't bear thinking about. (And being Rory's friend is somehow even more pathetic, probably because not only does she think she's superior to me and the human race, but it'd seem like I was trying to get to Kim through her kid sister and that's somehow even worse than the Henry Hobber situation.) Even so, driving around in my fifteenth birthday present (a " sorry I missed your birthday again!" present from my dad) was strangely cathartic. It was easy to leave Kim and her stupid boyfriend behind when I was putting physical distance between us. I ended up driving home. My dad is a big-shot at his company or whatever so my mom doesn't have to work, which is great most of the time. Now it would be awesome if she worked two jobs like Kim's does, at least so I could sneak and skip school unnoticed. But even as I pull into our long driveway, I can see my mom standing in the window glaring at my car. I hop out, nearly twisting my ankle in the gravel, and stomp over to the front door. She rips it open before I'm even on the porch. Mr. Noodle, our basset hound, flops past her eagerly. At least someone in the universe is happy when I show up. "Natalie Lisa Wright!" she shrieks, her hands on her hips. "It is eleven-thirty on a Wednesday . Mind my asking why you are not in school?!" I ignore her, letting her rant about irresponsibility and teen pregnancy (not completely unfounded considering my brother Jeremy knocked up this girl his senior year, big drama at the time) while I squat down and bury my face in Mr. Noodle's flabby body. Dogs are great, you know? They don't ever ditch you. Not even for Jared Cameron. I pet Mr. Noodle almost feverishly, taking some comfort from his sweet puppy face. He woofs, hesitantly wagging his tail, and gives me a lick on the face. All better, he seems to say. You not sad now . I burst into tears. "—completely irresponsible, and I—Natalie? Natalie, sweetheart, are you alright?" Mom's anger seems to drop away from her face, replaced by concern. "Sweetheart, talk to me. What's happened?" I let her pull me inside, Mr. Noodle waddling along after us. She sits me down on the couch in our sitting room (different than the family room, apparently), and pulls me into a tight hug. "Sweetheart, please. Let me help you. What's happened?" Eventually I tell her. About Kim and Jared, and Sam Uley's weird gang. About the silence. About being alone. And gradually, as I rant, my tears turn to anger—at Kim, at Jared, at Sam Uley and the rest of them. I'm only half aware of what I'm saying as I accuse them of every single rumor I've ever heard—and then I come to halting, startling realization that floods me with a desperate kind of hope I probably left in the cafeteria with the loser table. It's a horrible idea, but somehow it seems less awful than the one dreadful, creeping thought of "Maybe she just doesn't want to be your friend anymore.", because this one gives me hope—it gives me a purpose . A mission. A way to bring things back to the way they used to be. "Mom—Mom, they brainwashed Kim!" And I, Natalie Wright, had officially adopted Operation Rescue Kim as my mission in life. (so fucking take cover, bitches.) A/N: ...so, what's the consensus? Yes, no, maybe so? Drop me a review! Thanks for reading! Love, Lyra