but he had tried with all his might to be a worthy substitute. He had been more successful with her locket - a honeymoon gift originally - and had it replaced to be doubly more opulent, this time hewn in platinum, though absolutely identical in terms of design, to the original. She never removed the chain from around her neck. Sleep he could not give her, no matter what he did, but as they lay dreaming he could be with her. He did all that he could to relax any mental fatigue she might experience (he knew all too well their kind did experience this) and he would light candles and turn down comforters and lay silent and quiet for as long as possible, holding her, to create the calm that sleep brought for mortals. So, in essence, he had experienced limited success when it came to giving her what she missed. In fact, absolutely minimal success would have been a justifiable description of his attempts. He sighed a little, pushing an errant caramel curl back from her face. "What my darling?" "The beach," she answered wistfully, "Walking in the sun, sand under my toes, waves lapping at my ankles. The waves fighting me as I dove into them. Not that I went to the beach often, or that I was a particularly excellent swimmer. Still..." He felt overcome with sadness, but smiled nonetheless. "I can vaguely remember going to Lake Erie, with my parents, just before I married Charles. I think I remember a sense of foreboding, like it was the only time I would be free to walk on the beach again. It's strange how that came true." "You paint a glorious picture," he whispered, "I could build you a swimming pool, right where we are lying, if it pleases you?" She laughed a little, "No! What a crazy idea. This has been the only sunny day this year. Not that I don't appreciate it my darling, because I do, but it's not the same. Don't you miss it?" "I cannot say I do," he answered honestly, "No one went to the beach in 1640. The only beach remotely near London was Brighton or Dover, neither of which were particularly picturesque. I honestly do not think swimming had been invented!" She laughed at his silliness, then rolled to lie flat on her back. She stretched her hand out and flexed her fingers towards his. She tipped her head to look at him curiously. "Carlisle, have you never walked along a beach in the sun?" "No, never." He felt suddenly as if he was missing out on something too. He had strolled along the beaches of Italy in beautiful moonlight, and taken wanders around Cape Cod in stormier weather, but he had never experienced the calm serenity and heat of a summer beach quite as she so eloquently described it. It had simply never been possible. He had read many descriptions, and saw many paintings, but he had never experienced it. He had never wanted to. Esme made him want to do things he had never wanted to do before; it was oddly disconcerting. "You don't know what you are missing," she said sweetly, tilting her face up to the sun then towards the washing line, "Thank you for my beautiful washing line!" He laughed at her natural ability to bring conversation back round to inanity, a skill he had serious trouble with, and made to stand up. Though she did not need it, gentlemanly as always, he offered his hand, which she took with that shy smile that was so entirely unique to her. "I solemnly swear to you that I will take you to the beach, so you might feel all of that again," he said seriously, wrapping his hand around hers. She laughed, "What if someone sees us sparkle?" "Esme," it was rolling around in his mouth before he could stop himself voicing the ridiculously sentimental words, "No one need see you in the sun to see how truly sparkling you are." Never one to laugh at the gravity of his sentiment, she instead clutched his hand. Her voice was insistent; "I need only you to be happy. No beach, no anything. You Carlisle." On the odd occasion that her fierceness truly showed, his wife was transformed. Her golden eyes blazed, her ruby mouth delivered fury, her hands became claws. She was so fiercely loving that he found it difficult to comprehend. He may have been a loving though astute, and somewhat rigid, moral compass but nothing would ever compare to the breath taking love that Esme was capable of. She conveyed it in everything she did, and in saying this to him, he realised that he had underestimated how aware she was of what he was trying to do. It made him feel strangely humiliated. "Forgive yourself Carlise," she said softly, "God knows I have. So must you. I don't need you to atone." The irreverent blasphemy was beautiful from her mouth. He felt his embarrassment grow, then under her loving scrutiny, dissipate as suddenly as it came. He smiled sheepishly at her. "I am so obvious?" She shrugged a little, an entirely human gesture intended to convey her forgiveness, "Utterly. It's very attractive." "You are blind woman," he said softly, the tone teasing and very private. He would never have dared use such a tone towards her in ear-shot of any of the others. "Perhaps," she led him inside, "And blissful, doctor. I have loved you since I was sixteen." "Perhaps not blind; I suggest you are insane." She placed a hand on his chest, her tone sobering him, "Perhaps the good doctor would stop fretting and analysing and be quiet and kiss me. The chase you set up was far too promising to end on such a low note. Don't ruin a lovely afternoon with your typical seriousness." He merely laughed and, as was his wont, indulged her request. Please review. Thank you.