hot and cold at the same time. He stares into my eyes, says, "Bye, Bella," and backs out, watching me as he closes the door, his eyes still on mine until harsh wood closes between us. Tears roll down my face and I let them. Long after he's gone, he really isn't. He's still here. With me. And it feels as warm as my tears. ... My divorce is final on a Monday. Divorce is final, I think. Fitting. They are some powerful papers that can obliterate something that once encompassed two whole lives—two pasts and two futures. You sign the papers and poof, you have a new title: Divorcee. Divorcee . Is a name for it really necessary? I want to take the day off work, but that's impossible. Seeing Rose is hell. I used to avoid her eyes as we passed each other but at least I'd keep my head up. Now, I find myself looking down. I hate that I do that. She doesn't deserve to hold that kind of power over me. I want to go back to keeping my head up. Again I find myself facing Emmett at the Co-op. I once loved that we worked the same hours, loved shopping here together. Purple and green mark his cheek, the tail end of a black eye. "What happened?" "Your boyfriend." "Edward?" "In the parking lot." He nods his chin toward the big windows. "He's not my boyfriend." "You rejected him?" He looks relieved and I'm repulsed by that. My depriving myself of what I want has given him relief. I think about how I no longer keep my head up around Rose, and why? Because I feel like I've come out behind everyone in this disaster. I'm neglecting my needs because I'm afraid. Afraid of Emmett? But Emmett doesn't want to see me with Edward any more than I want to see Edward with him. Emmett would avoid us. I'd only see the two of them together by accident, and that only happened once in three months. And this, only the second time I've run into Emmett, both times at the Co-op. "You didn't hit him back." "For caring about you more than me? Who can blame him?" So he can be decent. At least a fraction of the man I thought he was. "You got your mom and Alice out of this." "What?" "The divorce." "You got the house." "You got my dignity." He flinches, steps back, almost hitting the woman reaching for apples behind him. "I want the Co-op. I want to be free to come here without worrying about seeing you." The woman with the apples sneaks a glance our way. "You want me to stop coming here?" "You're quick." "You want the whole town, too?" Now that he mentions it. I shrug a shoulder. "All right," he says, "but I get Whole Foods." I agree and turn away, heading down the bread aisle. I check behind me. Emmett's nearing the exit. He's left his cart, partially full, behind. I haven't spoken to Edward in a week, but today I call him. "Meet me at our bench at eight?" He doesn't ask me which bench is ours. We've only ever shared one bench. ... Facing him in front of our bench, I kick my foot forward, hit the toe of his shoe with the toe of mine. He looks as serious as he did the night he took me to my childhood home those months ago. "Let's try this," I say. "Us. With ties." He doesn't budge. The moon is higher in the sky than last time we were here. It's streaming over us, silver light. He's quiet for too long. My heart pounds, picking up speed with every passing second. "Edward, what are you thinking?" He steps forward, reaching out for me. I look at his eyes, cast down. He's watching his hand as he takes hold of my waist. "We should come here sometime when the adorable ducks are awake." His eyes raise to mine. "You remembered." He brings my hand to his prickly cheek, turns and kisses my wrist, and I could just about tear up at that, my eyes stinging. Then he pulls my arm around his waist, moving in as close as possible. Closer still, his lips meet mine, and he squeezes me tight. When we separate, he shimmies a pocketknife out of the front pocket of his jeans and slides the blade open. From the end of his sleeve he cuts a loose thread. "Give me your hand." I do and he ties the thread around my pinky. His breath trembles. "That okay?" "It only makes sense if you have one, too." He smiles and with a long exhale searches for a thread on my shirt, his grin hanging on. They're all too short so he plays with one and tugs at it, neverminding the bunching of the fabric he's causing. After fumbling with it some because his hands are too big, he cuts the thread free and offers it to me. I barely feel it in my palm when I take it from him. The wind could snatch it so easily if I'm not careful. He holds his hand out, reminding me of my wedding day. I give a tiny shake of my head and take breaths to calm my hammering heart. Wiping perspiration from the back of my neck, I remind myself this isn't an engagement. It's only a symbol of hope. Even though he'd tied mine in a knot, I tie his in a bow and he laughs, flicking at it with his finger. "What's this?" "My tie." He smiles wider, more handsome than ever. "I like it." We stand here, in our streak of silver light with our hands locked together and our ties on our pinkies, looking at each other, and in one another's eyes possibilities can be seen. We both see them. I'm sure of it. I know I do.