I hopped down from the tree I was perched on and closed in on the house. My window was open slightly, so I took a chance and bounded up the tree by my room and latched onto the windowsill. Pulling myself up a little I peered through the crack and saw a lump in the sheets that was vaguely Bella Swan sized. Using one hand to hold on and another to lift the window, I eased through and stepped lightly on the floor. The smell of human and freesia permeated everything. "Damn, Alice was right; I do smell good." Her blood didn't do a thing for me. Before the pitched battle against Kurtz in Prague, Alice, Jasper, and I raided a hospital's expired supply and got blood drunk. I wouldn't have to feed for a week or two easy. It was there that I had to make a decision. I'd already screwed everything up with the Cullens. While the situation was probably repairable, it was going to take some time and probably a little groveling. On the other hand, I could tell myself. If I couldn't trust me then who could I trust? At least I'd have a place to keep my stuff until I could work out something else. Charlie might be a problem, but seriously, the man, while a little freaked out at first, came around to embrace the whole vampire thing eventually. Telling the other me would solve so many future problems as well. James, Victoria, and Laurent were going to go up in nice purple flames when they arrived in Forks. Hmm, I wonder if Sam had already phased. Killing the rogue vampires might stop that altogether. Either way I needed to either go back to the veggie lifestyle or start raiding hospitals. Maybe Carlisle could hook me up. Animal blood is just nasty after having the real stuff for so long. Meh, decisions to be made later. I dropped my back to the floor, pulled the sheet back on the other me and slapped my hand down on her mouth while I held a finger to my lips with my other. Her eyes snapped open in panic and she even managed to struggle a little before I whispered. "Shhh. I'm not here to hurt you, but I don't want you screaming and waking Charlie up." When it was obvious that she wasn't going anywhere with me clamped down on her, the other me ceased moving and nodded, whereupon I eased off. She scrambled up toward the headboard and clutched the sheet tightly as if I was some common criminal there to steal her virtue or something. "Relax," I said again before turning on the bedside lamp. She squinted against the harsh light while I grabbed her warmup bottoms off the floor and pushed them up against the bottom of the door to reduce light on the other side and hopefully muffle our conversation. "Who are you?" I smirked and turned back around to see her studying me. "You don't recognize me?" Her sleep-fogged brain appeared as if it was engaging. "You look like… me, only hotter. Oh my god. Charlie has another daughter. He cheated on Mom! I have a sister!" "Uh, no. Try again." "No? You're not my sister?" "No." Reaching out my hand I said, "Here touch my hand." She looked down at it for a moment. "I didn't say pull my finger . Just touch my hand, Bella." She wrinkled her nose at me. "It's Isa bella. I hate it when people shorten my name like that." My mouth dropped open slightly. "You're cold. There's another blanket in my closet if you want." With a few blinks and a minute shake of my head later I leaned in and let her get a good look at me. "Does anything seem off to you?" Her head pulled back as if I was invading her space. "Uh, you're really pale and you have freaky taste in contacts?" "Oh brother." Pausing to keep myself from just blurting things out I said, "Does my appearance remind you of anyone… besides you?" Apparently, lack of sleep made me loopy when I was human. "Uh… no?" I sighed and stood up to slide off my jacket. Isabella sucked in a harsh breath. "Are those real?" "What? Oh." I looked down at the weapons. "Yeah. Look, didn't you just move here a couple months ago?" She nodded. "Mom married Phil and I moved in with Charlie." Glancing around the room I saw everything was pretty much like I left it decades ago when I was the one in the bed and Edward…. A pause in mid-thought caused me to inhale deeply. No vampires had been in here except for me. Edward wasn't being a creeper. Spinning around, I closed in on Isabella. "This is a very important question. Are there any boys at school that you like – I mean really like?" Isabella appeared mildly affronted. "That's a pretty personal question for someone that I don't know." "Answer me. It's seriously important." "My love life is important to you?" Rolling my eyes I rubbed at my temples again. My headache was back. The problem was I couldn't take any aspirin. Maybe if Isabella took some and I bit her and drank all of her blood… nah. "Um… you probably don't know him. He definitely doesn't know I exist except when he gives me dirty looks if I get too close to him." "Edward," I proclaimed. "Eww! No! He's all Emo and uses way too much hair gel. It's his brother, Jasper." Her face lit up a little and she got a faraway look in her eyes. Again, I was dumbstruck. "Apparently, I'm in a different universe. Not only did I transport from Prague to Forks, and go back in time, I've entered into some freaky alternate universe. This can't be happening." "Oh!" Isabella exclaimed as she pointed her finger at me. "That's who you remind me of… the Whitlocks!"