what makes the car move. We use it to travel long distances." Esme left out warning her about the dangers of a vehicle, not wanting to frighten her anymore than she already was, she approached the idling car. The child tensed up and squeezed her eyes shut as Esme laid her hand on the hood, bracing for some form of disaster. The rain pelted onward, undisturbed. No cries of agony were heard, nothing unusual befell. Just silence. Timidly, she opened her eyes again and blinked at Esme's unharmed hand and then her face, startled. "I am alright, darling. The car didn't hurt me," Her foundling swallowed with trembling legs, frail arms tight around her bony frame. "You're okay... this must be so new to you, so scary. You don't have to be afraid... Will you come to me?" Esme reached out her free hand. After a beat, she inched forward with unsteady footing until she reached Esme's side, her tiny body cursed with violent quakes. "Atta girl. The car isn't so scary, It's purrs just like a kitten, see?" She placed her other hand on the sleek hood, the girl flinched, but then cocked her head curiously. Then, very slow and halting, she rested her own tiny hand on it's wet surface. A soft gasp fled from her lips, her eyes growing impossibly large in disbelief, so tenderly awestruck by it's vibration. The sight was so heartbreaking yet so very tender, like witnessing a toddler walk for the first time after so many tearful stumbles. Esme wanted to cry. "You're so brave, sweetheart... so brave. There's nothing scary about this at all," She whispered, her voice crackled and watery, her fingers aching badly to stroke her tangled hair. She let go of the hood and the child was quick to follow, watching with wide eyes as she moved toward the car's rear. Esme laughed light and weak. "Come along now." She scurried right behind her. The back door was left open from her earlier rummaging, all the heat was gone and had escaped into the frigid air besides the warmth that resided in the front and rear seats, the electric coils were to their highest settings. Esme had a shameful need of being consistently warm. "This is where you sit when the car is moving-" A car zipped by carelessly and Esme pointed it out quickly. "-There's another one right there. We'll be moving just like that, but not as fast. That would be dangerous." The child recoiled at it's speed and then turned to stare helplessly as Esme climbed into the back seat of the car. She flashed her a reassuring smile as she peered around the interior timidly, shivering in the rain. "The seats are warm. You must be so cold, sweetie. Would like to take a seat- touch the seat? It feels very nice. " Esme promises her with a caress of her hand over the beige leather. She watched the motion with a cocked head for a moment, debating, then she laid a hesitant finger on the seat. She yanked her hand back with a gasp, eyes fluttering in shock but before Esme could utter a word of comfort, her hand was already reaching for the leather again. A shiver rippled her pale skin as her hand lingered there, her lips agape in pure awe. Her head flitted upward in alarm at the sound of Esme's soft voice. "It feels nice, doesn't it? Why don't we try to sit now, you'll be okay. You're completely safe." With a deep, shaky breath, she clambered in awkwardly, almost forcibly and placed her tiny bottom on the seat haltingly. It was so harrowing for Esme to see her so unfamiliar and frightened of warmth, she still smiled brightly despite of it. "That's it, my brave little ming. You're doing so well," The child blinked confusedly at her soft-spoken words, but underneath her twiggy ribs, her heart lulled to a more slow and peaceful rhythm. "Now, we'll put our seat belts on, this keeps us safe while the car is moving and we only have to wear them when it's moving – like this." The child watched with shocking alertness as Esme pull the strap over her chest and locked it into place. According the law, she was required to be in a booster seat but she wasn't excepting to run into a child on the side of a Washington State highway. "You try now." Esme coaxed. She fumbled with the strap in shaky hands, and she realized that the child was trying to please her, tragically desperate. With the slowest movements that Esme could muster, she reached to take the seat belt from her tiny grasp. She flinched violently and a cluster of whimpers came fleeing afterward. "Shh... Shh... It's okay. You're okay. I am trying to help you, sweetheart. Just give me a moment, I am not going to hurt you. I promise." With the strap firmly in place and her hands drawn back, the child uncoiled slowly, blinking at Esme with teary eyes and a heaving chest. She looked so lost, so defeat and weakened by terror. But here she was in Esme's car, safe and unharmed – physically at least – That's all that mattered for now. Esme met the eyes of her nameless foundling, soft yet fiercely, she whispered. "Whoever hurt you... You'll never have to see them again. You're safe now, I am going to take you far away from here. You'll never feel pain again... We're going home." Just a quick note. Esme is aware of the dangers of taking a human child home with her, but she is sort of... possessed by her maternal instincts for a lack of better words. That would explain the weirdness of her last three words. Reviews/favs/follows are always welcomed and if you any problem, questions, concerns, or just want to talk. I don't bite, you are welcome to PM me. Love you all, till next time...