my eyes before I went back to setting out the brand new books so they were neatly on display. "You've been in here for at least a half hour, are you seriously telling me you haven't found a single-" She seemed to cut herself off all of a sudden causing me to glance in her direction, only to see her watching Edward which a strange expression on her face. Amusement maybe, or happiness? It definitely seemed as if she was up to something, hopefully it didn't involve me ever seeing this jerk again anytime soon. "Hi, I'm Alice" the small pixie like female introduced herself even though it was irrelevant. Were they seriously related? Alice couldn't have been much taller than five foot, her tiny frame and pixie cut hair making her look exactly like the perky female she seemed to sound like. If anything, she gave off the impression that she was on a constant sugar rush. Not liking my judgemental thoughts I smiled politely and rebalanced my books on the crook of my arm so I could reach my hand out and shake hers. I was partly surprised when I discovered that she had a firm and solid handshake, a trait which seemed to contrast her looks extensively. "Bella," I smiled before getting into business mode. "So, you're looking for a book I take it?" I asked, ignoring the snort from the jerk who was standing to my left. Alice nodded eagerly. "Our mother, Esme, is interested in the genre of medieval romance. Her birthdays coming up in a few days and we thought it would be a nice idea to get her something she would end up enjoying" she explained. "What price range you after?" I asked much like I did with all my requests. Customers giving you a price range tended to give you something extra to work on. "Do we look like people who don't have money?" Edward interrupted causing me to roll my eyes. He really did seem to give off the impression of being a rich snob that was for sure. I watched as Alice seemed to slap him on the shoulder, a gesture which seemed to have little to no effect on the giant standing next to her. Because he did tower over her small form, hell I wasn't exactly short and he still towered over me since I only just reached his shoulders. "Sorry about my brother, he can be a real grouch" she apologised causing me to raise a brow. I stifled the urge to give her a look as if to say 'are you serious?' but thought better of it. I wasn't a rude person by nature and I certainly didn't want to take out my frustration with this girl's brother on her. She didn't deserve that. "Do you want a series or one edition?" I asked as I laid down my very slowly decreasing pile of books on a nearby shelf. "Doesn't matter" Edward spoke, his tone surprisingly losing some if its bite. Puffing out a deep breath I strode down the correct row of books before selecting a favourite which seemed to be popular as of late. Medieval wasn't really my cup of tea, but I could relate to wanting to settle down with a good romance. "So have you worked here for long then?" I was surprised when Alice seemed to want to strike up a conversation with me, but I went with the flow. "I own it," I confessed. "You're the boss!" Edward blurted out in an accusing tone causing me to grin widely up at him, not sure what to make of his thoughtful expression as I did so. "No shit Sherlock" I snorted as I rolled my eyes. Shaking my head I ignored the giggles from Alice and the twitching of Edward's lips as I went back to grabbing a book off the self. "Here," I gave them to Alice. "The book one is one of my best sellers; there should be another coming out in early May if she likes it." "Thanks" she spoke perkily. Nodding I headed over to my desk to ring up their book, feeling a certain someone's stare on me but I refused to look in his direction. Who knows what might come out of that devilishly handsome mouth if I did so. "That's £13.95" I stated as I bagged up the book she had purchased, internally wincing at the price of how expensive it was. I tended to go for the second-hand books myself. Taking the twenty which Edward handed to me I made sure our fingers didn't touch as grasped it from his hand, typing the correct digits in the till before I went to hand him back his change. "Keep it," was all he said before grabbing the bag and heading out the door without a second glance. Even though I was cursing internally at his behaviour I soon found myself watching him leave, or rather his delectable arse to be more precise. It was Alice who drew me out of my lust filled haze. Oh I was going to dream so good tonight I thought. "It was nice to meet you, Bella" she smiled brightly at me causing me to shrug. "You too Alice," I leaned my elbows on the counter as I faced her. "I hope Esme enjoys your gift." "Oh, she will" Alice laughed. "Well, see you around" she called over her shoulder before following her grouchy brother out. I frowned at her comment, not sure what she meant since I sincerely doubted that they would be back again. They seemed too, oh what's the word…higher class? Shaking my head I made a mental note to tell Angela about my more than eventful morning. I knew I would be having thoughts of a certain Edward on my mind for the rest of the day, and I knew I would be lying to myself if I said that they would all be bad.