crawled up into his lap grinding my hips against his, I knew we were in a car full of our friends, I couldn't find it in me to care. I felt like I was on top of the world and nothing could never mess up this big ole happy bubble I was in. We made it to the club just in time I swear I almost dry humped Emmett in the limo. I smiled when I got out of the limo, the line was around the block, but Emmett nodded at the doorman and we were let in immediately, the staff was all new and the club had been remodeled and looked amazing. Even in my drug induced haze, I could see Emmett had put a lot into making this club into his own. We were led into the Owners VIP lounge and we settled into the couches and a little tiny blonde came in to take our drink orders. Emmett and Cullen, got their usual vodka red bulls. And all us girls got Alabama slammers and were over in a corner laughing and chatting the need I had to have Emmett inside of me growing stronger and stronger. I abruptly left the conversation and went and curled up in Emmett's lap as he talked with the guys. I had to keep my hands on him running my fingers through his hair after I took his hat off and put it on my head. "Emmett, I need you baby, like right now" I whispered in his ear as he threw back a shot. He looked at me with a smirk. "Come on we're going to the office for a minute, I gotta get some work done" he whispered. I pouted, "Emmett, baby, it's our wedding night, this is so not fair" I whined. "Bella, shut your fucking mouth and get your ass in my office" he demanded, I stood up and straightened my dress and waited for Emmett to be done they were passing around a few blunts until a white envelope appeared and Emmett shook his head "Nah, not tonight, I'm already rolling on X man" Emmett said pulling a hundred dollar bill out of his pockets and laying it on the table. "Come on this is the new shit we got from the Jewish kid, just try it" Jasper said dumping the white power onto a small compact mirror and using a credit card to cut it into lines. I had never seen Emmett do anything stronger than X he said he had tried coke a few times but he refused to make a habit of it, but I saw his head dip and the snorting noise, I kind of smile, I mean god this time a a year and six months ago I would have screamed and ran but for some reason it made me so fucking horny. Emmett's head dipped and when he came back up he was wiping the underside of his nose. "Dam that's raw as hell, is he giving us the wholesale on this shit?" Emmett asked "Well, he would if we asked him, he's Felix's cousin, the chemist" Benny C "I want that fucker on my team, I don't even care how you do that shit" Emmett said standing up. My man was high as a kite, and sexy as hell, and I wanted it. All of it, and the way I was going, I wouldn't make it to his office. "Baby, I gotta go to the bathroom, I'll meet you in your office" I whispered in his ear and walking off towards the bathroom. As I walked down the hall, I noticed a Japanese man leaning against the wall outside the bathrooms. I smiled politely at him and continued to walk to the bathroom I didn't even seen the movement behind me before I felt the blow to the back of my head and the world with black. EmPOV Sitting behind my desk waiting on Bella and the more seconds that ticked away the more I got this feeling something was going on, like I could feel my girl hurting. I touched my thump of the pad on my desk and the cabinets opened I watched the monitors. I couldn't see her anywhere, I sent Jasper a text telling him to send one of the girls into the bathroom and tell her to get her ass up here. I sat back and lit another blunt I was starting to get off focus and jumpy, I remembered the last time I felt like this. I felt it the day I met Bella. Something wasn't right. I sat back in my chair and stared at the door. My office door flew opnend and felix slammed Bella's doog tags down onto my desk. "What the actual fuck Jasper" I screamed standing up so fast, my chair flipped over. "This her purse and one of her shoes was found in the bathroom bro" he said sadly. "I want every fucking Capo at the office right fucking now wake all these motherfuckers up, I want the whole sweep team here going over these fucking tapes with a fine tooth fucking comb, I want my wife back by the morning and if that don't happen I swear someone will have a bullet between their eyes" I sneered. I couldn't believe this shit, someone came into my fucking house and took my fucking wife on my fucking wedding night. Someone was going to pay for this shit, and I think I had an idea of who it was, and this fucker was going to be sent to a special place in hell, I had already told him about putting his hands on shit that don't belong to him. A/N: (runs and jumps behind the couch) I know fuckers, I didn't mean to, but we all know that I write what comes out in my head. And for better or worse here it is…Review Review Review. Pimp Pimp Pimp