staying here being too tired to function. Come on… go home… I'll make sure she doesn't go anywhere." I bit my lip, I knew Lori- she wasn't going to give up on this- as the staff's mother hen so I smiled and did my best to look tired. "Thank you Lori… but listen to me now. Make sure this girl does not leave the hospital during the night okay?" Lori nodded and then more or less pushed me out of the room where I went over to the staff's room and then down in the basement to leave my scrubs before walking out to the parking lot. Of course- since I was a vampire I didn't need any sleep. But I spent the whole night lying on my bed staring up in the ceiling trying to find a way that would make it easier for the young girl to tell us what was hurting her so bad and make it easier for us to help her. And so the next day I walked through the hallways at the emergency room to find room number 14 B empty. "Lori" I caught up with the nurse. "Where's the…" I hadn't had the time to finish the sentence before the woman in her mid- twenties interrupted and said everything so fast that if my hearing had been of the human kind- it would have been hard catching the words she said. "I am so, so sorry Dr. Cullen. Someone recognized Miss Tanner as a runaway from some pictures on the news and managed to call up her dad- he was just here and got her…" I asked her what he looked like to check if it was the same man who Edward and Alice had seen. "Big- grown, dark, short hair, going on bal…" I didn't have the time to listen to more, I might be right or not- and I prayed to God I was wrong this time. "Listen to me Lori, if this is a worst case scenario her dad is a person who physically abuses her… we need to find her…. Now. How long is it since they left?" She answered me maybe five minutes, I turned around and ran human speed down the hallway and towards the parking lot calling up my children to have them take each car and look for the girl- we might be wrong- but if I was right- I would rather find her and be wrong than doing nothing at all. Bree POV I sat and pressed myself up as far as possible towards the inside of the car door in the passenger seat by the seat that my- or the one that was said to be my father sat and steered his car further and further into the forest with the bag with the clothes we had gotten from the hospital or wherever from in the back seat. "Come on" father said at last. "Get out of the van." I carefully stepped out and walked up to face my father. He seemed a million times bigger than he usually seemed, but that was when I decided not to take it anymore. I had gotten a taste on what life could be without punches, kicks, insults and all that, so before he had the time to make any harm I had jumped forward and kneed him where I could reach Right in the groin Dad fell to his knees- I might be small- but I was strong- and bony! So before he had the time to get up again I turned around and ran through the trees without looking back, the wind of speed blowing my hair backwards as I only ran and ran and ran. I couldn't stop. I couldn't stop. I wasn't going to stop. Because I was never going back to that man. It felt like forever before I saw a car- road between the trees, and as I heard Alexander Tanner coming shouting after me I sped all the way up- jumping out right in front of a tree. "AH" Right in the last moment as my palms hit the front of the car the car braked and I was safe and could breathe out as a man I easily recognized stepped out and came jogging over to me. And before I had the time to change my mind I had told Dr. Cullen everything. I had told him about my dad and his friends, I had told him what dad had told me about that my mum left when I was little- even though I had a strange feeling about it, I told him about how I ran away from where I lived with him before but fell and hit my head and all about that. Dr. Cullen- or Carlisle as he later asked me to call him took a step forward towards me and lifted me up to be able to hug me, held his arms wrapped around me and then just held me like that while I started crying again and didn't seem to be able to stop. "Sch, sch, sch." He said softly. "It's okay, I'll make sure it will be okay now." And for what was the very first time- yet it was at least the millionth time someone had told me that. I believed in him. And it wasn't that long later that some dreams that you dream at night- as well as some daydreams about having parents and a real family- it can come true. And I knew it could come true after it was what the Cullen's taught me. So… that's it then… the fun thing is, this present is a bit late so ActressCeCe's birthday was eleven days ago- instead I managed to get this up on my own birthday which is today. So even though it's a bit late- happy belated birthday ActressCeCe. I hope you had a great day then, and I hope you have a great day now.