needed to fuck. I shook my head and cringed at the thought of throwing my balls in the blender and fucking calling Rosalie, just cause I knew she would get over shit and let me get at her. But the more I thought about it, I didn't want Rose. I wanted the girl with the sexy ass brown eyes. I laid on the couch, watching some TV, and eventually I fell asleep. As soon as my eyes closed, all I saw was the little brown eyed girl. I dreamed of her, all small and fragile, needing me to protect her. She was what Cullen had been talking about, the one girl, who never questioned my shit, loved me unconditionally. What kind of fucking pussy was I turning into? I was dreaming about the girl with the brown eyes. We were hardcore fucking, with her screaming my name and arching her back. Right when I was about to spill my seed inside of her, I was blasted out of sleep by my Blackberry. "Somebody better be motherfucking dying," I hissed into my phone. "Nah, brother, just you if you don't wake the fuck up and start getting ready!" "Damn, Cullen, what the fuck man! I just went to sleep." "The fuck you did, man! It's already eight fucking thirty. Get ya ass up and hurry," he bellowed into the phone. "Aiight man, get off my damn nuts. I'll meet you at the club," I huffed. BPOV I squealed when I got off the phone. I had a job finally after months of looking! I finally had a job as VIP cocktail server at the hottest new club in Jersey, Poseidon's Playground. It was an edgy, urban hip hop club, so wasn't my type of scene but I didn't care. It was money and tips. I decided to share the good news with my best friend, Lauren. "I got a job!" I yelled into the phone. "Seriously, girl? That's awesome! Where are you going to be working and what are you going to be doing?" "It's at that new club, Poisedon. I am going to be cocktail server in the VIP room," I announced to her. "Hey, do you know if they are still hiring? I am going to need a job," she wondered. "Lauren, you're pregnant! You don't need to be in a loud smoky night club. I thought Mike was working now?" I inquired. "He was but, umm, I was skimming money to get stuff for the baby, and the guy he was working for came to collect. I hadn't put the money back yet, so he got pissed. Now Mike has to get the money back tonight or else he is gonna get hurt," she sighed. "Lauren, what was Mike doing?" "It's best if I don't say. If he found out I was even talking to you about it, I would be in trouble," she worried. "Look, if you ever need me, you know I am here. You wanna come to the mall with me? I gotta go pick up some shoes for work," I asked. "Yeah, Angela is gonna come too. She is starting at the Playground tonight too! She is a server, not in the VIP like you through, " Lauren blurted out. "I'll meet you girls at the mall! " I looked around the apartment I had been living in and sighed. It was a beautiful apartment in an upscale neighborhood. I was both sad and glad to have to give it up; after all I was sharing it with my father's best friend's son. When my dad died, he made Jacob promise he would take care of me. Problem was, Jake took the job a little too seriously, and I had grown tired of him checking my texts and emails and scaring away any potential guys that tried to date me. I was ready to be on my own. I was ready to have my own man, my own money, my own life, and sadly that life didn't include Jake. I pulled into the mall parking lot. Angela was in her car, talking on her phone. She waved and blew me a kiss. She had this new boyfriend Tyler, and he took up most of her time. He was always texting and calling her checking on her. I thought it was sweet. The caveman thing had always been a turn on to me. When she was able to pacify him enough to get him off the phone, she waved me over to her new car. "Holy crap, Ange, nice wheels," I smiled at her. "It was a gift from Tyler! He spoils me, I get whatever I want. He is too much, Bella! Every time I turn around, he is buying me something," she said shaking her head. "I am happy for you girl, you deserve it!" "I'm not going to be working at the club…Tyler isn't gonna let me work. He said I don't need too," she said sheepishly. "That's awesome, why are you so sad?" I asked her. "It is just all so much, you know? I never had much growing up and now here I am, with my first ever boyfriend who wipes his ass with twenties like it's no big deal! He gave me a wad of cash to go shopping with you. I just don't know how to handle it," she declared as we walked towards the entrance. "You'll be fine, just know I am fifty kinds of lime green jello! I wish I had a boyfriend like him." "Trust me, Bella. No you don't. I love him, but there are parts of him that I could totally live without" Angela whispered. As we walked towards the shoe store, I realized I was confused by what she meant, but I kept quiet, knowing she'd tell me if she wanted to. I was just happy that Angie was being well taken care of, and I really wanted that for myself too.