breaths loud in the sudden silence. Sadness pulsed like a living thing inside me – not just mine, but Jake's as well – and the combination was crippling. All I could see was the expression he was undoubtedly wearing, as he too stared at his phone; an expression of pain, sadness, and aching loss. And it was all because of me. Guilt rose up thick and fast at the knowledge, and I had to tightly press my lips together to keep in a sob as I buried my head in my hands. I hated this. I hated hurting him, hated it more than hurting myself. This was why I had rules, why we weren't supposed to talk; because all it did was give him – give me – a false sense of hope. We could never be together. I knew that. He knew that. In our minds, we both knew it. But our hearts... they were not so easily persuaded. I barely noticed myself standing up and walking to the bedroom. It didn't register at all that when I collapsed onto my bed, I was still fully dressed. My mind was too busy panicking over the call I never should have accepted, while my heart mourned the absence of Jake's voice. A voice that filled my dreams as I drifted off to sleep. The day passed by in a blur. Most of it I spent sleeping, and when I wasn't sleeping, I was thinking; thinking about things I'd really rather weren't on my mind. And so I spent the rest of the afternoon trying to forget, wandering and moving and talking and above all, not stopping , because it was the only way to distract myself. It was the same routine I had acted out a dozen times before, for exactly the same reason. And it just wasn't working. It hadn't been for a while, though I didn't want to admit it. I couldn't admit it; couldn't admit that Jake was having far more of an impact than I ever could have imagined. And so I refused to give up. I refused to go home, to go back to my empty apartment and sit alone for the rest of the evening. Instead, I curled up on a bench at a nearby park, staring at the black trees and dark lake, soaking up the comforting quietness of the night. That was until my phone rang. I felt my eyebrows furrow in a mixture of confusion and curiosity as I dug into my coat pocket to pull out my mobile. I wasn't expecting a call, and not very many people had this number; I wasn't often surprised. I was however, very surprised, when I saw who was calling. Jake. For a moment, I was stunned. I shouldn't have been, not when I knew he wasn't happy, when I knew he wanted more than one conversation a day. I hadn't been surprised, not really, when he had called this morning; I had felt his want, and part of me had wanted it too. But now… now, I didn't know why he was calling. It was possible there was no reason, but that didn't feel right. He wouldn't just call me up for the sake of it, not when I had told him not to try and contact me. Not when I had told him that I wouldn't even answer. Yet I found myself accepting the call anyway, curiosity a burning fire in my stomach me as I greeted him. 'Jake?' I queried, turning his name into a question. It didn't occur to me that for once, I had been the first to speak. 'Thea.' He replied, his voice smooth and happy. 'What are y–' I started to ask, before changing my mind half way through. 'Why are you calling me?' I asked with confusion. 'We missed our usual nine o'clock call.' He answered, as if that explained everything. It didn't. He seemed to realise that though, because before I could ask him what the hell he was talking about, he was speaking again. 'Well, I know we talked this morning, but you didn't say that I wasn't allowed to call you again for our usual talk. And I would have, but I could feel you sleeping, and I didn't want to wake you up because I knew you were tired. So, I decided I'd call you up at nine tonight instead.' He said, his voice so matter of fact and confident that for a moment I was speechless. But, a few seconds later, after his words finally sunk in, I began to grin. And then I began to laugh. Jake's POV I wasn't sure how I expected Thea to respond to my words. With exasperation, maybe? With sadness? Maybe even not at all? The thought of any of those made me cringe, and I desperately hoped they wouldn't happen. Instead, I hoped for happiness. I hoped for amusement, for pleasure. Part of me even hoped for relief; that deep down, she wanted me to call, to ignore her rules, but that was probably just wishful thinking. But above all, what I really hoped for, really wanted her to do, was answer. And she did. At first she didn't seem happy. At first she seemed simply confused, until I explained why I was calling. And then she laughed. From 140 miles away in Seattle, her laughter rang out pure and joyful to me in La Push. And it was the beautiful sound I'd ever heard. She was happy. But not just happy, but happy that I had called. She was glad to talk to me. She was talking to me, not hanging up as part of me had feared she would. Instead, she was chatting and laughing, and probably smiling too, and I couldn't but smile in return. I was one step closer to getting her back. She was one step closer to being mine. All I had to do was wait. The End.