of his friends. She was also a Med student and wanted to specialize in GI. How Ironic. From the conversation I once had with her she seemed nice but we would see. Jacob never came back that night. He did return the next night after his shift on the lift team at the hospital. That is where we reconnected, at work. He brought me a patient who needed and EKG and blood work done and we recognized each other and started dating soon after. I had to tell him about having Crohn's because of my current hospital stay. He was upset that I kept it from him but said it didn't matter. We would see. "I'm sorry I just left last night. I know you and Edward are still friends and I can accept that, but you just seemed too excited for your friend to be returning." "Jacob…" "No, Bella, let me finish." He took a deep breath and rubbed both hands over his face. "Bella, I know we have only been dating for a few months but I think I am really falling for you. I don't want this to ruin anything between us. I can admit to being jealous of your relationship when we were in High School and ya, that's why I stopped talking to Edward, but now you are my girl not his and I just hope he knows that. I'm not going to tell you that you can't talk to him, but I do want to keep in mind that you have someone who cares about you here." "Oh, Jacob. We are only friends. He is in a relationship with a great girl, I've talked to her. I miss him." I took a deep breath thinking about what else he had to say. I didn't want to hurt his feelings by saying that I wasn't sure if I was falling for him yet or not but I did know that I cared for him more than just friends. "Jacob I care about you a whole lot, and I can easily see myself falling for you, and if you want to keep seeing each other we can revisit this conversation a little later. Now, if I am out of this hell hole by New Years will you please go with me to the Cullen's Party?" "Ya, Bella, I'll go with you." I could see it in his eyes that what I had to say wasn't exactly what he wanted to hear but it was all I could give him now. The next day my doctor decided that I did in fact need surgery and after spending some time in the hospital was released the morning of New Years. I called Esmom and told her what was going on and she suggested that I just stay home and rest, but i refused. I wanted to see Edward. Esmom knew that Edward didn't know about my disease and thought now I should tell him, but I just couldn't. The plan was to show up early and relax on the couch while everyone is showing up. Hopefully with Jacob beside me Edward wouldn't scoop me up like he used to. One could only hope. Jacob and I got there a little early and took up residence on the couch. When Edward got there I could hear his voice before I saw him. When he walked into the room Jacob stood and approached him and said something to him before walking into the other room. Edward came and simply sat down next to me. "Jacob said you just got out of the hospital, said you got really sick. Why didn't you call me?" I could see that he was upset. "Edward, I'm sorry. I didn't want you to worry." I wanted to avoid his eyes so I looked up to the rooms entrance and saw a beautiful women standing watching us. Edward followed my gaze and stood back up walked over to her. I watched as he kissed her cheek and brought her over to me. "Jingle, This is my Alice. She is looking to be a Gastroenterologist. Why don't I go get you too something to drink. Jingle what would you like? Alice, Wine?" "Water for me please." I watched as she nodded at him and turned her gaze to me. "Mrs. Cullen asked for me to ask how you are doing. I couldn't figure out why at first but with what I know about you from Edward I'm guessing you are more than just sick right now. You look much thinner than your photos, your hair is dull, your skin far from healthy, your lips are severely chapped, your nails are brittle and I can smell Iodine and Alcohol on you. I can see you had a PICC line and not an ordinary IV. You know if Edward wasn't so excited to see you he would probably notice all of this as well. So why would Mrs. Cullen ask me to check on you when her husband is an excellent doctor? Could it be because of my specialty? So what is it that you have that you don't want Edward knowing about?" The entire time she spoke I kept my head down and listened. Everything she was saying was correct. I hoped Edward wouldn't notice but I didn't even think about Alice. "You're right. I wasn't just sick. I have Crohn's and had a fistula, they did surgery a week and a half ago. I just got out today." "Why would you keep this from him?" She was looking at me like I was stupid. Maybe I was. "I had a bad experience with a previous boyfriend knowing so I didn't want him know until I was sure when we were dating and then he was moving away from me and I figured we would grow apart and I would never have to tell him. Please don't tell him." "You are so stupid. I won't but you should."