she started to get off but he told her he was going to lead the horse around the yard for awhile then she could get off and he would show her how he rode. Alice rode around on Bella for awhile then got off and let Jasper ride he got on and took the reigns and asked Carlisle to get the truck ready that they needed to go to the track. Carlisle asked if they needed to trailer and he said yes for the way home and that he would ride in the back with Bella. When they got to the track Jasper got Bella out of the trailer then led her to a stall with her name on it. He got her ready to test her speed. Then they went out onto the track and asked Esme to check time and Edward to run with them to check speed. They all got ready and Jasper got on Bella and they want to the starting gates and got locked in. Then Rose released the gated and they started at a fast gallop but not a run. Then they got ready to run and told Edward he said he was ready and told Jasper to try to keep up Jasper just smiled at him and said go they took off running and where keeping up to Edward so far but that was to slow for Bella she told Jasper in his head to let her run he did and she ran a lot faster that Edward he tried to catch up but couldn't but he was close even at top speed when the race was over Esme told Jasper they just broke the record for fastest race horse. Everyone asked where he got the horse and he told them it was from Bella her family owns horses back in Texas. They all believed it and then they asked if they where riding in the trailer he asked Bella and she shook her head no. So they rode slowly back to the house and told the others they would be there in a little bit he had to hunt and Bella needed something to eat so they all left and Jasper went to hunt so Bella are her food and trotted around the pasture. Then she saw another vampire with red eyes she had never seen before. It was looking for something to eat and when it spotted her it saw she was alone and looked like a good snack even if she was in horse form. She hollered as loud as she could then ran towards the other side of the pasture at normal horse speed. He caught up with her then tried to take her down but Jasper came running out of the woods and tackled the other one. When Bella got a good look at who it was she turned into the gypsy vanner that the other one knew he stopped and Jasper saw him stop and look at Bella in a different horse form then he got a good look at who he was fighting and saw it was his brother Peter he got off of him and when Peter went over to Bella he said it's been a long time Bella she phased back and gave Peter a hug. Jasper asked what was going on and Bella told him she and the pack had known peter for a long time he had saved her when she was 3 from the kings. Jasper asked why she ran and Bella explained that Peter had only seen her gypsy vanner form not the other and she just saw the red eyes and new it was bad. Jasper asked if she could be any other type of horse and she told them she could be whatever she wanted even another person. Jasper asked her to prove it she told him to give her a minute and that everything changes hair, cloths, eyes everything she told him she asked him who she should be he told her Emmett so he could prank him. She took a minute and turned into Emmett. Jasper took a minute to look at the clone and asked if she could turn into Bella but make a real clone of Emmett that did what it was told to like if he told it to go the amusement park and destroy a ride it would. She said yes and made the clone then they all went back to the house and took the clone with them. When they got there everyone asked Bella where she had been she told them she was at her house and she saw Jasper on his way here and decided to walk with him. She then said she just saw Emmett outside. They all went outside and said hi to the real Emmett and Bella told the clone to go inside and play the xbox they all stay outside for awhile then went inside where the clone was when they saw another Emmett they thought it was him playing a prank on them. They asked the clone where he came from and he told them the real Emmett's story. When he was done everyone was looking at him like he was crazy. Bella had decided she had gotten bored and made the fake Emmett vanish everyone was confused and looked at each other and asked who did it Carlisle thought about it then new it had to be Bella that did it he didn't say anything but told his family he needed to talk to Bella about what she thinks about the wolf pack and they didn't question it and he asked Jasper to come help plan out a good area for a border and they went to his study and he asked what she did and she explains that she has a power that let's her creat powers and make up new ones. Carlisle was impressed he had never heard of that before.