I could. "Oh, nothing, just wondering what's new in the exciting world of devil worship." I sighed again. You'd think she'd have something new to tease me about one of these days. But no. I looked down at my shirt, at the simple black cloth. Black was safe. The comfort and quiet of a night fallen, clear and calm. The embrace of a blanket, under which no one could get you. I kept my eyes down. English and Calc in, Econ and Spanish out. Zipped up my bag. Closed the locker. "You still don't have a date to the dance, do you? Not even the special kid with the crutches wants to go with you, apparently." I stalked off down the hall. Bitch. The fluorescent lights went pop overhead, blacking out one-by-one. The locker doors rattled. Gusts of cold wind rocketed down the hallway. I shivered and flattened by back against a closet door. "Lauren, Lauren, Lauren." The terrible voice grew louder, echoing in the cacophony. "What the fuck?" she screamed, glaring at me. She ran down the hall, chased by unseen screeching. Edward flashed into view. An electric, sparking black aura surrounded him, bleaching his skin to bone-white. His fists were clenched. His chest heaved. For the first time, he frightened me. Edward looked like a ghost—like a real, haunted-house ghost. A nightmare. Burning green-wood, smokeless, singed my nose. My hair was standing on end. My legs gave out, and I slid down the door. Little zaps of static stung me. The phantasmal black clouds faded with the uneasy electricity in the air. Just as they'd gone out, the lights came back on. I gasped in a ragged breath. Edward turned to me. He knelt a few feet away, his hands on his thighs. "Like I said. Anger helps." He shifted one knee a little closer to me, then the other. The second I inhaled the sweet sarsaparilla, my fear melted away. The warmth of him overcame the chill. "Bella, I'm so sorry." He touched my face—more real and solid and there than ever—and was gone. 12. I raced home with a lump in my throat. The hurt I felt when he vanished was greater than any terror I'd felt the moment before. And then the strangest, giddy pride. A boy defended my honor. I missed him when he was gone. I was happiest when he was there. There was a simple word for that simple feeling, but I refused to utter it. Even in my thoughts. 13. I threw my bedroom door open and called his name. And there he was, standing at my window. "You came," I said. "I'll never stop coming for you." He turned slowly, eyes meeting mine, flicking away, and returning. I walked up to him. He was frozen, still. I swallowed and reached for his hand, unsurprised when my fingers drifted through his. Our matters meshed. Shaky, trembly, I walked back to my bed, and he moved with me. Whether I drew him, or he walked, I didn't know. "Except when you don't." He lay down next to me, his hand still within mine. "When I don't, it's because I can't…I want to be with you." "I want to be with you, too." That word, the one I refused to say to myself, was trying to claw its way up my throat. I couldn't look him in the eyes anymore. Outside the window, a thousand shades of ombré-gray folded upon each other, tumbled down, rushed in front of the early-evening moon. It was barely 4:30, but the sun was setting in the west, and its light was diffused through the clouds. The gray was lit from within. The way Edward was. Words unsaid weighed too heavy. An unbalanced scale, an untenable inequity. Something broke, and I couldn't hold back my thoughts anymore. "Edward…I could be with you, if I was like you. I could…I could die, and be like you." Edward was gone. No flicker, no fade, no blurring-out. Just gone, and I was crushed. I couldn't stop it this time. I sobbed aloud, crying for the boy who could never be. I bundled up in my quilt and let the misery have me. 14. Sarsaparilla. I jolted awake from my fitful doze. My throat was scratchy and my eyes stung. "Watching you cry and being unable to comfort you is the single most horrible experience of my existence, vicariously or firsthand," he said. "Wasn't your emotion strong enough?" I choked through a thick throat. "It was, most certainly…but I was saving it for this moment." His shoulders rose and fell. He looked down at me, his eyes phosphorescent. "I've met a few other ghosts, my…Bella, most just fractures, slivers of energy barely retaining a human form, let alone personality. Definitely none that were so by either choice or premeditation. There is no guarantee that you'd become like me." He brushed my hair behind my ear. His touches were so few, so rare; the innocence—and the finality—of the gesture seemed like a waste to me. "And I can't exist in a world where you don't," he continued. He moved over me, his hand on my cheek, his breath in my soul. "If you ever need holding, just call my name, and I'll be there. But you shouldn't. I'll never stop looking for you, but never look for me. Never look back. Go on, live on. Love." Edward leaned forward. He pressed his lips to mine. Each curve of his skin, sweet and soft and warm. A kiss, quick and chaste. "Love, my love." 15. The next dry Saturday, I wound my way through the headstones to Gran's. At its base sat a piece of rose quartz crystal, glittering pale pink and gold in the weak winter sun. It was in the shape of a rough heart. "Hi, Gran. Hi, Edward." I smiled, tucked the crystal in my bag, and stretched out on my blanket. I opened my copy of Twelfth Night and smiled.