won't matter. "I'll be there at five." The rain isn't exactly heavy, but it's started to drip into my eyes, and I have a three-block walk to the number ten bus. I gesture in that direction, heave my bag onto my shoulder, and start walking away backwards. "Hey." He takes a step toward me, shrugging off his hoodie. "Here. You look cold." Such good instincts, this one. I can practically hear Alice squealing from here. +x+x+x+x+x+ I put in an hour of community service at Evergreen Manor before going to Edward's. My favorite task is bringing the large-type book cart around to all the residents. Mrs. Cope takes a romance novel she's already read twice, so I mark it on the list to get a few more like that. "You young people with your college apps," she says to me. "Such a lot of pressure." I smile and tell her it's not like that, and that coming here relaxes me—which is true. With my record of performance in math, I don't need the service work to beef up my college applications. I just need it. It's less than a mile to Edward's, so I walk. I stop at the 7-Eleven on the way and stuff a couple of cans of wet dog food into the pockets of Edward's hoodie, paying with crumpled singles. As of a week ago, Miss Violet won't touch the dry stuff, and the vet isn't quite sure why. My phone chimes with a text from Alice. Alice: Are you with him? Me: Gonna hang out a bit, yeah. Just left Evergreen. Alice: Heard he has his own basement apt, almost. Me: Maybe. Idk. Alice: Be safe. ;) I don't reply. Alice's imagination gets the best of her sometimes. And sometimes, I don't correct her. +x+x+x+x+x+ Edward does have his own basement apartment, almost. When he introduces me to Carlisle and Esme as a girl from school "here to do homework," he jokes that we'll be down "in the bunker." "Glad to see you're settling in," Carlisle says. He hands Edward a shiny Mylar package. "This came for you from the Volta League. And—leave the bedroom door open." I appreciate his parental eyebrow-raise. It's shorthand for: Homework? On a Friday night? "That's good work," I whisper to Edward, giggling, as we stagger down the stairs. He looks at me sideways, shaking his head. "Lay off of Carlisle. He's keeping me normal, you know?" I do know. I sit cross-legged on the bed. He drops our assignment pack on the comforter next to me and turns the radio on low; the gadget has noise-scrambling properties so we can't be overheard or recorded. "What does he think is in here?" I ask, tapping the package. I assume Carlisle must not know what it is, or he'd never have handed it over so casually. Edward flinches. "Well, he only knows about Volta's above-board operations. He thinks I do quality assurance on the middle school science questions," he says. "And coaching. On top of traveling to meets and stuff." I nod, humming. "Your room is nice." "Thanks." Looking around, I can see that this space isn't proportioned right; it's a good two feet shorter than the length of the hallway would suggest. I find myself scanning the wall behind his bookshelves. "Always measuring." Edward smirks. He can guess what I'm thinking. "I can't believe more people don't notice." I'm constantly calculating figures in my head. Square footage, cubic volume. It keeps my mind calm—just having a grasp of the known elements. One thing math teaches you is to break a problem down into components. Know your constants. Isolate your variables. Don't mistake one for the other. "People don't really look—not the way you do. They see what they expect to see." He runs a fingertip down a seam in the wallpaper, showing me where the wall opens. "And that leads to…" "It's just a way out. This gets me into the woods behind the house." Edward pulls his chair up next to the bed so we can review the strike plan for this weekend. His computer faces the bed. I want something to be on the screen in case Carlisle or Esme decide to check up on us, so I wiggle the mouse to wake it up. I'm instantly sorry. I shield my eyes and turn away. "Ew, Edward. I don't need to see that." "So don't go nosing around." He fiddles with the computer. "So close your browser." "Whatever. It's pretty tame stuff." His ears are pink, despite his calm tone. "Stop pretending you're shocked." "I'm not. I'm just…never mind." I'm not sure what to call this feeling; I almost wish I'd seen something truly vulgar on his screen. Instead, this page full of college girls in white wet T-shirts trips a weird chord in me. It's too innocent, given the things I know he's seen. I need to cover my reaction. I leap to my feet and make a show of scanning Edward's bedspread. "Is this where you—Jesus. Switch places with me." He rolls his eyes and complies. I change the subject, peeling the SecurSeal off of our assignment pack. Breaking the seal makes a very distinctive sound. Surprise registers on Edward's face; even though we've known this was coming, it's strange to hear that sound in the presence of another person. In each other's presence. It's our first joint project. He does this thing where he closes his eyes a fraction of a second longer than it should take to blink. With his eyesight and his memory, it's a way of taking a picture, he's told me. I hope he's thinking that working together might make this whole process easier. More bearable. Something. "All right, Phoenix. Let's get started." +x+x+x+x+x+ AN: Many thanks to beta and pre-readers happymelt, midsouthmama, and faireyfan. My "constants." This is going to be a fairly angsty story with elements of romance, drama, adventure, and a dash of sci-fi. I hope you enjoy it!