my computer. Rock bands were pretty loud and had a lot of drums and electric guitar. I could start with that. I picked a song that I normally would never listen to, but it had to loudest music. I turn the music way too high, leaning back in my chair. The music was a little catchy and I found myself enjoying it in the slightest bit. I clicked through other songs by the same band, enjoying them all. My door opens and Edward walks in. He presses the button on my laptop, turning the volume down. I take my headphones off. "I was listening to that." "So was I." Edward tells me. "Only, I was in the hallway and you were using headphones. Try not to kill your brain cells so fast, will you?" He walks out, closing my door. I put my headphones on again, turning the volume a little higher. It was much lower than before and I wasn't enjoying it as much anymore. I sigh, closing my laptop and putting my headphones down. I leave my room, going downstairs. Dad was making scrambled eggs on the stove and Edward was pulling toast out of the toaster. "Hey guys." I say, opening the fridge. "How early did you wake up today?" Dad asks me. "Six thirty." I tell him, pulling out the milk. "I woke up four times." "Did you take your pills last night?" Edward asks. Dad had given me pills that would help me sleep, only they didn't help. "No. But they don't work anyway." I shrug, pouring some milk into a glass. Edward sits down at the table with his plate of toast. I give him the variety of jams that we had. I sit down next to him. "Where is Mom?" I question, taking a piece of toast from Edward. He doesn't do anything to stop me. I spread some strawberry jam on it. "She left while you were taking your very long shower." Dad tells me. He pours the egg into a plate, coming to sit down with us. I ignore the comment, finishing my toast and milk. "Let's go Edward." I say, standing up. "Hold it, we still have another twenty minutes before we have to leave." Edward says. "Go practice your routines for cheerleading. Rose'll kill you if you don't." "Edward, I am good at cheerleading!" I hiss. Dad gets up, washing his plate. He was about to leave when Edward stopped him. "Dad, after school we are going with Emmett, Bella, Jasper, and Rosalie the library to study. Then we are going to the game together." "Okay. Did your mother know about these plans?" Dad asks. "Yes, I told her a few days ago." I say. "Go ahead then." "Thanks." I go upstairs, grabbing my bag. I grab another bag, throwing in my cheerleading outfit, my sneakers, my hair stuff. I grab my other stuff that I need. I throw it over my shoulder, walking back downstairs. Edward was cleaning up his plates. I put my sneakers on, waiting by the door. Edward comes a few minutes later. "What are you so excited for?" "Let's just go." I say. "Can I drive? I need the practice anyway, I have my driving test in two months." Edward gives me the keys. I go to the garage, getting into the drivers seat. Edward gets in. I start the car. I back out of the garage slowly, driving down the path. As I got to the main road my speed increased. It took us slightly longer to get to school since I was driving. Edward didn't complain a single time. When we get there I park next to Jasper's car. We get out. Jasper and Rosalie were waiting, it didn't seem like Emmett and Bella were here yet. We walk over to them. Edward and Jasper slap each other on the back as I drift over to Rosalie. They talk for a few moments and then Jasper comes over to me, kissing me gently. I knot my fingers with his, holding onto his wrist with my other hand. Emmett's car drives up and he and Bella get out, coming over to us. "Hey." I say. "Morning." Bella grins. We talked for a bit and then went to class. School passed by quickly. After school we hung out in the parking lot talking for a while and then headed to the library in Forks. I finished my homework quickly and replied to what emails I had. By the time we were ready to pack and leave it was six o' clock. We had an hour and fifteen minutes until the game. We head back to the school, the boys going to their locker room to gear up. Rosalie and I went to the girls locker room. I changed into my cheerleading outfit, stuffing my clothes in the bag. I sit down, changing my shoes. "Hey." Rosalie says, coming out of the stall. Her hair was down. She stands in front of the mirror, french braiding it. I tie my hair up into a ponytail, tying the ribbon around it. "Alright girls!" Rosalie yells. "Let's go out there and cheer our boys on!" We all walk outside onto the field. The lights were lit and the stands were filled with people. We go to the edge of the field. Rosalie was smiling widely. "Excited?" I ask. "Oh, you bet!" Rosalie tells me. "C'mon. Let's get this party started." We cheered through the whole time. We won by one point at the end. The entire squad was jumping up and down and cheering. Rosalie and I high fived each other. "Let's go!" Rosalie says. Jasper comes over to me. "See you after you change, okay?" Jasper asks. I smile, nodding. "Great job on the game, by the way." "Never seen a cheerleading so talented and beautiful before!" Jasper says, pushing his sweaty hair out of his eyes. I wave, leaving to go to the locker rooms.