always compared beauty to supermodels, or movie stars of bygone years. Rosalie was by far the closest to the standards of perfection that most people had, so naturally I always compared women to her. Except she was too damn tall; barefoot she was five-five, but she always wore four inch heels, never anything less anywhere she went, so she might as well been five-nine. Therefore, she never made it to my list of ideal women. The moment I received a full frontal of Tanya Denali I developed a new standard of perfection, and that perfect woman was walking my way. Please Buddha, don't let her have Rosalie's personality! That would kill it for me. I put up with a lot of flaws if a person has a nice personality. Katie, for instance; she's overly submissive for my tastes, but she's got a really cute face and a very nice body. It's her eagerness to please me and her carefree attitude that keeps her in my bed even after so long. When Tanya was within ten feet of me I finally registered the fact that I lost a little time fantasizing about holding her wrists in my grasp while I had her trapped against the wall as I plunged my favorite toy into her from behind. Her hair was free and thrashing all over the front of my body as she shook her head screaming my name. "My apologies," she said. "I wasn't aware that I was treading on your territory. Last time I was through here Seattle hadn't been claimed." You can have it , I almost said. "I'm Bella." Her head tilted slightly and her brows twitched. "Bella Swan of the Cullen Family?" "I'm not a Cullen. I left them six months after I was turned." Her head moved in acknowledgement of my status. "My name is Tanya." I nodded. "Denali." Tanya's lips tightened slightly like I'd struck a nerve. "No longer. I've left the family to my sister, Katrina. I'm a nomad now, so the name Tanya will suffice." Her eyes were the color of burned orange, most definitely in transition from vegetarian to human drinker, or the other way around. I suppose her singer took care of that dietary choice not too long ago. Motioning behind me I said. "I have a condo just a few blocks down if you'd like to refresh yourself, a shower, wash your clothes, blood; it's no trouble." Tanya's eyes dropped to my mug. It was sealed fairly well and with the wind blowing she probably didn't pick up on it right away. "You drink human blood in a cup?" I smiled and almost laughed. "It's bagged blood from hospitals, blood drives and the like. I don't hunt humans. I don't spend any more than I used to on human groceries and it's better than drinking animals. I couldn't keep theirs down. Carlisle suggested this as an alternative, and it works." She looked to the right appearing as if she was trying to make a decision and then gave me a perfunctory smile. "I would like to freshen up. I'll take you up on your offer." We walked the first block without any other conversation before she noticed something. "You don't avert your eyes from the humans?" "What?" I said. I normally didn't have to explain myself to anyone, so it took me off guard. "Why bother? It's in vogue to wear odd colored contacts. In the last week I've seen three women with violet eyes, two with fluorescent green, and a guy with white. Red is just another color." She grinned. "Yes, but yours are black with just the barest hint of red. Are you by chance hungry?" Thank Kali I couldn't blush anymore. I'd been caught out thinking about bedding Tanya. The old Bella would have definitely blushed, but she died ten years ago. "Nope." I raised the cup to show that it was empty. "You're just that beautiful and I haven't had a satisfying lover in years. Vampire hormones in action. I just find you really attractive and my mind wanders. Don't worry; I think I can control myself… for a while at least." Amazingly enough, my forwardness didn't seem to discourage her from matching my pace toward the condo. Most people, when introduced to my recent lack of mouth filter, tend to break stride or falter slightly when they realize I'm frankly talking about sex. As I said before, the shy retiring Bella was left in Phoenix along with her hopes and dreams of a normal relationship. Tanya's grin slid away into a mild smirk as she brought her attention around to where she was walking. "You didn't mention my eye color. Should I take it someone called ahead and alerted you that I'd be in the area?" From what I remembered from Carlisle's briefing, Tanya and her sisters were right around the thousand year mark in age. People don't live that long by not being wise and seeing a situation for what it is. "Alice," I replied. "Ever since I left the family, she does this to me on a semi-regular basis." "This?" I nodded. "Sets me up with someone that's from out of town. Either that or just general poking into my personal life. I've told her to keep her visions to herself, but she feels guilty or something about me becoming a vampire, so she pokes with good intentions." "Hmm, so this is Alice's version of a blind date?" Glancing over at her I shrugged. "Don't worry. I won't be throwing myself at you or anything. Well, not for at least another couple of hours." Her gaze drifted down my body and then back up again, only the color was receding and rapidly turning blacker by the second. "That long?" Willpower, it's a thing. Actually, it's a thing that's definitely going to straining at the seams if this flirting keeps up. Ah, well, even Alice has to get it right every once in a while.