if you are. I think we deserve seven hours of sleep again. But I wouldn't say no to a third." " As long as we keep getting to pull Post-Its from that wall, I'm happy." "We have so much more to do, Edward, so I really need you to wake up. I can't do this without you. You promised me fifty years, and I told you that still wouldn't be enough. How the hell do you think ten will do? You have to chase away the boys who try and date our girls. We have a Christmas tree to decorate, you have to pick them up and put that stupid star on the tree. I won't do this without you, Edward. I'm not 35 yet, and you haven't taken me to Italy." I punched the bed next to his arm. "You promised me." " You know we shouldn't be talking to each other. If either of your sisters find out, they'll kill you," I whispered into the phone. " Well it's their fault that it's four in the morning and I can't sleep. I miss you, baby." I could imagine him looking like a petulant child with his lip stuck out. " You'll see me in exactly nine hours, stop being such a baby. Have you written your vows yet, or are you still planning on winging them?" " I have ideas, but they're all too personal. I don't want all these strangers hearing them. Plus everything else I want to say is not church appropriate, so it'll be the generic stuff, sadly." He huffed. "And nine hours? Screw this, I'm breaking into our room. This is beyond ridiculous." I could hear shuffling through the phone. " Edward!" I wasn't sure what impact my whisper-yelling would have on him, seeing as he seemed determined to have his ass handed to him by his sisters. "Edward, don't be stupid, you're not coming here. Tell me about the rejected vows, please, and for the love of God, stay where you are. It's just the two of us right now. Let's hear them." " I don't know. What if you don't like them and your already-cold feet freeze off?" " You do know that I'm only marrying you for your warm feet? I promise I'm not going anywhere." " Gee, thanks. Here goes nothing." He cleared his throat, "Bella Swan, the first time I saw you, you were wearing these tiny shorts, a red bikini top and this floaty white thing to cover you up. I always say the first thing I noticed about you was your beautiful brown eyes. While they were one of the first things I fell in love with, I won't lie and say it wasn't the way you looked in the red bikini that made me stare. We sat and talked for hours that night, and I was captivated by you. You were smart and so passionate about what you were studying. And beautiful, so beautiful. I have loved you every day since then. Even though we fight over stupid things, I promise to never go to bed angry. And I need you to promise me that we won't go more than three of my self-loving shower sessions without having sex when I've done something stupid. I promise to be the best husband I can. I promise that we're going to add to our Post-It wall and complete everything on it together. I couldn't have dreamed of a more perfect girl, and trust me when I was in high school and looked like Napoleon Dynamite, that's all I did. I know I asked for fifty years, but we're both as stubborn as each other and are going to live to 110, driving each other crazy in our electric wheelchairs." I wanted to laugh, to cry. I wanted him to be here next to me so I could kiss him and tell him how much I loved him. " Bella? Are you still there?" I wiped the tear running down my face on my sleeve. "It was beautiful, Edward. I am the luckiest girl in the world to be marrying you. I love you more than words can express. I love that even though you complain about me not wearing socks, you let me warm up the icicles at the end of my legs on you. I can't wait to pull off all those Post-It notes and travel the world and experience it all with you. I love you." " I love you to all the places on our Post-Its and back. You should try and sleep, baby, I don't want to get in trouble on our wedding day for keeping you up all night. Beauty sleep, yada yada yada. Promise me after tonight we'll never be apart this long again. Ever." " I promise, Edward. See you in nine hours. And I love you to all the places we've yet to add on our wall and back." " And I love you, even though you never let me get the last word in." The first rays of light were slowly peeking through the hospital blinds. "You promised me, Edward Cullen, so I need you to wake up." By this time, I felt as if I were speaking to a wall. How many times had I begged and pleaded for him to open his eyes, to move a finger? To do anything? "If you'd stop punching my bed, maybe I'd feel less scared about waking up." Edward's hoarse voice broke through the silence. "You're awake! Oh God. You're awake!" I clasped his hand in both of mine and let the tears fall. My torturous day of silence, of frustration and fake smiles, had finally come to an end. I leaned over and put my head on his shoulder, crying for everything I was so close to losing. "Don't ever scare me like that again, Edward." As the morning light slowly filtered into the room, finally a new day began.