would not want him to hear anguish days before his wedding. He knocked on the door, but being vampires themselves, they had heard him coming and quieted anyway. The library was warm and a fire danced idly in the hearth, throwing shadows carelessly onto the books and furniture in the room. Solely for medical texts, the room bore the most ancient quality of all the rooms in their house. It smelled indescribably old, of parchment and oil and ancient leather, and was home to texts from around the 6th century, right up to yesterday's Lancet. "Good evening Edward," Esme was first to greet him, turning from Carlisle to allow him time to compose himself. In her head, she had suppressed the urge to be annoyed at him for entering but he had seen it there anyway before she was able to quell it. Her mouth quirked in an apologetic smile and she bowed her head, her hand reaching for Carlisle's on his knee. "Tough shift Carlisle?" It was like old times, when it had just been the 3 of them in Ashland, trying to navigate this new triumvirate of immortality. Deep conversations that delved into the night and met the morning, with none of them sleeping through any of it. He had been restless and rebellious, Carlisle had been lost and withdrawn and Esme had been awkwardly between them; loving one as a mother and the other as a wife but unable to show either of them how she felt for fear of not being enough. No, he corrected himself, it was nothing like old times. "Yes," Carlisle answered, but dressing his face with a smile, continued, "How is Isabella?" Carlisle could not abide portmanteaus or the shortening of a given name and struggled to call Bella by the name she liked. Edward smiled at his habit that was so telling of his human reality that was so antiquated now. "Better than she was," he answered, sitting beside Esme on the couch. "I imagine being forced to wear high heels might do that to someone," he looked to his wife, who shared with them an amused smile, "Esme?" "I can't remember," she shook her head, "But for a human, I'm sure it must hurt terribly. Don't the nurses at the hospital complain vociferously regarding their quest for height?" He chuckled then and Edward was glad to hear it, after witnessing his despondency at losing a patient, "They don't include me in these conversations." "Why ever not?" She said dryly, then turned to Edward, "She will be content, she is just nervous." "I know," he smiled to himself, not wishing to reveal what he had shared with Bella and the reason for his sudden sureness, "I know she will be." "I am going to compose my wedding speech tonight," Carlisle volunteered, pointing to the paper that lay half finished on his desk, the wet ink glittering in the fire light. Perhaps for any other son, this might make him afraid of humiliation or mockery, but Edward was deftly aware that this was not Carlisle's style. His style was entirely the opposite. "Nothing too heavy, Carlisle," he said, half-joking. "Do not worry," Esme assured, "It is on my behalf as well, so I will ensure it is not too sentimental." "A nasty accusation," Carlisle murmured, but it was not entirely serious. He reached for Esme's hand and Edward was warmed to see him lift it to his mouth to place a kiss between her knuckles. If she could have blushed, and if Carlisle could have looked more smitten, it would almost have been improper to watch. There was indescribable love dancing in their eyes. They were not asking him to leave but he wanted to anyway. Tonight, Carlisle so evidently needed to close his library door and be with his saviour. People would have said Carlisle was the leader of the family and truly, he was, but behind him was the quiet presence of Esme. She pulled him through those moments where the weight of his eternity pressed onto him and those things that he had witnessed pressed against his eyelids with an intensity which crippled him. And Edward had found that in Bella. Someone to stand at his back, while he reached behind to grasp for her. "Carlisle?" He turned at the door, his hand lingering on the handle as he stalled. "Yes Edward?" That smile was there again – his half smile curling the side of his mouth and pushing his dimples to rise on his cheek. "I'm getting married," he laughed and the sound was crystalline and pure. The couple before him smiled, their marble skin reflecting the light from the fire, casting them in a blaze of glory. He could hear their thoughts. I have never been more proud of you, young Edward. You're making him so proud, darling, thank you. He can rest now. "Thank you," he murmured and for two seconds wished that they could read his thoughts. He could not share them, could not verbalise them, could not show them exactly how they were in his head. So he used his words, words that were simple and uncomplicated. "Thank you very much for letting me be in your life,"he smiled, "Both of you." On the way back down the stairs, he brushed his hand over the cross again. This time he allowed his hands to linger over the grains, feeling the history of his family bleeding from the knots and lines and hardness of the wood. It was something holy. He thought of Carlisle's words just before he turned his back on them in those years where he had been lost; "Even the damned find redemption. Even the damned can find holiness." He had witnessed holiness, dressed in the robes of love and now he had found his. Thank you for reading this story. I would be very grateful if you would review it, particularly as it's my first foray into the the Twilight universe.