timbre. He was closer now that she'd shifted position and she focused on his face, slightly above her and showing a knowing sort of amusement at her obvious lethargy. A slow, deep breath filled her lungs, carrying the scent of parchment, coal tar and fresh linen – similar in ways to Edward's scent but somehow more potent, richer almost. It was both comforting and intoxicating, adding to the almost drunken stupor her body was experiencing and she unconsciously wriggled a little closer. "I'm all partied out I think." She admitted on her exhaled breath, allowing her shoes to slide from her feet and tucking her toes in the crease of the cushion. A few lines marred her brow as she reconsidered her words. "In fact, no more parties, Carlisle. Make it a rule or something. They're bad luck in this house." She declared, reluctantly thinking of her last birthday celebration. "I certainly have no objections; but you can be the one to inform Alice…" he decided, a twitch in his lips revealing his amusement. Bella's own laughter followed, one hand leaving its cocoon to poke him playfully in the chest. "You're just chicken" she accused, feeling both exhilarated and pleased with her deliberate teasing. Her slight smile bloomed into a full grin at the sight of his raised eyebrow, which wavered not a bit when his eyes slowly narrowed in mock threat. " Have care , Miss Swan; I do not abide such aspersions against my good character, nor allow them to pass with impunity, particularly from one so young. 'Twould serve you well to keep your wicked tongue behind your teeth." Bella's eyes widened comically at both the words and the English enunciation that rolled so effortlessly from his tongue. His serious countenance cracked as he took in her expression, the moments passing in silence doing little to negate his growing enjoyment. " I do not think, sir, you have any right to command me, merely because you are older than I, or because you have seen more of the world than I have ..." Brontë flowed easily from her memory but she did not dare attempt the nineteenth century English pronunciation; sitting as she was with someone who had not only lived through such times but who hailed from their very shores. Carlisle's eyes shone in recognition at her borrowed words and the underlying challenge. " If we can only speak to slander our betters, let us hold our tongues ." he replied easily, smiling at the rosy blush which signified both her enjoyment and excitement that he had responded as she wanted and retained his accent of old. He watched her chew her lip for a moment, her eyes pinched in concentration as she searched for a retort. " It is a troublesome thing , Dr. Cullen, this susceptibility to affronts where none are intended!" she finally replied, a hint of victory about her. Though he needed no such pause in which to search his memory, he allowed a few seconds to slip by to increase her suspense. " Oh! That gentleness! How far more potent it is than force !" Bella giggled as she watched Carlisle lift a hand dramatically to his eyes, as though he were equal parts exasperated and defeated. She delivered her parting words with a commiserating look; " If he were insane, however, his was a very cool and collected insanity. " She had barely time to acknowledge his intent or initial motion when suddenly his nimble fingers were fluttering along her sides, the blanket tossing erratically as she wriggled hopelessly amidst her choked laughter. "I give! I give !" she panted between squeals, pushing ineptly at his tickling arms. She puffed with exertion and relief as he drew away, a satisfied grin showing the pearly whites of his teeth. " If I caused the cloud, it was my duty to make an effort to dispel it ." He intoned fondly and with his familiar mid-American brogue, tucking a disturbed wave of silky hair behind her ear. She returned his warm gaze, capturing his retreating hand as she resumed her previous position. She knew he was referring to her earlier upset and shook her head slightly to dispel the idea that he had been its cause. She knew he was doing his best in circumstances out with his control and really he had enough to contend with without her adding to it. "Thanks, Carlisle" she whispered, and knew there was no need to clarify for what she was thankful for. Peacefulness was upon her, despite the events to come in the near future, and she did not fight the sleepiness that once more crawled across her consciousness as the slow minutes passed; instead letting her heavy lids close and pulling their clasped hands a little closer to her chin. Carlisle watched, noting the gentle grasp of long forgotten sleep claim the girl in increments. When her breathing had deepened and muscles relaxed, he carefully extracted his now loosely held hand and again adjusted the blanket to cover her fully. Familiar footsteps sounded on the lower stairwell, slower than they were want to be on an average day when the house was not occupied by half the local high school. Edward had, of course, heard the entirety of their conversation, and his methodical steps towards the study spoke of his satisfaction that all was now well with his mate. As he prepared to vacate his place next to his slumbering daughter-to-be, he whispered the words that rung most true to him in that moment; " I know what it is to live entirely for and with what I love best on earth. I hold myself supremely blest – blest beyond what language can express …" Fin All italicised quotes come from the Bronte sisters; Emily, Anne and Charlotte, and include excerpts from Jane Eyre, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall and Wuthering Heights. Any and all feedback is truly appreciated by this insecure author