all my life—I wasn't this happy when you decided that you loved me more than you wanted to kill me, or the first morning I woke up and you were there waiting for me.… Not when I heard your voice in the ballet studio"—I flinched at the old memory of her close call with a hunting vampire, but she didn't pause—"or when you said, I do" and I realized that, somehow, I get to keep you forever. Those are the happiest memories I have, and this is better than any of it. So just deal with it." I touched the frown line between her eyebrows. "I‟m making you unhappy now. I don't want to do that." "Then don‟t you be unhappy. That's the only thing that's wrong here." My eyes tightened, and then I took a deep breath and nodded. "You're right. The past is past and I can't do anything to change it. There's no sense in letting my mood sour this time for you. I'll do whatever I can to make you happy now." She examined me and I gave her a smile. "Whatever makes me happy?" Her stomach growled at the same time that she asked. "You're hungry," I said quickly. "So, why exactly did you decide to ruin Esme's pillows?" She asked, sitting up and shaking more down from her hair. I had already put on some loose khaki pants and was standing by the door, rumpling my hair. "I don't know if I decided to do anything last night," I muttered. "We're just lucky it was the pillows and not you." I inhaled deeply and then shook my head, to shaking off the dark thought. A very authentic-looking smile spread across my face or at least I tried. She got off the bed and I growled. Her body looked deformed, it had a splatter of marks, from my hands, fingers and palms. I turned away and my hands balled up. "Do I look that hideous?" She asked, working to keep her tone light. My breath caught, but I didn't turn. I was horrified. How the hell did you agree to this? I knew something would go wrong! ,I thought. She left me standing there to go into the bathroom. Calm down. Breath in, Breath out. 10…, 9…, 8…, 7…, 6…, 5…, 4…- She groaned. What? I was at her side at light speed, "Bella?" I asked. "I‟ll never get this all out of my hair!" She pointed to her head, where it looked like a chicken was nesting. I exhaled. I started picking at the feathers. "You would be worried about your hair," I mumbled, but I went to stand behind her, pulling out the feathers much more quickly. "How did you keep from laughing at this? I look ridiculous." Ha! You seriously think I would laugh when your body was imprinted with my fingers? And what was funnier was that I caused them. YOUR HUSBAND! Who swore to protect you? I should have let that mutt kill me when he had a chance. I'm sorry love. "This isn't going to work," She sighed after a minute. "It's all dried in. I'm going to have to try to wash it out." She turned around, wrapping her warm arms around my waist. So beautiful. Must have more! NO! But she's my wife and I am her husband. NO! "Do you want to help me?" YES! The greedy monster within me yelled. "I'd better find some food for you," I said in a quiet voice, and I gently unwound her arms. She sighed as I disappeared, moving too fast. I had to keep her busy so she wouldn't ask me if we could make love again. I prepared her late breakfast and made plans for the day. She came out of the bathroom wearing a white cotton dress that concealed the worst of the violet blotches. She padded off barefoot to where she probably smelled the eggs and bacon and cheddar cheese. I stood in front of the stove sliding her food on a light blue plate that was on the counter. "Here," I said. I turned with a smile on my face and set the plate on a small tiled table. I sat down across from her. "I'm not feeding you often enough." I said. She swallowed and then said, "I was asleep. This is really good, by the way. Impressive for someone who doesn't eat." "Food Network," I said, flashing my favorite crooked smile. "Where did the eggs come from?" "I asked the cleaning crew to stock the kitchen. A first, for this place. I‟ll have to ask them to deal with the feathers.… " I trailed off, his gaze fixed on a space above her head. She didn't respond. She ate everything I made for her. Point 1 for the husband! "Thank you," She told me. She leaned across the table to kiss me. I kissed her back automatically, and then stiffened and leaned away, the urge to make her mine on the counter was too strong. She is hurt because of me, I reminded myself. She gritted her teeth. She didn't like that I pulled I away. "You aren't going to touch me again while we're here, are you?"She accused me. I hesitated, then half-smiled and raised his hand to stroke her cheek. See I can touch you, not in the way, you would like me to touch you. My fingers lingered softly on my skin, and she couldn't help leaning my face into my palm. "You know that's not what I meant." I sighed and dropped my hand. "I know. And you're right." I paused, lifting my chin slightly as if to brace myself against her. And then I spoke again with firm conviction. "I will not make love with you until you've been changed. I will never hurt you again." I guess our honeymoon was over. If there are any mistakes, let me know and I'll fix it. Thanks Lilian :)