a lie to keep me happy?" I asked, my anger rising. How could I not choose the person I was going to spend the rest of my life with? "The circumstances changed, Bella. It's important you don't fight this." My head was spinning, my tears threatening to spill and my anger bubbling. "We had so many opportunities to tell you, but you were so happy at school, seeing the world. No time seemed like the right time, and we're sorry for that." "Wait…what?" I was confused. How long had they known? "Isabella, your marriage was arranged when you were twelve. He's been the choice for nearly six years…we just never thought we'd have to deal with it so soon." They'd known for six years. They knew who I was going to marry for six years. They'd kept it from me for that long, playing along with the notion of me having my own independence, getting to know new people in different countries, the possibilities of finding a guy of my own. They'd chosen already, taken that freedom away from me. "We're sorry, Bella, but it won't be as bad as you think." "As bad as I think?" I yelled. "I have to marry someone I've never met, spend the rest of my life with someone I know nothing about! How could you let me believe I had the freedom to choose? Ma, you listened as I told you about Garrett and Stephen! You encouraged me to go out and meet new people! What was the point if all along I was to come home and be forced into something I don't want?" There had been very few occasions in my adult life when I'd raised my voice to my parents, and it didn't go unnoticed by the stationed bodyguards, nor the workers in the garden. My mother's face was streaked with silent tears, and my father was watching me gravely. The two people I respected most in the world had been lying to me. "I feel cheap. What was it? Did you sell me off to the highest bidder?" I spat. "Bella! How could you think that?" "Maybe because you've lied to me for most of my life? You've sold my future to the highest bidder, took the one thing I had left in my life to choose for myself! I didn't choose to be born here or brought up the way I did! I didn't argue when you packed me off to Switzerland at eleven, or complain when I had to spend my holidays learning about our family and its history. You led me to believe I'd be able to choose who I spent the rest of my life with, and I actually looked forward to it! I always knew it might not be with the person I wanted, but there was always a possibility that we'd love each other as much as you do…now, I don't even have that…" I felt tired suddenly. My tears were dripping from my chin, and I knew I'd made a scene. Wiping them with the back of my hand, noting that my mascara had run too, I turned to leave, needing to be anywhere but with them. "Isabella…" My father's voice was old, tired and rough from emotion, and it stopped me in my tracks. "Forgive me, sire, but I need to be alone." I heard his slow intake of breath and knew I'd hurt him. I only ever called him by his title in public or in interviews, never at home. However, I needed that separation. I was halfway to the door when my mother's voice interrupted me. "Isabella, don't you want to know who he is?" She didn't sound smug, but tired like my father. She knew I wasn't okay and was cautious in asking. I guessed I'd have to know eventually. Maybe when I walked down the aisle and had to say his name in front of millions of people. "What does it matter, Ma? It's not like it's going to change," I replied resignedly, before entering the cool shade of the house. I nearly ran into someone coming out into the grand hall, but I ignored them, mumbled a small sorry, and continued towards the marble staircase. It didn't occur to me that they weren't dressed in palace uniform and that there shouldn't have been anyone other than immediate family in the palace. It seemed to take twice as long to get back to my room as it did to come out of it. I passed maidsthat all stood with their backs to the wall and let me pass, but I didn't acknowledge any of them as I usually would. I drew the curtains in my room, and crawled in beside the largest teddy on my floor, snuggling amongst them all like I used to do when I was little and scared of the thunder outside. Choosing my favourite from the pile – a giant pea – the irony was not lost on me. I cuddled in and shut my eyes, trying to shut the world around me out. I didn't stop the tears as they tracked down my cheeks, nor did I answer my phone when it rang. Even when the light outside faded and the moon made an appearance, I stayed curled in my safe place and ignored the rest of the palace as it went about its business. No one else's life had been turned upside down. For everyone else, the sun went down with the same old problems as it had rose with. Author's Chapter End Notes: Soooo, what do we think? This fic wont be too long, but it wont be like five chapters either :) Somewhere in the middle should do it :P Anyways, leave me a wee review if you so wish, if not I'll see you next time! You can follow me on twitter at SarahhhhhhhJane or subscribe to my blog for teasers and goss at . :D Sarah x