both in. "This is so fucking unfair, Makenna," I sob, referring to both my situation and Irina's. In an uncharacteristic move, Makenna sits next to me, holding me in a tight embrace. "It's okay, Angela. It's going to be okay." "I didn't want them to die," I say between hiccups. "All I wanted was the best for them and they both died." "Ben and Irina?" she inquires, knowingly. "Yeah," I sniffle. "Ben had so much potential, Makenna. We had just been accepted at Julliard. And Irina? She was on her way to being a prima ballerina." "I know, but as I've told you before, nobody can control fate, Ange." I remain silent, allowing her to comfort me as if I were a child, yet I'm not embarrassed because it's exactly what I need. "Have you ever heard about the Serenity Prayer?" Makenna asks, as she breaks the silence. "I think have." "Well, it goes like this," she begins, "' God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change; courage to change the things I can; and wisdom to know the difference .' I think it's time that you memorize it." "Was I supposed to learn it before?" "Yes, a long time ago," she chuckles lightly, releasing me from her embrace as she looks at me. "But you weren't ready then. As it is now, you're just at the beginning of a full recovery, and I can't tell you how proud I am of how far you've come." "Thanks," I mumble, looking down at my lap while I wipe my tears. "You don't have anything to thank me for, Angela. I know that this is my job, but it's something that I'm happy to do. Now," she says, standing up, "let's get you a new journal." =][= The following weeks pass by quickly, and I'm soon at the end of my treatment. Many things have happened during these past weeks—some are good while others are not. One of the good things has been the new relationship that I've developed with Jake. He made good on his word when he said that he'd be returning to the center even after Bella left, coming to visit me almost every weekend. He's been here alone sometimes, but he's usually accompanied by Edward—who also spends time with Jess. Those two think that they're fooling everyone, but they're only fooling themselves. Yeah, their mutual attraction is so obvious that even Makenna teased Jess about it once. Edward and Jess keep to themselves most of the time when he comes to visit her, but once in awhile they'll hang out with Leah and us. Bella comes to visit her as well, and right now, they're steadier than ever, already planning to move in together when Leah is discharged. We all presumed that Leah would be leaving the clinic quickly, but it turns out that she had lots of things to work through, and Makenna hasn't given her the green light to do so yet. What's one of the bad things that happened? Rosalie's meltdown—it's probably the worst thing to happen besides Lauren's relapse. Yeah, Lauren had finally completed her required treatment and left the clinic, only to be back in a couple of weeks. Things with her have been so bad that Makenna didn't allow her to return to our bungalow, choosing instead to send her to a correctional reception center. Meanwhile, Rosalie was admitted to a mental health institute after she attacked one of the male aides at the clinic. It was decided then that she wasn't apt to continue staying with us, so they referred her there. Focusing on the positive, though, Jess and I will also be moving in together. We've already discussed that we'll be both be attending U-Dub in the fall, so my parents are going to pitch in with the rent for a small apartment. They both want us to focus on our studies, so they don't want us to work while we go to school. As for Jess's parents, they're a whole other matter. They still haven't been here to visit to visit her even once. Yet it doesn't matter, for Jess has decided that they'll no longer be a part of her life. I never would have imagined that she'd take that decision, but I am proud of her for standing up for herself. These are the changes that we've made while being here, and they're changes that we never knew would happen so soon. Because when you think about time, you usually think about it in large expanses. During that expanse, change is most likely to take place, yet when it happens in less time, it is absolutely unforeseen. If someone would have told me three months ago that I would be leaving New Horizons with a new outlook on life, a new best friend—and possibly a new boyfriend—I would never have believed them. But that is what's going to happen. Jess and I have become great friends, and we're going to start a new life—one that's free of self-inflicted anguish. Now I know that I was wrong when I thought that Makenna had no idea what she was doing when I was admitted at the clinic. I completely underestimated her then, because, somehow, she was aware that the bond created between Jess and I was exactly what we both needed. Spending our time together had its effect; we confided our biggest fears to each other, and helped overcome them along with Makenna's help. The other girls at the center helped in their own way, too. They showed me that it's okay to be a little broken, and that there is no right or wrong way to do things, but the most important they thought me is that we have to love ourselves above anything and anyone else. I came in here hopeless, thinking that there was nothing that could help me, but I was truly wrong. I came in here and found love—true love.