fabric store. I didn't know if I'd buy anything but I knew for sure I wanted to see the new stuff. There was some floral, multi colored tulle. I knew I had to have it, so I bought some, along with the mother of pearl buttons I'd been spying. People waved to me with strange looks in their eyes. Yup, Mike's rumor is in heavy rotation. It was lunchtime and i was hungry, so I decided to go to The Hut. I haven't been this week and I could really use some of Tanya's bbq bologna and extra special baked beans. I took the little trail that led to the hut. I got to walk under the trees, they shielded me from the sun I also got to walk over the pond where a few people were fishing. When I got there it was only a little crowded because it was the start of lunchtime, so it wasn't packed yet. I went in and took my usual seat. Heidi came to my table. "Girl, have you heard wh..." "Yes, I've heard. It's not true, I just told that to Mike to get him off my back." "I figured as much. You having your usual?" "Yeah." "Alright. It'll be out in a minute." I played with the salt and pepper shakers, making them dance in circles around each other. I ignored the stares and whispers. I couldn't ignore my grumbling stomach though. Walking in the heat takes something out of your, truly. "Girl you sure know how to kick up the talk," said Tanya. "Hey Tanya, you know me...trouble starter." She laughed and then hugged me. I guess you could say I look up to Tanya. I come to eat here a few times a week and we talk. She doesn't exactly remind me of my sister, however, I can talk to her as easily as I could talk to Martha. "Well I do understand, nobody wants to date a boy with the IQ of a sack of rocks." She took her phone out and she looked at it. "Shit, he's got perfect timing, lunch crowd is starting to pour in and everything... Alice, can I ask a favor of you?" "Um...sure." "My little brother claims he's starving at my house and I don't wanna leave since it's about to get busy. Could you be a dear and take him a plate? You can eat with him too. He needs the interaction." "Gimme a piece of that silk pie and I'll consider it." "Done." "Okay." She got my food and my pie, and his plate, then I headed towards her house. It was huge and beautiful. It's one of the oldest houses in the county. It's been in a few magazines and won some competitions, at least when her grandmother was alive it did. I don't think Tanya is into that stuff, though. When I got there I opened the unlocked door and I walked through to the living room where I heard the television. He was sitting on the couch. His leg was in a cast and propped up on a footstool. His hair was the color of honey and it was wild and stringy about his head. He looked angry. For the first time in my life I Didn't know what to say... I guess I was stunned. I didn't expect him to be handsome. I mean, Tanya doesn't talk about him much, so I didn't know how old he was. I was expecting a twelve year old not a, hell, how old he? He turned to look at me and he jumped, hard. "What the..who the hell are you," he asked. "What do you want?" "I'm Alice and I'm here to bring your food and your sister asked me to eat with you." "What? Oh... I should've known. I don't need your company, thanks but no thanks, Anna." "It's Alice, and I'm eating here whether you like it or not. I gave up my table to bring you this plate and by now it's gone. So just get ready, you've got company today sugar." He rolled his eyes and started to eat, trying his best to ignore me. I talked about everything I could think of just to get on his nerves. I knew I was really grinding on his nerves with my talk about the buttons I bought today. Sometimes I really can be cruel. Finally he put the food down and he looked at me. "Please stop... if I hear one my syllable about mother of pearl buttons, I'm going to hit you in the head with my crutches." "You could try," I said with a chuckle. He chuckled too, though if you weren't paying close attention you'd think it was a cough. "What's your name," I asked. "Jasper..." "Jasper. Okay. Are you just here for the summer?" "No... I'm here forever actually. I start Forks High in August." "Poor unfortunate soul. Where are you from?" "Texas." "Oh. How old are you?" "Sixteen." "Why are you here now?" "What is this? 21 questions?" "Yup... it is." "Well why are you so incredibly annoying?" "For the same reason you're sitting up looking like a wet cat. Besides, you'll need to know somebody in this town besides your sister, if you want to have any kind of life." "What kind of life can I have here?" "Well... there's not a lot to do, but the little we do have is alright." He chuckled and sat back, finished with his food. I had only gotten halfway through mine. I didn't even want to finish it for some reason, so I closed the styrofoam carryout container and I drank down the rest of my coke. Afterwards I got up. "Where are you going, I thought you were supposed to keep me company," he asked with sarcasm peppered throughout his voice. "She said I had to eat with you and keep you company and I'm done eating." "Well...bye Alice." "Bye Jasper."