a long time, then. I tried to think of a pretext to talk to you, but you seemed to be running away from me every time I came near you. When you actually came to the party, I was so excited, but I didn't want to scare you away." He squeezed her hand. "I almost died when you tried to fix me up with Jessica. I've never been so frustrated in my entire life. Jasper was laughing at me because he knew very well how much I'd been obsessing about you. I could gladly have killed him when he walked off with you and left me alone with Jessica." Bella felt her mouth going dry and goose-bumps rising all over her arms. "Wait, what are you saying, Edward? Have you been interested in me this whole time? Why didn't you tell me?" He swallowed. "Well, you see, it was true what I told you. Rosalie and me, we were … incompatible I guess you could say. It pretty much turned me off sex for a while, so when coach started griping about girls being too much of a distraction, I kind of went with that idea." He looked at her through his dark lashes, and Bella couldn't believe that someone as desirable as he was could be 'turned off sex'. Edward was walking sex incarnate. She blushed, thankful she'd never spoken those particular words out loud. "So, between me deciding not to date and you seeming to be scared shitless every time I came near you, I decided it would be a smart thing to get to know you as a friend first. You know, pull dating off the table to make sure I wasn't freaking you out. Only … it's been really hard these past few weeks, being around you and not being able to do anything about it." Edward scooted a few inches closer to her on the couch and reached out to twist a strand of soft dark hair around his finger. Bella felt mesmerized, unable to move. "So, now, with everything that's happened with Jasper, it's made me realize that I need to be more honest with you and everyone I care about. I care about you, Bella. A lot. Do you think it's possible that you would consider going out with me?" When Bella remained quiet, Edward quickly continued. "That is, theoretically speaking of course. You don't have to say yes or no to a date tonight. I just couldn't go to bed before telling you how I feel. I couldn't bear it if I lost you and you didn't even know what you meant to me." Bella felt as if the whole room was gently revolving around her, and maybe that small, tilting movement was what pushed her against Edward so that she slowly put her hand against his chest and leaned into him, kissing him. It was the softest, sweetest of kisses, just petal soft lips moving gently against each other. Not even when Edward grasped her and pulled her into his arms did it become anything but soft and needy. Butterfly kisses, touching, lingering, then lifting over lips and cheeks and eyes. Hammering heartbeats. Hands that tangled into hair and fumbled for purchase against melting bodies, trying to find a hold on a world that was quickly slipping away. Bella had never made out on a couch before, and it was heavenly. When she finally lifted her head from Edward's, he was lying on his back on the couch, still in his jacket, and she was sprawled on top of him, still in her rumpled kids' pajamas. They were both breathing heavily, and Bella's lips felt swollen and tender. The sweet taste of Edward's tongue was in her mouth, and she couldn't wait to taste it again. "Wow." Edward's voice was hoarse, and he pulled Bella's head down to lie nestled beneath his chin. "I mean … just wow. Is that a yes, then?" "I'm sorry," Bella whispered, suddenly unsure. "Maybe I shouldn't …" she tried to wriggle into an upright position, but Edward's strong arms firmly refused to let go. "Don't move. Everything's fine, Bella. Better than fine, actually." He kissed the top of her head, then gently sat up and swung his legs off the couch so that she was sitting on his lap. She wriggled a little, almost sure she could feel his erection, and got rewarded with a little "Hmpfh!" from Edward as he moved her off of him. "Okay, I think I'm putting dating back on the table, Bella, and that's official." There was laughter in his voice, and there was no way she could feel embarrassed with his arms around her and his boy fragrance all over her hands and face. "So, what happens now?" she whispered sleepily, the immense weight of the day and night's events finally hitting her hard. Edward's voice was a warm lull in her ear, silky and sweet. "Now, Miss Swan, I'm going to carry you back to your bed, if you can't walk on your own two feet, and then we're both going to sleep. Tomorrow, we'll see how Jasper is doing and if he wants to see us, and then we'll take it from there. But I'm telling you right now, Bella: before Christmas break, I'm going to take you out on at least one decent date. And Jessica can't come." That night, as Bella felt sleep envelop her, it struck her suddenly how strangely light she felt. All her life, she'd been struggling with the feeling of just barely holding the darkness at bay because it was her duty not to give in to it like her mother did. Now, for the first time, in the middle of sadness and worry, she felt absolutely sure that nothing could ever stop the sun from rising in the morning. Because tonight she knew that Edward Cullen would be there to pull away the curtains and make her see the light.