it won't even be necessary." "You're trying to kill me. I know you are." He twists my face to him and kisses me slow and soft. His touch is gentle as he caresses my side, and it makes my chest tighten. I love this man more than I've ever loved anyone in my life, and I want to be his everything, forever. "No way. You're not getting rid of me that easy. I'm not letting you go." "It's a good thing I don't plan on going anywhere then." "Yeah?" I smile. "Yeah. Not ever." My throat constricts from the way he's looking at me, and I see everything he's not saying out loud. I hope he sees the same reflected back in my eyes. "You'll tell me to stop if it hurts, right?" "Of course," I promise. He tears the wrapper off the condom and rolls it on his dick. I watch with rapt attention as he strokes himself, then pops the lid off the lube. He kisses my shoulder, then pushes me toward the bed. "Drop back to your elbows. I want you spread wide when I push my dick in your ass." I whimper and prop my head on my fisted hands. I jump when he slides his thumb between my cheeks and spreads the cool lube. The head of his dick presses against me, and the pressure is nothing like the plug or his thumb. But it's a good pressure. It's a fucking spectacular pressure, until the head pushes all the way inside. I tense and try to pull away, but his hands on my hips hold me still. "Relax, baby. I'll go slow." I nod and relax my muscles. He leans forward and braces himself on one arm behind me while his other hand moves to my pussy. He spreads me open and circles his middle finger around my clit. I moan and relax further into him. "That's it, baby. Trust me." He pushes a finger inside of me, and his hips move forward a bit. The head of his dick is completely inside of me now, and the way he's stretching me burns. He pulls back and pushes forward again, this time deeper. It hurts, and I want to ask him to stop, but instead I breathe through my nose and focus on his fingers teasing my clit. "You okay?" His voice is strained and low, and I know the pace is killing him. "Yeah. I'm okay." "I'm going to push in deeper. Tell me to stop if it's too much." He kisses between my shoulder blades and swirls his tongue over my skin. It causes my eyes fall shut and a sigh to leave my lips. Inch by inch he moves forward until his hips are flush, and I feel fuller than I ever have. It still burns, but the longer he holds still and fucks me with his fingers, the more I want him to move. I shift and push against him, causing both of us to gasp. "Can I move?" "God, yes. Please." "Thank fuck," he exhales. He pushes until he's kneeling behind me again and grips my hips. "I want to watch my dick move in and out of you." He pulls almost all the way out then pushes back in. My teeth grit to keep from tensing, but the feeling is quickly giving way, and I want more. I push against him when he's fully inside and relax further. "Oh, fuck. Yeah, baby, that's it." He keeps one hand on my hip and moves the other back to my clit. "I'm not going to last. It's too fucking tight. You feel so good. Can you come again? I understand if you can't, but I―you're so tight," he groans again. He starts fucking me faster, his dick filling me in a way that makes the room spin and my mouth dry. There's pain, but it's like no other pain I've ever felt, and I can't get enough. "Move your hand. Let me do it. Grab my hips and fuck me like you want. Fuck me hard." His hands shake as he grips my hips. I keep myself propped on one arm and reach between my legs. I'm so close, my pussy is swollen, and my clit is firm and aching. I close my eyes as he slams into me and slide my come slickened fingers in circles over my clit. I feel the muscles in my stomach winding tighter, and it causes me to tighten the walls surrounding Edward's dick. "Oh, fuck. Oh, God. Bella―" I'm coming before he finishes my name, and then I feel him pulsing inside of me as his body spasms with each wave of his orgasm. I collapse on the bed and he falls with me. We're sweating, panting, and I'm on the verge of falling into an orgasam coma. I blink at the clock and smile. It's one minute until midnight. It's still his birthday. "Happy birthday, baby." He lifts his head from my back and chuckles before moving off me to discard the condom. Crawling back into bed he pulls me against his chest, kisses the top of my head, and sighs. "Best fucking birthday ever." A/N I'm sure you're wondering WTF this is. Well, in a nutshell, it's buttsecks. Why did I write it? Well other than the buttsecks, I wrote it because Ooza and I are hosting a contest. It's called the Let's Do Anal Anon Contest and it's basically where one or both participants experience anal for the first time. Lots of people requested (the dirty h00rs) that one of the judges write an inspiration piece. Welp, here you go. This is my first time writing buttsecks. Now none of you have any excuses. WE WANT YOUR WORDS! ALL YOUR DIRTY WORDS! More info can be found at letsdoanalcont and letsdoanal dot blogspot dot com. Thanks to Ooza for beta'ing and Joo and Kel for prereading. Hope you enjoyed it! Liv