nearer where she sits in the centre of the floor. "You will have so many questions," he says softly, "And I can attempt to answer them all -" "Do you remember when you tended to me?" Shock flutters across his face, chased by his disarming smile a moment later. He was obviously not expecting this to be her first question but he seems amused that it is. He folds his arms around his legs, pulling them up to his chin to mimic her pose. "Yes...very well," he answers. She tilts her head to the side and tries to pull back the curtain of fog, which hangs like dense velvet, across her memory. She knows him and yet the memory is blurry and undefined, as if she is staring at it through smeared glass. She had fallen from a tree. Her favourite cotton dress, which she had outgrown so suddenly that summer, had been torn as she fell. Her dress had been torn but her leg had snapped, as he eloquently described it, 'quite neatly.' Her hand slips onto her knee, which still grows sore on cold days, and she realises it does not ache any more even though she had knelt on it and sat like that for a while. His eyes are following her as she does this. He seems amused, his eye brow arching over his left eye quizzically. "Quite neatly," she repeats in a half-whisper, almost forgetting his presence as the image regains focus and sharpens as those nickelodeons do at the pier. It grows brighter and stronger in her mind and becomes a full image, coloured honey and pale tones. Tinged with cold hands and touches that were forcefully gentle. "Edward has said your memories are vivid," he says softly, despondently, "But with time they fade." She delights in that promise and her hope is renewed. She will forget it in time, the brutalising, the threats, the agony at his hands. She will forget her child. Can she bare to forget her child? A little sob retches from her mouth but she swallows it before it is realised. Perhaps this is not hell, perhaps it is heaven. But who, in taking their own life, is rewarded heaven? "Esme," he whispers, turning his face to meet hers, "I hope you will forgive me. I could not let you die, so young...so broken. I remembered you so very vividly." "I don't understand," she says, "I am not dead?" "There is no way to explain it without it being unbelievable," he answer solemnly, "I was not as tactful in my approach with my companion, Edward. I wonder, do you think me changed since we last met?" It was true, as she stared upon his face, that he had changed. Yet she only noticed it in her heightened state. His skin glistened more than it had, and there were tiny fine lines around his eyes when he frowned. But to her human memory he was unchanged, untouched by the decade that had stretched between then and now. "No," she shakes her head, "You have and you have not changed." "No, not to your human memories at least. You see me better now because now you are like me." He looks at her, his eyes soft gold. She wishes to say that she sees him better and still she is dumbfounded by his unearthly beauty. "And what are you?" She already knows as she asks. She knows the answer; the lust for blood, the unnecessary breaths, her newly found flight, have already told her what she is. She has known, really, since the moment she awoke. She imagines that this was instinct too. "An immortal," he confirms, "A vampire." She simply tilts her head forward once to show she understands. "You are unchanged," she whispers, "Because you cannot change. I will wake up from this dream soon, won't I?" "No," he shakes his head, "This is not a dream. I changed you Esme, to be as I am and as Edward is. You are immortal, an immortal who thirsts for blood and will be faced with innumerable challenges. However it can be so much more than that." He sounds earnest and pleading, as if he is looking for her approval. His eyes search her face, awaiting her answer. She considers the gravity of what he says as if it is a trifle. In this hell, or heaven, or dream, whatever it may actually be, there is no pain. And he is here. Even if it is not real it is certainly better than before. If this is death, then death is welcome more now than it ever was. "Will you show me?" "Yes," he says gently, with the reverence of a vow, "Yes of course." At that moment the door opens again, and the boy re-enters. He looks very like the doctor, now she has had the time to focus properly. He has the same diamond-dusted marble skin, the same topaz eyes, the same gleaming teeth and lips that are too pink. She looks up at him. "Esme," the doctor motions towards him, "This is my companion and friend Edward." "Hello Esme," the boy called Edward tips his head to the side and offers her a wide, genuine grin, "Welcome to our home." The doctor stands to rise, and his shoulders are pushed back to reveal his full height. Beside his companion he is shorter, but still a tremendous height in comparison to her. He wraps an arm around his companion's neck and they both look down on her. "Yes, Esme. Welcome to our home. Your home...if you will allow us to be so presumptive." She thought at first they were devils but how clearly now she sees they are angels. She smiles, her mouth curling beautifully along her jaw. A brave new world. " O, wonder! How many goodly creatures are there here! How beauteous mankind is! O brave new world, That has such people in't!" The Tempest William Shakespeare