stand angled to the side of him. He wasn't looking at it though. He was looking at her. "I thought you might have plans." "I never have plans." Bella admitted, staring at her hands. His eyes were burning her. But it felt nice. It felt like a better version of the warm, carbonated drink curling across her insides. "Well," Jacob said, easily. "We'll just have to change that." "What?" "Quil and Embry, my friends, they're stopping over today to look at the bikes. I didn't tell them you brought them, of course, but Embry's really good with bikes and he's been just annoying me to death to come see them." Jacob looked up from the part he was fiddling with in his hands. "If you don't mind, because I can send them away." "No, I don't mind." But Bella did mind. Selfish Bella did anyway. She wanted his attention. She wanted his smiles. And she knew that if his friends came, he would forget about her. She would get left behind. She was so tired of being forgotten. She was so tired of not being able to keep up. Jacob gave her a searching look, like he knew what she was thinking. Bella ducked her head and started picking at the skin around her fingernails. Jacob started up his steady stream of chatter and her responses were automatic, unlike the last few days where she had been able to give him something back. It had only been a few minutes when there were obvious signs of someone or someones coming through the tree line. Jacob looked at her briefly, straight into her eyes, and something about his expression relaxed some of the trembling that had begun in her lower legs. "Jake?" An unfamiliar voice called. "In the garage." Quil and Embry were not what Bella had expected. They marched into the garage, very much like they owned it and it was their special space too, not just Jacob and Bella's. She half-resented them. However, when they saw her and introduced themselves, she found it very hard to resist them. They reminded her too much of Jacob, in a warm fuzzy way. Like coke. "I'm Quil." He purposely flexed his bicep as he shook her hand and she felt something pull at her throat. For a second, she almost felt like she would throw up on his feet. But then she realized that she had giggled. A small, little burst of hope had escaped her throat. Quil looked pleased. Jacob watched her, his eyes warm and wonderful. "Hi, um, I'm Embry." He ducked his head and after he shook her hand, he shoved in harshly into the pocket of his jeans. She liked him. She liked the soft blush that took over his russet colored skin. It reminded her of herself. Before she was damaged. "I'm – my name is Bella." She said, somehow wanting them to know who she was. She wanted them to remember her name. The same way she had wanted Jacob to remember her name. But in a different way. She didn't understand herself. "We know." Quil chuckled. "Jake never shuts up about you." Jacob reached over and cuffed his friend on the back of his head, looking slightly angry. But she saw the teasing beneath the set of his lips. It made her feel nice that Jacob talked about her. Wanted his friends to know about her. She smiled. Jacob smiled back. Quil and Embry settled in. Quil sprawled out on the couch next to Bella, all arms and legs. Embry found a place on the floor, crouched over the red motorbike. "That one is mine." She found herself telling Embry. He looked up at her, all eyes and ears, and gave her this look that wasn't mockery or disgust, but friendly and open. Quil shifted on the couch, the smallest amount. Closer to her. Jacob's eyes were lighter as he looked at her and he reached out a hand and patted her calf, his skin warm against the denim. She felt, for the first time in a long time, like she belonged. Hi, I think "Hi" is an excellent way to start a letter. I'm not quite sure what I'm doing either. And I'm not a proficient conversationalist, believe me. My friends, well, they're really loud and most of the time I'm not really needed. At least my voice, I mean. I think everyone wants to be told want to do, sometimes. Especially in situations where they are uncomfortable or don't have the experience to deal with it. It's not a bad thing to want advice. But I think it'd be better to know what you want and what you would do and why you want it and why you would do it before you ask for the advice. That was a really long sentence. My mom's a single mother, too. She sounds like the opposite of yours though. She's kind of a control freak. I wish a lot of times that she would just give me room to breathe. I know that she's just worried. She wants me to make better decisions than she did. I never knew my father, but when I was a kid I always pretended that he was like a superhero or something. Stupid, I know. But a part of me still wants to believe it. It's better than the whole jackass who abandoned my pregnant mom story, anyways. You're a girl, right? Well, I'm not very good a talking to girls. My friend, he's got this friend that's a girl and he's very attached to her. She just came out of a really bad break up though and I think he shouldn't push it, but he doesn't listen to me. What do you think? I think these letters are for rants, actually. And if they aren't, let's make them. I am officially the person you can rant all your troubles too. I mean, if you want. Bye, I guess