asked. "I can't stay here, my son. Not without your father." Ward looked out over the slate-gray waves. "Will you return?" Bella had convinced Edward that they needed to tell the children what she was as they neared the end of Edward's life and now she was glad they had. "Of course," she told him. She took a key from her chatelaine and unlocked the box. Inside was a dark brown seal pelt, shiny and supple. She hadn't touched it in over forty years, not since she had given it to Edward. Tears sprang to her eyes as she lifted it out and felt its familiar warm, heavy weight in her hands. "Pray, do not stay away for long," Ward said. "Father told me how your kind loses track of time easily. I should hate it if I was too old and dotty to recognize you when you finally returned." She smiled at him, even as the tears coursed over her softly wrinkled cheeks. "Tell your sisters that I love them. I – I could not bear to say farewell to them in person. They would have begged me to stay and it would have broken my heart to refuse them." "Go with God, mother," Ward said. He kissed both of her cheeks and then gave her a hard hug. He turned and walked quickly up the path toward the Dower House. Bella watched him go until he disappeared. She wiped away the last of her tears and then began to strip as she walked toward the water, dropping the garments on the sand behind her. And as her clothes fell away, so did the signs of age. Her skin smoothed and became rosy. The silver faded from her hair and it thickened to a dark brown spill that reached the small of her back. It was all she wore as she reached the water line and slipped into her pelt, feeling the warm magic of her kind transform her body. She glanced back toward her life as the Duchess of Cullen one last time and then slipped into the waves. Notes : 1 Robert Deveraux, Earl of Essex was the stepson of Robert Dudley, Earl of Leicester. (In The Selkie Wife, Dudley was the man who sent the poem to Bess in the Tower.) He was assigned to put down a rebellion in Ireland and entered into an unauthorized treaty with the rebel leader. Hearing that the Queen was furious, he abandoned his army and rushed back to London. He barged into the Queen's chambers before she was dressed one morning, which embarrassed and angered the Queen and afterward, he said some cruel things about her appearance. He was stripped of his income and placed under house arrest. He gathered forces and marched on London, intending to use force to make the Queen give him an audience, but the people of London did not rise up to support him and he was quickly captured. Some say it broke Bess's heart to sign his death warrant, but she had no choice. 2 There are two versions of this story. One version gives the ring as being the portrait ring, known as the Chequers ring after the house where it is stored. The other story is far sadder. Supposedly, Elizabeth had once given Essex a ring with the promise that if he ever returned it to her, she would grant him any request. The story goes that Essex dropped the ring out of a window in the Tower to a little boy and told him to take it to one of the Queen's ladies. The boy delivered it to the wrong woman, one of Essex's enemies, who hid the ring instead of giving it to the Queen. On her deathbed, long after his execution, the woman confessed to the Queen what she had done. Elizabeth supposedly wore the ring for the rest of her life and it was this ring that was taken to James to prove that the Queen was dead. It was later returned to the Essex family, where it remained until it was sold in 1911 for the then-massive sum of £17,000. Its current whereabouts are unknown. 3 Bess never made a public statement about her mother. If she had defended her mother's honor, it would have been seen as disrespectful to her father, and if she had agreed with his condemnation of her, Bess's legitimacy would have been in question. She really had no choice but to remain silent, but the ring with her mother's portrait speaks volumes. She also chose, when she was younger, to have her portrait painted wearing her mother's initial "A" pendant in the Whitehall Family Group, and, possibly, the re-made version of her mother's famous "B" necklace at age fourteen. 4 There is an effigy of Bess in Westminster Abbey. Unfortunately, the effigy made in her time fell apart a century after her death, and the one in Westminster is a copy made in 1760. Supposedly, great care was taken in making it look the same as the original. The original face may have been molded from a death mask, in which grease was smeared over the face of the body and a cast made of the features. It's thought by some scholars that the new face was modeled from the one on her tomb's marble effigy. During conservation of the clothing in 2005, the effigy was found to be wearing a corset, dated to 1603. Whether or not the corset belonged to Bess or the original effigy is a matter of debate. (In early 1700s, a visitor to the Abbey said that Bess's effigy was wearing only a dirty ruff.) It's awfully plain for a Queen's garment though that doesn't automatically disqualify it. If it was hers, Bess was very slender, with a long torso. 5 There are seventy-eight poor men because the Tudors reckoned every year of life from the start of the year, not based on the person's birthday.