laugh, the pixie easily picking up the notes human ears would miss. "Are you ready to see the others?" Alice queried, Bella had only seen the pixie and Esme since she'd woken, Rose had left when the newborn began to come round and Alice's protective instincts had gone into overdrive. Alice had some experience of newborns but not a lot, however even she knew that this level of lucidity was not the norm. "Ok," Bella agreed, turning her attention to her friend who held her hand out. "You smell really good," Bella purred as she nuzzled into Alice's neck, acknowledging what she had been fixating on since she'd woken. "Thanks," Alice giggled at Bella's behaviour, ignoring her body's reaction to the brunette. "Come on," she tugged the brunette's hand and led her downstairs to where the family was waiting for them. The newborn followed, reluctant to share Alice with anyone but followed her maker obediently. As they walked down the stairs Bella scanned the room with her new eyes and was astounded by the vibrancy and depth of the colours in the previously plain seeming room. "Bella!" Edward lurched forward to embrace his wife but before anyone could react he was thrown across the room, smashing into the wall, Bella having lashed out defensively. "Dude!" Emmett chuckled at his brother's misfortune. "Edward, everyone, please remember that newborn's are extremely volatile, never rush them like that." Esme, reminded everybody in the room. Edward was now standing and brushing himself off and fixing his hair. Rosalie snorted at his need to improve his appearance when his wife had just thrown him into a wall, his priorities seemed a little off, she thought as she watched events unfold with an amused smile on her face. She let her eyes wander over Bella and liked what she saw. This was a strong, confident vampire, not a weak pathetic love struck girl. She also noted how Bella still held Alice's hand, her thumb stroking over the back of it in a steady rhythm. Alice was staring intently at the newborn as though trying to anticipate her next move. "Bella?" Edward took a more gentle approach and slowly walked towards his wife, she watched him, head tilted, studying him with a strange look in her eye. "Do you remember me," Bella nodded but didn't speak. "Do you remember that I love you, that you're my wife?" "I'm a newborn, not an idiot Edward," she retorted, causing Rosalie to snort and Emmett to laugh outright. Alice also had a smile on her face. "Oh, dude, you got shot down!" Emmett crowed as he continued laughing, Rose joined in too, much to Edward's consternation. "You look constipated right now," the burly vampire chuckled. "What? More than usual?" Rose added dryly and now Jasper was trying not to laugh. "Rosalie!" Esme berated the blonde. "Oh, so only I get told off, he started it!" She pointed her finger at her husband who was behaving like a child. "I agree with Emmett," Bella rejoined the conversation. "You do look like you've got a stick up your ass," she dead-panned causing a shocked gasp from Esme. "Bella!" Carlisle reprimanded the newborn, a look of disapproval on his face. Bella backed down although it was obvious she had more to say. "Alice, maybe you should take Bella hunting?" The blonde father figure suggested diplomatically. "Maybe Bella will feel more like talking when she's fed?" "She might even want to fuck you," Emmett muttered much to his mother's horror and Rosalie's amusement. The look on Edward's face was one of terror, if Bella's look could be translated to words it would have said 'if hell freezes over' as she glared daggers at her husband. Interesting, Rose mused to herself as she watched Alice lead Bella outside. "Come on," Alice used Bella's grip on her hand to pull the brunette along until they were outside. There was a silence as Bella took in her surroundings. They were at the Cullen's Canadian ranch home which was in the mountains and surrounded by dense forest, much like their home in forks was. They had left there after getting sick of the wolves, now led by Jacob Black, constantly giving them grief about Bella's future. Plus, the fact that Aro had visited made the wolves extremely uneasy so it had been a mutual decision to leave Forks. Although Bella was familiar with the area around the house she was seeing it through her new, vampire enhanced eyes and Alice gave her the time she needed to absorb everything around her. "It's beautiful," Bella marvelled as she began to walk towards the forest, Anne Rice was right, she mused with a chuckle to herself as she thought back to the dramatic vampire novels she'd read whilst still human, there was life everywhere. She could hear birds, insects and almost feel the plants surrounding her grow. Then she heard it, her walk soon turned into a run until she was running faster than she ever had, even with Edward. The chase was on. Her ears followed the sound and she gasped as her fangs dropped for the very first time. Boom ba boom.. "Bella!" She barely registered the sound of Alice's voice over the beating of the heartbeat she was tracking. It was getting closer. And closer. Bella ran as fast as her new body would allow, everything was blurred and yet she saw every vein on every leaf as she passed. The heartbeat wasn't moving away, it wasn't running. Bella wanted it to run. She wanted to chase it down, to play with her prey. She could smell it now, it smelled better than any meal she could even have imagined as a human and her throat was tight and burning. God it was burning. She burst into the clearing and tackled her prey to the ground, the man underneath her, screaming as he looked up into the face of his death, all sharp teeth and red eyes.