her, but tonight it seemed only to inflame him further. "My favourite antique," she splayed her fingers out against his chest with delight, "Is in mint condition." "Well preserved," he muttered lowly, his lips seeking out the little depression between her neck and shoulder, eliciting a moan of success from her in his endeavour. Spurred on his hands found the edge of her shirt again and lifted it up, pushing it free of her body and onto the floor. "I love you," he paused, crushing her to him, "I love you so very very much." "Me too, my darling," she pulled her fingers through his hair, tugging back so his mouth was tipped towards her face. He groaned in ardour and in surprise just as the phone started up again. No one ever phoned them in hotels. They had no one to phone them in hotels even if it was an option. If any of the family wanted them they used their cell phones to call. He shook his head to reassure her it was nothing to worry over and stretching, grasped the receiver a little too aggressively so it cracked under his hands. She climbed off of him and began, as if panicked, to collect their purchases from where they had scattered on the floor. He had not, until this point, realised just how lost in the moment he had been. He had not recognised how truly he was giving into his basest instincts until the hand-set crunched in his fingers. He breathed deeply, loosened his knuckles and spoke. "Mr Smith speaking," he sounded nothing like himself. "Mr Smith," the nasal voice of the receptionist was almost grating, "We have a man at reception claiming to be your friend. He will give us no name other than Alistair. He's making the other guests very...uncomfortable." He couldn't resist a rueful smile at the receptionist's words as he climbed from the bed, "Yes. I will be down directly." "No!" The receptionist said urgently, "We'll send him up!" He understood perfectly that someone who was dressed like a vagabond and refused to remove his sunglasses in a well-lit lobby was not the type of clientèle the hotel was accustomed to so he brooked no protest and simply said thank you before hanging up. She had scooped everything into her arms when he had turned around and she simply stood there, heaving as dry sobs trembled through her body, her arms filled with their collection of unloved things. Half-undressed, gloriously beautiful, he was willing to wager it was the most terrible thing he had ever witnessed. "I guess he- he found us," she sobbed, dropping the items onto the chair carelessly. To both of them, he knew, those stupid purchases were trivial now. He rushed as quickly as he thought himself capable of and pulled her into his arms, holding her with all the force he could muster, "All will be well, I promise you. There will be…another time." "No," she whispered, defeated but accepting, "There won't. It has begun and we haven't...it's ending and we have not had enough time together. I don't mean to make love but for everything!" No amount of time would ever be enough, he had come to realise, over the course of their marriage. Now it was so real it seemed as if both of them were being robbed for a second time of lives which had been the ones they were supposed to lead. He hated himself for such selfishness and such lack of gratefulness for what God had given them but to deny it, he felt it would to be deny that the sun rose in the east. He watched silently as she detached herself and pulled on her shirt, then passed him his. "I promise you Esme," he vowed emphatically, as he pulled it over his shoulders, "We will have more time." And he so desperately wanted to believe it. She sucked in a breath, pulled her resolve around her like a velvet cloak, and straightened up as she combed her fingers through her hair. "We have to think of the family," she said as if she were reassuring herself, "We have to think of the child." He nodded mutely because there were no words. For a long moment they stared into each other's eyes, realising that this was the last time they would be truly alone now. There was no time left for just them; it had slipped away and they hadn't even noticed. "I don't know what your wife is snivelling over but I assume that is why you've set the whole world looking for me. The Volturi will never forgive me Carlisle," the voice from the other side of the door hissed aggressively, breaking their reverie. She smiled and he smiled back. He had seen it often enough in patients; the acceptance of the end. "Do you want to meet another old antique again?" He cupped her cheek softly, running his thumb across the crest of her cheek as he tried aimlessly to comfort her. She smiled a little at his joke, then nodded with a whisper, "Most of the antiques I meet like me." "As long as they don't love you as I do," he warned, turning towards the door. "No one could," she promised, exhaling a little sigh. Later they flew home, their frivolous inkwell and brooch and books and other items bundled safely into a case though not loved half as much as they were when first bought. She had closed her eyes, tipped her head onto his shoulder as the plane took off, and had not moved a muscle since, even though he knew she was awake. London drifted away behind them, dreary and unwelcoming, and fear overwhelmed him again. He prayed to his God to grant them more time. To grant Edward's daughter a full life. He prayed every prayer he knew, in every language he had. Surely, up here amongst the clouds, God was listening.