now. Solving problems was something I was good at and it was killing me that we had become a problem without a solution. "Yeah, your dad will love that idea." Frustrated, I threw my hands up in the air, my voice ripping through the peacefulness of the car. "Where else are you going to go, Edward?" I watched his nerves get the best of him for a split second and he ran his fingers through his hair, tugging at the ends before exhaling loudly. His eyes dropped to his keys and his fingers toyed with them as he avoided eye contact with me, knowing that we'd get lost in each other if we allowed it. "Carlisle said I can stay with him for a bit. Until I get back on my feet again. Find a job." Edward shrugged his shoulders as if it wasn't a big deal for an eighteen year old to have nowhere to go. He did until a few hours ago when The Rec was all of a sudden a devastating piece of the past. "Did he know about this?" This time Edward didn't try to hide his emotions, the sadness he felt molding itself onto his beautiful face. "No." A few more minutes passed in silence before I intertwined our fingers again. "Just come with me. Everything will work out. As long as we have each other." He didn't answer me for a few minutes, and I began to wonder if he had heard me. But then the bastard laughed at me. "Don't you get it, Bella? If I go with you, it's just one more thing in my life that I have to chase after and –" "What, I'm not worth chasing?" I interrupted, knowing that emotions were running high and with everything that happened within the past few hours, this was a fight I probably should not have picked. For the first time in what felt like hours, he turned to look at me and what I saw in his eyes shook me to my core, and it should have prepared me for the turmoil I would come to know so well. He squeezed my fingers that were still wrapped around his. "You're worth everything, and you know that. The problem here is that I'm not." "Of course you're worth it. Why is that so hard for you to believe?" I stared at him incredulously. He dropped my fingers, scoffing at my disbelief. "The only person who has ever believed in me is you. And now you're going off to New York, to do all the things that you worked so hard for, and what do I have to offer you? Huh? Nothing. Shit, Bella, and as of tonight, I don't even have a job or a place to live anymore!" This wasn't the first time that we had this conversation. "You are more to me than a job or a place to live." I spoke through gritted teeth, feeling like a broken record. Call me young, naive, or even stupid but I knew that Edward and I were stronger than life's obstacles. "You say that now, but I'm the one who grew up without a home, not you. Making you live without is not something I can ever do to you." "Living without you is not a life, Edward." "It's better than anything else I have to offer." Now I was angry and I felt like I was losing control of the situation, my future, my life. "I just don't understand how you can walk away from something you claim to love so much!" I yelled but it wasn't long after that it hit me. I looked over at him, the light from my front porch lighting his face in a soft orange that I'd never forget. "But that's what you do, though. You leave before something can leave you." I watched as Edward pursed his lips, knowing that I knew that he was doing what self-taught from almost two decades of being on his own. "You should go. I'll see you before you leave." I watched him leave and I knew that things were never going to be the same again. I was leaving, The Rec was no more, and Edward and I were most likely another couple to fall victim to distance. I was only seventeen, a few weeks shy of eighteen but damn it, I knew that a love like ours was bigger than this. It just doesn't matter what you think you know when you're the one half of the couple that believes it. The timing of everything was the worst of it all, the one thing I tossed around in my brain over and over again. I wonder if I had gone to The Rec that night and that stupid piece of paper wasn't on the door, if our paths would have drifted or converged. Would I have walked into The Rec that afternoon and found him playing air hockey with Jasper, instead of alone on our tree? Would I have been able to convince him that I would be the one to stay with him for the rest of our lives? Would I have gone off to NYU with solid confidence that we would turn out fine in the end? I didn't know. There was one thing I was absolutely positive. It was that The Rec had been the backdrop to all of my biggest milestones I had achieved while growing up. I entered The Rec as a lonely and shy fifth grader, and left it, and my childhood crush and high school sweetheart, behind. I couldn't help falling asleep that night, amidst all the tears and tissues floating around my pillowcase, thinking about how one small decision as a ten year old ended up paving the way for my life to begin. Hello, all! We're about to enter Part I of our story and I'm so glad you joined me on this ride! See you soon!