about the possibility of never meeting again. Strangely, I feel an ache in my chest at the thought as well. I turn to face him fully. "I don't know, maybe," I answer honestly. As much as it chills me to think about, I could be dead tomorrow. There is a war going on, after all, and I'm its most fragile conscript. Sure, we haven't seen a bloodsucker in weeks, but this could very well be just an interlude, the eye of the storm if you will. "Can I?" Edward asks anxiously, obviously not liking the uncertainty in my voice. "Will you meet me here again? Tomorrow?" Every word he's saying is getting progressively faster, his desperation showing through the cracks in his voice. Why is he so frantic to see me again? And why is it making me feel the same way? The vice grip on my chest is tightening every second I don't reply. It's becoming difficult to breathe. Eventually, it becomes too much. "Yes," I practically force out of my throat as the pressure dissipates now that I've agreed. I take a deep breath, filling my lungs to capacity again before releasing it. "Same time?" I look at my phone, seeing it's just after one in the afternoon. From my peripherals, I can see Edward nod. His body is relaxed again and the smile has returned to his face. "Alright," he agrees. "I'll see you then, Bella." The way his voice caresses my name gives me goosebumps up and down my spine. My tongue is tied as my face flushes once again, so I just nod in return before spinning around and slipping into the tree line at the edge of the clearing. One more glance over my shoulder tells me Edward's eyes never leave my person as I go. Seeing as the cemetery Dad is buried in is all the way in Forks, I decide to just bring my tulips home for now. I don't feel like I'm in any condition to be driving. Is this what attraction does to you? God, I've never felt like this in my entire life. My whole body is tingling and my brain is fuzzy in a warm, pleasant way, like the time the pack (mostly Paul and Jared) convinced me to drink with them while testing their newly found tolerances. I was drunk off my ass after only a few shots, while of course they didn't feel a damn thing all night. I swear I still get hangover recall from the day after. Bastards, the lot of 'em. The intoxication I've got going on right now feels similar, but without the bad decision making aspect. It's almost dreamlike. My body's on a roller coaster that only goes up. I can't get the dopey grin off my face, even as I enter the Black house, my home for nearly the last decade. Looking around, I can see no one is around, which is just as well. Billy's probably at the Clearwaters' and the boys are most likely patrolling or sleeping off their last shift. Such is life for the pack right now. They have to be ready at a moment's notice to pick up the fight again. Personally, I hope this reprieve stretches a lot longer. My boys need their rest. With that in mind, I head to the kitchen to start whipping something up. Sooner or later, hungry wolves in one form or another will be swarming my door complaining of their imminent starvation. A pack of drama queens, those boys are. I'm midway through assembling the world's largest deli platter when I hear Jake's sleepy voice from behind me. Just got off a patrol, then. "Bells? Damn girl, what took you so long?" he yawns out, rubbing his eyes with the palms of his hands. "I thought Sam was gonna have a conniption." I guffaw, because Sam totally would, before answering him. "I got held up at the clearing – dressing down a civ for being out in the woods without equipment." I decide to leave out the part of my being wildly attracted to this civ. Makes it easier in the long run if the pack can go on pretending I have no interest in the opposite sex. "Shit," he draws out exasperatedly. "We haven't had to deal with civvies in the woods for a long time." I snort in agreement. "He was apparently not from around here," I reply, turning back to my deli platter, "Didn't even have hiking boots or anything. He's just asking to get eaten." Jake grunts amusedly at my morbid humor. He and I have always shared this kind of easygoing rapport. It helps that he's family in all but blood at this point. I don't know what I'd do without him, honestly. His eyes land on the array of meats and cheeses in front of me and he starts making for the counter before his stomach lets out an almighty rumble. He grins sheepishly as I laugh. I totally called that one. "Well, as long as he-" Jake stops right behind me. I feel his body going ramrod straight and a rumbling growl that is definitely not his stomach escapes from him. "Jake?" I turn to him and raise an eyebrow. I've seen this happen once or twice when a pack member lets out a howl in the distance, but I can't hear any sound that could be causing this. "Bells," he grits out. His nose is scrunched up and his fists are clenching. If he were a less experienced shifter, I'd bet he would be trembling at this point. "Why do you smell like leech?" The question nearly bowls me over. I whip around, eyes bugging at Jake incredulously. Triple shit. TBC That's chapter one! Thanks for sticking with me all the way through. If you have any questions or simply enjoyed the story, please shoot me a review and I'll answer what I can without giving the rest away. ~littlehughesy