The doctor currently speaking to her could have been talking about the dirt on his shoe, for as little compassion or empathy his words held. "Do you understand me, Mrs. Black?" Charlie shook his daughter's arm to gain her attention. He couldn't speak himself, though, overwhelmed with the idea of losing his grandson. "Yes, I understand, doctor," Bella eventually answered before walking away. She didn't care if she was being rude, the people here meant nothing to her and once she had to finally leave, she would never return. Bella liked the park. It wasn't as familiar as the forests but offered a whiff of nature that helped ease her pain. "How can you just sit there and smile when your child isn't even cold in his grave?" A harsh voice spat. Still at ease, Bella looked up into the scowling face of Rosalie McCarty. She shrugged lightly. "How can I not? It's peaceful here." Rosalie's contempt was palpable. "Do you feel any remorse for either your dead husband or your dead son?" "Every minute," Bella agreed softly, still wearing her smile. "That's repulsive. If you had married Edward Cullen or even Michael Newton, none of this would have happened. You would have been able to afford to keep your child alive and you would still have a husband by your side to give you more in the future." "Perhaps it wasn't my destiny to have a family like that. I wish things had happened differently but I can't change them." "You could show remorse," Rosalie accused her. "Would it bring them back?" "It would show that you aren't completely insane. Why would you even marry a nobody? Everyone in town talked about you for months and how your poor father had to take you back after your joke of a husband died." Bella's smile fell away, her anger rising quickly. "My husband put his own safety and well being above everyone else's to defend our country. How could I ever be ashamed of that?" "He knocked you up and then ran across the world, probably to shack up with some foreign woman." Rosalie sniffed disdainfully. "They say they couldn't even find his body. I bet it's because he deserted his post. Living on that rundown reservation, he'd be used to sleeping on the ground or in a cardboard box somewhere." "You are a bitter woman, Rosalie McCarty. I empathize with your inability not to have children, but you have no idea what it was like to feel my child move within me. Every single day, I waited for letters from Jacob, a message to show he was okay and anxious for him to tell me what he thought when he learned he was to be a dad. "When the soldiers showed up to tell me my husband was missing in action and declared dead by the secretary of defense, I gave thanks. Because I saw the news footage, the pictures and films of U.S. troops being tortured and maimed and Jacob wasn't one of them. There was no body and while I cried for that I could at least have the peace of mind to know that he was probably killed swiftly and instantly. "All I could think about was that I still had a piece of him within me. A little boy or girl that would never get to know their father but that would hear nothing but the good things he did to ensure the safety of their well being and that of future children. "And when I went into labor and felt my child struggle to be born, I knew my husband was with me, watching even if he wasn't by my side. The doctors told me I had a son and it was relief to know I had more of Jacob than I had previously hoped." "Your child was born severely deformed," Rosalie cruelly reminded Bella. "You call that a blessing? But even so, he did die and you're happy about it, sitting in this park day after day and wearing a smile that screams you aren't right in the head." Bella continued to talk as if she hadn't heard Rosalie's outrage. "David was so small but beautiful and I told him that every time I held him. He was in so much pain, though and I wanted him to be at peace. I almost wept in joy when the doctor said he was finally free." "You killed your child?" Rosalie gasped in shock. "Are you that selfish, Rosalie? I did not harm my child at all. I did all that I could to ensure he was taken care of, but his body was too weak to survive and god called him back to be with his father." Physically, Rosalie snorted out loud, her hand rising quickly to cover her face while she checked to make sure no one else had heard. "An innocent child that could have been born under better circumstances if you hadn't been such a tramp and run off with that no good-" "Shut up. Just SHUT UP! You want to judge me because I'm happy when you don't even understand the reasoning. I'd take both a crippled husband and an ill son with open arms but I have neither and instead I choose to comfort myself the only way I can. Jacob was a strong man and it would have slowly eaten away at his soul if he had survived an attack and been permanently disabled. I would've moved hell and earth to help my son, but watching him suffer before he was barely alive was more torturous than not having him at all." Bella stood up and dusted herself off, preparing to leave the park for the day. Rosalie McCarty would believe what she wanted and would never comprehend what it meant to live through what Bella had. "I may have lost it all very quickly, Rosalie, but at least I can say I had it once. Can you?"