are waiting for the…wedding," I still had trouble saying the actual word out loud without choking on it, "to um…make love, but…" I started stammering as I felt the blush burn my face and my heart pick up speed, both reactions I was sure wouldn't escape his all knowing vampire senses. Ugh! Why can't I talk about this without stumbling like an idiot! We're going to be married for God sake; we should be able to talk about anything! "But?" he prompted hesitantly. I took a deep breath and plunged forward. "There are a lot of things that we could do between now and then without going anywhere near crossing that line." When I finished talking I realised I had shut my eyes. His silence was becoming overwhelming as the minutes ticked by without one word from him. I slowly opened my eyes and raised my head. His face was serious, his eyes thoughtful and maybe even a little…stern? It wasn't anywhere near the expression I was hoping for. "What did you have in mind?" he asked carefully. He was looking down at our hands, which had twined together during the uncomfortable silence. The question caught me off guard. It shouldn't have, being that it was a logical follow up to my previous suggestion, but I wasn't prepared to answer it just then. I swallowed loudly. "Um, well, I, uh, don't know exactly," I was stammering again, becoming more flustered at trying to talk about things I had no experience actually doing. My face grew hotter as I tried to formulate an idea, any idea, that wouldn't offend his delicate Victorian sensibilities. When I didn't answer again I saw him smile slightly and run his hands through his thick bronze locks. "Did you have something specific in mind that you wanted us to do?" he asked hesitantly. God we are both really bad at this. I shook my head and sucked in another breath, trying to steel my resolve and talk about this like the adult I kept insisting I was. "Not really," I said as evenly as I could manage. "I just hate how you pull away all the time. It seems like anytime we approach anything fairly…intimate…you stop." I was quite proud of myself for getting all that out without stuttering once and wasn't intently focused on Edwards' reaction, so his next words took me by surprise. "Well, yes, I suppose you are right. But that is because any other form of intimacy wouldn't be…proper…at this stage. It's meant for after we are married, love," he said simply as he tucked a lock of hair behind my ear. Had I just heard him right? Was he telling me that besides kissing and a bit of cuddling, there would be no other physical contact until our honeymoon? Was he serious? "Wait, what? What do you mean it wouldn't be proper?" I sat up and stared right at him. "Bella, you have to understand that when I was brought up, the kind of affection that you and I share wasn't allowed at all between couples who weren't married. The type of intimacy you are hinting at, well, I just assumed we would wait until we were married before going any further." He shifted slightly before levelling a serious stare at me. I realised then that I was making him uncomfortable. He didn't even like talking about the possibility of touching me. I tried to control my expression, but I am sure that the disappointment and shock must have been apparent on my face. As I lay down on my bed and rested my face against his stone chest, my mind began to spin out of control. He wasn't interested in taking things any further between us. He saw the very idea as indecent, improper, and maybe even unappealing. I lay perfectly still, breathing as evenly as I could manage, letting him stroke his hands soothingly down my back and through my hair. Any other night this action alone would have been enough to lull me off to a peaceful sleep, but not tonight. Before, I had just assumed that Edward was too afraid to push himself and his boundaries out of fear for my safety. That the only thing holding him back from touching me the way I longed for was his lack of faith in his own self control. I hadn't realised that the idea of us exploring each other further wasn't as appealing to him as it obviously was to me. I bit my lip as I fought back the hurt and the tears that welled in my eyes suddenly. He seemed so eager in the meadow just a short time ago. He had wanted to make love to me right then and there…hadn't he? Maybe he was just caught up in the moment of us having survived Victoria and her newborns. Or maybe…I shuddered lightly as the next thought slammed into my brain. Maybe it was just a bluff. Maybe he had no interest of following through at all. "Bella?" Edwards' voice twisted with concern. He must have felt my shiver. I just shook my head slowly. "Just flashbacks of the battle," I mumbled as I felt him pull me tighter to his hard body. He started humming my lullaby, trying to lull me off to sleep. My insecurities were screaming at me as I tried to keep my body from giving away my heightened emotional state. I didn't like lying to him, but there was no way I could talk to him about this now without crying, and I flat out refused to be that pathetic. I closed my eyes and tried to settle into sleep. A little voice in the back of my head, one that sounded suspiciously like Alice, was whispering for me to not give up hope just yet. Maybe, just maybe, there was a way to get Edward to come around at least a little bit. I just hadn't found it yet.