yet who he wanted to shoot more in that moment, Edward, Sulpicia or his damned butler, but his hand found his holster empty. Edward thumped a weapon on the table, "Looking for this Aro?" Edward toyed with Aro's gun as he spoke, "This conflict you started and then lost, has cost this cartel a great deal more than money, my friend. Instead of growing our business interests and enjoying the spoils of our labour you have set us against one another." "The Blacks, and with them the Swans, followed you out of loyalty but that ends today. Everyone here has already declared their allegiance to me and my Family so they will no longer pay any of their profits to the the Volturi Family." William and all the other Family heads banged the table in support of Edward's words. "Aro, I have decided to amend the agreement offer on the table with you now, Jasper please give Aro my new offer." Jasper produced another document and slid it towards Aro. Marcus stopped its glide along the table as Aro slowly took his seat at the table again. Edward spoke again, "Aro, my friend it is time for you to retire. Honestly, I think you need to spend some time at home as your woman seems desperate for attention." He was enjoying Aro's humiliation and everyone in the room could sense it. "Caius, you are now Head of the Volturi family. Congratulations. I am further dividing your portfolio so that a portion will be awarded to Charles Swan to compensate him for the losses he made supporting you in your attempt to overthrow my leadership. "Caius and Marcus, if you sign this new agreement Aro will be granted leave to remove himself, and his dear sweet wife, to your property in Italy never to return to the United States." Still toying with the gun on the table, Edward added, "Of course, if you do not sign we can settle this according to the old ways." He looked around the room, "Are there any objections?" The other four Families once more banged the table in agreement with Edward's wishes, while the Volturi Family remained seated. Edward turned once to Caius, "What say you?" After a long look at his mother and without a word, Caius picked up the pen and signed the document, followed by his second Marcus. Aro stood, hugged his son and whispered words of encouragement to him before being led from the room by a heavily armed contingent of Edward's men. Edward shouted as he looked with disgust at Sulpicia and her pathetic lover, "Someone get this cheating slut out of the room, her foul fishy stench is making me sick." The woman and man were dragged from the room, Sulpicia screaming for Aro's mercy. Caius momentarily dropped his head in shame and sorrow but with Marcus' encouragement he soon sat taller knowing he had the responsibility to protect his family and their interests from further decimation. Caius stood and with an even voice declared the Volturi's loyalty to the Masens and to Edward as Boss. Everyone applauded and relief was felt all around the room. With Aro removed and the agreements all signed, everyone expected Edward to close out the meeting but he had one more surprise in store. "William, Charles and Caius, I am pleased and honoured to hear you pledge your loyalty to me and my family. But blood has been spilled on both sides and I believe that the only way to ensure your loyalty to me and my family is also through blood." The men shifted uncomfortably in their seats wondering what Edward had in mind and whose blood he wanted to 'ensure their loyalty'. Aro's gun was still on the table in front of Edward who was still toying with it menacingly. William Black spoke up first to ask the question they all feared the answer to, "Whose blood do you desire to quench your thirst, Edward?" Edward turned his gaze to the far corner of the room. "Isabella's," was all he said. Shocked gasps were heard around the room. Charles rose so quickly from the table that his chair flew backwards; William rose too, standing with his friend. From nowhere guns were cocked and pointing at the two men. Isabella sat in stunned silence, wondering what she had done to offend the Boss so badly that he wanted her death. Sue and Leah moved to her side protectively. "You want to kill my daughter?" Charles was experiencing panic and disbelief in equal measure. William tried to calm his friend knowing that to openly threaten or resist Edward would be a death sentence for him. Edward held up his hand in a peaceful gesture and let another smile creep across his face, "No, no, my friend you misunderstand me. Sit, calm yourself and listen." Charles picked up his chair and sat at the table keeping his eyes locked with Edward's; the guns were all lowered and returned to their holsters. Edward continued, all the while toying with the gun on the table, "You have all pledged your loyalty to me and my family. I am very pleased and honoured by this trust. However, with all the blood spilled in the recent conflict, I need to ensure that your loyalties are secured with something more meaningful than pretty words and oaths." "After all, I believe that according to our old traditions as victor of this conflict I should exact a price from my enemies to compensate me for the losses I have personally endured." He smiled at the obvious confusion to be seen clearly on the faces of those around him. "My dear friends, when I say that blood is the answer I mean simply that by merging our blood lines there will be no risk of disloyalty in the future. What I mean, Charles, is to take your daughter Isabella as my bride." A/N: So I think this Edward is fine. Your thoughts?