tug on my shirt. Anna smiled up at me holding a very green group of bananas. She gave me her puppy dog eyes before I could even refuse. At least by the time we were done with the other bananas, these ones would be ripe. Bananas will never go uneaten at our house. We continued through the produce section grabbing vegetables Anna would like steamed, and stuff for salads. We finished in the produce after I grabbed a ten pound bag of potatoes. I sighed, now off to the rest of the store. I'm not one who likes shopping; I prefer grocery shopping to other types of shopping though. Of course my favorite shopping though would be book shopping. I tried to hurry this shopping trip up, without Anna knowing. I had just placed a box of Anna's favorite cereal in the cart. I waited for the pull on my shirt; waiting for her to ask for a second box, something she always did with her mom. I looked down to where she should be when it didn't come. She wasn't there. I hurriedly looked down the aisle but she wasn't there. I panicked. I tried to keep calm as I started looking for her. I passed aisle after aisle glancing down each one only to find Anna wasn't there. I turned around at the last aisle and headed back the way I had come, checking every aisle again. With a desperate hope I headed to the produce again. I turned around the corner and stopped. Anna was by the bananas. A woman with inhuman beauty was kneeling in front of her; talking to her. Anna had some green bananas clutched to her chest, while she stared at the woman then up at a man who was standing behind their cart. The man had to be the most handsome man I had ever seen; and that was saying something. I didn't think, I hurried over to Anna, while she shook her head, answering whatever the woman had asked her. I stopped our cart in front of theirs and quickly pulled Anna into my arms; supporting myself against the cart. "You scared me Annabelle." She knew if I used her full name she was in trouble. "I didn't know where you had gone." I pulled back so I was looking in her eyes. "You know you're supposed to stay with me when we're at a store." Annabelle lowered her head and held up the bananas. "Do you think we need more bananas?" I asked with a sigh. I noticed that the man and woman glanced at our basket. They no doubt saw all our bananas. Annabelle nodded her head, making her curls bounce. I put the bananas into the cart then hugged Anna tightly to me. "No more running off okay?" Anna nodded her head before pressing her cheek against mine. "Your daughter looks just like you," the woman spoke up. My eyes widened and I could feel my face heat with a blush. The man and woman seemed surprised by my reaction. "I'm not her mom," I finally managed to choke out. The woman looked embarrassed. "Oh, I'm terribly sorry." "That's alright," I stopped her before she could say anything else. "We'll leave you to your shopping." I knew the woman's look, she wanted to talk more but I didn't want to talk with her. I tried to turn so we could leave, but Anna rested her hand on my cheek. Whenever she did that I knew she wanted me to pay attention to her powers. I focused on the strange sensation that was her powers, focusing on what she was feeling. I was surprised to find that there wasn't a sense of danger around. I glanced at Anna and she shook her head. The man and woman's faces held curiosity for a quick second before they wiped it away. The woman spoke before I was able to turn away. "My name is Esme Cullen, this is my husband Carlisle." He gave me a kind smile and nodded toward us. I nodded towards the two of them. Feeling obligated now to introduce the girls and myself. "Nice to meet you; I'm Isabella, but I prefer Bella, and this is Annabelle, and that's Cissiley." Esme and Carlisle glanced at the baby carrier. Completely against my better judgment I turned the cart around so they could look at Cissy. The two of them smiled at the sleeping baby. "She's so small. How old is she?" Esme asked me. "Two months. She and Anna are my older cousin's kids," I added before they could ask if Cissy was mine. I didn't bother telling them that they were now in my care. Anna poked my cheek to get my attention. I couldn't help smiling at her. "What do you need Anna?" She pointed to the water bottle in the diaper bag. I handed it to her, pulling it open; I didn't dare give her one with a twist off cap. I learned that lesson the hard way. Once the water bottle was put away I turned to Esme and Carlisle. "It was nice to meet you." "And you as well," Esme said with a smile. "Enjoy your time with your cousins," Carlisle added. I nodded and headed back to shopping. I pushed Esme and Carlisle from my mind, so I could focus on the task at hand. It wasn't till I had settled into bed before I allowed myself to think about them. Something was different about Mr. and Mrs. Cullen. Anna's powers were never wrong, but I don't understand why she wasn't getting a dangerous feeling from the two of them. Surely Mr. and Mrs. Cullen are dangerous. They're vampires after all. Author's note I hope you like this chapter. I'd love to hear what you thought about it. If you have any guesses about what happened to Bella's family, or how Bella knows about Vampires, I'd love to hear them. Bye, LiveLifeAuthorStyle