looked defeated and broken. LIke the life had been sucked out of him. Turning on the faucet, I splashed cold water on my face and tried to clear my head. That's when I noticed. All of Bella's things were gone: her lotions, makeup, the place where her toothbrush hung. All of it was empty. I ripped open the drawers, but nothing of hers remained. I stumbled into the bedroom and yanked open the closet door. Empty hangers swung on the rod as I pushed my shirts from one side to the other, knowing I wouldn't find her things but unable to stop myself from looking anyway. I backed away from the half-empty closet until my knees hit the bed. I sat heavily and looked around the room. All of her things were gone. Clothes, pictures, even the furniture she'd brought when we'd moved in together was gone. There wasn't a trace of her that remained. If I didn't know better, it was like she'd never been here at all. But I did know better. She might have stripped our home of any trace of her, but that didn't matter. No matter how hard she tried, she'd never be able to erase my memory of her. Because that was where she lived. Not in this house, but inside of me. And she'd just set me on fire and left me to burn. The next few days passed in a blur. I wasn't expected back to work until the following Monday, so I took advantage of my free time by staying in a drunken stupor. I tried to call Bella, but she'd changed her number. She was really gone. If I were being honest, I envied her. I wanted to know how she'd done it. How she managed to just stop loving me. Was there some kind of trick? Because I really wanted in on that secret. When I returned to work, I felt like I was living someone else's life. It was strange to continue on like it was just another day. Like my entire world hadn't been wrecked. I still hadn't told anyone. I wasn't ready for their pity. I wasn't ready to say out loud to another person that she'd left me. It was just another step away from the denial that none of this was real. That this was all just a bad dream and I'd wake up and she'd be there and she'd laugh at me and tell me I was crazy for dreaming about something so unrealistic. By Wednesday, Alex and Heidi were both calling. I knew the longer I avoided them, the more persistent they would become. And I missed them. I missed Maggie. But the thought of seeing them together and happy hurt so much it was hard to breathe. When the doorbell rang that afternoon, my shoulders dropped in defeat. I walked slowly to the front door, trying to prepare myself for facing whichever one of them had had enough of my silence. I was surprised when I opened the door and saw our mail man, Pete, standing on my porch, his arms loaded with mail. "Mr. Cullen, I'm sorry to disturb you, but I can't fit anything else into your box. I wasn't sure if you were on vacation. I didn't want to return your mail." My throat tightened when I thought about the reason I couldn't even remember to check my mail. "No," I said, clearing my throat. "I've been pretty busy lately. Thanks for not sending it back." "Of course. I um―" Pete shifted his weight and cleared his throat. "I have a change of address request for Ms. Swan, but it doesn't have a start date on the form. If you'd like, I can pull out anything with her name on it and forward it." I shook my head and tried to give him a reassuring smile. "No, that's okay. It's been a while since I've checked the mail. I'll go through it and drop it back in the mailbox for you." With a nod and a sympathetic smile, Pete turned and jogged back to his truck. I closed the door and walked back into the kitchen, my legs heavy. Thumbing through the mail, my eyes stung at the small things I came across, like junk mail from random clothing stores addressed to Bella. I set aside her credit card statements and phone bill, but paused when I noticed several envelopes from a medical facility. Two, three, four I counted, all from the same place. My heart lodged in my throat and my hands shook as I ripped open the top envelope. I scanned the statement, the words leaping from the page strangling the breath from my body. I opened the next and the next. Bile rose hot and thick in my throat as words my brain struggled to process twisted like a knife in my chest. Words like conclusive results and extensive damage slid together like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle, the test dates perfectly aligned with when she began to pull away. But it was the last letter that broke my heart and gave me hope all at once. Probability of conception: Less than 5% Stumbling to the kitchen table, I sank into a chair and tried to stop the room from spinning. With my fists clenched around the papers in my hands, I looked around the barren room, my heart aching and my chest burning. Fighting against the bile burning the back of my throat, I finally understood. She'd broken us both. "You lied. You fucking lied. Damn you, Bella." Thanks to Ooza for beta'ing. And thanks to everyone who voted for this entry. I love you guys like whoa. ***Due to lots of persuasion ..I will be continuing this. It will be short, but I hope the impact will be no less. Up next will be BPOV of this one shot. Thank you so much for the overwhelming support and interest in these characters. ***