type to see if they'd match," Mom suggests. "The test is really intrusive," Bella says, shuddering. I wince. She told me she had to have a spinal tap earlier. "But it's worth a shot." Two weeks later, we're in our treehouse again. It's fucking freezing outside, but we're under a ton of blankets. Since Bella's news, I stopped smoking. I didn't want to do it around her, but a part me wants to be clean and shit. We needed a break today. It's been weird at school. News travels fast here, and everyone in town knows Bella's sick. A few people treat her like a pariah as if her illness is contagious. She hates every second of the attention she's gotten. I've spent the last week, walking her to every class and glaring at anyone that dared to stare at her. "I'm going to lose my hair," she whispers, her fingers tapping a few times on my bare chest. "Don't care." For days now, she's said she'd understand if I left her. She has doubts, and I don't blame her. I haven't exactly been reliable, having run from her more than once. "I'm going to get even thinner." "And when you get better, I'll go buy you fries." "I might not be able to have kids." I already knew. I looked that shit up. The morning after the diagnosis, I spent hours on the internet, looking up anything on Leukemia. The medication she'll have could fuck up her organs. "I know, still don't care." She props herself on one elbow, and I can't help but touch her. My fingers graze the side of breast, rubbing her nipple, gently. "I'm not going to college this fall," she says. I knew that, too. "I'm sorry." She only shrugs. "It might hard for me to graduate anyway." My grades aren't too bad this year. "I'll help you," I whisper, pulling her down for a kiss. She's soft, warm and smells good. It was hard to keep my hands off before, but now, it's impossible. For a few days after I found out, I was hesitant and scared I could hurt her or give her something. After Dad confirmed with a doctor friend, he told me we can have sex as long as we're careful and always use condoms. That was another uncomfortable conversation, especially when Bella confirmed it with her doctor. "What if nobody shows up tomorrow?" My hand falls away, but immediately cradles her cheek. "I'm not nobody," I say. Her bottom lip trembles, but softens against my mouth. "Try not to worry." "It's hard." My mouth tips up one side and I wiggle my eyebrows. She rolls her eyes. "You're unbelievable." I don't sleep much nowadays. Every time I try, I wake up in a cold sweat and barely breathing. It sucks to have so much information at your fingertips. My imagination has been working overtime. "Edward?" Mom enters the kitchen, turning on the light. I wince and give her a small smile. "Can't sleep, either?" I shake my head. She pulls me against her, and kisses my temple. "It'll be okay, sweetie." "I know." She offers me a small smile. "How do you know?" I shrug. "It has to be." Her smile falls, but I can't take back the words. I won't be the same if Bella…I can't even think about it. I kiss Mom's cheek and head up to get ready for the blood drive. One thousand, four hundred and fourteen people showed up that day. Ten were possible blood type matches. Out of that ten, only seven passed the medical screening to donate bone marrow. Those seven needed to have tissue collected for testing. The closer the match, the better chance she'll make it. "You don't have to do this," Bella says as Mom gives us a minute a few days later. The test consists of a spinal tap, and considering how much she hates needles, she's freaking out again. "I do." I touch her face. "I'll do anything for you, even bleed." She frowns. It looks all wrong on her face, so she smiles when I ask her to. "You look good in a hospital gown." I pull her down for a kiss and tease her, "I never pegged you to have a doctor/patient fetish." She giggles, but she wipes away tears. Those come more often, not that I care. I'm here to dry them whenever she needs it. "I love you," she whispers. It's the first time she said it. "I know." I shake my head and groan, making an adjustment I can't hide in the gown. "Did you have to tell me now?" She laughs and kisses me, not helping the situation, but it distracts her mind, even it's only for a little while. Today's the day we'll find out if someone is a match. The doctor's office is full. Bella wants me here with her and Charlie seems okay with it. I'm fucking nervous. Mom, Sue and Emmett are standing behind us, waiting. The doctor comes in and starts to tell us a bunch of medical shit that sort of blends together. Bella's hand squeezes mine. I look at her, and I'm really fucking scared. I can't lose her. "The results are back…" the doctor continues. The room is too fucking quiet and I swear I can hear my heart pounding. The doctor gives us the results and there's a collective cry of relief. Bella's in her father's arms; he's in tears. She's passed off to her brother, and soon, to Sue and Mom. My mind feels like it's fucking floating and I can't hear anything. Until Bella drops down on my lap and I wake up. My arms wrap around her and I openly sob. I don't care who is watching. All I care about is the girl in my arms, holding her as she cries. "I knew," she murmurs, pressing her lips all over my face. I knew, too. I'm a match.