ma-" he tried to defend himself, but was cut off by Bella. "No Im not! I'm your Fucking singer asshole. Thats why my bloods calls to you. For as you can't read my mind, it's because of my gift you Idiot. I'm a fucking Shield. So shut the fuck up and I don't want to hear your fucking excuse." She shouted heaving heavily because of her pent up anger. It felt good letting it all out. She thought to herself. Everyone was silent. They were all to stunned because of the brunette outburst. While calming herself Irina and Kate went to her side and holds her. After a few minutes of deap breaths she finally calm down. She looked at him who were still at Tanya's grip. "You know... I'm so glad I'm not actually your mate. Because your so controlling, you dont listen in them, you just do whatever you think was right, just like a teenager. Your just a broody, selfish teenager. I just felt bad for whoever is your mate was. " Bella said looking at him with hatred on her eyes. "Bella my Love, you are my mate. I dont know what they did to you but i will get them out of our way. I love you please believe me." He pleaded. Which causes Tanya to growl at him and form another crack on his neck. They heard Kate snorted " I don't think so dickward. If you were her mate you would allowed to change her and added your own Venom when James bit her. But you did the opposite of it. Then you hurt her on her 18th birthday by throwing her and crahed into the table. Mates can't hurt their own mate. Also why don't I tell them what actually happened after you broke up with Bella." She said as she looked at the confused Cullen " Did you all know what he did to Bella? He brought her into the fucking woods and broke up with her. Saying she was just a toy and got bored to her. Then he fucking leave her there Alone! With no one else to escort her back to her house! She was lucky Sam found her crumpled and shivering on the ground, or she would have died in hypothermia. Now tell me. Is. That. What. A. Mate. Should. Do?" She growled with black coal eyes trembling with anger. Like a deer that was caught by the headlights Edward shrunk back not knowing what to do. His lie was revealed, but he was quickly thinking a way out of this situation. "You fucking lied to us? You said she told you that she doesn't want to see us. So we leave." Rosalie said which caused Bella to state at her wide eye. Rosalie looked at her and raised her eyebrow "Don't look at me like that. I know you think I hated you, but its because you let him dictates your life, it's like your his pupet and your way too good to him. And I definitely agree of what you all said to him." She said smiling a little to them. Bella looked at her in the eye and smile softly at her. "Thank you Rosalie." "Call me Rose" she said to Bella which she nods in return. Then a loud snarl was heard in the whole room which caused everyone to freez "Is any of this true!?" Esme snarls at Edward which was trembling with fear. Everyone knows that Esme was a sweet loving person but when you push her to far... Well let's just say that you wouldn't want to get to know her bad side. "Bu-but I was just doing whats good for her. I don't want her soul to damned. We're a soulless monsters." He reason which causing them all to roll their eyes. This caused Bella to laugh at him like it was stupidest thing she ever heard (which was totally true) "That's bullshit Dickward. Everyone has a soul, if you didn't you'd be nothing more than a husk. Not moving, not talking, not even thinking. Essentially you'd be brain dead but there would be no chance of recovery. So don't try to reason anyone here. Also for a mind reader you didn't notice that Everyone is glaring at you is it" Bella said causing Edward to stare at her after hearing that. He looked around and saw that Bella was telling the truth. He read everyone's mind and it made him go paler because of the thoughts of doing horrible things to him. Carlisle finally spoke up and glared at him "Edward! Go to your room. We will talk later for punishment." He said with a tone that saying it's an order and followed it. Then qTanya finally let go of him, with a last glance at them specially to Bella he went to his room. The room became was quiet. "We were sorry Bella. If we didn't listen to Edward you wouldn't go all through that." Alice blurted feeling guilty which she was comforted by her mate. Bella laughs at her making Alice looks at her questionably "Well I don't. If that did not happen I wouldn't be the person I am now. I'm pretty happy of how things turned out. I work as a model now and have a lovely mates. What more could I ask for. I'm happy.q" She said softly while looking at her blonde mates. "We promised well make it up to you." Alice said to her. Bella shrugs "Suite your selves. I'm going now. I believe i have some catching up to do with my mates." She purred as the three blondes eyes darkens with lust and arousal. "Indeed we are my love." They purred to Bella with a half lidded eyes. This was going to be a long steamy night. Bella thought as she was drag to their bedroom. " The END? Or want some part two? WHAT YOU ALL THINK? 😆😆