"What are you doing? Paul? No, you can't mark me. You can't." "You ran Bella. You all did. We have the right to mark what is ours." "We were running from you. To get away." "That makes no difference Bella. As the chosen you ran, regardless of why. If you had just stayed at home, if you hadn't run." "Then what?" She lashed out. "If we had stayed at home what?" "You could have refused to run." He replied sniffing along the expanse of exposed skin. "No." She gasped. "No, you're lying." "I'm really not." He chuckled. "You all unknowingly became runners. All four of you sealed your fate the moment you left Jessica's car and ran up the mountain. That to us was all we needed. Our wolves seen it as an open invitation to claim their mates. So we did." "Oh god." Bella cried. Paul's larger form pressed against hers. His hands held her head in place as she licked her neck. She knew their was nothing she could do, there was no escape for her now. Her fate had been sealed. But if he thought she was going to bend over willingly just because he marked her. Well he was in for a very rude awakening. "Wanted you for years." He whispered. Rough hands smoothing through her knotted hair. "What?" She asked. He looked at her then, eyes flicking between amber and brown. His wolf so close to the surface. He brushed his nose against hers. A low rumble escaped him as he tried to find the right words. "It was me who found you that night in the woods. Not Sam. They said it would be too obvious, that you would figure it out." "Figure what out?" "That we were mated." He growled, head dipping as he pressed his nose against her form inhaling her scent. "When he chased you into the woods, he was going to kill you. You know that right? All that leech wanted to do was feed from you, kept saying you were his singer and he must taste you." "I didn't know… why didn't anyone tell me." "I was so angry Bella. So scared. I couldn't control my wolf. He went mad, tore him apart if it wasn't for Sam and Jared I would have killed him." "The treaty." "Exactly. So Billy told them to leave, said they couldn't return for 200 hundred years. What he had done, trying to kill you was unforgivable, but when they found out you were my mate. Billy had them leave the next day. He said I was within my rights to kill him but I didn't want to do that, as angry as I was, once I had control over my wolf I just wanted them to leave. How could I tell you one day I had killed someone." "I would have understood." "I wasn't willing to take the risk." He snarled then, head snapping back and forth, eyes glowing amber as he stared down at her. "I can't hold him back much longer Isabella." Closing her eyes, Bella took a deep breath as she turned her head further to the side, exposing more of her neck. The feral growl that ripped from Paul had the hairs on her arms standing on end. The heavy weight of his body was all she felt before hot searing pain tore into her skin. She kicked her legs as Paul's teeth dug deeper into her flesh. Her large hands pinned her to the earth as he growled against her skin. Jaw locking as he shook her in warning. Bella stopped struggling. Tears fell from her eyes as the pain peaked. Her fingers dug into Paul's arms as she let lose a whimper. Her eyes grew heavy, her grip loosening as she began to drift, the pain easing as her eyes finally closed. Paul drew back, carefully removing his teeth from his mate's neck. Bella had passed out from the pain. He licked her wound, cleaning away any blood that may have escaped. He looked down at her, the mark clear and strong against her white skin. He wanted to roar into the night sky. Howl at the moon, telling all he had claimed his mate. He did neither. He carefully picked Bella up, moving quickly and silently through the trees. They weren't as far from La Push as they thought. Within minutes they were breaking through the tree-line, Paul's long strides making short work of the distance to his home. He pushed the door open, manoeuvring himself through his house before laying Bella down on his bed. Listening to her heartbeat. Pleased with how steady it was before retreating to the living room. He lifted the phone from it's cradle, dialing the number he was given weeks ago. "It's done." He spoke into the phone. "She's here safe." "Did you mark her?" Was the reply. "Yes. I've claimed her as my mate." "Good." The heavy sigh was all Paul needed to know that he had done the right thing. "She will be pissed as hell. I hope you know that." "Oh I know." Paul replied. "Give her time. She's hot headed but not irrational." "I never expected this to be easy, Charlie." Paul told the other man. "Good, cos that girl is going to give you a run for your money, Paul Lahote. That I can promise you." The line went dead. Paul shook his head smiling as he placed the phone back. He crept quietly back towards his bedroom, checking on Bella, to make sure she was ok. Her breathing was normal, her heart steady and the mark healing nicely on her flesh. All he had to do was wait for her to wake up. He knew this wasn't going to be easy. She may have willingly let him mark her, but she wasn't going to give in so easily. None of them were. But it sure as hell was going to be fun finding out.