I did as the note said though and simply ignored him for the entirety of the lesson. I wasn't about to jinx my good luck by going against my beneficiator. Edward almost ran out of the class room and I simply continued on to my last class, PE. My own personal hell. It wasn't that I sucked at sports, I just hated team sports. There were always people who thought they were great but actually sucked and they annoyed me to no end. Luckily I was allowed to sit this one out so instead I started reading. I was already halfway through my book when the bell rang to signal the end of class. I walked out of the gym to my car, only to find one blond leaning against it. "I thought you'd come over, not drive with me." He looked amused for a second and simply smiled. Seriously? He wasn't going to answer me? "My ride was a bit impatient today and when he found out I talked to you he decided to leave me here. You won't make me walk will you?" Ugh just great. "Hop in and explain why your ride doesn't want you to talk to me." It wasn't a question and he seemed to pick up on it. Nevertheless he got in and I drove off to my home. On the way there he explained about his brother, how he thought he had some claim to me. I burst out laughing when he explained that Edward thought I was his soul mate. We hadn't even talked. Not at all. He really is desperate then. I relayed my thoughts from the night before and Jasper burst out laughing. He was obviously glad I had no interest for his brother. Why though, I didn't know. When we got to my house he jumped out of the car and before I could open my door he had done it for me. He tipped an imaginary hat and I could just see him as an old school cowboy, especially with that faint accent of his. "Okay, so you need to keep an open mind for this, 'cause it's one hell of a weird story." That was the only warning I got before he started telling his story of vampires, werewolves and just the supernatural in general. To say I was shocked was an understatement. This wasn't just weird, this was life changing. Why did I have to know this! I would have been just fine never knowing any of this. He continued on with his story, how he was changed and who the captain was. He explained that I would have a place in the supernatural world soon enough and they had wanted to prepare me. That was kind. I would have hated to just burn for three days and then find out about everything. Especially with this bloodlust he mentioned. That would have been hellish. Jasper went home after ensuring I was doing okay with all this new information. After he left I started dinner and started mulling over everything. Jasper hadn't told me what my place would be in the supernatural world but it would be a place only I could take. He had also told me how Edward couldn't hear my thoughts and Alice, his physic wife, had a hard time seeing me. He thought I was a shield. When I went to bed I had decided to just make the best of it all and just see them as people, well all except Edward, little creep that he was. He didn't even know me and he had already tried to claim me! Seriously brain damaged that boy. Charlie didn't seem to mind my contemplative state, he was just happy I was here. Maybe he should pay a little more attention, but at least he cared. XxX School carried on much in the same way as that first day had. I would have fun with Jasper in the classes we shared and completely ignore the other Cullens. Edward had been adamant in talking to me but I never reacted to anything he said. No way was I falling for his little tricks. The only other Cullen that I even came close to liking was Jasper's 'twin'. Rose was a major bitch but once you broke through her shell she was a nice person. Peter had texted me about her and had said I could trust her as well. I was thankful for that since she seemed to be able to keep me sane. My life had become weird but it was a good weird. Garrett POV What had that fucker done this time? He better have a good reason for stealing one of my cars. I may be a nomad but I did keep a house with cars on every continent. I had arrived back at my home in Montana, only to find one of my cars missing, in it's place a note from Peter. Before you go all cavemen trying to find out who stole your car, I did. You can find it with your mate. Yeah I know. She lives near the Major and he knows what is going on. He explained about the supernatural to her but not about you. I suggest you go and find her because the mind raper will go after her as well. She's a shield so you also keep her away from the Volturi. Do you still want to rip me apart now? Have fun Garrett! Seriously? He couldn't just call me? Well I guess I would be taking a trip to visit my old friend Carlisle. Maybe now I would finally get to rip apart the mind raper as well, if she was a shield he would have most likely tried to claim her. Forks, Washington here I come. Hey thanks for reading. This was originally going to be a one-shot but I thought this fit better. Tell me your thoughts, or not. Bye bye, Lilith