the sofa left for me by Rose with a note. We're downstairs put this on come join us Love Rose xxx I quickly dressed heading out the bedroom to the stairs. I looked to my phone seeing a message from my uncle. I texted him back, as I walked down the stairs. I reached the living room seeing Rose grinning to me. I moved to sit next to her and Edward. I leant onto his right side as Rose leant on my other side. "You're up early." I grinned "I only sleep a few hours a night. I usually wake up about four or five in the morning." He nodded "How are you feeling Izzy?" I looked to Carlisle "Okay, oops I forgot to phone Charlie." "Don't worry dear. I phoned him earlier told him you went shopping with the girls, and when you got back you all fell asleep in the living room. He's okay with you staying the night." I nodded smiling, slightly my phone rang. Hello? Hey Izzy -Tanya Do you know what time it is Tanya? Yes, its 3am -Tanya Tanya, I do sleep you know. Oh, did I wake you? –Tanya No, I was awake. If I was asleep I would have killed you. – (Tanya laughed) Sorry. Now, we want to visit you down in Forks for a couple days. –Tanya Sure, when? Next week, Eleazar needs to speak to you about some stuff. -Tanya Sure let's see, tomorrow I'm in Seattle to see my uncle's. Peter's coming down on Wednesday. So I got to do paper work out for them. Charlie adopting them on paper. So they can get into high school. I don't know why through. Thursday and Friday I'm in school. This Saturday I'm going out clubbing with some friends, who are flying in on Friday. There here till Monday night. Then Tuesday, I'm free from school as were parting Monday night, to celebrate me being back in Forks on the Rez, so any day after that. - I spoke. Wow, all that in less than a week. -Tanya Yes, I'm drinking tomorrow. Then on Friday night at Charlie's before we go up to Seattle on Saturday and stay at a hotel for the night. Were going clubbing then to the Res on Sunday. Huge barbecue with drinking again. Then Monday I'm off school taking the gang to the airport. - She laughed Okay, how about Wednesday? Give you a couple days to sober up. -Tanya spoke (I laughed) Well that's sounds like a good plan. I see myself in bed Tuesday with hang over as well as the pack, and gang when they get home. Charlie joining on Sunday. So he'll be in bed as well.- she burst out laughing at that Drinking is a bad habit! -Tanya Hey we got drunk every weekend in Phoenix. Also every holiday as well so we'll be fine. We know also with Peter joining you. I believe you be far from sober dear. -Tanya That was one time in Texas. We got arrested for starting a fight Then driving off drunk. We know who bailed you both out? -Tanya Marcus! Yes his face. How many nights were you banned from anything? -Tanya Two weeks, the old brat banned me from everything. Toys, alcohol, cars the lot as well as Peter. But he couldn't touch Char either. But we certainly got some fun out of it. - I laughed, when I finished I know didn't Peter jump Char when the time was up then helped you out. -Tanya Hey you get very hungry and horny when you're drunk trust me on that.-Izzy We know but no one ever got in you. No why would I need that. When there's other ways dear. -I spoke as we laughed again. Edward was smiling. The others looked shocked apart from Rose. We know dear. Now do spill what are the Cullen's like there? Now how would I know. -I put my finger to my lips telling them to be quiet while I talk Or come on we know about you and Edward. Marcus phoned earlier to tell us the news. Wait till I see him. He phones everyone else and not me, he's dead. -she laughed So come on speak. -Tanya No I must go it's early. I need sleep before going to Seattle later to meet with family. -Me Okay, but we'll talk soon. -Tanya Sure Tanya but right now I'm going bye! - I hung up the phone before she could reply. I laughed, a little opening my mind to Edward. Showing him the times we had together and how we knew each other. He started laughing, at what we've done and where. He raised his eye brows when I showed him being arrested and Char's and Marcus' reactions to that. "You've done all that." I grinned "And more but that just this year. I've known them for about five years now. When I was thirteen. Sam first turned into a wolf because some nomads passed through the Res. I helped him a lot that's, how I found out. That's were I got my scar on my leg. He accidentally scratched my leg when I tried helping him calm down to change back." Silence came over the room then. Till I heard squealing looking to Emmet he was grinning like a three year old. "Wow you've known for five years, about us and wolves. Sweet." Emmet spoke breaking the silence. "Not only have I known but I've played vamp baseball, ridden on a wolves backs and more." Their mouths were open slightly. "That's amazing." I grinned "What human things can you do?" I grinned "I can speak eight languages. I'm graduating early. I been offered six places in top universities across the country. I also have been in some of the best street races in the US and won a load as well." They looked to me amazed again. Please Review, picture links on profile.