manages to maneuver them into a better position. Quil on his back, with Paul draped over him. Hands grab, and touch. Fingers dig into each others skin, bruising flesh in their desperate need to feel. Teeth clash and lips are bitten as they kiss. They moan desperately. Rub against one another, panting into each others mouths when they gasp for air, before losing themselves in each others taste again. Tongues battle as they explore hot, wet mouths. Paul can't help himself as he sucks on Quil's bottom lip. Pulling the others boys plump skin into his mouth, teasing him with his tongue before releasing him. Watching as Quil's eyes glaze over with arousal. Feeling his length thrust against his thigh, as he in turn rubs himself against Quil. No shame or embarrassment here. "Do it." Quil breaths against his mouth. Paul pulls back a fraction to look at him. "Yeah?" He asks, eyes dropping to his bare exposed neck, eyes darkening in anticipation of seeing his mark there. His wolf pacing with excitement. "Yeah." Quil answers smiling as Paul drags his hungry gaze away from Quil's neck. Paul kisses Quil soundly, bodies rocking against one another as he wraps himself around him. He nestles himself between Quil's spread legs, hips thrusting and rocking faster, harder, as they moan louder, their kissing becoming sloppier, more desperate. Dirtier. "Fuck Quil." Paul moans loudly, thrusting as his face drops into the crook of Quil's neck. He sucks at his skin, leaving bruises as he explores, tongue running across the sweat slicked flesh, tasting him. Quil moans as Paul sucks another bruise into his skin. "Paul." Quil begs. Hands grabbing at Paul's ass pulling him closer. He licks a path up Quil's neck, biting on the lobe of his ear before gently speaking. "Are you sure Quil? Once we do this there's no going back." His breath entices a moan from the other boy. "Yes, fuck yeah. I'm sure. So sure." Quil begs. Paul smiles against Quil's neck, licking his overheated skin, kissing his way towards his neck, taking his time, teasing him as he runs his tongue up and down the column of his neck, enjoying every sound that escapes his mouth, every stuttered breath and squeeze of his thighs. "Wanted you for so long." Paul, whispers, causing Quil's heart to swell. His fingers gently tilt Quil's head further to the side. "Now you're mine." He states before sinking his teeth into the flesh of Quil's neck. The other boy grunts from the pain, fingers digging into Paul's arms, as he arches off the bed, pushing Paul with him. "Jesus Christ." Quil moans, as he clutches at Paul, holding the other boy to him as the pain turns into one of pleasure, he can feel their connection, feel the power behind the intent. He's moaning louder as Paul's teeth sink in deeper. His wolf howling with joy. Before Paul's carefully extracting himself. Moving slowly as not to hurt Quil. He hovers above his neck, eyes fixed on the freshly marked skin. Then he's leaning forward, lapping at the wound. "You OK?" He asks softly. Quil opens his eyes and smiles. "Yeah, that was fucking amazing." He's a little breathless and very fucking turned on. "Yeah?" Paul smiles down at him. "Fuck yeah." Quil flips them then, Paul's smaller body under his as he pins the other boys arms to the bed playfully. "I could feel our connection straight away. Feel you." He adds with a thrust of his hips. "How do I feel?" Quil beams at him. Eyes bright, happy. "Like home." He answers, before surging forward and kissing Paul. Quil doesn't waste any time, he attacks Paul's mouth, tongue slipping inside as he thrusts against him, fingers flexing against the other boys wrists as he holds him in place. His wolf his happy, ecstatic. He wants this just as much as he does. To mark and claim the boy beneath him. His eyes land on Paul's bare right shoulder and his wolf howls. There he's saying. Put our mark there. Quil nips at the skin, licking it before biting down. Not wasting anytime in claiming his mate. Paul arches beneath him. "Holy fuck!" He calls out. Hips thrusting upwards as Quil bites him harder. "Jesus…" Quil circles his hips against Paul's. Moans at the feeling of their hard lengths beneath the layers of material. He angles his hips so their dicks rub against one another. Again and again, until Paul's crying out beneath him. "Fuck Quil…" Paul's words break off as he plants his feet on the bed and pushes upwards just as Quil thrusts downwards. They cry out together. Quil releases Paul's shoulder, licking at the mark, sucking at his neck as they hold onto one another. Panting into sweat covered skin. Lips seek out each others, as they lose themselves in a kiss. Fingers intertwined their breathing begins to slow. Finally gaining control of themselves. "Jesus Christ." Paul mutters. Body relaxed as he lays next to Quil. "I know." Quil laughs, fingers still intertwined. Paul touches his neck, fingers running across the uneven skin as his body shivers from the contact. "I can feel you." He tells Quil. "It's like a thrum, no… I don't know exactly. But you're here." He moves his hand around his body. "Every where." "Yeah." Quil agrees. "I know what you mean." "Can you still feel the imprint? Shit, did it work?" Paul sits up quickly, turning to look at Quil. Quil lays there quietly, eyes closed. Mind searching. Paul watches cautiously. He hopes it worked. Prays that it did. Quil opens his eyes, looks and Paul before smiling slowly, softly. "I can't feel her." "No?" Paul questions. "No, nothing. Not a trace of the imprint. It's gone." He smiles, big and bright. Pulling Paul down for a chaste kiss. "Oh thank fuck." Paul laughs, foreheads pressing together. Relief thick in the air, as he leans in, to kiss Quil deeper. To kiss his mate.