Edward and I. "I apologize for my son, he can be hot-headed and a bad listener." She lifted the hat off of her head, allowing me to see the masked beauty's face. I stared in awe, this woman was incredibly beautiful. i have never seen anyone like her, and I felt something more for her. "My name is Esme, I am the Captain of the Swisher Cullen. I will help you fix your ship up if it means you and I can be at peace." She lifted her hand up to my cheek, caressing my skin with her thumb. I couldn't move, only blink and nod my head to whatever she told me. Esme grinned, staring into my eyes with a certain want. "You said… Mate. What is… A Mate?" I spoke through my hazy stare. She wasn't seducing me, and I am sure she has a man all ready. A woman like her should have a man, she is too beautiful and… Princess like, for her to be left alone. I can only say that I wish I had found her earlier. I want to be closer to her, my body was getting hotter and hotter. My heart beat was faster than it should had been, I was sure I'd have a heart attack. "Mate os someone who I have searched for all my life, and now you've come to me. You found me, Grace." She looked over at Jasper and muttered a command to him, he nodded and lifted the knocked out Edward on to his shoulder. "You're different as well, Grace. You feel it don't you." I blinked, looking up at her after watching Jasper take Edward away. "I… Feel warm, and like something else is inside of me. I'm not alone. What does that mean?" "All can be explained in due time, but as of now…" Esme's voice lowered to a whisper, I could feel her cool breath against my hot lips. "I want to test something." She whispered with a smirk, grazing her cold lips against mine. Tease. "May I, Captain?" With a single nod Esme closed the distance, our lips crashed against one anthers in a blissful kiss. This has to be the first time I have kissed anyone, let alone a woman. Her lips had a hard feel to them, but the softness of her lips and the sweet taste of her mouth were all to overwhelming. I felt her tongue slip past my lips, moving against mine in a battle for dominance. I tried my best to win, but being that this is my first time I lost immensely. I heard her chuckle, her arms wrapping around my waist as the kiss became more heated. My hat fell to the ground, I hadn't a care in the world because as of right now I was about to go further then I ever have. The plus side of this is that I'm not scared to go the extra mile. I want to. Esme pulled apart after what seemed like hours. My lungs were burning for oxygen, I had not imagined this is the outcome of making out. Esme watched me pant for air, my cheek flushed a dark red over my cheeks and down to my neck. I wasn't scared, no, but I'm embarrassed about not being able to please her in return. Shyly, I lifted leaned my head forward, resting against her bosom. She stroked my back, caressing my hair with the other hand. "I never would have thought my mate would be a girl, but I was open to the possibility." "Would you have wanted your mate male? I can't give you children since I'm a woman." Esme sighed, sliding her fingers through my thick, short hair. "No, you can't give me children honey, but I don't think having a baby is the right thing for us at the moment. For now, I need to tell you something. Grace…. Grace….. Grace." I frowned, watching as everything was washed away by the roaring waters. I moved past Esme, putting her behind me as the waters swept us across the ship. I gasped for air, looking around for her. I couldn't find anything but her hat, the water must have taken her under. I took off my coat and jumped into the unforgiving sea. I can't lose her, she just found me and I feel so alive with her next to me. I spotted Esme swimming up to the top, she didn't look horrified or scared, she also didn't released any bubbles while she swam. Wasn't she breathing. "Grace… honey, wake up." I glanced up at the top of the water, I could see the reflection the sun shinning through the clouds and over the water. It was nice, I was able to find a woman who claims me. I got to make out with her, but not doing much more then that. I heard my name being repeated over and over, the water around me started to rock and crash as I rose up for air. I jolted up in my bed, staring at my wall in a panting haze. It was all a dream, everything was a dream. I sighed, getting a hold of my breath so I could think clearer. I felt a cold shill climb up my spin, and I frowned wondering where the draft was coming from. The window to my room was open, but swear I shut it right before I went downstairs to help my dad with the boxes. What if the mystery person came and visited me last night? I should panic. Race to my father's room and get him to call his new friends and tell them about the intruder. To me, this wasn't an intruder, but someone I had yet to meet face to face. x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x=x What did you think? Should I continue this story or keep it as it is? Review and Favorite kiddo's, you all know you want to. \(^_^)/ Yay!