the news that we were going to be parents privately. Now, due to Bella's medical condition, we were forced to announce the pregnancy before we had liked to. We wanted to keep it private at least until the 12 th week, if not longer. We liked our private life to stay private but being such a high profile couple made that hard, especially when Bella was admitted into hospital. So a few days I released a statement announcing that we were expecting, and now Bella is about to face the sea of press that have been camping outside for the last 3 days, waiting to catch a glimpse of my wife and her barely there bump. " Okay, let's go love." I say, reaching for Bella hand. We say goodbye to all the staff that have been taking care of Bella and the baby, thanking them all one by one for everything they have done. Bella was finally given a beautiful bouquet of flowers, which she always loves being given, that she clutched in her free hand, her other laced with mine. " Here we go…" Bella whispers, squeezing my hand tightly, as we make our way out the doors of the hospital, onto the front steps. The lights are blinding. They always are. But Bella has gotten used to it now and handles it like a pro. A reporter shouts out to Bella, asking if she is feeling better, to which Bella smiles and nods, before we head to the car that will take us to Kensington Palace. Once in the car, Bella physically relaxes, letting out a small sigh. " That was your first time in front of the press, little one, and it won't be your last." Bella says softly, patting her belly as I lean over and kiss her softly. BPOV "Okay, this is it Your Royal Highness… The baby's coming; I need you to start pushing" Dr Setchell says, looking up at me from where he stands at the bottom of the bed. "Bella… please… Oh God…." I cry, as another contraction starts. "Its okay love, come on, you can do this. You are so strong. Just a little longer and that's it, the baby will be here." Edward shushes reassuringly, one of his hands holding mine, the other stroking my hair, as I huff and breathe through the contraction. "I can't Edward… I can't… I'm so tired." "I know love. But just think we will get to meet our baby really soon. Just a little more." "Aggh… okay… you're right…" "Okay, on the next contraction you need to push, Your Roy- umm… Bella" Dr Setchell says. "Okay…" "Here we go… Push!" Dr Setchell says, as my stomach tightens with a new contraction. "Arggggghhhhh…..oww… oww…" I groan, as I push with all my might, holding tightly onto Edward hand. "That's it! Keep going love, you are doing so well" he encourages. "Ahhhhh…." "Okay, that's it. You've delivered the head. On the next push Bella, you will have your baby." "He, or She, is nearly here love." Edward whispers, his eyes meeting mine showing nothing but love in those emerald green orbs. "Okay… I'm ready… I love you." I say to him softly. "I love you too." He smiles. "Here's the next contraction" a nurse announces. And that was it. I pushed with all the strength I had left. Edward holding my hand the whole time, by my side as our baby was born. And I have never heard such a beautiful sound as its first cry. It made me cry. "Congratulation, Duke and Duchess, you have a beautiful baby boy!" Dr Setchell proclaimed happily, handing our boy off too one of the nurses to check over. "A boy, love. We have a baby boy. I am so proud of you. Thank you Bella, thank you so much." Edward said, grabbing my face softly between his hands and kissing me. "Our baby boy, Edward. I'm so happy. I love you." I wept, as the pregnancy hormones and tiredness taking over me finally. "I love you both, so much" Edward replied, placing a sweet kiss on my forehead. "Baby wants to meet Mum and Dad" our nurse, says to us, as she hands Bella a small bundle. Bella's face softens instantly as she holds our baby for the first time, cooing softly to him as she stokes his cute chubby hand that appears from the bundle. "I'm your Mum and I love you so much," Bella says softly to him, "And this is your Dad. You are just as handsome as he is" she finishes, smiling softly down at him. "Hey little man you kept everyone waiting buddy. There are a lot of people that want to see you. But your mum and I are so happy to have you here, with us. Our perfect little family" I whisper to him, hugging Bella close to my side. EPOV "Are you ready, love?" I ask Bella, as she smooth down her blue dress in the mirror. "Just about." She sighed. "You look gorgeous love." "You have to say that" she replied, with a small giggle. "I don't. It's true though. Don't you think, little man? Mums pretty right?" I ask our baby boy, who I hold securely in my arms, bouncing him slightly. "Why thank you Edward…and thank you George. Now pass him to me. Mum wants a cuddle." Bella says, holding out her arms. Bella was a natural mother; in just the three days since George was born she has shown that. "There's my little Prince George Alexander Louis. Are you ready you meet the world?" Bella asks little George, who is wrapped in a white blanket, bouncing him lightly in her arms. "He was born ready" I joke, making Bella laugh, "Let's go then." And with that, Bella and I head outside to introduce to the world, the third in line to the throne, Our Baby George. The End. Please Review! Hope you liked it! xoxo