yet." I said. Edward stood there for a moment and then smiled at me, he pulled me closer. "You know what they can come find us, because I don't want this to end yet either." We went and found a spot under a tree that was dry and started to talk while he held me in his arms. I couldn't believe this. Edward and me are together finally. He kissed me. As time went by Edward and my feelings grew stronger. We didn't sleep with each, well not in sexual sense, not that we didn't want to because we did, we just agreed until we were both ready and we both were sure thats what we both wanted. It had been over a year, and I had gotten home from school, one day and there was Phil and my Mom sitting in the living room. "Mom What are you doing here, it's so good to see you, I missed you so much." They said they had something to tell me and that I couldn't fight them on this. My mom was pregnant and I had to go live with them and help my mom with the baby. That I will be moving to Phoenix at the end of month. "I have a life here I have a boyfriend school a best friend and you want to rip me away from it." I ran out the door. I didn't know what to do. I just ran. My phone started to ring, I looked it was Edward how do I tell him?" My heart just breaks. I can't talked to him yet. I don't want to do this. I ran into the woods and thought maybe if I just kept going I just could get lost. It was dark and I was tripping over stuff, because I couldn't see. I started to see a storm coming. Great what next now. I finally fell to the ground and just wrapped my arms around my stomach and just cried. My phone went off again. It was Edward. I decided to finally answer his call. "Bella, thank god, everyone is worried about you. Even me." I just didn't want to leave Edward, or my life in Forks. "Edward I don't want to leave but there making me." The phone went silent. "Bella what are you talking about, what do you mean leave? Where are you now." I forgot he doesn't know yet. "I'm in the woods, it was the closest thing I could think of when we first got together I guess." He asked me where I went in at and what my surroundings were for what I could see. He said it sounded familiar, that he be right there. He stayed on the phone with me until he found me. He grabbed me and wrapped his arms around me. "Edward I got home and my Mom and Phil were there, my Mom's pregnant and they told me I could not fight them on this that I was moving to Phoenix at the end of the month to help with the baby. I just ran out of the house. I don't want to leave you, Alice, or my Uncle, my dad. I don't know what to do. I love you too much." Edward froze when I said that. I can't believe I said that out loud. "Did I say that out loud?" Edward took a deep breath. "Yeah, you did. It's the first time to." I just sat there a moment. "I guess I didn't realize how much I really did love you until this happen. I should of kept it to myself then." What did I do. My life is going down hill and I just made it worse by telling him I loved him. "I'm glad you did Bella, because I love you too." I Sat up and look at him. "Now we have a problem." I turn and kind of straddle him so I can face him. "This really stinks, I hate that I have to move. I don't want to." I wrap my arms around his neck. "Bella I will always love you at least we have until the end of the month to spend with each other. Let's make a promise though to each other right here, that we will always find a way no matter how to keep in contact with each other." "I promise you Edward." But no one else knew this or even Edward, but I made a promise to myself never to feel like this with anyone else only with Edward, because I knew in my heart that he was the only one that could make me feel like this. Edward leaned forward and started to kiss me and this kiss was so different than the other times, I knew then he would miss me, my heart will stay here with him. This ends chapter 1 Next chapter Bella says her good byes to everyone, it's the toughest thing for Bella, having to leave everything she ever knew her who life, and leaving behind the one she loves. I do not own some of my characters or some some parts of story Stephanie Meyer does. I own the rest of the characters and story lines though. Feel free to comment on this. Once I get further in the book you will understand the why I did the first part. I do warn you as I do go further in the book I might have to change my rating of my book. I will have graphic details of whats happening to Bella. I have a habit of going into detail to where it feels like your right there. I get involved in my writing so for give and I you enjoy this book. I'll be working on this in between my series wanting a life change. I'm working on the second book of the series called forever changed. Chapter 3 is almost done, its a long chapter.