man space. I can't totally hand over my dick to her along with my heart," Jared answered earnestly, once again wearing that goofy, love struck grin on his face. Slowing his pace, Paul held his arm out in front of Jared. "Shut the hell up before someone thinks we're dating each other or some shit. That grin you've been wearing all damn day could blind a bat." "I can't help it! I know she'll say yes and that we're pretty much already a couple and everything, but this just kind of seals the deal." "As I seem to recall, she already said yes along with 'Oh yes, Jared. Right there! Harder!'" Paul mimicked in high falsetto. "Not again, Paul! You weren't supposed to be out on a patrol in that area anyways. I can't help it that she appreciates my wolfish ways," Jared chuckled lowly. He wasn't embarrassed to have been caught at making love with Kim; Paul knew that. "And I wish to god Sam hadn't asked me to go check out what inexplicably sounded like dying road kill. But he thought it might have been a confused bloodsucker trying to fuck a deer or something." "That's not even funny, Paul. Just cause you fuck nothing but hard bitches who only moan on cue and not from pleasure, doesn't mean the rest of us don't get the real thing when we're having sex." "I can assure you, Jared, that any of the bitches I fuck are not moaning on cue. They moan because they've finally gotten a lay that was worth something." Over Jared's shoulder, Paul could smell the stench before he saw the source, killing his train of thought. Darting in and out of people, amongst the crowds was a small dirty urchin of a girl. Paul watched her with the eyes of a non-interested predator. It wasn't unusual for people to pass by the likes of him or Jared on purpose. Women especially gravitated towards their kind. This little one however seemed different. She wasn't approaching them to silently swoon at their good looks, or casually bump shoulders in hopes that they would ask her out on a date. This girl had a purpose and it amused Paul's dark side to see what it was. Jared snapped his fingers, aware that Paul wasn't giving him his fullest attention. "No more comments about my girl, okay?" Jared asked. He knew how Paul was, but it still bothered him to be razzed about his imprint. Paul's eyes jerked back to his friend. "Whatever. You want me to shut the fuck up then I suggest you keep those types of activities to an inside variety and not out on the Rez where the entire pack can hear and see." She was fifteen feet away now. Paul could still see her and was eerily intrigued. She moved skittishly and ungraceful, constantly bumping into the throngs of people hurrying to and fro. "Says the wolf who fucked some bitch on the cliff top while the rest of us had our families down on the beach for a family picnic," Jared snarled, not amused. "I'm not kidding, Paul! It was an accident and one that will probably be repeated-" Paul had yet to actually see her face, but judging from her clothes and smell, he figured he wasn't missing much. At ten feet she stopped, seeming to bowl over slightly, clutching her mid-section. What was she doing? "-many more times. Let it go!" Jared's voice cutting back into Paul's musings. "Alright, Jared. Fine! Fuck, let's go buy your cock-ring ,so we can go back home," Paul snapped, immediately wishing he hadn't said it so loudly. It was supposed to be a dig at Jared, but the few women who stopped to gape at them told Paul they were thinking the worst. Addressing a middle aged mother whose mouth was opened the widest, Paul snidely spoke to her. "My brother's boyfriend insists he wears such things. I don't agree, but I can't forsake my brother's choices now can I?" Unable to even speak, the woman just nodded her head in agreement before breaking eye contact and hurrying her pace. In the time it took for Jared to do some of his own gaping at Paul, the urchin had moved closer. Finally closing his mouth and eyes as well, Jared took a deep breath. He was never, yet simultaneously always, surprised at what came out of Paul's mouth. Jared quickly wished to once again explain that when they entered the jewelry store, Paul need not say anything. He never felt the movement of his pants as a small girl jacked his wallet, but as soon as she turned to run, Jared's eyes snapped open. "Jesus fuck, what is that god-awful smell?" Turning around he watched as a small dirty figure raced through the people, realizing too late that he was light one wallet and forgetting all about Paul's early reference to him having a boyfriend. "Thief!" Jared called out, running at a fast pace to catch up. Paul laughed quietly to himself before picking up pace behind his friend. They couldn't run overly fast with so many witnesses, but being built as they were, some speed was to be expected. "Give it back, you bitch!" Jared called again as he advanced towards the retreating figure, Paul right at his heels. Paul thought it was slightly comical. Werewolves were built for fast reflexes and sudden responses and here a simple waif of a girl had managed to rob Jared of his wallet. When she had turned to judge her pursuers distance though, Paul was singing an entirely different tune. Her whole being reeked of despair, her eyes included, but when she stared directly into Paul's his world had changed. Seeing beyond the dirt, filth and poverty, Paul felt connected to protect, worship and pleasure her. Before she had turned the corner, Paul had sped past Jared, almost within reach of what was soon to be his.