that have me all sorts of fucked up. I had been casually seeing Angela for almost two months and hadn't felt a fraction of what a text message from Bella makes me feel. That's how I know. That's how I know that whatever is happening is something completely beyond my control. I am powerless; a word from her renders me speechless and oh, hold on- she just texted me back. Ugh, I'm so that guy . Yes. Can't miss my morning run. Will you still run while you're here? Here. Oh, yes, did I mention that I'm going back home for an early Christmas vacation? I planned on going home for a few days for Christmas like I always do but I decided to extend my vacation. By two weeks. My parents are thrilled, I am still in a state of shock, and Emmett is fucking clueless as to the real reason why my sudden interest in all things Forks. I text her back almost instantly because it seems that's what we've been doing for the past two weeks - a steady stream of texts without any fucking rules about how long you need to wait before you text someone back. Just a good old fashioned conversation between friends. I plan on it. We should do it together. So much for my plan to keep things strictly friendly between us. Okay, awesome. The earlier the better. Can you do early, Cullen? I groan at the thought of waking up early on vacation but Bella may be the one and only thing to wake me from my love affair with sleep. One of the many things I look forward to when I go back home is the laptop turned off, my work phone disconnected, my bed and the room darkening shades that hang in my room that makes it look like it's three in the morning the whole day long. How early is your early? No later than 8. Maybe I need to rethink things . Even on vacation? She responds quickly , Even on vacation. You're killin' me, Smalls. You love it. I'm a dead man. xxxx "Is it true? You're leaving in a week?" Shelly pokes her head into my office sometime in the early afternoon, looking at me incredulously. "Good news travels fast, I see." I motion for her to sit in the chair across from me and she makes herself comfortable. "Shocking news is more like it. What's going on?" I sigh and toss a pen on my desk, and it clanks a little too loudly against my empty coffee cup from the morning. I must have worked through lunch, trying to arrange for my luncheons to be conducted over the phone before we all leave for vacations. Most of my clients close for business until the New Year, which means I have to have all my documentation and other arrangements signed, sealed, delivered and waiting for when they open their doors again. Typically, this is no problem for me. I usually work my ass off until the day before Christmas Eve, hop a ridiculously crowded flight and pay through the nose for it, and come back on New Year's Day ready to rock 'n roll. Not this year. Since I decided to go home early, all of these deadlines need to be completed in a week. I run my fingers through my hair, tugging on the ends so they stand up in every direction, a shout out to everything in my life causing me stress and to look like Jim Carrey in Liar, Liar when he finds out the goddamn pen is blue. "I don't know what I'm going to do, Shelly." This is the first time that the words are coming out of my mouth, and into the ears of another person. I panic at the thought, almost as if my speaking the words puts my problem into existence. It makes it seem very real and not just thoughts in my mind. "I can see that. You're not hiding it very well." She's trying not to laugh at my expense but she's failing to succeed. "I can use some advice once you're done laughing at me." "Alright, alright. I'm sorry. I'm just not used to seeing you like this." "Seeing me like what?" I pinch the bridge of my nose with my fingers, clamping my eyes shut, hoping that if I squeeze them hard enough, I'll be transported back in time. Back to the day before Thanksgiving, before I walked into the Swan's house and saw her standing in the kitchen, perfecting the pies that she had worked so hard on. "Edward, since you've been home, you're either late for appointments or so on edge that you arrive an hour early. You're forgetting to call your clients back, working through lunch. It's not like you." She crosses her arms over her chest. "You know, I filed the receipt for the flowers you sent Angela last week. And the apology note that went with them." Fuck. I shrug, aiming for nonchalance. "We just weren't right for each other. We had a great time together but that was all. No fireworks." I know there are fireworks between people, sparks that ignite from nonexistent beginnings. I never really believed it until not too long ago, but immediately I knew. I felt it. I knew in that moment that I felt something strong, something I had never felt with a single soul in the thirty years I walked the earth. All I knew was that once I felt it, I needed it again. I needed more. Craved it. Apparently, I would give up a friendship of twenty five years just to feel a single firework from her again. "Ok, Romeo. Spill it." So I do. xxxx Aiming to have this completed by New Year's, fingers crossed! I do have two little boys running around here somewhere so I can't promise a posting schedule but as always, I will try.