down onto the couch. Alice, however, was still wide awake and from her seat on one of the chairs she peppered Bella with questions about Forks, Charlie, school, and herself. "Well, you picked a good week to start, anyway," Bella told her in response to one of Alice's questions about school. "We're off this Friday for a Teachers' workshop so you won't even have to suffer through a full week." "Oooh, that means a three day weekend!" Alice said excitedly. "Maybe we can go up to Seattle or something!" Bella agreed as the doorbell rang, announcing the arrival of their dinner. Bringing one box into the living room, they dug in ravenously, quickly finishing the first one between them. Somehow, Alice managed to keep talking and asking questions even as she polished off five slices. Bella tried to keep up with her cousin's rapid pace of talking and she was still being inundated with questions when the front door opened. "Uncle Charlie!" Alice squealed, jumping to her feet and running over to throw her arms around her uncle. Bella bit her lip to keep from giggling at the terrified expression on her father's face before he tentatively put his arms around his niece and gently hugged her back. "It's so good to see you!" Alice exclaimed as she pulled back. "You look just how I remember you!" "Um, hi, Alice. I'm glad you made it here safely." "There's pizza in the kitchen, dad," Bella said when he looked over to her for help. "I know you're probably starving." Charlie excused himself and went into the kitchen while Alice joined Bella on the couch. A few moments later, Charlie rejoined them, a plate with several slices of pizza in one hand and a can of his favorite beer in the other. "Bells, whose car is that in the driveway?" Charlie asked as he settled into his regular chair. "That's mine, Uncle Charlie," Alice responded. "I really didn't want to be without my car and it's a pretty nice drive if you divide up into two days like I did." Bella expected Charlie to at least look a little concerned about Alice's long drive but he didn't really seem to mind. In fact, to Bella's surprise, the three of them easily fell into conversation and Bella was relieved to see how well Charlie and Alice seemed to take to each other. To say Charlie wasn't a social being was a massive understatement and Bella had been a bit worried about how he would adjust to having another person living in their house. But he seemed pretty comfortable already with Alice and Bella smiled to herself as she listened to Alice ask Charlie question after question. They had been talking for about an hour when Alice yawned and stretched her arms over her head. "I think I'm going to go to bed. I guess it was kind of a long drive after all," she admitted with a sheepish smile. "Plus, I need to call Jasper before I go to bed and let him know I got here safely." "That your boyfriend?" Charlie asked, surprising Bella. Charlie wasn't usually ones for asking questions, especially not personal questions. It looked like Alice might be rubbing off on him already. "Love of my life," Alice responded simply. Charlie nodded as Bella rose to her feet. "Yeah, I think I'm going to head up, too. Night, dad." "Night, Bells. Nice, Alice." "Goodnight, Uncle Charlie. And thank you for letting me stay." Charlie looked caught off guard for a moment but then he smiled at Alice. "You're family, Alice. And we're very glad to have you here." Alice smiled brilliantly at Charlie as she left the room and Bella couldn't help smiling as well as she followed her cousin up the stairs. When Bella reached the top of the stairs in front of the bathroom, Alice stopped and turned to face her. "Thank you." Alice's face was suddenly serious and Bella looked at her questioningly. "For what?" "For doing this. For letting me stay, letting me invade your life." "Charlie was right, Alice. You're family and I'm really happy that you're here. And, um, I'm really sorry about your mom," she blurted out. She and Charlie weren't big on emotional displays so she wasn't really sure how to express her feelings on the matter and she hadn't brought it up earlier because she didn't want to upset Alice, but she also wanted her cousin to know that she cared and that she was there for her. "Thanks, Bella," Alice said quietly. "We barely had any kind of relationship anymore – she was always so busy with work, traveling and everything, that I barely saw her – but it was still sudden and awful and I do miss her. But I also know she's missed my dad every day for the last 11 years; at least now they're together again." The girls were both quiet a moment and then Alice gave Bella a small smile. "And I'm really glad I'm here, too," she said. "I missed you so much when mom moved us to LA. This is almost like getting my sister back." She leaned forward and hugged Bella fiercely for a moment and then slipped past her into the bathroom. "I'll be quick, I promise," she said. "I just want to get ready for bed before I talk to Jasper." Bella smiled. "Take your time. And, um, I can take you around tomorrow, show you school and everything if you want." Alice smiled back. "That would be great, thanks, Bella. Night," she added as she closed the door. "Night." After Bella took her turn in the bathroom 15 minutes later, she returned to her room, closing the door and climbing into bed. As she turned off her light and snuggled down under her covers, something Alice had said earlier came to mind and Bella smiled to herself. Getting her sister back . She liked the sound of that.