bottom of my chin, and gently pulled my gaze up to meet his. When he spoke, his voice was soft. "What's got you scared?" I hesitated, uncertain whether I could bring myself to open up to him. There was a bit of a pull, though; some instinct telling me everything would be okay. I knew what could happen if he were any other man, but I also knew about vampires and their mates. Finally, I gave in to that pull and just let go. "I can't really trust people anymore" I admitted "I'm scared. Is it true? Am I really your mate?" He nodded. "You won't tell me to get rid of her when she's born, will you?" Jasper's fingers drifted upward, to cup my jaw. "No, I only wanna help you and the baby; I'd never hurt you." I swallowed thickly. The tip of my tongue moistened my lips without conscious thought. "O-okay." He moved closer, then his lips touched mine. We kissed for several, long minutes before he carefully pulled me into his arms. We continued kissing, even as he carried me up the stairs. His lips slipped away from mine, and began trailing a delicate string of kisses down my jaw, then my neck as far as he could reach. He turned sideways, angling me safely into a bedroom. He pushed the door to with his foot, and then the next I knew, I was gently settled onto the middle of a bed. xXx xXx xXx Despite lacking the need to breathe, Jasper was winded as he collapsed next to me. He was gently rubbing my belly, smiling as he felt the baby kick. "You looked relaxed, love," he whispered in my ear. I turned to face him with a genuine, contented smile gracing my lips for what might be the first time in what seemed like forever. "For the first time in four months, I feel safe and loved by you," I told him. "It worries me a little that we're moving too fast, but I don't care." Jasper grinned, then the baby kicked a little harder. We got up and showered before going downstairs. The others had returned, and were in the living room. I looked at the time and saw it was now 7:00. My phone went off before I could say anything. "Hello?" " Hey, sis." "Sammy!" I squealed loudly. He laughed. "Calm down; I just wanted to know if you were still coming down to the beach tonight." "Yes, I am. I have some news to tell everyone, and I need food." "He laughed "Hungry again, huh?" "Hey!" I exclaimed. "I'm four months pregnant; I'm hungry all the time." " Okay," he laughed again. "There's plenty of food; Sue made some stuff just for you to eat, and we've got some orange juice, too." "Good, I'll head out at half past, and come down." " Cool. No one's patrolling tonight. We all want to be here to see you." I smiled, looking forward to seeing everyone again. "Don't worry. I'll be there soon." " I know," he answered. "It's just that we've never not had anyone patrol before." "I'll be okay; Peter will phone if there's a problem – you know how he is." " Okay, I'll see you in a bit, sis." "Bye, brother." "Bye." Jasper gently tugged me down onto his lap as I ended the call. The baby started kicking again, which brought a smile to my face. Contented, I leaned back against his chest. "You going down onto the rez?" Rosalie asked. I glanced over at her. "Yes, and before you'll start, I know they're wolves. I've known for years; I was there when Sam, their alpha, first phased. I've helped all of them, just as they've helped me. They've been waiting four months for me to move back, so now we're all partying a little tonight." "Is that how you found out about Vampires?" Edward asked. I nodded. "Yes, then as I travelled, I met others. We bonded quite well. There's Peter and Char; they were human drinkers, but after meeting me, they changed their diet to animal blood. They're like a big brother and sister. Then there's Eleazar and Carmen; they're like my uncle and auntie, and Kate, Irina and Tanya are like cousins. I also have Marcus, Caius and Aro. Marcus and Aro are like uncles, while Caius is like my dad. And finally there's Alistair. He's like an older brother." "You have some high connections and bonds among our kind," Carlisle said. I laughed "Yes." Everyone else laughed to and before long, I was saying my goodbyes as Edward put all their numbers in my phone. He gave it back to me just before I took off to go to La Push. When I arrived, I was met by Sam, who gave me a big hug. The night was filled with laughter and joy, especially when I gave them the news that I'm having a baby girl. When I told them about everyone who would be coming to Forks, they were okay with it. I also let them know that Jasper was my mate; as long as he was good to me, they were fine with that, too. I stayed at Sam's for the night, so I wasn't driving home late. When morning came, I was up at 7:00 and going downstairs to grab some food. Before I left, Sam and Emily said goodbye, and then I walked outside, heading toward my car to drive back to Forks. I sent a quick text to Jasper before I left their driveway to let him know I was on my way to school. When I pulled into the lot, I could see Jasper and his siblings standing near their car. I parked in the next space over; Jasper reached over and grabbed my bag, then kissed me. We walked hand in hand to first period, as well as all the following classes, talking about nearly everything.