I looked out of the window. It was light. I rubbed my eyes and looked down at Bella. "What time is it?" I asked sleepily. "Quarter past ten?" I nodded and looked at Embry briefly before sitting beside Bella and stroking her cheek. "Did she wake up at all?" He shook his head. No. A rumble sounded in my stomach, reminding me it was time to fill the old fuel tank. "She hasn't woken up at all. She tossed and turned a bit and whined a few times, but then got quiet again." Embry clarified. I nodded and rubbed my hands over my face. Food. I needed food. "Oh, and Emily called around nine. She said she'd be over at around lunch time to see if Bella was ok." I grunted a reply and trudged out to the kitchen, searching through the cupboards to find something to eat. "Better not have eaten my Pop Tarts." I grumbled. I picked up the Pop Tart box, but nothing was inside. I squashed the cardboard in my hand and threw the empty box down on the counter. "Embry, you ate my Pop Tarts, you asshole!" I picked up an orange and sneaked to the living room, throwing the orange at the back of Embry's head. "OW." I smirked and leaned against the doorframe. "That's what you get for eating my Pop Tarts and all my food, you ass." I stated. Embry picked up the squished orange and held it up. "Not all of your food." He corrected, gesturing to the orange. I growled and knocked the wall with my knuckle. "How much food did you eat?" I whined. Embry froze and laughed nervously. "Ahah...well uh... You see...uhm...well, I uh ate uh..." I glared at him and slowly walked towards him, my fists clenched. " . .food." Embry pointed to the orange. "Not the uh...orange...aha..." He said quietly. I picked up the orange and threw it at the wall, watching it splat against the cream surface. "I don't care about the fucking orange!" I shouted. Embry held up his hands and cowered slightly. "I'm sorry." He squeaked. I turned away and growled, going to my room and getting a shirt and shoes before going back to the living room. "I'm going to get more food. You can stay and watch, and clean up that mess." I ordered, pointing to the orange splattered wall. Embry nodded weakly and sighed as I stormed out of the house with my wallet. Stupid mutt. Embry's POV: I looked at the obliterated orange on the floor and cringed. "Wasn't just me who ate all the food." I pouted and picked up the orange and threw it in the trash can before I looked around for a cloth and something to clean the fruit off the wall. Opening a drawer, I pulled out a cloth and put some soap on it, hoping it'd be enough to clean the orange from the wall. I finally travelled back to the living room and started wiping the orange from the walls, cringing a little. Gentle footsteps approached, causing me to look down the hallway to see Bella quietly moving along. She jumped a little when she saw me and covered her hands with her sleeves. "Hi, Bells." I greeted. She smiled weakly, the smile not meeting her darkened eyes. "Hey." She replied. I looked at the orange stained cloth and shivered. "Ew." Bella walked closer and raised an eyebrow. "What happened to the wall?" She asked. I sighed and looked at her. "Jake happened." I clarified. Bella gently sniffed the air and dropped her eyebrow. "Orange?" I nodded and walked to the kitchen to dispose of the cloth, Bella following behind me. "Me and the guys kinda ate all of Jake's food, and he got annoyed and threw an orange at me and the wall." I explained as I leaned against the counter. "Jake threw an orange at you?" Bella snickered and tried to cover her smile. I nodded and pointed to the back of my head and neck. I pouted and crossed my arms over my chest. "Only because I ate his last Pop Tart." I mumbled. Bella smiled and nudged my arm. "Come on, show me where it hit you." She smiled, suppressing laughter. I groaned and turned around and pointed. Bella's hand gently touched my shoulder and the back of my neck, making me shiver and jolt. "You have orange on you, Em." I sighed exasperatedly and wriggled. "Is it on my shirt?" I asked, feeling kinda annoyed that Jake had gotten orange on me. "You have a big orange stain on the back of your shirt." She replied. I growled quietly and grabbed the hem of my shirt and lifted it upwards and off of my body, soon turning around and looking at Bella and then the big orangey sticky patch on my shirt. "Ew, that's gross." I whined. Bella cringed and held up her index finger. "It's also in your hair." She added. Ugh great. I rubbed my face and threw my shirt on the counter. "Well, if Mr Black forces me to clean citrus off his wall then I can at least have a shower." I stated. "Oh, I'm sure it was such hard work." Bella teased. I rolled my eyes and smirked. "Well, duh." Bella shook her head and smirked. "Go shower, I'll sort your shirt out." She said quietly. "Nah, it's fine. I'll just steal Jake's clothes." I winked playfully. "He'll only throw more fruit at you." Yeah, that sounded like Jake- and I had a feeling he'd be throwing something bigger than an orange this time. "True, true." I smiled and started walking to the bathroom before I turned my head to look at Bella. "Don't keel over while I'm gone, or Jake'll kill me." Bella smiled and nodded. "Okay, Em." I nodded back and rolled my eyes before finally reaching the bathroom and shutting the door behind me. I'd get payback on Jake...somehow...