last time I didn't quite get you there however have you done it to yourself?" I swear he just loved to see my uncomfortable. "No honey, I told you that I hadn't before. This was, you know, the first time I have. Why? What's wrong?" The largest grin spread across his face as he held me against his body. "Because you are, now what is the current terminology? Ah yes, a squirter. When you came you squirted all over my hand and face." "What? You have to be kidding! I didn't think that actually existed. Oh my God, did I get it all over you? I'm so sorry!" He brought his glistening fingers up to his lips and paused. "Please don't apologise for allowing me to do this." The two fingers he had fucked me with pushed passed his lips and he sucked on them like they were the sweetest candy in existence. His groans accompanied hip gyrations against my stomach. He took his fingers out and licked the parts he could reach, maintaining eye contact at all times. "So, Isabella Cullen," he whispered when he was finished, lifting his shirt off. His abs looked spectacular in the dim light. "Would you allow your very foolish husband," he reached down to undo his zip," to make amends to his beautiful wife," he pulled down his trousers and boxers in one motion, "or being an ass for the first part of our honeymoon?" His cock was nestled between the deep V of his abdomen. Having given myself only to him, and having never felt the need to watch porn, I didn't know how he measured up compared to the rest of the population. It didn't matter regardless, to me he was perfect and he was more than capable of making me feel good. He threaded his left hand around my neck to braid it within my hair. His right hand rubbed up and down the inside of my right thigh. I nodded in response to question. He gripped the base of his cock and rubbed it up and down the slit of my pussy, lubricating himself. He kissed my lips for the first time since the last time. "I love you Isabella Cullen, my adoring wife. Are you ready for me?" "I love you too Edward Cullen. I am ready for you my husband." Edward pushed into me in one full motion until he was buried, moving his hand under to my ass. To have him inside of me completed me. I wasn't fully myself until I was joined with Edward. I wasn't 100% used to him yet so I still felt some discomfort at having to stretch to accommodate him. I was angry though, the ache was bittersweet. "Make love to me, Mr Cullen." "As you wish, Mrs Cullen." He eased out of me half way and crashed back in. he eased out of me half way and crashed back in. he pulled out slightly faster and he rammed back into me. He pulled nearly all the way out and rammed hard back into me. Over and over again. Rinse and repeat. Never ending. His rhythm was increasing exponentially fast until all he was doing was slamming into me. There was silence save for our pants and the sound of our bodies slapping into each other. His left hand trailed down my body, squeezing my breast as he went, and joined his other hand at my ass. He sat up further and pulled my bottom half off of the bed with him. He never faltered in his thrusts through this. My knees were hitched near his elbows. Sports or gymnastics aren't exactly my strong suit but for him I would down anything. When he next pushed into me I hooked my ankles over his shoulders. He gasped loudly. "I didn't think you could be any tighter but here you are, surprising me as always!" He reached down to my face, catching my bottom lip in his perfect teeth. "I promise you that you we will never make love, have sex, or fuck again without you cumming. I solemnly swear it." He kissed me hard as he resumed. It reminiscently felt like the first time. There was more too it though. This was sure and certain. This was bold loving. This new angle made him rub up against a spot deep inside of me which I think he might have brushed against last time once or twice. "Keep hitting where you are honey!" Edward grabbed hard onto my ass a thrust me harder than ever before. I squealed at the joy or having that little spot fucked. He did it again. And again. My stomach tightened, my limbs went rigid. Then my pussy held onto Edward for fear of him leaving. "Fuck, your tightness love! It's making me close, really close. So close! Are you feeling good darling?" I could give the slightest nod and nothing more. My body was unmoving but inside I was writhing in the flames that danced that were lit throughout me. "Edward!" My eyes shot open. This time the gush was more powerful, trying to compete with the power of Edward's hips. I saw the clear fluid spray my husband's abs and coat my ass and thighs. "Bella!" Boiling hot cum spurted deep within my pussy as I was still squirting over us both. Edward did not still until both of us had finished giving all that we had. He was careful not to rest too hard on me when we relaxed and held each other. Despite having no need to take in oxygen he was breathing as deeply and as heavily as I was. I didn't think I could love him as much as I did in that one perfect crystallising moment of joy. He was mine. And I was his. "Apology accepted?" He whispered against my hair. "Only if you accept mine." "Of course. No more arguments. Only love from now on." "Agreed." 6