I nodded, still very distressed, but suddenly with a clearer mind. His strong reaction and comment made me calm down a little and then the truth and the reality of my predicament dawned on me. "I think… Maybe... I'm gay, dad…" I whispered, not sure of how he would be feeling about that, or how I was supposed to be feeling… I was so damn confused that I didn't know anything. He nodded once, took a deep breath and looked deep into my eyes. "It's Jasper, isn't it?" His voice wasn't judgmental. There wasn't not even a glint of accusation in his tone, just concern. I couldn't speak, because the pain hit me hard with the mention of his name, so I just nodded. "I think I knew…" My father said in a sympathetic tone. "Do you… Do you hate me?" I asked, all of a sudden aware that I had just confessed to my father that I loved a boy, that maybe I was gay, that I had just understood all that, without ever thinking if it would be a problem to my family. "Edward, how can you ask me that?" He reprimanded me. "Why, for God's sake, would I hate my only son?" "I've just confessed that I'm in love with… A boy …" I murmured, abruptly ashamed of my realization. My father took my face in between his strong, big hands and pulled me close enough that I could feel his erratic breath. "Never again, not even for one single second, doubt my love for you." He said earnestly. "I'm your father, I'm the person who's supposed to give you all the support you need to be a good, befitting happy person. And I love you . Unconditionally . More than I love anything else in my life, more than I love myself. I would never , for any reason, dislike, let alone hate you, Edward." He exhaled and put my head on his shoulder, hugging me again. "I love you so much, son… It doesn't matter to me who you love…" I closed my eyes, allowing more tears to roll down my cheeks while relief flooded me. "You're not disappointed…?" I needed the reassurance. He pushed me away a little, just for us to look at each other again. "Because you're in love?" He asked while smiling tentatively. "I'm actually content. I thought I'd never witness this part of your life. That you'd never share it with me." "But… It's not…" "Normal?" He questioned rhetorically. "On the contrary… There's nothing more normal than fall in love with someone so close to us…" His smile was a little larger. "You and Jasper… I've never really analyzed it but… I've always felt there was a connection… A very strong connection between the two of you." He sighed. "Of course I thought it was more like a… Fraternal thing… But now… Looking back at it…" "But he's not… Like me, dad." I kind of lamented. "He's… Straight." "Like you thought you were?" He asked, raising his brows. "I remember once you thought you were in love with a girl… What was her name…?" "Angela." "Angela… Your mother told me you asked her how you would feel if you were in love. But I knew you weren't. You wanted to be, this I could tell… But you were not." "How are you so sure?" my question came in an anguished tone, because then I would be sure that I was in love with Jasper for much longer than I was thinking. "I don't know, son…" He sighed again and smiled softly. "But if you had to ask your mother…" He shook his head. "This things we simply know, Edward. It's hard to explain but we know. We feel it in the depths of our souls. You feel it now, don't you?" I nodded. "That's why you're suffering. Because you know, you can feel it's the real thing now." He sighed. "When you were with Angela I just could tell that you hadn't been touched by love yet. Love usually leaves a mark, like… Like a glow in the eyes, or a dreamy expression on the face…" He looked at me pointedly. "An anguished gaze…" It was my turn to sigh. I diverted my eyes from his. "What am I supposed to do now?" I questioned more to myself than to my father. He put one of his hands on my shoulder and squeezed lightly. "Are you hungry?" He asked as if nothing had happened. "Your mother is making that meatloaf you love. We could have dinner, then you can take a shower and, later on, if you feel like it, we can go out and talk, just the two of us. As much as you want and need." I looked at him with a questioning look. "It's always easier to think with a satisfied stomach." He smiled. I smiled back because I felt at ease around my father. He was such a calming person it was impossible to feel disturbed whenever he was near. Of course my mind was still full and troubled. And my heart was aching and bleeding but… I felt so protected, so safe, that all the pain was suddenly bearable. I knew I had all the support I needed. So I nodded, and accepted my father's hand once he was standing in front of me. From then on, and for a long time, my dad was the only person that knew about my feelings for Jasper. The one to whom I would run to, whenever I felt overwhelmed, or jealous or sad… The one I would trust with all my anguish… The only one that would tell me exactly what I needed to hear and the first one to support my resolves, even the ones with which he strongly disagreed. But most importantly, he would be the one person responsible for opening my eyes to the biggest mistake I would ever make in my entire life.