untouched. I had teased Dad that he should buy a boat like the old couple on that lame TV commercial and call it "College Fund." "You never know, Bells," he had replied. "You may decide you want to go to graduate school." So, he had continued to put off the things he wanted. I lived with him off-campus to keep my own expenses low and so I could continue to make sure he had meals more well-balanced then the Schwan's guy or Hungry Man could provide. We lived in the same tiny house he had grown up in. We ate fish he caught. Aside from our trips, we seldom splurged on anything more extravagant than a movie on half-price ticket night. Charlie had sacrificed so that I wouldn't have to worry if anything happened to him. And, as soon as he was gone, I got myself into the kind of situation that make people worry themselves into early deaths. There was no one to blame but myself. I had been the one to see the craigslist ad of the cute, little, Italian-inspired building recently converted to a 'resort' - all the work was done, perfect for someone starting a Bed and Breakfast in one of Vermont's most scenic villages. I was the one who had bookmarked that page at the beginning of my senior year. I had told myself it was just a way to make my senior project more fun. Why not base the business plan I was required to write, on a real place? I was the one who had been so taken in by my own hypothetical marketing and advertising plan that I thought this really wouldn't be such a bad idea. I was the one who had entered all the numbers - including Charlie's savings and life insurance payout - onto a balance sheet and was surprised to find that I could actually make it two years before I needed to draw a salary from the Volteri. I had been the one who begged Alice to make the first trip up to Forks, Vermont with me. I had been the one to instantly fall in love with it. I had been the one to fill a notebook full of ideas - some mine, some Alice's - about how to refurbish the place and possible events and marketing ideas as she drove us back to campus. Nowhere in those fantasies did I make any allowances for an outdated septic system. My two-year slush fund was now looking likely to be diminished in less than a year. And that was if nothing else drastic went wrong. "Dad," I said, looking up at the kitchen ceiling, trying not to focus on the cracks I swear hadn't been there when I had my inspection done a month ago. "Send help - please!" "Hello?" came a tentative male voice from the front hall. "Oh crap," I said aloud, startled. I then bit my lip as I realized my voice echoed off the stainless appliances that surrounded me. Smooth, Bella. You were really made for the hospitality industry. You're so naturally welcoming. "I'll be with you in a second," I quickly shouted at my surprise visitor. I then realized that it might not be wise to just run and greet a strange man who had wandered into my empty bed and breakfast. Yes, this was small town Vermont, but I had been raised by a cop after all. Where was my head - why hadn't I made sure the door was locked this morning, or last night for that matter? I looked around the kitchen, quickly over-ruling the thought of grabbing a chef's knife. With my luck I'd trip again and stab myself. Maybe I should grab the can of aerosol cooking spray with garlic. Yeah, great idea, Bella. You could spray it in his eyes and completely debilitate him -assuming my visitor was a vampire. Nevertheless, I had both hands wrapped around the cylinder, fiddling with the red cap as I made it to the front entrance. For probably the fifth time this morning, I tripped over the loathsome loose step and pummeled head-first into the hall. The cooking spray flew out of my grasp as I landed on my hands and knees. I avoided a face-plant, but not before getting a nasty rug-burn on both of my palms. From this dignified position, I looked up and locked my sight on two, brilliant, green eyes, framed by messy, bronze hair and a crooked smile. The sound of the spray canister rolling down the hall seemed incredulously loud, especially since I could hear it over the blood pounding in my ears on its way to redden my face. I realized it must have hit his foot when he broke eye contact with me to bend down to pick it up. This allowed my gaze to travel down his body. Who the hell was this Adonis? I didn't think this kind was allowed to roam free in the wild - I thought they were kept behind velvet ropes in clubs. Since I could never even think of entering such places, I had partially believed that even there the beautiful people weren't as beautiful in front of cameras as they were in magazines. I realized my mouth was hanging open as he straightened up and met my gaze again. I tried to remember how to work my jaw to close it. I think I might have succeeded for a moment before he said, "Ummm... is your mom or dad here?" I winced. If the Volturi didn't kill me, embarrassment surely would. That's it for this time. Much love and unending thanks to Sunflower Fanfiction for her amazing patience, pre-reading and Beta work. Thanks to Teresa Masen for pre-reading. Also thanks to Discordia for her encouragement getting me in touch with the Cherry Pop Mentors and my ladies. All you fanfiction writers and readers inspire me. I'd love to hear your thoughts on my fic!