crossed, her brows were raised and she was tapping her foot. God I hated when girls did that snooty foot tap. "You do exist then?" I said wiping my mouth. "Excuse me?" "I mean, I've been expecting you to come up to me all morning. It took so long I figured you didn't exist. And now that I know you're real, I feel sorry for you." I glanced at Rose from the corner of my eye. She was smiling and munching away at her potato chips. She was amused. "Are you retarded? Of course I'm real, and why the fuck would you feel sorry for me? I'm cheer captain. If anything, I would expect you to be jealous of me." I rolled my eyes as she flipped her ponytail and rested her hands on her hips. By now the majority of the students outside paused their eating and were looking in our direction. "For one, I'm definitely not jealous of someone who does flips and cartwheels as a 'sport'." I used air quotes around the word sport, don't get me wrong. Cheer is hard as fuck, but frankly I thought of it as more of a club than a sport. "For two, I feel sorry for you because your so called 'boyfriend'," again with the air quotes. "Is a pig. He catcalled at my sister and me this morning like it was 2008 and he didn't get the memo that he was 2000 and late." I heard Rose choke on her water and do a spit take as well as many of the student body laugh. "Yeah like I believe that. I'm only going to tell you this once. Mike is MY boyfriend, if I so much as see you talking to him or even looking at him I will make your life here a living hell." "Oops, too late. It already is." I smiled cheekily at her as she huffed and spun on her heel back inside. I rolled my eyes and went back to my sandwhich. Rose's face was the color of ketchup by now she was laughing so hard tears were streaming down her face. "Man! You are one bad ass chick. I'm Emmett but everyone calls me Em." The big dude from this moring was suddenly in front of me, one hand stretch out for me to shake and the other balancing his tray of food. I took his hand and shook it. "Isabella, but I prefer Bella or Iz. This is my twin Rosalie, but she prefers Rose." Rose had finally calmed down from laughing and was wiping her tears away as she shook Em's hand. Em smiled at her before sitting down on the other side of me. I looked at him with my brows furrowed. He looked over at me. "What" He grumbled threw a mout full of food. "Emmett Cullen, don't be rude! Don't mind him, he's just an over grown child. My name is Alice, and welcome to Forks!" A tiny girl with short black hair appeared, honest to God, out of thin air. I shook her hand and introduced myself as well as Rose. "Honestly, after what I had heard this morning in the parking lot I've been dying to meet you both! I'm so glad someone finally put Mike and Jessica in their places. We just moved here two years ago." Alice had the kind of personality that you just had to love. Sure, she was loud and she talked a little too fast. But I liked her, or maybe it was the soccer wind breaker she was wearing that had me like her. "Alice, Em, are you guys harrassing the Swan Twins?" The other blonde boy from this morning came up behind Alice and snaked his arms around her waist and placed a kiss on her cheek. How cute. "No, Jazz, I was just introducing myself. Jasper, this is Iz and Rose." Jasper gave us a polite nod and hello before turning his attention back to Alice. "Have you seen my cousin? I haven't seen him since this morning and he wasn't in third." Alice shook her head no and Em had to swallow down his food before he could speak. "He told me he had to finish his biology homework from last night after second." He took another large bite from his sandwhich after that. Did this kid not eat at home? "Does he always eat like he's a starving child from Africa?" Rose asked as she peered around me to look at Em. She had a distgusted look on her face when she turned back to Alice and Jasper. "Surprisingly yes," Alice sighed. "I wish I had gotten a twin sister like you instead of a twin brother." She shook her head solemnly, causing me and Rose to share a look and laugh. We chatted a little bit more before the bell rang, signaling the end of lunch. I gathered up my trash and said bye to everyone before throwing it away and making my way toward the science building. Fifth period was the only class that Rose and I didn't have together, and I felt my anxiety rise. As I was making my way to the class, I passed Mike and Jessica in a heated argument. When I walked by Jessica glared at me while Mike not so subtly checked out my ass. I rolled my eyes and opened the door to the bio room. I noticed the cutie from this morning sitting by himself in the front with a textbook and a notebook in front of him. Cutie must also be Jasper's cousin if he's working on bio homework. I went up to the teacher like I've been doing all day to have him sign my stupid paper and direct me to my seat. I was in luck. My seat was next to the cutie. Who knows? Maybe he'll be the next boy I show all my attoos to. Well, I could dream anyway.