you stand up against what you know is wrong, even if it means getting up and talking back to a teacher in a full classroom. I know you love the quiet and solitude because you seek it out, but you don't actually hate people, and you don't actually want to be invisible. You've lit up the past few weeks, ever since more people started noticing you. But I've always noticed you, Edward. You've never been invisible to me." My mind is a hurricane of thoughts and feelings, a complete overload fueled by hope and confusion. I'm sure I look ridiculous, just watching her silently, trying to absorb her words . I was never invisible to her. Flashes of memories pop up in rapid succession, as if my brain just now decides to show me how limited my own point of view has always been. Bella's annoyance with Mike Newton on her first day. Bella shaking her head at the fakeness of her friends' sudden transformations into wannabe hipsters. Bella reaching out in my direction, opening her mouth to speak, but then me, running away before she can because I was somehow sure she would make fun of me. How often our eyes met in the hallways even if she was talking to her friends. All the times I'd catch only a glimpse of her bright dresses walking past in the library, even though I felt as if I was always the only one there. She'd been there; she'd noticed me, had noticed the books I read, even. It seemed too ludicrous to be true, and yet, there was no doubt in my mind she was speaking the truth. "I love what I know of you, Edward," she says softly, interrupting my whirlwind of thoughts. "Will you let me get to know the rest of you?" "This doesn't make any sense," I blurt out because it's the only thing I'm sure of. My world has changed so quickly, so thoroughly, none of it is processed yet. "Why?" I feel another surge of frustration. I know I'm stuck on my earlier argument, but I can't help it. "Because you're still the popular girl. Beautiful, rich, well-dressed. Everyone follows you around. And—" She interrupts me. "Have you ever thought that I don't really want to be followed around? I'm not a hateful person, and I value my friendships, but so often, I crave the easy, peaceful solitude that … well, that I find with you, right here, beneath the trees sometimes." I pinch the bridge of my nose as if that will help anything. "Being alone together is not a reason to like someone." Her face turns into a scowl. "That's not what I'm saying, and have you not been listening to that whole speech about me paying attention to you?" "Yeah, but …" Bella makes a sound that resembles a high-pitched growl; the frustration is evident in her face. "Edward," she says slowly, deliberately. I pause my thoughts and just look at her, taking in her frown, the spark in her eyes, the slight flush on her cheeks, and finally, it clicks what she's saying. We're in two entirely different places in the high school hierarchy, but as people, we're sort of the same, and it's been quietly drawing us toward each other, each of us getting to know the other from a distance. The realization stops my confused thoughts and need takes over. I raise my hand to her face, pushing away a stray hair, taking the opportunity to touch her cheek. "Edward," she mumbles as she leans into my touch. "You said you love me. Do you?" I nod. What else can I do? I am touching her, close enough to her face that I can see the flecks of gold and green in her brown eyes, the individual lashes and freckles, a small scar above her right brow. "Absolutely," I whisper. She lifts her hand, echoing my movements, before she threads her fingers through my hair. "Let me love you back?" she whispers. I'm so focused on her words and the close-up view of my fingers caressing her skin that all my doubts end up on the periphery, forgotten, and I purely follow instinct as I lean in, bringing my face to hers. It's a chaste kiss, nothing passionate like in the movies or what Emmett and Rosalie do on a daily basis, but it's everything to me. From the second my lips touch hers, I'm lost in all the best ways and home at the same time. Her fingers tighten their hold on my hair, mine spread out to caress her, touch her, to bring her as close to me as physically possible. Slowly, our lips move against each other, exploring, nipping, teasing. I could lose myself in her forever, I know. I can't really believe what's happening, but I'm definitely not going to question it right now; she's kissing me back, and that's all I need to know. We stand there for what feels like hours, savoring each moment, all soft touches and caresses. When we come up for air, we both refuse to put more space between us than absolutely necessary, and I'm overwhelmed by a feeling of warmth, of home,that I've never felt before. I know we'll look like an odd couple, with all our perceived differences, but we know better, and that's all that matters. ~ fin ~ Reviews are the best. Please leave me one? :) Note: I have not forgotten about Looks Bad on Paper and WILL continue it when my life stops being insane and busy. It'll be a few weeks before I have time, though. Am currently very busy organizing & hosting the Beyond the Bedroom contest - come find us on facebook if you haven't already! I was also once persuaded to make my own facebook group, which I did. There isn't too much going on there right now, but hey, come say hi anyway at Lotus Wri(gh)tings. :)