I started walking, needing the time to sort my head out. I couldn't think past talking to Edward, but I needed to get the words right. I knew my place was by his side, wherever that might be. Suddenly I couldn't walk fast enough. Approaching the Eiffel Tower, I decided I would hail a cab and just do my best to beg Edward to listen to me, when suddenly I saw a familiar mop of bronze hair. He was standing there, right where we'd shared that first kiss just three days ago, rocking scruffy chic in a hoody and a blazer, his hands shoved deep in his faded jean pockets as he stared up at the tower. I slowed my pace, just admiring his silhouette. My heart ached at the slump in his shoulders. "I hope you're not thinking of climbing that thing, Spiderman," I said as I neared. He froze, slowly turning to face me. "Bella?" he asked, frowning. I nodded, scuffing the heel of my boot into the ground. There was so much I wanted to say to him, but now words escaped me. "Shouldn't you be on a plane?" he asked. His eyes were red-rimmed and he looked tired, but he still took my breath away. "Probably," I replied. "But I left something behind." He swallowed thickly. "What?" "My heart." He sucked in a breath as we stood in a tense stand-off, both almost wary of the other's movements. "I have nothing to offer you," he warned. I shrugged, closing the gap slightly. "Neither will I when they find out what I'm doing. My trust fund will be blocked and I have no qualifications for a real job." His brow furrowed. "I don't want you to suffer for me, Bella." "I'm suffering just by being without you, Edward; I'm missing a part of myself. Everything you said this morning was right; I don't belong in that world. You are wrong about one thing, though." "What's that?" "You do have something to offer me: you." I took another step closer, taking his hand in mine as I gazed up at him. "I'm sorry I was such a bitch; you have to know, I lied, Edward. I couldn't see a way out that wouldn't end in suffering, so I took the coward's way out and thought if I hurt you short term it would be better in the long run." "What changed?" he asked, his expression unreadable. "I realised one day you would move on, and it may make me a horrible person but that just killed me. I know I've done things all wrong, but I don't want you to move on. I was yours the moment I locked eyes with you. I was just afraid. I'm so sorry." "Bella," he murmured, his voice full of emotion. "Are you afraid now?" I nodded. "I'm afraid you won't want me. I'm afraid it's not going to work and I'll be left with no one and nothing … but what's scarier is the thought of walking away." I raised his hand up, kissing the pad of each finger tenderly as tears spilled over. "I don't know if I've blown my chance, Edward, but I need you to know … I love you too. It doesn't seem like a strong enough word to describe what I feel for you, but I do, I love you so much I can't contain it." His own eyes were glistening now as he smiled. "Sweet girl," he said. "I would have waited a thousand years for you to come back to me. I could never have moved on; I would have always been waiting in the wings, hoping fate would step in again. I love you with all my heart and nothing can change that." I gave a watery but beaming grin as he pulled me closer to him, wrapping my hands around his strong biceps. Our breath mingled as we rested our foreheads against each other. Slowly, he brought his soft lips to mine, kissing me gently, sensually. I poured everything into the kiss, and received as much in return. The love emanating from Edward was tangible. When we broke apart, breathing heavily, I was taken aback by the intensity of his gaze. "Stay with me," he begged. "I can't give you the world, but I promise I will love you every day of your life, with everything I have in me. I want to be there for every smile, every laugh, every tear. Things might not always be easy, but I promise I will never let you down. Just stay by my side." "Edward, you've already changed my life for the better," I murmured. "I want you to make love to me every night and I want to wake up every morning in your arms. One day I want to take your name and have bronze-haired, green-eyed, British-accented babies with you." He laughed, a beautiful, jubilant laugh from deep within his chest. "So, yes," I continued, grinning back. "I'll stay by your side. I want nothing more, and I never will." He lifted me up off the ground, making me squeal with glee, and kissed me fervently, this one more heated than before. Wrapped safely in his arms, I knew that no matter what lay ahead, we would be okay, because I had Edward and he had me. It was my own Cinderella story, but I was going from riches to rags, and I couldn't be happier about it. I finally had a place I fit. Maybe fairy tales really did exist, after all. Aww. There it is, folks. What d'you think of a continuation? Maybe see you here soon, as well as other fics that will be reappearing and new ones too! :) Reviews are always appreciated, let me know if you'd like more of this story! You can find me on Facebook, just type the address followed by /loulew87 I also have a Facebook group, just search 'Louise Lewin's Fic Corner.'