out his hand, "Well then, I'm here to save you from yourself." Bella frowned, "What are you talking about?" "When you get upset, you write. Writing's great for that, but you, darlin', use it for an escape." He paused, "I know you, and I know how your mind works, Bella. Knowing you, you're rethinking everything I told you and you're finding a way to blame yourself again for everything that Mike put you through. Right?" She didn't want to admit how right he was, but being her best friend of course he knew that, too. "Come on back to bed." Bella hesitated, but then sighed, taking his hand, knowing that brooding over the situation wouldn't help at all. "Mike, no!" Bella screamed, trying to push him away. He wouldn't leave, and he wouldn't stop hitting her. He kept hitting her, and hitting her. She felt her shoulder pop when she slammed into a wall, and still he kept going. His high school ring caught her in the jaw, and she tasted blood in her mouth. "Please, "she begged him, cowering near the floor, "Please, stop. Please stop..." "Please...Mike, please..." "Bella! "she felt herself being pulled into a sitting position and whimpered, thinking that Mike was still there. "Bella, look at me." No, that voice didn't belong to Mike. It was too smooth and soft to belong to him. She slowly opened her eyes and met Jasper's. "He's gone now, Bells. It was a dream. He can't hurt you anymore. I swear, I won't let him hurt you." Suddenly, Bella couldn't handle being so close to Jasper. He was just so sweet, and calm, and handsome, and so...so...so Jasper! She jerked away from him, and sat on the edge of the bed, folding her arms tightly across her chest. The tears were flowing again, and she hated it. She hated this feeling of loss, and of yearning for something that she couldn't have. Why did she have to be the girl who fell in love with her best friend?! And if she was in love with Jasper, why did she ever settle for Mike?! "I'm so stupid." she groaned, shaking her head in disgust. In an instant Jasper was kneeling in front of her, holding her trembling hands in his steady ones, "You are not stupid, Bells." "Yeah Jazz, I am." Jasper smiled slightly, "Alright, darlin', why are you stupid?" Bella looked away from him, towards the window, "I settled . I settled for Mike, when in all honesty I was never in love with him. I just knew the guy that I wanted wouldn't want me..." her voice trailed off, and Jasper stood, pulling her to her feet in front of him. "Who was the guy that didn't want you?" She bit her lip, avoiding his eyes. Now what should she say? 'You wouldn't want me?' 'I'm in love with my best friend, and I'm a needy mess right now, and of course you wouldn't want me?' No. "Come on, Bells. Tell me the guy's name." "Why do you want to know so badly?" "Because you tell me everything. Because we're best friends...Because I want to find him and tell him how stupid he is for not wanting to be with you." She quickly looked up at him, "What?" "Any guy who wouldn't want you is an idiot. You're funny, and strong, and brave, and beautiful...Who is he, Bells?" She took a deep breath. It was now or never. "You." "What?" "It's you, Jasper. I... I pretty much fell in love with you the day I met you. I know it sounds ridiculous, but it's always been you...I...I'm sorry." she tried to turn away, but his grip on her arms held her firmly in place. "I...wow. Bella. I didn't know..." "Look, I didn't want you to know. I'm not enough for you, Jazz, so don't even worry about it, alright?" And then, right when I expected the loss to come, You didn't walk away. You saw my secrets, and accepted what was there. You reminded me of my worth. You reminded me of my value. "No. Bella," he cupped one hand at her jawline, "It isn't ridiculous. You are enough. You are more than enough. I just never dreamed that you would feel that way about me. I love you." he moved closer and whispered near her ear, "I've loved you for so long. I'm here for you, and I'll stay by you. When you go to the authorities about Mike, I'll be right there with you. You can take as long as you need to heal; I'll help you. I won't give up. I'll support you, and...I...I want us to have a future together. I want to be more than just your friend. Being friends is awesome, but I want more than that. I've wanted more than that for years." You stayed. And then a whole new world opened up inside, And my heart was finally free. When Jasper's lips met hers for the first time, it was unlike anything that Bella had ever felt. She felt warm, and safe. She felt like she belonged. It felt natural to have him this close. It was like, in a way, they had been born for this moment. In that moment, she knew that she had found her miracle. She found her hero, and her angel, all wrapped up in one. She knew that she was safe now, and that no matter what life would throw at her, that Jasper would stand by her side. Of course, it won't be easy, but wonderful things seldom are. They take courage, and hard work, and dedication. But the beautiful thing about it, is that it is so worth the effort. It is so worth the ups and downs, and scars that lead you to it. Even when you feel broken, you can heal. Bella knew that she had found her safe place to heal...in the arms of Jasper Whitlock, her very own angel.