His hand moved down my body as I heard the quick ripping noise of my underwear. My head hit the pillows as the pleasuring feelings overtook my body again. I moaned as the pleasure began to flow through my body once more. His mouth moved all over my body, frantically. I couldn't help the scream that left my mouth as his tongue quickly rubbed against my sensitive clit. His tongue ran up and down my vaginal lips. I felt his tongue enter me. I moaned and grabbed his hair in my fists. "Please... Edward.. I want you inside me... NOW!" Out of no where, Edward was laying on his back and I was on top of himHis underwear disappearing in the process. Each leg on either side of his body. Their was a slight mix of shock in his expression but it was over taken by lust. I could feel his hardness in between my legs. Him just being not even an inch from me made my body go into an animal frenzy. My mouth attached to his in a very power hungry kiss as my hand moved in between our two bodies. His stiff shaft was rapped up in my fingers as I moved my hand up and down his length. Purrs vibrated in his chest as I moved my hand and moved my moth down his body in small kisses and love bites. When my mouth was only an inch from his shaft, I looked into his eyes and smiled devilishly at him. He watched me as I slowly ran my tongue over his tip. My tongue moved back and forth. Then I moved my head down to his base and slightly nibbled on his balls. Giving a few licks and some sucking into the mix as my hand worked his shaft. His back arched as my tongue worked on his length. Flattening my tongue, I licked from the base to the tip of his shaft before slowly taking him into my mouth. My name left his mouth as I bobbed my head up and down on his length, using my teeth lightly. I felt his hands bunch into my hair as his movements made me move faster. I reached my hand down between my legs and slowly touched myself. Moans started to leave my mouth and vibrated around his shaft. I pulled my head off of him and climbed back up his body. Taking him into my hand once more, I brought his tip to my entrance and pushed my hips down. He entered me all at once and I screamed in pleasure as my body began to move like it had a mind of its own. Edward's hands rapped around my hips as I rode him. Animalistic sounds filled the room and I could hear the bed creaking at the speed and strength of our movements. It was a good think that we had some very heavy meddle frames as we have had to many broken beds from our many hours of love making throughout the years of our marriage. I started moving myself up and down at a fast speed on his rock hard shaft. His thrust met mine with every upward movement he made while his hands pulled me down harder onto his throbbing shaft. I loved the feeling so much of him filling me that I would honestly ride him for days. I could feel as the friction created inside me as we moved together turning into hot shocks of pleasure. I was so lost in my movements that I didn't feel Edward move into a sitting position until his mouth moved up and down my neck. I could feel kiss lips and tongue running up and down. Small scrapes of his teeth following every once in a while. I leaned my head to the side to give him more room to move. Out of no where I felt his teeth sink into my skin. A pleasuring scream left my mouth as his teeth sunk into my neck. My body shook like a thousand bolts of electricity moved through me. I gasped for air as my orgasm moved through my body and I pulled Edward closer to me, leaving barley and space between us. My back hit the bed in seconds as Edward was between my legs and started his own movement in and out of me. His movements just causing my orgasm to continue as he hit all the right places. I could tell he was close and I wanted to give him the release that he needed. I pulled his hair so my mouth was right by his ear as I whispered to him. "Keep moving... Edward.. I want you to let go. Cum inside me." I nibbled in his ear. Breathing heavily through my teeth. As soon as the words left my mouth he thrusted in and out a few more times before he released inside of me. My head hit the back of the pillow as my body lifted up off the bed as my second orgasm rocked through my body cause by his release. Our lips met in a loving and lustful kiss. My legs rapped tightly around him, keeping him inside me as my walls clutched around him. I could stay in this position forever. I never wanted to lose this feeling of him inside me. After a few minutes our bodies slowly began to fall from our highs but we never moved an inch. His head went into the crack of my neck as I felt his breath washing over my skin. He lifted his head up and kissed me lightly on the nose as our breathing began to even. We laid tangled together in bed as we looked into each others eyes without saying a word. Our fingers racked though the others hair. "That must have been a good book" Edward said, his signature smirk on his face. "Oh it was my love. It was."