not cruelly but because it was unintentionally funny, and she crosses her arms and sits back in her chair. He says something to her that makes her look a little less angry, and a lot more hopeful. Maybe he can sense my eyes on him, because he finally turns to look at me, already glaring. I'm taken aback, and attempt a smile, but he doesn't return it, instead turning back to the girl next to him. It's then that I realize Emmett's watching the exchange, another shot in his hand. I take it from him and down it, giving him the same shrug he gave me earlier. He smiles uncomfortably, glancing at Jasper. I pretend I'm going to the bathroom, but instead I get a glass of water and stand in the empty kitchen. With the windows closed, I can almost pretend that this party isn't going on at my house. The back door opens, the party loud and then quiet again as the door closes. I hear Rose chattering to someone before I see her. "Feeling antisocial?" she asks, walking past me to get one of my dad's good beers out of the fridge. She expertly pops the top off with a lighter, leaving it where it lands on the floor. Edward walks in behind her and stops short when he sees me, his eyes flicking to Rose before settling on the floor. He shoves his hands in his pockets and leans in the doorway. Rose tips the beer back, looking back and forth between us as she swallows. "Gotta pee. You two play nice." She quirks an eyebrow at me that he can't see as she walks out. That eyebrow says "we'll be discussing this later." Fantastic. I expect awkward silence, but he speaks. "How can you stand it?" It takes me a second to register what the words mean. I follow his eyes. He's staring out the window at the party that's in full swing. People yell to each other over the music, dancing badly, spilling drinks. In the muted quiet of the kitchen it seems worse, looks more pathetic. I study Edward's profile for a moment. He's undeniably handsome, maybe even more so than Jasper. Nothing about him is wholesome, or all-American. He's got the build for football, but he's never had the pack mentality. He's just... different . I think about what his eyes look like from two inches away. What his skin tastes like. How his mouth stays open just a little. How I made him moan. He looks like he wants to say something else, but instead turns to leave. "Wait." He faces me slowly, but looks down. I put down the glass of water and stand in front of him, not close enough to touch if we both reached out. "Last night aside..." I pause-his face remains impassive. "Why do you hate me?" I'm not ready for the intensity of the look between us when he meets my eyes. Mine tear lightly and I clench my teeth. "Because it's all fake," he says. I don't need to ask what he means. He means me. The hurt must be plain on my face. "Then why are you here?" He doesn't answer right away, and we stare at each other for longer than is appropriate. "Open bar," he says, but I know they aren't the words he means. I can't decipher the look on his face when he walks away. There's another drink waiting for me when I get back, and then another. Rose slips something oval into my palm and I swallow it without thinking twice. I don't look over at the corner that Edward's sitting in even once after that. I smile and talk to people around me, but my laugh is hollow and forced. By the time Jasper pulls me into the house I'm floating and high. He kisses me, and for a second I feel safe and warm and I'm almost happy to be here with him. But then he starts talking. "You look so fucking hot." He turns me around and yanks my skirt up and my panties down. He pushes me forward and bends me over the arm of the couch. My mind flashes to my parents, to disappointment and malaise that is never really solved by trips to the jeweler and tropical vacations...to the ache that I can't ignore. I hear his belt, the slip of fabric on skin. How can you stand it? "Stop." "What?" I turn, sitting to face him. "I can't." "What?" he asks again. "Do you want to go upstairs?" "No." "Do you have your...period?" he asks, tripping on the word. "No." The truth is on the tip of my tongue, but I don't say it. I don't trust his anger right now, or the alcohol, or myself. He stares at me expectantly and then sighs, frustrated. "All you do is walk around like a fuckin' zombie," he says, pulling up his jeans roughly. He meets my eyes, and I can see that I wounded his pride. He's hurt. For a second he's fourteen, and I'm thirteen and he's all there is. But we're not...and he isn't. My head hurts, and I wipe my tears away with the backs of my hands, like a little kid. "Fuck" he says, rubbing his eyes, taking a breath. He steps forward and carefully takes my face in his hands as I eye the ceiling. "I'm sorry, baby. I didn't mean it. What's wrong?" He pauses, and then steps forward to pull me to his chest. His arms encircle me, and I remember why I simultaneously love and hate his protection, his possession of me. Mostly, I hate it. And then I know that it doesn't matter that it's the wrong time, or that I'm afraid. I have to tell him. "I slept with someone else." I'm planning to post Fridays, and if I can get it together I'll post teasers...somewhere. Hee. Thank you for reading! xoxo