I understand. Good night, Bella, and Merry Christmas." Once at home, I decide to leave on the outside Christmas lights all night. After getting ready for bed, I settle in with my laptop to write to Edward. The words flow easily. Dear Edward, Happy Anniversary, love. Marrying you was the best thing I've ever done, and I would do it again and again. Spending the evening with our families made me realize how lucky we are to have them. Your parents treat me like their own and our parents get along … thank god. My Christmas wish is that you are safe, wherever you are. The only thing better than that is to wish you were safe and home … maybe next year. I love you. Your Bella Turning off the light, I lie down on my pillow. The tears flow; I can't help it. I miss him and worry about him. In a little less than a year he will be out of the Army, with the knowledge and education it would have taken him four years to complete in college. We can see the light at the end of the tunnel, but right here, right now … it hurts. I doze, my sleep fitful and filled with Edward. I hover in that zone between sleep and awake. Sometime past midnight I must have fallen into a deeper sleep because I'm startled awake by the doorbell. I groggily turn on the bedside lamp, grabbing a blanket and wrapping it around my shoulders as I amble to the door. There is another ring of the doorbell and a knock before I get to it. I look out the peephole, or at least I try to, but it's a bit too high for me. "Who is it?" I use my deepest, strongest voice. I don't hear anything from the other side. Standing on my tiptoes to try the peep hole once again, I see the top of a military hat. It makes my heart stop. "Who is it?" I ask again, my voice cracking with tension. "It's me, Bella. Open the door." Before his sentence is finished I've got the door open and launch myself into his arms. I wrap my arms and legs around him, the blanket forgotten on the door step. I don't feel the cold night air, I don't feel anything but him, my Edward. "You're here!" I repeat over and over again. Hugging him tightly, I pepper any part of him I can with kisses. He holds me just as tightly, his face buried in my hair. "I love you, baby." "I love you, so much." "Let's go inside," he whispers into my ear, moving us inside just inside the house. He moves to set me down, and reluctantly I unwrap my legs and put my weight on the floor. He grabs his bag, and I grab the blanket. Once the door is closed and locked I'm on him again, but this time instead of feeling relief that he is here and safe, I am motivated by passion, by want. When he presses me into the door I feel his want for me, hard and long against me. "Bedroom. Now." He makes quick work of removing my pajamas. Laying bare in front of him, his eyes devour me. I also take time to appreciate how he looks in his fatigues. His smirk tells me he knows what I'm doing. I've always loved him in his uniform. "You can take it off now," I command, and he does. Skin on skin, nothing between us—no continents, no army, no clothing, just us. We kiss, touch, whisper lovingly to each other. When he finally enters me it's like I can fully breathe again, like my strength is renewed. He takes control, giving me what I need, giving himself to me. Words are not needed, our bodies speaking their own language. We lie sated, our breath calming, our bodies still touching, entwined. "How are you here?" "I knew I had a leave coming, but things were so up in the air I didn't want to get your hopes up. I was determined to get here one way or another. I just wasn't sure if it would be in time for Christmas." He sighs. "I missed our anniversary. Happy anniversary, Bella." "Happy anniversary, Edward," I say, giving him a kiss on those lips I missed so much. "But as far as I'm concerned it's still our anniversary." I roll on top of him. "Best. Gift. Ever." I punctuate each word with kisses. And that leads to round two. My man has some stamina. Round three happens when we wake up in the morning, and round four in the shower. We barely leave the house by ten a.m., but I know our families will forgive me when they see why I'm late. I watch him drive, his strong arms gripping the steering wheel, his command of the car. "God, I really hate to share you," I say with a groan. "I know. I feel the same way, but you've got me for two weeks," he says, glancing over and giving me his signature smile. "How's that honey-do list?" "There's only one thing on the list." "Really?" "Yep." "Are you going to tell me what it is?" he coaxes. "Well, you've been working on it already." "I have?" I nod. "Four times." "Four times?" he questions. "Oh! Four times! Really?" "Yep. I went off birth control just like we talked about. If I get pregnant now you'll be out by the time he or she is born. If it doesn't happen now, then we get to keep trying." "I like trying." He smiles. The moment everyone sees Edward walk in the door, the house erupts in excitement. Watching Edward with his family and mine, back home where he should be, is the best present I could ever receive. And once again Edward gives me a memorable Christmas. Our special day. Our Christmas Love Story.