in my register. I made it my number-one task this week to remember them all. There was one I would not forget any time soon. That boy was too good looking for his own good, and if he was anything like his brother used to be, then he would be a ladies' man and a bit of an airhead. Although it certainly didn't look like he was a ladies' man before my lesson today. He looked embarrassed and positively scared at Tanya's brazen behaviour. By Friday morning, I had only a small number of poems handed in, and had to remind each class that I wanted them by the end of the day. Groans followed, and some asked if Monday would do. I reminded them all that three o'clock this afternoon was the deadline; and any handed in after that would be classed as an "F" for fail. After each class today, more and more papers were added to my desk. I was really looking forward to reading them all over the weekend. Tanya Denali surprised me and handed hers in at the end of the lesson. Her friend, Shannon Volturi, demanded an extension. The Volturi's were a notorious force in Forks, known for being bullies and expecting to get their way, also known for doing whatever it took to get it. It looked like the young Miss Volturi didn't stray far from the fold. I politely declined her demand, re-stating the parameters of the assignment and the consequences for failing to complete it. She threw me a glare that could have killed and stormed out, slamming the door behind her. I was pretty certain I had just made an enemy. We'd held some interesting discussions following all the seniors watching the film. Even the boys had an opinion. It seemed to have created the right sort of interest I had hoped for. I was a little disappointed that Edward Cullen had not contributed to any of my class discussions. My colleagues told me he was an "A" student across the board. Not a bit athletic, more into the arts and music. They described him as extremely shy and uncomfortable, especially around girls who, because of his looks, flocked to wherever he was. Mrs. Cope told me, "He's not a bit like his brother, Bella, such a nice young man. Not that Emmett wasn't or anything, just loud and brash. Edward is always so polite, but he's so shy. He plays the piano during every lunch, and he does it beautifully. I often listen to him when he practices. You should come sometime and see for yourself. Although he'd hate it if he knew I was next door listening to him," she said with a small laugh. Why I was so interested in Edward Cullen, I didn't know. I guess the fact that I had gone to school with his brother could have been one reason. Tanya Denali's obvious attraction to him made me feel sorry for him. She was quite the vamp, word of her reputation had already reached my ears, and Edward seemed to be her next targeted victim. I hadn't seen Edward hand in his assignment, and I secretly hoped he would not let me down. By the end of my last lesson, I did a quick count of the poems I'd received. I had ninety-one, and there should have been ninety-four. One which I knew was not there was Shannon Volturi's, so that meant two more pupils had not handed theirs in. As I packed up, my classroom door opened and three pupils filed in and asked if it was okay to give me their poems now. It was a little after three o'clock, but I was not going to quibble over a few minutes. That meant all of my seniors, save Shannon, had done the assignment I'd asked them to, including Edward Cullen. My weekend was spent marking poetry. I laughed at some, cried at others, and cringed at the rest. I had limericks, rhymes, odes and non-standard types, but one in particular stood out. It was so moving and beautiful I gave it an "A+" immediately. I had no choice it was that good. The average grade was a "C+" this go-round, and I reconciled my marks with those of Mrs. White. Moderating the grades gave me a clearer picture of where my students were and how far I could push them to excel in the subject. I emailed my findings and grades to Mr. Bartley for assessment purposes. My eyes kept coming back to the poem of one Edward Cullen. It was quite breathtaking. It had moved me when I had first read it. My love for her will never die As my fingers drift along her My heart soars, my eyes widen with joy There is no other love in my life Every minute I am with her Every time I touch her I feel, I really feel She gives to me in return That which I crave the most A voice to be heard Others take notice when we are together Not jealous or envious Thankful and rejoicing I feel, I really feel When we come together Heavenly angels give thanks I am at peace in my own world She offers me comfort I give her a voice She sings to me We smile together I feel, I really feel. A Poem titled, My Piano, by Edward Cullen. Most of the students had written about love between two people or unrequited love. Edward had taken his poem one step further and told of his love for his piano, the poem describing their relationship. It was exceptional work. I felt he should have been very, very proud. I knew I was. I looked forward to delivering the grades on Monday morning to all my students, one in particular. So, guys, what do you think? Worth continuing? Let me have it right between the eyes. Don't hold back now, I can take it.