seated. So, In an abrupt move, I stood up and hurried to the backyard, not bothering if everybody would notice my weird attitude. As soon as the screen door closed behind me, I was bent over myself breathing heavily. I couldn't be what seemed I was… Could I? No. Something else was happening… I couldn't be… Attracted to Edward. Could I? Could I?! But I was… Straight . I liked girls , I loved fucking girls, I was really good at it! How could I...? No. I wasn't. Something else was happening to me. I couldn't have those kind of feelings for… A guy . But I had. I couldn't deny I felt and was still feeling the need, the anxiety… I couldn't ignore how satisfaction spread through me earlier that day, in my bathroom when Edward was staring at me, scanning my body… And just minutes before when he was touching my hand… How much joy burst in my chest making me feel so secure that, for a split second, I didn't care about anything else… I was in turmoil but it made total sense. It finally made sense. The intense awareness, the feelings that constantly flooded me whenever he was around, the way he had always affected me so much, even more the last few months... I wanted him… I wanted… My best friend and he was… A guy . I held my head in total despair. I was into Edward?! I was… I was into him. How the hell did this happen? "Are you OK?" His voice startled me, and I turned hastily. "Jesus, Edward!" I huffed as recovering from the jolt, my hand trembling on my chest. For a moment he just looked at me, cautiously, his eyes were so gentle it made me uncomfortable. But then he furrowed his brows. "What's wrong with you, Jay? You're acting strange." He said with his kind voice, coming up to me with clear concern in his expression. I closed my eyes for a brief moment, trying to calm down a bit. Why his voice was suddenly the best thing I could possibly hear? When I opened my eyes again, Edward was close, and my hands started to sweat. He raised his brows, waiting for my answer. "I'm not acting strange…" I shrugged and diverted my eyes from his. Could he read on them the way I was feeling? Could he tell I was nervous because he was only few inches from me? Or that, out of nowhere, this eagerness was making me itch to stretch my arms and pull him closer? "You are. You're... Jumpy." He said with a cautious tone. "And I'm not talking about that with your father in there…" He pointed to the house with his thumb above his shoulder. "I'm not even talking about today... You've been like this for some time now… You're just… I don't know..." he shook his head. "I am not jumpy, Edward." It was not my intention, but my tone was a little rushed. "Really?" He asked pointedly. "Really." I replied harshly. He shook his head. "This isn't you." He said calmly. "This is me. You're seeing things that are not there. I'm fine." He got closer and my heart immediately accelerated. "I don't buy it. You know you can't fool me." He was suddenly dead serious. "You're not uptight, and you've never been this touchy before. Something's wrong and you're not telling me. Why?" Edward was exactly in front of me, both hands on his hips, his shoulders upright in a very intimidating posture. He was towering over me. He knew this attitude would make me cave, but I couldn't. I couldn't tell him what I was thinking… It was crazy! I was crazy. So crazy I was yearning for him to get even closer… What the hell?! I looked away from his demanding eyes before I did what I always did. Giving him what he wanted, an answer I couldn't provide, and maybe even more, like a hint about my new found desire for him. "There's nothing going on." My voice was as weak as I felt. "I just… I can't put up with any of that anymore." I said gesticulating at my home's direction before turning my back to him. I wasn't lying. Of course I wasn't the way I was at that moment because of my father's demeanor, even though it really was getting to a point I couldn't bear to be in the same room as him anymore, but, it was a good and truthful excuse to use. Edward knew how my father's severe attitude affected me in so many ways. I knew using that would make him back off and cut me some slack. Soon his hands were on my shoulders, and I knew he was trying to give me some support but, the urge I felt just seconds before struck me again. Automatically (and unwillingly) I pulled away from him not very subtly, reacting badly to everything I was feeling and thinking. I was overwhelmed and pretty confused, to say the least. "OK." I heard the tenuous sadness in his tone and it hurt me. But I couldn't do anything. I couldn't even think straight (what an irony…). "You know I'm here when you're ready." He exhaled heavily. "And that there's nothing you can't tell me." I closed my eyes, wondering if he had the least notion of what he was saying because, there was no way he would be OK hearing what was passing through my mind at that moment. I felt, much more than noticed, when he started to go back to the house, but I didn't turn back. "Don't take too long or we'll get late." He said before I heard the door close. I was so fucked… A/N: So, did you like it? Please leave your impressions, write me a review, please. I need to know if you want me to go on. See you in a week!