to have the windows open so the smell wouldn't consume me. With Jacob's arm over my shoulders I wasn't so cold anymore. This was acceptable. When we got to my place, I took Mike's keys and drove him home in his Suburban. Jake followed dutifully behind to take me back once he was dropped off. The ride back to my place was quiet but comfortable. I gave Jake a glance every now and then just to make sure he wasn't starting to sweat. Even sitting next to me now with space between us I could feel the heat rolling off of him. He parked on the street in front of my house and I finally turned to him. "You can come in if you want," I offered. Jacob shook his head, both of his hands still on the wheel. "I'm starting to feel weird. I think I might have what that kid did," he shook his head and then looked at me. "I hope you don't get sick because of..." I grinned, "don't think it was worth it?" I didn't expect him to backpedal so hard. He shook his head violently, and finally stammered out: "No-that's not what I meant, I-...it was so worth it." I laughed and reached out, my hands found the side of his head as I pulled him to his right. I planted my lips softly on his forehead which was hotter than before. I released him and frowned, "You should get home, Jake, before it really hits. Just call me when you get home so I know you didn't have a fit and crash or something." He nodded and looked back out the windshield and his body quaked for a moment. "Bye Jake." "Bye, Bells." I got out of the car and headed to the porch and grabbed the key from under the mat. I heard the muffled sound of sportscasters on the flat screen, though that didn't tell me if Charlie was actually awake or not. I got my answer when I opened the door. "Bella, you're home early. How was your night?" I walked to stand in the entry to the living room. Charlie was sprawled out across the couch watching baseball, a beer resting on his stomach. He turned to look at me, waiting for my answer. "Not great. Mike got sick during the movie, and Jacob started getting sick on the ride home. Some stomach thing is going around." "Shame," Charlie frowned. "You feeling alright?" "I feel perfectly fine," I shrugged. "I should go get ready for bed. Will you let me know if Jake calls, he's supposed to when he gets home." "Sure, Bella." With that he turned back to the flat screen. I went up the stairs and headed straight to the bathroom to shower. It would give me time to think. I just kissed my best friend, in a romantic way. Things were going to be different now, and I had made them that way. I had set us on a course that more likely than not would lead to hurt feelings and possibly an ended friendship. But he knows it's not for sure , I thought as I rinsed the conditioner out of my Jacob he would just be so happy that we were trying that he would forget about everything else, but I could always remind him. Yes. I'll make sure he doesn't forget. I'll keep it fair. I felt intensely calmer as I stepped out of the shower. I headed into my room, and towel dried my hair before changing into some sweats and a tank top and proceeded down the stairs to see if Jacob called. "Nothing yet," Charlie called over the back of the couch. I frowned and headed into the kitchen and sure enough—Charlie didn't just zone out and miss it, there was no flashing light alerting me to a missed message. I picked up the phone and dialed. I was convinced I was going to get his voice mail when finally Billy answered. "Hello?" His voice was strained and I was immediately worried. "Hey Billy, it's Bella. I was just wondering if Jake made it home okay. He was supposed to call me when he got home." I twirled the phone cord around my fingers as I waited for a response. "He's...here. He's too sick to call," His tone sounded short—clipped. "Is he alright? I could come down tomorrow and help out?" "No-no, that's alright, Bella. Stay there." He sounded irritated. "Okay," my voice came back through the phone tiny and sad. "He'll call you when he's better." Click. I blinked a few times and put the phone back on the cradle. Billy rarely got upset. Jacob must be really sick. I forced myself out of the kitchen before I lost my cool and called again. "Night, Dad," I called out as I went up the stairs. "Night, kid." I shut my bedroom door and looked at my bed. I had been hoping that I could go to sleep as confident Bella who had stepped out of the shower not just ten minutes before. Now I was going to bed with a pit in my stomach in addition to the hole in my chest that was slowly beginning to radiate pain as my separation from Jacob seemed finalized at least for the next few days. I crawled under the covers and turned out the light, and curled into a ball and waited for the pain to spread. I hoped against hope that tonight it wouldn't be so bad. I thought back to the theater and how happy Jacob had been after I kissed him. That helped a bit. So to keep the pain at bay I replayed the scenario picking out every minute detail that I could, over and over becoming increasingly more comfortable with trying every time I did. And so I drifted off to sleep, no longer filled with fear of pain, but optimistic that somehow trying would work.