wander to memories I hadn't visited in years. I would be considered an old man by the standards of my human time in the late 1600s. My father had expected me to devote my life to the church. But, if Bella had been alive then, and I had been a physician instead of a priest, it would have been perfectly normal for me to ask Charles Swan for her hand. Now, even if someone considered the human age my body had been frozen and not my actual age, it would not be acceptable for me to romance this young woman with soulful chocolate eyes. I would have to learn to control the feelings she evoked in me, the same way I had learned to control my thirst for blood. The later had taken decades, and I closed my eyes in a silent prayer that it would not be the same for me to manage my desire for Bella. The possibility that she might also be attracted to me was easy to push aside. I was aware of how young women reacted to my appearance. My vampirical beauty was intended to lure humans to me. But, Bella was clearly an intelligent woman, and I would be careful not to encourage her. However, it probably wouldn't be long before one of the young men at Forks High School would pursue her. I was startled by the sound of a low vampire growl and quickly turned around, looking for the unexpected predator. There was no one, human or otherwise nearby. I laughed nervously as I realized I had made the noise myself. How strange. In a gesture I had adopted from Edward many years ago, I drew a nervous hand through my hair before knocking on the door. Bella called for me to come in, and I smiled to myself, thinking of one of many vampire legends her words evoked. For better or worse, Bella Swan, and her father had invited me into her life. And though part of me realized I should turn and run away for all of our sakes, I stepped through the doorway and intended to stay near this girl as often and for as long as I could manage to. It turned out that Bella was much more than a pretty face and sweet-smelling blood. She had an ethic and intellect I hadn't witnessed in someone of her age for years. It was frankly remarkable for a young woman of this time. We agreed that she would come to my office every weekday after her classes ended, but I honestly expected her to want to ask to change that sooner than later. Though I was joyous at the opportunity to see her so often and she quickly learned how to handle my research tasks almost as efficiently as I could, I cared about how that may be affecting her social life. Charlie no longer ate at the diner every day, so it took me a while to arrange a chance meeting with him. As it turned out, I didn't have to come up with a way to ask about Bella. The Chief pulled the cruiser in just after I had placed my order. When he saw me sitting at the counter, he came right up and asked without preamble, "Has Bella mentioned anything about a boy to you?" "No," I growled through my fangs, before catching myself and covering the moment with a cough. Charlie's eyes were wide, but he was a braver man than most and seemed quickly able to shake off his natural reaction to my anger. "Why do you ask?" I questioned in my most gentle tone of voice. "She's been acting kind of strange," Charlie's mustache twitched as his mouth worked beneath it. "What else aside from a boy could it be if she's singing to herself. And she actually skipped in the kitchen this morning. I mean, aren't teenagers supposed to be grumpy and sullen, especially on Monday morning." "Are they?" I asked, pondering all the implications of what Charlie was saying. Was there a boy at school that had caught Bella's eye? "Could you do me a favor, doc?" Charlie asked. "Of course, Chief," I answered. "I know she thinks of you as more than a boss," he looked uncomfortable. "I'm not asking you to betray any confidences or anything, but maybe you could ask if she was planning on going to that girl's choice dance that's coming up next week." "Wouldn't that be a little strange?" I countered though I was already thinking how I could work that into my conversation with Bella that afternoon. What horrors of the modern age, that girls were not only allowed, but encouraged to ask horny, irresponsible, teenaged boys to a school dance! "Maybe you could bring it up in terms of giving her the afternoon off," Charlie suggested, scratching the back of his head. "I could do that," I said. "Although, if she asks me not to tell you…" I raised my eyebrows in a silent plea for his understanding that I wouldn't break a confidence. "You wouldn't have to tell me if she's going to the dance," Charlie said. "Maybe we could just agree that you'll let me know if she's not." I had to laugh a bit. For a man of the law, Charlie seemed all too comfortable with a loophole. But, as I lived in a paradox of morality myself, I wasn't one to judge. "I'll talk to her this afternoon," I promised. "And maybe see you here tomorrow, same time." "Thanks, doc," Charlie sighed his relief. A/N - That's it to start. If you feel inclined to share some thoughts, please do. I'll be pushing myself to get another chapter up as soon as I can around my full-time job, two hour daily commute, and landlord duties. Until next time, brew up some love and serve it to someone who deserves it - even if that is yourself. 3 LPB