I put the cigarettes down on the table next to his gun, there's a new scent. Smoke. He's already smoking. I turn my head to the right, towards where he's sitting on the bed with his back up against the wall. His black hoodie is on his lap, a green lighter on top of it while his lips hold a white-and-blue filtered Parliament. He doesn't even smoke Marlboros. And I knew that. "I found them." A black and green snake twirls up his middle finger as he opens the empty top drawer of the nightstand and ashes into it. Frustration wants to scream or laugh or cry its way out of me, but I hold. I lean against the back of the closed door for steadiness, but it isn't steady enough. I feel it before I see it, and when I see it I don't know what to do. Down the inside of my thigh, from the inside of me, a trickle slips along pale skin, just a drop but holding in it him, and me, and a moment that just a moment ago, was all mine. So carefully, keeping my eyes down so as not to acknowledge his, I step into the ensuite bathroom, turning all the switches on at once and locking the door behind me. Light bulbs hum to life around the kind of mirror from a celebrity's dressing room. An overhead fan brushes nearly bare shoulders with loud, warm air. Afraid to look in the mirror, I stand transfixed by the droplet that tickles shamelessly on its way to my left knee. It moves, oblivious to everything outside itself, but I do not. I am not. I know what happened here. I was like that. Single minded, letting gravity rule. I wanted to go down too. I got what I wanted. But this little trickle won't. Edward could have spent himself on my tits, or my face. He could have pulled out and left it on my back or on strange, blue bedsheets for someone else to find. Quickly, I slide the little droplet up, my finger cool on overheated, new, raw skin. Everything about tonight is mine. I own it all. I earned it. And I won't let go. I take a deep breath and find my reflection unremarkably mine. My lip gloss is gone, the black around my eyes smudged, but I look like me. Pink-cheeked, bright-eyed, sober, and fucked. Me. Not much different. Only with him inside. Only this me knows what it's like to let a man into her body. Into more. To hold him there. To feel him come inside. I can't help but smile, pulling a shy lip between my teeth. I may look the same, but I'm new. I'm the girl I wanted to be when I left the house earlier tonight, dressed in a too-short skirt and so jittery uncertain. And out of everyone who showed up here, I'm the only one who carries Edward's scent, his mark, and his come with me as I leave. In the next breath, I'm ready, and I open the bathroom door. I didn't hear him move, but he's dressed, sitting on the edge of the newly-unmade bed, lit by strips of determined moonlight, desperate to shine before the sun comes up. He isn't smoking anymore, and I don't know where he put it out. "Want to get out of here?" Climbing down the stairs the second time is easier than the first, little kisses of sour sting almost imperceptible because I'm beside him. Because we're leaving together. At the bottom, I bend gingerly to pick up my handbag, and as I straighten, warm weight falls around my back. His hoodie. Smoke-riddled, midnight black cotton says more than words could, and I feel favored as I slide my arms through the sleeves to silent appraisal. I don't have to look up to know all eyes are on us, and I acknowledge nothing but Edward as I step into my boots, swallowed in the smell of fire, the ocean, and things born anew. He holds the door but walks through it first, and the late night air is smooth and cold as milk on my bare legs and my face, between my still-wet thighs and on my sensitive, freshly raw and unglossed lips. A streetlight-golden breeze brushes my unkempt hair back like gentle fingers, and it seems like a miracle that it's a new day. Midnight's passed, and yesterday became tomorrow without notice. It seems so simple. His motorcycle is posted like a sentry right on the street, BMW F800 shining with the last of the starlight on its black skin. All the times I've looked out my window at this shining beast, watching him slide on and off it, flash like deja vu as he slips his leg over and turns back towards me. "Can you ride?" I bite an unsure lip. "I've never done it before." I realize, as I look down at my barely-there skirt, that I've never seen anyone on his bike but him. Maybe I'm the first one he's ever given a ride on it. Just the thought of opening my legs enough to sit on this monster hurts, but the thought of him leaving without me hurts way, way more. "Here," he pats the seat behind him. I only pause a second. It stings to throw my leg over the back of the motorcycle, but the coolness of the seat is soothing under my skirt. I would be shy about riding this way, my unders pressed against his leather, but he knows. And it's okay. "I don't have a helmet," he says over his shoulder. "I don't want one," I whisper back. He starts her up, and the amber rumble of the engine between my legs feels like a frozen fire as I wrap my arms around his waist. Pressing my cheek into the softness of his black t-shirt, I feel his heartbeat. And his warm laugh.