what you look like on paper," I explained. "She won't even understand what a criminal record is until she's old enough to have one herself." He hadn't called that out, but it was easy to pick up on. One day we'd have to have this talk, but not right now. Not until it mattered. "What she's going to care about," I continued, "Is having a dad who plays tea party with her or teaches her how to catch. She'll be far more embarrassed at you grilling her first boyfriend, than—" "She's never dating." I snorted, rolling my eyes. "Anyway. My point is, be an amazing dad. Try your hardest. That fear you have? I have it, too, though in a different way, but it's the reason I know for a fact that you're going to be a good dad. Simply because you're afraid not to be." After our talk, Ed still refused to take a paternity test, and even though some of the fear remained in his eyes, he seemed more at ease. As the days passed and as Maggie started sitting up by herself, then crawling, to pulling herself up, and almost walking Ed was there for all of it. Never missing a moment, never missing the days he had with her. Unfortunately, though, time didn't bring us any closer to being friends than we had been in the garage over a year and a half ago now. He didn't look at me like he hated me anymore, but when we talked; we kept it exclusively through texting. If we were in the same room, he would use Maggie as the buffer. Like tonight, he was supposed to take her to his house for the weekend, but because it had been raining and cold and she was just coming off of flu, when he showed up at the door I begged him to spend time with her here instead. When I asked him, for the fifth time, if that was okay, he said, "Will you tell your mom to stop worrying?" While bouncing Maggie on his hip and never addressing me directly. I wanted to scream. Still, I appreciated that he'd agreed with no issue, so I pretended to be content to hide in my room and not get in the way of them spending solo time together. Until Maggie started screaming. I let it go for almost a ten seconds before I tore into the living room. Temporarily forgetting all the trust I had put in him. "What the hell happened?" "It's okay. It's okay." Ed bounced her, ignoring me. But Maggie caught sight of me and would not sit still, squirming and screaming out for me. "What happened?" I asked again, taking her in my arms as Ed passed her to me. "She fell." He blew out a breath and ran a hand over his face. "She was on the couch and rolled over or something. I don't know. I'm so sorry. I literally only got up to get something from the kitchen. I'm sorry." That's it? "It's okay," I said to calm them both down. The color was completely gone from Ed's face and his whole body tensed. I couldn't pin point just one emotion in his eyes, but the panic stuck out the most. After about two minutes, Maggie had calmed down and went back to trying to climb the couch. Ed wouldn't go near her. "Kids fall, Edward. It's not that big of a deal." I rarely full named him but he needed to calm down. "Yeah, no I know." I tilted my head, realizing that no, he didn't know. "You mean to tell me she hasn't fallen at all while being at your house?" "Never." "How is that even possible?" "You mean she's falling here?" "All the time." Though mostly more now in the past few weeks. Alice and Rose had both moved out, giving us more space, and Maggie more room to toddle around and walk into walls and shit. "Oh." He immediately relaxed. "I mean, I know they say babies fall all the time, but seeing it in person is different." "Yeah, the first time she took a nose dive off my bed I thought my heart stopped." He pushed his hand to his chest, laughing. "I know the feeling." Maggie babbled in our general direction, not one to be left out. "Can we help you?" Ed sang. She babbled some more throwing her hands in the air. Seeing them together like this was worth everything. Being able to be part of it was priceless. "So, umm … what are you getting ready to do?" Ed asked slowly. I shrugged and pointed behind me to my room. "Well, we were about to watch a movie. Stay out here and watch it with us." It wasn't really a question or suggestion. Just a polite demand. He was still a dick, I don't know if that would ever change. But I guess this was his proverbial peace offering or the closest thing to one I'd ever get. Regardless, it was a good way to start over. I rolled my eyes but quickly obliged, laughing softly to myself. I could feel it in the air, we were going to be okay. "I'd love that." There you have it! (For now). I'm definitely man enough to admit that in the interest of time I did cut this shorter than I'd originally planned. With that being said, while I'm hesitant to put it out there, I AM hoping to get an outtake or two out for this so much a full continuation, but a snippet or two to give better insight into everyone. Do I know when? Nope. Is it already written? Nope, but I've started writing one. So, just, ya know ... put it on alert and stuff! Thank you so much for reading. Until Next Time ~Lo Come check me out on Wattpad where I share other stories I'm working on. Username is Lolosofocused2