Indian who used to take us on fishing trips when I was allowed to visit Charlie in Forks. I was also gauging Charlie's reaction to my slight cussing. "Diabetes, it's very crappy," Charlie smiled, but it didn't quite reach his eyes. "He's offered me to sell his truck, quite cheaply too." "Seriously? For me?" "Seriously. Billy's done work on the engine, the thing runs great," Charlie grinned at my enthusiasm. "How much is it? We can run by a bank tomorrow, I've still got some savings-" "Woah, woah, Bells. I've already bought it for you. As a homecoming gift," Charlie stared straight ahead at the road as I gaped at him. His neck began to flush red, which slowly crept up to his face. "You bought me a truck, as a gift?" Charlie nodded, keeping his eyes on the road. I put a hand on his arm and squeezed it softly. "Thank you, you really didn't need to do that," I whispered. "You're welcome Bells, I want you to be happy." I left my hand on his arm for a moment longer before taking it away. We sat in silence for the rest of the car ride. I watched the scenery change as everything became green, the land was thick with moss-covered trees and there were ferns covering every bit of ground anywhere I turned. The air was drizzling with rain and there was a slight mist above the ground. Everything looked alive. We finally got to Charlie's and I felt a rush of pleasure when I recognised the two-bedroom house that I had once lived in. It was much smaller than the house back in Phoenix, but that had always felt cold and unwelcoming. This house felt more like home, even though the amount of time I had spent here wasn't even a year. Parked in front of the house was my new truck, faded red and almost obnoxiously large. I loved it immediately. "It looks amazing!" I exclaimed, whilst Charlie went red with embarrassment again. "Thank you so much!" Charlie smiled and looked away. It only took Charlie and I a single trip to get all my stuff indoors and upstairs. I got the bedroom that had always belonged to me, the one that looked over the front yard. It was a blue room with a wooden floor, with a new (second-hand) computer on my old desk and an empty bookshelf opposite my bed. There was an old rocking chair in the corner. There was a small bathroom at the top of the stairs that I would have to share with Charlie, but I didn't mind. I hardly doubted he would get freaked out over the inclusion of feminine hygiene products in the bathroom cupboard, though he might get annoyed with the amount of hair products I had. I had come prepared for the weather in Forks, and what it would most likely do to my hair. Charlie left me alone to get unpacked but told me he'd be ordering a pizza for our dinner later. I lay back on my new (old) bed and relaxed. I stared at the empty bookshelf and made a mental note to go shopping as soon as I could and get some more books, I had left that vampire one on the airplane. It had only cost $3 anyway and really wasn't worth reading. I hadn't been able to take all my books with me and I doubted Renee would send them over. Still, I could always email her and ask. My thoughts began to wander and the image of me alone in high school tomorrow came unbidden to my mind. At Forks High School there were only three hundred and fifty-seven students, not including their latest arrival – me. Compared to back in Phoenix, there were more than seven hundred students in my junior class alone. It was with a pang that I thought of my old friends, Zoey and Lily in particular, but teenage life could be fickle. I had a feeling that though we would probably try and keep in contact for a few months, my refusal to go home would cause problems within our friendships and our emails would slowly become non-existent. Sad, but seemingly inevitable. I was sure I could find at least a few friends here. I got up, even though I was ready to fall asleep, and began to put my clothes away in a pine dresser. I put all my bathroom necessities away too, and it amused me to see how cramped all my hair products made the cupboard look. I cleaned myself up and went back to my room, gazing out of the window. The thought of school tomorrow made my stomach cramp with nerves and I had to admit to myself that I was scared of not fitting in. I was terrified of not fitting in. Though I had a good friend group back in Phoenix, I had noticed in the past few years that I'd grown up a lot. I seemed to be a lot more mature than people my age, but I suppose that was to be expected, living with my home life. I thought back to all the arguments there had been over the years, all the pain, the few times Renee had thrown me out for a couple of days (not that I had ever told Charlie that). It was so much better that I was here but I still let a few tears out for the life that could have been. On some level I wondered if I had deserved the mistreatment, but I firmly clamped down on those feelings before they could multiply and needle into my brain. "Bella, dinner will be here soon!" Charlie called up from downstairs. I jumped and wiped my face, embarrassed that I had let my negativity get to me again. "Coming," I turned away from the window and headed downstairs to fully embrace my new life, my salvation, my happiness.