I was pushed to my knees. A voice told me. "Don't try anything. Hands in the air," Looking into Bella's eyes. I could see real fear in them, and then from the darkness a gun appeared at the side of her head. There was nothing I could do given the situation other than comply. I raised my hands as instructed, only to have then roughly pulled behind my back and secured with what felt like plastic cable ties which bit into the skin causing me to wince slightly. Through this I never took my eyes from Bella as I tried to tell her it with my eyes it would okay, even though I knew nothing of the sort. I could only watch as she was pulled to her feet, her hands also bound, but hers were in front of her body. The gun was placed back at her head and only then I saw who was holding it, Paul. My heart sank, he was supposed to be protecting Bella and I, not holding a gun to her head. I didn't understand what was happening, only minutes before he'd been concerned about us. Then the proverbial penny dropped. He wanted her as leverage to make me compliant for whatever was to happen next, even though I'd given him no reason to believe I wouldn't be. I hated him in that moment and wanted him dead. "Paul, please let her go. I'm assuming it's me you want. Bella isn't part of this, she never was." He smiled at me. "You're right. It is you I want, but her? She's valuable insurance. See I've heard about you and your single minded determination to get back to her. Having her with us will ensure you do just as I say, otherwise I might have to kill her, slowly, while you watch." "You bastard." I growled. "I'll kill you for this." He laughed. "You'll have to get free first, and this time there are no second chances, there is no insider willing to help you. You're truly are alone." He sneered, turning toward me. Of course, he couldn't see what I could, which was Bella, finding her feet and looking around for an escape route. I needed to keep him distracted. "Whatever you're being paid, I'll double it, triple it even, Just let us go. I won't say anything to anyone. You can vanish into the night like this never happened. Emmett will be none the wiser. I promise." He was right in front of me now, and Bella was ready to run. All I could do was pray she would make it far enough away for them not to find her. She moved slowly, taking small steps away from us so as not to be noticed and it seemed to be working. "Whatever you want, name your price and it's yours." I had to keep his attention fixed on me until Bella was far enough away. "You don't get it do you? For someone so smart, you really are dumb at times." Paul mocked. "This isn't about money, it's more than that for me. But you'll see soon enough." He then turned around and saw Bella had gone, he gripped the front of my jacket, pulling me to him. "Where the fuck did she go?" I laughed, refusing to answer, which only served to wind him up. "Fucking tell me Cullen or when I find her, she will pay in the most horrible of ways." He threw me to the ground. Turning to the trees he called out. "Bella, come back or I swear to God, I'll put a bullet in his head right here, right now," I wanted to distract him, and let Bella know it was okay to keep running so I shouted out, "He won't Bella, he needs me alive. Run!" Paul turned to the man stood behind him. "Watch him, if he tries anything, shoot him. I'm going after her." I was back on my knees, gun at my head and all I could do was listen to the sound of Paul lumbering through the trees in search of Bella. It felt like forever before I heard a scream which pierced the night air and shattered my heart. It was quickly followed by the sound of a single gun shot ringing out. An eternity passed before his tall frame appeared before me, he was alone. My heart sank and I fell forward, my head resting on the ground as I sobbed uncontrollably. I was only vaguely aware of being pulled to my feet and hearing Paul and the man talk. "Time to move out, we have to get going." My feet were useless and they all but dragged me across the uneven ground to a black van that was waiting for us. "Take him, I have some loose ends to tie up." Paul barked. As I was bundled into the back of a van and ready to face an uncertain future. Who was waiting for me, I had no clue. Once again, I was alone. Authors Note: This was written and what will become the first two chapters donated to Fandom for LLS. Thanks to everyone who supported this fantastic cause, I am proud to say this was my fourth year donating a piece and hopefully will continue to do so in the future. I have to thank Leigh Warner for pre-reading, Chocl8lip for her beta skills and Dorchester for the amazing banner. Coming back to this story was both a hard and easy decision. SO many of you wanted more from this, and in a way, I wasn't quite ready to say goodbye to them just yet either. Taken was my first fanfiction and I still have a rather large soft spot for it. I was going to wait until I had the whole thing written, but after a chat with a good friend Nicole, she told me to post it - so I hope you don't mind waiting.