I feel her tense up in my arms. Did I say something wrong? "There's something you need to know about me," she begins, looking at me. "I've never been with a man, not fully. My last boyfriend wanted to have sex with me, but I wasn't ready." She lets out a sigh, looks down at the floor, and tries to move out of my arms. "Why are you trying to get out of my arms? You know this is the place where you belong," I tell her, as I pull her back to me. "If you're a virgin, then that only makes this more special." "Are you serious about that? I don't want to let you down, since I might not know what I'm doing." "Bella...if the way you kiss me is any indication, then I will be more than satisfied with making love to you." I move off the couch, set the blanket in front of the fire, and take some pillows off the couch. "What are you doing?" she asks, looking at me. "I meant it when I said I wanted to spend the night loving you," I tell her, as I draw her down next to me. "Edward, I'm not as confident as you are. I don't want to be a disappointment." "Please, let me be the judge of that. May I take the rest of your clothes off?" She nods slightly. Her bra and panties are cast aside, and the light from the fire makes her skin glow. "You are so beautiful, angel," I tell her, as I run my fingers reverently over her skin. "You have to tell me what you like, but I need to get a condom from the bedroom, first." "Wait...you don't need that," she says, before I can get up. "I'm on the pill for health reasons, so we don't need it." "What's wrong with your health?'' I ask, immediately worried. "Please tell me you are alright." "My obstetrician prescribed them for preventive measures. My mom had ovarian cancer a few years ago. He didn't want me to have to face that, so I take them to decrease my chances of getting it," she says. "That makes me feel much better, but are you sure we don't need to use a condom? I only want you to feel comfortable." "We don't need one, I'm fine without it." She runs her fingers over my chest, down to the top of my jeans. I watch her tongue move over her lips, while I remove the rest of my clothes. Soon my mouth is moving down her neck, her collarbone, and down to her breasts. Bella lets out little mewls when I lick over her nipples. Her hands find their way to my hair, which she proceeds to play with, as I begin to suck on her skin. "Edward," she murmurs, as I suck and nip over her smooth skin. I keep looking up, to make sure she is comfortable with everything we are doing. Her body is reacting perfectly to my touch, but I'm not about to push her into anything she doesn't want. My hand slowly moves down her belly, to the very top of her hip bone. "I need to know if this is alright with you," I say, when I spread her legs apart. "I want to give myself fully to you," she responds. "Please don't stop anything." Her mouth is so inviting at that moment; I kiss her slowly, as I let my fingers glide over her folds and her clit. My cock begins to leak when I discover how wet she is, as I slide my finger inside her pussy. Bella is moving beautifully underneath me...her hips sway and her back arches as I push in slightly further. As much as I know this will be painful for her, I want to make love to her, so she will know the depth of my affection for her. "Are you ready for me to be inside you?" I ask her, after pulling my finger out. "Yes, please make love to me, Edward. I've never been more sure of anything," she responds. "I wish that it wouldn't hurt you, angel." Gently, I move over her body, so I can press inside, and my gaze never leaves hers for a second. "I'm so sorry," I whisper, as I begin pushing in further. "Is this too much for you? If it is, we can stop right this moment." "No..I need a minute to...get used to the sensation," she tells me. I run my fingers over her face, while I memorize the contours of her cheeks, and the smattering of freckles over her nose. "Please..I'm ready for more," she whispers. After she says this, I begin making slow, shallow movements inside her, and we share slow, almost endless kisses. Soon her legs wrap around me, and I begin moving deeper inside her pussy. "Can you feel how much I love you, angel?" I ask her, in between kisses. "I love you, too, Edward...so very much. You feel perfect inside me, like we are made to be together." She begins to moan my name, and I feel her walls getting tighter around me. "I'm...oh God, I'm about to come," she says, when I feel her body shake under mine. My forehead is resting against hers when I feel my orgasm approaching. I call out her name as it washes over me, rendering me breathless, as I give her all I have. "Your love for me...it's the most important thing in the world," she says. "I'm glad I could make you feel my love," I say with a smirk. "Isn't that my line?" she asks. "Since it was the song I sang for you." I kiss her forehead before pulling out, and without a word, I carry her off to bed. We fall asleep, after whispering one more time that we love each other endlessly. It is the beginning of a beautiful happily ever after.