no answer. What is he doing? "Edward?" I get up and turn on the light switch. Edward is not here, again . He's still here, he always is, but I know we're done talking for tonight. I sigh and go back to bed. Wednesday, April 12th, 2006 12:25 PM "Why did you leave yesterday?" Again, we're skipping lunch. I'm not really hungry anyway and Edward, of course, doesn't really care. So here we are, again, the only difference being that it's cold today and I much rather be inside. "I didn't think you wanted me there." Aright, Edward has to be playing dumb. He knows I want him with me, wherever I am, every hour of the day. He's like one of those cute, popular girls who tell their friends how ugly they are, just to make them say how gorgeous they really are. That's what Jessica does, and I can't stand it. Why is Edward doing this? Does he need to hear me saying how much I need him? Who would have thought. "You know it's not true." Edward Cullen needs my approval . Suddenly I feel much better, and I smile. I hear the Lauren-like voice in my head telling me that maybe he's just doing all this on purpose so I'll forget about Jake but, seriously, since when did I listen to Lauren? The voice finally shuts up and I feel like smiling again. "Isn't it?" Edward asks, with a playful tone. Oh, God, he's just gorgeous. I actually have to concentrate to talk. C'mon, Bella. Breathe. In-and-out. Again. Again. I don't even remember what we were talking about, but then he presses his cold lips against mine and I don't really care anymore. Thursday, April 13th, 2006 6:27 PM Somewhere "Hey Bella, you there?" I sound nervous and stupid, it's pathetic. Alright. One-two-three, breathe. "Dad told me you called a the other day" I hear the sound of her breath, but she doesn't talk. "I miss you." And then I hear the voice, his voice, musical and cold and haughty. "She doesn't want to talk to you" he says. My head spins. I can't stop the sudden burst of anger and pain and regret. "She only wanted to know if you were alright, and you obviously are." And then the only thing I hear is the sound of my own breath and the beeep of the phone. I think I'm crying, but I'm not really sure. I feel numb. Thursday, April 13th, 2006 6:27 PM Somewhere else "Did you say anything, Edward?" I ask. I though I heard someone talking, but I'm not sure. It sounded like Edward's voice, and for a horrible moment I though he was talking to Charlie. Now, that would be interesting. I'm in the kitchen, making dinner, and Edward is somewhere in the living room. It's cold today and I move closer to the oven, resisting the urge to shiver. "Edward?" He comes into the kitchen, wincing at the smell of food. "What, Bella?" "What was that noise? Did you turn on the TV? I could swear I heard someone talking." It's either that, or I'm going crazy. Actually, I think the second is more likely. He looks guarded now, and almost saddened. He takes a deep breath. "Bella..." he says, slowly. "Jacob called. He sounded rather angry, especially when he realized I was the one who picked up the phone." I think I need to sit down. Suddenly, Edward's arm is around me and he walks me to the table. I find myself sat on a chair, a glass of water in my hands. "He said to tell you he's fine, but I don't think he wants to talk to you." Oh. Well, of course. Jacob is way worse than Edward will ever be; even more jealous and concerned. "Bella, look at me" Edward says. I stare into his warm, golden eyes "I'm sorry. But I will always be here for you, I will protect you. You know this, don't you?" Of course I do. And our lips meet. A/N : I write this as an answer to Mimozka's review. It's very good and detailed, but I think I want to explain my opinions. Mimozka wrote that my Bella and Edward are OOC. I admit Bella isn't easy to write, but I strongly disagree. Bella is blamk, that's a fact. Meyer wrote her that way on purpose, so that girls could identify with her, and she isn't a real person. Mimozka calls it 'need to read between the lines', I call it 'lousy characterization'. She doesn't have a favorite singer or movie or book - she only reads classical books, for God's sake, how unreal is that? - and her whole life centers on Edward. Meyer thinks this is romantic, I think it's disturbing. I did make Bella doubt Edward, because that's what every sane person should do - asking herself questions, 'am I doing the right thing?'. Bella doesn't, Edward is all she lives for.. although we don't even know why. Bella never thinks about how fun or witty he is, about what they do together when there's no supernatural crap going on. She only thinks about how hot and perfect he is, and their relationship it's just about physical attraction. Mimozka also said that Edward's motivations are right, to him. Yes, TO him . Who is he to decide what is better for Bella? Her father? God? If it was my boyfriend forbidding me to go talk to my best friend, I'd call the police. This is abusive behavior, and it's being sold as 'the perfect relationship' to millions of girls by a sexually-repressed housewife who fell in love with her own fictional creation and won't take criticism because it upsets her. Again, am I the only one who is sligthly creeped out? PS : Unlike Meyer, criticism won't upset me, unless it's very rude. So if you want to discuss this further, just PM me or review.