one on my chest. With each touch He makes me feel cleaner and purer than I have ever felt myself be before. He lays me down onto the soft material and brushes the strands of my hair away from my forehead. He relieves the overflowing feelings inside me and suddenly I feel sleepy. With a smile, He lets me drift off as my eyes close. From Hell to Heaven V Sacrifice your believes until you are met with the truth you seek for I have to open my eyes. There's a feeling of dread in me, because I'm afraid that when I open my eyes, it was all just a dream. But I can't just hope for it to be true. I need to see it for myself. I don't want to, but I have to. So I do. I breath in a sharp and a big breath that I release as quickly as I took it in as a sigh. I'm here. I'm in Heaven. Thank God. Literally. And Bella. My lovely Bella. She's incredible to put it short. So wonderful and incredible. I sit up and probe how I'm feeling with my eyes closes again. The word 'amazing' comes into my mind the second I ask it. I feel like that. He was telling the truth. I do feel better than before. So good, that I feel like I'm going to float upwards. I feel so light, inside and out. My whole being feel to be so pure and so clean. I cannot describe the feeling. I'm forever thankful for what has happened to me that it landed me here. I even than the Devil for making me see what it was that I had to understand before I could come here. My eyelids flutter open as I feel a butterfly kiss on my lips. Bella's there, her hands on my shoulders, then flow downwards to my hands as she rose them up. "Come with me", she says gently and coaxes with the lead of her hands on me. I slowly get up, no longer feeling pain in my bones at all. It's all so remarkable. I notice that the bandage on my pelvis area has been changed to a white one and there are no other bandages needed elsewhere. The wings I had, are now white as the light shining from outside. I follow Bella there. "You are so beautiful", Bella says, but I no longer cringe at the remark. I can't be bothered to feel any negative feelings anymore really. "So are you", I tell her, and she is. Of course. She has always been the most beautiful person to me. And how wonderful she is. "And your wings are so beautiful too. So white and silky..." Bella's soft touch is on my wings and it feels quite good too unlike before. Now I'm not as ashamed about them, though I can't understand how I could have them still, or can God be mocking me too? "I don't understand why I have them still. I can't have the right to them, can I really?" Bella's eyes meet mine gingerly and a small smile is on her lips, though looking a bit sad. "You still are you were before. Always doubting yourself for being good enough for this and that. Do I need to remind you we are in Heaven now, and God has seen you and thought that this is how it's meant to be for you?" She has a point, I have to admit that. "Edward, love, it's about how you conquered all the anguish and made it through the darkness with the power of Love. You fought through with everything you had, your wings are kind of a battle scar, but a great one. One that helped you." Bella was so kind with her words and so smart. And Bella never told lies. "You are a part of the Angels now. You can go and protect the people in the World now. I'm so proud of you Edward. I could never thank you enough for coming back for me. You did so well, love." Bella is thanking me and she's proud? I don't know if I can believe it. "But I would like to be with you. If I go to protect others, as I would love to, can I still be with you then?" If that wasn't possible then how could I do that? I didn't want to leave Bella anymore. And if I could protect the people in the World, how could I deny them my protection? "I'll still be with you of course, Edward. I'll always be there with you as I have before. I know sometimes it hasn't looked like that, but I promise I have. And this time won't be different, though now you will definitely know I'm there with you. Even though I'm not part of the Angels, I can still be there with you, right by your side." I smile was forming on my lips as she went on. "God allows that?" "Of course He does. It's His nature. I love you, you love me. He could never take us apart, even if He wanted to. Love is stronger than anything else", Bella said and before I knew it, I was in her arms once again. In her embrace I felt better than I had ever before. "You don't even know how much I adore you, Bella. Not a clue." "If you can fight Hell to come to me, I think I have some kind of a hunch. And know that the same goes to you too", she laughed which was the most beautiful sound in the whole existence to me. "But we can go enjoy each others company in peace now. Shall I show you my favorite place in the whole Universe? Where I went to when you weren't there ", she asked and of course I followed her there, holding her hand. To our meadow.