. . Empty. All fleeting thoughts as my eyes cloud with tears. I tell myself to turn away, to leave this forsaken party, but I'm rooted as I watch the perfectly perfect couple in front of me. Edward's wife finishes up her conversation with whoever she's speaking with and finally notices her approaching husband. How could she not notice him before ? I ask myself. He is unforgettable . She must be so secure in their shared love , I answer. A blinding smile overtakes her overly full lips as she notices her husband coming towards her. A gentle loveliness falls over her features, making her appearance even softer, more approachable. His lips press tenderly on her forehead as she happily tumbles into his opened embrace. Who the hell wouldn't be happy to fall onto Edward and his gorgeous body ? Slowly, as if they have all the time in the world, he trails his lips from her forehead to her waiting lips, his finger under her chin, lifting her face to his. For several moments they kiss, entranced in a world all their own. Not even God himself would intervene in such complete purity. I feel deep trenches of jealousy and envy eating away at me. All the champagne I've drank sits too heavily in my stomach, threatening to make a reappearance. How can life be so unfair? So unbalanced? Their beauty together should be enough to implode their world, having them constantly competing to one-up the other. But they aren't, and I'm meanly and spitefully wishing it to be so. A wistful sigh is blown into my ear, pulling me from such fallen depths within. I sneakily wipe the few tears from my cheeks. My eyes close as I will all the negativity from me. I'm not this spiteful person, and within the course of this evening I'm proven horribly wrong. "They are so in love. Aren't they beautiful together?" Angela innocently remarks. The happiness for her boss is so heavy in her tone. I exhale slowly before turning to face her. "Yeah . . . beautiful." I try to infuse some believability into my voice, but fail. Angela pulls her visage from the too perfect couple gazing at each other and puts it on me. "Bella? Are you okay?" Her worry only adds to my guilt. Angela is too kind for her own good. It makes me feel tainted standing next to her. Before I can answer, more tears escape my eyes and a clear understanding comes into her eyes. She knows , I sadly think. Just great . Here comes the pity . And I'm not wrong. She grabs my hand and leads me around the room to the entrance doors of the Salon ball room. We step out, but a small crack is left open. "I thought you knew, Bella," Angela consoles me. This is beyond ridiculous , I think. I just met this man and already I'm being comforted – as if I'm some jilted lover. "Knew what?" I pretend not to know, but I can see the truth in her eyes. My foolish attempt to brush this off won't work. "That Edward was married , Bella." Her forthrightness is enough to make me wince. Hearing the worried 'married' spoken aloud sounds dirty in my ears. Edward shouldn't be married . We should have a chance to see where we could go. I felt the connection. It wasn't some made up fantasy on my part. "He and Rosalie are expecting their first child. I'm surprised Carlisle wasn't gushing about the upcoming event. It is all he can speak about." A soft smile overtakes Angela's lips, and I want nothing more than to smack it off. Why must she twist the knife even more? Married . . . Pregnant . . . Expecting his first child . . . Perfectly flawless wife. She doesn't even have the graciousness to look fat and bloated. No, she looks divine. Ethereally glowing. I say nothing as I look back into the Salon, through the slit in the opened door. As if fate hasn't beaten me enough tonight, I now have the perfect view of the expecting couple. As if from a modern Norman Rockwell painting, Edward and his Rosalie exhibit the ideal portrait. He stands behind her, arms around her waist and hands resting on her still-flat stomach. His face is tucked into the crease of her slender, pale neck as if he is hiding his laughter or simply smelling her. His hair falls over his face and on her healthily flushed cheek. The ripe pinkness of her skin is so much prettier than mine. Where she looks fresh and unspoiled, I usually look like an overcooked lobster. The glow of the city being viewed through the wall to wall windows rounds out the complete picture of them. It almost pales in comparison to their seamlessness. Almost spoiling the beauty of their love and connection. Picture perfect is all I can think in reference to them. As if she was made for him and him for her. . . ("It's meeting the man of my dreams . . . and, then I'm meeting his beautiful wife. And isn't it ironic? Don't you think ?") . . Author's Notes: This is part one of two. I had a lot of fun writing this little story and it's been such a while since I've written anything from Bella's POV. I am quite out of practice. One day I was listening to "Ironic" by Alanis Morissette and one line got my creative juices flowing. This was the effect and the last line in this chapter was the cause. Anyhow, hope you like. The last part should be posted next week and it will feature Edward's POV. My Achilles heel, as you know (given how much I complain about it . . . hehe). If you have the time, please review. I'd love to know your thoughts! Hope everyone is well. Hugs!