eventually die in a matter of weeks." Leah said with a frown that had her imprints sharing a worried glance. "And I hat everything about the imprint. It doesn't matter if your already in love with someone or not. You love your imprint in a second and that other person is dropped on the spot. And you really can't bring yourself to be all that upset about it." Leah said eyes brimming with tears. "My ex-fiancé imprinted on my cousin on our wedding day. I was left crying my eyes out at the alter while the whole pack except for Jacob and Seth who held me. It hurt so much because I just knew that we weren't meant for each other. But we hadn't imprinted on anyone and we're already in love so why not. We didn't know that in love or not a imprint is still a imprint." Leah said wiping her eyes angrily as she kept talking. "As I said though I knew in my heart that we weren't meant to be. I just couldn't give myself over to him completely in as a sub. He was a great Dom it's just that I could fully submit to him. I was always questioning him and backing talking. I could never fully meet his needs even though I tried and serving him bothered me." She looked up at her imprints with glassy eyes. "That's why I'm sorry. I don't want to come between you guys and I'm' sorry your getting such a awful sub." She lowered her head. When she looked back up she whimpered because her imprints were glaring at her. She went to move back some more but she gasped finding herself pushed up against the headboard. Carlisle had one wrist and Esme had the other. She closed her eyes waiting for the hit she usually got from upsetting a dom. "Look at us!" Carlisle hissed out and her eyes snapped open. "We just told you that we want you and you still think we're going to throw you away!?" Esme growled as she bit her neck. "So we'll just have to show you." Carlisle said as he attacked the other side of her neck. She groaned and her hips rocked forward only to be pinned down a pair of different hands. "Don't move!" Carlisle said as he bit down on her ear. She gasped not really able to talk right now. Esme grabbed her jaw and making her look at her. Carlisle purred happy with the new flesh to mark up. "You will answer us when we talk to you. Understood?" "Yes Esme." Leah gasped out as Carlisle bit down. "Good girl." Esme said staring at her lips. She slowly moved her thumb over her lips. Leah's tongue flicked over her thumb drawing it into her mouth. Esme moaned as she looked at the sight. "Oh dear look." She whimpered to her husband. Carlisle pulled back and looked at their sub. They had long since let go of her wrist and hips but she had not moved only stretching out her neck to suck on Esme's fingers eagerly. "Your such a good girl for us." Carlisle said making her moan. "And anyone who can't see it is a fool." "Yes but your ours so I don't care about any one else." Esme said pulling back her fingers. "Only you." Before Leah could protest Carlisle's mouth was on her licking into it like his undead life depended on it. Her mind started to fog when Esme was once again attacking her neck. Claiming more of her skin for all to see that she belong to them. Then they were switching and Leah couldn't tell where they ended and she started. When their fingers and mouths left her body Leah was still withering in the sheets. "God it's so unbelievable that she's ours." Carlisle said wrapping his arms around Esme and kissing her neck. "I know honey we've waited so long for her." Esme said relaxing into his arms. They let Leah float around in sub space a little bit more before bringing her up. Esme stroked her cheek and Leah nuzzle into it lowly growling as she smiled up at her imprints. "Leah sweetie do you think you can come back to us for a while." Leah frowned as she struggled to get control of her body. "We know it's hard just take your time." Carlisle said brushing her hair out of her face. After a minute or so Leah was able to sit up. "There's our beautiful girl." Carlisle said kissing her cheek. Leah smiled inhaling their amazing sent she felt like she could stay there for weeks just surviving off of that alone. Of course at that moment her stomach decided to betray her. She frown down at it accusingly. Her imprints laughed and she blushed feeling childish. "Well I was about to ask if you were hungry." Esme said smiling at her. She kissed her and then kissed Carlisle. "I'll go make you and your brother and Jacob something as well." Esme said before disappearing out the room. "I love you." Leah said before she could stop herself. And before she knew it she was flat on her back with her imprints above her. "And we love you Leah." They both said each kissing a cheek. Leah smiled rolling over to face Carlisle now that it was just the two of them again. "I know right now everything seems kind of rushed." "That's because it is." Leah interrupted him as her fingers traced his features. "Yes well when everything slows down we're going to talk everything over with you. What we expect from you and what you expect from us." He said taking her fingers and kissing her knuckles. She blushed not sure what to do. He chuckled guessing she wasn't use to such soft touches. "Come on." He said getting up and pulling her to her feet. "Jacob say's her food is great."