"I don't know, but he better not." Bella replied. "If he's smart, he'll run away. Every vampire in town wants to capture him to please their new queen. His gift might help him escape for a while but if he tries to stay too long, he'll get caught." Emmett declared. "Unless he has help from inside and he thinks he'll be able to escape safely. Or maybe he's counting on your feelings, Bella. He might be thinking that he'd be able to convince you to let him go or to leave with him." Carlisle suggested, using his knowledge of Edward to try and guess his next move. "Well, then he's deluded." Bella shrugged her shoulders, concentrating on what she could see and trying to expend her shield to as many of her friends scouring the city looking for him. It was hard for her to shield everyone but she could easily shield the people she was the most familiar with like the Voltury guards and Jasper. . The wait was long but eventually, Felix came to find Bella, telling her that Edward had escaped through the sea. Edward had been cornered by the male members of the Egyptian coven and was provided a distraction by the Romanians, who weren't supposed to be in town. "Apparently, Edward had help from the Romanians, who couldn't wait to do anything possible to hurt the Voltury but they realized that they wouldn't be able to do anything worthwhile without getting caught and they value their freedom much more than their revenge. They separated and Edward jumped in the Mediterranean sea. I doubt he'll come back anytime soon. Jane managed to hurt him for a while though, before she was attacked." Felix explained to her while the others were giving their reports to the other kings. "Was anyone injured?" Bella asked. "No, don't worry. Everyone is fine." He reassured her. "And Renesmee never even woke up!" Emmett exclaimed before he nodded and left to join Rosalie. "Come on, you need to rest your mind now." Felix told his queen before he guided her to her bedroom. "Will you stay with me?" She asked him. "There's no getting rid of me, Bella." he smiled. . Times passed and, a couple of years after she had the idea of it, they attended the inauguration of the vampire town Bella had dreamed of. She was satisfied with everything that had been down and was planning, along with her coven, on staying in this town for a while. Carlisle would also live in this town, where he had build an office where he'd be free to do his research and to follow the pregnancy of woman carrying hybrid babies. True to his word, Felix had followed Bella and they were now a full time couple. Renesmee had grown to calling him 'dad' and they were all happy as a family and as a coven. Bella had taken to gathering hairs from the La Push wolves every time she visited her father and she kept them in tightly locked jars, ready to use whenever she had word that Edward was feeling at peace. So far, he was still alone, still trying to find a way to make it up to her. He sent her letters at the Voltury's castle every other months and she simply pretended they didn't exist. At first, he gave her his address so that she could join him but after the first 6 times where the wolves went instead of her and urinated everywhere, he seemed to get the message and stopped giving a return address, he simply begged her for another chance, trying to convince her that Felix was a bad life choice and that he, unlike others, could change and be a better man. "Is your father coming soon?" Felix asked Bella as they were just finishing installing their furniture in their new house, at the edge of their new vampire city. "He and Billy should arrive in a couple of hours." She replied. In this house, they had a couple of bedrooms for Billy and Charlie. The two men would visit often until it was time for Charlie to retire, then, with more time on their hands, they were considering the option of moving in permanently and spend more time with their children. "Any news from your ex? It's been quite for a few weeks..." Felix asked her as he wrapped his arms around her waist. "Alice saw where he was going to stay, an isolated village in the north of China. Since Santiago was going this general way for Aro, he's agreed to drop a few wolf hair around the place for me." Bella smiled. "Poor guy. Do you think he'll end up taking his own life?" "I doubt it, he's too arrogant to do this. Who knows, one day he might make it up to us, but until then..." Bella replied. "An eternity of misery for him." Felix nodded. "And an eternity of peace and happiness for me." Bella added with a smile before she kissed him. What did you think? I know that I could have divided it into several chapters but, honestly, I was too lazy to divide it after writing it. Eventually, I might work some more on it, make it longer, fuller... If and when this happens, I will make it into several chapters and, hopefully, there will be more moments on how they could give Edward an eternity of misery. I might also write an alternate version of this where they do kill Renesmee, we all know that this would change Bella a lot and she would not be so forgiving of the others... Anyway, please, leave me a review to let me know what you thought of this one, what you would have done to Edward to give him an eternity of misery and if you'd like a version where the baby dies and Bella wants revenge on all the Cullens. Lorelei Candice Black ..