age." "I just got you, Bella," Edward said softly. "I don't want to have to give you up. What about your dad? Don't you think he'd be able to convince your mom to stay until you graduate?" The tears were streaming down my face faster now, even as I tried to wipe them away. "Are you kidding me? My dad's a coward. He's so afraid of my mom leaving him again that he'd never actually go against her on anything. It's pathetic." Edward nodded silently, his eyes tearing up slightly. "It won't be long, though. We can still go to UDub together after you graduate…it'll just be for a few months." I nodded, and finally I was able to stop my tears. "I can't imagine being away from you." I kissed him, trying to convey my feelings into that kiss. I wanted him to know how much I loved him, and that being apart from him would be horrible. I should have seen this coming. … Our last four weeks together were hard. We wanted to be together as much as possible, but I also had to make time for Rosalie, Alice, and a few of the other friends that I had managed to make in Forks. Plus, I knew that spending every waking moment with him now would just make it that much harder when we had to be apart. Jacksonville was looming over me like a giant black cloud, but it was inevitable. On my last night in Forks, Edward promised to take me out for a romantic last night. He told me we would make one last trip in the blue truck, but the rest of the night was a big surprise. "I'll pick you up tonight at seven," Edward said, kissing my forehead. We had been watching television together in my living room, but he had to go out and run some errands before picking me up for our date tonight. "I love you." He kissed me again, this time on the lips, and I felt like I was melting into him. He made me felt so good. "I love you, too. I'll see you tonight." I walked him to the door with a sad smile on my face, and I waited in the doorway and waved as he drove away. … "What time is your date, sweetheart?" Renée asked. I hadn't heard her come into my room, and I jumped slightly. "He'll be here at seven," I said shortly, and continued to brush my hair. Renée didn't leave; I watched in the mirror as she sat down on my unmade bed. "I'm sorry, Bella," she said softly, running her hand over my soft blanket, the one that I'd had since I was a little girl. "I know you think your relationship with Edward is the most important thing right now, but going to this school your senior year of high school will help so much with you getting into an Ivy league college-" "Stop it." I put my hairbrush down and turned around to face Renée. "Stop acting like you understand! All the other times we've moved, I've gone along with it and just adjusted as much as possible. But now…now I actually like living somewhere. I have friends and a job and a boyfriend who actually cares about me. I thought that maybe if you saw how happy I am here, and how much living in Forks has helped my attitude and self-esteem, you would hold out for one more year and let me be happy. But no. You're being your usual selfish self and only thinking of yourself." "Bella, that's not true. On top of me getting a better job, you would also be able to go to a private high school and have so many more opportunities for your future." "Oh my god! My GPA is over 4.0, I'm in National Honor's Society, and I got a 33 on my ACT. Going to a snobby private high school in Jacksonville isn't going to do much more for me, mom. I've worked my ass off for years to get ready for college. You and Dad both know that. And I don't want to go to some Ivy League college- I'm going to UDub with Edward and I've already been accepted. So stop pretending that you actually care, and let me enjoy my last night with my boyfriend before I have to move halfway across country." My mom left the room with a huff, but she didn't scold me. She knew I was right. … I was ready to go by seven o'clock, but Edward was running late, which was very unlike him. Seven o'clock came and went, and then seven-thirty, and then eight and nine…finally it was eleven o'clock, and Edward still hadn't showed. I called his cell phone countless times, but he never answered. I was a mess, crying and distraught. I didn't understand how Edward could ever do this to me, especially on what was supposed to be our last night together. My mom held me as I cried all night, and when seven o'clock in the morning came and Edward still hadn't contacted me in anyway, I just gave up. "Can we just leave?" I asked Charlie and Renée, my eyes swollen and heavy with tears. "Please, I can't stay here anymore." They obliged, and we silently left the white house in Forks with our suitcases. Like always, movers would follow behind us with most of our stuff. When we drove past the Cullen's house on our way down the street, I couldn't help but look. Nothing looked out of place. All four of the garage doors were closed, and the house looked quiet and still. No explanation, no nothing. And I left Forks, Washington with a broken heart. … There you have it. Are you enjoying it so far? Let me know what you thought, and the next chapter will be up in a couple of days. Xoxo- Mel.