anticipation. "How's this?" She asks, removing the suction of her mouth and just using her tongue to explore the sensitive ridges. The base of my cock is still being worked vigorously. "Whatever you're doing, don't stop...ever," I pant my breathing irregular. "I like this. Having you at my mercy. It's very hot," she says huskily. "I wish I could see you, my hard cock in your mouth. I've missed you so much." "Me too baby, just a couple more months and I'm all yours." She says before taking me fully in her mouth again. A few pumps and I'm on edge again. "Baby, just end it. I need to come. Can I come on your tits? Please baby," I beg. Because I know coming in her mouth is an absolute no with the current state of her gag reflex. She releases me from her mouth, shifting slightly. It seems like forever that she's not touching me but it's probably only a few seconds. It's long enough to calm me down...a little. She starts again with what I think is fruit at the base of my cock, up and down, twisting, but not too close to the tip. It's frustratingly wonderful, but not enough. Then she adds her tongue, licking and slurping the dripping juice and my precum. Her free hand cups my aching balls, rubbing gently, they are heavy and sensitive, yet tight against my body, ready to explode. When she adds her whole mouth, I'm gone. No thoughts, just pleasure starting in my limbs and working its way in, the feeling so intense that I nearly lose my balance. I cling to the post for support, babbling incoherently. My body is humming with pleasure, pulled so tight that I fear I'll pass out when it finally snaps. "Close," I manage to warn. She removes her mouth just before I explode numerous spurts of pent up cum, all over her. When it finally stops I slump against the post. Bella removes whatever that thing was on my cock and continues to gently lick the juice. It's sensitive but if she needs to clean me up then I'll suffer with my beautiful wife's mouth on my dick. I laugh, shaking my head. "You okay?" She asks a cold cloth on my heated cock causes me to shiver and shift away. "Let me clean you up. Sorry it's cold." I nod, still unable to move much or see. She grabs onto me when she stands and unties my waist and hands before removing my blindfold. I take in the scene around me. Towels laid out on the floor underneath us, pillows where Bella was kneeling, and a thick center slice of a grapefruit with a sizable hole in the middle. I pick it up and examine it. "Where did you get this idea?" She shrugs. "An article I saw on Facebook. It got me all hot and bothered thinking about doing this to you. It's supposed to feel similar to a vagina and since you can't have mine I just thought…" I pull her to me. "You just thought that you'd be the most wonderful wife and try it on your husband for his birthday," I say smiling, pride evident in my tone. My wifey is very resourceful and smart and… I look down and see her bare breasts, large and ripe. My eyes widen and I instinctively lick my lips. "You look like a cartoon character when their eyes bug out when they see something they like," she teases. "They're so big," I say with awe. "Can I touch them?" She nods. "But be gentle, they are really sensitive." I cup one with each hand, more than a handful, much more. My son is one lucky boy. I run my thumbs over the nipples, they pebble instantly. Bella moans and thrusts them into my hands. "You like that, baby?" I feel like a kid in a candy story, or a Bella store. "Baby, what did the doctor say about you and orgasms?" I ask, while my thumbs continue against her taut nipples. "Oh, god. That feels good," she pants. "Um, he said it's okay, just no penetration." "Really? Did touching me make you wet, Bella?" I taunt, knowing that she's a quivering mess of need, just like I was. "Yes." "I want something else for my birthday," I say, backing her up to the bed and sitting her down on the edge. "You do? What do you want?" She asks, her dark eyes, darker and hooded, her gaze lust filled and unfocused. "You." I say before leaning over and kissing her swollen lips, our tongues swirling, remembering. I help her lay back before leaving her tangy fruit sweetened mouth to kiss down her ample breasts, across the stretched skin of her stomach, which is miraculously cocooning our baby boy. When I reach her pussy, it's swollen and so very wet. I take in her scent, familiar...mine. I spread her legs, rubbing her thighs, inching closer and closer to the apex. "I've missed this. My beautiful, amazing, generous wife. I want you. Only you." And then I dive in, flicking, licking and sucking her outer lips and clit, careful not to enter her in any way. Soon she's quivering, her legs shaking, her hands gripping my hair, holding me where she needs me most. She calls out my name right before her whole body rhythmically jerks and seizes in pleasure. I help her ride out her orgasm, then lay my head on her thigh, savoring the moment. "Help me up, I've gotta pee," she says effectively killing the mood. We both laugh as I help her stand and she waddles off to the bathroom. I watch her from the doorway until the door closes, admiring her naked form, looking exactly how the woman carrying my baby should look; curvy, round, glowing...beautiful. I lay back on the bed and think, best birthday surprise...ever! A/N Well I finally finished something. Hope you enjoyed it!