said over my shoulder as I stalked off taking large hopefully calming breaths as I did. They seemed to work because by the time I got to the gym I was feeling a little more controlled. Gym was a joke for me now. Gone was the clumsy girl who couldn't walk a straight line without falling. I was an apex predator now, Thee apex predator and I could run circles around any Olympic athlete so simple high school gym class was more an exercise in restraint than anything else. By the end of class I placed myself solidly in the middle of the pack in the minds of the students. I hurried out to my gym to change as soon as we were dismissed in the hopes of catching Angela before she left but it seemed Angela wasn't sticking around I could already tell by her scent in the parking lot she had left only a minute or two before I got there. With a deep sigh, I got into my truck using all of my willpower not to follow her scent home as I pulled out of the school parking lot and headed home. -{Alice: Olympic Mountains, north of Forks Washington}- Trees blurred past me as I raced through the forest doing the opposite of what I am used to. Instead of using my visions of the future to show me where to go, I was using them to show me where not to go. I needed to go to where I couldn't see me going if I was going to find the source of the anomaly I started noticing today. Blank spots in my vision things I couldn't see where I know I should. Like how there was a new girl starting school today yet I couldn't get a single vision of her. Or how I had planned to use my visions to see what we would miss in the classes we skipped today but couldn't see into Biology II. And now while out hunting I couldn't see myself taking a certain path through the forest and up the mountain. There was no Edward to see my plan and stop me from taking a risk now, it was just me out by myself hunting and there was no way I could resist finding out why my visions were being blocked. As I came up the mountainside leaving the tree line I started to smell something that gave me pause. It smelled like a cinnamon candles with hints of pepper as well as a component that I couldn't place all mixed in with the smell of a predator. It seemed the scent was in direction of my blocked vision. Soon I could hear what almost sounded like metal scraping against stone and the ground was shaking slightly. I slowed my approach as I neared the sound only for it to stop suddenly and for a profound silence to follow, though I knew something large was up ahead, the scent was stronger and I could see some large footprints in the snow around a cave entrance. I entered cautiously into the cave my eyes easily picking out the scratches from large claws on the stone floor even in this cave and in the middle of the night. At the sight, I started applying everything I knew about stealth and kept moving forward. I just had to know, now more than ever. After rounding a few bends in the large cave and noticing a few places where large claws seemed to have widened the path as if to make room for something truly huge, a glow started to appear on the walls. Following the glow, I came upon a large cavern that held a glowing red stone in the center of it. On the opposite side of the stone lay the most terrifying and yet beautiful creature I had ever seen. Something straight out of myths and legends was before me and for a terrifying moment, I froze as I took it in. A large black dragon lay on the floor I couldn't tell it's size from how it was positioned but I knew I could easily use its head as a bed from size alone, though I was rather small compared to others. It was an elegant creature very lean and slender with tightly packed but large scales covering its whole body. On its head was a set of four horns two on each side and both arching delicately backward. Its wings were like the wings of a bat and placed above its forelegs, only scaled over the bone, along the spine starting from the back of the head and traveling all the way to the tip of the tail were curved spikes that if viewed from the sides almost looked like shark fins. Overall it was a beautiful and obviously deadly creature which was currently looking right at me with glowing orange eyes. Eyes that were slitted like a cats, though as the eyes watched me they dilated becoming rounded as a look of only what I could describe as shock filled the creature's eyes, though how I know such a creature was feeling shocked at the sight of me was beyond me at the moment. As I stood there momentarily stupefied by what I was seeing the creature started to move. I idly noticed the creature's tail seemed to almost change color as it slid close to the bright red rock in the middle of the room, but the rest of my focus was on the great beast before me which was slowly standing up while keeping its eyes locked with my own. Author's Note: hey peeps I hoped you liked it. I have a poll going on my profile page at the moment which I need your help with. I can't decide how I want Alice to react in the next chapter and so made a poll to see what you guys think. please check it out.