poised to end her life and splayed the palm of it under her shirt and against her tightly pulled skin. As soon as their flesh met, the child inside her began to thrash and twist about. "This the ONLY reason you are breathing right now! This. MY CHILD is the only reason you aren't in two pieces and piled with the others!" Edward was so close to her that he could taste her fear on the surface of his tongue. He took a deeper breath and reveled in it. His proximity terrified Bella and she couldn't help the strangled cry that burst from her lips. Edward recoiled when she spluttered and babbled and begged. He had always thought humans to be disgusting creatures who secreted far too much for his liking. Out of sheer habit... Out of a love she didn't know how to turn off yet, Bella began to silently mourn for her losses. For the boy she had thought Edward was. For the love she lost, but had never really had with him. For the life of the child inside of her. She silently cried as she thought of how unnaturally fast the baby had grown over the course of the last hour. She couldn't help but think of her father and how much she loved him. "Stop thinking," Edward groaned. "You're as bad as that fucking mammoth over there, with your nonsense about love. Ugh. Enough!" As soon as the words left his mouth, Jacob charged Edward. Neither of them had seen him rise off the grass on his knees. However, Edward was too quick for the human boy, even though his size nearly doubled Edward's slight frame. Without ever touching Jacob, his hand lifted as the boy's body hovered in the air, muscular limbs flailing about. With narrowed eyes, Edward held him there, airborne, before he clenched his fist. The sharp sound of a snap made Bella gasp and shield her face. Jacob crumpled into a heap on the ground, unmoving, his spine broken in two. Blood poured from his body, pooling into a puddle of thick, sticky crimson. Edward smirked, walking over to the boy. He kicked Jacob's ribs to check that he was indeed gone, and then spat on him for good measure. He then turned toward Bella very slowly. His eyes were lit at the sight of her bulging midsection, ripe and ready for birth. "Now, enough talking. I believe it's time to claim what is mine." "Nooooo! Get away from me!" Bella screamed, shrill and loud, filled with the hope that anyone nearby would hear her cries, and come to her aid. She moved and tried to run, but the child within her had other ideas. A sharp pain ripped through her midsection, bringing her to her knees. She reached between her legs, feeling wetness soak her pants. Her water had broken. Bella's strangled cries fell on deaf ears as Edward stared down at the restless child inside of her. Falling to his knees at her side, he flashed a sinister smile. "It's time." He gripped the handle of the knife in both hands and raised them high above his head and Bella's stomach. Closing his eyes, he took a deep breath. "My son..." He hadn't heard the twig snap between the Chief's black leather boot until it was too late. With the spot between Edward's eyes, Chief Swan didn't hesitate to pull the trigger. Edward's eyes flitted open and locked with Bella's just before he brought the knife down, slicing through her abdomen. He gave her one last eerie smile and a wink before the gunshot rang out. The bullet pierced his forehead and he collapsed to the ground. Bella's screams were discordant and unending as everything happened in the blink of an eye. She clutched her bleeding stomach and screamed for her father. "Dad! Oh my God, Dad! Help me! I can't... It hurts! Oh God, please!" Her back arched violently off of the ground as a bone crunching spasm shot through her body. As she fell back against the grass, she began to lose the feeling in her extremities and she knew - My spine... Her arm fell to her side and while she still had movement, she reached a single hand out toward her father, who had hit his knees several feet away, seemingly in shock. A burning pain radiated through the lower half of her body just before she felt... It expel itself from her. A shrill, keening cry was heard and Charlie finally sprang into action, scooping up the revolver from where it had fallen from his hands and landed on the ground. With no reluctance at all, he stepped toward his daughter's bloody, mutilated body. Two tears, one from each eye, slid evenly down each of Bella's temples as she looked up into the face of her father. Too weak to move or speak, her thoughts were all she had left. I'm so sorry, Dad. So sorry. I didn't know. I love you... She watched as Charlie lifted the gun and pointed it at her head. Her terrified, confused brown eyes grew wider. "Sorry, sweet girl." In the nanosecond before her life was cut short, understanding flashed across her face. Edward. Harnessing the Chief's gun, he picked his son up and cradled him to his chest. Capturing his tiny tail in the palm of his hand and tucking it between their two bodies, he smiled down in triumph and disappeared into the woods. XXspinebreakerXX The small town of Forks became the subject of national headlines for years to come. The tragic story of how a well-respected chief of police lost it and murdered eighteen teenaged kids in cold blood, including his own daughter, her boyfriend and her best friend. The ritualistic way in which the victims were brutally slain went down as one of the most horrific crimes in the history of the nation. And the manhunt for Charles Swan continues to this day, fruitlessly.