was out the door the before we had even stopped moving. Clouds of steam from the train hung in the air as I weaved in and out of passengers, porters and luggage trolleys, the chugging of departing engines echoing under the glass roof. I was fortunate the station served the docks as the clock up above told me I had just fifteen minutes left. In the distance, the looming figure of the Juliana cast a dark shadow across the docks. The throngs of travellers and relatives bidding each other goodbye, porters, and ship officials carrying out the standard checks from the passenger lists were thinning now as the great ship began emitting steam from the gargantuan funnels. "Excuse me!" I exclaimed breathlessly, approaching a crew member about to embark. He looked at his clipboard. "Are you a passenger, sir?" "No, but—" "Then I'll kindly ask you to move along. We are about to sail." I stepped in front of the gangway. "You don't understand, someone very important to me is on board and I must speak with her!" "We can't delay for a lovers' quarrel, sir. Now, please step aside." I was not letting this ship leave without finding Izzy. I pulled a wad of notes from my wallet, thrusting them towards him. "Here, take this, just please. I need to speak with Miss Isabella Swan. I'm begging you; she's carrying my child. I can't let her go!" He didn't take the money. "I'm very sorry, sir, but there is no time. If you don't step aside, I shall involve the police!" The sound of the ship's horn reverberated around the docks, making me turn my head instinctively. The crew member took the opportunity to push past me, running up the gangway and through the iron door as the ship began to pull away. I looked around frantically. Surely there was someone else left to ask, some other way onto the departing vessel? But all I could see were relatives and friends waving to the passengers now on deck, the gap between the gangway and bolted doors growing wider. Kicking the ground in anger, I locked my hands behind my head and began pacing. I would go after her. I didn't care what ship I had to sail on. I'd go in a cargo ship if I had to, just as long as I got to New York as quickly as possible. I turned, deciding to head for the little information kiosk. They would know. It was then that I saw it. Really, it was hard to miss. Suitcase upon suitcase, the fine leather luggage surrounded a bench. Tingles shot along my spine as my eyes fell upon the figure sitting in the middle. Up past the Mary-Jane shoes, the nude stockings, hands clasped across her torso, clad in a white and lilac dress. Her rich, chestnut hair in its finger-waved faux-bob, partially hidden beneath a cloche hat. And finally, I lost myself in those expressive pools. Joy, trepidation, uncertainty, love, all swimming within as she stared back. "Izzy," I murmured, momentarily stunned. The second a tear fell from her eyes, I was in motion. I swept her up from that bench, lifting her into my arms. She buried her face in my neck as I rubbed circles on her back, whispering words of love and affection. When she pulled back, I looked down between us, and sure enough a small but definite bump protruded from her stomach. I placed my hand over her belly, not caring if anyone saw. "I couldn't go," she whispered. "It felt wrong. You deserved the choice whether or not to be in our child's life." She lowered her eyes. "Did you mean it? You couldn't let me leave?" I tilted her chin up. "Yes, I meant it. I would have followed you as soon as the next ship left." "But I thought …" I pressed a finger to her soft lips. "I know and I'm so, so sorry for everything. I've been miserable, Izzy. My heart hurts every minute of the day. I can't sleep, can't eat, can barely breathe. I realised today we would have to find a way somehow, because I can't lead a life without you in it." "What about Rose?" "I'll explain everything, but I don't think it will be hard to get her to petition for divorce. We'll just have to ride out the scandal." Doubt lingered in her eyes. I didn't blame her. "Izzy, if you still want to go to America, I'll come with you. Or we can stay here, or go anywhere in the world if that's what you want; just please give me one more chance to show you I'm not going anywhere." "You mean it? We can be t-together?" I smiled. "Yes, darling. You, me and our little one." A strangled sob came from her as she flung her arms around my neck again. I hugged her to me like a life preserver, basking in her scent and her light weight in my arms. "God, I love you, Izzy," I said, my voice thick. She pulled back, her beatific smile full of emotion. "I love you, too." Tenderly I brought my lips to hers in a sensual but respectable kiss. The sensations and emotions were more powerful than ever before, knowing what it was like to be without her. We pulled apart, both longing for more, but knowing here wasn't the place. We had much to talk about, but that could wait until we were somewhere more private. I beckoned a porter over to load the luggage onto a trolley and wrapped an arm around Izzy. Clinging to each other, we walked out towards the taxi rank, towards a new life that awaited us, together, as we should have been from the start. Well then, didn't that end nicely? :) I'd love to hear your thoughts! I'm back on Facebook /loulew87 :) I also have a Facebook group, just search 'Louise Lewin's Fic Corner.'