snapped our heads in his direction, with similar expressions of shock. He held his hands up in defense, "What? You can't tell me you weren't thinking the same thing." Admittedly, my train of thought had wandered across that possibility but I'd thought it much too inappropriate to ask her. Unfortunately, Emmett didn't exactly have a filter. Bella giggled, thankfully unfazed by the line of questioning, "Um, no, it wasn't. My dad was about to… feed on her, one day, but he didn't end up doing anything. "She was different. My mom, Renée, wasn't scared at all of what was happening. My dad found that extremely strange, yet intriguing. She didn't seem to fear vampires, so my father decided to keep her around: first, as a receptionist. But eventually, they developed feelings for one another… and they got married. No one knew, except for Uncle Marcus and Caius. "They didn't exactly approve of his decision, knowing that it was breaking one of their rules, but they didn't want to prevent him from being happy," her lips upturned into a small smile then. "My dad didn't know that it was possible for vampires and humans to have children. So after their honeymoon, he was shocked when she got pregnant-" and then she cut herself off, staring just behind us at something. Or rather, someone. I turned around to see a guy, about Bella's age with jet-black hair and pale blue eyes. "I thought you weren't going to be back for another two weeks," whoever he was, Bella seemed shocked to see him. "I was expecting a little more enthusiasm, Bells," the boy feigned disappointment, as she laughed, walking over to him, "Shut up." He engulfed her in an embrace, and the two looked happy to see each other again, even though I was currently feeling the complete opposite of that. What was this nauseating feeling in the pit of my stomach? "God, I'm being so rude. I was just explaining… well, everything… to the Cullens. You can help me fill them in. Unless you'd prefer to rest?" The boy shook his head, slinging his arm around her shoulders. Again, I felt that sickly feeling making an appearance. I couldn't even hide it from Jasper, seeing him throw me a curious glance after a while. "Nah I wanna make up for all the lost time while I was away. Football is fun and all, but I feel like my summer's been wasted enough." My guess following that statement was that he'd been on an exchange program of sorts playing sports? "So wait, you guys are the Cullens? We've heard loads about you. Great to finally meet you," he removed his arm from Bella's shoulder, stretching it out for Carlisle to shake. "I'm Jace, Bella's brother," he smiled, showing off a row of perfectly straight teeth, and suddenly making everything click in my head. How could I have not made the connection that he was Aro's son? The hair alone should've triggered it. Embarrassingly, that wasn't the only thing that happened after hearing that Bella and Jace were related. My whole body relaxed, I had no idea why it had been tense in the first place. I shouldn't have cared if Jace was instead Bella's boyfriend, or something. I didn't even know her. I shouldn't care , I convinced myself. "How many of you are there?" Rosalie asked, eyes wide. Jace began to laugh, "Just two, just Bella and I. We're fraternal twins. There aren't going to be any more of 'us'." There was a hint of finality in his tone of voice. I crinkled my eyebrows in confusion, "What do you mean?" Thankfully, I could read his mind: " Finally some vegetarian vampires. Dad was right about them; they seem friendly enough" He didn't answer my question in his mind, but at least I knew that Jace wasn't shielded like Bella. Could that be her gift? A shield? Bella explained, "Well my dad realized the consequences of fraternizing with a human. He reinforced the 'no relationships with humans' law. He doesn't want any more abominations to be created." At the end, her voice dropped, and Jace bit the inside of his cheek as if recalling something from the past. "Your father believes that of you?" Esme asked gently, letting some of her shock seep through. Both Jace and Bella visibly softened under her tone, and I smiled knowingly. Esme just had that motherly effect to her, that made it impossible for anyone to be mad while with her. "Well yeah, we weren't supposed to happen. Our mom had to be changed after our births, because we were basically breaking her body from the inside, due to our strength. Despite all of that, we're not vicious, man-slaughtering monsters, but my dad's convinced that if this ever happens again, the 'product' may not be as controlled," Jace rolled his eyes at the end, while I nodded in understanding. I mean I kind of understood where Aro was coming from. He didn't know what would happen to the next half-human, half-vampire creation. For all he knew, it could end up being volatile. I highly doubted that, after meeting Bella and Jace, but I guess Aro was only trying to be smart. "Don't get me wrong. Our dad loves us, and he cares about us," Bella shook her head with a smile on her face, "He just doesn't want something like this to ever happen again." I guess things had changed after all. Who knew Aro would ever have kids? Who he loved and cherished? The twin siblings showed us to our rooms where we got settled in, and I got the distinct feeling that this trip wasn't going to be nearly as terrible as I'd initially imagined. Quite the opposite, actually. So how was that? It didn't come out how I wanted it to. Hopefully, it'll get better. Please just give it some time I love all reviews… good, bad. I just like feedback! Xoxo LoveACullen