let me in? I just want to talk." I was beginning to wonder if I was just going crazy believing that he was still in there. After a moment though I heard the door slowly click open as it was unlocked. Taking a deep breath I stood, twisting the handle as I let myself into the dark rom. Jasper?" "You shouldn't be here Bella." I was almost taken back by the rough voice that called from the dark room. Letting my eyes adjust slightly I glanced around as I searched for him In the corner of the room is where he sat, blonde hair glowing faintly in the moonlight as he hung his head low. "I know I shouldn't be but I couldn't leave you alone Jasper, not like this," I took a step forward. "Please don't come any closer, I don't want to hurt you," feeling slightly defeated I turned my back to him as I felt around for the light switch, if I was going to do this I was going to see him while I did. Finally locating it I squinted as light filled the room. "That's better," I muttered to myself as I turned back towards him, seeing that he had retreated further into his corner. "Now tell me what happened?" I stayed where I was, I knew I was pushing my luck as it was, I didn't want to frighten him further. "I'm sure Edward told you, I bet he couldn't wait to throw that one at everyone, show everyone how weak I am." "He did tell me, but I don't want to hear it for him, or anyone else for that matter. I want to hear it from you." I slowly eased myself to the floor as I faced him. "I killed someone Bella, I held someone's life in my hands and I took it, all because of what? Some stupid lie!" I could hear him beginning to feel angry as he projected his emotions onto me, the crippling guilt I now felt plus the sudden anger. It was unbearable. "What do you mean?" keep it calm, keep it cool. "She lied to me, she told me we were meant to be together and then she decided it was over, that she didn't love me, we weren't mates and that she had found her true mate. How could she do that? We were together for so long, yeah I knew we wasn't mates, a part of me always knew but to just turn around and throw that in my face, telling me I was going to leave the family also, so that she and 'Henry' could be together? How could she do that Bella?" My heart was breaking in front of me for the man I barely knew, how could Alice be so cruel? I was happy she found her true mate but honestly if she was here, I would set her pixie ass on fire for the pain she was putting Jasper through at the moment. "Oh Jasper," I began to move forward a little only for his head to snap up. "Please stay back, I really don't want to hurt you," I didn't answer him for a moment as I stared into his eyes, what once was golden was now a bright and piercing red. They were mesmerising, and that scared me. "See, I know you're scared of me Bella, I can feel it. I'm a monster." Again his head rested on his knees as he wrapped his arms around himself. "I'm not scared of you." I whispered as I moved a little closer. "How can you say that when I can feel what you do?" he never looked up, even as I inched closer and closer. "I know what I felt Jasper but you misunderstand," I was right in front of him now. "I'm scared because I thought your eyes were beautiful," I whispered so low I didn't even think he could hear, but as he once again looked up and straight at me I knew he did and I also knew he was testing my emotions for even an ounce of a lie. "How? How can you say that knowing what I've done?" "Everyone's slipped at some time in their lives Jasper that doesn't make you a monster, the fact that you're here and feeling guilty over what you have done proves that." I slowly reach out and stroke his hair behind his ears, "you shouldn't beat yourself up because of that, you shouldn't blame yourself either Jas, I certainly don't." I smiled softly as he stared. "You really are something, you know that?" I blushed slightly as he shook his head, "here you are, sat in front of me, blushing for fuck sake when I have red eyes, proof of what I've done and there you are. Not scared, touching me, you don't even fear for your own safety." "I know you won't hurt me, I trust you." I shrugged, it was tree, not one part of me thought he would hurt me. I was always safe with him. "I think you're right," he muttered to himself, "I don't think I could ever hurt you, no matter what." A confused look passed his face before it disappeared. A/N: So what do you guys think? I hope you like it, this idea has been floating around in my head for the past few weeks and I couldn't stand it anymore, I had to get it down. so here it is. I didn't even want to end the chapter, truth it I'm nearly 1000 words into the next I just love writing it. Anyway IMPORTANT! If you read my other stories you will know that I have dyslexia so I do struggle with my spelling as well as my grammar but I do try. Either way I hope you liked it and hopefully I'll have the next chapter up soon. Let me know what you think Until next time, Jess x