sure if you were serious. You're—you're like me." He was careful how he worded things, not wanting other customers to hear anything out of the ordinary, after all, it wasn't very loud in the small diner and voices carried. "You're correct," I stated. "I'm sorry ma'am, have we met before?" He asked in utter incertitude. He buried his eyes into mine trying to pin point a moment when we would have crossed paths in the past, "Do I know you from somewhere? Have you been sent by-," he paused, hesitantly, "someone?" "No. I haven't been sent by anyone. I came here myself. And—no you wouldn't know me," I explained. I didn't know if it was the right time to explain my visions or not but I had a feeling this encounter would make little sense without explanation, "I actually know you though." He eyed me cautiously. His jawline held taut. He was slightly edgy as he was clueless to the woman sitting in front of him. "I certainly have some explaining to do, don't I?" He nodded in agreement, completely interested, "Please." "Let me start off by introducing myself—I'm Alice," I said with a wide smile. "Jasper," he replied back stating his name and it surprised me greatly when he reached his hand across the table offering his hand in greeting. His move surprised me but I slowly clasped his hand in mine and shook it gently. I savored the feeling of his warm hand wrapped in mine. I savored the smooth feeling of his skin and the masculinity of his hands. I knew it the interaction did not seem to mean much. I'd seen it before in my visions, but seeing us make contact then did not compare to physically touching him in real life. It made my stomach clench in excitement. It felt unnatural to pull away but I knew that it was only one of the many contacts between myself and him. At least I could only hope so. "I know," I chimed in response to his name. Before he could question me once more, Janet strode by to the side of our table. I could tell that Jasper was holding his breath and his hands discretely clenched into fists as she approached us. He was trying to suppress his hunger and for good reason. "Honey, it's so good to see your friend has finally arrived," she told me as she grabbed her waitress book and pulled out a pen, "can I get you anything, Sir? Any drinks? We do have wonderful shakes if I should make a suggestion." He eyed me from the corner of his eye as he had heard that suggestion before. "No," he started in a low quiet but polite voice, "Thank you though." "Alright then. Easy customers," she chuckled and watched as she walked the other way. I looked back at him only to meet his gaze. "How did you know my name? Please be honest." "Why don't we go outside? I think it might be better to explain away from all the people. Besides I'd like to take a walk," I gestured around the diner to the various tables that were occupied by customers to Finch's. He complied and slid out of the booth grabbing his rain coat along with him. He held out his hand to help me out of the booth, "I'd like that, Alice." I took his hand, gladly and slid out, grabbing my bag and umbrella on the way. He dropped his hand the moment I was standing and stepped back to leave space between us. He was awfully cautious. It made me slightly disappointed but I tried to be completely understanding. He didn't know me after all. I had to realize that this was all completely different to him as it wasn't for me. I had known him already for years. I was careful to keep some distance, both physically and emotionally. I tried not to appear smothering. Something about Jasper made me think that he was a very cautious man—not very trusting. He was holding back a lot. I could almost physically feel his tense nature coming off from him. I didn't know anything about his past and I wasn't sure what he had encountered. So I couldn't mess this up. This was too important. We started walking towards the front door but then the thought occurred to me that I should probably pay for the coffee I received. "One second," I told him as I reached to my bag pulling out my wallet. The coffee was only ten cents but I pulled out a fifty dollar bill and placed it on the table. It would help Janet with her bills and I smiled knowing that would help her out a lot. He raised one eyebrow at the money as it was unusual for any of our kind to possess much human money since there was no need for it. I could tell that he was interested in why I attempted to blend into the human scene so much. I would need to explain from the beginning—the beginning of my existence and everything. We started for the front door of the diner but paused once more as I wrapped my hand around the door knob and I turned around looking up at him. That was the first time I noticed the real height difference. He really seemed to tower over me but I didn't mind. I felt small but I also felt as if the world was in my hands. "You promise you'll follow me though right?" He looked at me and for the first time, I sensed a positive emotion emitting from him. A feeling of promise, positivity and most importantly, hope. And something that I hadn't seen in any vision for twenty eight years. The curve of his mouth slanted upward. A smile. No matter how small it may have been, it meant the world to me. And he finally spoke, "I promise."