her face, see the one tooth that is not as perfectly straight as the others, and the movement of his full lips as he breathes deeply. There's fire between them, passion that is just barely tipping the scale between mutual hatred and fierce attraction. Edward brings his head closer. "Bella, tell me. And what?" Suddenly, Bella's internal struggle comes to a halt as she listens to her body and what it wants. Her hands find his neck, his hair, and with all her might, she pulls him to her, crashing their lips together. Edward responds with equal fervor as his lips move with hers, wrapping his arms around her waist and crushing her to him. Their lips move in perfect synchronization, kissing and nipping as their passion and lust for each other grows. Edward slides his tongue against her bottom lip, asking for entrance, which Bella does without hesitation. The kiss turns long and deep, getting more and more frantic as their tongues fight for dominance. Edward raises one hand to the back of Bella's neck and holds it in place as he devours her lips with a passion. Fingernails dig into skin and leave marks as their mouths collide, teeth clashing, biting lips, and making almost feral sounds. Bella moans into Edward's mouth as his fingers grab her hair and pull hard enough to be painful and yet more arousing than anything. She responds by tugging the hair at the base of his neck, eliciting a groan that goes straight to her hoohah. "Blarghhh! Gah! Ewww! Blarghhhh!" A series of fake puking sounds interrupts them, and Bella reluctantly releases Edward, turning around to face an angry Emmett running in their direction. "Fucking gross!" Emmett yells between spitting on the street. "What is it, aper ? You okay?" Edward asks, his arms still wrapped around Bella's soft form. "That- that …" He points at Rose, who walks toward them nonchalantly with an evil smirk on her face. "That! That is a MAN, aper . A man!" 'WHAT?" Edward shouts, releasing Bella as he rushes to his friend. "What do you mean she is a man?" Rose rolls her eyes at the dramatics and exchanges a wink with Bella. She'd known this was coming; a guy like him was always going to react like that. She'd had some fun in the meantime though. "You fucking lied to my friend!" Edward yells. Rose is the picture of calm, sadly used to the feelings of betrayal in others. "I didn't lie. It took me a few hours to tell him I wasn't quite born this way. So-the-fuck-what." Emmett is still spitting on the ground as if he's trying to get rid of a sour taste in his mouth. "Am I gay now?" he whines. "Are you really that fucking idiotic?" Bella interjects. "Rose is a woman , you moron." "Don't call me a moron, got that? I have every right to feel disgusted and confused right now," Emmett growls. "Fuck, babe—I mean, fuck, Rose, or whatever your real name is. I thought you were so hot!" "And now you don't?" Rose asks coolly. "It's the same body it was fifteen minutes ago." "But it's not the same body it was fifteen years ago!" "I should hope not. Is your body the same as it was fifteen years ago?" Rose snickers. "I know that 15 years ago I didn't have women boobs, that's for sure!" "Neither did I, Einstein," Rose retorts. Emmett growls again. "You know what I mean! Ugh. Come on, Eddie, we're outta here." Edward throws a longing look at Bella, the girl who had him simultaneously pissed off and turned on beyond belief. Bella is silent, as conflicted as Edward. She can't allow her friend to be insulted, but her lips are still sensitive and swollen from her make-out session with Edward, and she wants more. She takes a hesitant step in his direction, as if a final touch could somehow change tonight's outcome. "Edward," she whispers and stays silent, swallowing her words. There is too much she wants to say. He takes a deep breath, feeling anger and frustration run through him. He's angry with Rose for lying to his best friend, angry with Emmett for ruining the hottest moment of his life, and frustrated that there's no easy way to solve this. A large part of him is disgusted by the very idea of making out with a woman who used to be a man, but Rose is Bella's friend, a beautiful woman, and she and Em hit it off so well, so how bad could it be? He finds himself wanting to convince Emmett to reconsider. Not at all for his own benefit with regards to Bella, of course. Nuh uh. He just … needs to touch her one last time, feel her lips against his. He takes a step closer to her and is abruptly torn away by Emmett's strong hands wrapping around his biceps. "Come the fuck on, aper ," Emmett yells as he drags Edward away from the girls. "I'm sorry," Edward mouths in Bella's direction, unable to stop Emmett's brisk walking. "Me too," Bella whispers back as she watches the boys disappear round the corner, though neither of them are sure exactly what they're sorry for. A/N: When Bella says "If you think a sex worker sells her body but a coal miner doesn't, your view of labor is clouded by your moralistic view of sexuality", this is actually a quote by Dr. Eric Sprankle. Language notes are mentioned before the start of the story. Because of all the secrecy about the contest we didn't get much feedback on it, so we'd love to hear from you in reviews. Even if you hate it. Especially if you love it - we realize that this story has a very open ending and we might consider continuing it but if no one likes it as much as we did... we'll just leave you with this ;)