was shrouded in darkness. "Looks like you're home alone. Want me to come in and keep you company?" "No! I want you to leave." I looked at the time, it was gone 11pm. How had it got so late? "He'll probably be in bed." I turned and opened the door, getting out of the car before I leaned back in. "I never want to see you again, this never happened." He merely smiled at me. "If you say so. See you soon, Edward." I slammed the door, wincing immediately at the noise. I turned on my heel and headed to the house, fishing my key out of my pocket and sliding it into the lock. I knew I was alone, his car was not in the drive, but there was no way I was going to give Carlisle the satisfaction of knowing that. The house was dark, but I couldn't turn any lights on, I didn't want to see my reflection in any of the mirrors in the hallway. I wanted a shower and to climb into bed, to forget this ever happened. Once in the bathroom, I stripped off my clothes, dropping them in the laundry hamper. Finally, I switched the light on, what I saw in the mirror shocked me. My hair was a mess, my face still carried a slight flush, turning to the side I could clearly see red marks where he had gripped my hips a little too tightly. Shit. How would I explain this away? I climbed into the cubicle, allowing the hot jets of water wash over me. I closed my eyes, remembering how good he felt inside me, how he controlled me and took what he wanted not just what I wanted to give. Grabbing the bodywash, I cleaned my body, removing the remnants of my release from me. Once I was done, I dried and put on a pair of sleep pants, I called his mobile, but it went straight to voicemail. I closed my eyes as I left a message, telling him I was home and I was sorry. Was he out looking for me or was he punishing me by staying away for being so childish? Only time would tell. I climbed into bed and pulled the duvet around me. As I closed my eyes I couldn't rid myself of the thoughts of what had happened, and I strangely found myself getting turned on again, my hand began to move to my cock but I froze as I heard the bedroom door open and close, he was home, but could I face him tonight? I laid there, my back to him, pretending to be asleep as he moved around the bedroom and bathroom, getting himself ready for bed. It felt like forever before the duvet lifted and he slid into the bed next to me. "You're home," he breathed, placing a kiss on my exposed shoulder. His body pressed up against me, I could feel his skin against mine, his arm slid around my waist as he placed kisses on my skin. "Edward, please, I know you're not asleep. I know you remember?" I took a deep breath before I turned over to face him. We were inches apart, his dark eyes searching mine, his body bathed the in the light coming through the window. "Are you okay?" He questioned, his fingers tracing over my skin. "Did I take it too far?" I shook my head vehemently. "No! Not at all, I loved it, Carlisle. It was everything I wanted and so much more." Carlisle smiled at me. "Good, I was worried." "I love you, thank you so much for making tonight so special." I kissed his lips, feeling him smile. "Anything to make you happy, baby." He pulled me to him and I could feel his erection pressing against me. "Now, can I make love to my wonderful, imaginative boyfriend?" I nodded. He grabbed my hips and I winced in pain, trying to hide it from him but of course, I could never hide anything from him. "Baby, what's wrong? Did I hurt you?" He flicked the bedside lamp on and pulled back the duvet and ripped at my sleep pants, exposing the red marks on my hips. "Shit! I'm sorry, I didn't mean to be so rough with you. I just got carried away." I took hold of his face in my hands. "It's okay, Carlisle, I promise. I loved every single moment of what happened." He smiled weakly. "You made a fantasy come true for me tonight, I wanted it, remember?" He nodded again. "Make love to me, Carlisle, please?" I pleaded. "If that's what you want," he replied, moving his body over mine. "How could I ever say no to you?" I chuckled, knowing he was mine and I was his. And to answer that question, Carlisle could never say no to me, and I loved him for it. We made love in our bed, both of our minds distracted by what we had done earlier. Pretending to be strangers, him taking me in the most primal of ways. This is what I loved about our relationship, we listened to each other, gave each other what we needed. Now all I had to do was wait for Carlisle to reveal his fantasy to me so I could repay the favor. Once we were both out of breath I curled up next to his body, listening to his breathing and wondering how I got so lucky as I too fell asleep. Authors Note: Thanks for reading and huge thanks to Nicole for betaing this so quickly – MWAH! So, hands up. Who thought Edward was being a naughty boy and cheating? I hope you enjoyed this, it was inspired by a 6 hour round trip to Oxford a couple of weeks ago when the plot bunny popped into my head on the way back and demanded to be written and who was I to say no!