make sure they weren't simply in a daydream. Both Edward and Jasper were spluttering, while Alice's jaw had dropped open - probably at the fact that she was actually sharing a call with a celebrity she'd admired for years. From what I could tell, Bella was sitting in her bedroom, on the wooden desk adjacent to her king-sized bed. The space looked about the same from when I'd visited last year, with interchanging grey and navy blue walls, white furniture, and elaborate décor. Suddenly though, Bella noticed the three gaping faces on the screen, and a suspicious turned thoughtful turned comprehending look formed on her face, "So… I'm guessing that you finally told your friends?" Then she shocked them even further when she moved a stray piece of hair away from her face, "Wait, so… let me see if I can get this right: you're Jasper. You're Alice. And you're…Edward." She pointed to each of them, as all of their eyes widened. "And you're Bella Monroe," Edward whispered, eyes wide, as if the truth was only now finally settling in. He seemed embarrassed at his gawking, but once noticing the similar expressions on Jasper and Alice's faces, he continued on. Bella smiled, nodding, "The one and only," then she cringed, "I take that back – I didn't mean to sound so... conceited." She whispered the last part to herself, making us all chuckle lightly at her. Jasper soon spoke slowly, obviously still processing this whole thing, "And you're Emmett's sister?" As he spoke, he pointed a finger in my direction, wanting to make the person he was referring to, abundantly clear. Meanwhile, I looked at him, my expression turning unimpressed, "Seriously? Is it that hard to believe?" Almost immediately, Edward and Jasper shared a look before yelling, "Yes!" Bella laughed then, completely amused at my friends, "Yes, I'm Emmett's sister. Even though we don't look anything alike, we are completely, 100% related." She smiled, joking, "I can get a DNA test to prove it. "I just live with our mom and stepdad, and he lives with our dad. It's been that way since, about… 14 years ago?" I nodded in confirmation, as she smiled, looking nostalgic all of a sudden. "So, you guys have kept in contact all these years?" Alice asked with wonder, only to be met with Bella and me grinning. "Of course. Emmett's pretty much my best friend," she beamed, as I smiled back with a nod. I explained to the group of my friends, "We visit each other at least once a year, usually at a location that we decide on, to protect us from the paparazzi and stuff. I surprised her last year in L.A. though. Other than that, we just Skype each other, or text." "It's kind of amazing that you guys have stayed so close. I mean, the distance is one thing, but also, the difference in lifestyles. That's really cool," Edward was speaking thoughtfully, more to himself than anything, but Bella still thanked him. I grinned when his answering expression was a dazed one. We all began talking; breaking the ice in a way, and it was a relatively long while before I actually took note of Bella's appearance. My older brother protective instinct instantly kicked in when I saw that her eyes had light purple marks under them – a clear sign of sleep deprivation. Although her eyes looked tired, she otherwise looked put-together as always. Her long, mahogany hair was smooth and sleek, and her face still had traces of make-up, leading me to the assumption that she had just come back from an event of the sorts. However, she was dressed comfortably in an oversized sweater, so I guessed that she'd arrived home a while back. "Have you gotten any time to rest lately?" I asked her, slightly out of the blue, already knowing what her answer would be, once she flinched. She tried to reason with me, "Emmett, I only have time these days for naps. Every time I'm about to get some sleep, something comes up. And it's almost always important. I don't want to disappoint anyone by cancelling," she said, only towards the end showing slight discomfort that all of my friends were listening and watching so intently. Noticing this, Edward made a head motion to Jasper and Alice, who soon dispersed around the room, going back to what they had been doing before; thereby giving us some privacy. I had to commend them for being so considerate, despite the fact that I noticed them continuing to sneak glances at the computer screen every once in a while to confirm that this whole thing wasn't all some weird dream they were going to wake up from. Rosalie spoke up, "Bella, you're just going end up letting everyone down when you crash and burn from exhaustion. Have you thought of taking a break? Not a long one… just for the rest of the summer. It'd be like if you were just a normal teenager going on vacation from school." I actually had to do a double take at what Rosalie was suggesting – it was pure brilliance, actually. I raised my voice in agreement with her, asking Bella why she didn't just do that. "I don't know… I mean, obviously it'd be really nice to get away from all this for a little while," Bella's eyebrows scrunched together as she pondered the idea for a few minutes. "Are you working on anything big at the moment?" Rosalie questioned, as Bella immediately began shaking her head. As if an invisible light bulb had just sparked alive inside me, the next words coming out of my mouth were: "Um, Bella? Why don't you just come to Forks?" A/N: So, I know that that's possibly the worst way to end a chapter, but I felt like I didn't want to write too much before I got some of your thoughts. So… what do you guys think? Should I keep going?