him warily, seeming slightly surprised. "And there won't be any..." he glanced at Charlie briefly. "Conflict?" Carlisle took this to mean hunting, and responded as such. "We prefer to go a couple hours when we're out camping," he said meaningfully. "No use in your own backyard." The pair of Quileutes looked to each other, before Harry responded. "Fair enough." Charlie watched the conversation with confusion clear on his face, before shrugging it off. Carlisle sat, or rather laid, by silently as Charlie and his Quileute friends watched a few football games, not keeping much of an eye on any of it. He was far more focused on Bella, who was still out cold on his chest nearly 6 hours later. Carlisle relaxed and closed his eyes, deciding to feign sleep for Charlie's sake. Now he thought about it, he had no idea if the other two men knew the technicalities of vampirism. "So how did that happen?" came Billy's voice about ten minutes later. Carlisle presumed he meant Bella sleeping on his chest, and wasn't wrong. "She came in, saw him and damn near launched herself at him. I was gonna tell her to cool it, but he didn't seem to mind. I'll be the first to admit she needed it, but it took me by surprise, I'll admit." Charlie paused before going on, his tone rather grudging. "But hey, if it means she actually sleeps then I'm all for it. She hasn't slept like this since before they left." Carlisle heard one of them sigh. Billy, he thought. Harry didn't seem to be quite as vocal about them. It made sense, Billy was Ephraim's heir. "I'm not so sure Charlie," Billy began. Charlie sucked in a breath, but Billy cut him off. "Hear me out Charlie, please. I know you don't like it and I'm bound to silence where the details are concerned, but I will tell you that their… group, is bad news. Maybe not the Cullens themselves, for the most part, but others… like them, are not people you want to mix with. And being too involved with the Cullens will surely bring others like them straight to you." Charlie sighed heavily. "There's something strange about them Billy, there's no denying that. Anyone paying attention can see they're not quite human. I don't know what's up with them and I'm not sure I want to, but I know what they've done for my daughter. Most of them at least. I'm not happy with what Edward did but neither is he," Charlie stated. Carlisle had stopped breathing entirely, frozen as he listened to Charlie speak. If his heart could still beat, it would be pounding it's way out of his chest right now. "He means to take care of Bella, and she showed more emotion in ten minutes today than she has in months. I listen to her scream in her sleep every night, only to wake up and watch her push food around her plate and refuse to actually eat anything. Then he comes here today and she comes back to life, so to speak. Now she's slept longer since he's been here holding her like that than she has in the last week. Do you honestly expect me to rip that away from her?" Carlisle heard another sigh, Harry this time. He heard movement, but no one spoke and he didn't dare open his eyes to see what was going on. He heard Charlie walk to the kitchen, pick something up, come back and hand it to Billy. Next, there was the scratch of pen on paper, followed by a grunt and Charlie leaving the room once again. When Charlie was out of earshot, Harry spoke. "Billy, what the hell do you think you're doing?" "Helping him pull his head out of his ass. He can tell for himself they're not human and he still doesn't have the sense to keep himself and Bella away from them." "This violates the treaty and you know it," Harry said sharply. "Not as long as we don't tell him what they are it doesn't." Harry sighed deeply, sounding annoyed. "You're a fool, Billy. This is crossing the line." "Well at any rate it's too late now. He's got the suggestion and he'll go with it no matter what we say." "You should have asked me before you told him to do that." Carlisle listened intently to footsteps going up the stairs, the sound of Charlie rummaging in the bathroom cabinet for something and a sound of victory. The footsteps came back down the stairs and Charlie came to stand next to where Carlisle laid on the couch. Carlisle had no idea what was transpiring between the three men in the room, and it terrified him. He knew that they couldn't flat out expose what he truly was, it would violate the treaty in a way they weren't willing to do. They could, however, do something to make Charlie afraid of him, which he was quite sure was happening around him. It took every bit of willpower he had to continue to feign sleep, because he needed to know what the two men were trying to show Charlie, and also because he couldn't expose the fact that he had been listening to them. Edward was more annoyed by his gift than anything and Carlisle knew that, but right now he would kill, maybe literally, to have the same gift. Charlie shifted his weight, and Carlisle felt the heat from his skin as Charlie gently grasped Bella's arm and moved it gingerly to her side. Carlisle was positively dying to know what was going on and what Charlie was about to do, but he was drawing a complete and total blank. And by the time he figured out what was going on and had a chance to stop it, it was too late. Charlie had already pressed the metal disc of the stethoscope to his chest. Directly above his silent heart.