pant legs before biting into it. "Quite the offense. You know, your grandpa always ate a little bit before his hunts. He said it kept his head clear." "Yeah?" Luther asked around a mouthful of apple. His dad nodded as he took another bite, "He said it was all about balance. If he was hungry when he went out, he'd end up killing more than he had to. If he was full, he never really satisfied the need to hunt. He was always at his happiest somewhere in between." Luther nodded, absorbing the information. His dad had always been helpful when it came to Luther's condition, and he was grateful for it, but he couldn't help wishing his grandpa was still around to give him pointers, too. From what he understood, his grandpa was a good man and an upstanding member of society despite his illness. He hadn't deserved what happened to him. Luther's dad clapped him on the shoulder when he saw his son's clouding expression, "He'd be proud of you, you know." Luther shrugged, "Maybe. It just... it makes me nervous. Grandpa played by the rules. He did everything right. Still, he got... he got..." "Yes. He did. But that does not mean that it will happen to you. Hunting laws are a lot stricter in Washington and nobody knows what you are. Your grandpa was not as careful as he could have been." "Still..." "I could go with you," his father offered, taking another bite of apple, "if that would make you feel better." Luther felt his face go pale. The thought terrified him. If the wolf got aggressive even for a second... he didn't want to think about it. "No," he replied flatly. His father frowned, "Now, son, I've been around hunts before. Hell, I've had to stand up to your grandpa before and he was a full grown wily lycan. I would have no problem going with you." Luther shook his head, "No. Thanks, Dad. I'll be okay. I should probably go... It'll be dark soon." His dad nodded, albeit unhappily. He gave Luther's shoulder a squeeze before he returned to the woodpile. "See you in the morning, son." "See you." He swept through the back door, kissed his mom on the cheek, and was walking down the front walkway before she could finish saying goodbye. His skin felt too tight and his very bones felt wrong. It was already starting. He could feel that it would be a quick shift tonight, and that meant that he had to get out of sight quickly. What little light there was in the sky had started to fade. As much as his parents did to help him they could never fully understand what it was like. His mother didn't have a drop of lycan blood in her veins and the illness skipped generations on his father's side. Not even his six brothers had to deal with his condition; only one still lived in the same house as him. Full moon nights had always been the loneliest and most alienating. This one was no exception. He had hardly reached the fallen tree when he felt the familiar burning itch streak across his back. As quickly as he could, he stripped down to his underwear and checked to see that his essentials bag was still in place. He sighed in relief when he saw that it was, but that relief was short-lived. The shift was not going to wait any longer. With the ferocity that he had become familiar with but could never fully prepare for, the shift ripped through his body. Skin stretched, tendons popped, muscles reshaped, and bones cracked. Thousands of red hot needles forced their way through his follicles and the pain teased a snarl from his half-formed vocal cords. His already heightened senses exploded. Every scent and sound bombarded him as his ears and nose assumed their final positions. He was a quivering heap of pale fur when the shift finally shuddered to a halt. It took some time, as it always did, for his transformed muscles to stop trembling. When he was confident that he could stand he shook off the ruined tatters of his underwear. He took a few breaths and let the night fill his senses. Tonight this forest was his. Everything that he fought against for the rest of the month could come out to play. This was what freedom felt like. He threw himself into a run. He wasn't tracking anything, not yet. Luther allowed himself to feel his muscles work like water over stones. Soon he'd let go. He'd let the wolf take over and his human side would sleep until morning. He just had to check that it was safe first, for both himself and anyone else who might be nearby. A scent he couldn't place hit his nose and something ahead of him stirred. It was a huge shadow among shadows. It didn't smell like bear, though it was big enough to be. He gave a warning growl. The wolf inside forced his hackles to raise. It was railing against him for control. The shape growled in response, loud and intimidating. Luther stepped back, but the wolf stepped forward. It forced him to circle the mystery shape. This was the wolf's territory, at least for the night, and it wasn't going to give it up. Luther wanted to run, but the wolf locked his legs. The wolf never spoke in words. It preferred visions. Now it pushed darkness across Luther's thoughts and conjured the sound of slumbering breath. It was time for Luther to sleep and he was powerless to stop it from overwhelming him. His vision clouded into blackness and the world went quiet. AN: Reason dictates that I should not start another story while I'm working on Left 2Gether, but I saw the Twilight movie and had to write... something. I'm not really a fan of the series, but we'll see how this plays out.