myself through my high. Edward kept up his fast pace, chasing his own release using my body. After a few more thrusts, his breath hitched and he stilled completely for a second before he started shaking violently. "Fuck, Bella ..." He shivered and fell down upon me. We laid there for a few minutes trying to catch our breaths before I pushed back against him, urging him to move. He rolled to the side and wrapped his arms around me, hugging me tight. I tilted my head and kissed him, not ready to break the bond we'd just created. After a few minutes of post-orgasmic making out, I pulled back and looked straight into his beautiful green eyes. "That was intense, baby. Thank you!" ~NBJB~ Dear Bella, I love you. Please always remember I love you, no matter what. Just not the kind of love you want me to feel, that I want myself to feel. We've had an amazing time together. I've been happier than I've ever been during these months with you. And I thank you for them. There's no easy way to say this. I can't be together with you anymore. Please, I beg you, believe me when I say you did nothing wrong. We've had our little fights, who doesn't, but I know we've always been great as a couple. And maybe we still could be, but my heart wouldn't be in it, not like you deserve. This is goodbye, Bella. For now at least. If you let me, I'd love it if we could still be friends someday. I never meant to hurt you, and I'm sorry that I did. Love, Edward May It hurt. I ached. I couldn't breathe. Why? Just ... why? I felt empty. A shell. Broken. Not whole anymore. Abandoned. Alone. All hope shattered in a million pieces again. I took a look at the angry and swollen red lines on my hands, my thighs, my arms. I liked the pattern they formed on my skin, like a map. But this map's roads where leading to nowhere. Who knew your own fingernails where that sharp? They should warn you for that shit! I'd only wanted that creepy feeling to go away. To scratch away the pain, the desperation. To scratch away him . When the physical pain had taken over the emotional pain, I'd felt an unbelievable feeling of relief wash over me. And then I hadn't been able to stop before my hands, legs and arms had been covered in blood. I wasn't deliberately hurting myself. I just was. People worried, whispering behind my back. I didn't care. "Bella, honey, please. You've got to eat something." "Go away, Mom!" Throat hoarse from crying, from screaming. From whispering 'please, come back to me' over and over again, night after night after night. June Every night's a million years Since we're not together Time is crawlin', crawlin' Told myself I wouldn't call Should've know better Cause I'm fallin', I'm fallin' Catch my heart before it shatters And make me live again If you think baby after so long That I'm over you baby you're so wrong I want you back Every time I kiss, I still kiss you No matter who it is, I still miss you I want you back in my life I want you back in my life Why haven't you come back yet? Fuck, I miss you! ~NBJB~ Nine weeks had passed since I'd found Edward's letter. I'd cried, screamed, crawled, begged. I'd shut everything and everyone out. I'd never felt this empty before. There was a hole in my chest, a raging void. Like a black hole, it had sucked all I had ever been to its core, swallowing it. Making it disappear. ~NBJB~ "Bella? Hello? Bella?" My phone had been ringing and without thinking, I'd answered the call, too wrapped up in excruciating memories, too far gone to register what I was doing. Kate! "Kate ...?" I managed to whisper before going completely silent again. The only noise in my room that had been my refuge for the last two months was my ragged breathing, heavy with panic and disbelief. Why did I answer my phone? "Oh my God, Bella. How are you?" "I ... I can't ... I don't ..." I was trying, I really was. Kate sounded really worried. I hadn't seen her or Rosalie, or anyone for that matter, since then . Somewhere in the back of my now twisted mind, I knew I would have to leave this bubble of misery I'd created. The last bit of sanity left in me had been eating away at me for a few days now. I realized that somehow I would have to find the strength to get up again, to live again. "Bella, Rose and I are coming over," Kate said determinedly. "And I don't care how many times your mom says you're not up to it, we're not leaving this time." Shit! Alright ... This is it. Chapter one. The song is I Want You Back by Natalia. You can find the song + lyrics on Youtube. She's a Belgian singer. She ended second in what I believe was the first edition of Belgian Idols. This will probably be a 3 or 4 chapter story. The original idea was to donate the whole story to this wonderful cause. But this is based on a true story and as I was writing, a lot of memories came back and it was getting way too long to write it all down in a one-shot. So this is what I've come up with. There probably are some questions about how, when and where Bella found Edward's letter. This will be addressed in a later chapter. Thank you for reading. I'm apologizing to those who already wanted to see Jasper in this. I wanted him to be here too ... desperately. But it turned out different. Sorry! Be patient though, he won't stay away for too long.