it too? Had she felt some ever-widening chasm as he had? The wolf denied his request. The wolf's voice, calm and soothing as it repeated over and over; the words a rhythmic chant, wait, patience, soon . He had waited so long for her that despite his eagerness, he realized the wolf had never steered him wrong. He would wait because he knew what was to come. Hours passed, the sky darkening and the air grew chilly. He moved, backing away from her. His movements slow, even though there was no longer a need. Her fear of him had long disappeared. He growled softly, before nudging her with his nose. The trance she had been in was broken. Her dark eyes met his and she smiled softly. His eyes followed her as she stood and brushed her clothes off. Leah hesitated. She could see how dark the sky had become and feel the chill in the air, but she was loath to leave. She had never felt so safe or protected. Something about this magnificent creature made her feel cherished and loved. It seemed crazy – there was no way that he could feel that way about her – yet she was sure that he did. He nudged her again; his cold, wet nose brushed her arm. Shivering, she laughed when he made a sound like he was reprimanding her. "Okay, okay." Amusement tinged her words. "I get it. It's time for me to go before the big, bad, scary animals come out or I can't find my way back." He nodded and his mouth opened slightly to show his teeth. The expression wasn't scary and she thought, perhaps he was trying to give her a smile. Things were getting crazier by the minute if she thought a wolf could communicate with her. But then again, he hadn't hurt her and he had seemed just as content to lie on her lap. Then there were his eyes; nearly human-like as he gazed at her. As though he understand every word she spoke. She shook her head to dispel the thought. Her mouth opened and things she hadn't even thought of came out. The words tumbling out with a vengeance and left her no opportunity to pull them back. "What if I don't want to go back?" It was exactly what he had been thinking – only he didn't want her to leave. His heart begged him to snatch her up and bring him to his home. His brain protested, telling him to listen to the wolf. In the end, he compromised. He moved close to her again, his large body pressed against her. She closed her eyes and her hands threaded through his fur. He took the opportunity and his form shimmered, the transition of his body from wolf to man seamless and she was none the wiser. Her lungs filled with his scent and her body cleaved toward him. He was impossibly warm and large, surrounding and protecting her in a cocoon. His lips as soft as a butterfly's wings as they touched her ear and his voice rough, yet gentle as he whispered to her. " Quo pat ." The words so soft that she was sure she imagined them. The sound of rustling foliage and pounding paws startled her. When her eyes sprang open he was already gone, leaving her to wonder if she had imagined it all. The chill in the air grew colder, the shadows became longer, and the eerie sound of a wolf's howl filled the silence. Within moments, she turned and headed back the way she had come. This time she wasn't as careful as she plowed through the overgrowth. Small cuts and scrapes appeared on her arms as she made her way to safety. Her pace quickened further once she was back on the main path. Her heart thundered in her chest as she strode back to her car, back to civilization. The sun had nearly set over the horizon and the moon was only a small slit; not enough to light her way once the sun had disappeared. As she broke free of the forest, she began to run. No longer did she feel safe in the forest. The cover of darkness and the loss of him had turned it into a scary place. One that made her think of fairytales and the monsters she imagined lurked in her closet and under her bed. Their sharp teeth and claws waited to grab her and pull her into the darkness. Faster and faster, her feet pounded a steady staccato on the ground. Her heart doubled and tripled the rhythm of her feet. Her lungs rasped and her side began to burn from effort. The pain threatened to stop her in her tracks, but the glimmer of her car's windshield kept her going. When she reached her car, she fumbled for her keys. Her hands and fingers tingled; the keys slid to the ground, making a small tinkle as they hit the ground. She bent over and snatched them up and then thrust the key into the lock, unlocking and opening the door in nearly a single motion. She jumped into the driver's seat and started the car. Her head collapsed on the steering wheel in relief as the rumble of the engine reached her ears. As she sat there waiting to calm down, her mind replayed what she had experienced in the forest. It was then when her heart stopped trying to beat out of her chest that she realized what he had whispered in her ear. I love you . Suddenly, she was left with more questions than answers as she realized there had been a moment where her fingers had clutched hair, not fur , as soft as hers. That there had been skin and lips, which left a fiery brand on her; the ghostly remnants of them remained and she knew they wouldn't disappear anytime soon. FF_10467122_1 06/19/2014 10:31AM