be able to comprehend. " Charles! " A deep voice suddenly exclaimed from behind Demetri. And it was almost like he has been physically jolted by it, as he released my hand and all the people around him straightened to face the center of grand foyer, where a twin set of stairs connect the first floor to the ground floor. And from one of the staircase, a very tall man clothed in black from head to toe descended while he tapped his fingers along the mahogany banister. He had dark lush shoulder length hair; even from this distance it looked too soft to be real, skin as pale as a pearl, elegant cheekbones, proud sharp nose, and a defined edged jaw. His austere lips beamed in delight at my father. Every detail about him screamed of high nobility. But most of all his striking handsome face nearly took my breath away. And I tried to control my pulse and my breathing as they increased instantly. However my reaction to his dramatic appearance and the way he carried himself, almost like he was waltzing on his feet so gracefully, was rather nostalgic in some way. Like I have felt this experience in a sense of a Déjà vu, but I knew I had never met this man and I was never caught in such a scenario before. But this familiar yet strange feeling kept prickling the back of my mind, like it was pleading for me to recall a certain memory. While I was too busy getting lost in my own head, this striking man approached Charlie and the people surrounding us made way from him almost like it would have been an insult to disturb his personal space. He stopped in front of my dad and they shook hands. I took note to how he was also wearing leathered gloves and it was strange as the inside of this manor felt warmer than the chilling outdoors. I looked around at the other male members present and they all seemed to be absent a set of gloves aside from this Demetri fellow and this mystifying, tall, dark … noblemen? I'm still trying to grasp the concept of how my own father came across such a person like him. "My friend, how are you? It's been so long. And look at you – you barely aged!" "Don't flatter an old man when you look like you have been bathing in the fountain of youth. You look exactly as I remember you, or maybe this old tired brain doesn't recall things like they used to." "Oh Charles , I see your sense of sarcasm hasn't changed." The man smiled at my father fondly. "Why would I change one of my best qualities? It captures hearts left and right." "Oh stop it! " The dark haired man sniggered before he looked to me. "And who is this lovely young lady? Charles, introduce, introduce!" he nudged my dad's shoulder. "Of course, where are my manners?" Charlie – in paternal adoration that he hardly expressed – wrapped an arm around my shoulder and brought me to his side. "This is my pride and joy, my wonderful daughter Isabella." I don't think I have ever seen Charlie ever play the role of a gushing parent but it was sort of embarrassing and I couldn't stop blushing. The man looked at me with sharp scrutiny before he replaced the hard press on his mouth with a subtle smile. He moved closer and raised his open palm towards me. "A pleasure to make your honored acquaintance, Isabella . My name is Aro, and I am most delighted to welcome you in my home." He spoke with a velvety voice that almost made my knees tremble. And unlike the other people who have heavy European accents, this man lacked an articulation to his origin. Which made his tone inundate with raw deep saturation of masculine potency. When I didn't take his hand, which hovered awkwardly between us, Charlie gave me an obvious nudge that might as well have been expressed with a clear shout in my ear to take the man's hand and greet him respectfully. And so I did. Aro's eyes looked directly into mine and held my gaze in a hypnotic stare, and for a single moment all thoughts evaporated from my mentality, because I actually took this moment to really gaze into his eyes. And the slight nagging in my head turned into a throbbing attack on my brain, begging even pleading for me to remember that which I couldn't recall. For you see, Aro had the blackest of eyes I had ever seen. A darkness in his iris that seemed impossible to be possessed by any person, to the point that I didn't know where the pupils began and where the irises ended. And even in this close proximity to him, with this man being much taller than me, I still couldn't fathom the deep ebony of his stare. However … they rang clear with a certain familiarity. And when I put the dark eyes together with the impossibly pale skin, and the unnatural beauty of his features, my stomach curled with the horror of the realization of what I just discovered. Because my mind suddenly connected the dots together, and what my memories refused to recall before, suddenly flashed in a series of images and thoughts that caused the blood to completely drain from my face. And I came to one single conclusion … Whoever this person is, he was exactly like Edward Cullen. Author's note: So I'm putting this idea out there for your thoughts. Since I already have other more important stories to update I'm just going to have this prologue posted for the moment. If you like to see this updated and continued later in the future please support it by liking/following/and reviewing. And do not worry; I'm working on new chapters for my other stories but it's taking longer than expected.