my chest, chuckling. We stay in that position, him damn near crushing me with his body weight, for longer than I can pretend to breath normally. I wiggle, trying to get comfortable underneath him. When he lifts his head up to look at me, I see the regret in his eyes, immediately. Damn. "Bella, listen—" "No," I interject, letting my voice stay calm. "Please don't." "You have to forgive me." He falls over my side. "For leaving, you have to forgive me." "No, I don't. And you don't either. As I said, you don't have to forgive me for the things I've done or things you thought I did. You don't." "Then how do we get passed this?" "Easy. We let each other go." "I can't do that." I scoff and sit up to search for my shirt. "You don't have a choice." "I don't think you know what you mean to me—still mean to me." "It doesn't matter." I snap the sheets back. "Don't you get it? There is no way this can work, and I'm not that naïve girl you can spout fairytales to anymore. You left once. If the shit hits the fan, what's to say you won't do it again? Sorry, but I can and I won't go through that again. Not even for you." "Ouch." His reaction sobers me. I'm not trying to hurt him. It's the last thing I want to do. But I don't want to hurt anymore either. "Stop." He pulls on my arms. Where the fuck is my shirt? "Bella, stop." He gathers me into his arms. He must know I'm fighting with everything I am to keep it together right now. "Talk to me. What do we do now? What does this mean?" Nothing and everything. "I tried so hard to forget you," I whisper. "To get over you. Now... you let me. You owe me that much. You owe me closure." "But what about me? I'm not after closure. What if I'm after a second chance?" I let his words sink in for a moment. There is something about them that's so right, but the way he's wording it, I realize, is off. "Maybe this was our second chance. Our chance to say goodbye the right way. No questions, no confusion. Just two people who love each other but realize it can never work. Maybe this was our second chance at closure." "There goes that word again." He shakes his head. "I guess I should go. But I will see you around, Bella. I will." I know what that means. It's not an empty threat. Whether I like it or not, he's not done with this situation. "See you soon," he says, before slinking out the door. I count, exactly thirty seconds until I fall to floor in a pool of my own tears. Later that night, Alice walks into my room looking exactly like how I feel. Like shit. Her face is the reddest I've ever seen and her eyes so puffy and drawn into slits that if I didn't know any better I'd think she was high. "What do we do now?" I sit up, getting serious. She doesn't have to tell me. She texted me to tell me where she was and by the look on her face I know her talk with Jasper didn't go well. "We try and make it through next semester without losing it, I guess," she answers. "Damn, has it really only been one semester?" I feel like we've lived nine lives since the school year started. "In theory." I get what she means. All the drama has accumulated and blown up in our faces in the past four months, but in reality, our lives and hearts have been dealing with it for much longer. "We should—I don't know, maybe make some rules for ourselves. I won't be able to make it through another semester like this one." "Rules?" She tilts her head to the side. "Like what?" "Like maybe I don't talk to Edward anymore." "Professor Masen." She nudges me. I nod. Yeah. "Professor Masen." Though it sounds bitter on my tongue, it's another necessary change in its own right. To draw a line. "What about you?" "Well, me and Mr. Whitlock decided not to speak to each other anymore." "Jasper." I nudge her reciprocating. "Calling him Mr. Whitlock might be a little weird since you've never called him that before. Don't draw attention to it. Just … Be." "True." "Rule 2. Let's have fun." My face crinkles in confusion. "Come again?" Too much fun is what got us in the position we are now. "Distract ourselves. Go out. Be free. And we close our legs when it comes to those damn men." We both fall over, dissolving into giggles that border on hysteria. We're fucked and we know it. Next semester is going to be hell for the both of us. We can't help how we feel—deny the fact that our hearts belong to these unavailable men. We're talking a big game now and supporting each other. But our hearts want them and this is a battle that's just beginning; one we're bound to lose. Our forbidden loves; unattainable soul mates. Her with a man almost twice her age. And me—the love of my life—the beautiful man behind the desk. Hi Lovelies! Happy Valentine's Day! I couldn't wait to share this with ya'll. This was my entry for the May to December Romance Contest. I want to thank Sally and Fran for their polishing skills and added to that Fran for her encouragement. I don't think I would have had the guts to complete this without her. I also have to send thanks to Nic and Carrie for being fabulous hosts with this contest. I've been writing fic for three years now and this was the first contest I've entered. Kisses! Shout out to all the participants and readers! And thank YOU guys for reading. Until Next Time, ~Lo