telling her tall tales. It had taken many visits before she even began to believe him. And then it was only because she could feel the changes he had told her about happening. At first she was afraid, and then she was angry. She held the rage close to her heart. It intensified as Old Quil explained what she must do. He told her she would get a choice , but to her it could hardly be called that. She cursed the spirits; internally screaming obscenities that even made her blush. She had been rejected once, and there was no way she was going to have it happen again. It took Old Quil telling her the truth about Sam and Emily before she accepted what he was asking of her. " Most of them will have no choice. Those that do will falter. They will live in fear of an imprint that may never happen. But you – you will have the opportunity to select your mate. You can pick the one who will suit you best. Who will complement your strengths and bolster your weaknesses." " But I barely know any of them. Jake, Quil, and Embry are nothing more than my brother's annoying friends. Maybe I've talked to Jared and Paul twice. Sam…" " You don't need to talk to them to know who they are. You must listen and observe. You will learn everything you need to know. I have faith you will make a wise decision." "Leah…" She blinked rapidly, clearing the vestiges of memories away before answering, "Old Quil told me. It didn't have to happen after my first phase, but if I prolonged it, things would only get worse. All of you would want to claim me for your own. It would be better he said if I made my choice before. We went over different scenarios in case I wasn't able to phase as I had planned. We looked at maps of the area to gauge the best path I should take. Nothing was left to chance." At her pause, he said nothing. His heart hammered in his chest; each beat growing louder as he held his breath in anticipation. He could feel the permanence of their newfound relationship. The mark she had left on his chest burned and throbbed. It wasn't a painful sensation; more annoying than anything else. "It took a while before I stopped resisting. I knew I couldn't get close to any of you; there was a chance one of you'd recognize the changes." He nodded, agreeing with her. He had always noticed her. There had been more than a few times that he had sensed her before his eyes found her. He could pick her voice out of a crowd. And before he had wolfed-out, he found his heart aching in sympathy for her. In turn, he hated Sam though he didn't even know him then. After his phase, he had quickly learned to hide his feelings for her. It was easy to bury them beneath his guilt for all the lies he told to keep his mom safe and in the dark. Nervously, she reached up and twisted a lock of hair around her fingers. She didn't know why she was so worried. Her reasons had been altruistic. Not that she was expecting a medal or sainthood for them. "As I weighed the options in my mind, the flaws of the others stood out. You were the only one whose flaws didn't seem to be a hindrance," she remarked quietly. A blush stained her cheeks as she realized she was saying everything wrong. "What I mean is…well… crap this is harder than I thought it'd be." "Flaws?" he croaked. She chewed on her lower lip and refused to meet his eyes. Her voice was only a hoarse whisper, "Your lack of a…" She couldn't finish the sentence. It wasn't his fault, so how could it be a fault. "A father? That's what it came down to?!" He pulled away from her slightly. Distress was clearly written on his features and could be seen in his body language. She reached for him; her hands shaking and numb. "Wait! That's not what I meant. I shouldn't have said it that way. It came out wrong. Compared to the others, there's nothing about you that isn't exactly what I need and want. You're kind, loyal, and thoughtful. You're a better person than I can ever hope to be. I'm nothing." Her face twisted into a scowl. "It doesn't matter that I'm supposed to be special . Deep down, we all know that I'm a freak. My ex left me for my cousin – supernatural bullshit aside – it's still fucked up. I wanted you to know that you belonged. Not because of your unknown paternity and this stupid wolf business…but because I loved you – wanted you – needed you." As she spoke, he watched the changing emotions on her face. Her scowl slowly disappeared and was replaced with shame, her face becoming apologetic. He thought back to everything that had happened in the past 8 hours. Suddenly it didn't matter how she had come to her decision; it was enough that she had picked him. Her final words lingered in the air. He had been afraid of imprinting. Being tied to some unknown girl for the rest of his life and having to share the disgrace of his paternity. With Leah, he wouldn't have to. She didn't care that he didn't know his father or that he cared his mother's name. "I think I can live with your choice," he said with a small grin. "But you need to be taught a lesson." "For what?" "Leading me on a merry chase." His expression turned serious as he raised a brow at her. Quicker than he anticipated, she was off his bed and darting out the open window. He stifled a chuckle as she declared, "You'll have catch me first."