Four. I was a size eight. I dropped the underwear on the bed as I ran towards the bathroom and vomited int he toilet. I didn't know what to do. I began to cry and scream as I began to dry heave. I don't know how long I sat there but I cried my heart out. I felt like such a fool. So dumb that I believed his lies and that he was screwing another girl right under my nose. I trusted him too much. After some time I finally picked myself up form the floor and mindlessly walked to the kitchen. I needed a drink. I was numb and needed to feel something. I reached for his wine cabinet and saw various bottles and wine glasses. I grabbed one without looking at the label and opened it and poured myself a glass. I guzzled down a whole glass of red wine and poured myself another one. I slowly looked around his place and felt anger arise within me. The bastard has the audacity to sleep with another girl right behind my back. After three years I thought he was faithful. I held the wine glass in my hand as I slowly toured his apartment for a few minutes. Every room brought a memory to my mind. And with every memory I took a gulp of wine. Every thought made my heart ache and angrier. Without realizing ti I stopped in the living room again and stood in between his couch and glass table. I stared at the room and couldn't resist. I threw the wine glass on the couch, staining the beautiful couch with red wine and throwing the cup on the floor chattering it to pieces. I felt so free. I walked back into the kitchen and grabbed the wine bottle and taking another gulp while walking to his bedroom. I placed the bottle on the nightstand as I walked to his closet and grabbed anything I could. Shirts, ties, pants, shoes. I had whatever I found. I balanced the clothes in my arms as I walked to the bathroom and threw it all in the bathtub. I turned on both water knobs and returned to the bedroom. I took another swig and went to the bathroom. As the tub filled with water I poured the remaining wine into the tub. I watched the wine mix with the clothes and water until the tub got full and turned off the water. I returned to the kitchen and opened up all the cabinets. I grabbed random dishes and threw them blindly behind me. I heard some hit the floor directly and some hit the walls but I didn't care. I grabbed two more wine bottles from the cabinet and left the kitchen. I stood in the living room and looked around yet again. His 72 inch laid against eh wall while his music collection rested below it on an entertainment stand. I quietly walked to the collection as I softly rubbed my hand over the CD cases causing each one to fall one by one to the ground. I looked back at the table and felt more anger arise as I took one wine bottle in my hand and used all the force in my body to break the glass table with it. Glass flew everywhere as wine sprayed the couches, walls, CD's, and TV. I sighed loudly as I bent down and gently picked up pieces of glass with my free hand that wasn't holding the other wine bottle. Once I felt I had enough I stood up and walked towards the bedroom for the last time. I carefully made a big heart shape with the pieces of glass and placed the green panties in the middle of it. I then opened up the wine glass and spelled out that slut's name in big letters. T.A.N.Y.A? I took one last sip from the bottle as I dropped it on the ground. I stared at the bed feeling tears enter my eyes. I let them fall. He had broke me. No destroyed me. SO why not do the same? After a minute I dried my tears and walked away. I grabbed my coat and scarf on as I grabbed the last bottle of wine from his cabinet. I might as well have a souvenir. I reached into my pocket and grabbed my keys. I roughly detached his apartment key from mine and threw it on the kitchen counter. I took one last look at my masterpiece as I locked the door behind me and walked away from that place. As soon as I got home I felt the wine already kicking my butt. I looked at the clock to see it was 4:30. "Wow." I said to no one in particular as I threw off my shoes and sat on the couch already drinking from the wine. I went to grab my phone and turned it on. Please come quickly once your free. I have to tell you about my day. And please bring Chinese food. I'm drunk. I texted Alice and slumped on the couch. Again as my butt hit the couch my hone went off. I looked to see his name across the screen. Edward I growled as I turned off my phone and took another swig from my bottle. I know what I did was immature and childish but I don't care. I wanted to cry and vomit again and again til I couldn't feel anything anymore. He lied and betrayed me. I know practically destroying his place will not make me feel better in the long run but for now it was a damn good medicine. "You bastard," I said aloud, "Hope you enjoy your dinner." I tear escaped my eye as I took another sip. Okay I know this was different from what I usually write but I always wanted to write something like this and I really hoped you guys enjoyed it. REVIEW!