wanted to admit. I hadn't been a brunette since college - not a full brunette anyway. My hair had been blonde, pink, and purple, but mostly it had been red. Changing Bella's hair from brown with a hint of auburn to full blazing copper felt like reclaiming a part of myself. My eyes were the wrong shade, I was seven inches shorter (exactly, according to my license), and my nose and brow and whole body were different (okay, I didn't hate that part), but I was a redhead again. "Huh. Okay," Charlie said. "Well, it's your hair. Get some sleep, Bella." "I will. Goodnight," I told him, heading off to my room. Shutting the door, I switched on the computer, restraining a groan as it took approximately forever to boot up. Based on experience with my own dad, I guessed I had an hour or so until Charlie was done with his nightly ablutions, as I'd decided to call them, and I was earnestly hoping startup wouldn't eat up too much of that time. But this was a secondhand computer, clearly a few years old, and it was connected to an actual phone line. I was officially living in the Stone Age. "Come on, come on...yes! Oh, God, Windows XP, thank heavens," I muttered, bringing up Internet Explorer and making a face. I didn't think Google Chrome was out yet. I made a mental note to get Firefox as soon as possible. Bella Swan helpfully kept a list of her own passwords in the front of her journal, so I was able to log into her e-mail and send off a quick reply to her mother's two needlessly worried messages, letting Renée know I'd landed safely, but it was late and I had school in the morning, so I'd have to tell her more soon. Then I went to LiveJournal. Bella Swan didn't have one. I quickly corrected that. I'd spent much of my time on the flight from Seattle to Port Angeles recalling what I could about the secrets of Stephenie Meyer's vampires. I couldn't remember everything. But I could remember enough. The physical characteristics of vampyrus sanguisuga meyerii , if you will. The resilience. The speed. The strength. The venom. The difficult but feasible methods of killing them. The sparkles, oh, God, the sparkles. More importantly, I remembered the Volturi. I knew their base was in Volterra, Italy. I knew they had been behind the disappearances of tourists at various festivals for countless years. I knew the names Aro and Marcus, Sulpicia and Athenodora, even if I couldn't remember all the others. Everything I could throw on LiveJournal would probably look like crackpot ranting or bad vampire fiction. Maybe some teenage girl's half-baked online RP setting. But vampires in this universe survived by keeping up with the times. I had faith that the Volturi would Google themselves at some point. They'd find this post. They'd find me. And they'd descend on Forks like the wrath of God. It would be impossible to miss. Having resolved to write all this, I started a new post and typed out my first paragraph. My name is Isabella Marie Swan. I live at 775 South 6th Street, Forks, Washington. I am posting this online because, on the night of January 17th, 2005, at 10:17 pm, Alice Cullen did NOT come alone through my bedroom window on the second floor of the east side of the house for a vitally important conversation concerning her brother Edward. My back was to the bedroom window, and I smiled as I suddenly felt a breeze blowing across the back of my neck. I'd deliberately closed the window, hoping this would give me some sign of Alice's arrival, and I couldn't help feeling a small burst of triumph that it had worked. Still, I wasn't out of the woods: I'd liked Alice in the books and the movies, but she could be ruthless, I knew. I would need to handle this carefully, assure her that I meant her no harm. An apology would be a good place to start. "I'm sorry," I said, honestly, keeping my voice pitched low. "I had to get your attention. I had to be ready to post that. I didn't want to, but it was the only way. My name is not really Bella Swan, that's just what it says on my passport, and I will explain, but we need to talk about your brother. You may have noticed that the future has changed. At least, I'm betting it has. And Edward might not like the new Bella Swan as much as he was going to like the old one - ugh, I have no idea how to phrase any of this. Stuff that's going to happen, stuff that was going to happen, how do you handle it? Hey, can I turn around now? You're not going to kill me? Right? Please?" I paused, frowning. Alice really should have said something to me by now. Maybe she'd just left when the danger was past? Or when she'd seen everything I'd decided to tell her? I swiveled in my chair, abruptly stopping when I saw her. She was impossibly beautiful. Even hotter than Ashley Greene. Not even five feet tall and every crush I'd ever had rolled into one perfect girl. Painfully slender and incredibly graceful, her face framed by short black hair, artfully mussed. Her chin was gently pointed, her nose small and upturned, the corners of her lips slightly canted upward, leaving her with the ghost of a natural, mischievous smile. Her eyes were huge, gleaming gold, and it took me a moment to realize they weren't just naturally that wide. She was staring at me. Entranced, awed. Like all the jagged pieces of the universe had finally come together and snapped into crystal clarity. Her voice was a soft, tinkling chime. "Cassandra." My gut twisted, and I shut my eyes tight, pinching the bridge of my nose. "...oh, fuck. "