to give Carlisle a lopsided grin before she kissed him fully on the lips. Closing his eyes, Carlisle reciprocated her kiss while stroking his fingers over her naked back as they basked in each other's companionship in his public office, in broad daylight. With anyone being able to walk by and simply press their ear on his office door to know what sort of naughty provocations Dr. Carlisle Cullen was up to. And quite frankly, putting it in Emmett's own words: Carlisle Cullen could barely give a fuck to care what anyone thought except for the girl that lay naked in his arms. For a while the two lovers lay there, wrapped up in each other's arms. And with Bella nuzzling Carlisle's neck, she would plant a kiss on the side of his neck, while he enjoyed running his hand through her hair. None of them spoke, and for just that short time the silence was very serene. But the more Carlisle remained quiet, the more that prolonged silence made his thoughts fester. And a certain question was right there on the tip of his tongue. Yet he wanted to curse himself for ruining this perfect moment. But the curiosity of the matter was killing him. "Why did you come here today, Bella?" Carlisle asked. Bella hummed against his neck as she answered dreamily. "It's not important. Why do you ask?" Even with her effortless tone, Carlisle still couldn't shake the sudden unease he felt. "I was under the impression you were here for a reason." "What other reason do I have?" She snuggled closer seemingly unaware of the troubled man beside her. He stared at the ceiling for a while before he spoke carefully. "I assumed you came here to see someone other than me." And that's when Bella froze. She disentangled herself from the gorgeous half naked man beside her to stare into his eyes. "Huh?" Her eyes creased in sincere confusion. Carlisle made a valiant effort to keep constant eye contact and not let his eyes wander so distractedly at her nude body. All it took was one look down to her bare breasts and he would erect another issue between them. Instead, Carlisle's stared at the girl with his own confusion. "So you weren't coming here to see Doctor Marshall?" "No." Bella frowned, shaking her head. "But I saw you talking to him in the hallway … and before that … outside the hospital." Bella placed her hand on his chest, and immediately Carlisle swallowed his words before she spoke. "I never came to see him. I just happen to run into him on my way to see you ! But when he tells me your busy I just give up and go home." "You could have told me." Carlisle objected. Bella's eyes suddenly softened. "I didn't want to be a bother to you, Carlisle." She shrugged and bowed her head away from him. But he was having none of it as he grasped her chin between his fingers and brought her face gently to his view. "Then why did you start calling him by his given name?" Her brown eyes widened. "Eliot told me to. I … I accidentally called you Carlisle instead of Dr. Cullen in front of him, so then he insisted I call him by his own name too." Carlisle still didn't understand and it frustrated him. "But why ?" he asked, and his distant gaze directed the question more to the air around them. Luckily he didn't have to torture himself on the answer for long. "He said I reminded him a lot of his little sister. She is almost my age and she goes to our school." Carlisle looked to Bella and frowned. "Eliot has a sister?" he asked and he didn't take notice that he called his own colleague by his given name too. But Bella noticed and she giggled and shook her head. "For someone who claims to be their mentor, you don't know much about your own subordinate." She tapped his nose gently with her finger. Carlisle sighed loudly and dropped the heavy tension from his shoulders. He read too much into something that wasn't there, and took the matter completely out of proportion. But on the other hand it opened his eyes to emotions and feelings he never knew existed, like love and regrettably jealousy too. But it wasn't at all for loss. On the contrary, with the beautiful naked girl currently beside him – Carlisle could say he pretty much came out a winner. So he gently pulled her back to lie down in his arms. And Bella went back to nuzzling his neck affectionately like she has been doing it all their lives. But Carlisle had to be extra sure, "So you don't have any feelings for my colleague?" he asked cautiously. And were he to blush, Carlisle was sure his cheeks would turn a peach pink. He expected Bella to be a little annoyed at his doubting words, but opposing his expectation she grinned instead. "Why did you think I came all the way to the one place I disliked the most?" Carlisle just stared at her. For once he didn't have an answer, and just shrugged his shoulders to his cluelessness. "I like it when you fret over me and the extra care you give. I like it when you fix my jacket and rub my shoulders and kiss my head so tenderly." She pressed her hot cheek to his cold shoulder and stared at Carlisle through her lashes. "Its my addiction." She confessed in a whisper. Carlisle cupped her cheek, and gazed lovingly at her. "Next time you get that addictive need, you come directly to me. Only me and no one else." "Yes, Dr. Cullen." Bella replied before the delicious man-doctor-hunk pulled her in for a kiss. And since then Carlisle didn't spend much of his nights at the hospital, not when he could spend them in Bella's bed. End