armchair opposite to me. I let my gaze falter from the window to him and his crouched posture, when he has his brawny arms on his knees and hands intertwined with each other. "How was it?" I choose to ask, raising my brows at him delicately. He looks up at me a bit embarrassed. "It was good. Really good", he tells me and lets out a laugh and big grin. You can see him going through last night in his mind. I smirk at him. I know my Edward's good. Even if he's unconscious. "You did wear a condom did you?" I checked. He looked slightly taken aback. He didn't?! "Yeah. Of course", he says then, but too late. "You fucking didn't! I told you to wear one! You promised that you would!" I shouted then and stood up enraged again. Even more so now. Jacob looked helpless under my judgement. He stuttered out: "Well... no. Bu-but I'm tested. He's the first one after being tested. I'm healthy and pure. And it's not like he could get pregnant or anything!" "It doesn't matter. I just don't want you in my Edward! Just being there. That was the one of the conditions we had about this. That you wouldn't come inside him", I remind him and shake in anger. I glare at him and my voice drips venom. "It's just so much better without one. I'm sorry though, Bella. I'll promise, the next time I'll wear one. I promise. I can ensure that", he says almost pleadingly. "You can't have him anymore. He's mine. I was so stupid that I even let you touch him", I tell him. I regret letting Jacob have Edward for even one night now. Jacob could be horny as hell, I wouldn't care. He can't have my Edward ever again. Then suddenly a broken voice abrupts our conversation. "W-what?" I turn my head with Jacob to the living room door. Edward's there. Standing and shivering from the coldness. He has tiny bits of snow on his clothes and his always messy hair is even a bigger mass of messy bronze hair, caused by the wind. How long had he been there? From the terrified expression on his face, it seems that long enough to know where the bruises on his porcelain skin have come from. "Edward", my voice is now much more quieter and lower than before. I'm trying to get him to stay there, so I can come closer and snatch him in my arms, before he can flee from me again. I walk slowly closer to him. But his wide and scared eyes already tell me before he does it. He swings around, his back to us and runs quickly through the door. I run right after him. "Edward, please! Stop and listen to what I have to tell you", I scream. He's out the front-door and running down the slightly raked yard. I push myself to the edge when I finally reach his top speed in which he could run forever, but me, only a few seconds. And that's how much I need to get my arms wrapped around him and stop him. Even if it means that we have to fall down to the ground. So I pin him down from his arms and legs. I try to catch my breath at the same time. He struggles frightened under me, but cannot wiggle free from my steel grips. "Edward, I'm sorry. I won't let him do that to you anymore. I was wrong. It was wrong. I'm sorry. Can we just forget this and go back home?" It's not really a question though. We'll go back anyway. It doesn't matter if he doesn't want it, because I do. He'll come with me. "No. No! No! I don't want to. What you did was horrifying and disgusting. You can't sell or give me to your friends. I'm not a hooker. I have my own will. I'm not yours either", he yells and looks scared as hell. That's good. It'll show him who's the boss in here. Me. "Of course you're not. I'm sorry if I ever made it look like that", I tell him, even if I don't really mean it. But if I grant with what he says, maybe we can go home faster. It's so cold out here. It's probably much colder than just 14 degrees. "Let's go home, dear. We're going to turn into icicles out here", I persuade him. He's ragged breathing starts to even out. He looks at me a little calmer too. I got him under my spell already. I get up from the ground and bringing him up as well. "I want to be on my own for a while", he says quietly then. "Let's go inside still. It's not good to go out there wearing only that", I tell him. He looks little suspicious, but follows me when I drag him by his hand towards the house. And when we're inside and I lock the door and Jacob's there to take Edward's jacket off, even though Edward shrinks away from him, I know he'll never be leaving me. He's with me. I hope you enjoyed that. I was inspired by 'Fragility' by 721, if he/she happens to be the original writer for it. I kind of took a few parts from it to this story, like the glass of milk scene, I wouldn't have done it unless it hadn't fitted so nicely in. The scene is just so haunting and in a way, beautiful to some extent on the weirdness level. But I changed the parts I "copied" a lot, so it's not like this is completely a spin-off or anything like that. I just wanted to make a story where Bella would be the possessive and dominant one, other than Edward. Because I never see him like that. Anyhow, I put a lot of work into this and I hope you liked it. lockerdreams