the others and decided to come back early, Edward won't stop worrying about you so I told him I'd make sure you were okay." He said cheerfully, not knowing that I wasn't okay, but they were bound to find out soon. Jasper touched my face and turned it in his direction, and looked at my cheek in horror. "Bella," Jasper said my name with such horror, "Can you tell us what happened?" Before I could speak Carlisle directed us towards the living room. I got up from the bar stool and followed Carlisle, Jasper, Alice and Emmett into the other room keeping my head down. I sat down on one of the sofas and Carlisle sat beside me with Emmett and Jasper sitting on the sofa opposite; Alice sat on the arm chair to my left. "Bella?" Carlisle asked hesitantly, "What happened Sweetheart?" For a moment I was stunned at the amount of love and compassion in his voice, and I realised that Carlisle is more of a father to me than Charlie ever was. Carlisle POV I decided to try a different approach. "Bella?" I said and she looked at me hesitantly. "You don't have to go home tonight if you don't want to, you can stay here. Or one of us can drive you home later on after the others arrive home?" Bella shook her head and she said "I don't want to go home tonight, please don't make me go home." She begged. It was then I realised, this was caused by Charlie, and I looked at the boys and I could tell that they had come to that conclusion as well. "Bella, did Charlie do this to you?" I asked her and she nodded. "Can you tell me what happened Sweetheart?" "After Alice and Jasper dropped me home earlier, I wanted to talk to Charlie. After he answered the door, he looked at my hand and asked 'what I had done this time' before laughing at my reason. Then when I became angry I grabbed my keys and stormed out of the door to come here, like I told Alice and Jasper I would, Charlie grabbed my wrist as I was leaving and he demanded to know where I was going. When I told him I was coming here he told me that I was not allowed to come here and I told him that I am 18 and he cannot stop me. I think he kinda lost it and he struck me across the face." She admitted. Both myself and the boys were completely shocked at this, we had not been expecting that. Alice looked at Bella, sympathy pouring out of her in waves, as she already knew what happened. Alice didn't want to tell us what happened, much to Emmett's chagrin, because she thought Bella should be the one to tell us. "Bella? How did you break your hand Sweetheart?" I asked. I also feared that Charlie had caused this as well. She only mumbled her answer, "I punched Jacob because he kissed me." I was not sure what to make of that response, but I needed to be sure of something. "Bella did you want him to kiss you?" I asked quietly. "No, I couldn't push him away, he was too strong for me to push away, I wanted him to stop but he wouldn't listen to me. He kept on telling me that he was the right one for me and that he deserved better." She reluctantly replied. "Oh Sweetheart." I pulled her to my chest and wrapped my arms around her, and she wrapped her arms around me. "Carlisle!" Alice suddenly said. "Yes, Sweetheart?" I asked, tearing my eyes from Bella. "They're coming here! Charlie is determined to get Bella and take her home, if Charlie had his way in this he would ban Bella from coming here and seeing any of us ever again!" She said, obviously angry. "Then it's a great thing that Charlies say doesn't matter in this situation." Emmett said through gritted teeth. Bella looked towards me, fear flaring in her eyes. "Sweetheart, you'll be okay." I said, hugging her comfortingly. … Fifteen minutes later Emmett and Jasper, who had previously sat silently talking with Bella and Alice, leapt up and started growling. Alice stood up and took a seat next to Bella, taking the hand that wasn't in mine in hers and smiling at Bella reassuringly. I could smell the scent too, the scents of a human and a wolf approaching the house. Jasper approached the window, looking towards the front porch before growling again, Emmett joined him to see who the problem before turning and bounding towards the front door at a human pace. "Jasper, is it just them?" I asked, Bella still in my arms. I knew who it damn was already, the nerve they must have so show up at our house. "Yeah, Jacob and Charlie." Jasper replied. I sighed and gently pushed Bella upright so that she could see my face. I turned to Jasper then, "Jasper get Emmett and bring him back here, we are doing this my way." Jasper nodded before running after Emmett and pulling him back upstairs. Once both boys were sitting on the sofa again I looked back to Bella. "Sweetheart, do you want to go upstairs with Emmett and Jasper? I will fix your hand when they are gone, Alice can you stay down here?" She nodded and stood up, the boys following as Emmett put his arms around Bella's and Jasper's shoulders as they walked up the stairs. Alice and I stood up and now we had to focus on the men downstairs who were constantly banging on my door. " Stop banging my door, I'm coming! "I muttered and heard a chuckle from Emmett upstairs. I approached the door slowly and pulled it open to see the man who hit my daughter and the boy that assaulted my daughter. "Charlie, Jacob." I greeted them.