off his feet. She could see the outline of his hard cock through his boxer briefs, and she traced it with a too light touch. He leaned into her hand, wanting more. When her hand dipped under the waistband and touched the tip of his weeping cock, he hissed louder, this time slumping against her. Her touch, everything she did, was driving him mad. "Your turn," he panted. He slowly removed her jeans, helping her step out of them, his hands gently rubbing higher and higher up her legs. She had to put her hands on his shoulders, fearing her trembling legs would not hold her up. When his hands reached her upper thighs, she thought she may burst into flames from the heat and burning need she had for him. Everywhere he touched her left her burning, tingling, wanting. He could feel her heat, smell her, it was intoxicating. He wanted nothing more than to bury himself in her, claim her. When his hands got close to her center, she let out a needy whimper that went straight to his cock. He rubbed himself through his briefs trying to relieve some of the pressure. "Oh, god. That is so hot," she moaned watching his hand move on himself. "You make me so hard, it's painful," he said unapologetically. "We can't have that," she said, coaxing to him lie down on the bed. She straddled him, her wet, cloth-covered center hovering right over his. With her hands on either side of his head, they kissed. His hands roamed her body, tweaking her nipples, and when he slipped a finger inside her panties, her hips rotated, seeking friction. Pulling her panties to the side, he worked her slowly, with barely there touches. "You're killing me," she mewed, trying to ride his hand. "Be patient," he teased, applying a little more pressure. She was worked up, tittering on the edge of ecstasy. When he finally slipped two fingers inside her and pumped, his thumb hitting her clit rhythmically, she shattered instantly, eyes closed, head thrown back, his name and some nonsensical words falling from her lips. He once again had to rub his aching cock, fighting the urge to come along with her, the sight of her orgasming at his hands almost too much to bear. When she opened her eyes and saw him touching himself again, her eyes darkened with lust and want. She put her hand on top of his and rubbed along with him. "You're so big and hard," she said with awe. He smiled. All he had wanted for months was for Bella to see him, to look at him, like she was right now...with want, desire. "I want you inside me," she said, helping him remove his briefs. He wanted nothing more than to do exactly that. Sheathed in a condom, he hovered above her, taking a moment to really appreciate having her. Her brown hair fanned on the white pillow, her brown eyes, hooded, her fair skin, lightly dotted with freckles in the sunkissed areas. She was amazing, naturally beautiful. He shook his head in wonder. "What?" she asked, caressing the side of his face. He leaned into her touch, closing his eyes. "I'm just...this is so surreal. You are unreal," he confessed, rubbing the tip of his cock through her wetness. When he pushed inside her, they both let out a moaning breath. He stilled deep inside her, both to regain control but also to savor this moment. Her legs came up and wrapped around his back, opening her up to him, the angle deeper. He began moving in and out, slow and deep at first. She met him with every thrust. "I want to feel you come around my cock," he panted. "Let me see you touch yourself." Her watched her slide her hand between their bodies and work her clit, her eyes closing with pleasure. He had to bite his lip not to come; it was the most erotic thing he'd ever seen or done. He thrusted harder, angling upward. The noises she was making were spurring his efforts. His cock harder than it had ever been, his balls tight to his body, tingled with the signs of his impending release. "Oh, Edward," she cried, her walls fluttering and squeezing his cock. "Bella," he chanted, her body pulling his orgasm from him so strongly that he saw spots. He collapsed on top of her, sweaty, tired and sated. Her hand rubbed his scalp while their breathing evened out. "Edward," she said, thinking he may have fallen asleep on top of her. "Huh," he mumbled, giving her a lazy smile. "You're kind of squishing me." "Oh, sorry," he said, hopping off of the bed to dispose of the condom. Moving toward the bathroom, his foot got caught in the strewn clothes, tripping him up so he nearly landed on all fours the floor, naked ass on display. Bella giggled, making him laugh too. Within seconds he was back in the bed snuggled up to her, a possessive leg thrown over hers. "I hope this is the beginning of something amazing between us," he declared. "I hope you give us a chance." She nodded. "I want to try." She wiggled until she found a comfortable position, her wiggling awakening Edward's cock. Pressed against her thigh, she could feel him long and hard. "You've awakened a beast, Bella. I want you again." When he slid into her this time, it was slow and sensual. Their love making sweet, savoring, swallowing each other's moans when they came together. Lying, limbs entwined, Bella realized that clumsy, wonky Edward was not so uncoordinated in bed. In fact, he made love with purpose and grace, something that didn't carry over to daily life, especially not in his dancing and yoga. Bella smiled. She loved the thought that she knew something about Edward that no one else knew. And that together they were something special. A/N Hope you enjoyed it :)