ask me how I got this! She pleaded in her head. "How'd this concussion happen?" Carlisle asked, concerned. "I slipped and hit my head on a table." Illy quickly responded. "You told the nurse it was from getting hit in the head with a ball." Carlisle pushed, hoping she'd confess to something. "Well, I did that too. That's how I got the concussion was from those two things." Illy retorted. "Where are your parents?" Carlisle asked, scribbling away on his paper. "I'm a foster kid. I live with a couple and five other foster kids." Illy said truthfully, hoping he'd buy it. "Are you sure that's the truth?" Carlisle questioned while looking her in the eye. If she broke eye contact, she's probably lying. Illy looked away from the doctor's topaz eyes. "Yeah, just a little accident." "Okay. I'll send a nurse in to discharge you. Pleasure meeting you, Iliana." Carlisle politely said, sticking out his hand. He felt very sympathetic for this girl. Illy cautiously shook it, flinching at how cold he was. "Sorry, my hands are usually freezing. My mistake." Carlisle smiled at the girl, covering up any suspicions she might come up with. He left the room and Illy let go of a breath she didn't know she was holding in. Sadie came in about five minutes after Carlisle left. "We're all good to go. Did you know Dr. Cullen has seven adopted children?" Sadie asked with a smile. Though she wasn't happy since a nurse discussed that Carlisle believed Illy to be an abuse victim, at least she had a better understanding of the situation. The drive back to Illy's house was quick and Sadie gave her simply instructions: pack. Ignoring the death glares she got from her foster parents and Carter, all kids were packing up. Illy grabbed the same three suitcases she's had for 11 years now and piled in her clothing and pictures. Sadie waited inside incase anyone tried to pull anything. "I hope you're happy." Amy growled at Sadie. Sadie just scoffed in response. "I'm sorry you're sick enough to use these kids for money." Amy shut up after that to Sadie's pleasure. Sadie noticed Naomi was gone so one of the social workers had already picked her up. Each kid was assigned a social worker to take them to the shelter and Sadie thankfully got assigned to Illy. Sadie grabbed Illy's suitcase and helped her go down the stairs. Everything got loaded into Sadie's trunk. Illy got into the passenger seat and Sadie got into the driver seat and roared the engine to life. "So, you have to stay the night at the shelter but I'm picking you up at eight tomorrow morning and you'll stay at my house tomorrow." Sadie gave the unfortunate news to Illy. Illy leaned back in her seat, upset. She'd literally stay anywhere but the shelter. After a 15 minute drive to the shelter, they finally had arrive. Sadie helped Illy get her luggage out and into one of the rooms. Sadie worked her magic to get Illy a room with only one other foster kid. The room was tiny with a bunk bed and a dresser but it was better than nothing. Illy immediately crawled in bed and Sadie looked at her, pained. "I'll be back tomorrow. Make sure to get something to eat." Sadie told Illy before she left. Illy's POV After Sadie left, I just laid there. I was almost the girl sleeping on the bed above mine was smoking pot. I left the room and got some food. Though it didn't taste great, it was still something. I saw Naomi sitting at one of the tables and sat next to her. Sure she probably hated me but really what else was new? "Thank you." I quietly thanked her. "For what?" She replied in a snotty tone. "For getting us out of that house." I said while looking her in the eyes. Her face softened. "You're welcome. I'm sorry for how Carter treated you." "Same for you, we didn't deserve that." We sat their in silence. "So...you're pregnant?" I broke the silence. She immediately brightened up. "Yeah! I'm actually really excited. My biological mother had eleven kids so I think I'm meant to be a mother!" Naomi said with a huge smile. "Congratulations, you'll be a great mother." I congratulated her. No, Naomi wasn't the brightest. But if she's happy, then so be it. The night flew by fast and by eleven p.m., I gave up trying to sleep. Did you know Dr. Cullen has seven adopted children? Sadie's words kept ringing my head. Before I knew it, I was packing up my clothes. ...seven adopted children. I quickly dialed Sadie's number and she picked up immediately. "What's going on?" She asked, concerned. "Nothing. Come pick me up please." I said breathlessly as I threw my clothes in my suitcase. "Yes, of course." We both hung up. Grabbing my three suitcases, I hurried down the steps. Save yourself. You're going to be a goner soon. Escape yourself. Sadie flew into the parking lot and before she even stopped I was throwing my suitcases in her backseat and I grabbed the phonebook from Sadie's glove department. I flipped threw like a maniac, hoping his address would be in there. When I found it, I told her where to go. They lived on the outskirts of town, but I didn't care. I knew what I had to do. Arriving at this large and beautiful house, I had a gut feeling I had arrived. I grabbed all my things and made my way to the front door. Butterflies were in my stomach, but I pushed them away. They'll save you. I knocked on the door and after five seconds, Dr. Cullen opened the door, concerned and confused. "Hello, Dr. Cullen. My name is Iliana Lenick, and I've been in foster care for 11 years. Please, can I be apart of your foster family?" Review review :)