We removed her coat, boots and one of the shirts she was wearing. "I'll be right back," Edward said as he walked from the room. I touched her forehead and she felt really warm. I couldn't wait until she was better and could see how wonderful Edward is. Yeah, I have my hopes up that she'll fall madly in love with him and we'll never have to leave here. Bella deserves a happy ending and this could be it. Edward came back a few minutes later with a black bag and a few washcloths. He opened his bag and pulled out a stethoscope and listened to her heart and lungs. "She's really struggling to breathe - definitely sounds like pneumonia." "Is she going to be okay? Can you help her?" I asked. "I can and she should be feeling better in a week or so, biggest thing she needs is to be warm and eat regularly - her body can't fight this without proper nutrition." The doorbell rang suddenly and Edward left to answer it. I could hear him talking to someone, but couldn't make out what was being said. He came right back holding a bag filled with clear fluid and a small case. "What's all that?" I asked. "This is saline," he said holding up the bag with the clear liquid. "It's important she stays hydrated." I watched as he took a pair of latex gloves from his bag and then felt along Bella's arm and then pulled a needle with a tube on it from the case. I was amazed when he got the needle in her arm without even waking her - Bella hated needles. He hooked the tube to the bag of fluid and then stood up, removed the picture that is over the bed and hung the bag of fluid on the nail in the wall. He adjusted a little dial that's on the tube and I can see the liquid start moving out of the bag and down the tube. I watched as he moved some hair off her face, he looked as if he really cared about her. "Are you hungry, Anthony? We could order some pizza." "What about, Bella?" "Right now she just needs rest, when she wakes up, we'll get her something to eat." "I could eat," I told him. I don't really want him knowing I feel like I could eat a whole pizza myself. "Well, let's go and order us a pizza," he said as he led me from the room. I followed him out to the kitchen, man Bella would love this, and I just stand looking around while he ordered the pizza. "So what do you like to do, Anthony?" he asked me. "I like to draw, and sometimes play games," I said quietly. "Like board games, or video games?" "Both. I haven't had a chance to play many video games living on the street, but I did play when we lived at home." "I have a system if you want to play anytime, just make yourself at home." "Really?" "Yeah, feel free to use anything anytime," he said. "Why are you being so nice? What do you want out of all of this?" I asked defensively. "Not a thing. Just to help - just like I helped at the mall with the Santa thing. It makes me happy helping people, is that so hard to believe?" he asked. "Yes. I'm sorry, but living out there on the streets. You tend not to trust easily. I don't want Bella to be hurt. She's all I have. I trust you, Edward. There was something about you and that's why I came to you when I couldn't wake her up." "I'm glad you came to me. She probably would've gotten a lot worse out on the street. But now she'll get better faster with our help." The doorbell rang and he went to answer it. He came back carrying three boxes and a two liter of soda. It smelled really good. Edward sat the boxes down and grabbed some plates and glasses. "Help yourself," he said as he handed me a plate. I felt bad since Bella wasn't eating. "It okay to eat Anthony, I think your sister would want you to eat." "But.. she's hungry too. She always sacrifices herself so that I can eat enough," I said as tears gathered in my eyes. "I know but she can't eat right now, I promise we'll save her some," he said with a smile. "You promise?" I asked. "Yes, I promise." With that, I picked up several pieces of pizza and Edward did too. We ate quietly. It tasted so good. I couldn't help but eat about four pieces and two glasses of soda. Edward ate just as much as I did. He was a really cool guy, not many people would invite a homeless kid and their sister into their home. He doesn't know us from anyone, we could kill him in his sleep or take all of his money. Not that we would, but he's really a wonderful person and I think he'll be perfect for Bella. After we finished eating, I helped Edward put stuff away and then we checked on Bella. "Can I put my sleeping bag in here? I don't want her left alone." "You can sleep in the other extra room, I'll stay here in the chair and keep an eye on her," he said. "Umm, I guess I could...for a bit." He showed me to the other room and I climbed into the bed. "Anthony, I promise if she wakes up. I'll come and get you. Okay?" "Okay," I say. I snuggled into the blankets and it felt nice to sleep in a bed. "Edward," I said softly as he was by the door. "Yeah, buddy." "Thank you for everything." "You're welcome," he said as he walked out the door. I thanked God for meeting him that day at the mall.