"Morning" She uttered, her voice sounding scratchy. "Is there any news?" "No, if anything changed, and I mean anything, Tom was going to call me." I handed her one of the cups of coffee, which she cradled in her hands as she made her way into the lounge. "Carlisle, last night…" The words caught in her throat. "It's okay," I replied. "Thank you, for being there." She smiled back. "I love you." "And I you, there is nothing I wouldn't do for you." She walked over to me, pressing a gentle kiss to my cheek. "I'm so lucky to have you. Let me make some breakfast, then we can go see Edward." After breakfast, we made our way to the hospital and toward Edward's room. I had to stop by my office to collect some files I needed to pass onto other Doctors. Once I made it to Edward's room, I was shocked by the scene that greeted me. To my delight, Edward was awake, Esme was fussing all over him, and Bella was looking embarrassed. The last thing he needed was to feel crowded and I needed to find out what had happened. "I'm going to talk to Tom...sorry , Dr. Gerandy. I will also tell Rose that you are back with us. She has been worried about you, we all have." With that , I left. Once outside the door I heaved a sigh of relief, Edward was awake. Making my way through the hospital, I knocked on his office door letting myself in. "Carlisle, I can only guess why you are here." He motioned for me to take a seat. Instead, I leaned over his desk. "Why didn't you call me? Esme and I have been worried about him. Wondering if he would be okay, what we might find only to walk in this morning to find him awake, and I wasn't told. Why?" Tom settled back in his chair. "Carlisle, I wanted to call you. But Edward asked that I give him a few hours to get his bearings and work things through in his head. His body has been through a lot. I was going to call you." I nodded at him. "But you could have called." I paused or a moment. "How long as he been awake?" Tom looked at his watch. "A couple of hours or so. I should go and check on him." We walked in silence back down to the room, as we turned the corner, we saw Esme leave the room, seemingly following Bella. Rose was pacing the corridor, speaking into her phone before she walked back into the room. We quickly followed, I had to idea what had been going on in here, but the tension as palpable. Tom was annoyed, I could sense it. "No, no, no. This will not do. There have been too many people around him. I am disappointed in you Carlisle. You know how important it is that patients , who have been through what Edward has, get their rest. I don't know what has been going on in here, but I could hear you out in the hallway." He glared at me, I was embarrassed at the situation. I fought back a smile as Edward stifled a laugh as I spoke. "Tom, I'm sorry. You are quite right." I turned my attention to Emmett and Rose. "Sorry guys. Dr. Gerandy is right, Edward needs his rest. We can visit tomorrow. Emmett, I will speak to you later about whatever it is that you know before you tell Edward. I need to be sure that you will not hurt his recovery. Tom, I'm sorry, I should know better; you are quite right. You know how worried we've all be about Edward following the… well , you know what I mean." Edward looked confused. I knew it wasn't the time or place to tell him. Luckily Esme came back into the room, I noticed he seemed upset. "I couldn't catch up with her. I hope you are happy , Rose." She sounded mad, but I had no idea why. She saw Tom and I standing in the room. "Sorry, is everything okay with Edward? Tom? Carlisle?" Her eyes flitted between the two of us before she looked at Edward before she went to his side. She stroked his hair, tears must have filled her eyes as he reached up to brush them away. I put my hand on her shoulder before I whispered in her ear, "Esme, we need to leave Edward to rest. We can always come back tomorrow. I promise that Tom will let us know if anything changes." She looked at me, I knew she wanted to stay and I was prepared for a battle of wills. Luckily, Edward smiled at her before he spoke in a low voice. "Mom, I will be okay. I could do with the rest , to be honest. I'm exhausted. Please just go home and I will see you tomorrow." She kissed his forehead and quietly said. "Sleep well , my angel. We will come back in the morning. Love you." He managed a smile for her, I could tell he wanted to know what had happened, but I also knew it would need be dealt with when he was feeling a little stronger. As we walked out of the hospital, I knew there was still a long way to go. Edward was out of danger, but there was still a long way to go before things were back to normal. Deep down I wondered if things would ever be normal again. Authors note: Thanks to ETPhone Home for holding my hand on this, I hope you enjoyed it. This was written especially for Fandom for LLS and this is the third year I have donated a piece to this fantastic cause. If you would like to know more about this story, it is available on FanFiction and The Writers Coffee Shop – look for Loopylou992.