closer to the bed and then they stopped next to me. The silence which hung heavily in the room was broken by a sob, followed by words that nearly broke me once again. "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry." I looked toward Edward, seeing the shock on his face. I moved slightly, causing me pain I desperately wanted to hide from him as I answered him. "It's okay, son." It was clear he wanted to approach me, but he didn't move. It was like he was afraid to move. He whispered out,."I caused most of this, I don't know how you can bear to look at me, knowing I was willing to kill you in there." "You were willing to do what you had to, ultimately to protect me and your family. That takes some guts, Edward. I would've willingly died there if it meant you would be safe, but either way that was never guaranteed." The exertion of speaking, even just those few words made me cough and the pain was intense, there was no way to disguise it. Edward immediately reacted.. "Do you need me to call a nurse?" "No, it's fine. Just a couple of cracked ribs and some bruising, nothing they can do." I smiled, trying to put his mind at rest and also playing down the injuries I was nursing. "I did that to you, and I'm sorry." The torment was written on his face. "Why did you say those things to me?" "I had to push you, I goaded you, pushed the buttons I knew would get the reaction I needed. I didn't mean any of it. You do know that, don't you?" I watched as he nodded, he seemed unable to speak, so I continued. "You did what you had to. You did nothing those bastards hadn't already done me over a few times before I saw you again." The least I could do was let him know this wasn't all his doing. He finally found his voice. "How did they get you? I thought Emmett's guys were with you?" "They were." I let a sigh as I prepared to tell him how easily I was fooled. "I got a phone call, you asked me for help. Begged me. Then a voice came on the line, saying they were helping you out, they'd found you beaten up downtown. I just wanted to get you to safety. I told Emmet's guys I had an errand to run, and to stay with Esme. They never questioned it. Of course, it was a trap. When I got there, you were nowhere to be seen and I was attacked and taken to that madman. I just wanted to protect you, for keep you safe. I failed." My voice became a whisper. "I pleaded with them to see you, then they beat me up, told me you were dead already. I knew it wasn't true, you were stronger than that. Finally, they dragged me out of the cell I was being kept in. Seeing you there, at the mercy of that monster.. Son, if there was any way I could've swapped places with you while ensuring your safety, I would've done in a heartbeat. I almost gave up hope at one point, then special Agent Sebine came to see me. He brought me food and water, told me not to give up hope. To trust him as there were things he couldn't tell me, but he would do his best to ensure we both made it out alive. I just knew I could trust him." I saw Laurent standing behind him in the doorway, knowing he had heard what I said. Edward turned to Laurent briefly. "I made good on that promise Carlisle, although I did think at one point it might be hopeless." He moved to take a seat next to the bed. "You see, when Aro announced you were to fight that night, things were not in place, we hadn't expected that from him, the plan had been to strike at Volterra, but we had to move quickly. There was no other choice." Edward addressed him. "Why did you not warn me, you could've found a way," Laurent shook his head. "There wasn't. You had to hate me for bringing you back there, that emotion had to be real. Any sign of deception or untruth would have spelled death for both of us. It was a gamble that paid off." "Thank you. For saving my son." The words just didn't seem enough to express the debt of gratitude I owed this man. Laurent simply nodded in response. "So what happens now?" Edward interrupted. Laurent got to his feet. "We need to go back downtown, and I can tell you more. But for now, all you need to concentrate on is the fact you are free, Edward, this nightmare is over." The relief I felt hearing those words was immense. Yes there would still be obstacles to face. Bella still needed to recover, and I wasn't sure if their relationship would be able to survive this latest development. All I knew was if the last few days had taught me anything, it was, if you believe in something, you have to fight for it, put your heart and if needed, life, on the line. I lay back on the bed, and sighed in relief. Finally, he could move forward with his life, knowing the people responsible for putting him through the living hell he endured at their hands had been punished, and he was free to live the rest of his life in peace. Authors Note: Thank you for reading and more importantly donating to this great cause, it's always good to see how this fandom pulls together when one of our own needs help. Massive thanks go out to. Dorchester (Dora) for betaing this for me, and to Nicole, Kirsty and Leigh Warner for pre-reading. Ladies, I cannot thank you enough for your constant love and support.