to Aro. "Get him inside the house. NOW," I order. Running out of the gym doors, I race into the tree line, crouching low so no one can detect I'm there, just as the first vehicle comes into view. It slows down even more, before finally parking right infront of the house. The rest of the cars follow suit. Come on, you fuckers, show yourselves. No sooner had I thought it, the back car door of the second car opened and a small woman with a gypsy looking haircut and fine clothes stepped out. She was followed by a men with blonde hair dressed in jeans and sweater. They moved a little away from the car door, never taking their eyes off the house like they were in awe of it. They were soon accompanied by a bear of man, who was also wearing jeans and a muscle shirt that looked like he was going to explode out of, and a blonde woman dressed in a stylish sundress that had her arm around his waist. Slowly making their way to them was a more elderly couple, holding hands, that were wearing jeans and t-shirts, with two children holding their other hands. Hearing another open I look to the last car that had a bodyguard holding the door. . Then a tall toned man with auburn hair stepped out, wearing black pants, shirt and jacket looking much like the bodyguard. No, it couldn't be. No, no, no, this isn't happening. Fuck. The front door to the house swings open and the uncle's step outside. Oh shit. Shock is written over everyone's faces, seeing family members standing before each other. It's the clearly shocked elderly man that speaks, "Brothers, what are you doing here? Thought you all moved to Australia?" "Brother, if I were you I would get your family back in those cars putting this place in the rear view mirror" Marcus voices warningly. I slowly make my way out of my hiding spot in the tree line creeping quietly towards him . "Uncles, surprised to see you here. Of all the places we would find you three and here you stand before us infront of our old family home. With no contact from any of you in the last six years, you do know that we no longer own this property right?" His voice is so calm, but I can hear the authority within that's demanding an answer to the hidden question – What the hell are you three doing here ? Crouching behind the tray of his car, Caius' smart mouth got the better of him. "Surprised, like we give a shit - you worthless excuse of a man. We can't stand to look at you, let alone call you family boy. Now do as your fucking told and get back in that car and fuck off. We disowned your ass long ago. To think we share the last name—" Caius didn't get to finish his rant – like he would stand for anyone talking to him like that even if it was family . "WHO THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOU ARE! I'm the head of this family, our organisation. I have the whole world in my control not you. I'm the one that gives the orders, not some retired dried up hit man like you," he screams. The rest of the family stands there in disbelief to the scene in front of them. The women ushering the children closer to them as the men edge closer towards him . No one in the family has ever spoken to him like that – they were all afraid too. See apart from being born into the right family, who by the way happens to be the royal family of the mob so to speak, he was also a genius with a very high IQ. That is a very bad combination. "I can still put your ass on the ground boy, so don't tempt me. Fuck off already." Caius spits back with Aro and Marcus grabbing an arm each to hold him in place. I have to protect my son. Hearing the retort from Caius, I know that this is my chance to make myself known and maybe defuse the situation – in a manner of speaking. "BOY? Who the hell are you calling Boy, you old git? I'll go when I'm good and fucking ready. YOU CAN'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO," He roars as his whole body goes tense with anger. I quickly move along the side of the car with ease as no one is paying attention to their surroundings – if it wasn't for the fact that this whole scene included him I would find this shit funny. Come on a young man and a seasoned man having a word fight like they're two? Who wouldn't find it funny? Standing behind him with only an arm length between us, I raise my gun placing the barrel right against the back of his head. "He may not be able to tell you what to do, but as the owner of this property I most certainly fucking can," I grind out in a cold sneer. His whole body freezes instantly at the sound of my voice. We all stand there not moving a muscle and barely breathing. Slowly he turns around to face me. The gun in hand now pointed directly between his gorgeous green eyes. "Bella," e whispers in disbelief and heartache. Have you ever had one of those times when you knew right then in that moment that your life would never be the same? That it's that fraction of time that will change the course of the rest of your life and that of everyone you love? This was that moment for me as I looked into his eyes. If only I could have told myself this when I woke up this morning, maybe things might have gone different but I can't change things now!