it would be dreadful to find out that for decades he had to suffer to a great extent, just because he cannot see himself right. Or others for that matter even with the ability to hear thoughts. A bruised soul would see that the only one hurting him was really himself. Isn't that worse than masochism? "It's a painting. I'm like an old painting. And the conditions for it it hasn't been that great and for too long it has been like that. Now it's just starting to crumble apart. Flakes of perfection are just a cover for the nothingness that hides within. And you see that there's nothing left as it shatters. And that's the truth that you don't want to see. Because it isn't nice. You don't deserve it", he said in a threatening way, but really he was the one who was getting attacked. By himself. "Please Bella. Don't leave me. Or maybe you should, because I'm not sure if I can be the man I was before. I don't know if I can be anything at all", he admitted. "You deserve so much better", he whimpered. Bella saw him trembling and collapsing onto the floor. He breathed shallow and heaved the air he didn't want in his lungs anymore. She couldn't stop herself from going to him after that. Wracking sobs escaped him and stinging tears clouded his eyes again, when he didn't let them to fall. He didn't want Bella to see how tiny he really was even with a body you would suspect to be the only miniscule thing about him. And it is the truth, because his emotions were far bigger than he himself was and could handle. Bella cradled him to her lap and put her arms around his frame tightly. He struggled effortlessly a while, but the adjusted against her. Bella's hands lightly rubbed his arms so she wouldn't hurt him, but enough that he would understand her attempts to comfort him. She lowered her head against his head. The soft bronze locks tingled her face that was full of concern and sadness. She let her actions speak for themselves. "Let me make you whole", Bella whispered. "You would waste your time", he said back coldly. The sobs began to quiet down. "That is impossible. Listen to me carefully and trust me. You are my life. Just because I love you. I will do anything for you unconditionally. And I will love you unconditionally. I will help you. You don't have to do anything, but let me. And if it won't go as we hoped... I will love you no matter what. Please, Edward. I wouldn't be here if that wasn't true. Please, believe me", she pleaded and turned so she could see his face. He looked hopelessly into her topaz coloured eyes and tried to find the answer he didn't have a question. But she had just said it. She loved him. That's all. He wouldn't need anything else. "You won't leave even if this is who I am? Are you sure? I won't judge you Bella. I will understand if you leave. I would too. I wish I could, but I seems to be impossible", he asked with uncertainty. Bella hugged him closer and he watched her profile in disbelief that she was still there with him. "I love you. Who you are. You just need to open up to me so I can love you as you deserve to be. I want to love every part of you. And I'll if you let me", she said to him softly and looked straight into the green orbs. They were bloodshot still. "I think you have a misunderstanding in what you're thinking of me", Edward uttered still not believing what he was hearing. "No, you can't read my mind. And it's you anyway who has a misconception on who you are. Let me tell you darling, you're perfect. You can depend on me", Bella retrieved. Suddenly he laughed a bit. It was off, but still a laugh that made Bella so much happier and hopeful. "You're just saying that, because you love me", Edward said and smiled weakly. He nuzzled his head to the crook of Bella's neck and smelled her sweet scent. Bella did the same to Edward and giggled. They just stayed like that for a moment or a few. "I love you", Edward said after a minute. "I know that. And now you should know that I feel the same for you", Bella replied. "And I'm grateful for that", he said with a hint of smile playing on his lips as he started to feel more at ease. He thought that Bella was the perfection and someone who was perfect couldn't be stupid about who she loved. And what she said about him seemed to be the truth after all then. Had he been so wrong about himself then? He couldn't quite understand that yet. He just couldn't. He had lived in his lies for so long... But Bella would definitely make him figure it all out. There was no doubt about that. Bella shook her head in her mind how unnecessary obliged her husband was for her loving him. It should be obvious. But it was good that it was appreciated. How she was needed made her feel much better and more useful. If she only new how important she really was to Edward... But they were everything to each other and it was all they needed to know. The knowing that there was someone for them. Someone they could love and loved them back. "God, I missed you", Edward breathed to Bella's neck. "If you were lost, I promise I'll find you. Just stay there for a while and let me kiss you", Bella said and they detached from each other only slightly so they could kiss. And it was more than needed. Everything was really fine in that moment. And more than fine. Hi...