he got up on his knees. I watched as she got up on her hands and knees. She looked back at me over her shoulder and smirked at me. She definitely wasn't my shy little wife anymore. She was a total vixen at times, and this was one of those times. I lined my aching cock up with her entrance as I gripped her hips and slammed into her. "Fuck baby, you're so tight this way," I said as I thrusted in and out of her. Bella sat up on her knees and gripped the headboard as I pounded into her. "Fuck Edward, more," she murmured as I moved my hands up to cup her breasts. She moved one of her hands down to her pussy and she started to rub her clit. "Yes, Edward fuck me," she screamed. "H...hold on to the headboard again, baby," I gritted out. "This is going to be hard and fast." "Yes Edward, do it." I pounded into her as fast and hard as I can. Our moans were the only sound you could hear. I shoved into her again and again, each time a little harder than the last. "Edward, fuck. I love when you are this deep inside me," she panted as she pushed back against me. "I love it too, baby." I picked up my pace as I felt my orgasm building. "Oh fuck, Bella. I...I'm so close. Please say you are," I panted as I slipped my hand to her pussy and started to rub her clit. "Y..yes...oh fuck, so close," she panted as my fingers circled her clit. "Let me hear you, baby." I rubbed harder, "Yes! Fuck Edward fuck!" she screamed as her walls clamped onto me squeezing me hard. I felt the coil snap inside me as my cock pulsed inside her pussy, I came hard sending ribbons of my come into her. "Oh fuck, Be..lla," I roared as I stilled behind her and gripped her hips. "Holy shit, you are going to be the death of me, baby. You're so fucking sexy." "Mmm..hmm..I could say the same thing, Mr. Cullen." I pulled her to me a kissed her full lips. She slipped her fingers up into my hair and gripped slightly as she pulled herself closer to me. "Are you tired, love?" I asked as I held her. "No, not really." "Good, because I'm not done with you yet." She smiled up at me and I kissed her forehead. I laid her on her back as I hovered over her. "You're so beautiful, baby," I murmured as I nudged her legs apart. She wrapped her arms around my waist, pulling me into her. She felt so good wrapped around me as I slid deeper into her warmth. I wasn't in a hurry as I slowly pumped in and out of her, as I kept my eyes locked on hers. She stroked my cheek tenderly, I could see so much love in her eyes. We moved slowly against each other, just feeling and whispering words of love to each other. "You're so beautiful." "My handsome husband," she murmured as she pressed her lips to mine as I thrusted deep inside her. I continued moving slowly, savoring her. "You feel so fucking good, baby," I said as I intertwined our fingers together. I could feel the coil building slowly inside me. I wanted her to be close too. "Baby, are you cl..close?" "Yes," she moaned out. "Good," I said as I began thrusting erratically inside her. "Yes, yes, my Bella," I grunted as I came hard inside her. I felt her squeeze around me, and she called out my name. "Mmm...yes Edward," she called out as she arched into me. I loved feeling her hard nipples pressed into my chest. I could feel her body trembling from the force of her orgasm. "I love you, baby." "I love you too, Edward," she said as I turned us to our sides and I held her body close to me. I laid there holding her in my arms, and thinking about our trip home. "Baby, we should probably get back home soon." "Yeah, I know." "We can leave tomorrow afternoon, if you'd like." "It's up to you, Edward," she said softly. "No love, its up to us," I said as I kissed her cheek. "So if I said that we should stay a few more days, it would be fine." "Of course." "It's okay, I'm ready to go back home. I miss our bed," I said quietly. "We can leave tomorrow afternoon then?" I asked. "Sure, sounds good." She leaned her head against my chest as we laid there. "Are things going to be a lot different once we get home?" she asked. "Some different." "It will be more dangerous now, won't it?" "Yeah probably." "I trust you," she murmured. "I know you'll keep us safe." "I'll always do my best." "I know you will," she said as she ran her fingers through my hair. "You will make a great leader of this family. Aro knew this, and I support you, baby. I'll always be here for you." "Thanks baby, I couldn't do it without you." She yawned against me and I knew we had to get some sleep. "Let's sleep, love. Our children will be up early," I said kissing her lips softly. She nodded as she closed her eyes. "I love you," she whispered against me. "I love you, baby." I laid there holding her against me as she slept, tomorrow we would be going home. I hoped that I was ready for this, everyone has such confidence in me. Renata said she'd help me as much as she could, and I know Bella will be there with me every step of the way. I've watched Aro run this family since I was in my teens. I'll just follow his lead and everything should be okay. I finally gave into sleep, as I snuggled with my beautiful wife.