turned the first time I decided to skate it was like I was flying, it was incredible." "Show me," I wasn't sure what processed me to say what I did, if it was Edward I would have said no but the way Jasper looked at me with the excitement that he was I couldn't stop myself. "Here," he held his hand towards me as I stepped closer, lifting me up he placed me with my back towards him and me staring forward. I felt the worry creep up on me then, "don't worry Bella, I won't let you go." "I was actually worried that the blades on my skates would hurt you," he laughed then and I smiled feeling my fears melt away as he wrapped his arms around me, "Ready?" "Do it," I shouted as he began to move, his pace starting slow before picking up in speed, getting faster and faster until he was full speed. "Open your eyes Bella!" he called and I did, fighting against the cold wind as I did so, but when my eyes were used to the sting I gasped. He was right, this was so different and so much more! I could see a white blur all around me, I knew that being a vampire would be different and that they could see everything as clearly as I would if I was stood still, but now I loved all of this! "Do you trust me?" I heard him whisper in my ears and I didn't even need to think about it as I nodded my head. I felt his arms move as he slowly let me go whilst continuing to move at a rapid speed, placing me on the floor so that I was moving at vampire speed without any help. It was incredible! I'd always wondered what it would be like to be a vampire and have the speed that they did and now I knew and I wanted it more than anything, the freeness that you felt was such a rush! I closed my eyes for just a second then as I spread my arms wide, laughing at the wind that pushed against me, but once I opened my eyes again I saw that I was approaching a tree and that I wasn't slowing down. Fear filled me as I drew closer and closer, I knew I was going to crash, but once I neared it I felt arms wrap around me and pull me towards the side, us both crashing in the snow as I tried to catch my breath and slow my breathing. "Are you okay? I should have stopped you sooner, you were just having that much fun I didn't want you to lose that smile or that feeling." Jasper spoke my ear. "I loved that, I am sad that I had to stop but thank you for catching me." we stood then as we faced each other. "I'm glad you liked it and it actually worked, it was something I've been thinking about showing you for the past few weeks." "Bet Edward didn't like that," I whispered as I saw the family approach. "What happened? Bella are you okay, you didn't fall did you?" I rolled my eyes once more. "No I didn't fall," I huffed as his eyes snapped towards Jasper. "You did what? I thought I told you absolutely not!" he snarled as he moved closer to him obviously reading what just happened in Jasper's mind. "She wanted to try it Edward, you can't wrap her in cotton wool all the time you know, and it was her choice." "She should never have had the choice, you should have just left her to skate alone and not tried to do anything with her that could cause her harm!" he yelled and that was about the time I'd had enough. "Edward just shut up, I wanted to do it and Jasper wouldn't let anything happen to me, I am completely fine, you have nothing to worry about." I shouted right back as he took a step towards me now, "I'm fine." I repeated a little calmer. He stared at me once more and I stood my ground staring right back, after what seemed like forever he huffed. "Fine, just don't do it again, you know I only want you to be safe." I nodded my head as I glanced at Jasper trying to send him as much regret that I could, and as soon as Edward turned towards the rest of them I turned to him, moving my lips and forming two words, I'm sorry, watching as he gave me a small smile and shrug. "Come on I think Bella needs to get home and out of the cold." I was actually alright but knowing I was in enough trouble as it was I nodded my head and took his hand letting him guide me towards the car. "Rose will you get in the back with Emmett, I want to keep an eye on Bella, god only knows what she'll do if I turn around for even a minute." My anger once again peeked as I slid into the passenger's seat and crossed my arms, feeling his icy hand on my leg as we drove towards the house and I found myself wishing I was in the other car sitting beside someone else. A/N: So I thought I'd write a Christmas story that may lead on till after Christmas and new year, it's something I've been thinking about doing for the past few years but this year I just decided I might as well since Christmas is my favourite time of year, yep I am one of them, people call me Elf because if you've seen the film and met me you'd understand. Anyway as always I am dyslexic so spelling and grammar are something I struggle with but I do hope you liked it. Anyway let me know and until next time, Jess x