sun was just peeking from the horizon. There was a slight chill in the air as we walked out of the motel. bella let go of my hand as she tied her hair up and placed her helmet. "Ready for the real world?" I asked as I started the bike and she placed her arms around me. Not so tight so it meant she was comfortable. "No, I don't want to go back yet." She admitted. "I don't either." I said back to her and drove off. Leaving the Blue Dolphin and our wonderful night behind. Four hours later, we were back in L.A. Once we made it to the gate of her home I realized that we never actually discussed the nature of our relationship. Yes, we expressed our love for each other and talked about ourselves but we never said what we were. Exclusive? Just dating? A secret? Once we made to back to the garage I parked the bike and Bella hopped off. I placed the helmets back on the shelf and just looked at her. We just stood there in silence. neither of us wanted to move or end the day. "So," I said and scratched the back of my neck. Stupid nervous tick! "Is Rosalie gonna come in here and just take you away?" She giggled and shook her head. "Fortunately for us, She will be here around twelve to go over my plans for the next week. We still have some time alone." I smiled at that thought. More alone time with Bella was always welcomed. "Actually, I was hoping we could talk in the kitchen before she got here." I nodded my head and followed her to the kitchen and sat beside her on the island. It seemed odd to be spending our time together in a 3-star motel room and be completely comfortable and then to come back to her luxurious house and be nervous. So I decided to ask the first question. "Bella, where do we stand?" I asked and she looked at me back. "I mean I know you worked hard on your career and I don't want to ruin your reputation either." I said honestly. If she told me to pack my bags and stay away I would. Yeah I would be hard for me to be away from her but I would do it if she said the word. "Edward, I thought a lot on the way back home. Yesterday...," she sighed and held my hand. "Edward it really was one of the best days of my life. I didn't have to worry about social media or if my music was right. i was able to be me. The real Bella. And for awhile I forgot who I was. And I don't want you to go away." It was as if she was reading my thoughts. "I would be an idiot if I turned away a hot guy who loved me." She said as she pecked my lips. "So I've decided...to stop singing." She said so calmly and yet it shocked me to the core. "What?" I was so shocked I didn't realize I was standing up. "Bella, you can't do that for me. I swear I'll be incognito. No one will know we are together. You've been in this career for so long. You can't." She shook her head and gently placed her hand on my shoulder. "Edward please sit down." I hesitantly listened and sat down again. "Yes I am quitting singing but not music." She must have sensed the confusion and quickly explained. "I will continue music but as a songwriter. love writing music but I can't take the fame anymore. I have already fulfilled my end of the contract and produced six albums. I need to know who I am again. And I lost myself along the way to fame. So I'm willing to take a step back and just focus on my actual music and who I am. I'm not doing this for you. I'm doing this for me." "Okay," I said as my heart relaxed. I could understand where she was coming from. I had noticed how unhappy she was during parties and meeting new celebrities all the time. The photoshoots she once tolerated now she despised. And I was certain most artist would love her songs. "Plus the good side is now I can move away from L.A. and get a house closer to my parents. I want to reconnect with them and for them to meet my boyfriend." She said while grabbing my hand again. "I wonder who he could be?" I teased kissing her hand. "Don't play. I really do love you and I don't want yesterday to be my only happy day. I want to be happy everyday. And ou as well. I want you to pursue your dream of being in the FBI or a detective or whatever. I want you to find yourself just like I will. And I want to be able to walk the streets with you without cameras flashing in my face." She said standing in front of me. "I would want nothing more than your happiness." I said honestly as I tucked a stray hair behind her ear. "This will make me happy." SHe replied as she softly kissed me. My heart wanted to race out of my chest and float to the sky because of how happy I was. We just held each other in the middle of the kitchen perfectly happy and content. We no longer had to hide our love. But be free. "So I guess this means I'll have to fire you for hooking up with your boss then huh?" She said through the silence and I couldn't help but laugh. I truly did love this girl. Okay my lovelies. This took me so long to write but I wanted to make it absolutely perfect. I am happy with the results and hopefully you are too. Merry Christmas!