"Where are we?" I mumble. "At Dr. Roberts's office. He is a wonderful physician." Jasper is still staring at me making me uncomfortable. That name rings a bell. "Well, let's go get this over with." I slide out of the car and pull on my sunglasses. Jasper comes around to rest his hand on the small of my back, before leading us into the building. All activity stops when we come into the office. It obvious by the way it's decorated that it serves the very upper-class of the upper-class. The mint green of the wall is making me wish I stayed in the car. Why would they paint their wall this color knowing only pregnant women will be coming here? "You okay?" Jasper whispers in my ear. I shake my head knowing I am going to be sick, "No, anything that is left in my stomach is coming back up." Jasper practically lifts me off the ground, bowling people over in his search for the bathroom. He finally finds it and drops me down next to the sparkling white toilet. I wish he would leave. Before I can think of anything else, the contents of my stomach is rushing up. My head violent jerks over the rim as vomit erupts from my mouth. Jasper holds my hair back with his hand and rubs soothing circles down my back. "Should you be throwing up this much?" He finally asks when I stop for the second time. "I have no clue." Our conversation is cut short with me throwing up once again. I swear I hate the color green. It should be removed from the damn rainbow! Why would they paint their reception office that hideous color?! Jasper is mumbling something I can't hear over my own thoughts, even though I didn't want him in here while I was sick, I am very thankful that he is. Who knows how messy my hair would have gotten if he stayed outside? "Please tell me you're finished." There is a slight tone of apprehension in his voice that makes me giggles despite feeling physically weak. "I think so." I can barely to lift my head up from the rim. I have already flushed the toilet multiple times, so I can't smell it. Jay lets me rest for a bit before helping me up to my feet. I am slightly embarrassed on how much I lean into him as we walk to the sink. Pushing away from him, I busy myself with washing out my mouth. I hate throwing up! The very smell or sight of vomit causes me to vomit. When I turn around Jasper is holding out a stick of gum that I take graciously. "Have I ever mentioned that I hate the color green?" Jasper shakes his head while laughing at me as I lean against the sink stewing. This is slightly his fault. He is the one who just had to come to see the doctor. He could have waited a reasonable time but nothing about the man standing before me is reasonable. "I'll take a mental note." His hand brush a strand of hair away from my face gently. I look at him frozen in place from shock, "What I can't touch you now?" I nod my head. "You like when I touch you, Isabella." Oh boy! His hand travel downs the curve of my thought to my tender breast. Oh sweet baby-fuck me. I gasp as his tug gently on my harden nipples. Wait where did my shirt go? Who really cares right now? "You want me." I shouldn't... He lifts me on top of the sink for better access. He fondles one of my breast before sucking on the other one. The sensations shooting through me are amazing. My skin is on fire and my need is driving me insane. I thrust my hot center into his crotch. We both groan at the friction. "You're mine Isabella." His fingers dip down in my leggings to cup my sex. If he doesn't take me right now I am going to kill him. His lean fingers push aside my thong and he inserts one into me. I moan throwing my head back, accidentally bumping into the mirror. Expertly he inserts another causing me to buck against him embarrassingly. "You're soak, Choc. Are you going to let me take you on the sink?" I nod my head barely coherent. Jasper eyes are like electric wire. He could have told me we were going to fuck in the white house and I would have said yes. He quickly yanks the soft fabric off me and withdraws his finger. I protest in a series of moans. He smiles and pecks me on the lips as he unbuckles his pants and pulls out his dick. A very huge, throbbing, dick. I wrap my legs around his body and nuzzle my face into his neck. "Oh, baby," His tip is pressed against my center. Instantly, I push against him, causing him to slip a little bit deeper into me. "Is everything okay in here?" My eyes flash open shock. Jasper's face is priceless. "Yeah, I was just having some stomach issues," I yell back to the cock-blocking lady. "Okay! Let me know if you need anything." I can hear her feet shuffle away. "I am going to shoot her." Jasper vows looking extremely pissed. I laugh and push him away, still hot and bothered. Now that I have my sense back I can't believe I was about to do that. I just threw up! But that didn't seem to bother Jasper and looking back on it, I wasn't bothered by it either. "You were going to fuck me in the doctor's office." "Yep. And you were going to let me." He smirks evilly as he pulls up his tailored pants. A/N: Is it me or is it getting a little steamy? Jasper sure can take the situation from zero to sixty in 0.05 seconds.