and Jacob?" "Jacob bowed out! So Ang, is the designated driver, you are never allowed." The other girl from the wedding came in. Tall with long black hair, and tiny skinny tine, height wise she was very tall. "Ang, Jess this is Emmett, Alice and Edward." "A pleasure," Angela shook all of our hands "Hope B's not being the evil step mother." She laughed. " So old mad how is married life?" She looked at dad. "Wonderful Jessica, and the whore life style?" "Okay, come on, you can be an ass to my husband later, up to my room." They went up the stairs. "Whats with her?" Emmett watched "Jessica? Oh nothing, just a joke. She is still in college she has chaned her major five times, so she won't have to get a real job." "Angela?" "Wonderful girl, she is a kindergarden teacher." They were up there forever laughing, shreaking. They came down, my eyes went straight to Bella, who looked wow. She had on Leather pants that could have been painted on, a strapless half shirt showing off her belly ring with a over shirt, heels that made her as tall as the angela girl. She was wearing a short blue dress and Jessica was in a mini skirt with a see through shirt. "You look wonderful." Dad's jaw was finnaly closed after it had dropped. "Thanks baby." she kissed his cheek then as always oth of ours. "Don't get to drunk." "Me? Never." "Sure," "You should be worried about her clothes, tequlia does make her clothes fall off." Jessica laughed "That is why my earings are fake tonight. Bye guys, I will see you later." Bella slid a few bills and her ID in her back pocket. "I will keep her clothes on." Angela closed the door. Then they left in Bella's Volvo. We watched movies dad ordered chinese. Bella's car pulled up, Bella was holding her shoes over her shoulder, her over shirt gone. She was laughing. "Hello?" She came in while only Angela and a guy were in sight taking the car she had driven over. "What happened?" "Well as soon as we got there, Angela went at jello shots, so I was made to be the sober one, I had two beers. Jessica took home some guy, home, in a taxi. Ben was there, so he is drive Ang." She huffedm and thew her shoes on the floor. "You look tired." "My feet hurt, my thong is so far up my ass. My head is pounding." She sat on the couch, putting her feet on dad. "To much info mother!" Emmett yelled she rolled her eyes. "In the morning, We are going to the school to nget you registered. Then to get what you will need." "Angela, my freind this year is being tranfered to high school, she is teaching english," "I'm hungry." Bella went to the kitchen and dad followed. Then they ran up the stairs. We went to the small school that morning. "Ah. Ms. Swan," The secretary kissed both her cheeks "Mrs. Cullen now." "Right the wedding. So what can I do for you today?" "I need to register my step children." "Do you have the paper work from the old schools, birth certifactes and gardian ship." Bella took out the envolope mom gave her. "Fill out this paper work." Bella took the clipboard, and wrote on it. "Emmett, Mary and Edward," She read over the paper work "Alice," Bella corrected, not looking up. "Alright now, just come pick up the papers, monday morning and you can start," Bella took us shoping all day. "We are having people over for diner dress please, Emmett will you help me in the kitchen." "Dress in what?" "Alice, a dress or skirt. Boys collars or button downs black pants." Emmett followed ehr to the kitchen and I found a dress, it was black to my knees but at the bust it went nude. When I went down the hall music was playing inBella's room. "Bella?" "Come in I cant decide what to wear." She was in a huge closet. Wearing underwear and a bra. "The blue one," I pointed out. "I think I will." She slid it on, It was perfet on her. She went down and cooked with Emmett, Dad got home, changed and we waited for our guests. They came in a black SUV. "Look at your tie." Bella fixed it then flipped her hair. Then they got the door. "Riley, Victoria." I heard dad, then Bella and her signature kisses on both cheeks. "There she is Bree." Bella's voice carried "Come meet our children." They were nice, "Thats the I want a baby face." The man looked at Bella and There kid Bree. "No Bella is fine," "Look at her, she wants a baby she knows you dont so she wont say anythin ever but she does. Hell that might be the I'm pregnant face when Vic found out she was all over babies then she told me." I heard him tell dad. They were pretty cool Bella was all over the baby, They left and we went to our room, well the boys came to my room. Talking about starting school in two days, "You knew that when you said I do," Dad yelled "You cant expect me to understand that Carlisle!" She screamed "You said you understood. You were giving up to be with me, you said there was nothing you would rather do, or be! If I remember." "Right, People change Carlisle! I love you more than anything in this whole world, but god Carlisle, I want a child. I want to have life inside of me. I want to wake up at three in the morning and change a diaper!" "Please Bella listen yourself." "Dont fucking touch me carlisle!" "Bella," "Dont you dare, enjoy the couch." I heard her storm up the ssairs then her door slam. "Bella please baby." I heard dad whisper "Go away, Carlisle.