some of them regarded me with interest, others with distrust. "Hey." I said, stuffing my hands in my pockets as nerves got a hold of me. "What are you doing down here?" The girl with the red hair asked. "I uh—" "She's with me." I heard from behind me. Edward had just made it down, before walking around me, and sitting down. He motioned to a seat next to him, and I looked at him, nodding. "This is Bella." The red haired girl looked at me with disdain before glaring the other way. The man with the long greasy blonde hair hadn't taken his eyes off me since I got down here, an almost hungry look in them. "What happens down here, stays down here." I heard Jasper say, as he assessed me. "If you aren't cool with that, then you can leave now. If that's fine, then welcome." "That won't be a problem. I'm fort Nox of shit no one will ever know." I said. The others regard me with a little less hostility then, before some of them nod. "Just realize, Bella, that if anyone were to find out of the activities of tonight, we would know exactly who to look for." The Italian man said. "I promise I won't say a word." I said quietly. Edward then clears his throat. "Now that we have that settled, lets get to it already." He grins. Jasper looks at me, then pulls out a bag of weed and rolls a joint. I scoff a little to myself. This is what they are being so secretive about? Fucking Pot? Seriously? They light up, and pass the joint around. I take a hit when it gets to me, and I end up sputtering and coughing on it. Some of them laugh at me, and I stick my middle finger up at them. After a few joints have gone around, and we have all had a few drinks, I am feeling pretty damned good. The high mixed with the drunk has the world fuzzy and slightly spinning. I hear another bag as the Italian one I have come to find is named Marcus pulls out a bag filled with a white powder. I cock my eyebrow at it curiously before glancing at Edward. He assesses me, and then glances at the bag a moment before shaking his head. "Next time." Is all he said. Then I realized, he was only going to let me try the pot. He probably thought I was a light weight. "What is it?" I say quietly to him "Coke. Next time. I am guessing you have never even smoked pot before. I don't think it's a good idea to mix your first time." He said. James, the guy with the greasy blonde hair smirks a little. "Why not? I think it will be fun. You wanted to show her a good time, right? This is the best time." Edward lets out a low growl at him. "I said No, not this time. Jasper, why don't you roll up another joint for Bella, so she has something to do while we have this." "Sure man", he grins, before shooting me a small smile. I sighed a little, but took it for what it was. Someone actually looking out for me, for once. It was fucked up that it was people doing drugs who were the first ones to look out for me, but I appreciated it. I immediately felt a certain loyalty. Hours later, we could hear the music turning off as the house got much quieter. Everyone had sniffed several lines of coke, and some had done some other stuff that I didn't know what it was. Edward and Jasper kept me to liquor and weed though. "We should head out. Looks like Crowley is closing the party down." Jacob, the guy from the res said. "Yeah. Bella, you gonna be okay getting home?" he asked, staring at me. I wasn't sure honestly. I was more drunk than I had ever been, and the world just felt spinny and off kilter. The high just intensified the drunk. However, even if I didn't make it home, honestly I was probably safer wherever I ended up than at home. "Yeah, I'll be fine." I said, giving him a small smile. "Thanks though." "Alright. Catch ya Monday." He said before getting up. Jasper gave me a hug as he got up, and followed Edward out. I blinked, suddenly overwhelmed. It was brief, and purely to make me feel welcome, but it was some of the first positive physical attention I had had in years. We all filed out after that, and left to go to our respective homes. I knew from that moment on, that no matter what, I would see them again. I didn't care about the drugs. I wanted the acceptance. They were almost familial. I wanted that. I craved it. So I know there was another story that I promised I was starting on, that I haven't even begun to post yet. I Actually wanted to completely redo what I have already done on that, but for now, things are so chaotic around here, I was craving some uber angst again. This Story is going to be a bit of a stretch for me, because I have never written about drug abuse or anything like that. I have done my research on it, but this is a new subject. I also do love me a good Evil Charlie. I don't know why, but it is still one of my favorite things. However, though it is an important plot element, this is not the main plot of this story. I look forward to reviews! Also, if anyone wants to beta for me, that would be amazing, because I find sometimes if I sit there and edit a lot, I lose my flow, and it takes me awhile to get it back. Anyone interested, just PM me. ^-^ Have fun!