"I love you more than life itself. There is nothing in this world that I want more than you. And if it means I have to walk away from music, I will do that. Because that success means nothing if I've failed you." Tears have formed in his eyes and are slowing running down his cheeks. "And as for my sister… you have to understand, even if you walk away from me today, things between her and I are not going to be the same. I won't be able to trust her like I have, won't be able to believe in her. Even if you walk out of my life, I won't be able to just accept her back like everything is fine. "Perhaps one day, I will be able to move on from this, but it won't happen today and not tomorrow either." He is staring so intently into her eyes that he feels lost. "Please don't leave me again, Bella. Please don't walk away from me." Six Months Later…. "Hey, Mom," he answers his cell, juggling it and his acoustic guitar while trying to keep his attention on the sheet music in front of him. He's been stuck dumb with an idea and has found his brain is working faster than his hands are able. And with another tour coming up in only a few months, he needs to get his newest album out soon. " Hi, honey," she begins, her voice warm and just what a mother should sound like. "I just wanted to call and let you know Jess had a little boy." His pencil freezes over the paper, his thought gone. Taking a moment, he swallows, breathes. "Oh yeah. What's his name?" " Samuel Edward ," his mother responds. "He's quite perfect. All ten fingers and toes. And the darkest eyes. Think they're going to be brown like his father's." He inhales steadily before releasing the breath slowly. After Angela and Ben's reception, Edward didn't speak to Jessica for a few months. He couldn't get past her betrayal. And his parents almost didn't either until she announced she was nearly four months pregnant in a moment of desperation. Turns out, the father was an independent rocker named Liam that Jessica met while the tour was playing a show in London. Jessica and Liam had hung out the entire time the tour was there, and had slept together. When it was time for the tour to move on, Liam had already moved on to the next girl and pretended Jessica didn't even exist. Jessica had been furious. And jilted. No man had ever blatantly humiliated her like that before and it made her angry. In her anger, Bella became her target. Every single bit of fury became directed at Bella and all the ways Jessica had decided Bella was destroying his life. Because he had loved Bella so fiercely, while Jessica was abandoned by Liam immediately, Jessica took offense. She'd always had a sense of self-entitlement brought on by their affluent upbringing, and decided to push someone she deemed "less than" away. No matter the price. Their parents had been horrified at the lengths Jessica had gone to get her revenge. And were even more tormented over the idea that their daughter's upbringing was somewhat responsible for her view on life and people since they always tended to spoil their children because they could. In the end though, because they wanted to know their grandchild, they formed a tumultuous relationship with Jessica. She wasn't forgiven, not by a long shot, but she was not completely banished either. He was the only one who couldn't move past his twin's actions. And while he was happy to hear of a healthy birth, and knowing one day he'd very much love to meet his nephew, he just wasn't there yet. "That's good to hear, mom," he responds softly. "I'll send you some pictures later." "That'd be great." He lays his guitar down just as the door to his home studio opens. His heart skips a beat as he watches Bella walk toward him, a small smile on her face. "Listen, tell Jess… tell her congratulations. I'll talk to you guys later. Love you." "She had the baby?" Bella asks as she moves to stand in front of him. He nods which prompts her to ask the gender and name. "A boy. He has a good strong name." "Yeah, she gave him my name." He nuzzles her stomach with a smile, as her fingers slide through his hair. "I know what you're thinking. And one day, it'll happen. I just can't get past it quite yet." She's been a saint in regards to his sister. While she'll never be able to get over what occurred, Bella didn't want him to lose his sister, even if they only became acquaintances, she still wanted that for him. He fingers her engagement ring and the solid gold ban that matches his own. It took more than a month of Bella needing time to think and trust again. And once that time was gone, they tried dating again only to find that they were so tired of the wait. A quick elopement to Vegas solved that problem and made him the happiest man in the world. "One day." "That's good. I never had any cousins growing up. I'd hate for our little one to grow up the same." "Cousins?" he asks looking up at her. There's a secret in her eyes, one that makes his heart completely melt. "Oh God, Bella. Thank you. Thank you for giving me another chance, for giving me this gift." He nuzzles her belly again, taking reverance in the life growing inside her now. "I wouldn't have been able to stay away." "I love you so fucking much." "I love you too." End A little angsty, but nothing too deep. Let me know what you thought! Thanks! : ) Song credit: When I Was Your Man by Bruno Mars