begged him as her body began to quake. As Isabella rode out the orgasm my husband was giving her, I watched him crash his mouth to hers, before his hips jerked hard and then forceful, as he spilled his seed deep into her. I watched the way they looked at each other after their session was over. Rather than roll away, Edward stayed buried inside her, their mouths slowly moving against each other as tiny tremors rode through their bodies. I left the room as fast as I could. Edward didn't come home that night. When he showed up the following day, I asked him where he was. "I stayed at the Inn," he answered. "And yes, I was alone." We grew further apart after that. I don't know what I was expecting. No, that's not true. I thought if Edward slept with Isabella he would be done with her and want me again. All I did was make him resent me. I learned he no longer went to New Moon with Emmett and Jazz. I learned that rather than turning him on, like that video had, and have it directed at me, all it did was make him crave her. She had been forbidden. She had been a fantasy. She was only a dream. I made her a reality. It's been nearly a year since that night. Edward filed for divorce from me a month after it happened. When he asked me why I thought it was a good idea, I told him I wanted to spice up our sex life. I told him I wanted to make him desire me. In the end, I realized for all the work I'd put in to trying to make him want me, I never really communicated that I thought we were having trouble. I just threw situations at him without explanation. And he didn't know what to make of most of my ideas. He told me he cared for me, that he married me for a reason. But because I wouldn't talk to him about anything, wouldn't tell him what I liked and didn't like, wouldn't let him in, he thought everything was fine. He wasn't a mind reader, he reminded me. He didn't watch the porn because it was what he wanted. He didn't go to the clubs at first because those girls were what he wanted. They were just stimuli. They were just something he did or watched because it took his mind off work. And I was never one for too adventurous and he didn't want to push my boundaries too far. So he fantasized and that was it. But then things became strange with me. And Isabella started working at New Moon. She listened to him. She gave him tips on how to make his marriage work. And even though he did want to sleep with her, and did find her attractive mentally as well as physically, he was perfectly fine having never known what she felt or tasted like. "She would have been one of those 'if you ever get the chance with a celebrity' type thing. It was never going to be real. I was okay with that." But I pushed it. And I let it be real. I don't really hang out with the same people I did when I was with Edward, though I work with Jasper's wife. As it turns out, we really were not that suitable of a match. And something that started out as friends with benefits, really shouldn't have progressed further. But I pushed for it. It wasn't right, but with as much as he was working toward, Edward was happy to have a warm body at his disposal, and he thought I felt the same about him. I should have wanted more for myself. But I foolishly thought I wanted him and that one day, he'd want me the same, so I let myself make it so. He left me the house. I heard he lives closer to work. I heard he lives with Isabella. They didn't see each other right away. And he never went back to New Moon – or so Alice, Jasper's wife tell me – but, he saw her one day, several months later, as he was getting off work. She'd injured her arm somehow in class, I guess she was studying to be a chef, and was heading to the ER. While he wasn't assigned to that department, Edward helped her out. Things were awkward at first. I mean how do you go from watching someone dance naked for you, to fucking them in front of your wife and have everything be normal? She doesn't strip anymore. I guess she works at some bookstore while she finishes up her degree. Can't be a doctor's anything if you're a stripper. And clubs don't really approve of the dancers dating the customers. His parents love her. Even with her colorful past. I hear they're set to be married in the fall of next year, after she's graduated. He makes time for her. She demands things of him. She tells him what she wants, what she likes and doesn't like. She makes him pay attention and respect her. In turn, they love each other. They love each other more than we loved each other. But I can't be mad at him. I made this bed. I still rest in it. I don't know what I was thinking when I brought it up. I don't know what could have pushed these thoughts into my head that made me think this would be a good idea. But here I am. Broken. Alone. Empty. And it's all my fault. Okay. So, what did you think? Not what I'd usually write. But like I said, I saw this gif on Tumblr and it got me thinking about a story. This was what came from that. Please drop me a review to let me know what you thought! Thanks : )