the powerful climax he just gave me. As I stand up, I feel his warmth between my legs, beginning to leak. I hurry to pull my thong back on, catching our juices in the thin fabric. Smoothing my dress back down my hips, I see him staring at me. "When we go back in there, I'm gonna know." "Know what?" "That you're full of me. That sitting in that chair, it's my come inside you." I blink at him and feel my arousal spike again. But he's not finished. "Knowing that when you leave with him tonight, when he takes you home and wants to be with you that it's me he's feeling. And never knowing about." For the first time since we started these trysts a year ago, a flash of sadness crosses his face. "It won't be this way forever," I tell him and his eyes snap to mine in shock. "What do you mean?" "I filed for divorce last week. He just hasn't received the paperwork yet." Inhaling sharply, he looks at me intently. "Why now?" I shrug. "I'm bored. I know in the grand scheme of things it doesn't excuse my behavior. But I am. He doesn't satisfy me anymore. Maybe he never really did but he doted and the attention was enough to make up for it. I need excitement. He doesn't want to do anything that isn't set to a schedule." "Why me?" "Why not you?" He laughs. We don't really have time to be having this discussion. "You could have picked anyone to cheat with. Why his twin brother?" "Because you excite me. You understand the life I lead. And to be honest, in the time I've spent getting to know you, I know how good we really are together." He steps forward, caging me in. "Will you let him have you tonight?" As thrilling as the idea had sounded when he spoke of it while buried inside me, knowing that the man I'm married to was feeling the lust of another man is exciting, I wouldn't be able to do it. I may be a horrible person for my actions, but I'm not completely cruel. "I wouldn't do that to you. I never have," I admit softly before his lips crash against mine. I taste myself on him and want him once more. But again, we don't have time. "Me either. I haven't been with anyone else since we started," he admits and it's so quiet I wonder if he's embarrassed by that. Pulling away, I smile up at him. "You go in first. He thinks I take forever in the bathroom anyhow so it's easier for me to lie." With a nod he pulls back and begins to head back into the restaurant. Reaching the door though, he stops and looks at me. "Hey, Bella?" "Yes, Edward?" "I…I love you. I know this isn't the best time for me to tell you this, since I'm pretty sure we're about to create a pretty big shitstorm, but I needed you to know. In case…" "In case what?" "In case you change your mind." It's interesting to see him like this. Unsure, quiet, questioning. The Eddie Masen the world knows him as is powerful, sexy, so sure of himself. But the Edward Cullen I know is sweet and perfect. "I love you too. And I won't. Change my mind, I mean." With a final nod, he walks back inside and I move to return as well. The wetness is pooling and I wonder idly how much of a mess I'm about to make on such an expensive piece of furniture at the table. Probably less than life is about to become. Husband I watch them both walk away from the table, her to the restroom and him wherever he can smoke and pull out my phone. There's a text waiting for me. Hey baby, I'm so sorry about what today is. Call me if you need anything xoxo! I smile as I push call. "Hey baby," she says in a purr, making me cock twitch. "I didn't think you'd be calling tonight." "She's in the bathroom and he's somewhere smoking." I make a face at that. I don't know why Edward took up the habit. And it doesn't matter how many times I tell him it's not a good one. But he never listens to me. "It could be a while." "Oh. How are you doing?" "I'm okay. May need to see you if after dealing with this dinner." "Why?" "They've spent the whole time talking about their careers. I always knew Isabella was a free spirit, but I thought that after she'd grow out of it. He's just putting ridiculous idea in her head." "I'm sorry, Jasper." "It's okay. I've got you." "Yeah you do. You still coming to see me tomorrow at lunch?" "Of course. I wouldn't miss my Alice time for anything." I smile at her giggle and my heart swells. "Isabella doesn't know about the divorce papers yet, but they should be delivered this week," I tell her and hear her swoony sigh. "Then we can stop this two year old secret and be together for real." "I can't wait baby." "Me either," I whisper. Then I notice him walking back to the table, looking a little rumpled. "Alice, I'll see you tomorrow." I hang up just before my brother returns to the table. He's got a smile on his face he did not have when he left. "What's put you in such a good mood?" Isabella returns to the table just as he answers. "The future." Well, there you have it. OOC for sure, but like I said, it may become full-length. Also I just wanted to let everyone know I do have a new book coming out that I'm self-publishing under the name Delilah Frost . The book is titled The Bitter and is part one of two. Look for it on Amazon now for pre-order. Thanks!