problem, that's what friends do." Bruno came off stage and wrapped Michelle in a hug. "You two were great out there. The crowd loved you." She smiled up at him before taking the sunglasses off to hand them back. Kim moved to help the guys with some of the equipment they had. Smiling as she watched Michelle blush as Bruno shook his head and gently put the glasses back into her hands. "Keep them." She could only nod as the guys started talking about partying the rest of the night away. After her and Kim helped to make sure all the band's instruments and equipment were packed away. They drove over to the Hard Rock Cafe where a friend of Bruno's was having a party. Meeting Bruno and the guys at the door they smiled in excitement as they heard the beat of the music from inside. Once inside they mingled with the people, the girls danced and drank. Sometime during the party Michelle had kicked off her stilettos and placed them near a booth. Mike had teased her about being short. Which she teased back that she didn't need to grow anymore that obviously she was seen as perfect and didn't need to add the extra height. Only those who haven't reached perfection continued to grow. That caused the others around them to laugh. By the time the party was over Michelle and Kim were a little tired and sore, but they enjoyed the night. Michelle had teased Edward who had showed up with Bella on his arm. She had met the lead guy from that Dusk Falling movie, and few of his co-stars. She swore up and down that Edward looked just like Thomas Worthington, who played Evan Star in the film. Of course he disagreed saying the guy was a goof, which she replied with, really and you're not. The party had died down, a few had left already to go crash another party. Kim was heading to get the car as she went to collect her shoes and to say goodbye to Bruno. She was happy that she had caved and came out tonight with Kim, she had made new friends. Met a couple of celebrities and models, and had joked around with said celebrities and models. Kim laughed when she said she had some how got Thomas Worthington's number. She smiled to herself as she thought of the playful banter she had with his co-star and brother in Dusk Falling, Jason Stone. Not to mention the beauty tips she got from Andrej Pejic. She didn't care what anyone said that model was one beautiful being. "Penny for your thoughts?" She jumped a bit, and turned startled by Bruno. He stood leaning against a booth, a smirk tugging at his full lips. "Um I was just thinking I had a really good time tonight. Thank you so much for the invite to the party and for letting me sing with you." He chuckled as he pushed away from the booth. He tugged gently on a strand of her hair before tucking it back behind her ear. "It was a pleasure to sing with you." He leaned forward and kissed her gently on the cheek and her eyes fluttered closed. She hummed just a bit before opening her eyes again as she felt his body heat leave her. "Mmmm it was quite the pleasure indeed." Her eyes widened as she clapped a hand over her mouth. He chuckled before pulling her hand away from her mouth. "Don't do that, I like the fact that you don't filter yourself in front of me." She nodded and smiled up at him. "So I hope to see you around, I know you're a busy guy but here's my number if you ever get any free time. 555-731-1984." She watched as he programed her number into his phone. "You don't have to call I mean I guess I should have asked if you wanted to call before I gave you my number-" She stopped rambling as she heard her phone beep with a text. She looked down and opened the message. You're cute when you ramble like that. B~ She huffed and looked up at Bruno's smiling face. He leaned forward and kissed her other cheek. Her cheeks heating at the contact of his lips. He pulled away and smiled again. "I wouldn't have programed your number if I wasn't going to call it." She heard Kim calling her name, gathering her shoes in one hand, she darted forward and kissed his cheek. Stumbling back a little she gave him a smile before turning to head to the the door. Stopping just a bit she glanced back over her shoulder to see him still standing there. "See you around Bruno, and Happy Holidays." She winked and hurried out the door only to be met with Kim smirking at her. "Did my eyes deceive me or did I see you give Bruno a sweet little kiss on the cheek?" Seeing Michelle blush, she cackled. "Oh you naughty girl you." "Shut it Kimmy." She opened her door and slid into the seat just as Kim slid into the driver seat. She turned and gave Michelle a wicked grin as she turned on the radio and Holiday Jam came on. "Oh this is good, you know I should surprise you more. After all I've never seen you blush so much in one night. Forget Rudolph, Santa should call you up to lead his sleigh tonight, with your cheeks glowing a red so bright." She flipped Kim off as she sang along to Holiday Jam , a smile tugging at her lips all the way home. So I was hit by a evil muse, funny thing is, is she didn't know she was a muse until I was a few hundred words in. Anyway this is just to give some Holiday cheer to everyone. Hope everyone has a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.