my face broke my spine You're stolen my innocence through all your shams my heart pleads you shall all be damned Obscuritatem pestilentiam et malum - miseria et dolor tecum Run cause I'll trace you I'll chase you I will face you then I will erase you Sweet revenge for all the things you've done to me Run cause I'll bait you give it straight to you I will break you devastate you Sweet revenge for what you've done to me You've shattered my plans all my dreams have be slained you sent all my hopes down the drain You think that you've still got my heart on a string - sweet revenge is still waiting in the wings Obscuritatem pestilentiam et malum - miseria et dolor tecum Run cause I'll trace you I'll chase you I will face you then I will erase you Sweet revenge for all the things you've done to me Run cause I'll bait you give it straight to you I will break you devastate you Sweet revenge for what you've done to me Obscuritatem pestilentiam et malum - miseria et dolor tecum Run cause I'll trace you I'll chase you I will face you then I will erase you Sweet revenge for all the things you've done to me Run cause I'll bait you give it straight to you I will break you devastate you Sweet revenge for what you've done to me Sweet revenge-kyrpteria "Goodbye Volterra, Drive safe and buy my upcoming album 'Vampires Suck Werewolf'" the amused look on papas face made my day but the rest of the vampires where ether talking or laughing there ass off -daddy meet me in the Hotel Room -I can't sweetie the Volturi caught me -bring them with you. They need to know about me soon or later. Might as well make soon more than later. -ISABELLA! -Don't Isabella me daddy you know they're going to learn about me when Aro touches Edward Cullen. Please just save me the trouble. -*sigh* fine…I'm just trying to keep you from the trouble that is going to come with all of this. -daddy you've practically trained me like I'm one of your guards I'm prepared I'm more vampire than I am human. Know get moving I'm not getting any younger -watch your language young lady *growls* -EEEPPP sorry daddy I'll wait *whimpers* I didn't really realize I had talked for so long until I realized just where I was. God this never gets old you start a conversation in one place and then poff your in another in knowing my daddy it would only be a matter of time so off to the shower. I set out my Dagger – Black Mojo Moxy boots, leather pants, button less polo shit so I can just tie it under my lil girls, and my with and blue lace bra and under ware set the I head to the shower and am done and five minutes, god I love being mostly vampire. As I was walking out since I grabbed the wrong on. I didn't notice the really scary looking Volturi guards or the death glare my father was sending my way as I walked to the shirt that I left out here and put it on and tied under my tits. Turned around and froze "uh-oh" "Uh-oh is right young lady" daddy hissed "you better have a damn good explanation" "Oh calm down Ares, your acting like you're the human's father." I coughed up the disgusting shit humans call milk and started chocking on the food I was forcing myself to eat that they call cookies. Father looked worried and walked over to me saw what I was doing and then he roared with laughter I was of course still coughing I finely calmed down enough to ask "you didn't tell them daddy" I asked I heard gasps come from everyone in the room and then growls next thing I now daddy was in front of me growling "really you people are going to make the humans think I'm having a party with a bunch of rabid dogs!" I yell not really recognizing what I just said until my father went really ridged. "You told her." Yelled a tough ass looking guy that I would have mistaken as Emmet only this guy was much better on the eyes and yes he could be called a guy. Where Emmet was a boy in a muscle man's body. -let me deal with this one daddy "Actually Edward Cullen told me "I said with a smirk knowing what position this was going to put that jack ass " but if you really want to get all technical I already knew Because Ares is my biological father. But at the time that Edward told me I was doing some shit or another for my father since the Olympic Coven would recognize him so he sent me in his place the journals are in the black duffle bag." I finished all business like my father taught me, I looked over to him and he looked proudly at me with a small smile on his lips. "Wait wait wait, so let me get this straight you're his biological daughter, while you were undercover posing as a human Edward Cullen told you what he was while you were undercover for your father. Am I wrong?" he asked looking at me as if I were a retard I sighed "no your right" I growled really not like this man he was being a douche bag I wonder if he got that way because of his rank "BELLA!" yelled my father I shit I did it again "Yes daddy" I asked timidly then as an afterthought "you aren't going to punish me again by making me eat that disgusting human food are you.." I cry out looking at him with the please-ill-do-whatever-you-want-just-don't-make-me -do-that look My father starts to laugh "daddy" I beg he laughs harder great I broke him