month, then once a week. Not only was Tyler having to compete for her time with her PR work but he now had to also compete with the men in her life. The whole situation struck too close to home with me and I brought it up with her one night. That was the first night she spoke to me as my employer and I had immediately realized my place. We were friends yes, but I was first and foremost Tyler's nanny. That had been six months ago. Now it seemed she went out every time she was free. My Sundays were no longer dedicated to me but to Tyler since his mother typically slept out on weekends. She had started seeing someone new about two months back, claiming she was in love. Claiming that she had found Tyler a new father. I hoped for both their sakes that she was right. The sound of keys in the door broke me out of my reverie. I looked over and the clock and notice that it's 1:57am. She's home. I wonder if she had a good time, I wonder if I'll be able to get Saturday off. I have that stupid paper to hand in and exams to begin studying for but if she keeps this up I'll never get anything done and I'll flunk out. Then all would be in vain. I walk towards the kitchen deciding now was as good a time as any to tell her about my requests. It's then that I notice she's not alone and I immediately regret my decision. I turn to leave but, as usual, trip on the corner of the rug and she hears me. "Bella? What are you doing up so late?" "I'm so sorry Rose. Just pretend I wasn't here." I'm sure my face is beet red by now. "It's fine. You didn't answer my question though. It's really late and you have class in the morning?" just then her extremely buff friend clears his throat as though seeking acknowledgement. She blushes and hurriedly introduces him as Emmett Cullen. "Nice to meet you Emmett." "You too Isabella." Oh, he's so polite and soft spoken. Not at all what I'd expect from the looks of him. "Please, call me Bella. Only Phil ever called me Isabella and that's not a good thing." He looks at me, clearly puzzled. Great, way to divulge too much information Bella. I blush and tell him to ignore anything that I'm saying because clearly my brain has shut off for the night. This always happen whenever I meet a handsome man but of course I can never admit such a thing to Rosalie Hale's boyfriend. For one she'll string me alive for even looking at him like that and secondly she is my boss, talk about off limits. "I was just coming to ask you something but I can tell you're busy so it can wait. Again sorry for disturbing you, good night." "Good night Bella" they say in unison as I trudge off to my room. I thank my lucky stars she had the foresight to soundproof the walls or no one would be getting sleep tonight. I drift off to sleep immediately and the dream picked up where it left off and I am grateful for the second time in one night. *BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP* Drat. It's time to wake up. I feel as though I've been hit over the head with a brick and I know that it's because I've only had three hours sleep. I drag myself off the bed and shower quickly and head off to make Tyler's cereal. I go to his room and carry him to the kitchen and feed him. As he's almost finished eating Rose and her Adonis enter the room smiling at each other. She picks up Tyler, cleans him off and turns and introduces him to Emmett. They immediately take to each other, much faster than with me, and Emmett turns into a child right in front my eyes. I begin to see his appeal to Rose, other than his physical of course. I leave and head to my room to get ready for class. ~x~x~x~x~x~ I get home and notice Emmett's car is still in the driveway. Go Rose! As I open the door I hear Tyler giggling excitedly and I head into the living room to find him in Emmett's vice grip. "Hey Bella!" he booms at me. Huh. What happened to his soft spoken tone from last night? Was I imagining that? "Hi." Great. My stupid awkwardness and social ineptitude is back full force. Yippee for me. "Where's Rose?" I ask knowing that if anything he would be the one to have that information. "She went to pick up my brother from the airport. They have some business to conduct but they'll be coming here right after" he informs me. Oh he has a brother? I wonder if he looks anything like him, or if he's single? With my luck he'll either be a fugly excuse for a human being with no manners and terrible habits. Somehow I can't believe that that's true. Or maybe he'll be blissfully married with about three kids. That seems more likely. Just great. "Would you like something to eat? I can fix you something if you like?" "That would be great Bella." Two hours later I hear Rose's car pull up and two doors slam close. A few minutes after that and the front door was closed as well. I walk to the front room and notice no one but the green eyed, copper haired Adonis of my dreams standing in the flesh right in front of me and, in true Bella form, I blush and faint. This chapter was posted earlier on but I noticed some discrepancies so I edited it and here is the finished product. Ignore it if you already read it, if you didn't welcome. Let me know what you think!