"What is wrong it is kindergarden be happy!" "But, My teacher said, that I should not thing girls are pretty!" "Baby, i think you are pretty, I think alot of people are pretty." her mom whispered "Bella age eight," "Jacob you can't do that!" "Why not!" "Because I don't like boys, I think girls are very pretty. I don't marry a boy! I want to marry a girl!" "Bella you cant do that! Then you cant have a baby!" Racheal stated. she was like eleven "Why not! Mommy says that when people love eachother that they have a baby." "Well see Bella and Jacob we have things to explain." Rebecca's voice came behind the camera. "What!" Jacob gaspeed "Its called sex," Racheal looked around "Whats that?" "Well see boys have a penis and girls have a vaginia, so sex is when a boy puts his penis in a girl vagina." Racheal explained and Bella's face fell. "What does that have to do with being pregnant?" "Well, boys have sperm and girls have eggs. So when you have sex a boy puts sperm in you and you get pregnant. And girls have periods." "They are dots we did does in school." Jacob smiled "No, girls bleed out of their vagina!" Rebecca laughed behind the camera. "Oh no! Oh no! I don't want to be a girl anymore! Where can I get a penis?" "Go tell your daddy and tell him you want to but a strap on so you can have a penis." Racheal laughed Bella ran. "That was bella's sex talk." Ayden's voice laughed. "Daddy says, I can't have one of those. He says you are lying that boys and girls are the same, only we have olng hair and get boobs!" "Oh yea?" "Yea!" "Jacob pull your pants down!" Racheal yells and he does. "Jacob you! You! You have a penis!" Bella yelled "Get it off!" "I will get the sisors come on will tell your mom to cut off," "Thank you Racheal, for your tape." His voice came again. "Bella age ten." "Who are you?" The girl had short hair shaved on one side. I knew her as Emma "I'm Emma and you are?" "None of your buisness!" "Your stupid!" "You know what I think! I think your pretty and I want to kiss you." "To bad! So sad!" She yelled, but Emma kisses her, It makes me mad. "Your a bad kisser." "Oh my baby kissed a girl!" Renee's voice called. "Bella age fourteen," Heather and Bella stood at a locker "You did it didnt you!" "I dont know what your talking about!" "You did it! I know you did, I see!" "What we did was between us." "Wait what! I was talking about you wearing a bra!" "Not my fault I'm a size B dont you know. My mom says I'm not going to be flat chested." "Go away with your camera now!" They yelled at it "I am capturing the moments." More of Bella and them , Bella's driving which made us all realiz, bella drink, bella high. "Rehab Bella comes!" Bella was in a hospitail bed throwing up "Get the fucking camera out of here! It has been three days okay my withdraws make me want to throw up everywhere." "We are here to drive you to rehab." They got in a car. a medical building was what showed up. "Have fun doll! Ninty day! Get clean! Be strong!" They yelled "Ten says she gets kicked out," The the camera went off. 'Turn to Disck 2' "Bella what are you doing?" it was a younger Bella in what looked like a closet in a pink tutu and a ballerina bun "I suck." "You do not suck." Renee's voice laughed "I'm gunna screw up!" She sobbed, "Just do it when you practice close your eyes and it will all go away." Next she was dancing. Most of the kids were off, and doing different things, Bella was in the middle gracefully dancing. More of Bella through the years. Then Emma and Bella. A song came on, Same love. The dance was on a stage, Bella was half dressed, in nothing more than a flimsy dress, Emma in a pair of leggings. There were a few spots that were a bit bad, not bad provocitive sexual. Bella was a terific dancer. she danced like magic, Always in the air some how. "Hey million dollar baby!" A girl yelled, Bella kissed her. "France." Aydens voice announced "England," "New york" "California." Each time was another girl. I was supprised what came up. It was Bella and I ate the beach, the night of the bonfire. She was on my back in the water. Then another, we were facing eachother, laughing. We looked in love. A screen shot. 'Big stuff Heather! I think I'm in love. I just met the girl, she ran into me at the beach. Wow, like I can't even explain. She is geprous, native. Her skin is perfect russet, her hair short, it just looks so soft and silky. She is tall, I have a thing for tall. The way she wouched me, just my arm. Her eyes they are amost black and I got lost in them. I can't begin to discribe her! Her legs are a mile long. She has muscles. I have never ever felt that way andI just looked at the girl.' I sat by Bella for two weeks, Her friends went home with a promise from me to call them. I never left her. I had my head lightly on her stomach, careful, because all the stitches. I feel her breathing change. She takes a deep labored breath not the slow steady ones. I pull back to look at her eyes closing tightly. I press the nurse button. She sees what I'm seeing and leaves the room, I guess to get a doctor. "Hey baby." She opened her eyes to look at me like she hadnt heard what I said.