Chief Swan and over concerned parent. Once his cup is filled he leans against the counter. His brown eyes are hard and non-warming nothing like I am used to. Has Charlie finally reached his limit in the things he is going to condone? There is only so much a man will take from his daughter and sneaking off in the wee hours in the morning doing god knows what isn't one of them. "So you want to tell me why I woke this morning to an empty house," He asks as he takes a sip from his coffee. The message is clear, tell me the truth or else. "Edward and I broke up." Charlie nods like it all makes sense. "So I'm guessing you came home to pack a bag and storm off in a whirl of teenage emotions, leaving me here to pick up the pieces?" I flinch from his comment, its worse than being smacked. Did I really come off as that immature when I left here? It never crossed my mind that Charlie would actually suffer emotionally from my departure. "No," I wrap my hands around my torso to keep the underlying pain at bay. "Then what, Isabella," He shouts at me as he slams his coffee mug down. Brown liquid stains his white shirt and falls on the floor. The offending liquid rolls down the cracks in the tile going to an unknown destination. "Isabella!" "I don't know," And its true I don't know what to do. He looks at me in disgust. "How can one boy have this much control over you? You are my daughter, I raised you to think on your own, logically too. But, god help me, if you aren't acting like your ditzy mother. You're just like her and it scares me." "Excuse me?" "You heard me. You are turning into your haired brained mother. I've kept my mouth shut; stupid of me I see that now, because that boy made you happy. Even when you decided to take him back for some unfathomable reason, I kept my mouth shut. But you listen to me and you listen to me good. If you think you are going to sit around here depressed over some boy that was controlling and had complete disregard towards your opinion you have lost your goddamn mind. Cry, moan and groan but you will get over it. Because if you don't you're going to live with you mother. And that's after you get over this little obsession." I snap. "Its not an obsession, I love him!" "Isabella, do you even know what it means to love someone romantically? No? Well, let me give you an idea. When you love someone you give them room to grow. When you love someone you allow for them to make their own choices. When you love someone you respect their opinion. When you love someone you don't turn them into a nonfunctioning person when you aren't around! You weren't in love with Edward, maybe the idea of him, not him. You couldn't love him because you don't love yourself." "Is that what you think of me?" I whisper my pain becoming unbearable. "Yeah, I love you Bells honestly I do. And part of being a father is knowing your child. When you got here, you weren't a teenager; you were an adult because you took care of your mother. Because you were forced to grow up so much, it ruined your image of yourself. You were never comfortable in your skin much more so when you were with Edward. You worshipped the ground he walked on because you deemed yourself unworthy-" "Like you did with mom," I shout jumping out of my chair tear streaming down my face. Charlie looks at me as if I lost my mind. "I never thought I wasn't good enough for your mom. Part of loving her unconditionally was realizing that we weren't good enough for each other that's why allowed for her to go. But Isabella, when you come to your senses you will see that your relationship with Edward was bullshit from the beginning." I shake my head and turn on my heels. Charlie has lost his mind. He should have comforted me not sat there judged me. Now he tells me how to cope with my break up when he did worse when mom left? He can feed me all that loving unconditional bullshit but it doesn't erase the fact that he still is a middle aged bachelor because he is in love with Renee. "Oh, and Bells, leave your keys, you either get dropped off in the cruiser or carpool," I nod without turning around and stalk up the stairs to my room. My life has just spiraled down the drain in a night. How can one accident cause so much heartache? And to top it off, no one gets it. Edward left me! Why isn't as earth shattering to everyone else? Maybe I was the fool for believe that he was going to wait for me. Why wait for an eighteen year old nobody when you can have any human you want? The day passes in a blur. Charlie leaves for work without saying anything, not that it mattered much. We aren't even on cordial basis with one another right now. Its going to be a long time before I can forgive him for treating me the way he did. He should have wiped my tears and told it's going to be okay, not pour salt on an open wound. The night is even more uneventful. Nightmares plague every minute of any sleep I tried to get. Charlie tried to hold me the first time, but I fought him off. He doesn't understand the pain rippling beneath my skin. But to his credit he doesn't leave, he sits in Edward's rocking chair. If possible that makes the nightmares worse, reality sets in. Edward isn't coming back, I am on my own.