see his house was overwhelming. And now his wife was sick as a result. The journey ended for Mary Alice on October thirty-first. No longer able to withstand the strains the sickness had rendered on her body, she succumbed to sleep in her carriage and never awoke. Jasper was overcome with anguish at his bride of nearly twenty years suddenly being torn from him. His heart shattered and rage filled the place it had abandoned. He now understood how his brother had felt at the loss of his child and the beautiful Isabella. He now felt the grief Emmett had fallen upon at the demise of Rosalie. He felt it all and it broke him. Upon reaching the family estate, Jasper stood at the bottom of the steps leading to the porch with hatred in his eyes. He cursed the house for the misery it bestowed upon his family. He cursed it for destroying their happiness and for taking away all they had wanted. As he turned to leave, a single crack could be heard through the trees. And then Jasper felt a pain like no other in the space where his heart should lie. Before he could voice a plea for help, he fell dead where he stood. The story goes that Katherine Isabel Cullen married Mr. Garrett Sloane and they had two beautiful and healthy children, a boy and a girl each. Katherine did not fall to the same fate as her aunt Isabella, nor did she fall victim to the lot of her birth mother. And neither did Garrett succumb to the torment of the men of Katherine's family. It is believed that because Katherine had no desire to see the estate of her family, and thus had never traveled the many miles to view it, she was protected from its misery. Instead she was lucky enough to live out her life next to her husband, seeing grandchildren and great grandchildren come to pass. They say the Cullen family still owns the house that brought about so much heartache. A caretaker has been hired to look after the house as well, since none of the descendants are willing to set foot anywhere near the property. No one knows why the property turned on the family after three generations, but the legend goes that Carlisle Cullen's father, Malachi, was a preacher who liked to dabble in the affairs of the Quileute tribe, the natives in the area. It is said he tried to convert many and as a result the tribe cast a magic on him that followed his family and anyone tied to his family that stepped foot in the house. "That doesn't make any sense." "It makes perfect sense." "That place doesn't look two hundred years old. It barely looks ten." "The story said there is a caretaker who looks after the property. Has been since Edward died." "Come on, Jess, you can't really believe that old house is haunted." She raised her chin in indignation, looking at said house. "Actually, I do." Looking back at the book of " Legends of Forks," Jessica Stanley felt a shiver run through her. Her gaze shifted from the book in her arms, to the massive house in front of her. "I've seen things. There is something not right about this place." "There's no such thing as ghosts." The book was pulled from her arms. "Michael Newton, you give that back!" she shouted, chasing after her boyfriend in front of the large stairwell leading to the front door. But Mike was not to be deterred. He didn't believe at all. "The house was abandoned because sometimes rich people run out of money." "Yeah? This place has been abandoned for over a century. That's a long freaking time," Jessica refuted. "What about the cemetery on the property?" Now that had Mike's attention. Graveyards always freaked him out a little. "What about it?" "It looks old, and everything from this book matches up." Jessica pointed out the dates in the book and then over to the line of headstones just beyond the tree line. "And I looked up that Katherine, and she has great-great-great or something grandchildren living on the east coast. It has to be real." "You just think that because it's Halloween today. Pretty much everything bad happened on that day in that story," Mike laughed. Just then, the sound of a door creaking open broke the silence of the forest. Turning their heads toward the front door, Jessica and Mike froze at the sight before them. The porch seemed to have a glow to it suddenly, and the air around them chilled quickly. "Do you smell that?" Mike asked, his voice barely a whisper. Jessica nodded her head. "Yeah, it smells like…smoke." "Let's get out of here," Mike suggested just as light enveloped the interior of the house. It looked like fire, and the air, chilled only moments before, suddenly grew hot. "Let's get out of here now!" The two teens ran from the house, racing to Mike's car as the sound of an explosion rocked behind them. The force nearly knocked them over and the heat beat at their backs. Jumping into the car, they looked back at the pristine white house, noticing nothing out of the ordinary. There was no more glow on the porch, and there was no heat radiating anywhere. Everything was normal again. "Maybe, um, maybe there is something to that tale," Mike finally admitted once they were back on the road heading toward his house. "Yeah, maybe." Neither of them bothered to turn back. Neither bothered to see the house glow red one more time as four couples, one holding an infant child that never saw life, stood against the railing on the porch, watching them go. Well, there you have it. Like I said, just a little something that popped into my head. I killed every one of the main couples lol. Let me know what you thought, please!? Thank you!