sweet, and I can hear your heart's wet thumps." He turned to look at her. His once dark eyes seem to glow a golden yellow for a moment. Bella clutched at the door handle. It was locked. She could admit that she was scared. "Wh-who are you?" He let out a bark like laugh as he smiled at her. His teeth seemed to be a bit pointier, especially his canines. "You know me, sweet." Bella shook her head. There was something wrong with Paul. His very appearance was changing, becoming almost wolfish. But that can't be right. It's just her eyes playing tricks on her, right? She let out a nervous little giggle. What she wanted to do was silly. But she already had a lot of craziness. She felt she deserved to have a little fun, so why not poke a little fun at Paul. Surely, his features weren't really changing. She was just still under the influence of the poisoned or drugged tea. "Um, Paul, your teeth, they're so big, and your eyes they're so large, and are your ears pointier?" She said with a giggle. He smiled and shook his head like a dog. "Ah, my sweet, the better to see you with, to hear your heart pound, and to chew on all your meaty bits." He growled out the last words, body completely shifting into the wolf as he lunged forward. She let out a scream as the now oversized wolf tore into her chest. One Year Later "Jane, I'm telling you it will be fun. You said you didn't want to do much for Halloween and that we could do whatever I wanted. We're college students now, Jane. You need to live a little. I mean, we get to go to a frat house and visit Aro. What freshmen in college can say they have a cool enough big brother to let them hang out with them at a frat?" Alec asked as he stood by the door. Jane rolled her eyes as she flicked her straw colored blonde hair over her shoulder. "None. I guess we're going to the frat house. Happy now, you little shit?" "Ecstatic." He deadpanned as he ushered her out of the dorm. It didn't take them long to get to the frat house. The noise was overwhelming, but Alec seem to be in his element. He was always the outgoing one of the two. People sometimes couldn't see how they were twins. Where she was light in looks like their mother, her personality dimmed it. While Alec and Aro had dark looks like their father, both of their personalities seem to lighten them. But that was neither here nor there. They made their way through the crowd of people, searching for any sign of their older brother and his friends. Fifteen minutes of searching and Jane was ready to give up and go back to the dorm. That was until Alec yelled out Aro's name. "Alec, Jane? When did you two get here?" Jane shrugged her shoulders and looked around her brother's crammed room. There was a group of guys huddled around the television. Her curiosity piqued, and she moved a little further in the room. "What is that?" Alec asked. "Ah, that my little dude is Shadow's Keep II: Alice's Revenge. The first game was all kinds of crazy, but nothing your main dude Felix couldn't handle." Jane's eyes widened at the name of the game. Shadow's Keep . Where had she heard that name before? "Isn't that the game mentioned with the two missing teens in Forks, Washington. The news lady that interviewed their friends said they all were playing Shadow's Keep , well except the girl. What was her name?" "Isabella Swan. Yeah, I heard about that. Some say they were messing with some heavy stuff and she died so they covered it up, and the guy Paul Lahote is in some mental hospital somewhere remote." A guy with white blonde hair and icy blue eyes said. "Nah, Caius, I heard the two were dating and ran off to elope. They're laying low causing the dad doesn't like the boyfriend." A guy with dark brown hair and light brown eyes said as he looked up from the screen. "Shut it, Demetri!" "Both of you shut it!" Aro snapped, before turning to his little brother and sister a smile plastered on his face. "You two wanna play?" The twins looked at each other and shrugged their shoulders. "Sure." They said at the same time. There was eight groups of dark players. Each group with two players to choose from called Shadows. The Immortals, Wonderlanders, Rippers, Hyde and Jekyll, Grimms, The Royal Court, The Mythics, and The Warlock and Witch. The heroes were three sets of two. The Knight and Maiden, God and Goddess, The Mage's Apprentices. They chose their players with smiles on their faces. That was until the Keeper of Shadows and her pet appeared on the screen. 'Hello, my Shadows, and Heroes. You have entered a dark place you still have time to turn around. Leave before your fate ends the same as mine. There is darkness here beyond your wildest dreams. But if you decide not to heed my warning, then good luck to you, you'll need it. You'll fight for your life as well as those you hold dear.' Everyone was quiet as they stared at the screen. Jane wasn't sure what they were thinking. Since the only thing that went through her mind as she stared at the teenage girl dressed in a tattered Alice and Wonderland costume and her chest torn open standing next to a oversized grey wolf. All she could think at the moment, was the girl looked just like the missing girl, Isabella Swan. The End... or is it? Well what did you think? Were you shock by our dear Bella's fate? Did the story give you a bit of chills? Review and let me know. Happy Halloween!