go ahead and eat.'' ''How old are you?'' I asked suddenly. He smirked and looked back the TV. ''Eighteen. How old are you?'' ''Fourteen.'' He studied me for a moment, then chuckled softly. ''What?'' ''Your pretty mature for a fourteen year old.'' I shrugged. ''Do you have a name?'' He asked. ''Bella.'' ''Paul.'' ''Paul,'' I repeated, thinking about it ''I like it. Its different.'' He studied me again for a moment with a constant smile. ''Well it's a pleasure to meet you, Bella.'' ''It's a pleasure to meet you too, Paul''. I giggled. He gave me a lopsided grin, even though their was no humor in his eyes. A dangerous thick sort of air settled again as his eyes took me in. ''Are you hungry?'' I asked wanting to lighten up the mood. He nodded his head. "Do you have any meat?'' I thought for a moment. ''Yeah, Mom and Phil had Ribs last night. Is that okay?'' He licked his lips. ''Perfect.'' I ran upstairs to get the left over Ribs from the kitchen. Phil was sitting on the couch focused on a game of football. ''Bella, what are you doing?'' He asked in a tried voice. ''Paul wants Ribs,'' I told him. Phil sighed and rubbed his face. ''Sweetie, he probably trying to rest. Please don't bother him.'' ''I'm not,'' I assured him. ''I asked him if he was hungry and he said he wanted meat.'' Phil studded me uncertainly for a moment before looking out of the window at the forest. The storm had finally made landfall and all of the trees were leaning sideways. I popped the meat into the oven for a few minutes then returned downstairs. Paul inhaled deeply when I came in. ''That smells delicious,'' he whispered. I passed the plate and he began eating with his hands. I watched him curiously for a moment. Most people like to cut their meat up, but he was eating it whole, the bone and everything. And his teeth looked really pearly white and sharp. ''So where about in Oregon do you live?'' I asked in an attempt to make light conversation. ''I live in a cabin in the woods.'' He said licking his fingers. ''Oh. my mom won't let me go into the forest. She says it's too dangerous.'' He smirked. ''It is too dangerous, especially for little girls like you. The werewolves would just eat you up. You should be afraid, very afraid.'' He grabbed my wrist to frighten me. When I screamed, he chuckled. I studied him for a moment. ''Are you a werewolf?'' He smirked. ''No, I'm not werewolf. That would mean I could only change on a full moon. Now, ask me again if I'm a shapeshifter.'' I rolled my eyes. ''Are you a shapeshifter Paul?'' He chuckled darkly. ''That's really none of your business, now is it?'' ''We're letting you stay in our house. Don't you think we should know if you're a shapeshifter who turns into a wolf?'' ''Touche, but I'm afraid that is one piece of information I am not allowed to disclose. Let me put it to you this way, I'm dangerous. Does that offer any comfort to you?'' ''Of course.'' I said sarcastically and rolled my eyes again. His eyes narrowed dangerously. ''Don't roll your eyes at me, Isabella.'' Before I could reply, and question how he knew my real name, Phil knocked on the door before coming into the room. ''How are you feeling Paul?'' He asked. Paul nodded, his dark eyes never leaving mine ''I'm fine, sir.'' I was a bit shook up at the tone he had used earlier, but shook my head and thought nothing of it. Phil inspected the various cuts on his arms. Most looked to be days old. ''Wow you heal fast.'' He sighed and looked down at me. ''Come on, Bella. Let's leave him be in peace so he can rest.'' I nodded and moved away from the bed walking past Paul not looking at him once. ''Goodnight Bella'' he called. ''Night.'' I mumbled quietly, I couldn't help but think what he had meant earlier on by the word 'mate'. I didn't sleep so well that night, the dream I had was so vivid it had to have happened. I was in the forest, lying on the ground. Above me was the sky and countless stars. The moon shifted through it's phases, in one instant it would turned from new, the half to full. I stood up and took in my surroundings. ''It's funny.'' I gasped and I looked up at Paul who was crouched beside me. He shook his head. ''People are spooked by full moons, but not new moons. You can see everything on the night of a full moon, but nothing on the night of a new moon because it's covered up." I backed up. ''Bella. Don't even think about it.'' He must of known I was going to make a run for it. He walked forward every time I took a step forward. ''I don't want to have to hurt you, but even though you are my mate, I will." ''I'm not your mate, your deluded. How do you know? Besides, there's no such thing as werewolves or shapeshifters or whatever you call them. You were just trying to scare me earlier and you've took it too far.'' ''Mate.'' He growled. ''Your mine. My instincts are telling me. I've imprinted, there's no going back now, your definitely the one. You can never escape me, now that I have found you I'm never letting you go. And didn't you learn anything from a few hours ago? You will speak to me with respect. I will beat you into submission if I have to.'' I ran. A/N: Over 3,000 words, so I guess that's an improvement, all of my old chapters were only 1500-2000 words. How are you liking it? Good or bad? Should I continue? I'll update again at the end of the week:) LunaLeader.