was at the end of mine. After a few seconds of looking up at the slanted ceiling I burst into tears. My sobs shook my entire body as I gripped a pillow tightly against my chest, looking for comfort I will never get from another human being. Because I knew no one could ever know about me and I would never tell anyone. No one would believe me. I'd probably be sent to a psych ward if I ever told anyone. I was on my own and I think that's what terrified me the most. Not just that I was in someone else's body wondering what happened to my own or to Bella for that matter. I spent two hours crying my eyes out, the bags untouched the entire time. Reluctantly, I sat up and started sifting through them, realizing I needed to settle down before Chief Swan called me down for dinner. Crying about my problem wasn't going to change anything and I was happy it occurred to me now instead of later. Folding all the clothes and putting them in the pine dresser, I decided I would just get through today without thinking about it. Tomorrow after school I could start figuring out what to do. Today I was just too exhausted, mentally and physically. A loud growl rumbled in my stomach. I hadn't realized I was hungry, but now that I thought about it some food in my stomach and a long rest was exactly what I wanted- needed . Quickly, I put the rest of Bella's things away, even courageously leaving the room to open the two different doors in search of the bathroom- which ended up being the one directly in front of the stairs- so I could put her products in the correct spot. Tip-toeing my way down stairs, I watched as Chief Swan shut the front door, turning around with a box a pizza in his hands. He looked up and saw me. "Just in time. I was going to call you down. Ready to eat?" I nodded and helped clear the table off from all the stacks of paper. Picking up some of his mail, I took a second to find out what his first name is, no longer wanting to call him Chief Swan in my head all the time. Charlie was it? I wondered just now if I happened to remember his name from all the visits to Grams house, but I drew a blank. Shrugging, I put the mail on the countertop and grabbed the plate Charlie offered me. We ate in relative silence, once and a while asking each other questions. A lot of them I couldn't really answer, so I'd give him whatever believable lie I could come up with. I had to constantly swallow the guilt that would rise up in me every time I did, trying to put it in my head that it wasn't my fault I had to lie. Still, I felt bad about the lies, whether he knew they were or not. Twenty minutes later I excused myself, telling Charlie I was tired and wanted to go to bed early. "Goodnight, Bells." "'Night, Dad," I said, brushing way the strange feeling when calling him that. I woke up in a start later that night, around two o'clock, holding back a scream. Sweat covered every inch of my body, making my pajamas stick to me uncomfortably. I kicked off my covers and sat up, taking deep breaths to calm my irregular breathing and thumping heart. A vision flashed through my head. A road. Snow. Window wipers ferociously moving back and forth. My head hurt, but I forced the images from my dream to the front of my mind, needing to know what it was all about. There was a loud squealing sound, grinding of metal... and pain. My eyes widened in shock. That dream I had before waking up on the plane, it wasn't just a dream, was it? It was real. It really happened. I was in accident. And for all I knew... Scarlette Rivers could be dead. And that concludes the first chapter! I really hope you all like it, I've actually spent a lot of time thinking up ideas for this story. Just to clear one thing up in case someone didn't catch on to it, this isn't a self-insert. The book of Twilight doesn't exist in my story. Originally, I wasn't going to post it, but after watching Breaking Dawn Part 2 in the theater, I felt inspired to continue. I don't know about you guys, but that movie really went above my expectations. The movies just never hit it off for me, but this last one was actually really good. What did you guys think of it? Even more importantly though, I would really like everyone's opinion on my story. Like every other author, I don't really want to keep writing it if no one really cares to read it. I think we can all agree that it's a lot easier and faster to review with the new changes to the site, so it only takes a second to type what you think. Though I would really appreciate it if people could post longer reviews about what I could do to make it even better, etc. Oh, and this will be the first and only time I will say this; I do not own The Twilight Saga, that belongs to Stephenie Meyer. I never understood why people continuously mention it in every chapter. It's not like someone is suddenly going to think you came up with it if you don't mention the disclaimer every time. So yeah, I think saying it once is enough, as long as you give credit where it's due. Well, that's it I suppose. I have the next chapter written, I just need to spend a little more time revising it. I really hope you all enjoyed the first chapter! Thank you for reading!