the fact that I always ended up going to jail every couple of months or disappearing. Its bad for business when your employee is unreliable. I rub a hand over my face. I can't go back to jail anytime soon not because of probation but because I made Ali a promise. I told her I would try to stay out of jail for a year. I finally settle on a bench in a park to think up a plan. Going to the classes won't be a problem I might be able to sweet talk the person into telling Tori I come when I don't. I don't do drugs so the test will be easy to pass. The only thing sending me for a loop is the job thing. The cutest little boy comes up to me with big blue eyes. I arch an eyebrow since he just looks up at me not saying anything. His eyes are very unforgettable they are navy blue that is really rich. Not dark enough to be mistaken for blue but darken than any other blue I have come across. He has a mop of black hair that hangs in loose curls around his head. Giving up the silence I lean forward, "Are you lost kid?" Nothing. The kid just looks up at me with big round eyes. He looks old enough to form simple sentences and understand how to answer them. I think the kid is yanking my chain. "What do you want? Matter of fact, where is your Mom?" Again I am met with silence. This is something I do not need today of all days. Its like the universe is meant to throw me a curve ball today. "You know what a mom is right?" He doesn't say anything he just rocks on his heels. Great, there is something wrong with him. "Is your mom shitty too? Well, it seems to be common nowadays. C'mere handsome," I scoop him up making sure my board is secure with strap on my back. We walk through the park and I make sure everyone can see him. The last thing I want is someone thinking I am kidnapping their kid. We receive passing looks but there is no recognition in their eyes when they see the little boy. Shouldn't a women be screaming by now? I am pretty sure that is the normal response when your child goes missing. Up ahead there is a guy in a business suit stopping and talking with everyone. He looks a little frazzled and it only seems to get worse by the second. I look down at the little guy in my arms. "Is that your daddy," Of course he doesn't respond but the guy shouts then starts running towards us. By the time he has reached us the kid has his face hid in my neck. The guy looks relieved as he spots the kid. He goes to get the kid but I step backwards eyeing him warily. The last thing I need to is be a part of a kidnapping. "Hand over my son, lady," The guy says in a dark voice. "How do I know this is your kid," I ask him rubbing the kid back. I think that soothes them or some shit they do it all the time on movies, "What's the color of his eyes?" "His eyes are blue! Give him over!" I hug the child closer to me when he holds me tighter, "Look dude you're scaring him so stop screaming. Now, you got to be more specific than that." "His name is Alec. His eyes are a dark blue most say navy. He has a mole on his left cheek and a tiny scare on the right side of this forehead from when he fell off a slide two months ago," The man informs me looking at me expectantly. If he is not the father he knows a lot about the child in my arms. I give the kid over watch at how the kid doesn't seem to care that his father has been worried about him. He just seems like his isn't coherent. Alec doesn't seem like a normal kid. "Thanks. The nanny was supposed to be keeping an eye on him. She was supposed to be putting him in the car but he go away. She lost him in the crowd," What a lousy nanny I hope she gets fired. The man smooth down his sons hair, "Alec must really like you he doesn't normal go with people or than my older brother." "Uh, I didn't go to him. He came up to me and just looked at me. I was hoping someone recognize him because I didn't want him to meet the cops," I tell him looking at the broken boy. He just seems so lost, "How old is he?" "Alec is four. He isn't a mute if that is what you are thinking. My ex-wife had him for a while when she brought him back to me he wouldn't talk anymore," The guy sounds really sad. I suck my teeth, "No offense but she must have fucked him over if he doesn't speak anymore. I'm Isabella but my friends call me Sparkle." "I'm Jasper. Let's just say that I am glad she hid herself well," He mutters darkly before throwing me a smile. Alec looks up at me his lips pucker out. I lean forward and tap his nose, "Hey, take my number. If you need a hand with the little guy let me know." "You don't look like a nanny. You have kids?" "I'm not a nanny and I have no kids. I just assume that this little guy doesn't take well to others. If you need someone to keep him company just let me know." He pulls out his cellphone and takes my number, "So can I use this for myself or just for my son." "Just for the kid," I wink before walking off.