him, just accepted its fate. How selfish. His fingers were doing pleasurable things at first, and then he saw that I may have been having some enjoyment and it angered him to no end. So, there were no more soft kisses, loving holds, or delicate menstruations. His monster was unhappy; therefore he was unhappy, which resulted in him giving me pain. Unrelenting, mind searing pain that I was forced to submit to. "Please stop, Edward. I don't want this. You're hurting me." I whimpered out when he had stopped his hand that was so bent on stretching me from the inside out. He didn't seem to listen. He continued his onslaught on my body, placing his other hand on top of my stomach in order to stop my body from writhing in pain. I tried earnestly to move away from him, the headboard stopped me from escaping, as well as his hands. When I looked back up at him for the first time, his eyes were soft as he looked down at my body, settling his body between my legs. No, no, no, not this. Anything but this, I don't want this. Hands move! Legs kick! Do something! Hurt him, do anything to keep it from happening! I battled with myself internally, my body finally responding to its master and began to thrash around. He held my arms over my head, kicking my legs open farther apart with his knees. His eyes were empty again, as if someone else had taken over his mind and body. He positioned himself, surging forward. Eliciting silent screams from my mouth, I turned my head to the side and refused to look at him. He saw that as a sign of resisting him. He turned my head to face him, to stare into the soul-less pits that were his eyes. "Look at me, kitten." He breathed out. "No! Just hurry up and get off of me." I said, my voice breaking at the end. I wanted to curl up and vanish. Why was this happening to me? Was I so blinded by my likeness for him that I never saw his truer side surface? I must have been. I just want him off of me. He's trying to kiss me now. Is he trying to make this sensual? I want to vomit. I feel like I'm going to vomit. Hold it in. just make it until you can get home. "What are you thinking?" He asked, turning my head again until I was able to stare into his eyes. Did he just ask me such an inane question? Just ignore him if you can, Bella. It's not worth getting hit or worse, him going longer. "You really don't want to know. Just hurry and finish so I can leave." I hissed out, pulling my head away from his grip. ~SLAP~ His hits hurt more than his man downstairs. How amusing. The fair! I won't be able to go. I should call them to let them know that I won't be able to go anymore. "I think you'll stay for another round with that mouth of yours." He said, obviously nearing his release. "We both know it's not going to happen. It never does." I spat out, my smart ass side coming out. ~SLAP, SLAP~ A punch to my stomach as well as another slap to my face, more bruises to hide from friends. Though, with enough makeup, they wouldn't even question anything. Besides I didn't really want to worry them about my troubles, they had their own problems to deal with; they didn't need to listen to mine when they had enough of their own. He came on my stomach. Getting up to get me a towel, he had said. He came back in the room after a few seconds, wiping it off of me. When he was done, I got my clothes from the dresser it laid on top of and got dressed. He tried to apologize, telling me that he didn't mean to, that it was a mistake, that he'd never do it again. He broke his promise. But then again, he always said that he would do this to me one day. That he'd do something like this, something I'd never be able to forgive him for and that I'd hate him. But, I still don't hate him. I can't bring myself to ever completely hate him. The sad part about this is that I'd probably take him back in my arms if he asked me back. How sick can a person get before they finally snap? What will make me snap? What or who should I say, will be the cause of it? The last drop in my bucket before I finally just tip over and everything comes flooding in, drowning me completely? I walked out of his room, not really remembering how to get home from his house, but it shouldn't be too hard, right? "Wait, I'll walk you home. It's the least I can do, Bella." He said. His voice was soft, almost child-like. I kept walking, not really knowing where I was going. I needed to get home. 'Numb' by Linkin Park came into my head. I'm tired of being what you want me to be Feeling so faithless, lost under the surface I don't know what you're expecting of me Put under the pressure of walking in your shoes Caught in the undertow, just caught in the undertow Every step that I take is another mistake to you Caught in the undertow, just caught in the undertow I've become so numb, I can't feel you there become so tired, so much more aware by becoming this all I want to do is be more like me and be less like you Can't you see that you're smothering me? Holding too tightly, afraid to lose control 'Cause everything that you thought I would be has fallen apart right in front of you I have to call Angela.