said Carlisle, "This is quite interesting. I thought the wolves had been secluded to Europe ages ago." "Apparently not," said Edward, pointing out what we obviously already knew. Ass. I decided I should speak up then. "I had a vision of three being in the woods where you were, and one charging you. But I didn't see them as wolves. They only appeared as white orbs in my vision," I said. Carlisle gave me a quizzical look, obviously intrigued by the bit of information. "Wait!" Esme stood from her seat and turned to Carlise. "Remember the two kids I told you about that came into my café a few days ago? They acted as though they knew what I was. There was one male and one female. Perhaps they're two of the wolves? They did smell...odd….to me." "Could be," said Carlisle. He continued to sit completely still, deep in thought. After a few moments, he spoke again. "Well, the good thing is that Alice can still somewhat see the wolves in her visions, even if not in their physical forms. We'll all have to be extremely careful, regardless, but I would also like to see if maybe we can acquire more information on them." It had been decided that I keep a look out for the wolves in my visions, and that non of us hunt alone again until we knew it was safe to do so. By the time our parents, Rose, and Emmett had left, it was nearly time for Edward, Jasper, and I to be leaving for our first class. I had exactly half an hour to decide on what to wear, so I went to my room. When Edward called for me to tell me it was time to leave, I was dressed in my favorite flats, a pair of dark-wash skinny jeans, a red low-V top, and my form-fitting leather jacket. Coincidentally, that had been the first outfit I'd laid out in the beginning of my wardrobe debate. I grabbed my bag, and the boys and I headed to campus. I couldn't help but be excited as we found a spot to park. "I don't understand how you can be remotely happy to be here, Alice. Especially after all of these years," Edward said. I'd explained to him hundreds of time why I loved coming back to college, but he never understood. He didn't understand how much I loved attended my dance and theatre classes. The classes gave me a chance to perform again, and I always had fun watching the new students. It was interesting to see a person perform, and to have a vision of where they'd be in years to come. To see who would end up being the next big acting star, or who would go on to be a successful professional dancer. I could easily steal their spotlight and be the best around (not to boast), but I chose to keep my skill level at just-impressive-enough, that way I was able to apply myself a bit without drawing too much attention. The boys and I exited the car, and I headed for the Fine Arts building for my Acting: Improvisation class. Theatre had been a passion of mine for as long as I could remember. I'm not sure where if I acted in my past before my change or not, but I figured I must have. The class would be wonderful, especially when it came to watching the other students. I suppose I had a thing for people watching. I entered the large theatre and took a seat in a row behind everyone else in the class. Shortly after I got myself settled, I went into a vision. What I saw both intrigued and worried me. In about 30 seconds, one of the wolves would be entering the very class I was in. This intrigued me because I'd been wanting to see what the wolves really looked like, as wolves and as humans. But it worried me because I wasn't sure what would happen when that wolf came in the door to find a vampire in the room. Things could easily get ugly. I prepared myself for the worst, and waited for the wolf to enter the room. I found I was completely unprepared for what really happened. As the theatre door opened, I was hit with the smell of rain, earth, and a hint of something sweet, almost like vanilla. The combination of it all was absolutely intoxicating. I tried to stop the thought, stop enjoying the smell, knowing it was the wolf coming in the door. But what I saw had me completely floored. The girl was stunning. She stood at about 5'8", and looked to be about 22 or 23. Her body was perfectly toned, and her skin was almost golden it was so perfectly tanned. She had dark brown hair that hung in waves and fell just past her breasts. What struck me next were her eyes. They were so bright, especially in contrast with her dark hair and tanned skin. They were almost an electric shade of blue. Like icy arctic water being hit by the sunlight. They were mesmerizing, to say the least. After what felt like minutes of ogling, I finally snapped myself out of it, and remember this gorgeous girl could be a threat. When I looked at her again, she was the one staring. Only she wasn't staring in the way I had been staring at her, only moments ago. What I saw in her eyes now was pure outrage. She was still standing at the door, and seemed to be almost stuck there. Her eyes never wavered from mine, and I noticed that her once blue eyes were growing lighter, until they suddenly became completely white. And just as soon as she had entered the room, she was gone. And I couldn't understand why my stomach seemed to drop, and my unbeating heart seemed so heavy all of a sudden.