of her home. Leaving there, I roamed from state to state, listening carefully to the thoughts of the people I encountered for any sign of my former coven. From Washington, I travelled through Oregon and into Idaho, before I found myself in Montana, yet there was no trace. How could a coven of vampires just vanish into thin air? Denali was looking like it was the place I should try next. I wanted to avoid seeing the coven there, but if anyone would know of my family's whereabouts, it would be them. Arriving near the house, I could hear their thoughts. Alice was inside, as were Esme and Carlisle. I surmised the others must have been out hunting in the wilderness nearby, so I waited. It was hard for me not to dip into their minds and see what I was missing out on. When the short day finally gave way to night, I watched in amazement as the Northern Lights streaked the sky. The colors were amazing. I had seen this phenomena many times before, but tonight it just felt different, like I was seeing it for the first time. I was enthralled, and didn't hear the approach of another until it was too late. Turning quickly, I was surprised to see Carlisle standing a few feet away, his hands raised to show he meant me no harm. "Edward, how are you?" he asked in a low, gentle voice. I stared, searching his face and his thoughts for answers, but strangely, his mind was silent. "I'm great. Been a real laugh for me since I left." His face remained emotionless. "I really don't think this is any time to be flippant, Edward. Where have you been?" "Around. I ended up in the middle of nowhere. I just needed to be alone," I muttered. "How are things?" Carlisle let out a deep sigh, before glancing back to the house. "Come, take a walk with me." He motioned for me to move away from the house. Glancing back, I saw a lone figure staring out of the window. We walked some way before he spoke. "I'm glad you are here. You left so quickly after…" He paused, turning to face me. Yet again, his mind was hidden. "Alice was upset. I don't know what really happened with you and Jasper. I told her she was wrong; she said you were ..." He struggled to find the words, so I filled in the missing blanks. "Together? Intimate? What did you not believe about it? The fact Jasper and I slept together, how he made me feel like no one else ever had? That Jasper was the one thing missing in my life, only I never realized until it was too late to do anything about it? He was married to Alice, yet I wanted him. My soul is already damned with adding that to my list of misdemeanors." He grabbed my arm. "You are not damned, Edward, you could never be." I pulled away from him. "How can you say that? I ruined everything! We had to move, not once but twice, because of me. I just came to see if he was happy, hoping somehow you all were, without me in your lives." "What if we aren't? What if we want you both back." Staring into his eyes, I wondered if, even with my exceptional hearing, I had misheard him. "What do you mean?" Carlisle took a deep, if somewhat unnecessary breath. "I want the family back together. It's not the same since you both left. Rose and Emmett are travelling in Europe. The house here feels empty with just the three of us" He was holding something back. "Where's Jasper?" I couldn't help but feel the worry rise from deep inside. "He left us shortly after you did. He and Alice tried to make it work, but she knew he wasn't happy. It was like the light had gone out of his eyes. The argued so much, it broke her heart. He went out hunting one day and never came back." I stared at Carlisle. Finally, the veil in his mind fell away, and I saw everything in his memories. The confusion and worry when Jasper never returned. Alice falling apart as he finally made a decision to stay away from them, and her. This was not what I expected to find, my family torn apart by our actions. "No," was all I managed to say. Then I was aware of footsteps nearby. Turning around, I came face to face with Alice. "You did this, you drove him away from me. I will never, ever forgive either of you for what you did," she spat. I couldn't bear to see the pure hatred in her eyes, so I did the only thing I knew how to do. I ran. The forest passed me by in a blur, nothing registering until I stood on the top of a cliff, staring out at the raging ocean below. The waves crashed angrily onto the rocks, and gulls cried as they circled above. I felt helpless. Jasper was gone, and I had to find him. To tell him I was sorry and I loved him, how I wanted to be his for the rest of our existence. He was the only important thing to me now, but first I had to find him. I had no idea where he might have gone. The world was a large place when you wanted to hide away, but no matter how long it took, I would find him. I would not stop until he was back in my arms where he belonged. This was my vow to myself, and a silent promise to him somehow, one day I longed to tell him about. Until we were back together, I would hunt high and low, searching every last inch of the world until I reached my goal. Never resting, never stopping. Song: Hunting High And Low. A-Ha. watch?v=s6VaeFCxta8