over. I was curious; how was he supposed to free himself? No one interfered when it came to a session between a Dominant and their submissive. Edward wrapped his lips around the key ring and bit down around it. By pressing his upper body against the wall and leaning his body hard to the right, he stretched, raised his chin, and snagged the ring with two of his fingers. Jasper hadn't tied his arms out straight as some other Dom's had. They were secured in a surrendering gesture. Bent at the elbows, forming a ninety-degree, Edward didn't need to stretch far. He closed his eyes and concentrated... one of the manacles open. I had taken glances at Jasper from time to time. Every time I did he looked a little more aroused. Proud, too, and arrogantly smug. He caught me the next time I looked his direction. His eyes met mine, he flicked them forward then back to me. I turned around without needing him to say anything. "Why isn't he undoing his other wrist?" "It's higher than his right wrist was." "He can't reach it?" "He was supposed to fail," Rosalie whispered to me. "Why?" "Learning to be humble? I don't know. He didn't address Jasper properly. He did it once to make a point, the second and third time he forgot. Then he remembered, which was pretty funny. Edward doesn't forget things like that." "Well? What happened?" Jasper, thankfully, interrupted my thoughts. He was back at the wall. Staring down at Edward, he moved behind him and ran his hands down Edward's arms. "Have you learned your lesson? Talk to me." "Yes, Sir." No hesitation that time, he said the words firmly and clearly. "Who's in charge, Edward?" "You, Sir." "What will you not do in the future?" "Allow my want's to replace what you know I need. I'll communicate with you instead of trying to influence you in other ways. I won't forget to address you in the way you deserve, Sir." "And that concludes our demonstration," Jasper said to the crowd. "If you don't know what 'aftercare' means, stick around and watch us wind down." A few people remained to talk amongst themselves. The two remaining locks were undone. Edward stretched backwards. The muscles in his stomach pulled taut, his hipbones were defined in sharp relief. He was definitely still excited from what had happened, but he didn't seem bothered by it. He sat back and uncurled his legs. A shudder, two, ran down his spine. Jasper started rubbing Edward's shoulders. "Aftercare," he said to no one in particular. "Anyone still here is curious about what it involves. It's simple. Aftercare means, be there for your submissive when you're done with a pain session. Or any session. Don't throw the first-aid kit at them as you make for the door." "Mmm," Edward smiled at something Jasper said. "But go, seriously. I'm going to stay here for five more minutes and then I'll get myself another drink." "Did someone say drinks?" Rose asked. I blinked, not realizing that she had left. I'd lost time, staring at the broad expanse of Edward's shoulders and back. "Bella?" Jasper called. "Want to join us? We've got plenty." "At least for round one," Rose added. "I'm off to wander, after." "Thanks," I took one of the shots from a tray in front of them. "Salud." "Round two?" Edward carefully pushed a small glass in my direction. "Not for me. Later, guys." And then Rosalie was gone, headed back downstairs. "Ready?" Jasper asked, including me. I picked it up and took a deep breath. They both downed theirs, I let the liquor flow over my tongue. It was sour like lemons, then sweet. The air I breathed in was cold, but I liked the lemonade taste that lingered on my tongue. "I need a smoke," Jasper said, doing another shot. "And a beer. Come find me when you want to head out, E?" "Sure thing," Edward replied. Silence fell, growing awkward. "Do you want to be alone after your pain session?" I asked. "Only if you're leaving." He smiled, looking down at the empty shot glasses around us. It was hot in the room, heat was rising from his skin. His arm was resting close to mine. If I moved a few inches to the right I'd be touching him. His eyebrow had twitched when he finished his sentence. It seemed to dare me. Reach out, make contact… "I really liked watching the demonstration." "What did you like about it?" "Everything. The way you were able to submit for him, the pain Jasper inflicted." "You like watching pain be inflicted?" "Want to experience it, you mean?" I laughed nervously. "I really do." "What else?" "I like how you both communicate. You read one another well. I want to find a Dominant who will be that attentive, for me." "I submit for him, but I'm not always submissive to him. We're switches. I'm only submissive to him tonight, until we leave." "You guys aren't, er... together?" I felt waves of submission wash over me. His dominance levels made me want to kneel for him, as he'd asked me to. "We're just friends, roommates." He paused, grinning as he looked from my mouth to my neck. "We should be leaving soon." Author's End Note: Thank you for reading! Reviews are always appreciated, =) Author's End Note 2: If you've been liking Switches and Subs , come see my Original Fiction ebook: ' Subfrenzy,' published on Amazon. It's a passionate, realistic bdsm-romance, written in 1st person from a submissive's POV. Come and meet Quinn and Clara, a Dom/sub couple who practice safe, sexy bdsm. (And help make an indie author's holiday wishes come true?) Subfrenzy- by Kimberlee Jane : 30% free on Amazon – 40% free on Goodreads goo gl/jaHHZ1 - the space after goo is a dot, the only one. (I love that the link reads 'Jazzy.' Perfect for FF, =D!) Happy holidays, everyone!