"Why? You have a good job. Why would you do this? And why wouldn't you tell me?" Now I really felt low. What the hell had I done? Sure, I was embarrassed, but I really had just outed him. This wasn't cool at all. "Because when I started, you were sick, and the boys were in college, and I didn't want anyone to feel bad about the fact I couldn't afford any of it." And...silence. Whoa. Edward had told me his mom had been really sick with cancer at some point. She'd recovered, so I hadn't even thought about it, but that had to be what Carlisle was talking about. Carlisle swallowed hard. "The hospital I worked at eliminated the position I had at the time. They kept me on, but without the hours and at a different rate of insurance. "It's like you said, Edward. I read a lot of gay fiction books, and I had stayed active in the industry news. Commentary, you know. Because a lot of those books were cliche and not true to your experience or well-written at all. I was reading an article about how audiobook companies were beginning to record gay literature, but a lot of their narrators wouldn't read it." He paused. "So I looked into it, and here we are." "But your job is okay now," Edward said after a few moments. "Yes. Everything is fine. I, well…" Carlisle sounded sheepish. "I really like doing it. A lot. And it doesn't take very long." I couldn't help it. I cackled. I clapped my hand over my mouth, but it was too late. I held my breath, but that didn't help either. I started to laugh maniacally, and I couldn't fucking stop. Beside me, Edward started to laugh, too. Then he couldn't stop. Soon we were both howling, clutching our stomachs. "Well, aren't you two a finely matched pair of loons," Esme said. She sounded amused. Strained, but amused. "This is ridiculous and horrible," Edward said between gasps. "My boyfriend listens to your porn, Dad." "It's not porn," Carlisle protested again, sounding exasperated. "Bah." Edward sniffled, getting control over himself. "He's told me about some of his favorites. He's heard you say things that would traumatize the hell out of me. Jesus Christ, I'm so glad you never got me to listen." "Oh god, Edward. Shut. Up," I wheezed. He was making things so much worse. I had begged him to listen. I thought it would be like watching porn together and get us all worked up. Edward stood up. "I think we have to go." He offered his hand to me. "Let's regroup when we can pretend none of this ever happened." The relief I felt as I took Edward's hand and he pulled me up toward him was palpable. He wasn't mad; that much was obvious. The atmosphere was still awkward as all hell, but lighter as Esme and Carlisle saw us out. Curiosity got the better of me as we got to the door. "Why Richard?" I asked, finally daring to look Carlisle in the eyes. He smiled. "It's my middle name." "Hey, Dad," Edward said after he'd hugged both his parents and set one foot inside the car. "Yes?" "Please let me be there when you tell Emmett. I need to see his face when he finds out you do porn." "It's not—" Carlisle huffed and put his hand on the car door. "Get in your car, Edward." Edward cackled again, but he got in, and Carlisle closed the door behind him. ~0~ Edward drove us to my house, and he got out with me. That was a good sign. He called for a pizza. That was a better sign. He didn't talk, and when I tried, he shushed me. "Not yet," he said. He held my hand and stroked his thumb over my knuckles, so I wasn't too worried. We watched a movie. Then a TV show. Finally, Edward turned off the tv and pulled me to my bedroom. We sat down side by side. "You fantasized to my dad's voice," he said. "I fantasized about you." "To my dad's voice." I grimaced. So did Edward. "Ew," he said. "Come on. This is like if you were to use Zac Efron as your go-to jack off material and then you found out he was your boyfriend's dad. Or brother I guess in this case. Whatever." Edward shuddered. "First of all, ew. You aren't allowed to make any comparisons alluding to the fact you jack off to my dad." "To his voice. " Edward groaned. "This is so disturbing." He sighed and crossed his arms, his brow furrowed. "Well, there's only one thing for it." "Total brain wipe?" "If only science had caught up with us." Edward got to his feet. My heart skipped a beat, but he just turned around and pushed me backward on the bed. Hands on his hips, he stood over me. "I'm going to have to read all those books for you and replace his voice in your fantasies." I snorted and then I groaned. "Fuck, Edward. That would be so hot." His cocky smile came out to play, and he straddled me. "Would you like that?" "Would I like you to talk dirty to me? Gee, I don't know." I bucked my hips up, beginning to get our rub on. "What do you think?" "I think I have a better idea." He began to move with me and leaned down to steal a few kisses. "What's that?" I let my hands roam up his chest, under his shirt. "I think we should write our own fantasies and act them out." My cock twitched. "Jesus." "I think you'd look delicious in a kilt." "Oh god. Edward?" "Hmm?" "Shut up." And I kissed him. Hard. And rolled over him. I made love to him, and it was the hottest thing—because sex with Edward was better than anything else. No narration needed. A/N: Many thanks!