my high school memories!" "I cheated on Edward because he always compared us, and I couldn't take it anymore." I look up, surprised to hear that. "'Do you play any instrument?' or 'Do you like that song, because Bells loves that song?'" Tanya says mimicking Edward. "It was like you were revenging me through Edward himself," she explains. "Edward wouldn't say such things." BTR She's not a saint and she's not what you think She's an actress, whoa She's better known for the things that she does On the mattress, whoa BTR "You really don't see yourself clearly," she states. "I always wondered why you and Edward were just friends." "Why do you care?" "I don't, but I'm curious." I close my locker and start to walk away. "You love him, right?" I turn to look at her. "Why do you want to know?" "The last time I made that statement, you never confirmed it," she says. "So now I'm going to ask you again. Do you love Edward Cullen?" I look into her eyes, not sure of what to answer. Do I love Edward Cullen? That is the million dollar question and if I'm being honest, then yes, I do love him. "If I'm reading your facial expression right, I think you realize the truth," Tanya says. "Now you have to say it out loud." "It's not that easy," I confess. "You should tell him." "I'm not sure. Why would he love me?" "Why wouldn't he love you?" BTR Soon she's gonna find Stealing other people's toys On the playground Won't make you many friends She should keep in mind She should keep in mind There is nothing I do better Than revenge BTR "Look at me and then look at yourself," I tell her. "You're the beautiful one." "If there is something that you have proven me the last couple of months," she starts, "it's that beauty counts in the inside more than it does on the outside." "Why are you being civil?" I finally ask the important question. "After everything I did to you." "I deserved it," she says. "I know that. I'm the one who stole your doll in kindergarten; I'm the one who used your best friend just to spite you. And I have started to realize the error of my ways." And for the first time she actually looks sincere. "I do love him," I say. "I love Edward Cullen." I state more confidently. "Finally, she admits it." Tanya laughs. "Bells?" A voice interrupts our conversation and startles us. When we look to where it came from, we see Edward standing just a few feet away from us, staring at me. "Edward?" I say surprised. "I'll leave you to it," says Tanya before walking down the hall. "Is it true?" "How long have you been standing there?" I stutter. "Long enough," he answers, "but you're avoiding the question. Is it true what you said to Tanya?" he asks. "I've said a lot of things to Tanya." "Do you love me?" The only thing I could do is nod. "Say it out loud, Bells," he requests. "Say it out loud. I need to hear you say it." "Yes, I love you." He takes a step closer and pushes some hair behind my ear. "I can't believe it." "I shouldn't have said anything," I say not looking at him and trying to step backwards. "I know you don't feel the same." "Shhh now, I do feel the same, Bells," he whispers. "I never expected . . ." He stops talking, and I look into his eyes. "What did you never expect?" I ask him curious. "For you to feel the same as me," he answers after looking in my eyes. "I love you, Bella Swan; I always have." "I love you, Edward Cullen," I tell him with a silly smile on my face. He pulls my face closer to his and into a kiss — a kiss in which we pour all our feelings for each other. I know there is a lot we have to talk about and figure out, but for now, I'll just enjoy this moment. BTR And do you still feel like You know what you're doing, Cause I don't think you do Oh BTR If I look back to the things that happened that year, I realize that I don't know what I was doing. I let the hatred I feel for Tanya cloud my judgment. I start to lose myself in taking revenge, but I am lucky to have my friends to support and reign me in when needed. I don't know in how much trouble I'd have gotten myself into if it weren't for them. I learn a lot that year about myself and how driven by emotions I can be, how you should never let revenge guide your actions or decisions. But the most important thing I've learn are my feelings for my best friend and the importance to have amazing friends in my life. BTR Do you still feel like you know what you're doing I don't think you do I don't think you do Let's hear the applause C'mon show me how much better you are See you deserve some applause Cause you're so much better She took him faster than you can say sabotage. BTR "There you are," a sweet voice pulls me out of my thoughts and brings me back to the present. I look at him and smile. "I'm here," I answer him. "Do you remember Tanya?" "Hello, Tanya," he greets her curtly. "You look good." "Edward," she greets him back. "I never expected you to come." "I would never let my pregnant wife come alone to a school reunion," he explains her, while putting his hand on my small bump. I got my man back; that is my biggest revenge. I took him back faster than she could say sabotage. - THE END - Song: Taylor Swift – Better Than Revenge /QYSgEFS11GU