well taken care of financially, but my heart is still resting on my neighbor's porch swing. "Bella? It's time." I heard my father's voice through the door. Taking one final breath, I gathered my thoughts and headed toward the sanctuary. Charlie was beaming with what probably looked like pride to anyone on the outside looking in. Knowing what I know now, I could tell he was beaming with anticipation. Never once did he say that I looked beautiful or that he would miss me. I started to feel a small amount of animosity towards him just as the sanctuary doors opened. The wedding march began, and I swallowed my internal feelings and walked down the aisle. Halfway to the alter I had the distinct feeling of being watched. I knew everyone in the church was looking at me, but this was a familiar, buzzing feeling, all over my skin. I tried discreetly looking back over my shoulder, but my father squeezed my fingers to keep my attention on the altar. Once again I forced a smile and allowed Charlie to lead me to my groom. The beginning of the ceremony was a blur. There were a lot of scriptures and songs before we ever got to the vows. I finally heard the priest ask for the rings. Just as I was about to place the ring on Jasper's finger, that familiar buzzing took over my body again, only this time it was so much stronger. I shook it off and returned my attention to the priest. "Repeat after me," said Father Crowley. "I, Isabella, take you Jasper..." My focus shifted again, but I tried to rein it in. "I, Isabella, take you ... Edward …" "Edward?" I would recognize that unruly copper hair anywhere. He was standing at the back row when I caught that mop of hair in my peripheral vision, and called out his name . I hadn't even noticed my faux pas until Jasper cleared his throat. I looked back at him. The audience was murmuring amongst each other. "Bella, what's going on? Who's Edward?" asked Jasper. "Umm, what? I uh—Jasper;" I sighed. "I'm sorry. I can't do this. I love you, but I'm not in love with you. You are terrific, and I am so sorry, but this is not how it was supposed to be; this is not the life I want; not where I want to be." I saw my father's face turn from pink to bright red to purple. He was getting up out of his seat when I turned to face him. "I'm sorry Dad, but I can't do this for you." Edward still stood there, frozen in place at the back of the church. I gathered up all of the layers of my dress and ran to him. I heard both Jasper and Charlie shouting for me as well as the guests, who were gasping and calling after me for an explanation. I knew everyone would have questions, but right about now I couldn't care less. I raced up the aisle and jumped into my Eddie's arms. "Let's get out of here please!" He didn't need to be told twice. He picked me up bridal style ( how ironic) and ran out of the building. I saw a large, dark haired guy standing beside an even larger, Black Hummer. He didn't even look shocked at the spectacle before him. He just smiled a huge dimpled grin and opened the back door for us. By this time, the entire wedding party and all of the guests were pouring outside. Charlie was leading the stampede, and his anger and confusion were palpable. He had finally reached us, and the veins in his head were protruding so far that they seemed to have their own independent heartbeat. I had to say something to him before he completely lost it. "I'm sorry Charlie," I told him. "I know you wanted more for me, and I know that you thought that Jasper and I would be perfect for each other, as well as perfect for business, but I just don't see him in that way. I'm in love with Eddie. It's always been Eddie." Charlie looked back and forth between us with so many emotions crossing his face; it was hard to decipher one single expression before another took over. "Isabella, I know I've failed you as a father, but I just wanted you to have the life that I was never able to give your mother. I want you to be happy more than anything, but I guess I went about it all wrong." He then looked over at Edward and clapped him on the back. They whispered a few words amongst each other; too low for me to hear. Charlie gave me a huge hug and let me know he would take care of the guests. With a kiss on the cheek, he turned around to do just that. Eddie and I climbed into the back of the monstrosity of an SUV and started to make out like a couple of horny teenagers. When we had to stop and breathe, he slapped the big guy in the back of the head. When did he get in the car? "Em, let's go! Get us outta here!" Eddie yelled. Next thing I know I was being tossed back into the seat by the force of the speed in which we took off. I looked over at my Eddie and smiled. "You came," I whispered, as I looked at his smiling face. I knew he wanted an explanation, and we both needed to talk, but that could wait. We were finally together again, and now, that was all that mattered. We had years to catch up on, but I knew we would be just fine now that we were together again. There was a porch swing waiting for us, and we were on our way back to it. Song: Not A Day Goes By – Lonestar watch?v=7HJTvUgAbxA