thick goose bumps. He pulled back to take in the sight of my pink lacy bra, the catch of the breath in his throat making my nipples immediately harden, as if on command. "Bella," he murmured, "this is better than I've ever dreamed." I giggled; unable to stop the sound from leaving my lips…if only he knew that even my wildest dreams couldn't live up to what was currently happening. He raised his eyebrow but stayed completely silent, unhooking the clasp of my bra and allowing the straps to fall from my shoulders. He immediately noticed the goose bumps on my flesh and turned the car on, allowing the heat to blow gently across my skin. "Jas," I whisper as I close in on his lips, brushing them gently with my own, "I've dreamt of this moment for months now…my dreams have never done this justice." He gingerly lifted me, pulling me across the console and gearshift, settling me on his lap. "Bells, I wanted our first time to be special but I really can't wait for the moment when I can get you to a bed – please tell me that you're okay with this…" His fingers did delicious things to my breasts as he implored me with his eyes to allow this moment of indiscretion. Instead of answering him, I tugged my skirt upwards and pulled my panties down to the floorboards, letting them drop completely from my feet. "Jas," I whispered, my voice almost whining with the desperate need I felt in that moment, "I need you inside me so badly…" "Lift up, baby," he groaned as he angled his hips and lowered his pants and boxers. I lifted up and almost at once felt the soft tip of his manhood at my entrance. I gasped, lowering myself onto him – filling me in the most delicious way. As soon as I was fully seated on him, I leaned back against his body and allowed his hands to roam freely against my bare skin. "Bells," his tension-filled voice strained against my ear, "I need you to move, darlin'. If you don't, I'm worried I may fuck you so hard that I'll hurt you. Take control, love." Empowered by his words, I experimentally shifted my hips; rolling them a few times – listening carefully to the sounds the beautiful man underneath me was making. His pants, groans, breaths and moans encouraged me to move faster on him – grinding more deeply onto his lap. He was touching places inside of me no one else ever had. After a few short minutes Jasper began to thrust into me from his position, ever urging me on as he kept going fully inside me. His thrust in addition to my grinding on him was coiling a band inside of me and I found myself chasing the tightening of that band. I wasn't dumb but I was a bit naïve and had never experienced an orgasm with a man – all previous boyfriends only lasting long enough to piss me off. "Bella," Jasper panted, reaching around to rub my clit, "darlin', I can feel you tightening on me. I need you to cum, baby. I'm going to lose it soon and desperately need to feel you cum before I do." His words were like a switch for me – I flew over the edge with abandon, moaning his name as I felt a rush of warm leave my body; completely drenching Jasper's cock. "Goddamn baby," he growled through gritted teeth as he pulled me fully onto him, pushing himself as far into me as he could. I could feel him twitching inside of me, the feeling not unpleasant. I groaned one last time before getting out of the SUV on legs akin to those of a newborn baby deer. The loss I felt inside of me was crushing – I was waiting wearily for the other shoe to drop and for him to tell me that this was all he wanted from me. My mind was whizzing a mile a minute and it took me a few moments to see the few tears on Jasper's face, illuminated only by the street lamps on the top of the parking deck. I knew it! He's about to tell me that this was a mistake. I raised an eyebrow at him, daring him to say the words. His next action surprised me. He pulled me to him, resting his tearstained face against my belly, "Bells," his voice pleaded, "please tell me that you don't think this was a mistake. I can't bear to go back to the friend zone with you. If you need to, move in with me but don't say this was wrong and we have to go back to the way we were." "Jas, I would never tell you that this was a mistake. Sharing this with you will forever be my favorite memory." He raised his beatific face to me smiling, "Mine too babe. It'll be a hell of a story to tell our kids one day…" I snorted and giggled loudly, "You, sir, will not be telling our kids about how I rode you in the front seat of our most difficult guest's vehicle!" He winked, stepping out of the Santa Fe and grabbed my panties from the floorboard. "I think it'll be good for the old bastard." Before I could ask what he meant, Jasper hung my still wet panties from the rear-view mirror, closed the door and locked everything up tight. "Babe, we've officially made it," he said giddily, throwing his arm around my shoulder. "We've made it where?" I asked raising my eyebrow at him. He scoffed in his throat like I should know what he meant, "Obviously to the other side of the friend zone!" I laughed as we walked back to the elevator, feeling wildly optimistic about the new life that sprawled out before me. Song: The Other Side by Jason Derulo ( watch?v=byp94CCWKSI )