Those days at school after our fight had been painful and somehow colder without my friend at my side. For his part, he had refused to look at me, speak to me or even acknowledge I existed. I had tried to give him a lift one morning, but he pulled his bag tighter to him and veered off away from the road where I couldn't follow. Something had to be done. The Pack had started smiling at me in the corridors and parking lot, the change of events in mine and Edward's friendship having been noted and passed back to their leader. I knew how badly they had wanted me to lose, and I no longer cared. The more days that passed, the more I had missed him. It had come to a head one night just before Halloween. Seeing him hunched over against the howling wind, his jacket flapping underneath his bag strap, I had pulled over and gotten out of the car. He had ignored me and tried to keep walking but I'd caught up with him easily, yelling to make myself heard over the wind and rattling leaves. "Get in the car, Edward. This is dumb – we need to talk!" He had struggled against me, but I had bested him easily. Wrenching open my car door, he had slumped into the seat with a face like thunder. "We have nothing else to say to each other." "Yes – we do. I have a lot to say and you will damn well listen to me, Cullen." His brow had furrowed in anger, but I wasn't about to stop now. Starting the car, I had pulled over at the park, vaguely aware that being around so many trees in this wind wasn't the greatest idea, but at least we wouldn't be overheard. "I want to talk about the dare, Edward. I need you to hear my side of this." He shook his head, staring straight ahead, eyebrows knitted together. "I wanted into the squad and that dumb dare was my way in. But..." I saw him about to interrupt. "I wanted to do it so that you didn't get hurt. So you didn't get humiliated. I never wanted that to happen, even before I got to know you. Once we became friends I knew there was no way I could allow that to ever happen. I had the idea of getting to know you and once we were tight asking you if you'd help me out. But like I said that night, it wasn't something I could've ever done right away. I wanted them to leave you alone, and I wanted to get to know you better." I took a noisy breath. "I wanted to find out how you felt about me before I took our friendship any further." He was staring at me now, disbelief in his eyes. "Are you trying to tell me I ruined your plans?" He sounded indignant. "That's not what I meant. You were so full-on that night and I didn't know to handle it. You were on a mission to get laid and I got swept along with you, but then it all went wrong and I hurt you. I hate myself for that. You weren't ready and I knew it, deep down I knew it." He muttered into his coat collar and I strained to hear. He lifted his chin. "I thought you liked girls." "When did I say that?" "I – well I thought... are you telling me you're gay?" He sounded stunned, his thoughts finally catching on to my revelation. "And you wanted to take our friendship further?" He was looking at me now, daring me to laugh and make some joke about how I could never go with a guy unless it was for a bet. "You're my friend, Edward, and I really like being with you. I wanted to wait til this whole thing was over and then see if we could make this work as something more." "So you weren't seeing me naked and imagining some hot cheerleader's arse instead of mine?" His eyes were incredulous. I smiled, reaching out to stroke his jaw. "No, the ass I was looking at was all you. Maybe I'll get to see it again someday and treat it with the reverence it deserves." I bit my lip, hoping we were on the same page. He flushed pink, frowning hard. "I lied." I stayed quiet, letting him finish. "I am a virgin. I just didn't want you to think I was. I thought I could act experienced, just do it and get it over with. But it bloody hurt." I sighed, feeling shitty. "You weren't ready and I knew it. I'm so sorry, Edward. If you ever want to try again we'll take it good and slow. No pain, I promise, only pleasure." I'd leaned in and kissed him then, feeling him relax into it. My only thought had been that we'd get through Halloween somehow. ~0~ In the end, even with a lot of opinions being thrown around and the girls having to, somewhat efficiently I thought, shut down any homophobic comments and jeers, I got my place on the team. They'll think twice about any future dares, I reckon. I'll never forget the look on Jake's face that night when I kissed Edward; I thought he was going to blow his cookies. The whole thing was beautifully rounded off with Jake's girl, Leah, choosing that moment to deliver a ringing slap to his smug face. Ali got a great shot of it on her phone. It was somewhat unfortunate for Jake that, later that year, the yearbook staff mysteriously lost their official quarterback photo for the yearbook on the night before it went to print. But it all turned out fine. My darling sister was very happy to supply a replacement picture at short notice. ~0~ Song: Secret Oktober, Duran Duran www dot youtube dot com / watch?v=XYFeT5UPGj0