thrust his tongue into her entrance, and she whimpered. It was a different taste, but again, it was the full experience he appreciated. She wasn't as responsive, though she did seem to enjoy the sensation of his tongue inside her. He used his fingertips to press randomly along her back, her sides. When she was properly lubricated, he kissed up her body, bringing her onto her side as he nestled himself beside her. Slowly, he dipped one finger, then another inside her. How incredible it was, feeling the way her muscles tightened around his fingers. "Am I hurting you?" he asked, taking the shell of her ear between his teeth and biting ever so gently. "No." Her voice was breathy. "I want..." But rather than tell him, she reached down, tracing his body until she found his cock. He was surprised when she wrapped her hand around him. His instinct was to thrust into her palm. For a few moments, she felt him hot and hard in her hand, and then she wiggled, making him groan as she adjusted herself so he was lined up with her entrance. She kept her hand around him, feeling as he slid into her. Edward had never imagined anything could be so tight, so hot, so absolutely incredible wrapped around his cock. "Christ," he muttered against her shoulder. "Sweet, merciful Christ. Bella." Her hand moved to cup his ass, pulling him closer. "Oh," he breathed. It was all he could do not to thrust, not to give in to his base instinct to bring on his release. As it was, just the feel of her surrounding him was almost too much. "Bella. My Princess. My lady. My love." She craned her head back, kissing him briefly. "Take me. I am yours." He groaned and gave in. Setting a steady pace, he began to move in her. With the newness of this, and all he had already done, he knew he would not last long. He wrapped his arms around her, as though he could completely possess her. His hands were cupped over her breasts, her nipples rolling between his thumb and forefinger, and his lips were at her neck. He murmured sweet things to her, told her again and again how much he loved her. She'd been right about one thing, he reflected. The profoundness of this act was no less. They were joined, connected, one in those perfect minutes. She was his, and he was hers, and they were bound together in heart, spirit, and body, even if it was only for this night. When he began to jerk as she had, began to spill into her, she moved her hands to his over her breasts, threading their fingers together as they rode out his orgasm. Spent, he leaned heavily against her, and she played with his fingers, waiting for him to catch his breath. With a groan, he slipped carefully out of her, rolling her back toward him so he could gather her in his arms. "Bella... I didn't... Are you all right?" She cupped his face in her hands. "I'm just fine." "Did I hurt you? Please, tell me the truth." She eyed him carefully. "It aches," she said quietly. "But no more than I expected." Pulling his face down to hers, she kissed him. It was a slow kiss, very serious and passionate. Edward quite forgot the dismay that had begun to build in him when she said it had hurt even a little. "I am fine," she said firmly when she broke their kiss. "Now hold me, for we have precious little time left." Closing his eyes - he did not want to remember the world outside this beautiful bubble - he tugged her closer. Hooking his leg up over hers, he wrapped her up in a cocoon of his body, wishing with everything in him he would never have to let her go. "Edward," she murmured some time later, in between deep kisses. "Hmm?" He was running his finger along her chin. She took his hands, bringing them down between them so she could play with his fingers. "After I am married... if you will still have me..." Her voice tapered off, but she drew in a deep breath. "If you will still have me, I will still be yours. I don't know how, and I know it's a risk, but..." She looked up, and he saw tears welling in her eyes. "I cannot imagine going the rest of my life without this. Without you." With tender fingers, he brushed away her tears. "My Bella," he whispered. His heart pounded. He wanted nothing more than to take her so far away from here, from all of this, from the Prince and her duty to her people. It was so dangerous. If she was found to be having an affair, she would be killed. Already they had pressed their luck. To do it for the foreseeable future... But what if... What if they could have a semblance of a life together? What if he could have her in his bed again? What if there was a chance the children she would bear would be his? It wasn't what he wanted for her, for either of them, but given the reality of their lives, it was a more acceptable option than simply letting Prince James have her. At least she would know love. He exhaled slowly, forcing down his anger and frustration. He wrapped himself around the love he felt for this woman. He could do it. For the chance to be with her at all, he could do anything. "Yes, Bella," was all he said, kissing her soundly. "Yes." A/N: I am considering continuing this. I do, of course, have more in mind for these two. We'll see how it goes because I have my other fics plus my original fiction to consider. For now, I'm marking it complete. Thanks to all who read and voted during the contest.