there wasn't a damn thing either of them could do about it. They were still too close to town. Every now and then they'd pass a drunk teenager stumbling down the road. They needed to get closer to La Push, both of them needed to phase. "I'm trying Paul, you know I am." "Just get me there," Paul grit out, the dash groaning under the pressure of his hands. Sam's foot pressed on the pedal harder even though it was already matted to the floor. "So it happened." Paul's head snapped toward Sam a snarl tore out of his mouth causing Sam to snarl back, "Calm down." "You calm down, when your fucking imprint is ripped away from you." Sam growled at the thought and met Paul's eyes. "It wasn't easy for me to leave her there either, she's an imprint." "Sam," Paul warned. Sam opened his mouth, but they crossed over the line and his door flung open. Paul was gone. Angela squinted when the dome light lit up the small space, her eyes adjusting to the light as Charlie and the deputy climbed in the car. Charlie met her eyes briefly as he looked over his shoulder while backing out of Jessica's driveway. The ride to her house only took a minute and then they were pulling into her own drive. When Charlie parked, the car slowly lunged forward, Jessica's response was a groan and then she was beating on the window, her words muffled by her hand on her mouth. Angela was pressing herself up against her own window. As soon as the door was pulled open Jessica's head shot out of the door and she threw up in the driveway and by the sounds of it on at least some part of it had gotten on the deputy. Jessica retched at few more times before sitting up and wiping her mouth, looking almost shyly at Angela. She whispered, "sorry," before letting her head drop back onto the seat. Angela was sitting on the bench her father had built for the bay window that overlooked the forest, listening to her friend snore. After the puking incident in the backseat, Charlie helped Jessica out of the car and up into Angela's room, leaving behind the reminder that Jessica needed to call him at six in the morning so they could arrange her punishment. Once the door was locked and the lights turned out Angela made her way back up to her room to find Jessica bent over the bed passed out yet again, but this time her head was in the trashcan. Angela cleaned her friend up as much as she could, seeing as she was dead weight and made her way over to the bench. She had been sitting there staring out at the dark forest since. She couldn't believe everything that happened. It was just yesterday when she was kissing her mother on the cheek and reassuring her father that everything would be fine while they were away. It was the first time that they had ever left her alone trusting her to be responsible while they went on their annual retreat. Her mother shocked her just a week ago when she came into her room and broke the news that her father agreed to let Angela stay home this year, only if she wanted. It was no surprise to either of them that Angela was a huge help when it came to the twins, she had spent most of her evenings keeping them occupied as her mother cooked dinner or cleaned the house. Her mother told her that she deserved the break. Angela quickly said yes and agreed that she would both call her parents morning noon and night, and check in with Mrs. Winchester, the Church coordinator, to let her know all was ok. Being alone in her own home wasn't the only shocking thing that had happened, though. Angela had a lot of firsts tonight from going to her first party to seeing a naked man for the first time, something that she really didn't expect until she was married. Another first: sitting in the back of a police cruiser. Thinking of the police Paul's face flashed in the glass and she startled back before she shot forward pushing the window open. Her eyes darted around the back yard looking for any sign of him before she rubbed her clammy palms over her eyes and sighed. It was getting late and she really needed to sleep, of course he wasn't there. He was probably passed out in his room much like Jessica. Pulling the window closed, Angela bent down and pulled the drawer under the bench out and pulled out a quilt that her grandma had made her. Grabbing one of her stuffed animals from the floor she fluffed it before laying down on the bench. As she pulled the cover up to her nose she rolled onto her side still looking at the forest, when her eyes drifted closed she could hear the faint howl of a wolf in the distance. The wolf snarled at Paul with every step he took away from his imprints house, it had been a close call, too close for even Paul. He couldn't help it though; he had to make sure that she was ok. As he made his way into the woods, he could hear the window slide shut. Turning on the balls of his feet he knew he was pushing but he couldn't stop. He watched as she shifted and then an old quilt settled over her body, she was still facing the window and he knew that she was searching for him. Shaking his head, Paul turned once more, shifted and began running, a howl breaking free as he ran from his girl. My story That If By Chance It Be Shaken has been nominated for a Fandom Choice Award. Check out their blog and VOTE for your favorite wolf fic and writer!