how close I was, he suddenly reached between us and used a single finger to massage my clit. That sent me over, my orgasm washed over me quickly and I was a blissful panting mess. He followed behind quickly, collapsing on top of me with a huge smile on his face. He pulled out of me with a sad whimper and the quickly got a warm wet cloth to clean me up. Once we were dressed in our pajamas and settled down in bed we discussed when we wanted to get married. Neither of us wanted to wait long, so we decided on a very short engagement, and set our wedding date for the first Saturday in April, which also coincided with spring break so I would have a week off after the wedding. 22 years later Seth's POV I was pacing the lobby of the hospital, nerves had taken over and my palms were sweating. I heard my name called and looked up and saw my parents exiting the elevator from the parking garage. Mom quickly engulfed me in a hug and I immediately calmed. Mom was always my sense of calm whenever I needed it. "How is she doing?" Dad asked as he clapped me on the back with a hug. "She's good. Progressing a bit slower than the doctor would like, but good. I hated to leave her, but I didn't want you guys to have any hassle trying to get onto the unit." "Well let's head up there." Mom said with a smile as Dad slipped his arm around her shoulder and squeezed. We walked down the hall and got into the elevator that would take us to the maternity ward on the 4th floor, where Chelsea, my wife of a year was in labor, trying to bring our son into the world. I don't know how Dad seemed to remain so calm when he did this twice with mom. First when she gave birth to Rebecca when I was 8 and then Colin when I was 12. So I decided to ask him. "You seriously think I was calm?" He asked with a huge laugh. "I was anything but calm. You lucked out and only saw me just as your mother went into labor and then after at the hospital. I was so nervous, especially the first time with Becca." I sometimes forgot that Dad didn't come into our lives until I was 5. He wasn't there when Mom had me. But from the outside of our family, you could never tell. I was his first son, and he cared for me like I was his blood. It had been that way for as long as I could remember. I remember when Mom and Dad got married just before I turned 6. I was so excited, I was finally going to have a Dad and a cool one. It was so strange, before Edward came into our life, I always thought something was missing, but as soon as he was there, we went from having that something missing to being a real family. As the elevator ascended, Dad told me about how nervous he was the entire time Mom was in the hospital. Even with his medical degree and assisting on several deliveries over the years, it didn't prepare him to see the love of his life in so much pain. He would have done anything to ease it for her. When we finally got back to Chelsea's room, there was good news waiting. She was only another centimeter away from being able to push. Mom and Dad quickly kissed Chelsea and gave her their love before they retreated to the waiting room. Before they left, Chelsea asked about my younger brother and sister. Mom said that Becca called and was on her way from Portland where she was going to school and Colin was with Aunt Alice and Uncle Jasper and they would come once the baby had arrived. A little over 3 hours later Samuel Edward Cullen came screaming into the world. He was 8lbs 8oz of perfect baby boy. The nurse cleaned him up and carted him away to the nursery so that Chelsea could be cleaned up and brought to a room. She told me to go tell my family that Sammy had arrived. I walked down the hall to the waiting room and walked in with a huge smile on my face. "It's a boy!" I shouted even though we had all known that for several months. The only thing they didn't know was his name. We wanted to surprise my Dad with our little boy's name. I was engulfed in hugs from Dad and Mom immediately. "Congratulations my boy." Dad said with tears in his eyes. "What's his name?" My little sister asked from right beside mom. I looked over at Dad and slung my arm around his shoulder. "Let's head down to the nursery, so you can see for yourself." Dad and I stood at the nursery window as they brought the baby in. They wheeled his little bassinette in and on the front was a little sign with Cullen taped to the front, Samuel Edward in big letters below. I heard Dad take a breath in and then saw his hand come up to the window. I looked over at the huge smile on his face and tears flowing from his eyes. "Edward? Really?" He asked with awe in his voice. "Of course Dad. Who else would we name him after?" Dad sniffled a bit and I saw Mom standing behind him with a matching smile on her face. We all turned back to the glass, staring at my little miracle. I again glanced at the man standing beside me and I prayed to myself that I could be at least half the dad that he didn't have to be. Song: "He didn't have to be" By Brad Paisley Link: www dot youtube dot com / watch?v=BjO1F6oCab8