go. "Are you wanting to take over our packs and command us?" Sam asked Taha in a challenging voice. "No thanks, puppies. I'm just keeping my pack to two for now. But thanks for the offer." Taha replied grinning and acknowledging the challenge. Some of the other shifters sniggered behind Sam's back, but stopped quickly when he turned around and glared at them. "Jake, I think we have company." Seth was on the outskirts of the pack and they could al hear a group approaching. Leah immediately knew who it would be, the Cullen's would have heard the two Howls, and come to see if the packs needed help with an intruder. "Tell them to get back!" Leah shouted. Taha heard the Cullen's approach too, and without thought changed back to a massive wolf snarling. No one was going to harm his wife! With this one thought in his mind, Taha was ready to kill. Chapter 6 Jacob ran to the vampires to tell them to go away, while the other wolves all tensed up, bracing themselves for Taha's rage. Leah thought quickly and stood in front of Taha preventing him from running to fight the vampires. Leah waited till she knew he would try to dodge around her and ignored his growling to plant herself firmly between Taha and the new comers. Trying to dodge around her Taha was shocked when Leah firmly wrapped her arms around him and held him back. "We can't attack them, I understand how you feel but we can't attack them." Leah tried to reason with him. "Taha listen to her we have an alliance and Jacob is imprinted on their daughter," Sam and the other wolves quickly came to Leah's aid and formed a human/ wolf barrier between them. Taha snarled at Sam in a voice so menacing that even Leah took a step back. All she had was the bond between them to hold him back so Leah looked at Taha and then the direction that Jacob had gone. She could try one more thing to prevent needless bloodshed. If Leah stayed human while Taha was wolf, he could not order her to stay, so Leah decided to walk away and see if he followed the bond. Turning her back and taking the first few steps away from the packs was the hardest thing Leah had ever done in her life and tears began to flow down her face as she walked away. If Taha followed her then at least Leah would know she was worth more than his vengeance towards the vampires. Leah had gone no more than twenty feet when she realized that Taha had followed her and was human again. No pants again Leah smiled and Taha gently touched her face and saw the tears. "We can't fight them," she said quietly. "With me the packs can win," Taha said softly "We don't need to fear them or have alliances anymore. I will lead the other packs and you will be safe." Leah was stunned into silence for a moment, not in the least by the touch of his hand on her face. "Jacob has imprinted on their daughter, we are their friends." Leah struggled to put into words the reasons that had seemed so important a few minutes ago. Taha kept his hand on her face and was making it impossible for her to think straight. "We keep the alliance with the vampires because they are good people and they care for us too, well mainly Jacob but still they heal us if we need it. I can't just go to war with them." "I wouldn't ask you too I would ask you to stay while I did." Taha couldn't risk Leah being hurt by one of them. "NO." Jacob was back. "You can't attack Reseme's family," Jacob was shaking with rage. "They are killers all of them." Taha glared straight back at Jacob in anger. "No, not all of them and the Cullen's are peaceful." Jacob was close to losing control and began to shake. "You can't attack them." "Do you want to know what I have been doing for the past few thousand years? All I have been doing is hunting them and killing. It has been my sole purpose to kill, they do not deserve to live." "If we are to live together you need to let go of this rage." It broke Leah's heart to lay it out like this, but she couldn't watch him fight a losing battle either. "You can't fight them alone." "I can," Taha had no doubt in his mind who would win no matter how the numbers were stacked up against him. "It's all I do." Taha had attacked many different covens of vampires before, it was a matter of tactics and diversions. "Most of them are evil I agree. I'll go anywhere with you and hunt down the bad ones, but not here. They aren't evil," Leah was pleading with him now. "I can show you how to tell the difference between the good and bad ones." Taha stared at Leah seeing her distress clearly and gathered her in his arms holding her in his warm embrace. "If you come away with me, we will have to leave here. I can't be around them without losing control and wanting to destroy them. You think you can tell the difference between the good and bad ones?" Taha smiled down at her resting in his arms "Yes. When we will leave I'll tell you everything I know about them and hunt the bad vampires all you want." Leah smiled back at Taha. "Umm I'll catch you later then Leah, Taha." Jacob stepped back awkwardly obviously feeling like he was intruding on something more intimate now. Taha would always have that grief with him from his third wife, but perhaps he had grown strong enough to carry that burden now. Leah grinned and reached up for her first kiss. The End