house. The light from the three story window cast a glow on the grass. Edward quickly appeared at the back yard. He was crouched looking like he was going to attack someone. He looked pass Nessie and saw me. His eye twitched. He looked at Nessie then looked at me again flaring his nostrils. Oh shit… he thinks I did something to Nessie. Edward leaped over Nessie and tackled me to the ground. " Wait!" I thought. "No!" She yelled. "He didn't do anything… Stop!" I twisted from Edward's grip and tried to get away. I wasn't going to bite or swap him, so I had to get away so he wouldn't hurt me. He caught me by my hair on my back and pulled me back to the ground. I yelped in pain. I heard Quil in my head. "We're on our way!" Then all of the others phased. " No… stay back!" I ordered. I felt Seth's confliction because he didn't understand why Edward was attacking me. They are like brothers and hang with each other every other day. "Uncle Emmett… please stop him! Jacob didn't do anything. Please!" Nessie yelled. Esme suddenly appeared and gripped Edward's arms restraining him. She looked at Uncle Emmett as if to say a little help here. Edward didn't struggle. Emmett dashed in between us with his arms extended. I was glad that someone stopped Edward. I wasn't going to fight him back. "Perhaps someone can explain why Jacob is chasing you with your clothes torn?" Edward said in a controlled voice. He continued, "I'm reluctant to ask but require explanation or else I will have to graciously apologize to my mother for tossing her to kill him." Rosalie started clapping with excitement. What is this chick's problem? Yes, please explain somebody. I didn't hurt Nessie. I would die before I would hurt her. "Dad I'm sorry. I was having a panic attack and I ran home. My top only got torn when I ran away. Jacob was only following me to see what was wrong. I swear, Jacob didn't do anything wrong." Edward must have read her mind. He sighed. "Renesmee… I… I'm sorry." I glanced at Rosalie. She looked excited. I guess she was hoping that her brother would hurt me or something. Emmett lowered his arms and Esme let Edward go. I stood still. I was breathing hard because I was angry about not knowing what was going on. Also my back was killing me. Edward slammed me to the ground pretty hard. Rensemee ran to her father and hugged him. She started to cry. "Emmett… go get Jacob something to wear please," Esme said softly. Edward kissed the top of Renesmee's head. "I'm genuinely sorry Jacob. I hope that I did not harm you," Edward said painfully. " I'm ok," I thought. "That's it?" Rosalie whispered disappointed. I wanted to swap my paw at her. I guess that would have started a fight. Emmett came back with a pair of faded maroon sweat pants from his high school days. He placed them in my mouth and I nodded my head to him to say thank you. I ran past the corner of the house to phase back to put the pants on. I heard Rosalie huff, "I'm going to finish reading my new books." Then she went inside. "Maybe Jaspers' rubbing off on me? You see how Edward just stopped when I got in the middle," Emmett said. "I'm pretty sure it was Esme Honey," Rosalie said. I came from around the corner with Emmett's pants on. They were only a few inches too short. I walked slowly. I didn't know what to expect. I love her so much. I need to know that she's ok. She was hugging Edward and she looked up at him. "Mom sure picked a good time to go away… huh?" she said. I finally reached them. Edward must have been in my head. He gave me a meaningful look as if to say that she also needed me. I slightly nodded my head letting him know that I understood. "Are you ok?" Edward asked her. "Yes… I'm fine. I'm sorry for all of this," she mumbled. "Shhhh, you have nothing to be sorry for," he said as he cupped her face and kissed her forehead. "Not entirely, I could have called you not like I was running for my life," she said. She and Edward both smiled at each other. "I'll talk to you when you get in," Edward said in a loving tone. "Ok." "I love you too," he said. Edward dashed into the house. I stepped closer to her as she looked up at me. She took a deep breath and gazed at me not saying a word. I had no clue of what she was thinking. I wanted her to touch me and project what exactly was going on in her head. Why did she run away? She took a deep breath. "Nessie," I said softly. "Shhh… I want to talk to you in private," she explained. "Oh yeah… that's right." "Give me one moment and meet me by the side of the house." I ran around the corner of the house. I didn't know what was going on with her. She looked so confused and scared. I took off Emmett's sweat pants and phased. I picked up the pants in my mouth and walked towards Nessie. She looked so worried. " Get on my back ," I thought. She climbed up on my back and we ran off into the forest. We stopped near the banks of Lake Pleasant. No one would hear us from here. She leaped off of my back and I went behind a tree to phase back. Nessie was gazing at the lake when I walked up to her. Her heart was beating quickly. I wanted to desperately know what she was thinking. Nessie turned around to face me and took a deep breath.