and Jake knows this, my love for you have simply changed." "I love you too Bella, still after all this time." Bella took Edward's cold hand in her own. "I know and had you come ten years ago I would have left with you Edward, but I belong here now, I have my family, I love my children and I love my husband, I have grown a part of him just as Jake had become a part of me." As Edward looked down at her he could see the truth in her eyes and somehow this made the ache in him a little less hurting, his Bella was happy, she was loved and she was safe, it was all he had asked for when he left and all he had wanted for her. "Then I will be happy knowing you are happy my love." "Thank you. But Edward I can only be happy if I know you can find some happiness as well." "I think I will be able to do that now love." Edward was surprised by his own words and the truth he could feel in them, before he had not believed he could have been happy without his angel, but somehow the knowledge of her happiness now made his pain bearable, it was still there, but now he could ease it with his knowledge of her happiness. For a few hours he stayed and they spoke of so many different things. He loved to learn that his Bella had become a kindergarten teacher and was glad to hear that Charlie had found a new partner in Sue Clearwater. Hearing of how Victoria had returned made him nearly going into a riot but Bella's warm touch calmed him down, while Bella was happy to hear about what the rest of the Cullen's were now doing. She was glad to know they had been able to stay together even after they had choosen to leave Forks. As the sun started to descended, they once more stood on the porch, Edward knowing that he needed to leave but at the same time reluctant to do so. "Promise me you will send all of your family my love Edward." "They are still your family Bells." At this he was earned with a warm smile. "If I want to see you again, am I then allowed to come back?" Edward asked suddenly feeling nervous, wondering if Bella still wanted him in her life, for he still wanted her, even if he could just get a small piece of her. Tears welled in Bella's eyes as she threw her arms around him, her body now so different, but still the same. "Of course, you can always return here Edward, our door will always be open." At hearing her say "our" he felt the pain once more but managed to press it down. "Just don't wait 15 years the next time." She added with sparckling eyes. Chuckling he pushed a small lock of her hair behind her ear as he looked down at her. "I promise my love." And with those words he was once again gone, but this time, Bella could feel there was no pain in her heart. No pieces that shattered, there was only warmth from his promise. Then she heard the car which parked at the back of the house and soon her two lovely children, which she loved more than life itself, were running up the porch, both giving her huge hugs before running into the house. Then she saw Jake coming towards her and she felt how her face turned into the huge warm smile she always got when she saw him and she felt her insides tingle at the huge smile she got in return as he wrapped his strong arms around her and gave her a chaste kiss on the lips. "You smell horrible Bells." Jake gave her a pointed look as she laughed, drawing him closer to her. "I wondered when you would notice." "Everything alright with you?" The concern in his eyes was mixed with the warmth and love that was her Jacob. There was no jealously, no hate and no suspicion in his eyes and Bella felt her heart swell so much that she thought it would burst, knowing he trusted her so. What had she done to deserve this man? "Everything is perfect. He may return, just so you know." At this Jake just nodded before giving her another kiss, this time one full of promise for what to come closer to the night, which left her breathless and full of longing, before he walked into the house as well. Standing on the porch a moment longer, Bella knew she would always sometimes wonder how her existence with Edward would have been, but her years with Jacob had taught her not to live in the past. Still she knew, and Jake knew, there would always be part of her that was broken, a part of her that would always hurt when he was not there. Over the years it had grown smaller and smaller, but it would never go away. Hearing the laughter from her children inside however was all Bella needed, for she knew where she belonged and she knew where her heart belonged as well. It belonged to the boy who had become her sun in the dark, and the stars which were her children. It belonged to the rest of the pack which had become her family. She could never leave them, she loved them too much and she knew now where she belonged. The part of her heart which belonged to her Edward would stay with him however, for he was the only one, and would always be the only one, who could bring life to deepest part of her soul, the part which was missing him and would never belong to her. Just a small one-shot I had in my mind. Please leave a review. Love Lysistrate