It hurt. Somehow, her arms around him hurt. Not in any really physical way. It was like the awkwardness he'd felt since he walked in the door had come back with a vengeance, heavy to the point of pain. "It's all right." Bella's voice was quiet—a soft, tender thing that made his heart ache. She pressed the hand at his belly more firmly against him. "It's just me. Relax." With some effort, Edward sagged against her. He rested his head on hers, feeling her hair against his cheek. He shut his eyes tightly and concentrated on the feel of her hands making warm, nonsensical circles on his back. When Bella began humming, a memory stirred. Edward remembered himself as a child. He didn't remember why, but he was scared. Terrified. His whole world shook. Then, in the darkness, came a soft voice. " Shhh, baby boy. I have you. Mommy has you ." Mommy. He remembered then. His mother's voice, sweet and steady, near his ear. He remembered the way she put his arms around him, and how he clung to her. She rocked him. No. Bella rocked him. "Shh," she said. "It's okay." Back in his memories, his father was there. He pulled little Edward onto his lap, and wrapped both his arms around him. Edward's world, shaken by fear, reduced down to something more manageable—the space between his father's arms. He was safe and warm and protected. Edward sucked in air, his eyes screwed tightly shut. His heart twisted in his chest, the ache terrible. He'd begun to shake in present time. He clenched his hands in fists, and gritted his teeth. "Don't fight it," Bella said, her voice soothing. "It's okay. It's not weakness. It's just emotion, that's all. You don't have to fight it. I'm right here." Edward railed against her words. He could fight this. There was no reason he should be falling to pieces. Why? Because this woman, this stranger, hugged him? This was madness, and he should be able to stop it. Bella began to caress him then. She rubbed his tummy. His sides. She brushed her fingers over his neck, never letting him go. Finally, she smoothed the backs of her knuckles over his cheek. Edward whimpered. In his memories, he saw his mother staring down at him with adoration in her eyes as she caressed his cheek. " Beautiful boy ," she said. Other memories came. He was tiny, running toward his father with his hands outstretched. His father lifted him up into the air and then pulled him tightly against him. " I missed you too ." His mother tickled him. His father clasped his hand, his eyes shining with pride over something Edward had done. His mother peppered his face with kisses as he protested, embarrassed. His father hugged him for no other reason than it was just the way things were. A lump rose in Edward's throat. Bella raised her head. She pressed her cheek briefly against Edward's but then cupped the side of his face with one hand. She pushed lightly, guiding his head to the crook of her neck. Edward wrapped her arms around her waist and clung. He hid his face at her neck, shaking, and began to weep. It hurt and it soothed all at once. He clung to this kind, soft stranger, and she held him. She rocked him and hummed to him, scratching her fingers through his hair. She held him until he quieted, and even then, she still didn't let go. ~0~ Alice was waiting for him when he got back to his apartment. She stood, looking almost nervous as she studied him. "How was it?" "Horrible," he said without hesitation. When her face fell, he sighed and stepped quickly over to her, taking her hand. "And, really, surprisingly amazing." She quirked an eyebrow, and he sighed again. He sat on the couch, and when his sister sat beside him, Edward pulled her close. "She made me cry," he said gruffly. Alice's eyes went wide. "Really?" "Yeah. It was embarrassing as hell. I had no idea what the heck was wrong with me." He paused a beat, still digesting. "The girl, Bella… She said if people aren't used to tenderness like that, sometimes it hurts because we don't know we deserve that kind of affection." Alice was quiet for a moment, obviously searching for the right words. "What do you think about that?" Edward almost scoffed. He could tell that was exactly why Alice had sent him to that place. "I don't know," he said honestly. He'd never thought one way or another about deserving affection. "But I feel...lighter." "Lighter is good." "Yeah." Again, Edward paused, trying to find the right words. "How did you know, Ali? How did you know they even existed, let alone what they do?" She sighed. "Pretty simple story. After college and before Jasper, I needed a hug." She laughed. "So I bought one." Edward winced. They'd both been ridiculously broke during that period. "You could have asked me." Alice rested her head on his shoulder. "You only hugged me like this when I was crying. I didn't want to cry all the time. I just wanted to feel human." He closed his eyes. "I'm sorry." "It's okay. It wasn't really your job." She raised her head, and when he opened his eyes again, she was grinning at him. "Now we just have to find you someone who'll do it for free. You know, because she likes you." Edward scoffed and mussed her hair. "Yes, well. Good luck with that." He got up then, offering to make them something to eat. Alice accepted, watching her brother as he disappeared into the kitchen. "Challenge accepted," she said under her breath and grinned to herself. ~The End~ ~No, Really~ A/N: Many thanks to Linda for the inspiration and my group for egging me on. Many, many thanks to Betsy, MoH, Packy, Mina, and Eleanor. *cuddles all of you*