between them to cup his cock through his shorts. "Ah, Bella," he says, and pushes against her hand. "Yes, yes, sweet Bella. I want to so much, so much, just like that." "Like this?" Bella asks. She lets go of his cock and he grabs her wrist, glares at her - but he lets her move enough to reach the waistband of his shorts, to hook her fingers inside. "Will you let me take these off?" "I'm in a good mood," he says, shrugging one shoulder. He rolls off her enough so that she can reach, so she can pull his shorts off. Men's cocks never look as impressive as they seem to believe. But Edward is different. He isn't threatening her with it; why would he, when he can threaten her with his hands, and get what he really wants? So Bella can actually look, without cringing, without him posturing. His cock suits him, thick and hard, a match for his broad hands and his strong jaw. Bella takes it in her hand, and Edward shudders, and smiles. "Clever," he murmurs. "You make me feel so good, little Bella. So good." Bella strokes his cock slowly, firmly. It's as thick as her wrist. "Will you fuck me, Edward?" she asks. "It won't stop me from killing you," he says. His eyes are wary, as if he thinks she's trying to bargain. "You can do it at the same time, if you want to," Bella says. She thinks he would enjoy that. She lies back, spreads her legs, opens her arms to draw him down. Edward shifts on top of her, and he still looks suspicious as he settles into her embrace. Bella guides his cock between her legs, watches something like shock cross his face as he presses against her cunt. He pushes, and she squeezes her eyes shut. It burns, as his cock slides into her, and she can't help flinching. "Oh, Bella," Edward says, low and fierce. "Bella, Bella." He pulls back, thrusts in again, and he slides a little more easily this time but Bella whimpers all the same, filled and aching, his hipbones hard against her thighs. "Am I hurting you?" he asks, breathing the words into her ear, but he pushes harder as he asks. "It's all right," Bella says, holding onto his shoulders and raising her knees to let him deeper. Her voice shakes, and the corners of her eyes sting. Edward moans, mouths at her throat, bites her under the jaw, just a quick scrape of his teeth to avoid breaking skin. "It feels like - like killing you, sweet Bella, it feels good." "Yes," Bella whispers. He won't last long, not with the way he moves, fucking her in an unpracticed, harsh, entirely selfish rhythm. He doesn't know there is more of a performance he could be asking of her, doesn't demand that she tell him how good his cock feels or how much she needs to be filled with it. He only takes her, crooning in her ear about how soft she is and how easily she will break, and when he comes he laughs, as if it makes him giddy. In the aftermath he collapses on top of her at first, then pushes himself up when she struggles for breath. "Am I crushing you?" he asks. "Crushing the breath out of you?" He smiles. "That won't do," he says. "Not like that. I want to kill you but not like that." Bella turns her head away from him. Yes, crushing her would be below him. Edward pulls out, shifts his weight just enough so that he's lying against her side instead of right on top of her. One of his legs settles between hers, pinning her thigh, and his arm rests across her stomach. Her cunt feels bruised, swollen, wet. "You're so good for me, Bella," Edward tells her. "You make me feel so calm. So quiet." "Yes," Bella says. Edward has one of her hands trapped, her arm around his shoulders, but she slides the other hand down her body to part the wet curls between her legs and feel how tender, how slick he's left her. When she looks over he's watching, but calmly, not angry or leering or even particularly curious, so she lets her fingers stay there, tracing tiny circles through her folds. Most of the slickness she feels is his come, she thinks, but perhaps not all of it. And he lets her be, gives no suggestions and makes no demands as she relaxes a little more completely against him. He makes a noise the first time she shivers at the building sensation, a soft wordless croon, and strokes her side. "Pretty Bella," he murmurs. "You look like you're hurting." Bella nods, and closes her eyes. It does still hurt, a little, touching herself where he's been. Her limbs tremble, and Edward holds her like he's not sure whether to hold her close or hold her down. It doesn't matter which it is, not really, and she's quiet until the moment when she brings herself to climax, and then - when that hurts, too, something pulled so tight inside her that it aches - she lets one faint moan escape her throat. Edward kisses her like he could draw the breath from her lungs. "So sweet, Bella," he tells her, looking down into her eyes. "You suffer so prettily." She thinks no one has ever looked at her the way he does. "Shall I put out the light now?" "Yes," Bella says, and he does. She turns her back to him and braces herself for the nightmare to start again. She listens to the silence. There is no heartbeat, no sound of breathing except her own. She lets his words echo in her head to reassure herself, keeping everything else at bay. Yes, she suffers prettily. Yes, she will stay with him. Yes, he will kill her. Yes. There is nothing she wants more.