at your name" "Stop …" I choke out. Closing my eyes, I turn my head away from him. He releases my hands but doesn't move off me. His hands come down and wrap around the back of my neck, his thumbs rub along my jaw. "Look at me, Angel," he says as he turns my head towards him. " I need you to be all right I'm forever yours to hold As long as I have life." " When everything you know Starts to let you down And your world starts spinning 'round I'll be the place...where you can sleep Cause in my heart you will always be More than a friend, more than time well spent You showed me who I'm supposed to be And that makes your deserving." Opening my eyes, my vision's blurry, yet I can see as clear as day. Edward's cheeks are marked with tear tracks. His lip quivers as he continues signing to me ever so softly. " As long as I breathe As long as I need As long as I'm me … Oh I belong to you …" " As long as I'm free And as far as I see ... If my heart still beats ... Oh then it beats for you" ~oo0oo~ December 10, 2009 I've had plenty of bad days in my life. Some I even thought were the worst days at the time. But nothing will compare to the day I lost my baby boy. Garrett Anthony Whitlock was diagnosed with Krabbe Disease when he was seven months old. Jasper and I were informed that Krabbe disease is inherited; since both Jasper and I are carriers of the Krabbe-causing gene mutations, there was at least twenty-five percent likelihood that any children we had would have Krabbe disease as well. Fortunately, Lily's blood tests revealed that she is simply a carrier of the disease. It is estimated that Krabbe disease affects approximately 1 out of every 100,000-200,000 people worldwide. Approximately ninety percent of these cases are infantile Krabbe, in which symptoms begin before the age of one. These babies quickly stop developing normally and often die before the age of two. Garrett had a rapidly fatal form of the disease, challenging previous research. He died just three months after his brain began deteriorating. It was a gorgeous day. The sun was shining, and it was warm enough to spend a few hours in the back yard swinging with my Angel. He loved the sun. He was in so much pain his last few days, cringing every time he was touched, yet crying because he wanted to be held. On December tenth, after rapidly becoming paralyzed, and blind, I held my ten month old, beautiful baby boy as he took his last breath. A mother should never have to experience that sort of pain. I could have died right alongside Garrett that day. I will never regret the time I had with my son. He's an angel that was sent down for me, even if it was just briefly. He was loved so much, he touched so many people's lives, we will never be the same because of him. ~oo0oo~ December 10, 2012 "Hi baby." I place Garrett's toy fire truck in front of his tombstone as I sit down on the grass. "I can't believe so much time has passed since I last held you in my arms. I miss you so much, baby boy. Mama loves you so much. I miss your beautiful, blue eyes, that precious smile that could light up a room. I miss your chubby little fingers gripping my hand. I miss your hugs, your kisses … I just miss you." I whisper in the air as tears rolls down my cheek. "I know you're in a better place, sweetheart, and you aren't suffering anymore. I thank God for that. I can feel you around me all the time. Are you watching us, baby? Your sister talks to you, I can hear her in her room at night. It's been hard for Lily, she misses her baby brother. She doesn't understand that not having you here with us means that you're at peace. That you're out their healthy and running around just like you were always meant to be, that you're smiling again. "Mama's finally smiling again, honey. I found someone who truly loves me, loves your sister. He makes us both happy, baby. I wish he could have met you. You would have loved him, and he would have adored you. "I actually grew up with him. He's aunt Ali's brother. His name is Edward. I will never forget about you, no matter who comes into my life. A mama's heart holds a special place for her children, a place no other human being can ever fill or take away. You will always be my baby boy. Mama will always love you. "There isn't a day that goes by I don't think of you, think of all the milestones you would have accomplished. "I'm so sorry I couldn't give you a healthy body. Sometimes I wonder … if I hadn't met your father, fallen in love with him … would you have had a healthy, normal life? But then, I wouldn't have had you or your sister. I would have never met you, fell in love with you, had you in my life. No matter how short that time was. You have made my life so much more meaningful—I would never trade one day I spent with you. "I love you Garrett …" ~oo0oo~ I should have listened to Alice that night. I should have put on my best Sunday dress, curled my hair, and plastered my face with makeup. Maybe then I would have avoided the tsunami of pain that was going to crash into my life years later. But...can you really regret something—someone — when they gave you the reason for your existence? ~o0o~FIN~o0o~ Song: Yours to Hold - Brett Young watch?v=DVzDXZHhUNg&feature=