he calls home, the place he has made me promise to never lay eyes on. What if he has grown ill? Maybe he needs me? But we could miss one another if I leave - he could arrive while I am out looking for him. I decide I cannot wait a minute longer in this room, alone without him, when a quiet knock sounds against my door. I know it be not Jasper, for he knocks once then pauses, before knocking twice more. Still, I dare to hope. I find my mother, looking distraught and covered in a dark cloak, obviously hiding her identity. I know something to be terribly wrong, never having seen her wear a secretive demeanor, nor has she visited my bedchamber since I was but a small boy. "Mother? What is it?" My voice betrays the panic I feel coursing through my veins. "Edward. You must make haste, my son." She cups my cheek with a loving touch, unlike any she has shown me in a very long time, and tells me in hushed tones the King has been informed by one of his many spies that I love my male companion. In anger and spite, he had Jasper attacked and taken to the dungeon just after we parted ways this morning. "I implore you, make your decision wisely. If he is still alive, if you choose to free him, you will never be welcome in the kingdom forevermore!" she warns. "I have no choice, Mother. I must go to Jasper. If he no longer lives, I might as well be dead, myself. This is good bye, either way. You shall not see me again." Taking me into her arms, she holds me, rocking back and forth. In her embrace, I feel her love and her apology for the mother she has had to be. To ensure informants cannot overhear, she whispers to me - of my horse tied to a tree just inside the shelter of the feared forest, that the rumors are all true of the old woman, the witch who can heal. Residing deep within the feared forest, she will help me in return for gold. She will help, then forget that we were ever there. Mother assures me that good at heart as I am, I may travel through the woods unharmed. Mother places a small bag of gold in my hand, just before I tell her how much I love her. I leave before the tears that brim her green eyes spill down her cheeks. Taking the secret passages, I find Jasper in a heap in the darkest corner of the dungeon. The guard, attempting to send word to my father, suffers the fate of a crushed skull, instead. I cannot contain my tears at the bloodied sight of my love. Unconscious, every visible inch of his perfect skin is bruised and swollen. His heart beats, but barely. His breaths are shallow, few and far between. "Hold on, my love. Please, hold on!" I beg of him, kissing away the dried blood, the metal taste nauseating on my tongue, yet I don't care. I will take any part of him, his blood included. Fortunately, shock sets in, affording me the strength to move without thought through the secret passages, to my horse, and deep into the feared forest. Eventually, a flickering light shows through the thick trees, leading me to a dilapidated shack. The old woman is every bit a witch, weathered beyond years I ever knew possible. She wears but rags, mumbling incoherent words I fear she herself does not understand. She takes my gold, inviting me in. A large cauldron bubbles in the middle of the one small room. With no bed in sight, she motions for me to lay Jasper on a pile of worn blankets. I cannot believe he has made it thus far; the enormity of the situation truly sinks in, that I will lose my heart to death and myself shortly following, for sure. The old woman works over Jasper through the night, rubbing different ointments on his wounds, chanting songs I dare not endeavor to understand. Reluctantly, I drink the tea she insists I accept, after which I am unable to stay awake, in and out of consciousness, until sunlight shows through the spaces between the boards of her humble abode. Eventually, I am able to shake the haze that clouds my mind, and I realize my Jasper appears much improved. His wounds have healed, and the swelling has gone down considerably. The old woman helps him to sip soup. When he looks to me through black and blue marred eyes, I know in this moment that he will recover. Finally, tears of joy replace the tortured tears I now realize have fallen from my eyes in a continuous stream since I found him at death's door, even while under the witch's trance. … He holds me in his arms under the stars. He does every dry night the sky provides for us. Though we have already made love once tonight, I decide it is now my turn, that I must feel his tight heat surrounding me before we make our way inside the cabin we built together those ten years ago. I move so that I am suddenly above him, carefully keeping my weight from my left knee. It has never worked right, since the beating I sustained the day we fled the kingdom. Edward chuckles below me as my lips claim his. Between kisses, he teases that I have made him lose count again. Yet, I know he minds not, that he would rather receive my body within his, than continue counting the stars. Thanks to him and his love for me, his willingness to give up his fortune and his kingdom, we are free to count the stars together every night, and the clouds in the light of day, for the rest of our lives. Song: Counting Stars, One Republic watch?v=9BMnXXrvcyA