Without it, she swore she would get lost in the intensity of his kiss. Her whole body was alive, aware of his, calling for him. Only when he'd kissed her so thoroughly she forgot what she'd asked did he release her lips. He spun her around. With his hand on the middle of her back, he pushed her over the hood of the lone car. He was over her the next second, his body bending along with hers. Her palms were flat on the metal. He was pressed up against her, his head next to hers. "You want me to tell you what you do to me? You're sure you want to know?" "Tell me what you think about." She swallowed hard. Her head was swimming, but she was done being silent. "You've been driving me crazy all month." "This last month? Oh, little girl. You have no idea how long you've plagued me." He took the lobe of her ear between his teeth, biting down. His hands were between them, rough on her ass, grabbing, kneading. "Every day, Bella. Every day for months. All I could think about was how much I wanted you. It pissed me off." His lips were against her ear, his every word like a physical entity that hit every nerve ending she had. "You know what I think?" "Tell me." "I think you deserve to be punished." His words were a growl that sent a rush of fear followed by a thrill of excitement. For a moment, his weight was gone from her. She heard a clink and a rustle before his belt landed on the car in front of her face. "See this? You want to know what I thought of? I thought of bending you over your desk, just like this, and painting your pretty white ass with blue and purple stripes." Bella turned her head into the hood of the car to hide her moan. She should be frightened, but she wasn't. She understood. She understood the... violence of the emotion she felt for him, the need that was maddening, the irrational anger. Edward pushed his hips into hers, his erection obvious against her ass. "I wanted you to feel what I felt. How painful it was to see you every day and not to touch you. You drove me out of my mind. The filthy, depraved things I've thought about, Bella..." He reached out, wrapping his hand in a fist around the belt. Bella's body jolted against his. She wasn't at all sure he wasn't going to use it after all. She wasn't at all sure she would protest if he did. She wasn't sure of anything about herself or what the fuck they were doing anymore. "That's what I wanted," Edward continued. "One strike for every debased fantasy, every time the things I imagined made me feel like the world's biggest pervert. I wanted you to feel the sting." He straightened up slightly, keeping one hand splayed between her shoulders while he caressed her ass with the other. "And when your ass is on fire, I'm going to take you from behind so you feel it down to your bones every time I slam my cock deep inside you." "Oh, god. Oh, god. Oh, god." He bucked his hips against her, and he growled. It was such an animalistic sound. He bent his body over hers, his head next to hers. "Bella, Bella, Bella. This is driving me insane." Bella bucked her body up against his chest, and he followed her silent direction, standing enough so she could wiggle around. When she was facing the other direction. She sat back on the car, and cupped his face in her hands. She brought him back to her and kissed him again, spreading her legs so his body fit between them. "Why do you let me say these things to you?" he asked. For once, he sounded lost. Lost, confused, even scared. But his hands were firm at her side, and he dipped his head to scrape his teeth along her neck. "I... I don't know." "You have to know." Bella whimpered as his teeth closed down along her neck. Her hands were in his hair. She tugged. "I want you," she whispered. "What part of me?" She understood what he was asking. Did she just want this heady lust or did she want more? She knew instinctively she could have him any which way she wanted. Bella dropped her hands to his shoulders, then to his upper arms. "I want you. " He froze, his arms around her, his lips moist at her neck. He shook beneath her hands, his breath a shudder against her skin. Then he stepped back. His hands were still at her waist. He was still so close she could feel his heat, but not so close that she felt like he was about to devour her. "So... do you, um." He swallowed hard and rested his forehead against hers as if he needed to touch her in as many ways as possible even though he was obviously trying to overcome his more hormonal urges. "Do you maybe want to get a cup of coffee with me?" Bella couldn't help it. She giggled. He chuckled. Then both of them were cracking up. He pulled her up off the car, cradling her close. He kissed the tip of her nose. She sighed. "What don't I want to do with you." He growled and his hands went down to her ass. He squeezed. "Dammit, Bella. Don't start that again." She pushed up onto her tiptoes to kiss him again. "Yes. Let's get coffee. After work. Today." He grinned. "Today." He sighed again and kissed her one more time before he reluctantly let her go. Bella watched, biting her bottom lip as he pulled his glasses from his pocket and readjusted them on his face. There he was. Edward the geek. It was always the quiet ones. ~The End~