arms and closed her eyes and sighed. Jake squeezed her even tighter after hearing her exhale. He smelled so good to her that she wanted to kiss and lick his chest. She wanted to kiss him so bad but she knew that it probably wouldn't be that appropriate. Nessie wanted to feel his lips on hers. Would it be wrong to kiss him? I know he has to feel the same way about me. God I swear I'm in love with him. He's everything I ever wanted. Kiss him… Just do it. Just look up at him and kiss him damnit. Nessie moaned softly getting lost in the moment. Jake couldn't help but to get hard. She felt the imprint of his dick on her stomach and her pussy clinched. He felt embarrassed and wanted to back away from her so she wouldn't feel uncomfortable. Nessie looked up at him and her mouth slightly opened. Jake didn't move away like he planned. He was in a trance looking at the soft flesh of her inner lips. He desperately wanted his tongue to taste her beautiful mouth. Nessie unconsciously stood on her toes so that she could be taller. Jake automatically brought his hands to her face and softly kissed her lips. His dick was rock hard and couldn't do a thing about it. Jake deepened the kiss and she murmured in his mouth. She had never been kissed like this in her entire life. She felt a rush of wetness in her panties and her knees almost gave out. Jake pulled her closer to his body with one arm and ran his fingers in her hair with the other. He couldn't believe that he was actually kissing his imprint. There were a few cheers in the background… But none of them could register anything except for the way they made each other feel. Nessie made a deeper moan in his mouth and he thought he was gonna lose it and come in his shorts. He pulled away from the kiss because it was becoming torture. He wanted her so bad but knew he couldn't throw her on the ground and take her like he wanted to. Nessie's eyes were misting as she looked up at him. "Wow," Jake breathed. "Wow." "So… I know we just spent hours talking… but all I'm thinking about is talking to you on the phone all night." Nessie shook her head yes still dazed about their kiss. "I'll call you tonight… ok." "Ok," she breathed. Jake looked down at her ankle and the corner of his lip curled down. He was upset that his imprint was hurt. "How does your ankle feel?" "Huh?" "Your ankle." "Oh... Um it's better." "You know I can still carry you around it you want. I'll carry you home." "That's ok. We came in a car. But I may wanna piggy back tomorrow," she said with a gentle smile. "Sure… whatever you want." "Promise?" "Piggy back or whatever you want ?" "I was thinking piggy back at first… but leaving it open to whatever I want may be tricky." "Why is that?" Nessie smiled while she gazed at him thinking dirty thoughts. "Um… No reason," she smirked. It was time to say goodbye. Nessie really didn't want to leave his side. But they had made plans to go out to dinner the next day. She was ecstatic that she would be able to spend more time with him. Plus she couldn't wait to talk to him later that night. He kissed her gently on her forehead before she walked away with her friends. Nessie didn't bother taking off the fabric on her ankle. She didn't want Jake to throw it away and wanted to keep it for herself as a sentimental reminder of that day. She always cursed her clumsiness in the past. Now she thought that it just may have given her a chance to spend hours talking to the man of her dreams. Jake watched her get in the car and drive off. The further she got the more his heart ached. "Wow… you actually did it," Quil said in amazement. "You know our alpha gotz skills," Embry said as he patted him on the back. "Wow… she must feel the imprint pull," Jared said. "Kim told me that after I imprinted on her... she couldn't resist me though she tried. It wasn't long before we were tearing off each other's clothes. She wanted me for her mate… so I gave her that." "Yeah… and nine months later yall had Jared Jr." Paul said. "Yo… be careful," Sam said. "If your imprint wants you sexually it's gonna be hard for you to tame your wolf; especially if she's ovulating . It's like our bodies know it and need to mate. So what's that… a few weeks since she's on her cycle?" "Um… Yeah," Jake muttered. Jake knew that all of this was gonna be hard for the both of them. Nessie had no clue of what he was… and what their bodies would go through soon. He was so horny for her now... he couldn't even imagine it getting worst. The hard part was over. His imprint accepted him. Well… not totally. Yes she had feelings for him… but she had no clue that he was a shifter. One day she would have to find out. He prayed that she would still want him and that their bond couldn't be broken because of the truth. But the truth was that he loved her and would do anything for her. There was no denying that he wouldn't be everything that she ever needed. But the truth could also scare her away… and that would be more devastating than anything that he could imagine. Author's Note: Please review and let me know what you think. I promise that there will be juicy lemons, drama, and all that good stuff in later chapters. Once again… I LOVE ALL OF MY READERS!