and wonderful as mine." ~0~ "Well, it's done," Bella said. Edward, who had been sitting across from her, his feet propped up on her desk as he thumbed through an architecture journal, stood instantly. He went around to her side of the desk. He took her hand, guiding her to her feet, and sat down in her chair. He pulled her back down onto his lap and reached for her mouse, scrolling to the top of the article. As he read, Bella rested her head on his shoulder, breathing in the smell of him. She was, as always, nervous. Of course, she wanted him to enjoy her article, and there was always that question—wondering if she'd gotten it right. But beyond that, she also loved this part. Whenever she had a deadline she had to meet that kept her in the office late, Edward tended to drift over. He never bothered her, sitting across from her and doing his own thing until she finished. Bella always found his presence soothing, but it was this part she loved. She loved the way he was always eager to be the first person to read her work. She loved coming down from the adrenaline of writing by lounging in his arms like this. She loved how he kept one hand on the mouse while the other strummed her back. She loved that she could feel the vibration of his grunts and chuckles as he read. Bella loved this man with an intensity that rocked her every time. "This is great, Bella," Edward said when he was done. He kissed her forehead. "Really, honestly stupendous. I didn't know much about Zafrina going into this article, but you've made her seem so fascinating." "She is fascinating," Bella said. "Easily one of the top twenty women of all time that I look up to." "Your passion shows through." His fingers curled in her hair as he spoke, and his smile was adoring when he looked at her. "You have a gift, love. The way you make me see the essence of a person or of a situation—I love that about your work." Warmth spread through Bella, and she tilted her head up, inviting his kiss. He obliged, cupping her cheek as he kissed her soft and slow. "I'm so proud of you," he said, the words rumbling against his lips. "This is going to be a great thing." "Yeah," Bella said, ducking her head and looking away. "What's wrong?" Bella grimaced. "I know this was what Zafrina wanted, but I hate the fact this might just make my name." She pressed her lips together, fighting dissatisfaction. "Not all the other things in the article. Not her art—the way she's able to capture the souls of people and cities. Not her work—what she's done for people in need. No one will care about all that. I'm going to be the reporter who got Zafrina Ibori to open up about her tattoos." "Hmm." Edward ran the tip of his nose along her cheekbone. "I imagine it's as frustrating as Zafrina feels. What she said about the fact she will always be more well known for breaking a famous actor's heart than she will be for what she gave to the world. Her art. Her charity." He pressed a kiss to the corner of her mouth. "Yet, her work is obviously appreciated. She's getting this award. There are plenty of people like you who appreciate the good she's done, the beauty she's brought. Your article will help others find her, too. And, more importantly to me, it will help people find you. "So, maybe you will be most known for being that reporter who got Zafrina to spill a decades old secret. What matters is the people who will see more. The ones who will remember everything else you said about Zafrina. The ones who will be as impressed as I am at the way you bring a person to life. Take the chance, Bella. You deserve it, whether you got it how you expected or not." Bella smiled and looped her arms around his neck. "You really think it's a good article?" "One of your best. Tied for first place with that story you did about the guy who got stuck in the Easter bunny suit." She giggled and smacked his chest. He caught her hand and kissed her. "Now come on," he said, his voice gone low and gravelly. "Send the damn thing to your editor so I can get you out of here. I want to fuck you before you decide a Pulitzer Prize winning journalist shouldn't be seen with the likes of me." "You're ridiculous," she said, getting to her feet. He stood, wrapping an arm around her waist. "What does that make you for falling in love with me?" She sighed. "A nincompoop," she quipped, leaning over to send the article and shut down her computer. In the early hours of the morning, well after Edward had fallen asleep, one arm thrown haphazardly around her bare midriff, Bella lay awake. She couldn't stop thinking about everything Zafrina had said about love—the in-love kind of love. The stuff tattoos were made of. Consuming, Zafrina had said. I lose sight of so much else when I'm in love, and I have more important things to do. Bella looked over at Edward. She ran her fingers through his hair, filled as she always was with warmth, tenderness, and passion. Consumed with love. Good god, she understood Zafrina's sentiment. So much of her life was wrapped up in this beautiful man. Given how much of her passion, her desires and wants, lay elsewhere, Bella couldn't help but worry. After all, the women she admired most—Zafrina and Edward's ex-wife Tanya among them—tended to put love second. What did that say about her? What did that say about her future with this wonderful man? A/N: How we doing out there, kids? Don't worry too much. This isn't an angst story.