strands, gripping on the riding current. A constant melody streams from our mouths, telling of our bodies' harmony. "Edward. . ." flows from my mouth with the growing sensation, his mouth captures my moans, and I feel the hot stiffness in his pants pressing to my inner thigh. He is moving his hips sensually as his hand begins to pet between my legs. Made to lay under you sing songs in my mind before an all-consuming bell generates from my core and rings through my body. My body shakes, my legs squeeze together as the waves overtake me. Edward stills. Tender kisses pepper my jaw line and a blush surfaces to my face when I look at him. Mmm ..." He says with a jolt from his hips, causing my panties to tingle more. Reaching both of my hands between us, I go to unbutton and unzip his trousers. Edward's eyes become heavy in a haze as I slip my hand into his boxers. Carefully, not wanting to hurt him, I wrap my hand around him. My heart is beating super-fast. He is thick and solid, hot, with a silky smoothness, and a sweat on his skin. There's a straining in his features. His neck and forehead color under the pressure when my hand explores slowly, up and down him. " a" he groans and how it makes me yearn. "Want to touch. . ." Hisses from his lips and his hand comes up to slip into my panties. "Mmm." His hips rock and his fingers cover, cup onto my private. I gasp with new desire and grind, pushing myself into his hold. Edward tenses, "You're going to make me, me." His hands move to grip the couch, his thrusts speed as a moan rips through him. His face buries into my neck and he pens my hand between his body and mine. His length presses hard between my legs and my hand bathes in his warmth. I come undone again and my body lights like midday sun. 0+ +0 The next day, Edward has me wait in the college's library for him so there are no more incidents with the cat. We've declared our love and devotion to one another, announcing it to the world as we hold hands every second we're together. When he leaves my home after dinner, it's the worst of tortures, and my heart aches to be near him. 0+ +0 Edward and I arrive five minutes late to the meeting. He gave me a tour of the janitor's supply closet underneath the stairs, where our mouths took tours of their own. Descending the stairs with a spring in my step, I can hear the conversation. "Irina ran off with Charlotte last year. Weren't you and Amun dancing?" "And then he moved away." Sulpicia says sourly. "That must be Edward and Bella." I jump the last step, "Sorry we're late." Edward brushes on by me, with his leg skimming my bottom, and I a blush. He takes my hand to seat us. "I couldn't pull Bella away from her books." He grins without taking his eyes from me. Victoria smiles brightly at me. The room feels different; although, it looks the same. Perhaps it's the extra candle lit next to mine. "We haven't started yet. Looks like you two have become more than acquainted." Victoria warmly greets us. Irina claps her hands in delight while I sit, "Have either of you been to the Winter Solstice?" As Edward and I look at one another, she continues, "Because..." She gasps and my peripheral catches my candle in motion. Edward snatches me up. Sulpicia falls back in her chair, the flame from my candle jumps and flares towards Sulpicia. I scream, Irina screams. I can't see what's happening. Edward protectively drags me away from the table with his arms around me. Victoria is on her feet, removing her coat, speaking in another tongue. The fire's gone within a few seconds. "Go get your father and the doctor!" Irina stands frozen and Victoria yells louder, "NOW!" She runs up the stairs, stuttering with shock, "Sulpicia?" "She did it to herself!" Edward seethes. "I saw... Take Bella home before she wakes up." My body shakes violently. I'm confused. Edward guides me away. "We can't come back here." He says to me, to Victoria. "Why?" I question, looking back at Victoria on the floor. She has Sulpicia pulled onto her lap, inspecting her burn. I can't see her face, just the side of her head. It's burnt bald, her skin bubbled pink and red. I wonder out loud, "Is she dead?" Tears blind my vision and yet I see her disappear. Edward tenses, picking me up in his arms with an urgency to carry me from the room. Victoria does not flinch. She throws her coat from her lap and snatches the hissing, growling black cat. She's injured and scared, clawing and wailing frantically for her freedom. 0+ +0 One month later, I'm getting ready to meet Edward's parents and we have a new routine. We meet at Victoria's home, where other couples join us, her and Demetri host these gatherings. Irina does not join us. Turns out, Sulpicia is her sister. Marcus and Bree hid the truth; but Sulpicia knew and felt rejected. This accumulated over most of her years. She did not want to be like her mother: the woman not chosen. Her jealousy became her fury. Bree and Sulpicia moved away days after that meeting. The questions circle around her magic. How was she able to turn into a cat? How did she make the candle move, the ring appear on Edward's finger? Did someone teach her? There's been a hex placed around her neck, though - an invisible red collar of sorts to keep her from harming anyone. She knows the spell that's on her tongue will only be for her. 0+ The End +0 Song: "Tip of My Tongue" by The Civil Wars ( /K2HD4E5QV1Q)