"Me, too." "So…okay?" I hesitated for a second, a rush of fear that at the end of this I would end up used and alone again. "Edward?" I said in a tiny voice. He shook his head gently. "I'm not going anywhere. It's you and me, forever. I love you, Bella." I smiled through my watery eyes. "I love you, too, Edward." As he bent his head to kiss me slowly and thoroughly, I tilted my pelvis so the tip of him was aligned perfectly. He pushed slightly, barely breaching my entrance. I felt the vibrations of his moan as he eased in further. His cock stretched and filled me until I was completely full in the most exquisite way. "You're perfect, my Bella," he whispered as he wrapped his arms around me and held me close. His eyes never left my face as he rocked in and out of me, loving my body in a way I hadn't realized was possible. Each stroke brought us higher, tugged us closer to the edge. Sighs and soft mewls mingled in the air together while our bodies moved as one. With a particularly intense roll of his hips into mine, I keened out his name and fell into the abyss; trembling, shaking, fluttering around him. "Baby," he moaned and dropped his forehead to mine as he reached his completion inside me. After a moment he lowered his lips to mine, capturing them fully, just as he had my heart. "My girl," he murmured as we came up for air. "Love you, baby." The smile that spread across my face was wide and true. "Love you, too." I woke to warm sunlight and Edward spooning me. Careful not to wake him, I turned over in his arms to look at the bronze-haired Adonis holding me. An adorable smirk graced his features when he sighed, "My Bella." Shock stunned me before happiness filled my heart. With a bright grin, I slipped from the bed and threw on a shirt to go make breakfast for us. I was humming and flipping bacon in the pan when I heard my front door open. I whipped my head to see Tanya waltzing in. "Hey, B! Where'd you run off to last night? I looked to see how it was going with you and Eric, but couldn't find you." "I-I, um…" My heart pounded. What would she say when she found out about Edward? What would Edward say when he saw both of us side by side in the harsh light of day? My breathing kicked up rapidly as panic started to set in. "Bella!" Edward yelled out from my bedroom. "I don't know what you're doing, but get your sexy self back in here so I can love you all over again." Tanya and I both stared at each other with wide, amazed eyes. "You have a boy here?" she squeaked. Just then, a very disheveled-looking Edward in only his boxers emerged from the hallway, taking in the two of us. He flashed his crooked smile at me. "There you are, baby. What are you doing out of bed before I woke up?" I blinked at him and gestured to the stove. "Breakfast?" He chuckled and Tanya cleared her throat. "What the hell is going? What are you doing here, Edward?" He cocked an eyebrow at her and walked over to put his arms around me. "Enjoying a Saturday morning with my girlfriend." Heat filled my cheeks and I bit my lip against a smile. Tanya narrowed her eyes. "Your girlfriend? Look, I don't know what kind of sick game you are playing, but not with my twin! I won't let you use her and then break her heart. Not happening again." "You don't know what the fuck you're talking about. Don't assume things about me. I would never hurt Bella." "Yeah, sure. Guys like you do not go for girls like her, except for one thing." I gasped at the unspoken dis in her words. Edward dropped his arms and stalked toward her. "How dare you say something like that. You need to take a good, long look at your sister and finally see her for the beautiful woman she is, both inside and out! I was attracted to Bella from the moment I set eyes on her and to find out how sweet and smart she was, too, made me know for sure that she's perfect for me." He crossed back to me and pulled me into his chest. "Even if I wasn't crazy in love with Bella, I wouldn't touch you with a ten foot pole, he said with disgust. "Look at you! Caked on make-up, skin and bones, and clothes that broadcast how little self-respect you have." "Listen, asshole, I know I'm gorgeous. I have guys falling at my feet and they always tell me how beautiful I am. You scream for attention." "Sure, you can be pretty. But you're like sun glare. It is blinding and hurts your eyes and all you want to do is get away from it. And then once that garish, harsh light is gone, you can look around and finally see the beauty surrounding you." Edward looked down at me, "Come on, baby. I want to take my girl to breakfast." He dropped a kiss to my mouth and started pulling me back to my room. "Tanya, feel free to have whet Bella prepared, you could stand to gain a few pounds and give yourself some female curves." Edward snuggled me under his arm as we sat in the diner booth while we waited for our meals. He tilted my chin up and pressed his lips softly to mine. His fingers trailed down my neck and collarbone to rest his palm over my heart. "Thank you for setting your heart free." I shook my head with a smile playing at my lips. "It's not free, it's yours." Song: Hello, My Old Heart – The Oh Hellos watch?v=AObC5VKMdEc