can open a Gate. Shimmering, silvery magic forms into a tight ball, which explodes, hitting the demon dead center and sucking it into a blindingly bright void. The demon disappears – but the void remains, growing darker into a true black hole, pulling trees into the gaping mouth. A strong arm wraps around her waist, pulling her back against a broad chest, lips appearing at her ear. "Tell it to go away," Edward orders her, voice like velvet over silk, gently guiding one of her hands out, palm up. "Or it'll take this whole place with it." Stop, now. Please stop. Miraculously – magically – the black hole collapses on itself, as easily as sunrise, the silver magic absorbing right into Bella's skin. Naturally. Bella leans back into Edward's chest, suddenly tired beyond all reason, but safe and secure in the arms of her Guard. Her Guard . Her face erupts in flames. The threat was gone and now Bella was developing feelings for Edward, who probably didn't want a thing to do with her and- Bella wasn't sure how it happened. She didn't care. One moment, she was panicking internally, the next, lips were on hers, ardent, demanding entrance, and she was helpless against them. She had the wild thought that Edward was much like a little boy on a playground, tugging at the pigtails of the girl he fancied. The thought, and many others, were pushed away by Edward's strong hands on her body, pulling at the cloak he fashioned from magic, caressing the curve of her breast. His lips found the juncture of her neck and shoulder as his hands found the ties on her shirt and pants. For her part, Bella's hands were just as insistent and arguably more forceful, pent up, and repressed lust guiding the movement of her body, the path of her hands, the tightening of her fingers in the riot of his penny-colored hair. She gasped into the twilight forest as her back found purchase on the ground, chin tilted up as Edward's passionate mouth found the most sensitive places on her body. He covered her completely, their considerable height difference shrinking her, making her feel more feminine than she had in her entire life. His fingers probed the slickness between her thighs, carefully examining every inch of her womanhood until she shattered twice beneath him, sobbing, clutching at his strong shoulders. His narrow hips settled into the dip of her thighs, his hands sliding around to arch her back, forcing their chests into close contact. He entered her in one smooth thrust, punctuated by her shiver of delight and his groan of ecstasy. Edward holds her very close and pays attention to her cues, his eyes bright and iridescent as he gasps her name into the open air. It was much later before Bella could speak, and when she did, she could feel how swollen her lips were – she quite liked the feeling. The moon is bright overhead and the night is still warm. "I didn't realize you liked me," she said into the firm muscles of his lean chest. His large hand strokes the curls of her hair, the other tapping an unidentifiable rhythm onto her spine. "You weaken me," he says eventually. "I don't like that, but you are addictive, even with your inane questions." She props her chin onto his collarbone, feeling weightless and happy and decidedly not crazy – and then she sees his suddenly panicked expression. "Edward?" Only, when she speaks, she is no longer looking at the man who quite possible ruined her for all others. Instead, she is gaping at her own reflection in her bathroom mirror, naked as the day she was born, lips bitten bright red, cheeks drained of color, dark hair matted. And pushed into the corner of her bathroom are her clothes. Bella cries. Her eyes are murky-green again. She enjoys the time she is allowed to sit at the window. She likes the sunshine because it reminds her of a moment of happiness and adventure; she is quick to turn away at dusk, pained by the memories that were truly delusions. With the medications, she no longer hears his voice and no movements are in the mirrors. Angela and Ben visit sometimes, but Bella rarely remembers what they speak about. She cries at the scent of pine and leather. Months pass. Maybe years. Time doesn't matter to one who was never a Gatekeeper. Bella wakes up with a gasp, eyes wide, sitting straight on the cot-like bed in her single room. The door is open, as they always are in the mental hospital. The clock indicates the time as the middle of the night, right when the influence of the medication was the weakest. There is a voice in her head, painfully familiar. And in the mirror, mint-green eyes beckon her forward. "You're not crazy," he repeats, his voice cracked and dry, as if he has been saying this same sentence for hours or years or forever. Bella stands from the bed, hospital gown hanging off her body. The mirror in this room is small and this time, Bella doesn't care if he's a delusion. "I've missed you." "Come back through the Seam." "You're not real," she argues, on the verge of a breakdown. At this point, the argument is only reflex. Edward is the most real person in her world. "I am real. Come back." Bella frowns, tracing the edge of the mirror, a repeat of history; she'd done the same thing the first time. "Why did I have to leave?" "Lord said it had to do with using the Last Original's magic," Edward says dismissively, pushing his hand easily through the mirror. "Take my hand. You'll never have to leave again." Bella smiles, her fingers curling around Edward's, as easily as breathing. And she allows herself to be pulled into the Hidden, through the Seam. "I love you." -END- Song: Hidden Seam by Lisa Knapp watch?v=kX9xb7Nkgog