longer be the happy go lucky one it had been before. So I made a plan to end the pain one way or another if it got too much. ~Present~ "That night I figured out I had a kindred spirit in you but I thought it was because of the imprints but it was because of the other imprinter. Now I definitely know I am not alone in this world anymore Jake. Thanks for stopping me. However, I cannot stay here anymore after what just happened between us. It was bittersweet but it was a goodbye between lovers. It felt good to be back in his arms again. Then when we were done he looked to be in so much pain, I just got up and left and told him to forget it ever happened. I couldn't hurt him still after all this time but I can't live without him and stay here." ~Five Hours Ago~ He was making love to me again and I felt at peace for the first time in a long time. I started crying as I reached my climax and he fell on top of me. However, once the high of the moment was gone he started to panic. "What am I going to do Seth? I cheated the week of my wedding. I am such a worthless piece of shit. I can't believe I hurt her." Hearing him mention her and how he hurt her burned like acid in my heart and I made a quick decision to get out of his grasp and end my life. "It's not your fault. It's mine but don't worry it will never happen again. I promise you that you will remain faithful from now on. I won't tempt you again." After putting my shoes back on I walked to cliffs in a haze. Promptly walking to the highest point prepared to end my life until I felt someone grab my arm. ~Present~ "Why don't you come with me?" "Come with you?" I asked as I wiped the tears that had fallen as I relived the memory. "Yeah, I am leaving tonight. I am going to start over fresh somewhere else. I don't know the location yet. They won't tell me because of the mind link just to be on the safe side." "Who are they?" "The Cullens. Matter of fact I am calling them now and they are going to get you sorted out too." "Really? That sounds like a good plan." "I need you to get your truck they want to sell it so they can start a money base for you in the stock market." "Okay is that what happened to the rabbit?" He nodded. I rose up and walked back to my house grateful that no one was home. I grabbed the keys to my house and wrote two letters: one for my family, one for my heart. I placed the letter for my family on my bed and headed out to glance around the house one more time and then left. Making a pit stop I dropped the letter for my heart in our special place and then went back to the cliffs to meet Jake. ~Jacob~ While Seth went home to prepare for our trip, I went to the house and wrote two letters for my family and the one who broke my heart. I packed up the important things, including a picture of my mom, and then looked around the house once more and said goodbye to my own life and began the trek to my new one. Placing the letter for my family on Billy's bed hoping to give us some time to get away beforehand and the other in our meadow knowing that he won't be returning their anytime soon. Once that was done, I walked back to the cliffs and saw Seth sitting in his truck. "Hey, you ready to go?" "Yep, I am. I did everything I needed to. Are you ready to say goodbye?" "Sure, sure I have been." He pulled out of La Push for the last time and we stopped at the border and we took a moment to let it all settle in our minds and then we headed off to the Cullens. Three hours later, we were boarding the plane for our first transatlantic flight to start our new lives. I am ready for the fresh start because since we pulled out of La Push I have thought about him less and less and now I am no longer questioning if this was a good thing. Halfway through the flight both Seth and I start getting horribly sick. Running back and forth to the bathroom to throw every five minutes not able to keep anything they give us down. It looks like we might have to call the doc when we land to give us something because clearly we don't like to fly. Eventually, we are given sleep aid to fall asleep. ~London, England~ Landing at Heathrow Airport, we work our way through all the people getting luggage and grab our bags. Once out of the airport, I call the Doc and he says he will be here in the morning to check up on us and that our cars are parked in extended parking just show our ids. Getting our cars we head to our apartment and crash hoping that tomorrow we will feel better enough to explore and find things. "Hey I sorta miss my dad. I feel like I should have said goodbye." "Yeah I know what you mean. I should have said goodbye to my mom. But they have our sisters and my mom has Charlie so they should be fine." ~The Next Morning~ ~Carlisle~ Running every test to see what's wrong with the boys while Esme stays with them and cooks them breakfast. All the test results come back negative but two. It is time to speak with the boys. I hope they can handle the news.