PTSD and Anxiety, plus many Autistics have those disorders on top of everything else. Sensory Overload and Auditory Processing Disorder are traits the Jasper often shows. If you have any questions about Jasper's Autistic traits you can totally DM me. Shout Outs for Stanchion Chapter 41: Thank you to the Reviewers! Jenandberry: Thank you for your review. I can't wait to get Jasper through the trail, I've enjoyed writing suffering Jasper but I am really ready for some Happy Jasper soon. Jasper won't be alone and that''s good, Poor Alice having to stay behind though. baby Cyclopes: All the Cullen's are so nice and Jasper really couldn't have found a better home. Thanks for sticking with the story. Sky Dog: I have been debating about how his being in the army with impact the trail but I have an idea we'll see how it goes. I might just have to put him in his army coat. Thank you for your thoughts! Maxie: Yes! I've heard of people doing that for folks who are color blind with a number or alphabet system so I thought it would work nicely in the story. Thanks so much. Brazos: You are right on all accounts about Esme trying hard but still scaring Jasper and Maria being put away but still a part of Jasper's life and About Jasper smiling again. Thank you so much for your support! I need to read the Christmas chapter again too I really like that one. ~mj Olivier: Emmett is so clever and has a great imagination. He definitely has been captivated by Jasper. Thank you for your review! Lady Tomorrow: I'm glad you liked that, thanks for letting me know. I really like their very sweet relationship! Texas River Song: Yes he definitely wants to take his coat, he honestly doesn't know if he'll be back to get it if he leaves it. I've been debating if he'll wear it, he might want to be a bit more low key. We'll see. Thank you for the review! IGP: Yep the phone rang and it could have been anything but it's probably the flight info with just makes Jasper anxious. Thanks for reading and reviewing Georgia Peaches: I think Jasper is a gentleman through and through even trying to keep from cursing. Thank you for hanging in with the story! Granny: Carlisle has a place in his heart for Jasper and he has decided he's going to take care of him. Jasper is scared and yes Carlisle is going to do everything in his power to ease Jasper's fears. Thank you for your reviews Peekaboo: I think asking Rose for help was a big step for Jasper. I think it shows he trust her. He really is coming to trust all the Cullens it's just hard. Thanks so much for reviewing! Jamaica: Yep Jasper should trust Carlisle's Doctor's orders, Carlisle is a good doctor and sometimes Doctors get it right. Thanks Welsh Angharad: Emmett was really thinking hard to figure out what was up with Jasper and trying to help as best he could, he's so great. Thank you for loving Emmett Evangeline: This is SUPEr true the coat and boots are important because they are Jasper's and not something the Cullens have gotten him. He is very sensitive to what is his. Maybe this can be explored further in Solace. Thanks for the thoughts! Raymond: Part of Eddy will always be sulky it's in his nature. Thank for the review! Brazos: I think the Cullens back in Forks will really rally around Alice she can take care of herself but she really will need people. She might have an episode, I've been thinking about that. Idk we'll see. Thanks for giving me some stuff to think about. Beb Sweets: Edward has come to care for and respect Jasper and I think even if he might not admit it to everyone one he does want to help. Thanks! Thanks for thinking the best of Edward. Fourjays: Yes, very interesting, The Cullens are getting closer and bolder with discussing their theories. Thanks for reading and reviewing. Our Miss Connie: I concur. Goodbyes at the house and a daze to the airport. This is going to be a rough trip for everyone. Thanks Me: Goodness yes, Thank you for your thoughts. Rose would get info out of Emmett about everything and would know that Alice had gone. Rose knows a lot about a lot of things. I wounder what her thoughts are about it. Thanks for the review. Acadian Angel: Yes I think Alice would help Jasper with his packing and explain the labeling, I think that would be very important to her, the way she can help even though she can't go with him. Thank you for your review. Team Tattoo: Yep Carlisle did pick up on that. Thank you for reviewing! Redux: Thank you so much and Yes that you to all the Reviewers, I'm glad people liked the story enough to comment! Comment 600 times, that's very cool williewontgo: Emmett is so cute, I always picture him as a big puppy, he want's to help. Thank you for reviewing Misty Morning: Esme is on top of things especially when it comes to her children! Thank you Brazos: Were there other's before the Whitlocks and the Bowmans I've been thinking about that too! Sister Girl: So I was fighting really hard to get the last chapter written and I had the idea of what I wanted but I wrote and re wrote it and it wasn't working and then I got bummed out about it and I got distracted and I was thinking and thinking about it but couldn't seem to write. My brain said nope. Sorry, thanks for sticking with the story! Slightly: Thank you Slightly, thank you for your enthusiasm and your insipiring demand for 'more!' (Not sarcasm, I'm serious, Thanks!) Love ya too :) Brazos: Yes thank you to all the Veterans! Thank you again Reviewers!