I hadn't even finished high school. "I…" "I will make you a test so we can be sure" and that's what I did. I took the pregnancy test and after 5 minutes, the nurse confirmed what she suspected. "It´s positive Bella" Positive….positive…I kept thinking all night. The nurse told me about the options I had, but in that aspect I was sure of my decision: I was going to keep it. Despite the circumstances, I already love this baby; it will be a part of Edward that I would always have. I still didn't know whether to tell him or not about the pregnancy because deep down, I was afraid he would thought the baby wasn't his. I had no idea what I was going to do. So here I am. Lying on my bed the day of the ball with no intentions of going. I was thinking about watching a movie but then someone knocked on the door and Charlie came in: "What are you doing in your pajamas? I thought the dance was today" "I don't feel like going" responded with a tone of indifference. I thought he was just going to leave the room but then he surprised me by asking: "Why?" I didn't respond. "Are you afraid of going Bella?" But how did he… "Yes, something like that" I admitted. "Bella, you shouldn't make your decisions based on your fears, remember that all people get scare sometimes. What makes the difference is how we face does fears, big things can be lose if we don't do that. Like this party for example" I was very surprise that Charlie was saying this to me. It was rare that he gave me some kind of advice. "I´ll think about it, ok?" "Okay, I´ll be in the living room if you need me" And I really thought about it, at that moment I realized that he was right, all my recent actions and decisions had been based on fear. Which had lead me to nothing good, so when I thought again if I should miss the dance because of Rosalie and Edward, the answer was no. I felt really nervous when I arrived to the school. Slowly walked to the door and entered to the dance. I felt a little strange because it appear that I was the only one without a partner but I tried to have a good time either way, I even greeted some of my classmates. The moment I looked at the dance floor, I saw Rosalie and Edward, she was wearing a short black dress and he looked very handsome in his black tuxedo. Rosalie saw me and then she approached to me saying: "I thought you weren't going to come" she seemed annoyed to see me there. "I wasn't going to" "So what happened?" "I decided that I wasn't going to let some bugs to ruin my night" "What do you mean….? You know it doesn't matter, Edward and I are having a really good time together and let me tell you a little secret my friend" I decided not to answer to that. "I think tonight, it´s going to be my lucky night with Edward, I hope you don't mind" "Of course not" if she could be a hypocrite, I could be one too "Really Bella? Because you´re not going to be the only girl in the school that knows what it´s like to be with Edward anymore, if you know what I mean" "Seriously Rose, I don't care" I don't know where I took the courage but added. "I only hope that you can please him as much as I did" I winked and left. It felt so good to do that even though I was dying of jealousy inside. The rest of the night it was only food and dancing, at first I had no plans on dancing because I´m just a terrible at it. But then I accepted Mike´s invitation and I tried to keep my distance at all times with him, just in case. When the slow music began, I decided to sit down and just watched the dance floor. I saw Edward standing close to it and he was alone. It was in that moment that I decided to tell him about my pregnancy. I knew that maybe I wouldn't find another suitable time to do it, so I thought it's now or never. As Charlie had told me I have to be brave enough even if I was scared to death. It was necessary to take matters into my own hands. "Edward" I spoke to him for the first time in months and he looked at me surprised. "Bella…I…ehh…How are you?" "I´m fine, trying to enjoy the dance" I gave him a little smile and he nodded. "Edward there´s something that I really need to tell you" he looked puzzled by my comment but said: "I´m all ears" that made laugh in a nervous way for what I was about to say. "Do you remember the night we…." I didn't want to finish that sentence. "How could I forget it?" he answered in a serious tone. "That night I….what I´m trying to say is….I…I.." I lowered my face in an attempt to take strength to say what I needed but then I felt his hand on my chin and he gently lifted my face so I could see him directly in the eyes. "You…" he tried to encourage me and at the count of three I finally said: "I´m pregnant" he became completely stiff as his eyes fluttered open, he seemed to be in shock. I decided to give him some time to assimilate the news and added "I´ll be at my house when you´re ready to talk" and with that, I just simply left the party. Not even an hour had pass after I got home, when Edward knocked on the door and he said: "I´m ready to talk" Should I continue with the translation?