I don't want to send her home in scrubs." The dark haired woman nodded and vanished. "What is she?" Esme asked quietly, as though the question might be rude. Carlisle took a moment to organize his thoughts and it was all Edward needed to shift uneasily. "She's immortal. But she doesn't need to feed, isn't dead at all." Esme looked astonished. "How could we not have seen one like her before?" "I wasn't even sure they really existed. The Volturi spoke of them, said they were the best of companions for vampires because…" His thoughts trailed and Edward curled his lips with a snarl and finished his father's sentence. "Because they're an endless fountain." "But they were only a fairytale, a dream of theirs. I never thought they were real." Carlisle sighed and ran a hand through his hair. Alice passed them as she returned to the office with an armful of clothing, including shoes. "She's getting anxious again." Jasper whispered before shivering, his back tight to the wall as he looked around. Edward moved closer to his brother. "What is it?" "Trapped. I feel trapped." Jasper hissed as though he had been the one cornered. "She feels like we've caught her." Esme moved closer to her husband, looking at him with those pleading eyes of hers, begging him to make it right. Carlisle stroked her cheek gently. "Alright. It's been a long night. Edward, can you drive her home?" Edward turned around to look at his father. "But she knows what we are-" "And we know what she is." Carlisle said with his unwavering calm. "Take her home, son?" She thought it was a cruel trick when she got into the car, but soon enough he was sitting in the driver's seat and they were speeding through the night that edged on morning. It felt like hours that they didn't speak, her hand came up to stifle a yawn. Edward glanced at her curiously, though his face wouldn't have given it away. "Do you sleep?" Bella tensed when he spoke, focusing her eyes ahead on the road. "Sometimes." "How old are you?" He asked, the speed of the car slowing to make her even more uneasy. "Seventeen." She said. 'Seventy-two' slipped across her usually quiet thoughts. He stroked the steering wheel with his thumb. "You live with your father?" "Adoptive." She tensed and looked at him, her eyes wider. "He doesn't know. You don't have to…" Bella swallowed hard and forced her gaze forward again. "He doesn't know." "What do you do when they realize you don't age?" Edward continued to probe, hopeful that more revealing truths would slip through her thoughts, though they seemed carefully quiet. She didn't answer right away, seeming to be trying to decide whether or not to lie. "I usually get placed in a family and say that I'm fifteen. It gives me two or three years with them, and then I can pull a few on my own. Eventually I go to another State and start over again." "How many times have you died?" Bella smiled before she could help herself. "Today?" She joked but as soon as she realized that she had, her smile quickly vanished. "A few times, I guess." 'Too many.' "You don't know the number?" He tried again, hearing her thoughts and wondering if she knew he could. "Twenty or thirty." She said too quickly. 'This decade.' Her thoughts added darkly as though to mock herself. She definitely didn't know he could hear those, but it seemed that she needed prompting before he could catch something flowing through her calm. Suddenly she tensed as they rounded a corner and started up a dirt road. "This is close enough." She looked at him and when their eyes met, she blanched. Even an immortal was afraid of him, and why wouldn't she be? She was breakable and full of what his kind loved most. She was prey that could heal, blood that could regenerate. She was the cup that would never empty, the toy that would never need replacing. Looking at her now, her face so human but so comfortable in the shadows, he could see why she would hide, why she would be afraid of them. "I don't want to wake Jim." He tried not to growl. "Jim?" She was holding onto her seatbelt, trapped in his stare. "My adoptive father…" The car slowed and stopped. He could see her house down the road, a shabby little place surrounded by trees and mud. Bella undid her seatbelt but his hand grabbed hers before she could reach for the door handle and jump out of the car. She felt warm to him and he wondered if he felt cold to her. He could feel her pulse pick up, hear her heart throb with dread. "We aren't going to hurt you." He wanted to clarify that 'he' wouldn't hurt her, but somehow that felt too intimate. "But we'd like to know you better." She was still tense, so he let go of her hand, even though it pained him to do so. She opened the door but waited on the edge of her seat when he spoke again. "Can I pick you up for class tomorrow?" "Do I have a choice?" Her voice was small, resigned to something grim. He wanted to frown but resisted. "Of course." She swallowed and got out of the car. "Then no." Bella paused, squeezing the cold metal of the doors edge. "But I'll see you in class." She added before closing it. He watched her disappear down the street. She was fast, faster than any human could dream, and light on her feet. There was more than just immortality there. He stared at the house on the dark street long after she had slipped inside. She wasn't human, couldn't be ruined by him like that, and had a lifetime like his own behind her. For the first time in decades, he couldn't wait for class tomorrow.