Alice for all she was worth. Alice's eyes rolled back into her head as she struggled to stop herself from just taking the human girl for everything she was worth. Instead, with the speed and strength only a vampire could manage, she made Bella's whole world spin, yanking herself out of her, flipping the girl onto her front, and shoving almost all slick 10 inches of herself deep into Bella's virgin ass, all while Bella was still climaxing. The sudden overload of stimulation pushed Bella over the edge again into a second orgasm right in the middle of her first, her eyes bulging open as her scream got cut off right in the middle with a squeak. Her voice just dying as she saw white dots obscuring her vision. Alice groaned at the heavenly tight heat of the human girl's ass, and just stayed still to revel in it. She then grinned down when Bella just seemed to collapse onto the bed below her, the girl feeling like every bone in her body had turned to jelly. Alice had timed the move so perfect, right in the girls moment of bliss, that the normal horrible pain from her first experience with anal was nothing but a dull but very bearable throb. It took several moments for Bella to finally get her voice to work again. When she managed to clear her throat she squeaked out. "Wh… what… was that?" The little pixie immortal let out a breathy giggle and leaned down, the cold skin of her breasts pressing into Bella's warm back and making her shiver. She breathed out in her giggly voice, "That's how a vampire fucks Bell's… always wondered how a human would take it… Have to say… I'm gonna savor the look you have on your face forever…" "I… I don't think I can move… Like… at all." Alice grinned. "You don't have to Bella. That's the best part of being the sub." She then ran her tongue around the back of Bella's ear, making all of the air leave the girl's lungs in a whoosh. "You just have to be a good little bitch and take it." And Bella did. The Vampire couldn't go as hard as she really wanted, but the warmth of Bella's body was all she needed. And the speed of her thrusts, something no human man could match, was all Bella needed. While one hand gripped Bella's hips the other went underneath her and worked the girls clit and pussy lips with the skill that only a woman could know. Bella didn't know how many times she came in those heavenly minutes that felt like hours. She lost count after the third one, her body half on the brink of passing out. When Alice finally came herself, her hips almost blurring with speed as they made the slick skin of Bella's ass bounce with each thrust, she let out a musical cry of pleasure that was so beautiful, it was pure music to Bella's ears. She unleashed a torrent of slightly warm cum into the girl's bowels, squirt after squirt of thick ropey cum shooting straight into the warm human. The two fell gasping to their sides, the slightly smaller vampire pulling the human girl closer to her so she could remain inside her body and smell her sweet scent. Placing kisses all up and down Bella's neck, she groaned in torture at the blood she could just hear pulsing through her veins with how fast her heart was beating. She had pushed managed to push the thoughts of her friend's blood to the back of her mind this whole time, but she couldn't ignore it any more. Bella blinked and looked over her shoulder at the groan. Alice's eyes, gold when their talk had begun, were now nothing but black to indicate her thirst. "Oh Alice…" Alice giggled and shook her head. "It's ok… I'm in perfect control. I will have to hunt later when you fall asleep, cause it was sooooo tempting, but I didn't want to ruin our fun. Will have more fun with biting when you're a bit more durable." Bella blushed pink again and laid her head back down, curling back into Alice's embrace. She basked in the after glow, not believing that she could feel so incredible. After a few minutes of silence Alice kissed at her neck. "So were you ok with all of that Bella? I know you were really saving yourself for Edward." The teen girl sighed and looked over her shoulder at Alice with a little grin. "Yeah I was. Hmmm I guess I'm gonna have to get some pay back for that won't I?" Alice put on a look that was too innocent to believe. "Oh really?" Grinning, Bella pulled herself off Alice's slightly limp, but still very large cock, groaning at the cum that poured our of her. She then pushed the vampire over onto her back and winked at her as she straddled her hips. "Really. I'm thinking a very intensive punishment. A lesson for you on the sins of going to bed with an engaged woman." It was Alice's turn to arch an eyebrow. "Really?" She said back, her own smile slowly spreading across her face. Bella smirked down at her and leaned in close to Alice's face, the twinkle normally present in the pixie's eyes now in her own. "Oh yes. And I think it will have to be a two part lesson." "Oh my. I've been that bad of a girl?" "Yep. The first start's right now." Bella grinned as she rubbed herself against Alice's hardening cock. She then leaned down to hum into her ear. "And the second one Alice…" "Yeah?" Alice breathed out, shuddering at the feel of Bella rubbing against her, all while grinning at the sexual vixen she was seeing born right on top of her. "The second one will be when I'm a vampire. And I make you my bitch ."