Junior Member Tell her to put the woolite on very heavy and let it sit for ten minutes. . Re: A Quiet Existence -Reply #159 on June 10, 2002 EnelyaNessae New Member What kind of material is it, is it a suede or microfiber? . "Bella?" Swirl asked, pulling Daisy's attention back to the phone. "Yes?" "Make sure you put the Woolite on heavy and let it sit there for a few minutes. What kind of material is the couch?" "How am I supposed to know what kind of material the couch is?" She screeched in a slightly hysterical voice. "Tell me what it looks like," Swirl prompted patiently. "Um, it's beige and really cushy but tough. It kind of feels like jeans, except not at all." Swirl tried to stifle his laughter. She was too cute. . Re: A Quiet Existence -Reply #160 on June 10, 2002 SwordOfAragorn Full Member She has no idea. . Re: A Quiet Existence -Reply #161 on June 10, 2002 gothmog Full Member www. mrscleanusa. com/en/cleaning-tips/stain-removal/ . Re: A Quiet Existence -Reply #162 on June 10, 2002 Witch-King Junior Member Tell her she needs to use the Woolite more than once and make sure she's using cold water and not hot or it will set the stain. . Re: A Quiet Existence -Reply #163 on June 10, 2002 EnelyaNessae New Member Peroxide and baking soda. Test a spot first and make sure it doesn't lighten the fabric. . Re: A Quiet Existence -Reply #164 on June 10, 2002 SwordOfAragorn Full Member She doesn't have any baking soda. . Re: A Quiet Existence -Reply #165 on June 10, 2002 RogueDemonHunter Full Member What kind of person doesn't have baking soda in their house? . Re: A Quiet Existence -Reply #166 on June 10, 2002 Witch-King Junior Member Be careful w/ beige... test whatever you use so you don't end up w/a white spot. Put it on an area nobody can see first and make sure she's using cold water not warm. Warm water will set the stain faster. . "Make sure you're using cold water. Warm water will set the stain faster," Swirl said, hoping this little tidbit would impress Daisy even further. "How do you know all of this stuff?" Swirl paused. Telling Daisy the truth would take away some of the bravado. He decided to change the subject. "Where's Anthony at?" "Huh?" "The kid? Anthony?" "Oh, he's in front of the TV, watching Tarzan … again." He could hear the exasperation in her voice, and swore he would never let her subject herself to this kind of torture again for finances sake. "How's the stain looking?" he asked. "Maybe it's wishful thinking, but it does look less pink. I don't think it's going to come out completely." . Re: A Quiet Existence -Reply #167 on June 10, 2002 SwordOfAragorn Full Member The Woolite doesn't seem to be working all the way… . Re: A Quiet Existence -Reply #168 on June 10, 2002 RedHeadsHaveMoreFun Full Member Damn Woolite and their false advertising! . Re: A Quiet Existence -Reply #169 on June 10, 2002 KaylieFaye New Member Hello! I looked it up… pretend it's red wine: It says you will need: White wine, Salt, Baking Soda, Talcum Powder, Club Soda & Boiling water 1. Begin by blotting with a clean cloth to remove as much of the wine as possible. BLOT throughout this entire process DO NOT SCRUB 2. Dab the stain with white wine and blot with a clean cloth. 3. If the stain still remains, try dabbing a little bit of club soda on the stain and blot to remove. . Re: A Quiet Existence -Reply #170 on June 10, 2002 SwordOfAragorn Full Member Uh, she doesn't have white wine, baking soda, talcum powder, club soda… . Re: A Quiet Existence -Reply #171 on June 10, 2002 RogueDemonHunter Full Member Again, what kind of person is this? . Re: A Quiet Existence -Reply #172 on June 10, 2002 EnelyaNessae New Member 2 cups warm water with 5-6 drops blue Dawn dishwasher liquid. Soak, cover with towel, warm iron. Lifts the stain right out. . Re: A Quiet Existence Reply #173 on June 10, 2002 KaylieFaye New Member Maybe you could just try with salt? . Daisy was growing more irrational on the phone. "It's never going to come out! What if she takes away all of the money I've made in the last three days to pay for the damages?" "That's not going to happen, I promise," Swirl said, at a loss for how exactly to comfort his girlfriend. She did tend to get hysterical over the smallest things. "You can't guarantee that! This is never going to come out…" She sounded so defeated on the phone and Swirl felt as if his heart may crack at the disappointment in her voice. An idea hit him – one so brilliant that he couldn't believe he hadn't thought of it before. "Wait! Don't give up yet; I have one more idea!" . . . The last three days were probably the worst of Daisy's young life. Anthony was the most obnoxious child in the history of the world. He said the word "basketball" at least twenty times an hour and was obsessed with the movie Tarzan . Daisy had already watched that movie six times in the past seventy-two hours. On top of that, Mrs. McGregor had a seven-month old dog that was in heat. She pranced around the house in her doggie-diaper, acting like Daisy was her personal chew-toy. Throw in the three hours that she had just spent cleaning the damn couch, and Daisy had hit her limit. She'd already sworn off ever having children and she vowed never to baby-sit again. The sound of the McGregor's doorbell ringing was like angels singing to Daisy's ears. Her savior was here. She practically ran to the door and flung it open with a huge smile on her face. "Thank God you're here, Esme!"