furious. She held onto my hands. "Bella, please don't get upset until you at least see the dress." She pleaded, using the Cullen pout on me. "Fine." I sighed in defeat. I picked up my glass and walked out of the kitchen. "Thank you, thank you, thank you." She called after me. Emmett grinned when he saw me entering the living room area. "Little Swan, you're all red. Is this from embarrassment or anger?" He enquired. "Right now it's from embarrassment." I went over to Edward and put glass on the coffee table before I snuggled into his side, hiding my face in the crook of his neck. He laughed at me, wrapping his arm around me. "What's the matter, love?" I held onto him a little tighter. "You're crazy cousin has taken it upon herself to buy me a wedding dress." "What's wrong with that? I thought you were going to let her plan the entire wedding anyways." Edward whispered in my ear. "Edward, we haven't even set the date yet. I just… then we have to plan the honeymoon and I can't even…" I was starting to ramble in my rant. He seemed to understand what I was trying to say, rubbing my back gently. "We don't have to set the date until you are ready. Don't worry about setting the date until you are ready. I will wait forever for you." I pulled back a little so that I could meet his eyes. "I don't deserve you." I leaned in and pressed my lips softly to his, enjoying his gentle touch. "Okay, enough love birds. It's time to eat." Emmett boomed from the dining room. We both chuckled as we parted. Edward stood up and took my hand in his, helping me to my feet. Everyone sat around the dining room table and we got our food. The guys talked while Rosalie, Alice, and I sat quietly. Finally, Rosalie looked up from her plate and smiled at me. "Ali and I were thinking of having a girl's night tomorrow. We could go out for dinner and then maybe a few drinks. What do you think, Bella?" She asked me. I pushed the last of my dinner around my plate. "Sure that sounds like fun." "Do you want to make a day of it? We could get some lunch and go shopping, maybe get our nails done?" Alice suggested, obviously trying to make up for upsetting me earlier. "Actually, I have plans tomorrow afternoon." I told her apologetically. "Bells, if you don't get your butt out here right now." Jacob warned me. I came down the stairs from my bedroom. "Watch it, Jake. This is supposed to be a new beginning, but don't think I won't hesitate to kick you out." "Ha. Like I'm really scared of you, Bells." His 6'7" form towered over me as he stood in front of me. "I'm starving." "Relax; the pizza should be here any minutes." I led him into the living room and we sat on the couch in front of the television. "I just wanted to thank you for giving me space, after everything happened. I really appreciate it." Jacob shrugged his shoulders. "Don't worry about it. I want us to be friends again and for that I needed your trust." I took his hand in mine for a moment. "Well you've got it. Thanks, Jake." Rosalie smiled. "That's fine; we can meet at your apartment around 6:00 for dinner then." I nodded my head. "That sounds perfect." We finished up dinner and then had desert. We were in the living room when Edward glanced at his watch and noticed how late it was. Saying my goodbyes to Jasper, Emmett, and Rosalie, I turned to Alice last. I smiled at her and hugged her tightly. "I love you, you crazy little pixie Nazi." Alice giggled and squeezed a little tighter. "I love you, too." Once we released each other Edward brought me outside to the Volvo and drove us home. No matter how many times I ride with him, I will never get used to his driving. I noticed Edward standing in the living room as I made my way up the stairs. "Are you coming to bed?" "Just a minute, love." He flashed his crooked smile at me. Blushing, I went the rest of the way up to our room and began my routine for bed. I brushed my teeth and pulled my hair back into a pony tail before I went to change my clothes. I stood in the closet in my underwear for a few minutes as I decided on what to wear. I took a deep breath and pulled on Edward's Dartmouth shirt. It still smelled like him and it felt right. Adding a pair of pajama bottoms to it, I turned the light out and climbed into out bed. Edward came out of the bathroom and smiled when he saw me. "I love it when you wear my clothes." He climbed on the bed and pulled me to his side. We looked into each other's eyes, speaking with out words. He pressed his lips to mine softly. "You are beautiful." He kissed my cheeks. "And precious." He kissed my nose. "And truly amazing. I don't know what I'd do without you." A few tears escaped my eyes and I tried to dab them away. "Thank you." I pressed my lips to his again and then curled up against his chest, inhaling his incredible scent. Okay here's the thing with With arms open Wide, I was having a lot of trouble starting the next chapter and I know that I promised to work on that story next. I promise you that I will, I just decided to redo it because the story line didn't feel right to me. I promise it will be worth the wait and once I finish it I will start posting for it again soon. Please don't be too angry with me.