as he growls out, "Is this true, Alice?" She feels his suspicion, "I don't know, Jasper. I have never heard of this." Edward asks, "What's wrong, Alice? Are you and Jasper fighting? Why? I thought you guys would be happy for me. I have been alone for so long, living in a house full of mated couples. I now have my Isabella to call my own." He continues, "We are having a big wedding! I know how much you like to shop and throw parties. You have to help Isabella." With that Alice hits her breaking point, "E—Edward, I have to go!" She doesn't wait for a response, but just disconnects the call. She lets out an earth shattering scream, just shouting out, "NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO!" over and over again. "How did I not see this? How could this happen? I've always kept a close eye on Edward. I never even saw him meeting her, and for ten years he has known her, seen her, even, lusted after her! I have never even smelled her scent on him. I saw all the other women that set their sights on Edward, and I was always ready to thwart their plans of seduction. But, her! Oh no, she is not just any woman! She is obviously Jasper's mate. All those times he felt the pull, and we would distract each other with sex, how foolish and stupid we were." "Oh well, obviously, we have lost our true mates, and for what? I do love Jasper. He has been a good friend and confidant throughout the years. But now, looking back at all the reasons we had for staying away from our true mates, it seems so very foolish and incredibly selfish. Man, if they ever find out…" She was pulled from those thoughts by an angry Jasper, "ALICE!" he yells, "Did you know this would happen? All this time, did you know your mate would claim mine?" Alice had never seen Jasper's anger directed towards her, and for her it was scary as hell! But, she finds her backbone, "NO!" She yelled right back at him. "I did not see this, and you have no right to be angry at me! I did not force you to ignore your true mate all these years! We both agreed to do it. And, do you really think I would let this happen, if I did know?" Jasper calms down a bit, "How do we fix this, Alice?" He falls down to the floor and buries his head in his hands, running his fingers through his lovely golden locks. Alice wants to comfort him so bad, but for some reason, she no longer feels the same draw to him, and he says her touch is no longer pleasing. Before Alice can have another thought, she falls back down to the floor crying in pain, "I feel those thousand needles all over my body again. Jasper, help me!" She cries out, but through the haze of pain she sees he has left, "Well, damn…" JPOV I run and run and run! Stupid, stupid, vampire! How could I think my true mate would wait around forever for me? The irony is the same man whose mate I have been fucking for the last 50 years, now is currently fucking mine. But, I saw how Edward touched and kissed Isabella with such love, reverence, and devotion. The way they looked at each other like there was no one else in the world more important than just the two of them. They completely ignored Alice and me for the most part. I mean I care for Alice. It's hard not too! We've been together for such a long time, but we have never looked at each other that way. We have only been giving each other lustful looks and admiration, but never that unbending, pure love. What have we done? Have we really lost them? No there has to be a way, I mean she is my true mate, damn it. I am not happy she is bedding another, but I can handle it for a while, at least until I can figure out how to get her back…. Bravo husband that was quite the performance, did you see their faces? Edward laughs well thank you wife, you wasn't so bad yourself, when Jasper started purring for you and you asked him if he drank some bad deer, I almost died laughing at the look of horror on his face when his purring had so effect on you. But I am curious though it is said that you can only purr for your true mate, do you think we can purr for each other? I don't know you tell husband me Isabella purrs out. She runs her fingers through her husband's hair as he lets out a loud purr, so it is true my Bella we are closer than true mates, we are truly soul-mates. Yes, we are my love she says, Edward pulls her close and she feels his shoulders shaking, she pulls back and looks at him, his eyes shine with unshed tears, my love what is it? What is the matter? For so many years I thought we did not have a soul but now after our mating I know I do and it is now forever connected to you. No disrespect to the fates, but I am glad Alice and Jasper chose each other over us. I am actually very thankful how things have turned out. My human farther always said everything happens for a reason and thing always work out as they should in the end and I couldn't agree move. Really now husband, well come and show your wife just how agreeable you really are, and with that she leap off the bed, I love that woman Edward growls out. Ready or not here I come I yell and take off after her….. Thanks for reading my story please review….