you want me to start on dinner?" He would probably be hungry when he came home. "You don't have to cook dinner tonight, Bells. I can bring home a pizza." I couldn't help but smile at that. "Dad, it's no problem, I can cook. Besides, it'll get my thoughts on something else for a while." "Right. I'll see you later then. Bye." Charlie ended the phone call and hung up. I turned my back to the living room and hung up the phone. I felt Jake's presence behind me, but I didn't turn around. "What was it that caused Harry's heart attack?" I asked him and hoped he would actually give me a straightforward answer instead of dancing around it. "He's always had a weak heart." I could hear it in his voice. It was so obvious that he wasn't telling me the whole truth. "Why are Seth and Leah with Sam?" I pressed on. "He's their third cousin. Of course he would want to help." I turned around and stared right into his eyes. "Jake, stop it! Just tell me. I know there's something you're keeping from me." Jake sighed and put up his hand on the wall next to my head to support his weight on. He came very close and leaned his head against mine. His eyes were closed, so there was no way he could see how he was affecting me at the moment. "Harry had a heart attack because…because Leah phased in front of him. The commotion distressed Seth and he phased too. That's why they are with Sam." I had suspected that maybe Seth had phased, but not Leah and I tried to wrap my head around it. "Leah?" Jake nodded with his eyes still closed. "Has that ever happened before?" He inhaled sharply and leaned away from me. My thoughts cleared up the minute we weren't touching anymore. "No. That's why there's so much going on right now. It's never mentioned in the legends about female wolves, which gives us cause to believe that it's never existed before. Sam is trying to calm Leah and Seth down; get them to phase to human form again, but it's challenging." "I bet. They just lost their father." Jake finally opened his eyes and I could see what all of this did to him. He looked calm on the outside, but inside, a war was raging. What he wanted the most at the moment was to get out there and help, but he also felt the need to protect me from Victoria since she was still free out there. I closed the distance between us and hugged him tightly. He squeezed me almost painfully, but I only answered by hugging him even tighter. I felt him sigh into my hair before he leaned back to look me in the eyes. "Bella, you confuse me. What is it that you want?" He looked adorably confused. Almost like a child who had lost his mommy at the mall. He looked so cute, and I didn't even hesitate when I put a hand on his cheek and stood up on my toes to gently press my lips against his for a second. It seemed like it took several seconds before my action sunk in completely. When it did, his eyes lit up and he crashed his mouth down on mine, much more forcibly than I'd had. Even though the kiss was not soft, his lips were and it felt slightly strange for about a second. I wasn't used to the feeling of soft and warm lips on mine, but I liked it. Jake's hands were on my hips, and he used some of his strength to pull me even closer. There was absolutely no air between our bodies and I could feel that Jake was getting quite excited. Still, I didn't pull away. I didn't want to pull away. Instead, I wound my arms around his neck and stood up on my toes. I could tell that he did not anticipate my response. This kiss had probably been a test to see if I would pull away. He was happily surprised when I didn't. When he opened his mouth, I could feel his breath on my face, moist and warm. A noise escaped me and it made Jake press our bodies even closer together. My back was up against the wall and I had nowhere to go. I felt all warm inside and when I felt his tongue lick my lower lip, I opened my mouth to meet him halfway. Both Jake and I were breathing heavily, and I could feel the oxygen in my brain slowly draining away. I felt lightheaded, and I knew that I was going to faint any second. At that exact moment, Jake broke away from the kiss and leaned his forehead against mine. Our chests were heaving as we tried to catch our breath. Jake swallowed thickly before speaking. "Wow, Bella. So I guess you want to give me a chance after all." I giggled and whispered in his ear. "Yes, definitely giving you a chance." Jake shivered. "Thank you." I cast a glance at the clock. Charlie would be home in forty-five minutes, and I needed to start dinner. I leaned away from Jake. "Do you want to stay for dinner?" Jake smiled my smile and stroked my cheek. "I'd love to." Then he kissed me again, very softly. It wasn't as urgent this time. This kiss wasn't about need or to confirming our feelings for each other. It was only about us and neither of us wanted it to end. But I really had to start dinner, so I broke away and took his hand. "Seriously, I really need to start dinner now." Jake laughed and followed me into the kitchen. A/N: That was the first chapter :-) What do you think? This story is very short…Only five chapters + a futuretake so I'll update it alongside Love is Strange :-)