the elegance of his sleek modern kitchen in his crisp fitted cerulean blue shirt and slim dress slacks. He lived in one of the most expensive high-rises in the city and according to Lori, was incredibly successful with the business he owned. Other than knowing that it had something to do with security, I had never asked him. And being the close-mouthed man that he was, Calen had never divulged much information either. "Tell me Emma. Why did you come here tonight?" He matched those words with an unblinking opaque blue green stare that quickly unnerved me. "Was it to ask about my date?" "Yes. Well no. Actually, I didn't mean to. I must have had too much to drink. The cab dropped me off here" Was my muttered babbling excuse. He raised an eyebrow with a bit of dark humor. "You're saying it was because you were drunk?" He challenged softly. Suddenly the air felt charged with heavy tension. I pulled nervously at the hem of my rather frumpy dress that I had worn to work that day. Why hadn't I taken the two minutes to change into something less matronly and awful? Why did I care? Frustrated I glared at him. "Sure." Why was he pushing me? I was too unsteady to be doing this dance tonight. "But I should really leave now." "Don't leave yet." He gave me a saccharine smile. "You haven't even heard about my date with Danielle". This was a Calen that sometimes came out and made me extremely nervous. No longer friendly, he looked at me with what looked almost like hostility in his eyes. "You said it went well." I said calmly and stood up. "And I should get going. Thanks for letting me…I don't know. For letting me hang out with you for a bit." He laughed and walked around the kitchen island. "Yeah, hanging out is fun." He said over his shoulder, lashes lowered. I watched a bit uncertainly as he poured himself what looked like a tumbler of golden whiskey. He took the entire contents of the tumbler smoothly in one shot. His cheeks were slightly flushed when he tilted his head back down. That was when I began to realize with some disconcertion that perhaps I wasn't the only one drunk. "How many whiskeys have you had?" I asked with a raised brow of my own and a nonchalance I didn't really feel. "I sometimes hate you Emma." He said conversationally as he poured another generous splash of whiskey into his glass. He looked up and snared my eyes with his own. The usually inviting orbs were so pale they now looked like jade chips. "I hate what you do to me." He toasted me and took another deep swallow. A deep breath broke past my lips and I lowered my eyes away. How to answer that? "This is my second bottle of Macallan 1926. A good year." His voice was sardonic and hardly slurred at all. Perhaps he wasn't drunk. "I'd better leave." I mumbled and headed towards the door in my bare feet. He must have moved quickly as well as silently because I didn't even hear him before my body registered that he was standing in my way, towering over me in a way that was at once familiar and threatening. I opened my mouth to give a sharp retort but when I looked up, I lost what words I was going to say. His beautiful face was held in an exquisite balance of agony, pain and anger. And those eyes, as they blinked slowly, there was a faint redness where the whites should be. It looked like he hadn't slept in days…or was that sorrow? My heart threatened to fall out of my chest when I saw that the edges of his heavy lashes were tipped with moisture. He held out one slightly trembling hand and touched my cheek gently. I was frozen in place. That light touch, that single moment of contact of flesh upon flesh felt like a bolt of lightening through my body. I couldn't breathe. "I hate you sometimes Emma." He whispered with unbearable sadness. "You are a mere girl. A mere mortal. A human without a faintest concept of what it means to truly want something, someone, until pain and pleasure blend into one and there is no escaping it." His words stunned me and confused me all at the same time. Was he reciting the words from some old literature? Calen loved reading obscure old books and often tried to foist them on me to read. We have different tastes in books. "What are you talking about Calen?" I choked out the question and forced myself to move back from his dangerous touch so that I could think more clearly. Unfortunately the combination of alcohol and his eyes made thinking clearly incredibly difficult. "Is that from one of your old books?" He lowered his brows and closed his eyes. "Emma." He said softly. "Perhaps you should leave." Conversely now I wanted to touch him. It was a craving that was never far beneath the surface. My fingers convulsed and I clenched them to prevent them from doing what they wanted to do. "I'm going to leave." I agreed and before I could do anything stupid, I scooted around him and ran out the door. Shoeless I dialed a cab company with trembling hands. Tears trickled slowly out the corners of my eyes as I lowered my head. As terrible as it felt, I was going to let Calen go. I was going to stop seeing him and forcing us in this awful parody of friendship. Whatever true liking we had for each other would always be overshadowed by the unspoken thing between us and I was far too frightened to ever look at it in the eyes. I was going to run away. My cell made a beeping noise. I looked down. Coward. I shut my cell off.