wedding the scheme of things right?" There was that pout again, and Edward wanted to kiss that pout, so he did. Emmett and Bella were ready to go to City Hall but got talked down by Alice and Esme. So their wedding was going to be in the Cullen's backyard at the end of the month. "So will you be okay with a ceremony like that Rina?" Edward was now looking at Rina and waiting for her. "Yes, Edward. I will marry you. Yes, that would be okay. I love you very much." Future Asking Rina to marry him was easy. Having a small wedding was a piece of cake. The sight of his bride would stay with Edward till the day he died. Rina was so beautiful and glowed on their wedding day. Edward cried a little at his marriage ceremony. Emmett was his best man and carried Lucien his other best man in his arms down the aisle with Leah serving as Rina's primary bride's maid. Bella and Rosalie were in the wedding party along with Jasper. Bella, Rosalie, and Jasper walked down the aisle together. Alice was Jasper's date. Lucien was six months old when his parents got married. Some wondered if the marriage was rushed, but Edward said, "No way has this been rushed. I love Rina and Lucien, and its time to show the world, my family." Within the first two years of their marriage, Bella and Emmett had two boys. Bella then declared, she was done having children. One year later after Bella's announcement, when Edward and Rina heard twins from the doctor they thought up girl names since twin girls ran Rina's family. Edward asked Carlisle, Esme, and Emmett how they would feel about a variation of Elizabeth. One answer came out simultaneous, "Yes!" Rina had one boy, Evan John, and one girl Elisabeth Grace. Lucien was now a big brother at three and a half years old. My Crazy Rina now worked 7 hours in the office, and then she picked up the kids from school. Leah came in one hour behind Rina. Edward loved his children but that one hour of alone time in traffic was heaven. Most days, the first thing he heard after entering their loft. "Edward, do something with these kids of yours." He never got tired of hearing those words. He wanted more children, but Rina declared her womb was on a vacation and would call her back. Rina's womb didn't call back. I love my life. Edward could not stop smiling as he came through the door and heard Rina call this out. His three little terrors ran at him for their hug. He Saved My Life Eight years after James' death and at his grave, Edward met the young man from the park all those years ago when Rina was pregnant with Lucien. Edward learned how James died in the line of duty saving others. Alec Vulturi's life was saved when James disobey an order, went and rescued his downed team. The two teams were on a top secret rescue. Alec's team was the forward group. James's team their back-up. The forward helicopter was hit and went down as they were returning to base. James's team had ended up getting to the hostages first. On the way back, when the distress call came, James gave the order to turn around. No man or woman was going to be left behind. They would be leaving heavy and under fire. James almost made it, but when he turned around to give more cover fire while at the helicopter door was when he got hit. James was dead before he hit the ground. He had just put an injured Alec in the copter. James's body was picked up, and they made it out barely. Alec had been without direction until he joined the US Army. His family in Italy was shocked, but they supported him. He wanted to be in the Special Forces since that was the work he was always interested in. Alec was visiting James and, this time, Edward ran into him at the grave. "You know me from the funeral and the park, I'm Alec Vulturi. James Hunter saved my life and my team. Things went south fast for us, and he pulled us out." Alec paused, and Edward just waited for however much or little he could give information wisely. "I called my family up when they wanted an American firm to do some design work. I found out his widow worked for you, so I called my twin sister Jane up. I wanted to help out, Mrs. Hunter. I have recovered from my wounds, and I still work in Army intelligence. Please let your wife know, I said hi." Alec Vulturi was done talking. "Thank you for your service. Just a moment, please." Edward reached for his wallet. "This is the most recent picture of the kids." Lucien, Evan, and Lizzie were smiling and dirty. Lucien was getting tall, and he had his arms around his little brother and sister. "This is Lucien, who you know about. I married Mrs. Hunter, and we now have two more kids." Edward was explaining to Alec. Alec smiled at the picture and shook Edwards' hand. "Thank you, Sir," and Alec Vulturi walked away. That night after the kids were asleep, Edward told Rina about Alec Vulturi as they sat on their couch talking quietly in each other's arms. Veterans Day ten years later, the family was visiting James. James was visited at different times. On Veterans Day, the family all came together to visit together. Everyone shared something with James. The kids called him Uncle James. He was family, loved and missed. Edward missed his other brother. * Note: Military Death Notices are not done this way. The character Zafrina is a member of the Amazon coven. Special thanks again to Fran for all the help with my projects. For Courtney R.- joy given, joy found