didn't know he needed some relief too, I might have been lulled to sleep by it. Rolling into my side, I looked into his sparkling eyes, the same devious grin hadn't left his face. "Not bad, super star. Not bad at all. But I think the real question is how are you?" "Never better." Snuggled in tight against him, it felt like we were the only two people who existed on earth. I could see the flicker of the television we'd left on, but thankfully had muted during dinner on the wall beside us, but had no desire to actually look at it. As we both relaxed for a moment, caressing the skin we still had exposed, I felt safe and treasured. It was Edward who finally broke the silence in the midst of nibbling on my neck. "What happened here?" His fingers glided over my scar, while his lips never stopped their attention to detail. It was as if he knew how sensitive a subject it was for me and was trying to distract me with his talented lips. Even though I really didn't want to talk about this, especially when we should be building up towards the climax of the evening, I knew it was better to get it out of the way now, and let him choose whether or not to stay. It took every ounce of energy I had left in my body to pull away from Edward's ministrations to sit up and tell him my tale. "It was a car accident. About three years ago, now." Edward didn't even let me sit alone for a moment, instead he pulled be back in his arms, angling me into his side so we were still touching, but he could look into my eyes as I spoke. "My car was hit head on by a drunk driver. Thanks to a great plastic surgeon, you'd never know my nose and cheek had to be rebuilt, but the accident was just the first shoe to drop." I really didn't want to go on, he'd only asked how I'd gotten the scar, not about the one that was hidden on my heart. His hands were busy smoothing my now messy ponytail, over and over. It was extremely soothing and hypnotic. Kissing my neck with a quick peck, he asked me what happened after. "Well, as you can imagine, I was in pretty bad shape. I hadn't heard from my boyfriend in a couple of days and went to see him at his apartment-" I had to take a deep steely breath in order to continue, "-He was busy fucking my best friend. My fucking best friend. While I was recovering from a fucking car accident." I was yelling by the time I was done, not even realizing the burn from the betrayal felt as fresh today as it had years ago. "He just looked up in mid-pump and mumbled some half-assed apology, not even bothering to stop what he was doing. And Jessica was even worse, telling everyone that he didn't want to end up with someone who looked like the Elephant Man." By now I had tears streaming down my face at the mortifying memories as they flashed across my brain like a bad horror movie. My body was immediately encircled by Edward's warm embrace. Held tightly, I could feel Edward shaking with what turned out to be rage. "What a dick," he said through clenched teeth. Spinning slightly in his arms, I glanced up and replied, "Yeah, he is. But that's not even the worst part, I still had to work with the both of them. It's actually what led me to find a job here, doing what I love So while he's a douche, at least something good came out of it." "Well, I'm glad you're not the least bit scarred by that incident." "Oh, I'm plenty scarred, but I'm also an optimist at heart. So what do you say, can you deal with my crazy?" The question had barely left my lips when we both heard the squawk of the walkie talkie. "Edward, we're ready for you," Jasper's voice crackled over the headset. We groaned in unison, not ready to go back to doing what we were currently being paid to do. Which also happened to not be fucking each other like rabbits. I tracked Edward's graceful movements as he stood up, and covered me with the sheet, a sad smile flitted across his face as he did it. "Guess it's back to work, huh?" After replying to Jasper that he'd be there in a little bit, he wandered into the bathroom to get his still damp shirt. I lay silently as he got dressed, pulling on his clothes one article at a time, studying his lithe form as he covered up the last bit of skin, hiding his muscles and amazing ink away from the business world. He sat heavily down beside me, a look of longing in his eyes. "As much as I want to finish this right now, I think maybe it was actually perfect timing." I must have looked utterly confused, because he kissed me again, as if he was trying to implore how much he really didn't want to be leaving me. "I hope you don't think I don't want to be here, but honestly, I'd like to take you out to breakfast when tonight is all over and maybe we can continue after that?" His shy smile was so endearing, as if he thought I'd say no. "Sounds perfect, actually." "Oh, and I'm fully prepared to deal with your crazy, have no doubt about that." With one last kiss he left me in bed, daydreaming about what trouble we could get into when we were weren't pulling this all nighter. A challenge my mind and body were completely ready for. The End Thanks for reading. Would love to hear what you thought if you have a moment to spare a review.