had three meals a day, his clothes was second hand, but his shoes were always new. New shoes are important when a child's feet are developing. My Mom helped me with the childcare part-time. She was working part-time too. I had some time with Sam, my golden hours between jobs." Allison's eyes had a sadness in them but she kept talking to Edward. "When my Mom got sick and things got tight, and my Dad did not have to ask. I moved back to help out as much I could in the house when I could, then one of my jobs dried up. The factory was the only job hiring back then." "I lost Sammy while working those long days and when I got in he was sleeping for the night. That was when I howled, and screamed I was so frustrated about my situation but I had to keep going. My Mom, thank God got better but the bills were expensive then my Dad got sick. My Dad has a chronic disease in his lungs but they are both still here and now live in Arizona. "I tried the factory floor and hated it," Allison continued while Edward listened and nodded his head. Allison's eyes lost some of the pained look in them. "When the chance came to get certified for an office job I jumped at it. I cut my work hours down to eight a day from twelve and went to school nights. The program was a one year program, but it took me almost two years to complete it." Allison continued telling Edward in a more calm voice. "The most amazing thing I discovered was the pay was still crappy. I still needed ten to twelve hours a day to make ends meet. I was helping with the medical bills, but everything and anything else became a crisis money- wise. "I had two great job offers at different times but I couldn't take either one. I couldn't work out the money needed for child care in the cities where the offers came from. "Sam was still too young to be at home on his own and I had no family in the area for either job offer. I just could not make it work money wise and the rents were way more than I could afford with child care included. Once again I took a nice long walk on the beach at night and just screamed. "Sarah gave a book called The 5 S tages of Grief and told me to keep trying as much as I could to keep educating myself, and I have. Michael works with me online. He is teaching me what I need for the job in Alaska. Michael used to sit where you are now sitting. "The job offer is a contract job for one year. I will be able to pay for my BA and have very little debt going into the Master's program. I am going for it. I don't want to be an eighty-year-old old finishing college. I salute those eighty year olds', but I don't want to be one of them." Allison smiled at Edward. "Anyway, it feels like now is the time for me. Michael has a Math PhD. so he has been working with me. I am being taught by him everything I need to do the job. I will miss Tiffany, Leah, Melanie, and Kory from the office but I can't let this chance go. "This job will get me set for my education. I figure I will get older anyway but I want what I want now. This time I chose me. I love Sam so much but this time I chose me. And you, Edward Cullen got me talking and I am glad you are here," Allison told Edward. Edward was shocked, surprised and then glad Allison said what she said to him. "The one thing I do wish, I could stick it to Bruce Nellson my boss. He did some things on the floor and in the office that have made the workplace harder than it has to be for everyone. I am more than aware in life everyone will not get the Valentine, happily ever after or get ahead no matter how hard they work. I never taught Sam that life is fair bullshit because I know that it's not true. "But Bruce did a lot at the factory to undermine anyone who was not married or his kind of people. I had to eat a lot of shit and say may I please have some more in the workplace to keep that check going. He cut work hours in a way that is just so dishonest to the women he knew had no other support or wiggle room. He has helped me out in a way, because I don't care that I am walking away anymore. I got Sammy to where he needs to be. He is going to be okay. "Anyway, Allison continued. "Bruce, once put his hands on me once, I kicked him so hard. I know it took some time for his balls to fall back in place after that he understood me perfectly. At the factory, twenty years is what you aim for, but I am walking. I don't care. "One thing, next Friday, you and I are going on a date thanks to Bruce. I have the tickets. You and I are going and you will love it. The only thing I'll need you to do is drive us up and back," said Allison. "I am honored and again thank you Allison. Is there anything I need to know about our date?" asked Edward. "Yes, you are picking me up near the offsite office around four pm, and we will be heading for Seattle. It's going to be a late night. We'll be meeting up with 4 other people including Leah and Jacob when we get there," Allison said. Edward agreed to the plans.