tonight, something was a little off. Shaking her head to clear her thoughts, she brushed off her anxious feeling to be unimportant and distracting. As she made her way inside his room, she decided to play one of his favourite songs, Take Me to Your Heart. As she hit the play button, the first strains of the song began coming out of the speakers softly curling around them like a light mist. Hiding from the rain and snow, Trying to forget but I won't let go. Looking at the crowded street, Listening to my own heart beat. So many people, all around the world, Tell me where do I find, Someone like you girl. As the song, continued playing softly, Bella moved to stare outside his window. Try as she might, she just couldn't let those feelings go. Humming along to the song, she closed her eyes and tried to imagine what it would feel like to have Edward's arms around her at that moment. She imagined him singing in her ears softly, Take me to your heart, take me to your soul. Give me your hand before I am old. If only I could really feel him, Bella thought to herself and an involuntary sigh escaped from her lips. Turning back to look at him, she saw his chest move up and down, his handsome face smooth and calm. If she ignored the faint beeping of the machines, she could pretend that he was asleep peacefully, without a care in the world. But try as she might, she just couldn't ignore the soft sounds of the machines around her, which in the silence of his room were more deafening than usual. She just couldn't ignore that she was the culprit. If it hadn't been for her then Edward would have been there, sitting next to her. And for the first time after a long while, tears fell from her eyes. She tried to rein them in but once the dam broke, there was no looking back. She stood there, tears rolling down her cheeks and her slight frame shaking. "Why?" She hadn't realised that she had said it out loud, until she heard it. Words came pouring out from her lips, unstoppable, "Why you?" "Why not anyone else?" Wiping her cheeks roughly, she continued, "Why did you have to drive that day? Why did you have to go out and buy me a present?" As looking at him became increasingly unbearable, she turned way and once again looked out of his window but her words did not stop, "Why did you have to go so early? If only I could steal the moments that we had from time and keep them with me forever... It's so heart wrenchingly cruel,that even though we are here together, I am still alone." Taking a deep shuddering breath, Bella looked up at the sky. She could see a shooting star zooming across. Smiling, Bella couldn't believe the irony of the situation. It was, after all, how it all had started. "Can you believe it, Edward? I see yet another shooting star... you said that you can make my wishes come true, well you know what? I wish for you to come back to us- to me, your mom and dad, to Ali, to Emmett and to everyone else who cares about you." "If you are a man of your word, come back." Bella turned around to look at him, still lying there motionless on the bed with no movement whatsoever. "C'mon Edward, wake up! Please wake up!" She looked at him, pleadingly. She tried to will him to wake up but after a few long moments, she dropped her gaze. Disappointment flooded through her entire being and she could do nothing but fall in a heap on the floor, a curled ball of despair and pain. Taking a deep shuddering breath to try and control herself, she swiped her hands across her face, wiping away all the tears. But as she wiped them away, more came sliding down. The more she wiped, the more they fell. It was as if her patience and hope had all been shattered and given rise to unending helplessness and misery. What did I expect anyway? That he would wake up after all this? After all the crying Esme, Carlisle and Alice had done? Glancing up at the clock, she saw that it was almost midnight. Shit! I wasted all my time being this sniffling sobbing mess. I'll just have to come back tomorrow and try harder. Lost in her thoughts, she went to grab her bag and almostmissed the faint stirring of his body. Bella froze, unable to turn around for hope was that he was actually moving and hopelessness that she had probably imagined it all. Then she again heard a faint rustling of clothes and then after a few moments she heard a faint, disgruntled "Bella?" Unable to believe this, Bella whirled aroundand whispered disbelievingly, "Edward?" "Water..." he trailed off. "Yes, I'll be right back," and bolted out of the room. Bella made her way downstairs quickly, as soundlessly as possible and filled a glass of water. She then hurried up the stairs, trying not to spill the water as she went. I really can't believe he is awake! When she reached inside his room, she saw him struggling to sit up. She rushed to his side and said, "Here, drink this slowly," she said, carefully handing him the glass and helping him sit up. As he drank the water, Bella turned around to glance out of the window, relief and joy flooding through her, overwhelming her. I guess shooting stars do work, they do make wishes come true. Thank you, she thought fervently, whoever is up there, thank you so damn much! Turning around, she saw Edward staring back at her with his bright green eyes and she stared right back at him with tearful eyes and a heart brimming with joy and gratefulness.