This is really awkward. "You look good," he tells me. "Uh, yeah. You look good too," I reply. We both know this is a lie; he looks like shit, but I don't want to be rude. "Hey, E, did you get the …" the woman's voice cuts off as she sees me for the first time since leaving my apartment last year. "Oh my God, Bella!" she exclaims, her eyes filling with tears. "Alice," I reply curtly. "Look at you! You look … You're glowing. You look so happy," she gushes. I want to snap at her and tell her she knows nothing about me. I understand why she kept his secret for him, they are blood after all and blood is thicker then water, but that still doesn't excuse her behavior. For years, she told me that we were like sisters, but when push came to shove, she shoved me aside. She's a liar, just like he is and I couldn't be friends with her after that. "Hey, Bella?" he asks. "Do you think we could maybe go get some coffee or something? There are things I need to say to you; things I think you should hear." My brow furrows. "I don't really think that's such a good idea. I'm in a really good place now. I've moved on; so should you." "Bella, you're not being fair." Alice pouts at me. "You don't have all the facts. She used him. Didn't you hear what's happening now? She's ruining his life. You owe it to him to hear him out. He still loves you. I still love you." "I owe him nothing!" I yell. "I owe you nothing! The two of you make me—" "Everything okay over here?" I hear loudly behind me as strong tattooed arms are wrapped around me, one hand rubbing my stomach in reminder that I'm not supposed to get too stressed. "You okay, baby?" I melt into his embrace, turning slightly to look into his eyes. His very touch makes me melt. "Yeah, I'm fine." I hear a throat clear and turn to face the two in front of me again. "Oh, I'm sorry. I'm being terribly rude. I didn't introduce you. Alice, Emmett, this is my husband, Edward. Edward, this is my ex, Emmett, and his sister." I can feel his silent laugh through my back and he buries his face in my hair to stifle it. Sobering slightly, he raises his head and offers Emmett a hand. "Nice to meet you, man. I've heard so much about you." Emmett just glares at him for a minute, not accepting the handshake. "Well, baby, let's say you pick your cereal and we can get back to Pop's. I promised him I'd look at the truck today," Edward says to me. "Yeah, that's a good idea. I'm going to get these two, I think," I say, handing him a box of Lucky Charms and Cinnamon Toast Crunch. He turns up his nose but grabs the boxes from my hand. He kisses me and tells me he'll be up front paying. I tell him I'll be right there. "Well," I say, turning back to the two that would have broken me if not for meeting that man. "It was nice seeing you two again. Have a nice life." I turn and walk away. Leaving the past behind. I'd learned a lot about Edward during our community service sessions. It was mortifying having to call in a favor from my dad but I did it. I learned how he and Seth and Seth's brother, Jake, grew up together, and when his parent's died and the threat of foster care was looming, Jake didn't hesitate to beg his dad to take Edward in. They were truly like brothers; the three of them did everything together. It broke both Edward and Seth when Jake made the decision to join the Air Force and nearly killed them both when he came home from active duty in a pine box. They did the one thing that they knew would honor his memory the best. They opened the bar that Jake had always talked about owning one day and named it after him. I was attracted to him the first night we met; but over those hours spent along side him doing menial work, I grew to love him. We married just two months after meeting and were pleased to become pregnant almost right away. My dad was thrilled at the prospect of becoming a grandfather. I was working at Jake's with Seth one night when Jasper came in. He eyed me warily before I beamed a smile at him. He released a breath and came over to the bar. He told me how sorry he was, that he'd broken it off with Alice. He couldn't understand how she could keep Emmett's relationship with someone else from me. She had dragged him out with them before but to him it didn't feel right. He and Edward are really close now and I love his girlfriend, Maria; she brings out a side of him I never saw when he was with Alice. I heard through the grapevine—namely my gossiping father—that Emmett was recently implicated in an embezzling ring that surrounded the law office he worked for. Not surprisingly, so was his secretary, Rosalie, but no one can find her. Turns out that apparently Rosalie is really Charlotte or Heidi (depending on who you ask) and made off with over a million dollars worth of clients' money. Of course, because she was working for Emmett, all the billable hours had been in his name and since they can't locate her to back up his story, he's in a lot of trouble. I should feel bad for him but I don't. Karma will always bite you in the ass. So my story didn't start with 'once upon a time', but it did end with 'they lived happily ever after' … well some of us did.