her and Jacob." "I don't blame her." "For missing her parents or for sleeping with Jacob?" Carlisle raised his eyebrows in a silly way, and Esme laughed hard. "You know, I always secretly hoped that she would fall in love with him," she continued. "At first I was worried for her when she told me what happened, but now I'm actually relieved." Carlisle's smile was true but still held a touch of concern. His hand wandered from her elbow up to her shoulder, and finally crept up to cup her cheek. Esme closed her eyes briefly, letting herself entertain an elaborate fantasy of what Renesmee and Jacob's children might look like if they started a family. "Jacob Black," she mused out loud with a knowing smile. She met her husband's eyes to confirm they both shared the same nostalgic train of thought. "He's a good man," Carlisle confirmed. "Carlisle, he worships her. I've seen it," she gushed, still high on the imaginary picture of Renesmee surrounded by little Quileute babies. "They're meant to be, but I think they're worried about the commitment now that they've basically sealed their fate." Soft and sure, Carlisle reassured her. "They'll find their way." He may have tried leaning in to kiss her, but Esme was still too excited to settle on that note. "They weren't speaking for a while after it happened, you know. Nessie said she would call him back and try to sort things out. I told her to." "My, my. You are quite the gossip tonight, aren't you?" Carlisle teased. He captured her hand and held it firmly against his heart. "Oh, and Nessie told me something else that I think you'll be interested to hear." He raised his brows in interest and lifted her hand to his lips to place light kisses on her fingers. "Mm hm?" "She said that Edward always taught her to save herself for marriage." She shared this piece of information in a tone that suggested it was actually scandalous and not sweet. As he let it sink in, Carlisle closed his eyes, smiled, and shook his head. "Are you proud?" Esme gushed, laying her hand conveniently on his lap. "More like thoroughly unsurprised," he redeemed in a raspy voice. They both laughed heartily. "How angry do you think he'll be when he finds out?" Esme whispered. Carlisle looked at her thoughtfully. "I don't think he will be." "Are you joking? He's going to be livid. Nessie thinks her mind is impenetrable but there's no way she'll be able to keep it from him until tomorrow." Carlisle shrugged. "I just don't see him getting angry about it." "How come?" "You already touched on how much you noticed he had changed. I'll have you know that this side of him has also changed a lot over the course of our trip." "Did you brainwash him or something?" Carlisle feigned a haughty sort of grin. "Well, I like to think I've been brainwashing him for about a century now." She slapped him lovingly on his shoulder. "No, really. What did you tell him?" He turned serious for a moment. "We did a lot of talking about parenthood. It's complicated for him because so much of his personality is still defined and driven by seventeen-year-old ideals." "Well, no man ever fully matures, so he doesn't have to feel insecure about that." "What's that supposed to mean?" "Even you can be a child sometimes, Carlisle." "As I was saying," he cleared his throat and laced his fingers with hers. "He never really thought about things from his daughter's perspective before. I tried to get him to empathize by comparing her life to his. I explained to him that Nessie is no longer being 'raised,' she is being taught by example. And all of us are responsible for setting that example, not just him and Bella. We talked a lot about all of the experiences we've had as father and son in the past, and the mistakes I'd made in attempting to raise him ." "Ahh, no wonder you two were gone for such a long time." Carlisle made an offended face at his wife's joke, until he was kissed into forgiveness. "It sounds like you two really made some progress," she said. "We needed this, Esme. We needed to be alone to discuss these kinds of things. We'd both gone too long without having that kind of outlet." He looked down at his lap. "I regret not noticing it sooner." She felt the need to boost his ego, so she did it unthinkingly. "You are such an amazing father." "Sometimes I still don't know if I'm doing it right," he said with a nervous laugh. "You are," she said strongly. "Trust me, you've done everything right." They shared a simple but meaningful kiss. The sun was gone now, traversing the other side of the earth before it would rise again in just ten more hours. Outside their little world, stars would keep on imploding, galaxies would keep on colliding, and the universe would keep on expanding. But everything here would be just as safe and secure as it had always been. They could always take comfort in having each other to love. Esme smiled to herself as she discreetly closed the cover to Nessie's quantum physics textbook. There was no need for complex theories here. "Next time you plan a trip, you should take Bella somewhere," Carlisle suggested. "That would be nice," Esme agreed. "Then you can take Bella somewhere, and I'll take Edward somewhere." "We can't leave Nessie out for much longer, though. Each of us should take her somewhere, too," he reminded. "I think Edward might beat us to it." "That's fine by me. I'll just take you somewhere." He held her hand tighter against his thigh. "Alone." She broke into a fit of giggles and kissed him resolutely on the mouth. "You know something? Our life is even more complicated than quantum physics." "I have to agree."