tried my hardest, made it a life mission to find pancakes as good as yours, and I swear they don't exist. You, future Mrs. Cullen, make the fucking best banana pancakes ever." " Thanks." She fucking blushed and bit her lip. I loved it when my girl did that. " So, are you ever going to tell me what you do to them to make them taste so good?" I wonder if her voodoo magic pussy somehow helped make the magic pancakes. " It's my secret, baby. But I promise I will only ever make the magic banana pancakes for you, always you, Edward." She gave me a tender look, and my heart actually quivered. She got up and put our empty plates in the sink, then came over and ruffled my hair. "Besides, silly, I can't tell you. Rock stars don't make pancakes." " Almost rock star," I corrected. " Well, after tomorrow you'll be a rock star." The thought of that played with my head. Life had a way of fucking with me so I couldn't get excited. After tomorrow, if things didn't get jacked up, I would allow myself to get excited. I knew no matter what life brought me, I would never be without my girl. Her and her magic pussy could keep all their secrets, as long as she was with me – always. ### Everyone started to stand and I was pulled from my happy thoughts. A wonderful memory when life was simple, when it was just my girl and me, before I signed my life to the chains of a record label and fucked everything up. Charlotte and Peter, Jasper's brother and his wife, ran into the diner. They were frantic. They looked like hell, like they'd partied with Ozzie Osborne all night and then were forced to watch his marathon show on TV for twelve hours. "Edward…James…we need you," Peter panted. Fuck, I was out of shape, but this fucker looked like he was going to die from the short jog between the hotel and the diner. Charlotte rolled her eyes, frustrated at her out of breath husband. "It's Alice and Jasper. They overdosed last night. We're on our way to University hospital, the ambulance already left!" The two of them rushed out of the diner, leaving us behind. I was frozen in shock. Thankfully, Seth's cool head kicked into place. He ordered the staff back to the hotel and called the limo for James, him and me. As we drove to the hospital, my mind raced with worry. James called my dad. He was going to call the attending over Alice and Jasper's cases and get the real story, doctor to doctor. Seth called Jasper and Alice's families and I had only one job. I had to make one call. I picked up my phone and dialed the number by heart. I had to call Bella, my wife, or estranged wife. I had fucked that up like everything else in my life. "Edward?" Bella asked hesitantly as she picked up the phone on the third ring. "Bella, I need you. Jasper and Alice…" I chocked on a sob as Bella's frantic voice rang in my ear peppering me with questions. I couldn't talk; the reality of what mine and Jasper's life had become weighed on me. I handed the phone to Seth to explain. Once Seth was done, he handed the phone back to me. "Bella wants to talk to you." "Edward, I'm heading to Sea-Tac now. I'll be on the next plane," Bella said in a small, sad voice. "Vannie?" I wanted to see my little girl. It had been too long. Bella sighed. "She's staying with my dad and Sue." "Bella, I want to see her." I begged. "Edward, she's been in Forks this whole time. You could have seen her every day for the last two years." Bella's tone was harsh. "Look, we'll talk about you seeing her again when I get there, but, Edward, I'm not dragging my baby girl across the country since your best friends overdosed on heroine last night." "Bella, you told me to stay away. And they are our best friends," I said roughly. Alice and Jasper, I know, haven't been close to Bella in awhile, but at one time the four of us were inseparable. Bella huffed. I could imagine the annoyed look she had on her beautiful face. A look I put there many times. "No, Edward, I never told you to stay away from our daughter. I said if your music, band, whores and drugs were more important than coming to things like your daughter's first birthday, then maybe it would be best if you stayed away. I can't have you breaking my baby girl's heart, like you broke mine…" "Bella, I'm sorry…for a lot of things. I'd like to talk, explain…fuck! I fucked up Bella. I love you and Vannie, so much. I don't know how it all got so fucked up. How did it get so fucked up, Bella?" I felt wet on my face and realized I was crying. Fuck! "I'll get there as soon as I can, Edward. I think we need to talk too…about a few things." Yes, I wanted her back and I was leaving this life. I wanted my family. "Okay. I'll see you soon. And Bella, I love you – always." "Good bye, Edward. I'll text you and Seth the details when I get a flight." She didn't return my declaration for the first time since – well, ever. Fuck! I needed Bella and Vannie. I knew what I had to do. "James, we need to talk." I was quitting the band. I just hope it wasn't too late. I needed my family back. A/N: Thanks for reading. Please leave a review with your thoughts. Please check out all the other entries for the Twilight Post Secret Challenge . Voting opens 12/2 through 12/12. Winners will be announced on December 14th. 13