window to pace across the room. "I can't just move to Arizona…" "You were completely exonerated, right? You're not on parole, so there should be no reason why you can't leave town, or leave the state." "Bella, where the hell am I supposed to live? What the fuck am I supposed to do for a job? I've never been to college, I'm not trained in fucking anything!" "Didn't you do any kind of work in prison? Make license plates or train service dogs or something?" He barks out a laugh. "I was on death row, Bella. They didn't let us do shit like that." "Ok, well… you… my dad said you have a lot of money coming from the State, for the false conviction. You can live off that until you're ready to go to college or some sort of trade school… whatever you want to do." Edward stares at me, but he's no longer arguing, so I wonder if I'm getting through to him. "Bella, baby, I'm no good for you," he says sadly. "I'm fucked up in the head, not to mention twice your age! I will be 40 by the time you graduate from college. Do you really want to tie yourself to someone like me?" "I don't care how old you are," I reply stubbornly. He's still fucking hot. Edward stalks over to where I remain standing by the window, grasping my face gently in his hands. "I'm fucked up. I have no idea if I'll ever be normal, if I'll ever be able to work a nine to five job indoors or around other people — like a normal person." "I don't care, Edward," I repeat slowly. "None of that matters to me." He stares into my eyes, looking for what I don't know — honesty, sincerity, the fact that I'm not batshit crazy myself for wanting him. "I never expected to find anyone who could bring me back to life," he whispers, dropping his hands to my waist. "I never expected to find someone like you, someone who could want me after…" "I do want you, Edward. I'll always want you." He lets out a shaky breath. "Arizona, huh?" I nod. "In Tucson. It's sunny there, not so wet and cold like Forks. You could stay outside all the time as long as you can stand the heat." He smiles, leaning in to place a soft kiss on my lips. "It sounds nice," he whispers, kissing me again. "You could… you could start over, in a place where no one knows you, no one judges you." "All I need is you," he replies, shaking his head. He then leans his forehead against mine, pulling me close. "Can I have you?" "You've got me," I plead. "Can I have you now ?" he asks, pressing his erection into my lower stomach to make his point. "Yes," I whisper, though I'm honestly still a little sore from the first time. Edward unbuttons his jeans, pulling his cock out of the opening as he lifts me up, sliding himself inside, making us one. Making us whole. . Four years later I stand on the patio drinking a mojito at my college graduation party. Edward is behind me, his arms around my waist as he nuzzles my neck. He says he has a surprise for me later, and I'm pretty sure it's an engagement ring. I can't wait to tell him yes. Edward and I snuck around for the rest of that first summer when I was 18, before moving to Tucson together, into a small apartment near campus. We finally told both my dad and his parents about two weeks before we left town. To our surprise, the Cullens decided to put their house in Forks up for sale and move with us. To no one's surprise, my dad reacted badly at first. None of my protests that I was only behaving like the non-judgmental daughter he raised could convince him that my soul mate was a 36-year old man. Thankfully, he has softened a bit over the years, seeing how happy we are together. After a few months in Tucson, Edward took a job with a landscaping company so that he could work outdoors. He soon discovered that his mother's design sense had been passed down after all, and he was quickly promoted to a position as a landscape architect. I've told him numerous times that he should start his own business, but he doesn't want to meet with potential clients or manage other employees. For the first year, we hid Edward's presence whenever my mom came to visit. Eventually I told her that I had a boyfriend and introduced them. With my mother's short memory, she didn't remember the Cullens or the murder case at all. She wasn't exactly thrilled about Edward's age, but… tough. I can't say that everything has been easy over the last four years. Edward's parents insisted that he continue seeing a shrink here in Tucson. Even though I could see him getting better, it still took three years for him to quit smoking, and to tell me about the horrors he experienced during his first few years in prison. I held him all night the night he finally told me, and the experience definitely brought us closer. When I started introducing Edward to my college friends, they couldn't hide their shock that my boyfriend was so much older than me, even if they had to admit that he's still hot. Edward's age has just never bothered me. I see a few streaks of gray in the hair on his temples now, which I love to tease him about, but he's just my Edward. And he's the only man I'll ever need. Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x