against him. "I love you!" she blurted out, letting go of his hair. "Yeah, that will do that to a girl," Edward teased while he stood up, and Bella realized her faux pas. She bolted up, taking his face in her hands. "No! Not because of, I mean I loved that. Yeah. I did." Bella let go of Edward to run her hand through her hair. "I love you. I'm sorry that I didn't say it before—" "But you did," Edward's voice soothed. "You told me you'd move back to Chicago to be with me. You told me you didn't do anything without putting your whole heart into it. I knew, Bella. I knew." "But you need to hear it. I love you. I love you. I love you." Bella repeated Edward's earlier declaration, kissing her way down his chest as she spoke. "Now let me show you." She grabbed the waist band of Edward's jeans, simultaneously pushing him back as she slid from the table and undid the button. She tried to twist around, switching their positions, when Edward stopped her. "Can I take a rain check on that?" He'd guessed, correctly, that she was about to go down on him. He could tell she was more than willing, but James' words rang in his ear. He didn't want Bella to do anything she may be uncomfortable with just to please him. Plus, he had other pressing concerns and desires. "Bella, it's been more than a year. I don't think I'm going to last long, and the first time I come with you, I'd like it to be with you writhing beneath me." "You haven't been with anyone since you met me?" Bella stopped her descent. "Bella, it didn't take me long to figure out how I felt about you. I'm not interested in fucking just to get off. I knew one day you'd be ready to see the way I felt about you, and I wasn't going to let anything complicate that." Edward's fingers swiftly swept along Bella's collarbone to underneath her chin. He gently tilted her face up to him. "I knew we had enough obstacles between us. I wasn't going to add more." "You mean our age gap." "I mean your perception of our age gap. Bella, am I like any other twenty-two-year-old you've met?" She didn't even have to contemplate it. She'd spent the majority of her adult life around guys in their twenties. "No. You're like no one I've ever met." "You're everything to me, Bella. You were worth it. If I lost my chance to ever play in the NHL again, I wouldn't regret it. But if lost my chance with you..." She was overwhelmed. With love. With desire. The two were so entwined; she'd never felt more complete, yet she'd never needed something more. "Take me to bed." He was on her again. His hands travelled down her body. He pulled her legs around his waist as his tongue twisted around hers. Her wet heat pressed against his rippling abs as he moved toward his bedroom. Bella once again fisted her hands in his hair. She mewled when Edward kneeled on the bed and brought her slowly down. He placed her gently on the middle of his bed and then backed up. "Touch yourself," he commanded, undoing his jeans and pulling them down his legs, his quads flexing with the movement. Bella had no problem obeying. She was enjoying the view. The extra time in the gym, playing a position that kept him in a squat, the rigorous adherence to nutrition; it showed. "I could watch you all day." Edward took his thick cock in his hand, unrolling the condom he'd grabbed from the dresser behind him, and then he continued to leisurely stroke himself while he watched Bella's fingers explore her aching sex. "This sight, you naked on my bed, my fantasies had nothing on this." He kneeled on the bed again. Though his hand stilled, it remained on his erection. He gently squeezed his base, hoping to slow himself down, as he pressed against her entrance. They both moaned as he entered her. Bella was hot and tight and she stretched over him. Edward's eyes didn't move away from Bella's face until he was fully sheathed inside her. "I love you." Her declaration unleashed something in Edward. "Bella," Edward whispered against Bella's neck. She let her nails bite into his back, hard enough to encourage him to move against her. She pulled his head from her neck to look at him. "Don't hold back." But it wasn't what she said that tipped him; it was the emotion in her eyes as she spoke to him. "Let go. Make me yours." He did. He cupped her shoulder with one hand while the other grabbed the headboard. He pulled her body to him as he pushed toward her. Her back arched against him as much as it could under the force of his body claiming her. His body, hard and tight, moved against her clit. His pace was unrelenting, nearly frantic, and Bella felt a growing pressure deep in her belly. Her muscles clenched. As she grew even tighter around Edward's dick, she groaned and he matched her cries. His hips thrust wildly into her as she came, the flutter of her body milking him, the arousal that coated him triggering his own orgasm. He continued to move, leisurely now, as they both rode out the pleasure that moved between them. She was sure now that she'd come undone, she'd never come back down. That she'd never be the person she was before this moment. She'd never been happier. She was released. She was loved. She loved. She was his. She was free. Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x