to know her quite well during the course, I could see she was anything but that. "Hi, Bella!" Mary greeted her and went up to kiss her cheek. "How pretty you look today!" "Thanks," Bella mumbled. Renée went around and handed us drinks before we all went to the backyard where she and Charlie welcomed us with a simple dinner. In the background, I heard giggling and two girls making fun of us boring adults as we clinked our glasses together and thanked our hosts for the invitation. The corners of my mouth twitched in amusement at the thought. The next hours dragged by as we talked about mundane things like the weather, politics, and our jobs. I smiled and laughed at the right places when Charlie said something he deemed funny, and the whole time, I was able to avoid Bella. There wasn't much to avoid. Alice did a pretty good job at keeping her away from me, and I thanked my daughter for that. However, my luck couldn't last forever. Toward the end of the night, Alice's cell rang and when she squealed before answering, I knew she would be occupied for a while. Renée and Mary began to take all the dishes inside to the kitchen, and Charlie had disappeared a few minutes before without saying where he was going, so it was only me and Bella left in their garden. Bella gave me a look before standing up and making her way toward the south end of the hedge where a huge apple tree created a shadow that hid everything from view. I knew for a fact that Alice and Bella had used that same space many times when they were looking for trouble, but I tried not to think about what kind of mischief Bella had planned for us before I followed her. I couldn't, not follow her. She was like a magnet. Bella stopped just where she would be completely concealed, but she remained with her back to me. Suddenly, I felt the urge to explain why I had reverted to ignoring her. "Bella," I started lowly, and her shoulders tensed up as if she was expecting me to yell at her or something. "We need to take it easy, don't you think?" I asked her, but she did not answer me. "I mean…it would be impossible to…" I couldn't find the right words to explain it. I didn't know how to phrase it so that she would understand. For her it was probably as simple as me not liking her enough to take the chance—if she only knew. "If we were to meet in that way…" I had to be careful not to say anything that would spark hope inside of her. I only wanted to explain it once, and I needed her to understand what it was she was asking of me by staying silent. "It would be hard for our families to associate, and we would constantly have to play theatre. I already am in a way, and I don't think I can handle adding another level to the character I already play. And I can't do that to Mary. I would feel like an ass." Bella remained silent, but I knew she was soaking up every word, and I also knew that she didn't believe that to be the entire truth. She didn't have to say it out loud. I could hear it in her silence. "I don't want to do this with you, Bella," I said truthfully, but the words came out harsher than I intended. "I can't start a relationship that might not have a future. It makes me feel like I have no control. Emotionally, I mean. Not now. Not at my age. Do you understand?" I wished that she would turn around so that I could see her face, but it also made it easier to say all of this to her back, but I would have appreciated it if she said something to me. All she gave me was a shrug. "I have too much to lose, Bella. Who knows what you'll feel for me in six months?" "I haven't exactly asked you to marry me," she finally snapped at me. I flinched at the hurt in her voice. "No, no, I know that! What I'm trying to say is that I don't want to take any risks with what I've got. I don't want to even think about what would happen if Alice and Mary suddenly found out." I sighed deeply. "I know it's difficult for you to understand. Mary and I have been married for twenty-three years, and—" "I know exactly how long you've been married," she said and defensively crossed her arms across her chest. "And you don't have to explain anything. I understand better than you think." She huffed slightly, and it tore at me, but it was for the best. "I'm sorry, Bella," I said genuinely. "I never meant for any of this to happen." I took a step closer and gently placed my hand on her bare shoulder. I let it remain there a second before removing it and backing away from the girl that had succeeded in capturing my heart, returning to what my life had been before her. A/N: I never promised a happy ending…Sorry if that upset you, but I wanted to write a realistic story as things like this do happen in real life. Now I have considered continuing the story, but then I must warn you, our couple will spin a web of lies and cheating will be involved, more so than it already has, and I haven't decided if it should have a happy ending then between the couple because that would most certainly mean that Bella would completely lose Alice as a friend. So it's up to you! If you absolutely want to read more drama, then tell me! Otherwise, this is it. Thanks so much for reading! Much Love MarieCarro :-*