his cigarette out on the building. "You know something funny, I stopped smoking years ago." "Why now?" "I bought a pack just before I drove here for emergencies." "Like seeing one of your best friends like that." "Like seeing you." "Bella!" Alice yells from around the front of the building. "Bella Swan!" I don't have time to feel embarrassed or awkward or anything else I should be feeling, because Alice barrels around the side and interrupts. "Billy said he saw you come out here." She smiles at Edward and I realize they all knew he was going to be here. I hate them a little for not warning me, not that they owe me anything now. "Should have known you two would find each other." "I was just bumming a cigarette," I say, creating some distance between Edward and me. "Do you guys want to go to the corner pub? Mike just got here and we were thinking about having a couple of drinks," she asks. Edward and I immediately look at each other, like we're waiting for the other to answer. "I'm in," he says. "I think I'm just going to go home. I'm tired and not really feeling up to it." I offer a smile and start inside to pay my respects to Billy again before I leave. "Bella!" Edward catches up with me. "Don't not go because of me." "It's not because of you. It's been a long day, Edward. Make sure to pour a shot for Jake." I walk a little faster and disappear into the crowd. I talk to Billy and Sue for a few minutes before I leave. The group appears to have already left, Rose's car is gone and I assume she's the designated driver for the evening. Now that I think about it, Edward is probably staying with Emmett. And from what my dad told me Emmett bought the house down at the end of our road. Which means Edward was and is staying a few houses down from my house. Great. When I get home, the house is deserted. Mom and Dad must still be out to eat. I fall asleep relatively quickly, but wake hours later to loud voices and laughter outside. I get out of bed and shuffle to the window. Down on the sidewalk, coming toward the house, is Emmett, Jasper, and Edward. It's apparent they've been drinking, especially Emmett. Maybe they had one too many shots for Jake. Jasper and Emmett are a few steps ahead, half walking, half wrestling, while Edward looks on laughing. A big, beautiful belly laugh that takes me back a million years. I find myself smiling, until he slowly comes to a stop and looks up at my house. At my window. At me. It's too late to look away now, he knows I see him. Jasper and Emmett hit the next block and keep walking. I sigh, open my window, and stick my head out. "Good evening," he says. I glance at the clock. "More like Good Morning." "This is quite familiar, hmm?" He kicks a few stray rocks. His tie is loose, hanging down a long ways from his neck. The top few buttons of his shirt are undone and in the moonlight I can see a few thin tufts of hair peaking out. "Last time we did this, I think you were asking me to Prom." "Well you did say yes, didn't you?" He rocks back and forth, a little unsteady. "Have fun at the bar?" "Rose got so annoyed with us on the drive home, she dropped us off two blocks back and her and Alice drove the rest of the way." He laughs again. The front door of my house opens and my dad steps out onto the porch, hands on his hips and half asleep. "Can we continue this conversation tomorrow...when people aren't sleeping?" He looks at Edward and looks up at me. "Edward." He acknowledges him. "Sir." Edward nods and quickly begins to walk away, looking back at my window as he does. "Goodnight, Bella," Dad says, not bothering to look up as he walks back inside. "Night, Dad." I linger at the window, thinking about the times I would leave it open for Edward to climb through. We used to have this huge tree just outside and I swear my dad cut it down to prevent him from climbing it. Without another thought, and even though I know it doesn't mean anything, I walk away from the open window, letting the cool air of the night and the memories of what used to be inside. A/N: Hi all! So this was kind of unexpected. I had this plot bunny awhile ago while I was listening to Adele's When We Were Young. I swear writers should not be allowed to listen to that woman, it's like plot bunnies galore with her music. Anyway, I got to a point where I was feeling frustrated with myself and not feeling like I had any mojo while I was trying to get the last chunk of Born of Ash and Fire done, so I kind of let myself play around with some new ideas to hopefully get things flowing again. Good news, it helped for BoAF. And even better news, it spawned this story that I am so in love with. This was originally meant to be a one shot, but as it kept going and going and not getting too far in the "outline" of the story, I realized if I kept it a one shot it would probably be incredibly long and possibly overwhelming to sit down and read all in one go. So the plan is to have probably 3 parts, and to have it finished up and completed fairly quickly. Hope you enjoy it, I'd love to hear what your thoughts are. I love "going home", rekindled romances, and long lost best friends, so those elements are all very strong in the story. :)