his room. As soon as the door closed he was on me. His hands moving from mine and travelling all over my body, but never lingering long enough on the places I wanted them to. His lips were also busy placing wet kisses along my neck and down my chest. I moaned and arched into his touch, "please don't tease." "You'll have to beg more than that," he growled before unzipping my dress. It pooled at my feet, "you're fucking beautiful." He touched my skin gently, and I was almost embarrassed at my reaction to his simple touch. I moaned, and tired of waiting my own hands unclipped my bar and threw it to the floor. Instead of feeling nervous about being naked in front of a man, I felt oddly empowered as his eyes dazed over with lust. I revelled in his looking. I felt like a lioness and he was prey. Fuck yes. I stalked towards him, and practically pounced on him- sending us both crashing to the floor. I clawed at his top, and taking my hint he quickly removed it. His lips were back on mine. And this time they were harder, more fierce. Gone were the soft and long kisses, and now they were rough and harsh. His teeth nipped at my lips, and they clashed against my own. His hand all the while danced across my thigh before reaching my panties. Without warning he pushed the lace out of the way and cupped me. I broke the kiss to moan, and I heard him cursing. "You're so fucking wet," he crowed, and to prove his point his fingers traced my slit, "so desperate for me." "Edward," I moaned, "fuck." He chuckled roughly, and his fingers stilled and traced my clit making my jerk and squirm in pleasure. With me distracted he reversed our position, and suddenly he was on top of me. And he was in control again. Part of me growled in frustration, but the slut in me was quite happy with the attention being placed on a certain bundle of nerves. "These need to come off," and with those words his hand left the inside of the panties and instead pulled them down my legs. "Your jeans need to come off too," I argued, and he smirked at me deliciously before shrugging out his tight jeans with ease, "that's fine by me." "Do you have a condom?" I asked. "Of course. Always come prepared, right?" he didn't give me time to respond because his lips came down onto mine again. His fingers also returned to my slit, and instead of teasing me with soft touches he thrust two of his long fingers inside me. The feeling of his pumping fingers was incredible, and I couldn't help but bit down on his lips hard in an attempt to hold back a loud moan. My own hands were busy, one tightly wrapped in his hair and the other trailing down and inside his boxer. I traced his length lightly and it was him that broke our kiss to let out a curse. "Fuck, that feels so good." "No more teasing, please," I begged, and to back up my point I began rubbing my thumb across the head of his cock. My other hand left his hair and pulled desperately at his boxers. Finally I manged to free him of them, and my movements stopped as I took him in. Hard, long and thick. I couldn't help but throb at the thought. "I can't wait any longer," he admitted and his hands which had been bringing he such pleasure left, and I felt empty without them. He moved back and palmed the pocket of his jeans. I could hear the rustling of the condom wrapper before his weight settled on top of me again. He nudge me wide open, and without waiting a second longer he thrust into me. "Holy crap," I groaned, moving my hips to meet his in perfect rhythm. "I wanted you the moment I saw you at the bar," he murmured, and he thrust even deeper and even harder- lifting my leg to reach an angle inside of me that just made me shiver and convulse. "Same," I agreed, but it came out as more of a long drawn out moaning sound. To stop anymore noises I threaded my fingers through his hair and pulled his mouth back to mine. His lips stay on mine only for a moment before sloping down to my neck. Then lower and lower until I could feel his stubble scratching against my sensitive nipple. He sucked one into his mouth and lightly bit down. I can feel myself getting closer and closer to the edge. And god damn was I chasing that high. I needed to come. I needed him to make me come. "I'm so close." "I can tell," his hand moved from holding my leg up to play with my clit again, "you're so tight." His thrusts became more erratic, and I knew he was close too. I was trying to hold on, but as his lips returned to my nipples and his finger pinched at my clit I gave up. The orgasm rocked though my body, and I couldn't help the sharp cry from my lips. My orgasm seemed to have a domino effect. As I was coming down from mine, Edward let out a loud groan and his hips stilled before giving one final powerful thrust. I was breathless, gasping for air, as Edward's thrust slowed until stopping completely. With another groan he rolled off of me. "We didn't even make it to the bed," I noticed. His eyes met mine and they flashed brightly with such wickedness, "Next time." *Fans herself* man! Is it just me or is getting a lil' hot in here? I need to go cool down I think! Lemme know what you thought. Review! Also check out the banner- link on the profile. Thanks :D :D