him to leave and here it was." Alice patted my hand, "I wish I could have been there with you Bella. I could have helped you give them what they deserved." I snorted, "Well, sweetie, I think I did it all on my own." I don't to this day know how I ended up in the house. The cops said I went through the window that was open. They must have gone for a snack in the kitchen. The oldest blood was located in there. I shot Tanya in the stomach when she walked back into the bedroom she died three hours before the cops showed up two days later. I let her suffer and watch what I did to Edward. See I shot him in the knee, got him on the bed and tied him up, stopped the bleeding and tortured him for two days." I bit my bottom lip and let my eyes roam over stained gray institution walls. "Angela reported us all missing two days later. The police came and I heard them and threw down my toys. They sounded like a troop of elephants tearing their way in. The fool heard them and had such hope in his eyes. He thought he was saved so I stabbed Edward in the femoral, and watched the life drain out of him. He was so very frightened. It's worse for doctors you know. We are the Gods of life and death and we just can't accept such a mundane fate." "So here I am. I don't know if I should be thankful I got life or wish I got death. Am I sorry? I was when my mother-in-law spoke at the sentencing hearing. I was sorry I broke her heart. Now, I have all the time in the world to think about it and the only thing I can think of is the other things I could have done. " "Ok, What now?" Rose asks us. "What do you mean, Rose?" Bella asked, her head resting on her right hand. "Ever see the Disney movie Jungle Book?" Alice asked in a dreamy voice. Rose and Bella just turned toward her. "Alice, why do you want to know if we have seen the Jungle Book?" Both knew by now to expect something odd as a reply to their question and they weren't disappointed. "Vultures." That raised eyebrows. They held their questions waiting for the mini nut case to elaborate. "Near the end of the movie is a group of vultures gathered in a tree and all they are asking is what to do now." "Ahh," Bella said, "I remember! What cha wanna do, no what cha wanna do?" "Yep, that's it. Although we are too hot for vultures, we are more of the hawk variety." "Focus Alice," Rose said. "Oh, ok, sorry to deviate. What I'm saying is lets Shawshank this place." "How the hell do you get Shawshank Redemption from vultures in a Disney movie Alice?" Rose asked baffled at her sting of logic. "Darlin," she said channeling her former victim Jasper, "There are a few of us in here, it just depends on who wants to talk first." She then looked up at me with a Hannibal Lecter grin, and asked in that cultured Anthony Hopkins voice, "So Shawshank?" "Is there a resort for murderesses somewhere down past the border Alice?" Bella asked. "Not yet but it will be magnificent." AN: Nancy – this one is for you. Next time I will do a romantic one. You remember that little chat we had discussing how we could just kill our lovable hubbies sometimes, well honey I almost did for real! It's a true story folks, my life is a sitcom. It's my entire fault, and I blame it on crusty winter elbows. You know us girls are always looking for those little concoctions that are simple and promise soft hands, blemish free skin, etc. Well I was scanning the internet trying to find a solution for my elbows which are in horrible shape. The day before I had come across a new recipe and it was simple so I wanted to try it out. You take a cup of salt put it into a bowl and add in half a bottle of baby oil. Get yourself a hot shower going and scrub yourself all over till your pink then wash it all off under the hot spray. You will come out squeaky pink and soft as a baby's butt, smelling like one too. So Friday afternoon I put this concoction together and eagerly hopped into the shower to try it out. It worked so well I had to call my sister and tell her all about it. I had meant to clean out the tub before the hubby hopped in but got distracted by the call. It was such a good chat that I didn't pay any attention to the hubby walking by heading toward the shower. I remember hearing a noise and it sounded like thunder and I asked my sister if a thunder cloud was coming up. She said no so we got off the phone and I went and looked for what made the noise. Hubby was lying in the floor of the shower legs strait up against the wall, groaning. The shower curtain had fallen and was half in and out of the tub and water was going everywhere. I asked if he was ok and he said he was thinking about it and it might take a while. I turned off the shower and asked what happened and he said that he got in and just flipped. He was not happy and I have a lot of making up to do, but I'm glowing, have soft elbows, and smell like a baby's butt; a clean powdered one. IF YOU USE THE SALT/BABY OIL RECIPE – CLEAN THE SHOWER ASAP! I DO NOT TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ACCIDENTS THAT MAY HAPPEN IF YOU DON'T!