saying we can't, but you don't mean it." I shake my head and skim her flushed cheek with my knuckles. "Meet me somewhere. Tonight." It's not a question. Bella exhales deeply, her chin drops and she chews at her bottom lip. The blood that was violently swooshing through my veins slows. I see something in her eyes, and the hope I had a few seconds ago wanes. My arms fall from her waist, and I start to back away. My hand grips the doorknob and I'm about to turn it when she finally nods and my fucking heart beats once again. "The park? Text me when you can get away, and I'll meet you there." I bend down, capturing her lips once more with mine. "Vinyl." I tip her chin up so she's looking directly into my eyes. "See you soon." . . . Hours pass slowly, and I start losing hope in the anticipated text message. I mull over the kiss, the touches and the way Bella looked in my arms. The energy of the moment has me gasping to catch a breath. "Fuck." I rip my t-shirt off and grab for my headphones, so I can go for a run. I need to clear my head, pound the pavement and push the fact that Bella probably isn't going to contact me, out of my mind. When I leave the house, I contemplate taking the same route as Emmett and I jog in the morning, but I think better of it since it will take me by the Whitlock's. I don't trust myself not to stop and throw pebbles at her bedroom window or knock at her door, beg her to meet me and to give me, us, a chance. Not even when Tanya and I split did I feel the desperation I'm feeling right now. The longing to touch Bella is too much, and I ball my fists and pump my arms faster, sprinting, pushing myself harder than I ever have. I end up at the park. I pull the headphones off my ears, letting them rest around my neck and walk in the dark over the freshly cut grass, circling the park until my heart rate returns to normal. I'm acting emo and shit, so I need to go home and forget about what could have been. I'm about to leave when I notice Bella's convertible in the parking lot. I quickly grab for my phone and check for missed calls or texts, but there aren't any. The glow of Bella's phone illuminates her face, and I wonder if she's debating whether or not to contact me? I take a seat on a bench in a darkly-shadowed area of the park. My view is perfect, but unless Bella's looking for me, she won't notice I'm here. I grip my phone in my hand, willing it to ping or ring and let me know she wants to meet. But the phone does neither, and after five minutes the little shred of hope seeing her here gave me is snuffed out. I sigh, resigned to the fact that Bella can't or won't take the chance on us becoming something wonderful. I stand and start to pull my headphones back on my ears when my phone starts playing the song ' Wonderful Tonight' , and the photo I secretly snapped of Bella laughing lights up the screen. "Hey." "Hi." Her voice is soft and sweet. "About time, Vinyl." I tease, but neither of us laughs. I watch as she drags her fingers through the front of her hair. "I um. I didn't know if I should call." "You had me worried." My legs feel weak, and I decide to sit back down. "You letting me down easy? Or …" I rub my hand over my face before continuing. "You gonna meet me tonight?" "I don't know." "Tell me something." The sound of her taking a deep breath doesn't ease my mind. It puts more doubt out there and my chest tightens. "Why'd you drive to the park if you don't wanna see me?" Her breath hitches, and she looks around, scanning the desolate grounds. "How'd you know?" "I went for a run." I stand. "Look straight ahead." Her head quickly snaps forward, and I lift my hand, unsure if she can see me because she doesn't wave back. Silence lingers, and for a minute, I think she ended our call. Finally, I hear her suck in a breath and she speaks. "I see you." "Do you really wanna see me? Or should I go on home?" I can't go toward her car until she answers my question. "God, yes, I want to see you. I fucking always want to see you. That's the problem." "That doesn't seem like a problem. It actually sounds pretty fucking good." "Edward, I'm afraid." "Afraid of me?" I see her shake her head, and this time I start walking. "Yes. I mean, no. I'm afraid of you leaving." "I won't." "You will. You're young." I pick up my pace, jogging until I'm standing just a few feet in front of her car. I deliberately raise my phone and hit end on the call, all without removing my eyes from hers. The moonlight captures Bella's beauty, holding her in the softness of its illumination. Her eyes sparkle like stars when she tips her head up to greet me, and I see tears making them glisten. I toss my phone in the car and open her door. I squat down next to her, and she swivels in her seat. "You have dreams," she says sadly. My hands cup her face, and I bring her lips close to mine. "My dream is you, Vinyl. My goddamned dream is you." Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x