I smile to myself . 'They think what they breed off this human is the savior. But I know the child is only one piece of the puzzle. And I know that a future queen will rule the board with a king.' "Oh, please, like that egotistical bunch will ever let it happen." "That's what you and I are for Rose, my dear. We are her guardians, until Edward comes to claim his bride and child. Help me get her in the house and changed, then we can work on what to tell her later." Bella stirs and mumbles longingly, "Edward." I know deep within her subconscious she knows what happened last night. She was a more than willing participant in the end. I just have to keep her under my spell till I know she is ready for the truth, but until that time I will let her dreams do the work for me. The Fairy World tutorial FAE (FEY ) Faerie / Fairy / Sidhe (pronounced she ) These are not your Disney characters! Tall, lithe, beautiful, magical, immortal, and mischievous. SEELIE Supposedly the "good" fairy's, but mostly just the pure and pious. They don't mix their blood or associate with the other races. More mainstream, more human. The Court consist of the King of Light (deceased) and Fairy royals. The other magical beings there are just hangers on and are never accepted by the elite. They are a superficial people, if it looks good it must be good. UNSEELIE Fairy's of mixed blood and the ones that have been banned from the Seelie court. All magical beings are accepted and they do not try to mimic the humans. They are naughty on a good day and on a bad one, just plain dangerous. Not the good fairy's at all. They are ruled by the Queen of Darkness. SLOUGH Goblins and "Things" too scary for even the Unseelie. They are allies of the Unseelie. Ruled by the King of Illusion. DEMIFEY These are the small winged fairy people. They can change their sizes to a more human compatible look, though when they do they are more of a human size and not the tall pureblood Seelie size. When they change shape to the larger size, their wings become tattoos on their backs. They are ruled by The Queen of Air. They are not sweetness and light. FAIRY RINGS A ring of mushrooms. Magical legends say never dance in a fairy ring because the fairies will claim you. Some stories tell of the fairies making you dance till you die. It is a very powerful magic circle for fairy rituals. FAIRY MOUND / SITHEN The place where the fairy people live. To us it may just look like an entrance to a cave or a door into a rock, but it is a world inside the earth, unlimited in its size. It is a magical entity all its own and grows as needed. If you were to ask for a door you had better be specific where you want the door to open too, it takes things quite literally and is considered wild magic. Terms used HAND OF POWER Each person has two gifts. For example, the hand of healing, meaning he has the power to heal with touch, and the hand of blood, which means he can pull your blood from your body through a scratch if he wants to. You are considered an adult when both of your powers come in. DIETY The God and Goddess. GLAMOUR Use of magic to disguise appearance. MARRIAGE In this world you can only marry if you have produced a child together. When you do, it is permanent. There is no cheating, to do so would label you an oath breaker, providing you with a death sentence. So, no divorce either. FERTILITY The fae have always been slow to reproduce, but now are becoming infertile. You cannot marry with out proof of fertility, so unless you get your girl pregnant there will be no marriage. This gets worse if you are royalty. If it is proven that your swimmers are not swimming and your eggs won't hatch, you could be sacrificed to the Deity as a fertility offering. This has happened to the Seelie King. Prince Carlisle will also stay as a prince until he proves his fertility and marries. A fae child gestates in half the time it takes for a human to gestate, so about 5 months from conception to birth. The child will grow at the same rate as the book so look for a fast changing kid. Our Characters Bella Swan Virgin. College student. Bit of a loner. She is living in her mother and step dad's home while they are over seas. Edward Prince of the Unseelie Court. Alice Unseelie. Mix of Seelie mother and Demifey father. Also goes by Mab. She is friend to Prince Edward and paired with his royal guardsman Duke Jasper. She has the hand of healing and in the past when the fae were more fertile she was the midwife for the mothers. She also has the hand of the future meaning she can see the future. Jasper Unseelie Duke and Royal Guard to Prince Edward Rose Princess of the Seelie court. Her father gave Rose to the Unseelie Queen as a token of peace. Rose was abused by the Unseelie Queen. She was given as a gift to Duke Emmett as a reward for him joining the royal guard in service to her son Prince Edward. Emmett Unseelie Duke and Royal Guard to Prince Edward Carlisle Seelie Prince. He will be crowned King when he produces a child proving his fertility. Queen Elizabetta Rules the Unseelie with an iron fist. She is a sexual sadist and her appetites range from just cruel to the disturbingly bizarre. Male or female, it matters naught to her, she will play with her latest toy until they are in tatters and discard the remains.