heart like a song. Together, the two of them were ageless. Edward pulled her onto his chest. "That was—" "Pretty incredible" Bella finished for him. She rubbed her hand distractedly on his chest. He kissed the top of her head. "We've had sex twice, and it's been amazing but—" "We barely know each other. We can finish each other's sentences, so that must count for something," he added teasingly. "I promise, I'm not some serial killer." "I didn't promise any such thing." Bella tickled his side. He made her feel so young again. "I'm kind of evil." He answered by flipping Bella over and showering her face with little kisses. Bella laughingly shrieked, "Hey now!" His eyes were bright as he looked down at her with a smile. "I feel like I'm older than my age. I've been designing and selling apps for years now. I could support you if I wanted." "Apps?" "Yeah. Applications for devices like iPads. I know back in your day those things didn't exist—" he began. Bella put her hand over his mouth. "I know what an app is, smart ass. I wasn't born in the Renaissance!" Edward pulled away from her hand. "I'm joking. What I'm trying to say is you look and act young. I act old. We balance each other out." "How do you know that for sure? This is me being older and practical. All I know is that you're almost finished with college, and I'm guessing a wizard with computers." She stroked his face. Life throws a person curve balls, and after Jacob's betrayal, Bella learned to be wary. "We take the weekend and learn about each other. I don't know why I feel so strongly for you like this, but I want to know everything that makes you Bella. Let's go out on dates and talk. See where this goes." There is a time in everyone's life that a risk should be taken. Bella knew that nothing in this world was certain, but if she didn't try, it would be a regret that would haunt her forever. "Let's try," she told him, trying to appear to be brave. "I guess we should get dressed." He gave a little growl. "Who said I was going to let you get dressed?" Bella's face lit up with mirth. This was what happiness felt like. It was definitely worth the risk. XXXXXX Edward chased the children down the beach. Squeals of laughter could be heard floating on the breeze. Jasper was ready to catch them on the other end. They were supposed to be playing football, but the ball had been long forgotten in the sand. It was more fun playing chase. "You two don't seem so different in age. I mean I know, but others wouldn't notice unless you told them," Alice pointed out. The women were lounging on beach chairs and drinking wine coolers. Their annual beach vacation now had a new member in Edward. "Hasn't been an issue. My dad calls him kiddo. I think it might be a term of affection, but Dad won't own up to it," Bella said as Edward waved to her. All the children tackled him to the ground. The whole group started laughing. "Ouch!" Alice giggled. Jasper and Edward had grown into close friends. It was nice for all of them after the loss of Jacob. "Is asshole being nicer?" "Jacob will never be nice to Edward. At least, he's being civil now. Claire being knocked up has helped." "He wants you back. Jacob has always wanted what he can't have," Alice pointed out with a frown. Bella shrugged. "He can want a lot of things, Al. It isn't going to happen. I'm happier with Edward." "I can hear wedding bells!" Alice held up her wine cooler in the air. "Edward, you need to make Bell an honest wo—" "Shut it, Alice!" Bella's hand went on her friend's mouth. Untangling himself from children, Edward ran up to the ladies. He got down on his knees in front of Bella. "I heard you need to settle down. Need a husband. Right, Alice?" He took her hand, and Bella put her nose against his. "If you ask me to marry you on the beach when I'm sweaty and gross, I won't say yes, and you'll be cut off." "Oh, I'll be asking you when you're sweaty. The difference is you'll be naked and under me," he stated and kissed her on the nose. "I was just confirming with Alice that you need me as a husband." Alice started fanning herself with her book. "It's getting hot out here. We need some ice cream." Edward stood and wiped sand off his knees. "Great idea, Alice! I already talked with Jasper, and you two are watching all the kids tonight. Bella and I will be getting a carton of ice cream and enjoying it on the beach." "Ice cream on the beach?" Bella asked. "Sounds fun!" He leaned down and said sweetly, "It's going to be even more fun when I eat it from between your legs." "You lucky bitch," Alice stated in awe as Edward jogged away. "Yes, I am." Without a doubt, Bella found love with a younger man. She knew if he decided to ask her tonight to marry him while she was sticky, sweaty, and covered in sand, her answer would be yes. Age was just a number. Love was made of so many more important things. Personality, friendship, and attraction to name a few. As Bella watched Edward round up the kids, she knew she had found all those things and more with him. If life was a series of sketches that created a picture. What she now had with Edward was her masterpiece. Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x