control became too powerful, Bella clamped her thighs against his wrist to slow his movements. She twisted her fingers in his hair and pulled his mouth back to hers. Whispering against his lips she told him exactly what to do next. She bit back another moan as he stroked his cock, smearing her juices up and down his length until it glistened in the dim light. He opened the condom wrapper and rolled it on, his eyes focused on his task but occasionally darting up to meet her lust-filled gaze. The look in his eyes went beyond hunger. It was deeper than desire. His emotions were laid bare and her heart contracted painfully in her chest. He had already said as much to her - there was no question of hedging his bets now. This was it. He was all in. Her conscience begged her to stop him. To make sure he was certain that she was what he wanted. She needed him so badly, but not if he would regret it later. He was too sweet, too thoughtful, too much of a gentleman. It would break her heart to see this beautiful young man disappointed or jaded in love the way she had been. He was kneeling between her legs with his hands on her hips, cock hard and erect and just inches from her entrance. "Wait, Edward. . . I. . . Are you sure about this? You don't think we're moving too fast, do you?" "And you're asking me this after you've sucked me off and we're naked in your bed? Seriously?" "Um, I just don't want you to regret this." "Ms. Swan, I feel like I've waited my whole life for this moment. Please don't make me wait any longer." "And you are sure I am what you want?" "Every inch of you." She swallowed her misgivings and nodded. He was offering her his heart along with his body. She wanted to accept it, to treasure it the way he obviously treasured her. In that moment, it didn't matter who or what their pasts held. It was the future that mattered now. "Okay," she breathed. "Okay," he said in agreement, his smile lighting up his face. And then he was slipping inside of her, advancing one heart-stopping inch at a time. She rocked her hips in time with his gentle thrusts until he was fully seated deep within her, pressing up against her womb. She pulled him down to hug him, cradling his head close to hers, melting a little more as his weight settled over her. Making love with Edward was a complex blend of sensations. She felt powerful possessing such a gorgeous creature, but fragile and womanly sheltered within the cage of his arms, trapped tight beneath his muscular body. His movements complemented her own as they rocked in a sinuous dance, pressing and pulling and sliding together and apart again. In perfect rhythm, he drove her faster. She guided his mouth back to her neck, moaning and keening when his teeth scraped across her tender flesh. He pulled himself up on one elbow, hooked his other hand behind her knee, and angled her hips up. Deeper and deeper he plunged, his breaths and deep grunts of exertion exciting her even further. Her clitoris throbbed with every thrust, the center of a vortex of pleasure so intense it threatened to swallow her whole. But Bella wasn't ready to let go. Not yet. She wanted to be lucid when he came. She wanted to watch his face crumble into ecstasy again. She wanted to feel the telltale twitch of his testicles releasing their precious seed deep inside of her. She tried to wait, but she hadn't factored in Edward's stubborn determination. He was just as set on bearing witness to her undoing. Bella knew she was lost the moment he changed position. He pulled up to kneeling, dragging her by the hips until she was suspended above the bed, her legs hooked around his waist and her arms gripping his shoulders. Forehead to forehead they clung to each other. Sweat was dripping into her eyes. Edward's breath mingled with hers as they gasped for air, hungry for oxygen and racing, sprinting, careening toward oblivion. His hazel eyes sparked when she shuddered around him, her orgasm bursting through her with the force of a tsunami. She cried out as her muscles convulsed around his thick, pounding cock. Edward swallowed her screams with a consuming kiss and pulled her hips flush against him. He froze, every muscle tense and quivering as he erupted inside of her. All at once, he collapsed, his heart and lungs taxed to their limit. They fell to the bed, still joined together, gasping for air. "How-" "I've never-" They both stopped, laughing as they stumbled over their words and each other. "Ladies first," Edward prodded. "I was going to ask, how did you do that? You make me feel half my age." "Well, you make me feel like a god." "You are a god." "Stop," he laughed against her shoulder. "I've never felt like that before. Like I could do anything, be anything. You make me feel like the most powerful man in the world. Thank you." "Thank you?" "Is there something else you'd rather me say?" he asked with a wink. "How about, stay with me." "Really?" His arms tightened, pulling her even closer. "Absolutely. I want to wake up beside you." "Then I'll stay. As long as you want me, I'll stay." "Oh, Edward. I'll never stop wanting you." Structure and planning be damned. It didn't cost a single penny to admit that having Edward in her life eclipsed everything else, and she would be collecting dividends on that decision forever. Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x