liked this girl more and more. "Wait, where is your car?" She asked looking up at him. He furrowed his eyebrows at her statement, and then remembered he told her he drove to this little town. "I didn't bring it, I wanted to walk." He said quickly. Add a car on to the list of things to buy. He was glad he got a job today, he was blowing threw the rest of his savings quickly. She seemed to accept that explanation and continued to walk to her car. They both got in and she drove to the miniature golf course he had been talking about. She had already taken the doors and roof off before she left her house. She loved the feel of the wind blowing through her hair, she was sure she would look like a mess when they reached their destination. Jacob relished the sight before him. Kali's hair blowing around her as the sun began to set behind them. Tonight couldn't get any better than it was right now. When they arrive Kali parked the car and hopped out. Her heel gave out and she braced herself for the fall but all she felt was two strong arms wrapped around her keeping her up. "Whoa, you okay there?" She opened her eyes to see Jacob standing there holding her. He was truly the most attractive person she had ever seen. With his bronze tan skin that appeared natural, black hair, sparkling brown eyes, and beautiful smile there was nothing to dislike. "Um, yeah," She tried to get out. She leaned down to her shoe that was now broken. "Damn, these were my favorites too." She exclaimed pulling off the black pumps. She threw them into the back seat of her Jeep. "Do you wanna go home?" He asked dishearten. "No, they have a gift store. Maybe they sell flip-flops or something." She said smiling up at him. He was amazing. Most girls would have freaked out and demand to go home. Not Kali though, she was definitely not most girls. "Okay, lets do this! Are you ready to get your butt kicked in putt-putt?" He asked scooping her up in his arms bridal style so she wouldn't have to walk on the gross ground barefoot. She laughed in surprise throwing her head back. "I can walk! It's fine!" She exclaimed as he opened the door and walked into the gift shop on the left. "Do you have any idea what's on the ground? There could be broken glass or something!" He replied in mock outrage. She rolled her eyes at him no longer attempting to argue. "Oh, look over there! Flip-flops!" She pointed to the back of the store where they sold cheap plastic flip-flops. "Yes, ma'am." He said walking to the back. "Which please your little heart?" He asked turning she could see them without straining her neck. "Those!" She pointed to a pair of purple flip-flops with cute little white flowers on the straps. "They match so perfectly. It's like fate!" She said dramatically. He chuckled and picked up a pair in the size she requested. and walked to the counter where there was a small bench. He placed her gently in a sitting position and put the shoes on the counter. Before she had time to pull out her wallet he had paid for them and was leaning down to put them on. "Jacob! You weren't supposed to pay for them! It was my fault I broke my shoe!" "Don't be silly, it's the manufacture's fault. And believe me, they will be getting a very strongly worded letter from me!" He said sliding the shoes on her dainty feet with purple painted toes. "Just a guess, but is purple your favorite color?" He asked looking up from kneeling on the ground. She smiled sheepishly. "How'd you know?" She asked jokingly. "Oh, just an hunch. Now, lets go kick some butt in putt-putt!" He exclaimed as he stood and extended his hand to her. She took it willingly and stood. They walked outside of the little arcade and Jacob paid for their game. They picked their clubs and different color balls. Kali's was purple of course and Jacob pick up the blue one. As they walked over to the first hole, Jacob did an exaggerated bow, "Ladies first." She smiled and placed her ball down. Taking her time to line up her shot. She swung the club lightly hitting the ball in a hole-in-one. She jumped up with excitement. She looked over at a stunned Jacob. "What was that about kicking my butt?" She asked with fake confusion. "Yeah, yeah, it's only the first hole." Eighteen holes later they added up their scores and much to Kali's satisfaction she had won by a landslide. He couldn't help the smile at her excitement. It had been a great game. They had talked about everything under the sun. She was perfect for him and she felt the same about him. Definitely not an ass-wipe, Shelly would be pleased. They walked back to her car hand in hand. When they finally had to let go Jacob pulled her toward him and without giving her time to react he leaned down to kiss her passionately. She felt her heart skip a beat, she had been hoping he would do this all night. She kissed him back matching his lips with her own. He wrapped his arms around her waist pulling her up to his height just slightly. She placed her arms around his neck letting him pick her up more. If she wasn't in a dress or public she would have wrapped her legs around his waist to stay on his level. Luckily she had better control than that. She had no idea how long they were wrapped up like that, it wasn't long enough though when he finally pulled around. He looked down at her with a wide smile. He could definitely get used to this.