the couch. She smiled and started to shift to sit up, but I pulled her bare feet into my lap. I massaged her feet gently and she closed her eyes and let out a small moan. "I keep telling you that you have nothing to worry about, Princess," I reminded her softly. "I know. But what about the allegations he tried to bring upon you." She opened her eyes and frowned. "Is that what you're worried about? We have done nothing wrong. I never treated you inappropriately while you were a minor." I leaned over and kissed her lips lightly. "Trust me, Princess, it's all going to work out," I whispered against her lips. "I do trust you," she murmured. Her hand caressed my cheek before she kissed me. "When this all over, I'm taking you on a vacation of your choice before school begins." I promised. "I'd like that. Somewhere with warm, sandy beaches." she bit her lip. She didn't have to ask twice as visions of her in a bikini danced in my head. Our lips moved together and she nibbled my lower lip before sliding her tongue into my mouth. My hand slid up her smooth leg to her heated center. I pulled back slightly. "Princess, where is your underwear?" Her grin was mischievous as her hooded eyes twinkled. Her foot moved and rubbed against my erection. I moved my fingers and brushed against her clit. She let out a gasp and closed her eyes, tilting her head back. I took advantaged and sucked lightly on her neck. "Do I need to take you shopping for new ones," I whispered huskily before placing a soft kiss under her ear. Her chest heaved. "We could do that. Maybe, I could try something else on for you. Do you prefer satin or lace, Professor?" she asked in a breathy voice. She tugged on my tie playfully, pulling me in for a searing kiss. I was always 'Professor' whenever she wanted to play. At her request, I wore my glasses more often. I was always eager to please her, like she wanted to do for me. I stood up quickly and pulled her to her feet. "Come with me." I led her to the window and turned her until she was facing out, and then tugged up the back of her skirt. "Edward," she gasped. "People will see." Her eyes looked unsure as she scanned out to the city below. "No, Love, we are too high up and the window is tinted. No one will see us." I dropped my pants and placed my hands on her hips. "Now pay attention, Miss Crowley … Spread your legs for me," I ordered. I used my knee to help her. "Take a look out the window at your kingdom, Princess." I kissed her neck. She nodded, and I pushed into her from behind. She moaned and one arm reached back behind my neck and her fingers grasped at my hair. The other hand clutched my tie and tugged it over her shoulder then pressed it against the glass with her hand. I kept one hand on her hip, guiding our rhythmic movement. My other hand unbuttoned her shirt as I slipped in and cupped her breast. I ran my fingers over the lacy fabric that coveredher taut, rosy nipple. "I definitely like the lace," I purred in her ear. Her breath hitched and her chest heaved against my hand. "I also like satin. Especially that number you were wearing when I came home the other night." I thought about the small nightie she had worn when she served me dinner; how she had sat on my lap and fed me. For dessert, I made love to her on the table, another lesson she had learned. "But, what I'd really like to see you in is leather. When I first saw you at the club, you were wearing a tight leather skirt. I wanted that lap dance that you denied me. I wanted you on your knees, with your mouth wrapped around me. Then I wanted to bend you over and take you from behind." I moaned as I increased mymovements. I locked eyes with her in the window's reflection as she came hard. "You were and are my wildest fantasy. I love you, my Princess." I came hard, gasping her name. I caught her when her knees became weak and held her to me. Her head fell to my chest, and slowly we caught our breath as I slipped out of her. I felt her lips graze my jaw. I sat her down on my chair and handed her a few tissues. I cleaned myself up, just as there was a knock on the door. "One minute," I called out. We both straightened our clothes and I handed Bella a water bottle since she still looked flushed and had a post coital glow. "Come in," I called. Rose entered, her eyes trained on the ceiling. "Is it safe?" she teased. She caught us the other day with Bella bent over my desk. To our defense, Rose didn't knock. It wasn't my fault that Bella was an irresistible sex kitten. I found my sex life with Heidi had been very bland in comparison. With Bella, I was exploring things I never thought possible. The hot tub especially. I still wondered how she managed to give me a blowjob while underwater. Not that I'm complaining. She made me feel young. "Yes." I rolled my eyes. "I wouldn't have said 'come in' otherwise." Rose smirked. "Who knows with you two," she snickered. "I just came to tell you that the jury is back." P That night we celebrated two things — Tyler's indictment and our engagement. Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x