her eyes. Letting the head of my cock rest heavily on her opening, I rub my hands along her inner thigh. "I want you so much, baby. If I hurt you, or you need me to slow down, just say so, okay?" "Not slow. I want you hard, fast and deep," she moans out. "Oh, baby, no worries, I got plenty of time to show you more than hard and fast, but it will always be deep with me," I say as I thrust forward and sink into her fully. I don't move, but I can feel the spasms of her pussy around my cock. I've never been so thankful of having a release in my pants as I am now. It will help me hold off, so I can make her come around my dick. I want to thrust, but I wait until I know her body is ready. When I feel her relax a little, I reach between us and rub her clit. She moans and wraps her legs around my torso. I know now I can let it go and I do. I push and pull myself from within her body, as she cries out for more. I lean up on my knees and spread her legs more, pushing her knees to her sides. I watch as I thrust and my cock disappears into her. This time when her muscles retract and start to pulsate I continue to thrust hard into her. She calls out my name and is chanting things that are not making sense. I grind against her while fully encased inside her as her orgasm takes over her senses. I have no idea how I've managed to last this long, because my groin aches for its release. "Give me it, Edward; I want you to give it to me." "Baby, seeing you come gives me more satisfaction than you even realize, there's no way I wouldn't share mine with you." I begin to thrust into her again and her hands move to my hair. Pulling me down she kisses me and within three strokes I'm seeing spots as my body convulses in pleasure. Unsure of how we got there, but I'm on my back and she is now lying on my chest. I play with her hair as her head rests on my chest. We lie here just touching and holding each other. "What happens now?" she asks me after a few minutes goes by. "Now, I take you on dates. After the third, we'll tell each other we're in love. You'll start to sleep over here with me on a regular basis. After six months, I'll ask you to marry me. You'll say it's too soon, but I'll be so romantic you can't say no . Then we'll get married and live happily ever after." "You have it all worked out, don't you?" Bella asks as she chuckles. "I do." "One problem," she states. "Oh, yeah, what's that?" I ask and she sits up a little looking down at me. "I'm already in love with you." I swallow – I knew that she had strong feelings for me, but I never knew she felt the way I did. "Good, because I'm in love with you, too," I say pulling her head down to kiss her. "Do you think your family will be okay with us?" Bella asks sounding worried. "Yes, my brother and dad love you." "I know, Dr. Mc-take-my-panties-off-me loves me, but what about Jasper and Emmett?" "Jasper and Emmett like you – trust me." I nod but stop and tilt my head. "What's the story with that nickname for my father?" "I swore I wouldn't tell." "Tell me," I say tickling her. "Shit, stop, I'm really ticklish." I shake my head at her. "Tell me?" "Okay, okay," Bella says and I stop, looking at her. "You can't say anything to him or anyone else for that matter." "Come on and tell me," I say impatiently. "Promise?" "I promise," I say as Bella narrows her eyes at me. "I was on my way home, and he was saying goodbye to me by the hospital door. Suddenly, this man ran in yelling that his wife was in the cab outside having their baby. Carlisle grabbed gloves and rushed out to the cab. Lifts the lady's dress and begins to take off her panties. Then he suddenly noticed that there are a couple of cabs and he was in the wrong one. The nurses were all laughing, and ever since then they've been calling him that." I just look at Bella in shock and then burst out laughing. I look at Bella pushing her hair out the way. "Have dinner with me? No – in fact have dinner, spend the night, and let me take you out for breakfast tomorrow." Bella nods and I move off the bed, and get her the shirt I threw on the floor earlier. I dispose of the now droopy condom, and pull on some boxers and a t-shirt and turn to look at Bella. She's still on my bed, looking sexy in my shirt. I move back to the bed kissing her, as my cock again springs to life. "Come on, or he's never letting you leave this room." "Maybe I don't want to leave. Maybe I've earned a detention, after all I was hot for teacher and I had my wicked way with him." "Well, your teacher sure is hot for the cute little library assistant, so maybe she can teach him something." "You can count on that," she flirts. "So you think you can teach this old dog a new trick?" "Maybe," she says dropping to her knees in front of me and pulling down my boxers. Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x