Bella wasn't into the idea of having servants, she knew where everything was kept. Bella figured he wouldn't miss the antiques she'd collected over time or the vases that she adored. As she walked away, she'd peeked over her shoulder one last time at the house that only held ghostly memories of the two people she once knew. She had to remind herself that the place wasn't solely filled with unpleasant experiences. It was where she'd met the man who saved her from falling into an eternal state of despair. She often wondered where he was. Maybe, he was in a relationship. A sad smile tugged at her lips as she felt a bittersweet emotion overwhelm her. She thought about Edward's words, remembering the clarity of his thoughts as if their love affair had only begun yesterday. " But you don't know if something's a mistake until you see the consequences later. By then, it might be too late. You could have stopped something terrific." She wondered if she was too late. After paying the driver and hopping out of the vehicle, Bella walked into the building of the independent auction house. Bella didn't always sell her paintings in this manner. Many artists preferred not to show numerous pieces of their work at one time; fearing the value would be lowered due to the abundance. Instead, she earned money through private commissions. Bella opened the glass door, walking into the exhibition but also getting a side-peek of the main hall where rows of seats were situated. On the stage, different paintings that were to be sold would be displayed next to the auctioneer. "Miss. Swan," a voice called. Bella turned around to see James Napre walking towards her. His white hair was gelled back as his blue eyes sparkled underneath the ceiling lights. "We've just finished the exhibition for the guests," he said excitedly. "It'll be starting soon." Bella smiled as he led her to the main hall, motioning for her to sit in the front row with several people she already knew. She talked to a few who corresponded with her from the gallery as they told her just how stunning her art was. Bella blushed as she accepted their compliments. She wished she could thank the inspiration himself. In a matter of minutes, the auction was underway, with many of the paintings being sold for a couple of thousands. She felt her nerves spike when her artwork was brought to the stand. It was a piece that had been extensively shown in the gallery and had garnered a lot of attention through the competition Bella had won. "Painted in oil on canvas, Bella Swan's painting depicts fragments of a human body in its surrealist context. Standing at thirty by forty inches, this phenomenal artwork will be sure to make bothart lovers and dealers happy. Half the sum will be donated to the International Child Art Foundation . Starting price at one thousand." Bella looked around the room where people held paddles, ready to bid. "The woman in front, fifteen hundred. On my left, two thousand. Two thousand, five hundred to the gentleman at the back. Three thousand, going at three thousand." The auctioneer pointed the tip of his hand at someone in the back. "Four thousand ... Five thousand. Six. Seven. We are looking at seven thousand for the lady on the right. Gentleman on my left, eight thousand." Quiet chattering echoed as people discussed among themselves. "Eight thousand, five hundred. Nine thousand, to the gentleman at the back. Going at nine thousand." Bella held her breath as the murmurs buzzed in her ears. "To the gentleman in the far corner. Going once. Twice." She arched her head to see who the potential buyer was. Through the sea of people who were sitting down and conversing with each other, she couldn't see that far back. "Sold to number eighty-nine, the gentleman at the back." Applause was given for the successful sale as Bella was kissed on the cheek by beaming women. After the auctioneer had thanked the participants for joining him today, there was a commotion of people starting to make their way to the exit, and others staying behind to discuss the events of the day. "Kate, isn't this simply superb? Miss. Swan's techniques are astonishing," James said as they walked onto the stage, towards the painting. "Did you see who bought it, Bella?" Kate asked her as they faced the surrealist work. "No, I didn't-" "Ah, eighty-nine! Hello, Mr. Cullen," James said, turning around to greet the purchaser. She felt time move a little slower. She felt the world tilt a little further. She felt a kaleidoscope of butterflies flutter into her stomach. "Hello Edward, I'm Kate Parker. Oh, and this is the artist herself, Bella Swan." She turned around slowly, until she saw the shade of green she knew she could never forget. Every time she saw the friendly, little Cuban Emerald, she thought of him. And every time she worked on that painting, she felt a little closer to a presence that was never there. The corners of his lips curled, into a shy, boyish smile. One that made her heart beat like a wild hummingbird, soaring through the grassy wilderness. From their two weeks together, to their two years apart, she knew Inspiration would always be with her. So she smiled, not listening to the gentle voices around her. "What do you think of the painting, Mr. Cullen? It's rather-" As he stared into her eyes with a tender look that reignited all the hope in her body, she felt a tremble in her bones. Not because she was afraid. But because she was brave . Edward Cullen responded with just one word, "Exquisite." Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x