his beautiful face and her heart ached at the sight. "You're sure Bella. Really, a 'forever' sure?" he asked. She lifted her hand to run it gently along his cheek. She put that worry there. She wanted to brush his face into the gentle boy who slept next to her in the morning light. She needed to make him see, to help him understand. She grabbed her phone out of her bag and flipped it to her photos, handing it to him. "This is who I am without you. This is the girl in the box," she said as he looked at a stranger with straight hair and conservative monochromatic clothes. Her make-up was a perfect mask that showcased the bored expression plastered on her face. Edward shook his head in denial. His beautiful bird … He could hardly reconcile the two. The colorless person in the photo was a mockery of his Little Bird, so vibrant and alive. This person was a modified version of what he had been running from for twenty years, plastic, vapid, social climbers. It broke his heart. "Edward, I have lived my whole life as this girl," she pointed to the phone in his hand and kissed him sweetly, "but with you, I can be me, the real me. I want a full, rich life with you . So, yes, I'm 'forever' sure. Please, let me love you back." He swallowed and nodded, giving her one last squeeze. He stepped back, clearing his throat and ran his hand down his tie, "It appears we are on the same page, Ms. Swan. I think we have a deal." "Deal," she stretched up to seal it with a kiss. He gave her the boyish grin she loved, then pulled away holding her hand. He took her luggage handle. "And delete that damn picture," he shot over his shoulder. She smiled and picked up her purse, allowing herself to be towed into her future. ~o0o~ Brady met them in front of the terminal. "It's good to see you again, Miss," he said, opening the car door for her. "Were you in cahoots with this abduction?" she scowled at him. "Ma'am?" He shot a quick look at his employer, "Sir?" "Bella, stop teasing him," Edward smiled, as he handed Brady her luggage. She giggled, "I'm sorry Brady. I come on my own free will, gladly even," she smiled. "Well, that's good to hear," Brady smiled back with relief. "Sir, the plane is on the tarmac and waiting," he said taking the luggage and redirecting his focus. "Then spirit us away, Brady. I'm ready to be in the air," Edward said squeezing her hand. As they drove around the airport to the private flights, Edward held her hand rubbing his thumb across her knuckles and lifting their joined hands to kiss hers. She leaned in close to him and rubbed her hand over his. She couldn't bring herself to look at him. These new emotions were too raw, ran too deep. She felt as though her heart would burst. "We're really doing this," she whispered looking at their joined hands. "I've waited my whole life for you, Bella Swan, and I feel like it won't be real until we're in the air and I get to keep you. "We're doing this," she smiled, meeting his eyes with confidence. "Damn straight, we are," he said with conviction. He leaned as far as his seatbelt would allow, meeting her in the middle for a sweet kiss of solidarity. ~o0o~ At the airplane, Brady made short work of loading luggage. As Edward began to escort her to the stairs, Bella's phone rang. She froze, bringing the phone to her ear. "You missed your flight, Isabella. Don't tell ... Seeing the fear on Bella's face, Edward held out his hand and winked. "Mrs. Swan, Bella has made arrangements for alternate transportation," Edward interrupted her mid-rant. "Who are you?" she barked. Edward locked eyes with Bella and gave her his heart-stopping grin. "I'm the guy she's hitching a ride with." Edward took a deep breath as Bella laughed, smacking his shoulder and taking back the phone. "I'm here, Mother." "Very irresponsible, Isabella, when are we to expect you home?" Bella locked eyes with Edward again and smiled broadly. "I am home, Mother." As she took Edward's hand, she ended the call. "We're doing this," he whispered conspiratorially, as they climbed the steps. Seated, she pushed up the arm between them and kissed her beautiful boy as the door was closed and locked. She felt overwhelmed again as a rush of feelings washed her away. She was so unused to allowing herself to feel or care; this new emotional freedom he inspired was like free falling. He loved her . She buried her face in his collar while he kissed her forehead. As they picked up speed, he brought their joined hands to his mouth, "I get to keep my Little Bird," he whispered mainly to himself. "And I get to keep my beautiful muse," she added with awe. As soon as the seatbelt sign was turned off, he unbuckled her and pulled her to him. "We're going to be so good together, Baby," he whispered against her lips. She pulled back and smiled as she ran her hand down his handsome face. "Damn straight, we are," she sighed. "And Brady gets a raise," she added. They looked over to where Brady was sleeping with a copy of Vogue Italia draped across his chest. "Brady gets a kidney if he wants," Edward said smiling at his friend and then back to his Bella, who he got to keep. Looking at his lovely Bella he knew, only a lifetime would be enough. They would negotiate from there. Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x