but as she got older, she sought him out herself, and invited him to Forks. And as Leah and Jacob drowned in each other, so did she with Nahuel. So when she was sitting across from Jacob in the meadow, holding his too-large hands in her own small ones, looking into his dark, adoring eyes, she knew that she would never be more sure of her decision. "It's my seventh birthday today." He rolled his eyes. "You think I don't know that?" She smiled and gripped his hands tighter. "Yeah… It's just… when I was younger, I promised myself I'd decide about the imprint by my seventh birthday and… well, here it is. And here I am. And here you are, still here after seven years." He smiled softly, not his usual Jacob smile – too big and bright and contagious. A younger Jacob would have said something, fulfilling his innate need to fill every silence with words; but seven years was a long time and Jacob, like Nessie, had grown. "I love Nahuel." "I know." "You love Leah." "I know that, too." "Well …" There was no appropriate way to say it. She was taking Jacob and setting him free. Setting herself free. "The imprint … I know what it is to us. It's not Sam and Emily or Rachel and Paul… its Quil and Claire… that's what I want. I want you to be mine forever, my brother, my friend. I want you to be there if I accomplish something with my forever life, I want to be there when you get married, I want to be there when you have babies… I – I… I have so much to thank you for, Jacob. You gave me a childhood when my parents couldn't and it has been the most amazing thing ever and I guess that means you're going to be the greatest dad ever, too … We're going to be best friends forever." She had said all this in a rush, looking down at their intertwined hands. Once she was finished, she looked up at Jacob, unsure how he would react to her wishes. He had remained quiet, still, his eyes searching her face to make sure that she was serious about what she was saying… then he took her into his arms and hugged her with all his might. " Thank you ," he whispered in her ear, holding her close. Shortly after, Reneesme and Nahuel had set off for South America, so that she could visit his home. Bella and Edward were the last of the Cullens to leave Forks, boarding up the big mansion in the woods for good, promising the Quileute tribe that they would never return, so as not to disrupt the lives of more young boys and girls. With Nessie gone, it was as if a chapter in Jacob's life had finished. Nessie's decision had sealed the deal with Leah and Jacob: she was his and he was hers, finally, completely, fully. They got married shortly after, in a traditional tribal wedding surrounded by their families and friends and their friends' babies. Jacob opened up a garage on the reservation that flourished into a lucrative business with which he helped fund Leah's education. They moved into a house by the beach, always exposed to the soothing sounds of the ocean, but always close enough to the woods for their comfort. She graduated as a midwife soon after, taking up a job in Forks. They protected the reservation for as long as they could, Leah and Jacob, Jacob and Leah. Together, they were unstoppable. "I want a baby." Even though it still shocked her, Leah supposed it was to be expected. Jacob loved kids almost as much as she did … but they both knew that having a baby would mean giving up the wolf. "We can't have a kid and keep running patrols at the same time… it just wouldn't be fair…" "I know…" As the longest to keep phasing, it would the most difficult for them to stop. But, doing it together, they figured they'd manage. They mulled over the decision for a few weeks: both were impatient, both wanted a child to call their own, to complete them. The Elders accepted their decision and wished them the best of luck and the whole pack was eager to welcome yet another child into the fold. The day eventually arrived: Leah waited for Jacob to close the garage and make his way back home, waiting patiently on the window seat, staring out at the sea. Her inner wolf was restless and she was jumpy, but they both knew it had to be done. As she saw him approaching the house across the beach, she left her seat and locked the house behind her as she went to meet him at the lip of the woods just behind their home. They were both silent, and Jacob wrapped an arm around Leah, softly kissing the top of her head as they walked into the woods. Quietly, they shed their clothes, wrapping up in each other's embrace for a few minutes before they stepped away and phased. They took off on a leisurely run, making their way along the borders of La Push, going through the patrol routes in their shared mind. Eventually, the run turned competitive, and they challenged each other for the sake of it, tongues lolling out of their mouths in a playful manner. Nudging and nuzzling each other, Leah savoured the image of Jacob's wolf in her mind for one final time, and Jacob did the same, taking in her small, graceful frame, and her beautiful eyes, before licking her muzzle and trotting off, beckoning her to follow him. As they made their way back home, they shared memories of beings wolves together for one final time. The final run , Leah thought, and Jacob agreed. I promised we'd stop together. And we are. Alpha and Beta together. Forever. Forever.