my surveillance backup. I go in myself." I wait until the pair enters the warehouse before opening my door and running across the street. As silently as I can I make my way over to the warehouse door and crack it open. I need to know what the fuck is going on here. " I knew it! I knew you would come." James cackles gleefully. " Ha, ha, you're so funny. Where's my brother?" " Ah, ah, ah, not so fast Princess, " James says with a sneer. "You'll get your brother, as soon as I get what I want." I can see the hatred on her face as she glares at him. "What do you want then?" " You" —h e looks her up and down — "you in my bed, in exchange for your brother's life. Oh, and your boyfriend's too, considering he's been staking out my place for weeks. I could have picked him off so easily." I can hear her gasp. There's no way she'll go through with it. She'll come to me first for help… won't she? But then why is she here? She shouldn't fucking be here. I slip through the door, hoping to sneak up on him on time, before he can touch her. I don't want him anywhere near her. I can see her swallow. "Fine, show me my brother first, though." I can feel my eyes bulging... Bella, what the fuck are you doing? Don't do this; please don't do this to me. James moves then, to a room off to the right; when he re-enters the room, Bella's brother, Seth, is being dragged, bound and gagged. As soon as he sees his sister he starts thrashing, and James kicks him. " STOP MOVING, YOU PRICK!" I pull my gun from its holster, setting up my shot. James throws Seth at Bella's feet. " There, your precious brother and not a scratch on him." He laughs. "Well, maybe just a few." She whimpers then, and goes to reach for Seth when James grabs her arm. "I don't think so, little girl; we had a deal and I plan to collect." What happens next happens so fast I can hardly make sense of it. Bella pushes James backward, he trips over Seth behind him, and Bella draws a gun, pointing it at him. It's right at this point that Riley bursts through the door. The sound of the door crashing open startles Bella, who jumps and swings toward the noise; gun pointed straight at the figure running through it. The gun's shot rings through the huge empty room like a cannon blast, the bullet hitting Riley square in the chest. James starts to get to his feet and reaches for Bella, my shot hits him clean in the head, splattering blood all over her face and neck. She turns wide eyes to me. "Edward? Oh, God, Edward… what did I do?" The gun she's holding falls to the ground with a clatter, and I wince and pray it won't fire again and hit her or Seth. I walk toward her slowly, putting my gun back in the holster and holding out my hands for her. "Baby? Come here, Princess, you're okay now, it's going to be okay." " I… Edward… I… I killed him. Oh, God, the blood, the blood, Edward, the blood." I catch her before she can hit the floor. I gently lower her to the ground and rush over to Seth. I undo his bonds and remove the gag. " Seth, I need you to listen to me carefully. You and Bella were never here. Take her to my place, and stay there until I get there." He nods at me furiously. "Edward I — " " Don't Seth, don't say a word." I glare at him. "Just take her to my place, wash off what blood you can and stay the fuck there. You were never here; you and Bella were at my place all night." He scoops Bella up and takes off for the front door. Once they're gone, I put on a pair of gloves and wipe the gun of prints and place it in James's hand, pulling the trigger to get gunpowder residue on his hand. Then I make sure to position his body and Riley's in the proper trajectory, and move the shell casings. I smash the camera on the ground and remove the memory card, placing it in my pocket. I check to make sure the scene's set, then pick up my radio. " Detective Cullen calling for back up. I have a man down and a suspect DOA. I repeat, I have a man down and a suspect DOA." Within minutes, the scene is swarming with cops. I'm interviewed and released from the scene. By the time I make it home, I'm exhausted. Seth tells me Bella hasn't woken up at all. I let him shower and give him some of my clothes before I send him home, telling him not to talk to anyone. Then I pick Bella up off the couch and take her to my bedroom. I draw us a bath, undress her, and burn her clothes and Seth's in the fireplace. When the flames are hot enough, I toss the camera's memory card in the fire too. She starts coming to when we're in the bath. " How — " " Shh, Princess, I've got you." " Edward," she breathes and lays her head back against my shoulder. We're silent for a few minutes before she turns in the tub slightly. "How was your night?" ... "I'll always protect you, Bella. Always," I whisper in her ear, and tighten my arms around her, knowing I'll never let her go. Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x