to kiss her. She moaned into my mouth. I broke the kiss leaving Bella leaning forward for more. She was ready for more, and I was ready to give it to her – but all these clothes were in the way. I sat back on my heels and stretched toward the ceiling, letting her take a good look at my body. Still leaning forward, she reached to touch the scar on my chest, but I caught her hands in mine. "My turn," I murmured, shifting her hands into one of mine and holding them well above her head as I reached around her to unzip her dress. I was well aware that my ever-stiffening cock was right below her jaw and I could feel her trying to take it in her mouth. Holding her hands at this height kept it from her, just out of her reach. I pulled the zipper down her back, stopping at her waist. I let go of her hands, which she ran down my chest, exploring my erect nipples and scar. "How did you get this?" Her question came soft and low. "Ask me later," I said. I let my mouth discover the skin at the juncture of her neck and shoulder, biting lightly and eliciting shivers across her skin. The tiny prickles of her skin seemed to vibrate beneath my lips, breaking the walls around my heart. Tugging the sleeves down, the dress fell to her waist, exposing two pert mounds topped with erect pink nipples. How could I resist? Planting a hard kiss on her lips, I pushed her back against the mattress then dragged my tongue down her chest. The aroma of her skin was so much stronger, pulling me, making my dick throb with want. Her breasts were perfect – there was no better description. The pink buds were hard and hot as I flicked my tongue against one then the other. Her hands weaved into my hair as I entertained myself with her body. I'd been with other women, but this was the first time in all my years that I found where I was supposed to be. I tugged her dress down, kissing her chest, her stomach, her hips as the dress came down. She lifted her ass and let me pull the dress away. "Why, Miss Swan, where is your underwear?" Her answering blush crept down her cheeks to her breasts in an innocent and delightful manner. I watched her flush recede and fade with fascination, then set to my prize. With my face in her crotch, I inhaled her vibrant scent and reached out with my tongue to her hard little nub. She gasped and my cock twitched, hungry for attention. My erection so soon after coming surprised me, but even more shocking was the greed I felt for her skin. I wanted her touch everywhere against me, merging with me. She serviced me beautifully, yet I needed more. I shifted my body to the floor, rubbing my greedy cock against the edge of the bed but never leaving her quim unattended. She moaned and jerked her hips. Her hands, still knotted in my hair, pressed my face into her box, demanding pressure and friction. I was happy to oblige, her sweet taste tightening my already stiff shaft. I swirled my tongue around her nub, alternating flicks and sucks and licks until I swirled it again. The core of her pleasure became rock hard and pulsating, and suddenly, her body became rigid. My sweet girl was coming. I mouthed her through her throes, warming her mound with my breath. As her body relaxed, I eased away from her crotch, pulling myself next to her on the bed and holding her in my arms. She wrapped herself around me, holding me tightly. I tried to position my rapacious rod away from her; this hug was for her. "Thank you," she breathed into my ear. "No one's ever done that for me before." "Never?" I was astonished and pulled back to see her eyes. "No, never," she said. "Young guys, they just don't care or pay attention. They want to come and go, and that's what they do. That's why I wanted an older man, someone who will give as good as he gets." She leaned in and kissed me. "Well, I'm no Sherlock Holmes, but that, Miss Swan," I said, nestling her in my arms. "Is a crime." " Bella! You won't believe what that bitch did tonight!" The man's shout from the other room shook the walls of the apartment. I rolled over her, protecting her with my body. "I swear, if I ever see Paul again, he's dead meat!" The bottles in the refrigerator door clanged together as he flung it open. "What've we got to eat?" "Oh my god, I'm so sorry," she whispered, climbing out from under me to get her robe. "Stay here, okay? I'll just be a minute." She glanced back at me. "Stay." "Bella? Are you in the shower?" The voice was approaching the door. I sat up. Bella dashed across the room and slammed her hands against the opening door. "Jake! What the hell?" "Oops, sorry. You taking a shower?" He smacked his lips on whatever he'd found to eat. "What if I am? Can't I have a little privacy? You do remember privacy, don't you?" "Jeez, bite my head off." "Look, Jake, I'm going to bed. Can we talk about this in the morning?" "Sure, sure," he said, smacking his lips again. "Hey, I ate the last of that fried chicken." His footsteps faded as he marched away. "See you tomorrow." She pushed the door closed and leaned against it breathing hard. "Next time, we're doing this at your place." Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x