closely at his appearance; he was not what I had firstly imagined. He was almost translucent; within the forest you could see silhouettes of the landscape through his broken chest. His hair was around knee length, midnight black and thinner than any anorexia sufferer. His speech was slurred but also demanded a certain level of respect, his eyes were like marble, dead to the earth around it, but they still withheld: hatred, longing, regret, jealousy and pain. I still to this day question how something so lifeless could express such deep human emotion. He soon left us to our peace, said he had places to be. I didn't believe the party he had an invite to was my loves murder scene. And I never would have guessed I was the one who had written the invitation. It was around two in the morning when the strange happenings begun. It started out innocent; it seemed our minds were playing tricks on our not so innocent eyes. We felt as if a lingering presence had attached itself to our sides, we nervously blamed the drink, but both of us could feel the heavy weight and soundless breathes of the limpet that clung to our teenage bodies. The next stage of the game was the hallucinations Bella went through. She kept screaming, demanding that she could see her parents. She turned the air blue with her language. She was rocking, curled in on herself; tears watered the wildlife beneath her. She recklessly threw herself into main roads; desperate to touch the long lost figures of the spirits she once called mummy and daddy. Cars skimmed her fragile frame as she allowed the madness to take over, she let herself thrive under the sadism of another, just as I had done all those years ago. Many cars containing fellow students drove past Bella but not one stopped, they barely missed crushing her into the nothing she wished to become. They just laughed, jeered, the fear they felt against me was suddenly forgotten when I needed them to feel it. Everything was tormenting her in that moment: him, them, her past. This poor girl just wanted die, but what she didn't understand was that I would do anything to save her from succumbing to the pain that continued to torture her. Now came the fire, images of bonfire after campfire after house fire arose, mocking me. The images of these beautiful blazes may have been pretend but the heat; the heat was far from it. The sick thing was, these were my fires, my past creations. It was my fault that this soldering heat was chasing Bella, threatening to melt her life away. As I said before, I in this situation was far from the innocent one. Bella by this point was barely there, I was her only grasp on reality. She clung to my filthy suit as we ran away from this demon. I fought off bomb after grenade, for over the years I had grown immune to the degrees. I desperately clawed at the limitations of religion, praying to whoever was out there to just save the precious being that lay within my arms. But not even the most holy of men seem to be able to sympathise with my soul. The final stage of the lead up soon came, and it was the most nerve racking one. For Bella and I had been separated, dragged to opposites ends of the forest, we were now alone. I didn't care about my loneliness for I've forever lived within it. But Bella, I worried for. It tore apart my very being just to think what he could have been doing to her. Or the fact death could of captured her and I wasn't there too wave good bye. No I was going to kill this man, or whatever he dared to call himself, because by this moment I had given up. And trust me a man with no limitations or worries or even emotions is a very dangerous being to deal with. He had the right to fear me; everyone in this moment should have feared me. The grand finale was theoretical. I had finally found this demon unprotected and prime ready for the kill. Sleeping. I had already gathered the gasoline from the school shed and of course I always had a lighter on me. I sadistically poured the chemical over his peaceful figure, and I was ecstatic doing so. Nervously I was second guessing myself, but before I found reason not to, I lit the end of the acidic trail I had formed. The fire slowly crept toward his body, reaching his pale feet. The heat had now arose him form slumber and ever so slowly he turned around, cradling something in his arms. My whole life crashed in that moment, I died right there. In his arms lay my angel. Blood stained, tear stained and slowly dying she whispered her thanks for death. I was murdering my most hated and most loved at the same time, and she was thanking me. I just dropped and hope the fire would soon capture me too. But no it never did, and I'd never despised the flames as much as I had when my loves features slowly melted away with in its orange deadly mass. That was fifteen years ago, and I still sit here to this day replaying my teenage years in my spare time. If I could do anything I would thank the demon for letting me have that perfect prom night with my love. Its probably one of the only memories I enjoy reminiscing. My life hasn't gone in any direction; I've just stayed still unable to move on from that November. I lay in Wiccan asylum for the mentally challenged with a label round my wrist saying: Caius Volturi , aged thirty one, pyromaniac. AN Thank you for reading hope you liked it, any reviews would be appreciated, Mad hatrett x