blood or my heart beat is...a turn on?" His lips tightened and his eyes moved to look at something over my head, he was clearly uncomfortable but he admitted it nonetheless. I tried very hard to keep my smile to a minimum but when he looked at me with accusation in his eyes a small giggle was let loose. I quickly stifled my amusement and went back to the issue at hand – poor Edward looked so uncomfortable, I had to take pity on him. "Well that's good – that the blood's not a big problem. But your strength is?" He was intently running his fingers up the length of my forearm as he began to explain. "I'm usually fine with strength, I learnt years ago how to maintain a human level, but when I become distracted that control slips." "And sex is kind of one giant distraction from what's going on in your head." I nodded, understanding what he meant. "Yes, plus the emotion of it and the physical pleasure..." He shook his head, "I'm going to crush you to death. I'll mean to run my hand down your side," His hands mimicked his words, "And I'll break your ribs." He nuzzled his face into my neck, "Or maybe as I'm kissing your neck, my teeth come to rest on your skin, you do something I like...and I bite you." His face was anguished and I didn't have a solution to this one, I didn't know how to make it easier. "And even if by some chance that doesn't kill you instantly and I manage to change you without drinking your blood – that whole experience isn't exactly going to make either of us keen to try again, even if you are changed." I lifted my hand up to cup his cheek and he closed his eyes, turning into it. "I can't lose you, Bella." He whispered and it finally struck me that Edward was afraid. This strong, beautiful, intelligent man was truly afraid and genuinely believed that he would hurt me. I wrapped my arms around him and started laying kisses on his shoulder. I didn't know what else to do. I honestly thought that we could sleep together without him hurting me but how could I convince him? "I love you." I murmured, running my hands along his back. He released a shaky breath, "I love you too." "What do we do?" I asked, "Do you want to wait until I'm changed? Or are you willing to try whilst I'm still human? Because I think we can do this if we take it slow enough." "How?" He asked mockingly, "I can barely kiss you without feeling like I'm losing control. How are we going to sleep together? How are we going to be able to take it slow? You don't exactly have the best track record for that, either, Bella." I bristled, "No but I tend to go for a mile every time you give me an inch because it happens so rarely," I frowned, "Look I'm not saying it'll be easy or perfect but we can do this. Let me be more involved – if I know that you're starting to struggle then I can stop too, or at least slow down or if I think you might particularly like something then I'll tell you to let go of me before I do it – I can help." I implored. "And telling me if I'm hurting you." He said seriously. I rolled my eyes, "Edward, if I'm in pain I'm going to tell you – there's no reason not to. But you need to trust that I can gauge how much pleasure or pain I'm in, okay." I cringed, "I don't want to push you into this. I really don't. But I do truly and whole heartedly believe that we can do this so that I come out unscathed and we both have goofy smiles on our faces." He nodded, his hands coming up to rub his face. There was so much indecision in his expression. The angst was practically palpable. Finally he sighed. "Okay, we'll try." I grinned, "Seriously?" He allowed himself a small smile, "Yes, but you better look that pleased when I propose or I'll develop a complex." I laughed and nodded, tightly wrapping my arms back around him before kissing him again. Smiling he pulled away. "I need to be more familiar with you though, so that the little things don't overwhelm me as much," He said, "So maybe, easing into longer kissing sessions and letting our hands wander a little more," He must have seen my eyes light up because his voice suddenly became stern, "But slowly." "I can do slowly." I said happily, "But we need to...set boundaries. Where are my hands allowed to go?" His pulled a face, "Can we leave the 'safe zones' where they are for now?" I was about to protest when he continued, "In exchange for the removal of my shirt?" I could handle that condition. "What else do you want as rules?" Trying to keep my utter excitement out of my voice was challenging, and I sensed I wasn't doing a very good job, but this was thrilling – Edward was going shirtless! His expression changed again to what I was quickly coming to recognise as his embarrassed face. "You, sometimes bite my neck, up around my ear…it might be best if you didn't do that." "Really?" Yet another bit of surprising news. He shrugged, "It just seems to be higher up on my neck. Lower is fine." "Anything else?" "Let's start with that." He said giving her a cheeky smile as he reached to take his shirt off. The following make out session was probably one of the highlights of my life. Sex with Edward was going to be so great. So I've got a couple of follow up chapters I can post if you guys are interested. Let me know! Vicki :)