neck. I ignore his teasing comment and kiss the area on his shoulder that's within reach. When I add my tongue, he hums. I suck on his skin, leaving a slight mark. He pushes at my pants, so I help him take them off. It's a struggle and a bit of wiggling, but we manage to get them free, exposing the blue lace that was meant to match the blue bra that I didn't end up wearing. Coarse denim rubs on my bare skin. The way my legs won't stop moving against him, it's like his pants are as smooth as silk sheets instead of the opposite. When I reach for the button on his jeans, he stops me. "I don't know how far you are wanting to go, but you should know that I don't have anything on me right now. I really didn't expect this." I wasn't thinking or planning. I was only feeling. "I don't have anything, either, but I think there's a box under the sink in the bathroom." "Okay." He looks at me with longing eyes. His arms are braced to push him off the bed, but his lips keep coming back to mine. "Hurry," I say, breaking the kiss. I pull my shirt back down before he opens the door. While he's gone, I close my eyes, hoping to stay in this moment. My brain has a knack for questioning my choices, but even as my thoughts start running away from me, I can't think of a reason not to keep going with this. I can't believe how this night has turned out, but it's definitely for the better. There's a commotion outside the door, and I hear Emmett's raised voice, but I can't make out what he's saying. The door whips open and Edward steps inside and closes it just as fast, turning the lock as he does. He chuckles at the footsteps behind the door and the irritated grunt as they retreat. "Apparently, there's only one of these left in this place." He holds up a blue Trojan. I automatically think of Alice, but I don't voice my theory. My phone beeps with an alert of a new text. I look around for my phone, but Edward finds it first. "Can you read me that?" I ask. He looks down at the phone. "Rose says you better explain everything to her tomorrow, but go ahead. She'll make Emmett run to the drug store. Do you want anything?" He stares at the question on the screen as if it's the strangest this he's ever seen. I chuckle at her nonchalant attitude. "Tell her no." He types out the text and places my phone on the desk. When he lies back beside me, he's stiff and less sure of himself. I pull him to me, hugging him close, enjoying the way our bodies fit together. "I want you," I say as I pop open the button on his jeans and pull down the zipper. He pushes his pants off, revealing blue checkered boxers underneath. He helps me sit up and pulls my shirt over my head. "You don't know how many times I've thought about doing this." I lie back down. "How many?" I ask as I pull my last piece of clothing down my legs. His eyes follow the slow descent of the material. "I don't even know." I bend at my waist while lying on my side. I pull back the elastic on his boxers and let go. It takes a few seconds, but he gets what I want and tugs them off. With the condom in place, he moves over me, and I guide him inside of me. We don't fall automatically into a synchronized rhythm. We overcorrect and laugh when we fumble for a few minutes before having to start over again. But when we start moving in sync, I'm in bliss with the pulsating pressure. His thrusts are strong as he fills me, pulling out and pushing inside of me again. He runs his teeth along my jaw before clamping them on my lower lip and sucking it into his mouth. My back arches at the sensation. It's a sear of pain, but it hurts in the best way. I dig my nails into his back, scraping across his ink; all the while he keeps control of our pace and doesn't keep his mouth off of me. The trail his mouth takes from my breasts to my neck and back again, leaves behind patches of prickling warmth. I have no doubt that he's leaving marks. He wraps his arms under my waist, holding my hips up off the bed at a different angle. I start whimpering his name out on every exhale. My thoughts are clear enough to make a conscious decision. I push myself up until his nipple is in my mouth and the metal hoop is on my tongue. I lose all coherency. All of the atoms that I'm made of scatter in the air. When they fall back together it's a lazy resurrection. I'm a new person—someone I don't know. All of my limbs are limp, and I'm grinning to myself, to the ceiling, to the haze that isn't leaving. His movements slow, and I focus on the way his mouth falls open when he comes. Edward lifts himself off me and kisses me softly. The bed moves as it loses his weight, and I miss it already. After turning off the light, he comes back to bed and spoons my body against his. "All this time I've spent chasing you, and all I had to do was take off my shirt." "Hey," I say, turning toward him to steal a kiss. "That's not true." "What is true?" He presses his lips against the back of my neck. My stomach gurgles, giving me my answer. "In the morning, you're taking me to the diner for pancakes." I feel his lips curl into a smile. "That's true."