to continue. Edward lifted the flap of the bag he wore over one shoulder and pulled Isabella's dress out. She'd given it to him the night before, her body a trembling mess. Though the garment was black, the blood stains were visible, and the places up top where it had been ripped were shown to the men. He placed it on the table for the Elders to clearly see. "Isabella Swan had this hidden in her room and allowed me to bring it here," he said, resignation behind his words. Without any provocation, Carlisle made his way to the back of the room and opened the door. He stepped back to allow someone in. The tall figure ducked under the door frame and then straightened when he entered the room. He made his way to the front of the room, an air of authority exuding from his presence. No one said a word as Jacob Black stopped before the Elders. If they thought that Emmett Cullen was a large man, then Jacob was a behemoth. Finally Eleazar finally spoke up, clearing his throat and leaning forward. "Please, state your name and tell us what you saw that day." "My name is Jacob Black. I do some work around the Swan home for Charles when he needs it." His voice rumbled throughout the room, clear and steady. "That day I was chopping firewood when I heard crying in the distance. I went to see what it was and found three people. Two men leaving the property and Miss Swan. She huddled against a boulder, trembling, her clothes disheveled." Marcus spoke next. "If you bore witness to this, why didn't you come forward?" "I had to take care of my father. He's been ill for quite some time and needed my constant care. The news of Miss Swan's punishment had not reached me until just recently." There were no signs of hesitation or uncertainty in his voice. "Who were the two men that you saw leaving the Swan land?" Garrett asked. Jacob took a second before he answered. "I'm not sure who the first one was, I could only see his back. But the other man was Felix Volturi." Voices erupted all over the room. Some were angry and some were curious. "I can't say exactly what happened that day," Jacob said over the others. "But I do know that Isabella was distraught and physically upset. She'd been through something." "Thank you, Jacob Black." Eleazar nodded his head. "We will take into consideration everything that was presented to us today and will reconvene this evening to give our verdict. Please make sure that Miss Isabella Swan is in attendance as well." Days, it felt as though days had passed before it was time to gather again. More people piled into the meeting hall that evening than earlier, but Edward hoped that was a good sign. He sat beside Isabella on the first row of benches as a sign of support. His family took the row behind them and hers sat on her left. Conversations rumbled throughout the room, keeping the silence at bay. When the Elders finally took their seats at the head of the room, a hush settled over the group. Marcus reluctantly leaned forward to give their verdict. "It was brought to our attention earlier today that our judgment and punishment in regards to Isabella Swan might have been unfounded. The evidence were presented with today has caused us to question just what happened. Therefore, in regards to Isabella Swan, we have decided to revoke our initial ruling." Eleazar took over for Marcus. "She is to no longer be shunned. As for Mr. Volturi, he is to be placed under house arrest until we can reach a decision as to his punishment. In the meantime," he said, turning his attention to Felix, "you are to have no contact with Miss Swan. If we find out that you have disregarded this, we will give this over to the English." No one seemed to know how to respond. The only thing that Edward could pay attention to was the feel of Isabella's hand in his. She'd grabbed a hold of it at their announcement and gave it a squeeze as she cried. The smile through her tears was enough of Edward. He knew. Ooo~Ooo~Ooo Edward stared off into the horizon, the sun casting a brilliant glow as it began to set. From his spot in the meadow, it was the perfect ending to a long day. Off in the distance, footsteps patted toward him. Edward turned to peer over his shoulder and grinned at the person heading toward him. Her hair loose and framing her face, just as it had the first time he'd seen her upon his return. Her eyes, that had once seemed so sad and broken, lit up when she caught sight of him. "There you are," she said, her voice a soft trill. He chuckled. "You know that you aren't supposed to be here, love. It's bad luck." She laughed, a beautiful sound he never tired of hearing. "That's the day of, dear Edward. And I believe that we can chance it." Edward tugged on her hand and pulled her to sit down beside him. "Oh really?" "Yes." She curled into his side, shyly, but with a sense of familiarity. "We've been through enough bad things. I think, from now on, we're only going to have good." He couldn't contain the joy that he felt. The complete and utter happiness that he'd finally found the piece that he'd been missing, the other half of his heart. His home. With his grin firmly in place, Edward leaned forward and pressed his lips against his fiancé's, soft and warm. He held her close and reveled in how right it felt to have her in his arms, how complete. "I think you're right, my love. I think you're right." Thank you to kyla713 for betaing as always. You are the best!