grounds of spousal abandonment. They asked for no settlement—just a straight divorce. Jenks did say that the names Swan and Whitlock were now protected domain, meaning we cannot use those names for our personal use ever. "But, but…how can that be? We never signed anything!" Edward cried. "Because they used spousal abandonment as the reason, they didn't need your signatures." "Bella was my muse. She was perfection to look at." "But we never abandoned them, Carlisle. They abandoned us!" Alice insisted. "It doesn't matter, the two of you are now divorced from them so you will have to search for new companions. In any case, we will be moving to Paris and you will be going to high school again. I have a new job there. The humans in Alaska are becoming a bit too suspicious of us not aging. In any case, the names Jasper Whitlock and Isabella Swan will forever not be spoken in this house." Six months later… "Mmmm…" Bella moaned as Jasper kissed her thoroughly on the lips. "I had no idea that kissing on the Eiffel Tower could be so scintillating. I swear there's something in the air in Paris that makes everyone want to make love all day." "We did do that, but now it's time to do some sightseeing. After that, we have to meet everyone at the club." Jasper twirled his mate around several times and she giggled. "Besides, you look sexy in that red dress and those heels." It was a different dress, a lot less slutty, but still red and sexy as hell. The heels were an identical pair to the ones she had sold to bail him out of jail three years ago in Las Vegas. It was the first thing that Jasper purchased for her. Bella wrapped her arms around his neck and he held her as they swayed together in the moonlight in total bliss. Of course, blissful moments sometimes must come to an end, and in this case, it ended when they heard a gasp. "You!" Edward Cullen pointed his finger at them. "Oh my God! Spousal infidelity! That's what this is!" Alice cried. "Wasn't the divorce finalized a few years ago?" Bella asked her mate. "It was," Jasper confirmed. "But the twits can't let bygones be bygones." "You made a mockery of our marriage!" Edward declared to Bella. "I'm glad we're divorced. You were always an undisciplined, awkward girl without any grace and now look at you. You look and act like a whore!" "What did you call my daughter?" Charlie Swan approached from the other side with Victoria. He picked Edward up by the neck and lifted him up in the air. He slammed him down onto the ground and forced him onto his knees. "Apologize to her now, scum!" "I will not degrade myself and…" Charlie ripped off one of Edward's fingers. "Apologize now or your piano playing days are over." He held the finger over the ledge of the Eiffel Tower. Horrified, Edward turned to Bella and said, "I'm sorry. I'm sorry for saying that you look like a whore." "And?" Charlie prompted. "I'm sorry for saying that you were undisciplined and awkward. You are perfection and I wish you were still my wife so I can gaze upon your image as I stroke the keys of my grand piano." Bella's face turned into an appalled grimace. "Okay, well, that's an image I didn't need. Thank you for the apology, Edward. I wish you and Alice luck in your lives and I hope to never encounter you again." "Here's your finger back." He placed the digit into the coppertop's jacket pocket. "No hard feelings. Don't approach my kids or my wife ever. Is that understood?" Charlie gave Edward a hard glare. "Yes, sir. You have my word." "Oh, and Alice?" Jasper called. She turned to her ex-husband with a fearful expression in her eyes. "Our futures are off limits to you. Do yourself a favor and get together with Edward. You've been in love with him since you first saw him and he's in love with you, too." Alice and Edward both gulped as they heard Jasper's very honest assessment of how they felt about each other. They nodded before running back down the stairs and into the Paris streets. "That was nice of you, Jasper," Victoria said. "Meh, I figured that if they were together, they wouldn't be able to inflict so much pain on the rest of us and make us all miserable. They're so arrogant that they deserve each other." "You have a good heart." "Yeah, he does," Bella agreed. "Well, kids, let's get going. We have a bit more sightseeing to do. This is our family vacation, after all." "Hey, Dad, we're going to Paris Disneyland tomorrow, right?" Jasper asked Charlie. He didn't feel funny about calling him 'dad' because he really was his father-in-law. Bella and he had tied the knot two and a half years ago, as soon as the divorce was finalized. They got married in the gardens of the plantation home he had grown up in, the one they would live in forevermore. "Of course, we are. I promised that I'd take all of you there and I keep my promises. But tonight, we're going dancing because Vicky and Charlotte want to go. We have to live it up. After all, we only have one life to live." Bella chuckled as she watched her father cuddle Victoria. Peter and Charlotte were waiting for them when they reached the ground floor, and together, they set off to explore Paris. Jasper and Bella let them walk slightly ahead of them. They smiled as they watched the motley crew trek through the streets of Paris. They really were a nutty bunch, but they were good people, and most importantly, they were family—and they loved each other unconditionally. And unconditional love was a treasure that they could never put a value on. And they lived happily ever after.