you whispering, they're freaking halfway across the cafeteria," Tyler said. "Shut up, Tyler," Jessica growled, but Beau wasn't paying attention as he was already twisting around to glance at the table Eric was not-so-subtly-gesturing to with his straw. Sitting in variously artful poses one would find in Vogue magazine, were some of the most freakishly beautiful people Beau had ever seen in his pitiful lifetime. He could feel the flush climbing up his cheekbones and shook his head. Was... was it normal for someone to be that dazzling? They were all pale, pale with perfectly arched eyebrows that looked plucked but weren't, gleaming hair that varied from pitch black to amazingly beach blond, their features chiseled like some sort of statue Michelangelo would've wept for. Forget Michelangelo, Beau dismissed as soon as he thought it as his eyes settled on the bronze-haired man-candy brooding in the corner. Freaking angels, man. Fucking Adonis . "What," echoed Beau, again. " What ," mimicked Jessica. "Is that all you can say?" "No," Beau frowned. "I'm just... kind of starstruck, actually, and I don't even... know who they are? Should I be swooning or something?" Angela giggled. Beau whistled lowly. "Can I say man-candy?" Everybody at the table froze. It was like in an X-Men movie, when Charles Xavier froze time and space and everything stopped moving in one moment. Maybe I am in an X-Men movie, Beau mused. And the Cullens in the corner are mutants with the power of super beauty. And I'm a mutant with the power of embarrassing myself. For some reason, the pixie beauty in the corner fell onto the floor, laughing. The bronze boy in the corner looked scandalized, while the tall boy with probably steroid-induced muscles preened and flexed his arms. The blondes stared at each other like some sort of weird ritual, stone faced. Beau dismissed it. For some reason, Jessica bull-dozed over his accidental outing of himself and said "YES BUT THAT'S NOT THE POINT." Angela blinked. Eric turned to Beau, eyes wide, and said "Wait, are you ga—" "They're all together ," Jessica said viciously, voice loud enough to run over Eric's vital question. "Um," said Beau, not sure whether or not he was supposed to respond to Eric. "I kinda guessed that, seeing as they're all sitting together...?" "Ohmygawd, you're so oblivious," Jessica exhaled in one breath. "They're all dating. Each other. Rosalie, the blond girl, is with Emmett, the muscly one, and Alice, the tiny girl, is with Jasper, the one who looks like he's in pain. Edward, the pretty one with the brown hair, well, he's not dating anyone. I guess no one here's good enough for him." Her voice was dark and she stabbed a carrot with her fork. "Someone sounds bitter," Tyler said slyly and got hit in the head with a garlic roll. At this point, Jessica decided it would be more strategic to turn the conversation back to the elephant in the room. "SO YOU'RE GAY THEN?" Beau blinked. "Are... we not talking about the Cullens anymore?" Somewhere, behind them, Emmett toppled over, mouth open and clapping like a seal. "What the fuck is wrong with the Cullens today?" Tyler asked slowly. Alice beat the ground with her fist. ... "So." "I am a homosexual, leavemealone ," said Beau desperately as he shuffled his way around the senior boy approaching him. The guy raised an eyebrow. He was the thirtieth person to come up to him that day, asking whether or not he was gay. "Bad day?" he asked. "No fucking idea," Beau said flatly and entered his science class. The fan blasted him in the face. What the hell. It was freaking winter. What sadomasochistic bastard put on a fan in Forks, during March? His hair flew up around him and he spat a strand out that was on his tongue. Gross. He looked around. Mike was in the second row, grinning, Angela was in the back, freaking Edward Cullen looked like he was about to puke... Someone get Cullen a bucket, he thought. The teacher directed him into the empty seat next to said Cullen and Beau shrugged, half-reluctantly. He wasn't quite in the mood for being puked on, but he still appreciated more time to ogle that jaw line. Heh heh. He was a bad person. He opened his book to the designated page, glanced at Cullen... and started, because the guy was glaring at him like he had just stabbed his mother and father and Jesus Christ. What. "What?" he mouthed. "Is there something on my face?" He swiped at his right cheek, wondering if he had any leftover pizza sauce crusting on his skin. Cullen shook his head. It didn't look like he was breathing. He had a hand clamped over both his nose and mouth and his chest was unnaturally still. "Dude," said Beau, really alarmed now. "Breathe." Edward shook his head violently, again. "Do I need to do the Heimlich?" he asked, turning his body towards him, nervously. "Should I get the nurse?" Then, he reached out a hand, not exactly sure what he was going to do with it, but he was not having his science partner die on his freaking first day. Edward either heard the call of the wild, or God telling him to run, because he rushed out of there like a bat out of hell just as the late bell began to ring. "And so Darwin-uh, Cullen?" said the teacher, but Edward didn't listen, nearly banging into the door on the way out. "Whoa," said Beau, blinking, before shaking his head sympathetically. "Must've been something he ate." ... "So," said Charlie, washing dishes at the kitchen sink. "How was school?" Beau proceeded to make a dark noise in his throat and stomp up the stairs, giving into his teenage urges for once. "I guess we're not having any guests," Charlie said to himself. He hummed to himself quietly as he scrubbed at a plate. ...