our eyes met. "Thank you." He fought back a smile as he responded, his eyes dancing and his lips trembling slightly with the effort. I felt myself growing angry at him and tried to pull away from his embrace. That only made him tighten his arms a bit more and bring closer to his body. "Why are you leaving? Is something the matter?" he asked. When I didn't answer, Edward growled under his breath. "Bella, you have no idea how frustrating it is when you do that." "Me?" I finally managed to get out. "You think I'm frustrating? Edward, I never know what to expect with you. One minute, you're moody and grouchy, the next you're tender and sweet. It's like I'm walking on pins and needles all the time just to keep up with you." I was surprised that I was able to get that out with him so close. He tossed his head back in laughter, his entire body shaking. I wasn't entirely sure how to respond, so I just waited until he was finished, glaring at him the entire time. Before I knew what was happening, Edward took one of my hands in his led me further into the room. He waited until we were in spot out of the other guests hearing range to face me again. The smile on his face was as bright as earlier. He moved until I was pressed back against the wall and there was no space between us. I didn't understand what was going on. Edward placed his hands on my sides as he looked down at me. In that moment, the auction was forgotten. "Bella," he said, his voice gruffer than I'd ever heard it. "I have been feeling the exact same thing around you. I never know what's going on in that beautiful head of yours." He sighed. "You keep everything so bottled up. At work I know exactly what to expect and how to proceed, but with you, I'm at a complete loss." I bit my lip, trying desperately to understand what he was trying to say. "A part of me knows that you are on the mend, that you need to heal and try to put your life together with this new reality." He leaned forward and pressed his lips to my forehead in a gentle kiss. "But there's another part of me, a selfish part, that wants to somehow have more. Even if it's just for a little while," he said. "Edward, I… I'm not sure I understand." I'd heard his words, but I didn't want to dare hope that he was saying what I thought he was. The pressure of his hands on my sides was firm and warm. He stared down at me for a long moment before answering, carefully deciding how to respond. "Bella, the last time I was in a relationship… it ended very badly. And I don't ever want to go through that again." He stopped for a moment, running his tongue across his lip before continuing. "There's just something about you, though, that I can't seem to stay away from anymore. I don't know what to do." Without realizing it, I had brought my hands up to rest on Edward's chest and was playing with the buttons of his shirt. How was I supposed to respond to that? He felt drawn to me, but didn't want a relationship with me? Did I even want another relationship after the way things ended with Jacob? My entire body shivered with him so close. "Bella," he groaned, laying his forehead against mine. "Tell me what to do. I don't want to hurt you or promise something that I can't give. But…" I could feel tears building up in my eyes. "Edward, I don't know what to do, either. Jacob nearly broke me when he left. And I can't just jump in with my eyes closed. There's so much more at stake for me this time." Edward nodded against me, but didn't release his hold. Neither of us spoke for quite some time, reveling in something we could never really be. Just being near him felt right and safe, but I couldn't ask him to give me something that I wasn't even sure I was ready for and that he couldn't give. If we had met at a different time, things might have been different. We could have had something, but we couldn't focus on what might have been. Taking in a deep breath, I moved to pull out of his embrace when Edward's arms tightened around me again. His green eyes poured into mine, so deep and heartbreaking. "Perhaps there is something we can do," he said, rough and deep. "How?" I didn't want to get my hopes up. I couldn't take it. Edward brought one hand up to cup my cheek, rubbing his thumb lightly over my skin. The twinge I'd felt earlier at the thought of him being just my friend was nothing compared to how I felt after his confession. Being so close, and yet so far away, was ripping me apart. "An arrangement," he whispered. "What?" I wasn't sure I heard him right. "Maybe we can come to some sort of arrangement, to benefit us both." First off, I want to give a huge thank you to my beta and partner in crime kyla713, she edited this for me quickly and gave me the assurance that I needed to send this off for the Texas Wildfire Compilation. Next, I want to thank all of you for reading this and I hope that you enjoyed it. This was a new idea for me and I had a lot of fun writing it. Before anyone asks in reviews, yes there is more and I am working on it. I won't be leaving this here, that's just mean and I wouldn't do that to you guys. Anyways, thank you again for reading this and please let me know what you think!