any noise. He lifted himself onto his right elbow on his side and pulled back the covers on the side of him. He then held out his left hand to her. She looked at him doubtfully. He gave her a warm, encouraging smile. "Come on." She arched her brows questioningly. Fuck. She didn't think he meant it that way, did she? No. She was just being reasonable, more than he was being. She was restoring the boundaries when he wasn't. He should have been. He was the adult here, wasn't he? She just looked so scared, so shaken up and he really didn't...want to stop holding her...just yet. "Are you sure? I mean, I don't want to bother you." She bit her lip and fiddled with her fingers, looking away. He chuckled and her eyes snapped to his. "Bother me? Christ, Bella. You're in my house, in my room, in my clothes. If you were 'bothering me', do you think you would be?" She gave him a small meek smile and it made his heart swell. "No." He smiled wider. "Alright then. Now come here." She cautiously made her way over to the side of the bed and slipped in where he had pulled the covers back before covering herself with them. He laid his head down and watched her as she moved. God, she was so fucking perfect. How could she ever think she was bothering him? Well, technically, she was. But it wasn't her fault. It was just his own twisted mind with his sick need to hold her. She laid down and faced him on her side, staring at him intently. He arched his brows. "Comfortable?" She nodded and bit her lip again. He chuckled once more. "Good." She smiled at him and his heart stop beating altogether. "Thank you." He smiled warmly in return. "Anytime." They stayed like that, smiling at one another, oblivious to the storm raging outside. And then he saw her smile drop and she was studying him. His own smile faded. What was she doing? And then that's when he saw it. He knew what she was about to do. But as soon as the thought hit him, she moved before he even had time to react. She was on him, pushing her lips to his. His breath hitched at the contact. He knew her lips would be so damn soft, so perfect, and then he remembered who and what he was to her, who and what she was to him. He broke the kiss quickly and moved back, pushing her away. "Bella, don't." But she surged forward, anyway, and kissed him once more. He tried to pull away but she wouldn't let him. He tried to resist moving his lips with hers but he failed. She was just so damn perfect, this girl who had been on his mind since he had first seen her, this girl who he couldn't get off of it no matter how much he loved his girlfriend, no matter how much he knew it was wrong, no matter how hard he tried. He felt her tongue glide along his lower lip and he jerked away, breathless. "B-Bella, this has to stop. Please. I'm your teacher. You're my student." She pushed ahead regardless. "I don't care." She grabbed his face and pulled him to her but he resisted her, keeping his head back. "I care. Bella, stop. We can't do this. You're-" He fought to free his face from her hands, gripping her wrists and forcing her hands away. "You're seventeen. You're-" "I'm eighteen." He stopped struggling with her for a minute. "Wait, what?" Her half-lidded eyes drank in his confused expression and she took full advantage. She leaned in and kissed his neck. "I'm eighteen. My birthday was last month." His eyes closed as he felt her kiss his skin softly. "You could just be saying that." "I could be." She suckled on his neck harder before answering him. "But you know I'm not." And then she nibbled on his ear lobe, making his hands on her wrists tighten. "You're still my student." He couldn't help but whisper. She was breaking down his resolve and if she didn't know it before, she did now. She trailed her lips to his ear. "And you're still my teacher. But tonight, we're just two people who are coming together." His eyes flipped open in shock. Had she really just insinuated what he thought she did? Where was the shy, nervous, timid Bella he had just seen minutes ago? He didn't know what else to do. He was losing the battle. To her. "I...I have a girlfriend." Bella stopped suckling on the skin underneath his ear and drew back to look at him. She stared at him for a minute, her expression an unreadable one. And then a small smile played on her face. "I see." She climbed forward and sat down in his lap, bringing her knees up on either side of him. He swallowed nervously when he felt her sitting on top of the massive bulge forming in his sweats. She brought her lips to hover an inch above his while she gazed into his eyes. "And does that matter right now?" He swallowed again. Leah should matter. He did love her. He was going to marry her someday. Maybe not when she wanted, but still, she was the woman he had fallen for, the woman he knew would be the mother of his children. He loved her. Bella's chocolate brown bore into him as he shook his head slightly. She smiled in satisfaction and then kissed him. This time he let her. He brought his hands to rest on her sides, grazing the tops of her hips dangerously. She broke away to move back to his neck. He closed his eyes. "This is so wrong." She exhaled a warm breath into his ear making him shiver. "But it feels so right." And those words were his undoing.