underneath. He hated mushrooms. Jared, who knew that, was laughing so hard that tears were falling down his cheeks. Once again, only Sam noticed the worried look Macy sent Paul's way when he began to cough or the curious look when he picked out the mushrooms. "What?" Jared laughed; completely unfazed by the glare Paul was sending his way. "It's not my fault you didn't read the menu." Paul just grumbled something unintelligible under his breath and returned to eating his now mushroom-free burger. After removing the mushrooms from his food, Paul made quick work of his burger. He tried to eat slowly, so he could be around her for just a little while longer, but he was hungry, very hungry , and could only eat so slow. All too soon, everyone had finished eating, and although Paul was happy when Macy came to their table again, he didn't like that she was there to take away their plates and give them the check. "Don't worry," Emily placed a hand on Paul's shoulder as they walked through the parking lot towards Sam's car. "You'll see her again soon." "Maybe sooner than you think," Jared gestured towards the side of the diner. Macy had just ended her shift and was also walking towards her car at the back of the parking lot. She had a backpack slung over one shoulder and pulled towards the front of her body where she was digging in one of the pockets, looking for her keys. Macy realized a little too late that looking down and not paying attention in the middle of the parking lot wasn't her best idea. Fortunately, or perhaps unfortunately, it wasn't a car that ran into her during her moment of distraction. Paul let out a growl when he saw the boy that had tried to trip his imprint earlier leave his group of friends and run up to Macy. "Connor," Macy greeted, trying to keep the look of annoyance off of her face when she almost ran into the boy in front of her. It had been a long day and she did not have the patience to deal with his advances right now. Connor smiled and leaned casually on the car beside him. He had stopped in front of Macy while she had been walking in-between two cars, effectively trapping her and giving her no other option than to talk to him. "So, have you been thinking any more about my question?" May sighed and fought the urge to roll her eyes, something she had been doing a lot recently. "I told you no, not – " "Yeah," Connor interrupted, "but by 'no' I just assumed you meant 'I'm busy Friday night, but I'll think about it'." "And you thought tripping me was the way to convince me?," Macy smirked and pushed past him, continuing towards her car. Connor continued on as if he hadn't heard her. "C'mon its Friday night and," he held his arms out and gestured to her standing alone at her car, "you don't look very busy." Just as she opened her mouth to retort, another voice called out her name. When she turned, Macy saw two of the Quileutes from the restaurant jogging up to her car. She just stared, confused, as one leaned on the hood of her jeep and the other stood there with his arms crossed in front of his chest, making his biceps appear even larger. "Were still on for tonight, right?" One of the guys asked. Macy's eyes widened as she realized what they were doing. "Yeah, yes. Definitely." The two Quileutes and Macy awkwardly glanced at Connor then, hoping he caught the hint. The second Quileute, the cuter one, in Macy's opinion, spoke then. "So, uh, who's the dude?" He asked Macy. She crossed her arms then, mimicking his position. "No one," she shrugged. "He was just leaving." Finally he seemed to catch the hint. "Well," Connor forced a smile as he backed away, "Next time then." "No, not next…" Macy trailed off as she realized he had turned away and was no longer listening to her. "Whatever," She sighed, unlocking her car, when she realized the two Quileutes where still standing at the front of her car. "Uh, thanks…." She trailed off, realizing she didn't even know their names. "Jared," The one leaning against her car smiled at her. "Paul," The second uncrossed his arms. "Thanks, Jared and Paul," She smiled at them. Paul was still looking at her and she shuffled her feet, feeling uncomfortable under his gaze and resisting the urge to stare back at him. "Yeah," Jared stood suddenly, sensing the awkwardness in the air, "no problem." He put and hand on Paul's shoulder and forcefully guided him away from Macy's jeep. Letting out a breath she didn't even know she had been holding, Macy threw her backpack into the jeep before climbing in herself. Paul dragged his feet as he walked away from his imprint for the second time that night and resisted the urge to turn around. He wasn't used to the pull that the wolves felt when they were away from their imprints, though he had heard it was always worse in the beginning. He turned slightly, Jared's hand on his shoulder keeping him moving forward, as he heard a car start up behind him. Macy's jeep was pulling out of the parking lot. He didn't know anything about her other than her name was Macy, she worked at a diner in Forks, and she drove a blue jeep; and yet he yearned to be near her. It was driving him mad. "Paul," Sam caught his attention as they neared his car. A rare smile crossed Sam's face as he inclined his head towards the nearby forest. Returning his grin, Paul took a quick look around for wandering eyes before he disappeared behind the trees and shed his clothes as he took off running in the direction Macy has just taken.