she has in this world." "That's not true," he counters me. "She has you now. I know you love her. You would've taken care of her." In my anger, I let out a small shriek of frustration. "And me? What about me, Edward? You're my family too. Did you even stop to think what would I've done if something happened to you?" "I've already drawn up a will …" "Oh my God!" My outburst shocks him into silence. "For someone who pretends to be so mature because of his age, you're really acting like a child right now! Don't you get it? I don't care about your money! I care about you. I love you , okay?" "What?" He blinks up at me, looking very confused. I brush away the tears running freely down my cheeks and tell him the words I've been holding in my heart for some time now. "I love you, you sweet, amazing, immature and foolish man. I love you with all my heart and I don't think I can live without you." He carefully sits up on the bed, and suddenly I realize that we're alone in the room. I figure out that everyone either left when I had my sudden outburst or just didn't want to intrude in this private conversation, or more possibly for both reasons. "Bella, love, look at me." He places a hand on my cheek and pulls me to him. "Do you know why I call you 'love'?" His question puzzles me, and I shake my head slowly. "Because I love you, Isabella Masen." "But you've called me that for a while now." "Yes, I think I've been in love with you for a while now, my Bella." His words warm my heart and I throw myself into his arms. Holding him to me, I press a kiss on his lips. "Say it again." He laughs at my request, but complies nonetheless. "I love you, my beautiful wife. You are the best thing that could've possibly happened to me, and I bless the day when I made that promise to your father to take care of you." I smile at him and kiss him once more because he is mine and he loves me. "I think I need to take care of you for a change then. Lie down and close your eyes. I'll be right here when you wake up." He does as asked only to open his eyes once more after a few seconds. With his eyes looking up at me, he smiles. "You really do love me." It's a statement, not a question. However I do answer him with a smile of my own. "How could I not when you make falling in love with you so effortless?" ~*~*~*One Year And Three Months Later*~*~*~ I gasp, bunching up the bed covers in both of my hands. It's agony … it's the sweetest kind of torture … it's … "Edward, please!" I cry out in frustration. "I'm not done with you yet." His voice comes out muffled from somewhere close to my navel. "I don't think I'll ever have enough of you." His words coupled with his touch, set my body on fire, and with a strength that surprises even me, I pull him up to my face. "You're always so stubborn!" He chuckles against my mouth, letting his hand move up my ribcage to caress my breast. "Your body is changing, love. Don't blame me for wanting to worship it." As his hand starts to stroke in just the right rhythm, I let out a whimper before grasping his hair in my hand. "I ran into Victoria Johnson and Lauren Mallory when I went to town with Alice today." He stops his ministrations and looks up in my eyes, a worried scowl already on his face. "What did they say to you? I swear, Bella …" "Shh," I shush him, putting a finger on his lips to silence him, and then kiss his cheek. "They were very sympathetic to me actually." "Sympathetic?" he asks, looking surprised. I nod. "Uh-huh. They said that they felt sorry that I had to marry you—someone a little old for me. They also seemed to think that you would've been better off marrying someone older than me; more mature, you know?" His scowl deepens at my revelation. "What did you say?" I try to conceal the smile attempting to break through my mask of seriousness, and reply nonchalantly, "I told them that I am very happy with my married life and that they would do well to ponder on their own lives instead of their landlord's." "And?" he presses, probably wanting to know their response. I smile at him and say, "I also told them that I feel blessed to call you my husband and that the fact that I get to spend forever with you is everything I need to be happy." A beautiful smile takes over his face as he leans down to kiss me, making our bodies align perfectly. "You make me deliriously happy too, love," he whispers against my lips. "I love you, Isabella Masen." As we start to move our bodies in the perfect rhythm for us, he whispers his love for me over and over again. When we collapse in each other's arms, he moves to plant a kiss on my ever-growing belly and whispers, "Papa loves you, sweet child. I cannot wait for you to get here. You, mama, Auntie Alice and I will make a perfect family." His words bring a smile on my face, and I lie there feeling utterly content to be in his arms. Yes, I, Isabella Masen, love my husband very much, and finally, life is just how it should be. Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x