greater. Bella is my claimed and marked mate. She was chosen for me by the great spirits, so there is no divorce and will never be one. You are my imprint, yes, but as my imprint I only have feelings of friendship towards you. Eventually, it may turn into feelings like between siblings, but you will never be my mate. The only mate I will ever have or desire is Bella!" "Thank you, baby!" Bella says. I turn to look at Bella, and she gives me a kiss. I get caught up in that luscious kiss, but it is interrupted when I hear Vanessa shrieking, "No! No! No! I don't accept this! You are meant to be mine! I don't want the imprint, if I can't have you as my lover!" "Do you reject the imprint, Vanessa?" I ask. "YES! I reject it if I cannot have you as my lover. I don't want it!" she yells. With that I feel the imprint bond break, and my bond with Bella expand to replace the void. Then, Vanessa falls to the ground, screaming for the breaking of the bond has hurt her. Sadly, no one goes to comfort Vanessa, for as I said, no one likes her. Finally my Dad and old Quil have mercy on her, and help her up. She asks, "What happened?" Dad explains since she rejected the imprint, it broke, and she and I are no longer bound in any way. Although my heart feels for her, I cannot deny I am fucking ecstatic that we are no longer connected. I am all Bella's, and she is all mine! It's been two months since the night Bella and I mated, and things have been great. I always knew we were meant to be together and to think things could have turned out differently had I not gone to her house that night. I shudder to think that I could be with Vanessa right now...ugh! I am glad I'm not. Vanessa hung around for a few weeks, trying to seduce me, which always turned out with her embarrassing herself. Finally, she stopped, thank god! It was becoming annoying as hell. However, there have been surprises for us, as well. For instance, my Bella has become so much more aggressive and possessive. She has really taken on some of my wolf tendencies. As an example, if I come home and she smells another female's scent on me, she practically tries to fuck me into extinction. Now, I'm not complaining by any means! Also, she is much more forward and blunt, and she does not blush at all. I mean, if another female gets too aggressive in her flirting with me, it is my Bella that puts her in her place before I can even say a word. Of course, that doesn't happen much anymore, for we are usually all over each other. That is, unless it is official business where professionalism is needed. Bella and I no longer sit in separate chairs. She is always, and I mean, always on my lap! So, of course, I have a constant hard-on whenever we're together. No complaints though, for my woman takes care of it right away, when I do. The guys have caught us so many times in the last two months in our romps in the forest. The claiming and possessiveness works both ways. My Bella has filled out rather nicely, and it draws a hell of a lot of attention, which I love and hate. The guys have commented on how much sweeter Bella's scent has become, and I find them always inching up closer to her. I end up growling a warning each time we are around the pack, especially the unmated wolves. I believe, no, I know my wife is pregnant. My scent on her has increased and I know it is because of my seed and the new life that is growing within her. I am so fucking happy! We are at the doctor's office to confirm it. "Isabella Black," the nurse calls. We both get up and walk on back. She takes Bella's weight and all other vitals, and has her pee in a cup. Then, we wait for the doctor to show up. "Mr. and Mrs. Black, I am Dr. Sloan. It's so nice to meet you. I see congratulations are in order. You are indeed pregnant Mrs. Black." My smile is so big my fucking cheeks are hurting! "Thank you, doctor," answers my wife, "and please call me, Bella. This is my husband, Jake." "Yes, of course Bella. Well, let's take a look and see what's going on shall we? Please lie back." Bella lies down and he squirts some gel on her abdomen. All I see on the screen he is looking at are grainy, gray and white images. But then, I see it! Then, the room fills with the sound of my kid's heartbeat! Bella and I both look at each other with tears in our eyes. "Well, this is a surprise!" says Dr. Sloan. "What?" Bella and I ask at the same time. "Well guys, you are having twins! See, here is baby A and here is baby B." Twins! I turn her face towards me and kiss her hard! My Bella is giving me twins. Dr. Sloan prints out pictures for us and leaves the room telling us he will see us in four weeks. I help Bella get dressed, and we stop at the front desk to make her appointment. I am on cloud nine! This is just another sign that Bella was meant to be mine. We go straight to Dad's house as we know both of our fathers are there. "So, what did the doctor say?" Both dads ask even before we fully get through the door. And, we both shout, "We're having twins!" Congratulations are given, and our dads say now they won't have to fight over one grandchild because they are getting two!