Hollywood. A few days ago, Edward was found in his new apartment in Seattle unconscious. Jasper received a strange call from him and headed over to investigate. Edward was rushed to the hospital, where his stomach had been pumped — it had been full of pills and alcohol. My eyes landed on him as he began to move. His eyes blinked open and after a moment settled on me. "Bella?" he croaked. He blinked again trying to focus. "I've spent so much time sitting in these bedside chairs praying for the person in the bed, but sometimes I wonder if my prayers have fallen on deaf ears," I lamented. "Bel…" I cut him off. "No. I don't want to hear your excuses. You will listen to me, Edward Anthony Cullen," I snapped. "What the fuck were you thinking, trying to end your life? If Jasper didn't get to you in time, I would be screaming at your headstone right now, instead of a hospital bed." I stood up and started pacing. "You're wasting your life away, and I'm not going to stand by and let you. You need to get some help. I'm hurting too, you know. He was my baby and I love him so much that it hurts to even breathe, and I don't know if I will ever be normal again. Everything is a reminder of him. There are days I don't feel like getting out of bed, but I do because I know I can't live my life that way. I owe it to Peter to live my life as best as I can because I can . I wasn't born with a heart that killed me before I made it to five. And you owe him the same thing." I demanded. Edward flinched and shook his head in resignation. "I can't," he whispered hoarsely. "You can ." I stopped by his side. I held his right hand in both of mine. "Do it for Peter, Edward. He wouldn't want you to live this way or for you to kill yourself. If you want to make things up to your son, then get better. Do something with your life to make him proud." He looked up at me and swallowed audibly. I could see in is green eyes that he was still lost and unsure. "Please, Edward. Do this for Peter. Do this for yourself. I'll be there for you if you want me. You won't have to go through this alone." I begged. "Don't leave me, too." TN Five years later: I knelt in the soft grass in front of the tombstone and carefully brushed the dirt away that had gathered over the course of the winter months. My fingers traced over the letters and the two stars engraved into the stone. Peter Anthony Swan April 1, 2007 – February 28, 2012 Off To Neverland "Look who woke up and wants to meet her brother." Edward knelt next to me on the grass. Edward and I got married two years ago. We took it slowly , day by day. We went to counseling together to work through our past mistakes and guilt. We still had our ups and downs, and I had a problem with trust in the beginning. However, today I could say with certainty that our relationship was stronger than ever. Our nine-month-old daughter, Jane, reached out for me. She had my brown eyes, but Edward's bronze hair. She was born perfectly healthy, and had her daddy wrapped around her little fingers. "Hi, sweetie, did you want to meet your big brother." I kissed the top of her head. "Jane, this Peter. Peter, this is your little sister, Jane." I introduced the two and wiped a tear from my eye. "Today is Peter's birthday, can you say Happy Birthday, Jane?" I encourage her even though I knew she couldn't understand. She blew a raspberry, reached out and patted the stone with her chubby little hand. Edward chuckled and then sniffled. "Happy Birthday, Son. I hope you're having a great day in Neverland fighting the pirates." "Happy Birthday, Baby," I whispered kissing my fingers then placing them over his name. I closed my eyes trying to hold back my tears. "Ma Ma ama" Jane patted my cheeks with a frown. "Mommy is okay, little girl," I promised. "Are you still up for the park?" Edward asked hesitantly. I nodded. Emmett and Rose were expecting us to meet them. They now had two boys of their own. Edward and Emmett's relationship was still strained, but getting better. "You want to go to your brother's park?" Edward asked Jane; she cooed her response. He stood up and then offered his hand to me. He pulled me to him and then kissed me sweetly on the lips. He laced our fingers together, and our hands swung lightly between the two of us as we walked back to our car. After he was released from rehab, Edward had a park built in our hometown and named it Peter's Neverland . The park attracted visitors from miles around and became popular very quickly. I had never seen such a place. There's a huge pirate's ship structure with rope ladders, slides, swings, planks, steering wheel, and even a crow's nest. A treehouse made from a real-looking fake tree that is hollow inside so kids could walk around through the rooms. Close by was another area of zip lines with an artificial mote underneath where a large animatronic alligator lived. And in the summer, there was a mermaid's lagoon that had a couple of inches of water with sprinklers; just enough to get wet in and cool off. A small plaque was by the park entrance dedicating it to Peter, and telling his story. Peter would have loved it, but we take solace in the belief that our son has already found his Neverland. A/N: Jane's name was influenced from Peter Pan 2: Return to Neverland . She was Wendy's daughter.