up and looked him directly in the eye. "Edward. I haven't had a man touch me like this in a very long time." He leaned his mouth over and whispered in my ear, "How long has it been?" "Five years." I admitted. He flashed me a sexy smile. "Well then, my beautiful librarian, don't you think it's about time?" Lust overcame me and I nodded my head. I wanted him so badly. He pulled me closer to the edge of the couch and kneeled on the floor in front of me. His fingers slid under my sweater, pushed my bra strap down and lifted my breast out of the cup of my bra. His fingertips teased my nipple which immediately hardened. My eyes closed and I leaned my head back, breathing deep. I felt his hands tug on the bottom of my sweater, before he lifted it off over my head, then he released the hooks on my bra, freeing my breasts from their confinement. I shivered from the chill in the room and he covered me with both of his hands, massaging, gently squeezing and pushing my breasts together. I looked up at his face; seeing his eyes full of lust and focused directly on my stiff peaks. He leaned forward and gave me a sensual, wet kiss on the lips before dipping his head lower. His lips lightly grazed the tips of my nipples, and then planted gentle kisses around the fullness of my breasts, bringing me to heightened desire. His hot mouth surrounded first one nipple and then the next; gently sucking with his lips while swirling his tongue around each hardened peak. The heat between my legs increased and one hand slid down to stroke my panties underneath my skirt. I heard him groan as his fingers felt the moistness there. I reached my hand out to unzip his pants and began stoking his hardness. Our breathing quickened as we caressed each other. I watched him through hazy eyes as his soft hands moved against my skin. Edward stood up and kneeled onto the couch in front of me. I made eye contact with him briefly before taking him into my mouth and swirling my tongue around his swollen tip. I hollowed my cheeks, applying steady pressure as my head bobbed up and down. His breathing was ragged and I was even more aroused at the raspy sounds he was making. I moved hungrily against him, loving the way he felt in my mouth; so long, thick, hard and smooth. Suddenly I felt a sense of urgency sparking around us. Seconds later Edward slipped himself out of my mouth and pulled his pants all the way down. He smirked sexily at me, guiding me onto my back against the couch cushions. Moving swiftly, he slid his hands under my skirt, and slipped my panties off, flinging them across the room. I smiled up at him in anticipation, noticing intense desire in his eyes as he gazed down at me. He leaned closer, teasing between my moist lips with the tip of his eager erection. My hips writhed anxiously under him. The anticipation of feeling a man, especially this incredibly sexy, twenty five year old, inside me for the first time made my breath hitch in my throat. He entered me slowly and my tightness melted around his hardness. I could feel my lips stretching, the deeper he pushed. He started pumping, gently at first, giving me time to get acclimated to his size. My wetness increased and I rotated my hips in sync with his thrusting. He stroked my hair away from my shoulder, and leaned over, kissing my neck. "You feel so good," I whispered. "Do I feel good to you too?" He nodded, eyes closed in concentration. "Too good," he gasped. "Hold still just a little. I want to savor this feeling as long as possible." He set a slower, steady pace; gliding in and out and driving me closer to orgasm. There was a hot, pulsating feeling building from the pit of my stomach, radiating down to my toes. My core was on fire. I spread my legs a bit further to allow him more room to move. My inner walls began to spasm. I felt like a tightly coiled spring, ready to release any second. He thrusted into me faster, deeper; pumping hard into my sensitive channel. I heard his voice become hoarse, his breathing ragged. All at once my climax hit me in rippling shockwaves as he throbbed into me, leaving me dripping with his hot juices. We sat side by side on the bench outside of the library. The sun was shining through the clouds as we said our goodbyes. The memories of this unbelievable affair would be with me forever. This man had made me feel things I had never felt and for that I would always be grateful. I stood up and gave Edward a tight hug, then pressed my lips to his. "I'm so thankful for the time we had together." "I am too. I'm sorry it ended so quickly…Or maybe I'm sorry it didn't start sooner." Edward said sincerely. He gave me a chaste kiss and opened his car door before climbing in and starting the ignition. He waved through the car window as he pulled away. I waved back and once he was out of sight, I took out the box he had given me again. The shiny metal glistened in the sunlight and as I opened the locket and admired the tiny picture of Edward and I smiling. Beside it, the words were printed in tiny script "To my Naughty Librarian: Although love and lust often don't keep the same company, for us they did." Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x