are an indication. I'm the one making her unable to catch her breath. I feel more like myself now. I slowly pull out of her as I hear her making incoherent noises. I take my time licking my fingers. Looking deep into her eyes, I step out of our last clothing barrier, my shorts. I didn't bothered to put any underwear on when I'd showered earlier. I really want to try something else with her. "Isa, are you …" In my nervousness, my voice cracks. Instead of revealing the truth, I lie. "I'm out of condoms ..." She's smart, this isn't her first time … she should know what I'm asking. She props herself up on bended elbows to look at me. "You're … out … ah ... what?" "I'm clean. Are you?" Please say yes. Please say fucking yes. "Pill … I've never … yeah, I'm, um … okay …" she squeaks out, muffling the last part of her sentence in the pillow she's thrown over her head. Dismissing everything she said and honing in on her giving me the green light, I grab my cock. "I really want to hit it … um, I really want to feel allof you … just you." I ease part of my head into her, pushing the head inside. "Yeah … ah, yes … just, oh God, slow … go slow," she chokes out, just as I try to move forward some more. Beads of sweat form on my forehead, despite the central air being on. I push some more. "Fuck, your pussy is tight." I'm only halfway inside her, and she's choke-holding the hell out of my cock in a very pleasurable way. Leaning on my forearms to keep most of my weight off of her, I see unshed tears in her eyes. Leaning into her, but keeping the majority of my weight off her, I go for her lips and tenderly kiss her, sucking on her lower lip.Surprisingly, I like kissing her. She tastes like some of the wine from earlier, and like cherries … maybe she'd worn cherry lip-gloss. Angling my head, I deepen our kiss, letting her take the lead. This makes it even feel better. I hear muffled groans; I feel her wetness coating me, making it easier to slide forward. Gripping her thigh, I hike it up, reveling in its smoothness, as her tongue plays with mine. I surge forward, and I go all the way in. Being inside of her … is like nothing I've ever felt before. She mumbles something, but I'm not sure what it is because I feel like I'm on sensory overload. Her nails rake down my spine then she palms my ass cheeks, pulling me inside of her additive warmth. She throws back her head, grunting words of encouragement. When she squeezes my cock, locking me inside of her as she comes, it takes all my years of sexual know how, not to come with her … and especially not inside of her. As her muscles release me, I quickly pull out, coming on her stomach. I roll off her, taking her with me. That was good … so fucking good! I notice that her curly hair is a little matted on top of her head. I push the few tendrils from her face, kissing her forehead. My hand have a mind of its own, and trails down her back, holding onto one an ass cheek. I lightly tap it, wishing I could see it jiggle. I plant another kiss on her head as the feeling of contentment spreads from my toes to my … well, it's just fucking spreading. "Thank you," she whispers. Biting the bullet, I realize I'm sweating just thinking the thoughts that I'm about to reveal. "Isa … I want to …" Get a coherent thought, Mase . "I know you're going away, but Poughkeepsie is only an hour or so away. I could … we could … you know, if you want to do that. Would you … um, want to?" Please say yes. Please say fucking yes. 'Cause I want more of this… more of you and this body Light snores greet me as I turn my face toward her and see she's sleeping. Curving her to my side, I feel really contented. Usually, I'm the first one dressed and half way out ofthe door right after I've gotten what I wanted. But, Isa makes me want to burrow further into her … in her presence. We'll talk in the morning. ∞∞∞Falling∞∞∞ Early the next morning … Groaning, I rub my face, then scratch my chest, palming my dick—all part of my morning ritual. I run my hand to my right to pull Isa to me, but hit only a cold spot. Huh? Picking my head up, I open an eye in her direction. "Isa?" No warm body. I'm wide awake now. Maybe she's in the bathroom. I glance at the clock on my nightstand, seeing it reads 6:00am. I yell her name. If she's in the bathroom, she'll definitely hear that. But, I hear no response. Heart in my throat, I speed out of the bedroom, heading into the living room. Her clothes are gone. On the table, in front of the fireplace, something yellow catches my attention. Going closer, I see she's spelled out thank you on eight pieces of sticky note papers using a smiley face for the 'o'. What the fuck? Who leaves a thank you on a sticky? If it wasn't happening to me, this would totally be a move I'd pull after a one night stand. In the harsh light of the early morning, I look down and see blood on my dick. She leaves me leaves me with a bloody dick and a smiley face thank you. Who does that? My hand clutches my heart, and I wonder what the hell just happened. She's gone … andI have no idea how she mind fucked me so easily.