and fit perfectly. The ivory colored dress set off Isabella's dark hair beautifully. The news that Edward was best man was greeted with, "I'm so glad they are now friends. How is he?" Isabella answered quietly, "Not good at all. He outworks his men and looks thinner." Senna looked thoughtful and then told Isabella, "I am here to stay, and it will work out, no worries." The rest of the talking in the Swan home was devoted to how Senna was feeling, how was Paris, and what dress Senna should wear. Senna was staying in the Clearwater home. She brought a doctor back for Leah. She was hoping the doctor could make some progress with Leah and the breakdown she was suffering from. James told Edward that evening that Senna was back in town at the Clearwater house with a doctor in tow for Leah. Edward wanted to go right over but was told not to by Carlisle. Carlisle advised him such a visit would cause talk that may impact Senna and Leah. Once again, Edward was advised to have patience. Wedding Day Edward and Senna were at the altar with James and Isabella as they said their vows. Edward was looking at Senna with naked longing on his face. Senna was looking at James and Isabella, and smiling at them as they said their vows. Carlisle had seen enough and would talk to Edward later at the reception for the happy couple. A reporter came from London to cover the wedding. Jessica Stanley got the scoop of a lifetime when Senna talked to her there. Edward noticed the female reporter writing as Senna talked. One hour later, the reporter was gone. Now Senna was talking to Esme and she laughed a little at something his mother said. Then Carlisle was talking to Senna and took her hands in his as he spoke. "You are an idiot and a fool," was the pronouncement from Riley to Edward. Edward could not take his eyes off Senna for even a moment. "Do you know I am the heir to a Dukedom if I want it? I need a wife who can produce an heir, but I'm not sure if Senna can have a baby after all the things her husband did to her. But, I have a special license and would ask that you please marry us tonight?" Edward asked and hoped Senna would agree to be his wife. He did not want to wait another day. Edward had put the license in his coat pocket that morning. Senna first talked to Edward's mother, then father and finally Edward. They all reassured her, an heir was not necessary, but happiness was. Could she please put Edward out of his misery? "Are you aware of who I am and your son's relationship with me?" Senna wanted to know their answer and then she would decide about Edward and if she wanted to try with him. They had such a bad beginning. "Yes, please forgive his stupidity and cruelty," from Edward's mother. "Please know, he is sorry and wants to marry you. I hope you are willing to try with him." Carlisle pleaded. Senna wanted to try. They were right; happiness was the most important thing. Life with Edward Cullen would be very interesting. She was able to admit to herself she was in love with Edward despite their bad beginnings. In Paris, she hoped to forget about Edward Cullen. He was the first person she thought of every morning and the last person she thought of before sleep claimed her in her grandfather's old house. Everyone noticed when Edward, Senna, Edward's parents, James, and Isabella along with their parents, and Mrs. David left the room together. Riley Biers was already in the small side room waiting and ready to do a simple ceremony. When the small party returned, James gave a toast to his best friends Mr. and Mrs. Edward Cullen. No one looked surprised by the news. Three Years Later The way Edward Cullen's son, Alexander Edward and James Hunter's daughter, Claire, ran around like wild children was a scandal. The way Edward chased after the kids was no better. Another person laughing at the sight was Leah Clearwater. Emmett McCarthy was now courting Leah and he had recently talked to Edward and Senna about a fall wedding date. Senna smiled watching her son and James' daughter. Alexander was the one name Senna's grandfather once said mattered to him. She missed him still. Ten Years Later People no longer came to Barnes unless they wanted to be there. The two couples on the road to Cullen manor stood out. The post coach set them on the road and they had to walk down the drive to the front of the house. The first couple was older and mixed. The man was tall and white and the woman short and black. The man reminded the mail coach driver of Senna Cullen. Her face was like his in looks. The second couple was more richly dressed than the first. The younger man looked even more like Senna Cullen. The children were eating in the small parlor when Alexander jumped up at the door bell and ran. Senna was suspicious because Edward did nothing to correct Alexander. They had lately been teaching the children proper table manners and jumping up for the door was not one of them. Alexander Cullen opened the door. Green eyes met the brown eyes of his maternal grandfather. Alexander smiled and yelled out, "Daddy, mama's present is here!" Senna smiled at Edward and asked, "What are you up to Mr. Cullen?" "Why Mrs. Cullen whatever do you mean?" Edward asked in an innocent voice. There was laughter in his eyes and on his face. The Duvalier family was introduced to their three newest family members. Senna had given birth to Alexander Edward, Riley James called Jay, and Lucia Esmay called Lucy. The children were eight, six, and three years old.