but that night, I felt like drinking. Which only fueled my anger. I drank anything I could find, vodka, rum, even some whiskey hidden behind a box of cereal. And then I blacked out. The next morning, long after the sun had rose, battling through my first ever hang over, I received a phone call from Rose. She'd been trying for hours to reach me. I'll never forget it. "Alice? Did you hear?" she asked, her voice cracking, tears and anguish present in her voice. "Hear what?" I asked, trying to keep my head from exploding. All I wanted was so extra strength Tylenol, my bed, and to be left alone. "Oh God! Edward and Bella were hit and killed by a car last night. And Jasper's in the hospital." "What?" I bolted upright, the room spinning. "What are you talking about?" Through her broken sobs, her tortured cries, she went on to tell me the story. It turns out, you really were with Edward at his piano practice. You guys had even recorded your first duet that night. A song you'd written and were hoping to get to a record company. Edward had practiced twice as hard to help make your dream come true. Halfway through the session, Jasper had called, asking Edward to pick him up from the Tasty Freeze. The accident happened there. While you and Edward stood in the parking lot, talking with Jasper, comforting him, a car speeding down the road slammed into you from behind. There was no time to react. No time to escape the path of the vehicle. The force of the impact sent both you and Edward forty feet from where you'd been standing. You were both killed instantly, the report states. Jasper watched the whole thing. Until he was clipped by the bumper of the speeding car, which is what landed him in the hospital with a shattered leg. And the girl I saw with Jasper; the one with long brown hair that looked just like you? That was Maria, his half-sister he didn't know he had until Peter tried to get into the school with her. He never told me about her because at first he wasn't sure if he believed it, it was hard to trust Peter when he didn't know what the intention was, and then when I started believing the rumors that he was cheating on me, he didn't trust me enough to know. She saw the whole thing too. In fact, she was the one who called nine-one-one. I asked Rose, once she had finished her story, if they thought it was Jasper's father who had done this. We all knew he'd been released from jail. Perhaps he had finally snapped. She told me he was already at the scene. He had just pulled into the parking lot to pick up Maria when it happened. I look back at that phone call, on that news and my insides twist and turn. It's funny, not in a 'ha ha' way, but in a sad way, to think how isolated I was even after gaining friends. To think how much I was just like Tanya. After all, I'd pulled away, but never really blamed Jasper after the rumors started. I never really confronted him. Just you. Just like Tanya had hated Rosalie because of Tyler, but never said a bad word about Tyler. You were a better friend to me than Tanya ever was. You gave me the chance to make other friends. You helped me find the courage to fall for a guy like Jasper. And how did I repay you? Not only did I listen to lies about you. Lies that were a result of people who didn't like me and wanted to see me hurt. But I also hurt Jasper. And I killed you. You and Edward. Because I had been drinking at the time, my sentence is higher. I received twenty-six years for my role in your deaths, plus an additional five for injuring Jasper. I guess Maria got a real good look at the driver. She told police I had a determined look on my face as I rammed into your bodies. She said it looked like I was aiming for you, but that Edward got in my way. I don't remember any of this. My car, however, tells Maria's story. I wish there was a way I could fix this. Wish I could bring you back, change our destinies. Maybe if you'd never spoken to me that first time, you'd still be alive? My court appointed therapist tells me that's victim blaming. I know he's right. You're not responsible for my actions. You're not responsible for my selfishness. I'm sorry I couldn't attend your funerals. Given the nature of what happened, your father and Edward's parents forbid my presence. Then again, I was already in custody at that point. It's been three years since that day. I haven't seen my parents since I was arrested. Rosalie and Emmett refuse to speak to me. And Jasper…while he's recovered, the damage done to his leg was too great. They had to amputate. He has a prosthetic now. I saw him at my sentencing trying to walk with it. He spoke to the court. He told everyone how when we met, I was a beautiful but shy girl. Someone who had spent too long detached from the world around her. And then when friends found me, I had such potential to be more. But instead of that, I listened to lies. I listened to lies, kept to myself without finding out truths, and in the end, killed my best friend. I'll be forty-eight years old when I'm released. I know I should feel fortunate that I didn't get a longer sentence. I should feel fortunate that I am still alive to see forty-eight. But I don't. Because I know you and Edward never will. Even still…I hope one day I can be forgiven. End