of my hand and slips it on my cock eagerly. "You move too slow old man." She teases as I start sucking on her neck. "Oh really. You in a hurry little girl?" Rubbing my cock in her warm heat, I teasingly bite her bottom lip. My mouth captures her lips and our tongues fight for dominance. I push into her hard and we both groan enjoying the feeling of being connected. Her legs open wider as I practically pull all the way out and then thrust back into her. Hard. Pulling one of her legs over my hip, I start fucking her fast enjoying every push and pull. My head burrows into her neck taking in her intoxicating scent. "You feel so fucking good, Baby. So tight." I breathe into her neck. "Don't you fucking stop. Don't ever fucking stop!" She yells out. I sit up taking both of her legs in each of my arms and ramming into her as I stand on my knees. "Never! You belong to me now, Bella." "Yes! Yours!" She yells as I start rubbing her clit needing her to fucking come before me. "Damn, right! Mine. All fucking mine!" I scream as I bend down and lift her entire body up slamming her against the headboard of the bed. The sounds of the headboard knocking against the wall fill the room as Bella claws at my back. "So fucking good!" She screams as I grind into her. Bella's pussy clenches around my cock like a vise grip as she comes. "Come on my cock, Baby," I scream as I come inside of her. We hold onto each for what seems like forever, kissing and touching. Doing shit I've never dreamed of doing with any other woman. Just basking in her. I lay us down on the bed and dispose of the condom before taking her in my arms and kissing her. I laugh as I think about the first time we met. "What's so funny?" She looks at me as if I've lost my damn mind. "I told you…" I say to her pecking her lips gently. "You told me what?" She asks staring at me bewildered. "That I would have you beneath me." She smacks my shoulder hard as hell. "Asshole." "Brat." I kiss her hard on those pretty fucking lips, rolling her on top of me ready to go for round two. ~~TFYR~~ One-Year Later: Bella We stand barefoot on the hot sand. The setting sun glistens in the backdrop giving the entire wedding ceremony a beautiful glow. Edward is wearing a dark blue suit with a gray tie and matching vest. Family and friends smile happily at us, but not one smile is as big as the one I'm looking at right now. Sexy old dude. Edward. His smile is bright and radiant while Reverend Webber speaks about God's love. "Edward and Bella have written their own vows to express their love." He looks over at Edward, who is too busy staring at me to notice. I give him a pointed look and a giggle as our family and friends start chuckling at him. "Edward…" The priest says a little louder causing him to come out of his Bella induce haze. "Oh! Sorry Rev." Edward clears his throat a few times giving me a hard stare. It's not my fault, I'm a beautiful bride, if I do say so myself. "Bella, from the moment I laid eyes on you, I knew I had to have you. I just had no idea I needed you for the rest of my life." He pauses staring into my eyes. Tears pool in my eyes and I couldn't will them away if I wanted to. "My days were empty and shallow until you sat next to me on the shuttle van. That day was the day my world was set straight. I love you Bella Marie Swan, and I will love you until the day I die, baby. You own me— mind, body, and soul." One of his hands gently wipes the tears from my cheek. "Bella." Reverend Banner nods at me. I kiss Edward's hand softly lying on my cheek. "We found each other when neither of us was looking, and although we fought it with everything we had, our love won the war. That love gives me strength, and courage, it fills me with so much joy that I'm afraid that I will burst. I love you Edward Cullen and I thank God every day for sitting me next to an arrogant, conceded hot old guy." I pause allowing the crowd to laugh and Edward to smirk at me. "You're my heart and soul. I would die every day waiting for you because you are the love of my life, forever." Edward pulls me into him, capturing my lips with his own. My body melts into his and my arms wrap around him trying to pull him closer to me. "Ummm, by the power invested in me I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may continue kissing your bride." Reverend Webber says awkwardly. I'm too busy enjoying my husband to care about the crowd around us. Edwards's hands find their way to my ass and he takes a handful bunching up my silk gown. I can vaguely hear my father clear his throat over and over, but I can't find it in me to care. I am Mrs. Edward Cullen. Edward and I press our foreheads together catching our breaths. His green eyes meet mine, and he smiles. "I love you, Brat." "I love you, too. Asshole." "Introducing Mr. and Mrs. Edward Cullen." We turn to face our family and friends and I smile happily to myself. Stupid idiotic five-year rule. Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x