territory," he reminded us as Lily snarled. The distinct smell of wolf took over my senses as we started running alongside her on our land. "She's going to get away!" Esme called, unwilling to let any harm come to her family, including Bella. "No. We won't!" I called back to her. Rosalie and Alice were right behind me as Carlisle and Esme stayed level with her. We tried to get a little bit ahead of her. Two wolves were hot on Victoria's tale and there were more behind him. I could see Lily's eyes watch them, as she kept level with her parents. She could easily catch up with me if need be, but for the moment it was my turn to attack. We worked as a team. Victoria jumped back over to our side and Emmett was nearly at her again until she propelled against trees, going high into the tree line. He was strong, but I was more flexible. I followed her lead. As soon as I dove her, she turned and I hit the ground in a tumble of leaves. "Hey!" Lily called out. I turned to her, but Victoria didn't. I knew she was trying to earn her eye contact. The fear would leave her indisposed and we could catch her, but Lily couldn't get her to look at her. Lily was past Emmett, reaching out to her, grabbing at her clothes, but knowing not to really reach until she was sure she could get a good hold. I could hear Esme suck in a breath as Lily latched onto Victoria's shirt. Though Victoria pulled the same move on Lily that she did on Emmett, Lily's hold was firm and they tumbled over each other and off the side of the cliff and into the water, into wolf territory. Since Lily landed on top, one of the dogs dove after her, knocking her off of Victoria and setting her free, while one of the wolves circled Lily growling viciously. Before any of us could react, a sand colored wolf with paws that were just a little too big landed in front of her, baring its teeth at the others. The other wolves stopped and took a few steps back, staring the wolf protecting my sister. Once it seemed safe, the sand colored wolf turned to Lily and nosed her hand and sniffed her face. Lily's big golden eyes looked at the wolf for a long time before she smiled and her hand ran through the fur. That feeling of love washed over me again and I knew it was Lily and the wolf. She placed her hands on the wolf's snout and gently kissed its nose. "Lily!" Esme called out. She was still worried about her daughter. The wolves were still staring at my sister and it was nerve wracking. "Lily, come on," I called to her, reaching my hand down to her, though I knew she didn't need assistance. She glanced at us then back down at Seth. "Be safe." She had just whispered it in his ear before turning and jumping toward me, accepting my hand. It made me feel better to have her safe in my arms, but as she glanced at the boy again, I realized how true it was that she wasn't completely ours anymore. "She got away," Alice mumbled, pulling us all from our thoughts. All our eyes turned toward the La Push. Victoria had gotten away. SPOV They were all yelling in my head. Leah was the loudest of all of them. I had waited until the last minute to change, but when Lily was being taunted by Paul. I couldn't even keep myself from phasing. In an instant I was running toward her ready to kill my own pack member to save her from harm. Then when she looked at me, she wasn't afraid. She knew it was me and I nosed her, wishing she could understand my concern for her. As her hands ran over my fur and nose, she smiled at me and then kissed my nose . Be safe . "She'll be the end of us!" "It's unnatural!" "You're a traitor!" No one could understand that it wasn't my fault. I couldn't help it. Lily was beyond a choice for me. "We can't hurt her! She's imprinted. It's law." My head turned and I looked at Jacob painfully moving toward me. "He can't help who he chooses. Maybe it is some cosmic force, but Seth had Lily and Lily has chosen him in return. We cannot harm her." "That doesn't mean we welcome her," Leah growled. "We cannot allow her at La Push. She cannot be on our land." My heart wrenched at the idea of not being able to stay with my pack and my imprintee at the same time. "But I'll choose her." My thoughts were true. "I can't not choose her. She's-" "She loves him and she has never harmed a human. Not in her entire life as a vampire. The Cullen's are not like most," Jacob reminded them. "They have protected Bella many times from their own kind." "Enough!" Sam pulled our attention to him. "We cannot hurt one that is imprinted, but this is something for the counsel. We can't keep him from her either." Leah paced, not happy about this at all. "We talk to the counsel as soon as possible." I turned away from then and moved back toward the creek to find my clothes. I needed to get back to her. I was back to my human state before anyone could stop me and I walked toward my clothes laying in the rocks. Though the rain was pouring, I couldn't find it in myself to let go of her. I wanted to see her. Now. I walked toward the Cullen house, despite the fact rain was pouring down on me as I did. I couldn't stay away from her. I had to see her. Please review. :)