in his eyes told me that he had the weight of the world on his shoulders. This entire conversation seemed rather harmless, and I could feel how my heart calmed down. "Nothing's impossible, Caius. Just look at her. She's just witnessed a massacre of her fellow humans. She probably knows what we are and yet she stands there as if it was nothing. She's not even afraid anymore. Her blood smells clean." They were clearly talking loud enough for me to hear to see if they could get a reaction out of me. And I did react, but not in the way they thought I would. I was elated. I came here so I could ask these powerful vampires for immortality. They had not killed me yet so that was a big plus. The trio turned their backs to me. "Leave us!" Caius shouted out and the vampires left through different sets of doors. Only a black haired female, that followed Aro around like a shadow, stayed behind. "Renata, don't be anxious," Aro said to the woman. "She's only human and can't harm me." "Master, please, let me stay," she pleaded. "I'm sorry, my love, but this is something that needs to be discussed with my brothers in private." He put his hands on her face and kissed her right on the lips before she walked slowly out of the room, never taking her eyes off me. The brothers sat down in what looked like thrones, and I took a look around the room for the first time since I entered. I was surprised to see that there wasn't a single drained body anywhere. Not even a single speck of blood on the white marble floor was in sight. "So, Isabella, there is something I've wanted to ask you." Aro's voice returned my attention to him and his brothers. "You know what we are, don't you?" I swallowed before I nodded. "Yes, I do." "And may I ask how you found out?" Once again, disguised as a question but it was clearly a demand. I did not know if it would be bad if I outed my ex-family, but it felt as if I didn't really have a choice. "I'm acquainted with a coven of your kind that used to live where I'm from." "This coven told you our secret?" Caius glared at me. Why was he so angry? "Yes," I corrected myself. "Or rather I found out by myself." All three narrowed their eyes, even Marcus, before they continued asking questions. "And who is the leader of this coven?" I knew from the story that C-Carlisle had lived with these three during a time in his youth, so they would absolutely know who I meant, but I was at the same time afraid of getting Carlisle into trouble. He had always been so kind to me. Until he left me that is – without as much as a goodbye. Maybe he wasn't as kind as I'd always thought he'd been. Maybe he deserved what was coming for him. I looked down at the floor and whispered out the answer. "Carlisle Cullen." It still hurt to say his name but I tried to not think about that when I heard a faint gasp and I looked back up. The three brothers looked shocked but tried not to show it. "What kind of relationship do you have with Carlisle?" Marcus spoke up for the first time. He had a deep, bass voice that was surprisingly smooth. "He was a father figure of sorts." I took a deep breath and continued through clenched teeth. "I was romantically involved with his son, E-Edward." His name tore at my heart. Aro exchanged a look with Caius that made shivers go down my spine. How would my relationship with the Cullens' influence their view of me? "I keep noticing that you use past tense. Why is that?" Aro asked without breaking his eye contact with Caius, who now smiled as wide as his mouth could go. "They left me because I'm human. And that's why I'm here." Aro and Caius whipped their heads into my direction and looked at me questioningly. "Elaborate," Caius ordered. "I want to be one of you," I said without hesitating. "I came here to ask you to change me." The three brothers exchanged looks and talked too fast and low for me to hear anything. Aro looked interested, Caius looked hesitant and Marcus looked bored. I wrung my hands nervously, terrified of what they would decide. "And why would you want to become a soulless monster like us?" Aro asked. It was clearly a trick question but I already knew what to answer. "I don't believe vampires are soulless – because if they were, I wouldn't understand why it was my destiny to become one. In my entire human life, I've always felt misplaced. I never belonged with humans. I've always been abnormal and I've never felt as at home as I feel in the vampire world – because it's the world where I'm supposed to live." I finished my little speech and they immediately turned to each other and started to talk amongst themselves again. After what felt like hours but was probably not even two minutes in real life, they turned back to me. Their faces showed absolutely no emotion. "As you probably understand, what the Cullens' did when they told you our secret is a crime we don't take lightly. Since we have not been notified of any exposure, I'm fairly certain on the point that you haven't told anyone?" I shook my head. "I haven't told a soul," I promised. "Well, we can't have a human know about us so that leaves us with only one choice." My breathing increased when Aro suddenly appeared in front of me and whispered in my ear. "Your gifts will make for an intriguing immortal, Isabella." I couldn't help but scream out in pain when his teeth pierced my skin.