to him too. After explaining my death to my family, I look at Jacob. Go phase! I order him. He runs off and returns in a pair of shorts. He sits cross legged next to my dad, whose lap I was in. Without even thinking about it, I climb out of Dad's lap and into Jake's. HIs fingers find my hair and he starts putting it in a French braid. I shake my head so he stops and I lean backwards, resting my head on his shoulder. Only then do I take in my parent's faces. They are full of rejection and hurt. "I'm sorry." I whisper. I was always hurting people, no matter what I do! But wait, they hurt me. They broke me. I sit up. "Actually, I'm not sorry. I guess I'm not being completely honest. I'm still angry! I want you to feel the same rejection that I did. You may be my biological parents, but Mikkel and Sheila, Rose and Emmet, and all of them have done a better job than you. You guys suck at parenting! I hate that you left without a proper goodbye! I hate that you left me here and never once called to say hi! You missed my first five birthdays! You missed going bra shopping for the first time! You missed my entire childhood! And you made me miss Eddie's! You took away my chance to see my baby brother grow up because you were too selfish to share him with us!" Mom's eyes fill with venom tears. "No!" I snap. "You don't get to cry. It was your choice to abandon me. I've come to my senses now. I hate you, and I'll never stop hating you for my entire existence!" I am beyond angry at this point. "Maybe later I'll accept you back in my life, but for now, you are nothing to me." I spit, standing up and walking away. Jacob follows after me quickly. I stomp up to my room and fling myself on my bed. Jake comes over and snuggled against me. "I really don't want a lecture. I'm allowed to say what I feel." My voice is muffled by my blanket. Jake smoothed his hand over my hair. "You're right, Ness. You're almost fifteen now. The last time they saw you, you looked seven. You're bound to be upset." I take comfort in his words. "Maybe one day I'll let them back in my life, but for now, I don't want anything to do with them. I thought I was okay with it, but I was wrong. They hurt me, Jakey. And I don't want to forgive them. Am I a bad person?" He shifts so we're both sitting up with me curled into his side. "Of course not, Ness! You're in the right here, not them. They messed up." His voice is firm and angry. I nod. Jake picks me up and sets me on the floor, grabs my hand, and pulls me out the door. He runs down the stairs with me in tow. My parents are sitting uncomfortably on the couch having a conversation with Carlisle. Everyone else was at Mikkel's house, desperate to be away from them. I knew that my aunts and uncles hated my parents for what they did to us. I hated them too. I guess it was like a club now. "Renesmee…." My mother starts to say. I turn my head in the other direction, not wanting to see them. Jacob continues pulling me out the door. "Jake!" I laugh. "Where are we going?" He lets go of my hand and runs into the woods. He comes back seconds later in wolf form. I hop on his back and he runs. I rest my head on his back, staring at the sinking sun. I whisper in his ear, "Take me to the stars Jacob." He howls happily and takes off as fast as he can. When I was upset, or angry, or even scared, Jacob and I would go up to the highest cliff in La Push and stare at the stars to calm me. No matter how cloudy it was, we could always see them, due to our heightened senses. We got to the cliff in a record time, and Jacob stayed in the woods to phase. When he emerged, I was laying on my back, waiting for the sun to go down the rest of the way so the stars would appear. He was wearing only a pair of Jean cutoffs that sent butterflies through my stomach. I sat up and shrugged off my jacket, revealing a form fitting, low cut black shirt. It would be hot with Jake lying right next to me. I saw his eyebrows rise. "When'd you start wearing shirts like that?" My cheeks immediately colored and I stuttered out, "Uh… a little while ago?" My answer is more like a question. "Huh." He grunts. We lie down on our backs next to each other and wait for the sun to go down. I can't help my mind wandering to the look he gave me when I shed my jacket. I could only describe it as longing and desire. But I must me imagining things. He doesn't like me back. I shake my head to rid these thoughts from my mind. The sky is black now. I stare at the stars and the full moon. Calmness washes over me and I feel myself relax. Jacob sighs contently. I move my hand over slightly so that the backs of our hands are touching. A spark runs up my arm, but it feels nice. I breathe in and Jake's scent is strong. His maple syrup, woodsy smell is perfect. As I breathe in deeply, I realize that his presence calms me as much as the stars. Laying here with our hands touching, his scent surrounding us, and the stars and moon, I feel content. Better than I have in a while.