friendly enough but being new is apparently a hot commodity around here. They tried to make a feature about me in the school paper before I convinced them not to. The only thing that was kinda weird was this boy, he spent the day glaring at my like I had killed his dog or something then just disappears. Didn't come to school at all!" She complained, this guy had obviously been bothering her for a few days. We were just getting to know each other but I could tell that Bella wasn't the type to open up about things like this so quickly. "Sounds like an asshole." I dead panned, not sure what else to say about it. We chatted a bit more about random topics before Charlie came in telling Bella it was time to head home. I guess he was playing the responsible adult role since my mother was still giggling in the recliner. I was happy though, she hadn't smiled this much since the fiasco with my father. "Remember, school tomorrow Sage. Don't forget to pick up your papers from the front office" Charlie said as he and Bella escaped the house. Once they had left I told my mom good night and headed to bed myself, it was early for me but after everything that happened today I was tired. I set the alarm on my night stand for 6am so I would have plenty of time to get to school. It seemed like I had just closed my eyes a moment ago when the dreaded alarm went off signaling I had to wake up. After a vicious fight with the snooze button I finally rolled myself out of the warmth of my bed and into the shower. I enjoyed my calming sandalwood scented products even as I rushed through my morning routine. I had already picked my outfit the night before knowing I would snooze far too long in the morning. I went to my full length mirror and studied my reflection after getting dressed and finishing my hair. A short girl with sun kissed skin stared back at me, her green eyes slightly exaggerated by eye-liner. Shaggy straightened black hair fell to just barely touch her shoulders with the front framing an angular face. Light blue faded skinny jeans were tucked into brown leather boots that covered her legs from the knee-cap down. A white, well fitted tank top laid beneath a brown short jacket that hung just to the bottom of her rib cage. A dark knitted scarf was folded neatly around her neck, hiding her sharp collar bones and most of her chest from view. Though to be completely honest the scarf would come off in an instant to protect her hair from any rain. After turning this way and that I decided I was satisfied with my appearance. Grabbing my plain black messenger bag, I darted down the stairs to grab some toast before heading to school. Luckily my mom was on the ball, a to go cup of coffee and toast all ready to go. She was still in her checkered pajamas humming to herself in the kitchen as I flew through the kitchen. "Where's my keys mom?" I asked when I realized I didn't have them. My old car had been damaged in the fire so I had gotten a new Jeep. I referred to it as a happy upgrade. She tossed the keys to me as I walked out the door. Sitting proudly in the driveway was my gleaming charcoal grey 2008 two-door Jeep Wrangler. I had the top on it today, being in Forks you never knew when it was going to rain. It was a short drive to the school, it was less than 10 miles away from our new home. I easily spotted Bella's orange monstrosity when I pulled into the school lot, unfortunately there weren't any open spots near it. Bella waved sympathetically as she saw me circling the parking lot searching for an open place. Near the back corner of the lot I saw a few vehicles that stood out from the rest. Not to sound judgemental but it was like this was the rich kids area to park. Luckily for me, there was an open spot right between some Volvo and another Jeep. Unfortunately for me, right when I pulled into the space and parked I swung my door open just as a blonde boy was jumping out of the other jeep. To my utter mortification, my door smacked him. I just sat there mouth gaping like an idiot too! I couldn't even get my brain to function enough for an apology. Strangely, a wave of calm spread over me just when I thought I had hit the peak of my embarrassment. "I'm sorry, I uh… didn't see ya there" I finally managed to drawl, my accent coming out stronger than usual. The blonde man just continued to smirk before he replied in a smooth southern accent of his own "Not to worry ma'am, no harm done" tipping his head before moving on. It took a few moments for my brain to kickstart before I got out of my car. The blonde boy and the rest of his friends, or maybe they were family, had long since left. I walked towards the school and Bella caught up with me. "What was that?" She asked me, seeming more interested than I thought. "I accidently hit the blonde one with my door… It was an accident though! I just kind of froze afterwards which made it even more awkward than it already was." I explained to my cousin. My mind still kind of stuck on the unknown man's jawline and gentle accent. "Those were the Cullens! The one I was telling you about, they're his family. The blonde boy is Jasper. Everyone says he's intimidating, but I think he's just quieter than the others." Bella muttered to herself mostly. "So his name is Jasper…"