the tribal leaders on the La Push reservation where all the shapeshifters are. He knows all about vampires." She replied. "He even knows Vicky, Riley, and Bree." "Uh, right, I guess you can call your daddy, then." Shit, I've never had to deal with a daddy before. Well, I had to when I was human, but never as a vampire. What do I say to him? I thought in my mind. "Um, excuse me sir, but I fucked your daughter and changed her into a vampire, then when she woke up I fucked her for almost twenty-four hours straight and claimed her over and over again. By the way, I'm still a respectable kind of dude, sir." We found a woman being gang raped and I showed Bella what to do. She was a natural. A bit of a messy eater, but that was to be expected. We ran home after that, showered, then Bella made her calls. The first call was to her daddy—who was, oddly, very understanding. He insisted that he speak to me. "Hello, Sir." I said. "Now I know that I can't prevent my little girl from being a vampire considering that you already changed her. I expect you to treat her with the utmost respect and I want to see her twice yearly for visits after her bloodlust is under control. If she tells me that you've harmed her or disrespected her in any way, I'll send the fucking wolves or her vampire friends in Seattle after you. Do you understand me, boy?" "Yes, sir. I'll always treat her with respect, sir." I patted my balls to make sure they were still there after my dress down from Bella's father. "Good, you can call me Charlie, Peter." Thank you, sir...um...Charlie, sir." I said, before handing the phone back to Bella. Bella's second call was to her friend Victoria. "Hey, Vicky, how's it hanging?" She asked. "Hang on a second, Bells. Let me just finish torching this prick and I'm all yours." We heard a big thump and the sound of a fire being set. She casually came back on the line. "So, what's up?" "I have news." Bella said. "Who did ya fuck?" Vicky asked. "Peter." Bella replied. "Peter who?" "I don't know, let me ask him." Bella turned to me. "What's your last name, Peter?" "Whitlock." I informed her. "Did you hear that?" "Whitlock, Whitlock, that name sounds familiar. So was he a good lay?" "Eh, so-so." Bella replied. "So-so? Woman, what are you talking about? I just spent almost twenty-four hours fucking you into submission and claiming you." "What the hell does he mean when he says he fucked you into submission and claimed you, Bella? Put the little fucker on the phone, now!" Vicky yelled. "Hello?" I said. "Is this Vicky? I've heard so much about you." "Listen mister, I have no idea who you are, but if you're one of those freaky ass men who's into whips and chains and shit, you have another thing coming. None of that over the top kinky shit for my friend. Bella is very important to me and if there's one mark on her I swear to God that I will come down from Seattle and beat the living shit out of you. Trust me, when I say that I'm not just a mere woman. Now, put my friend back on the phone!" She ordered. "Don't worry about Peter, Vicky. He's a cream puff. He can never hurt me." Bella assured. "I don't like all that talk about submissiveness and claiming Bella. Sounds a little too kinky for human sex. Anyway, I'm glad you called. Riley, Bree, and I were thinking about running down tomorrow. We took a week off of work so we thought we'd visit our favorite human. Actually, I'm lying. I was fired from work again today. Riley and Bree took a week off. Anyway, now that you've called, I want to make sure that this Peter Whitlock fucker checks out." What the hell is it with everyone calling me fucker these days. First Brewmaster and now this Vicky chick. Bella looked at me to ask for permission to have visitors. I nodded that it was fine and told her the address. "You fucking moved in with him?" Vicky asked. "When the hell did you meet this guy?" "Four days ago." Bella replied. "That's it. You've obviously gone off your rocker. We're leaving tonight as soon as Bree gets off of work." Vicky said. "Oh, and I'm draining the fucker if there's one mark on you!" Vicky ended the call. Bella had a mischievous smile on her face. "Why the fuck didn't you tell her you were changed?" I asked. "I like getting a rise out of her. Besides, I want to see her reaction when she finds out that she can't drain you." Bella smirked. Ye gads, this is my type of woman. She's exactly the kind of naughty vixen I was looking for and I found her at Walmart of all places. You really can find anything at Walmart. I looked straight at her and was met with her pitch black eyes. "Get the hell into that bedroom, take your clothes off, and wait for me with your legs spread wide for me, kitten. I'll be right there." I ordered. "Hey, Brewmaster, did I score when it came to the mate department, or what?" I thought in my mind. "Yep, she's definitely one in a million. I'm liking her. I'm liking her a lot. Now get her on her knees and have her suck you off. Trust me, we'll enjoy it." Brewmaster chuckled. I ran into the bedroom to find my mate in the position that I told her to wait for me in. Hot damn—I'm shooting for the gold! So, what did you think? Peter and Bella are pretty cool aren't they? What did you think of Vicky? Let me know and I will respond, that's a promise. XOXO