I can't get enough air. "It's simple really. I come down to breakfast, pull you away from slaving over the hot stove for me, lift you onto the island, and devour you instead." Bella attacks my mouth, and I take that as a sign she likes the idea. When I can, I push her backward and lay her out across the cool marble. She's a feast for a starving man. She watches me with barely open eyes as she rests one heel on the edge of the counter, offering herself to me. "God, you're beautiful." I take a moment to drink in the sight of her, committing it to memory. Bella reaches up and palms the side of my face. "So are you. I've never really seen you without your glasses on before. Your eyes are so green. Gorgeous." I lean over and nibble the flesh just below her belly button. And then my need takes over. I have to taste my goddess. I kiss and suck my way down between her thighs and growl when my tongue finally enters her. She's everything I dreamed about and more. So sweet. So wet. So fucking ready for me that I can't believe this is real. I feast on Bella until she's a writhing mess. She's actually trying to crawl away because I won't let her come again—not yet. I don't want this to end. "Edward," she moans. "Not yet, baby." "But, aahhh!" She's so close. "I have a fantasy too." I lift my head just an inch away and miss her heat immediately. "Tell me. I'll do whatever you ask." She moans as my tongue pushes back inside her. "You, me, ah," she tries to speak. I slow down my assault because I'm curious about how she imagined I'd take her. "I'm standing bending over the oven, ah, ah." She opens her eyes and looks at me. I stop and wait. "And you fuck from behind. No warning. You just storm across the kitchen, yank my shorts down, and fuck me hard. Like you can't control your need for me. Please." "Fucking hell, woman. Yes!" I pull her into my arms and whisk her around the other side of the island. Bella has a blissed-out smile plastered on her face. She's high from my tongue, and I feel like fucking Superman. She stumbles when I put her down, but I grab her before she falls. "My legs are Jell-o thanks to you." She turns around and steadies herself on the edge of the stove. "Here." She bends over, offering me herself again, and if I thought I was hard before, that's nothing to the strain on my zipper now. "Like this. Just take me. Hard," she says over her shoulder. There is no need to ask me twice. I align our hips, unzip my pants, and sink straight in to the fucking hilt in one thrust. Heaven on fucking earth! Bella makes a kind of mewing sound and pushes back against me. Her heels make her hips the perfect height as I pump and grind into her center. She's a fucking dream. She wants this, she wants me, and not only me, but she's fantasized about me fucking her hard in my kitchen. "Oh yeah, like that," she demands. I push harder and deeper, as fast as I can. "Baby, I'm gonna come." "Me too. Fuck—" And just when I can't hold on a second longer, Bella comes. She pulls me with her, and I let go, touching heaven. I collapse on the floor and drag her down with me in a tangle of arms and legs. She's half on my lap, half leaning against the cupboard. "Edward Cullen," she pants, trying to get air. "If I knew you could make me feel like that, I would have attacked you months ago." She starts to giggle, and we both end up laughing on the floor. With what strength I have left, I maneuver her so she sitting on my lap, facing me. I push the tangle of hair over her shoulder and hold her face in my palms. She will forever be my kitchen goddess. She sits, with a healthy flush to her cheeks, grinning back me. What we just shared wasn't dirty, or lewd, or a crime because of our age difference. It was two people who care deeply for each other, sharing their innermost desires. The worry I had for us fades away as the realization hits me. Love doesn't see color or race or age or sex. Love just is, and it's a blessing and a gift. Fighting what I felt for her all those months didn't chase it away. If anything, it only made her all the more precious to me. She runs one finger down my cheek. "Did that feel like a crime?" I snort. "No." She smiles. "It's like since you walked through my door, my life has only just begun. As though, I've been in a holding pattern waiting for you arrive." "Waiting for me to be a respectable age you mean." We both laugh. Bella pulls one end of my bow tie, easing the strain around my neck. "Fantasy turn out the way you wanted?" I ask, grinning. "Oh boy, did it ever. But I think it's about time I got to see what's under your gym shorts. Round two is definitely going to be naked. Agreed?" "Agreed." I grab her around the waist and haul us both to our feet. Bending down, I pull her over my shoulder and head for the bedroom with her giggles of delight echoing through the house. What we just shared made my girl happy, and I'll do whatever it takes to make her this happy forever more. Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x