leaned into me so hard that I suddenly found myself flat on my ass in the floor. I could feel myself turning pink in embarrassment. I shyly looked up at Edward through my eyelashes to see his reaction. "Here Bella, let me help you up," he said as he reached down for my hand and pulled me effortlessly back up to my feet. I looked up into his eyes while feeling that shock once again as it went up my arm and moved on to the rest of my body. It felt as though there was an electrical buzz running through me, almost like my skin was humming. Standing this close, I could feel the heat radiating off of his big body. There were only a few inches separating us now and I could clearly see the dark stubble on his face. "I'm so sorry," he said. "Samson is well . . . Samson. He really means no harm." I was about to tell him that it was no problem, when I felt a sudden push on my legs from behind me and I fell against his chest. He quickly grabbed my waist so that I wouldn't fall, and my hands automatically grabbed hold of his arms. I looked back and saw Delilah leaning on me trying to get closer to Samson. I laughed quietly and said, "Looks like Delilah would like to meet Samson, too." We moved over to the side so that our canine friends could meet. It was like Samson and Delilah had known each other forever. They were nuzzling one another and their tails were wagging. I called Delilah over so that Edward can meet her. He gave her a good scratching before she went back over to Samson. "You'll have to bring her by my shop sometime so that they can visit again," he kindly offered. "Oh, I wouldn't want us to be a bother. I'm sure that you have lots to do," I replied quietly. He looked me straight in the eyes and repeated his offer. It was at this point that I realized that this man could make me or break me. Just by giving me that look, I felt a longing to be closer to him. To get to know him better. To find out what made him tick and what the reasons were behind all of his tattoos. I finally agreed to come by soon and he gave me directions to his shop. He told me it was called Skin Deep and that it was the new tattoo place in town. I didn't tell him that I had heard the gossip about his shop already. I kept getting lost in his green eyes and mesmerized by the way his bronze hair would move in the slight breeze that would come down the aisle. My fingers itched to reach out and touch it and see if it felt as soft as it looked. Up close I could see the natural highlights that were running through it. Because he's so big and tall, he made me feel smallbeside him. "Here's my card. Please, feel free to come by and check out the shop, and bring Delilah with you. I always bring Samson to work with me and sometimes he gets lonely for company," he told me. "I'll keep that in mind the next time we have to make a run into town," I told him. As I stood there for a moment, wondering what to say to him, I glanced down at my watch and realized that if I didn't leave in the next ten minutes I would be late getting Delilah to the vet I turned to Edward and said "Well, Edward, it's been really great meeting you and Samson, but I have to run before I'm late for Delilah's appointment at the vet. I just need to grab a couple bags of Delilah's food first." I turned to grab two of the fifty pound bags of dog food, but Edward stepped up quickly saying, "Let me get that for you." He gave me a crooked smile and noted that it was the same kind of dog food Samson eats and that's why he was here at the store today, too. It had really surprised him that the small store actually had it in stock. I explained to him that I had them keep it stocked for Delilah. As he was loading the dog food for me, the fog in my head finally cleared enough for me to get some kind of handle on my mental faculties. I really should thank him or something. "Thank you for your help with the food," I replied breathlessly as I watched his muscles rippling fluidly beneath his snug white tee shirt. "It's the least I can do for a fellow AM lover," he replied with a crooked smile. We said our goodbye's and I promised to bring Delilah by his shop sometime to visit. We then had to pry Samson and Delilah apart as they were reluctant to separate. As I made my way to the checkout, I couldn't help but to think about the man that I had just met. He was the best looking man that I had ever laid my eyes on. He was also very friendly and just seemed like a nice guy. To look at him, and go by appearance only, you would think the opposite, with his tattooed arms, long hair, and firm jaw he had all the looks of a bad-ass! As Delilah and I were walking up to the counter to pay I looked back over my shoulder. He was following us with his warm, green gaze. I wasn't sure how to take that. I waved to him as I made my way out of the store and he sent me a wave in return. AN And as with all of my other ramblings, you can find pictures on my facebook page, The twisted mind of Mathisson