releases it, wandering around the bench to wash his hands in the kitchen sink. "Shaking hands? You being a grown-up gentleman now, Edward?" asks Liz, grinning as she stuffs peaches into a jar. Edward kisses her on the cheek as turns on the tap. "Learned from the best, Grandma." "Bullshit," she says. "I'll never be a grown up." I laugh at their easy exchange, and slide a pile of sliced peaches across to Liz. "Are you here to make yourself useful, then?" I ask Edward. "Go on," says Liz. "You use your new gentlemanly ways to help Bella." She gives him a nudge. "And put a shirt on. We've got company." "'Kay," he says, pulling a can of Coke out of the fridge and coming around to sit next to me. He grabs a white t-shirt that's hanging over the back of a chair at the dining table behind us and pulls it over his head, and I kind of sadly watch that tanned skin on his flat stomach disappear. When he sits down, I swear I can feel the body heat radiating off him, and it sets my face aflame. I take a sip of my lemonade and hope I can blame it on the heat. "So," he says, a little lazily and a lot sexily, "Grandma said you finished Year 12 this year." He picks up a knife and slices into a peach. Not going to lie, it looks a little awkward. When I nod, he continues. "Where'd you go?" "Forks Creek High." I continue slicing, all the while watching the knife disaster that's about to happen. "You right with that?" "Yep," he says, and the peach slips, the knife loudly hitting the chopping board. "Fuck! I mean...sorry, Grandma." "Not me you should be apologising to," says Liz as she takes the knife from him, her eyes gleaming. "Bella is our guest." That makes me laugh, because I've never, not once, felt like a guest in Liz's home. But Edward doesn't seem to know that. He starts stuffing peaches into a jar. "Right. Sorry, Bella." I wave him off. "It's fine, really. I've been to the pub on a Friday night for the meat raffle. Believe me, I've heard worse." "Speaking of which," says Liz, moving back to the stove and lowering jars into the pot, "apparently Harry won a ham last night. I ran into Sue at the shops this morning. They'll bring it to lunch." "No way!" I say, placing the last cut peach into a bowl and setting down my knife. I wipe my hands on the tea-towel that's sitting on the bench. "She said she'd bring a ham, and she wins one for free? Lucky buggers." "I keep telling them they need to buy a lotto ticket," says Liz, taking the bowl. "Who are these people?" says Edward, sliding a half-full jar to Liz, who slides it back and tells him to keep filling. "Friends of ours," I say, hopping down from my stool and going to the sink to wash the stickiness from my hands. "Dad and Harry went to school together, and they both ended up back in town. Harry never left, but Dad came back after he met my mum. None of us have any family close by anymore, so we all have Christmas lunch together every year." I smile at past memories. "We always have heaps of fun, and stuff ourselves silly." I take a peek at the thermometer in the pot, and notice it's nowhere near reaching temperature yet. "You leave that," says Liz, shooing me away. "Why don't you both get out for a bit. Go for a swim. You brought your bathers right, Bella?" I flush and nod, but Edward is already headed towards the stairs. "Good idea, Grandma. C'mon," he says, and disappears down the staircase, his feet thundering on the carpeting. "Take it easy, Edward!" calls Liz. She grins at me. "Go on. Make sure he doesn't drown in the river." I smile back, feeling suddenly shy, and make my way down the stairs. Once I get to the bottom, Edward is already out the back door. Slipping on my thongs and draping my towel over my shoulder, I join him. "I forget how nice it is here," he murmurs, and he's right. It is absolutely beautiful here. "I really need to come more often." "Why don't you?" I ask, feeling suddenly shy. "I mean, I've never seen you here before." "Dunno." He shrugs, and we start walking, our thongs thwacking as we walk, but barely making a sound above the piercing singing of the cicadas. "I think you've been away the times I've visited before." "Oh," I reply lamely. "When have you been here?" "Hmm," he says, stopping when we reach the shade of the large River Red Gum that sits beside the river. "A couple of years ago. I think you were in America a couple of times?" "For holidays, visiting my mum," I reply. "I try to go a couple of times a year." "Anyway, Grandma talks about you heaps," he says, pulling down the rope swing from its hook that is really a big nail hammered into the tree. "I think you were away on some of the weekends I came, too." As I think, I shrug and bite my lip. "Netball, probably. We've done a few overnighters." Edward grins as he pulls his t-shirt over his head. "I haven't met you before. Because if I'd met you, I definitely would've remembered you." And with that, he grabs the rope and swings out over the water, his grinning face the last thing I see before he plunges into the river. A/N: There's more to come. I'm hoping to finish around about New Years, but as I'm sure you all understand, this year can get a little crazy. I'll do my best! I wish you all a very happy Christmas, whether it's filled with snow, sunshine, or somewhere in between! Mags xx