me on. His jeans fell to his knees in seconds and my hands clutched at his firm ass, pulling him harder into me. In my hurry to touch him, I hadn't registered that he'd managed to unzip my skirt and unbutton my blouse. His lips skimmed down my neck and met his right hand at my right nipple. They worked in harmonious tandem as his left hand moved lower and he slipped a finger intomy wet channel. "Oh, God!" I gasped as he added a second finger. His mouth popped off my hard nipple. "God isn't here," he breathed over my aching breast, "it's just you and me." To prove his point, he pumped the fingers in my core while flicking my clit with his thumb. "Edward…" "That's better," he crooned before taking my lips in another crushing kiss. His ass flexed under my hands. I could feel my wetness leaking out of my pussy, through his fingers. I should be embarrassed at my lack of control. I wasn't. "Bella, I need, I need more of you. Please." My heart soared while my body clenched at the pleading in this beautiful man's voice. "Bedroom," I panted. I groaned loudly when he pulled his beautiful fingers from my center. "Don't worry I'll take care of you." He promised with a quick kiss. I leaned heavily on the wall while Edward unceremoniously pulled my skirt and blouse off. He leaned down to finish removing his jeans and shoes. Unabashedly, I allowed my eyes to soak in the view. I knew he was beautiful, but an unclothed Edward took my breath away. "I feel the same way." His eyes found mine as he stood up. How did he know what I was thinking? I took his hand and walked us down the hallway to my bedroom. I couldn't explain where the strength came from but for the first time I acted like the strong, confident and passionate woman, Edward said he saw in me. "On the bed. Now!" I ordered. "Yes ma'am." Seeing his long, lean body laid out on my lavender, Calvin Klein comforter had every cell in my body screaming, ' mine! ' Remembering every porn movie I'd seen, I crawled up onto the bed on all fours and made my way up his body to straddle his waist. His hands encircled my waist as I leaned over him to turn on my bedside lamp. I'd never had a twenty-two-year-old man before. I wasn't going to pass up watching every toned muscle move as he took me. "God, you're beautiful," he moaned as my weight settled on his hard cock. "God isn't here," I smirked, throwing his words back at him while rubbing my pussy on his shaft. "Oh, someone thinks she has the upper hand." I squealed as Edward flipped us so that he was the one doing the rubbing. My legs clenched around his waist as my hands tightened on his shoulders. Edward's beautiful green eyes were darkened with lust. "As you've probably guessed, I like strong women. And we'll explore that part of your character later. But first, there's a part of you I want to explore more." The sound of my expensive panties being ripped from my body should have pissed me off. It didn't. "Fuck! Look at you. You're dripping." Edward held up two fingers. My arousal was evident on his long digits. In a flurry, my bra was removed, as were his briefs. "I can't wait. I'm sorry, but I need you now." I nodded and watched as he magically produced a condom. Sensing my confusion, Edward explained his trick. "Um, I grabbed it out of my jeans. I figured you'd want me to wear one." "Thank you." I was grateful that he'd remembered to act sensibly. After Jake, I'd decided to give my body a break from the hormones. I wasn't on birth control. I watched as he rolled the condom onto this considerable length and positioned himself at my waiting entrance. "Look at me," he ordered. I tore my eyes from where we were almost connected to look into his eyes. "I want you with everything I have, but I will walk away right now if you can't tell me you've put our age difference behind us. From now on, I want us to be just Bella and Edward. Two people exploring this world together in an equal partnership. Please tell me it's okay. Please." Despite the intimate position our bodies were entangled in, I felt that his words had stripped him more naked than the loss of his clothes had. "Edward," I cupped his jaw in my hands, drawing him in for a long kiss. His cock pushed at my swollen labia as his tongue pushed into my mouth. He drew back from the kiss, his eyes searching mine, "you're the smartest, funniest, sexiest and most capable man I've ever met. You constantly amaze me with the kindness you show everyone around you. For the last year, I'd denied myself the chance to be with the most amazing man I've ever met. I'm not going to let a paltry ten years get in the way of our chance at finding something real. If you want me, I'm yours." I was amazed at how easily the truth fell from my lips. Edward smiled sweetly for a moment and then his eyes darkened with lust. I barely had a moment to hold onto his broad shoulders before he filled me completely. He caught my gasps with his mouth before pulling away and setting a delicious rhythm inside me. "Then I hope you can keep up because I plan to keep you for a very long time." "Oh, I think I can keep up just fine." Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x