and spreading it down my shaft, moving my hand faster. Fuck, she looked so hot like that. I bit my lip and moaned. She stopped moving her hand, and fuck, it made me want to weep. She skated close to me, removed her hand from her panties and held her fingers up to my lips. "Suck," she said softly. "Please." I leaned in and wrapped my lips around her fingers, moaning at the slight tangy taste of her already on them. I swirled my tongue around, gathering as much as I could. She removed her fingers from my mouth and skated backward. Slipping her hand back into her panties, she started touching herself again. And all I could think was... if only I could actually see what she was doing. It was driving me insane. "Tell me what it feels like," I said, fisting my dick harder and thrusting faster. "Are you wet for me?" "Yes," she moaned, closing her eyes briefly before they opened again and she eyed my hand. I slowed the motion of my hand, giving her a good view of me stroking myself; her hand picked up speed and she whimpered. I could hear the sound of her fingers sliding in and out of her pussy—the sound was fucking incredible. "I can hear how wet you are... I can hear the sound of you fucking yourself with your fingers. Fuck, Swan, I want to be inside you. But not here, not right now. Right now, I want you to make yourself come. Can you do that for me?" She nodded her head, hand picking up just a little more speed, her breath coming out in pants. I sped up the motion of my hand as well, thrusting my hips a little harder and faster. She slid her free hand up the outside of her tank top and squeezed one of her breasts, pinching the nipple and rolling it between her fingers; her head tilted back and she released the sexiest groan. I licked my lips then told her, "I would suck on those luscious tits of yours... fuck, I bet they'd look good in my hands. Maybe I'd even stick my dick between them and fuck them. Would you let me do that?" "God… yes." "I bet my cock would look good between your tits. I bet it would look phenomenal pounding your pussy, too." I could feel my balls tightening. "I bet you'd like that, wouldn't you? Me, fucking you." "Yes, yes, Edward. I'd liked that!" "Pretend your fingers are my cock, baby; pretend it's me in there. Pounding into you, hitting that spot inside that makes you scream." She whimpered and shuddered; she was getting close. Her eyes were still glued to my cock, which I was stroking without falter, and the look of lust in her eyes nearly made me come. "You want that, don't you? I want it, too. I want your pussy clamping down on my cock, milking me dry. I want to taste your pussy... I want to make you scream my name... I want my cock in your mouth." Fuck, the things I would do to this girl if she'd let me. "You want that? Tell me you want it just as much as I do." "Yes... God… please." "Name the time and place, baby." I watched her fingers pumping in and out, and knew it would soon be over. I could feel the tension creeping up my spine, my hips thrusting faster and faster. "You gonna come, baby?" "Yes... yes!" she cried out. Her hand, unbelievably, sped up even more, before she finally threw her head back and her mouth dropped open in a silent scream. I followed right after—all over her jersey. We both stood there panting for a few minutes, before looking at each other. Then, as if becoming aware of our surroundings all of a sudden, we both glanced around quickly and breathed a sigh of relief—from our orgasms and the fact no one had seen us. "Well, Masen, I'll give you one thing... you sure do know how to celebrate." We burst out laughing. x0x After we'd put everything away, we went to our dressing rooms to clean up and change. I laced up the laces on my sneakers and walked out in the hallway to see her standing there. I realized I didn't even know her name, and a wave of shame came over me. "So… I, uh… didn't catch your name before." She smiled at me. "It's Bella." "Well, Bella, are you doing anything for dinner tonight?" She looked at me and bit her lip. "You don't have to take me out, Edward. I wasn't expecting anything more than… well, you know." "I know I don't have to, I want to." She looked up at me, searching my face for a few seconds before nodding her head. "Okay, sure. Why not?" We picked up our bags and headed out into the parking lot. Our cars, surprisingly, weren't the only two left in the parking lot. I saw him before he could even say anything. "Shit," I mumbled. "What is it?" Bella asked. "It's that fucking reporter, James—the one who published that off-the-cuff quote of mine. You don't have to say anything; we can just ignore him." We started to walk toward our cars, and we'd almost made it before he spoke. "You two are leaving rather late. Care to make a statement for the press?" "No comment," I said through gritted teeth. "I made all the comments about the charity event earlier, during the press conference." Bella, on the other hand, stopped and turned around. "I have something to say, actually." I looked at her in shock... What was she doing? James shoved his recorder in her face. She looked at me, a gleam in her eye, and simply said in a sweet voice, "Edward's post game celebration skills are epic." I was going to have my hands full with that one.