with the flood of emotions that slammed into me. I did my dutiful diligence as Charles Swan's daughter … but now this? "It's good to meet you." I could feel the tears threatening to wash over me again. I needed out of here. I couldn't be near him. I needed an escape. I stiffened my body, quickly composing myself. "I'm sorry, but I need to excuse myself for a few minutes." My father nodded as he continued to mindlessly speak to Edward. I practically ran from the room, feeling those emerald eyes following me. My only thought was escape. I would run and figure out my plan later. I didn't even realize where I was until the doors of the elevator began to close. Immediately I was paralyzed with anguish. I began to slide down the wall when a set of hands gripped my arms. My body was pulled into a tight cocoon. I knew the arms, the hardness of the body. I cried out, slamming my fists into him. "Why … Was it all a joke, just a way to humiliate me?" The devastation in his voice was astounding, "God, no. I could never ..." His body shook as he clung to me. I slumped down, the last of my energy draining from my body. He scooped me up and carried me bridal style off the elevator. I whimpered as he held me tight. We entered one of the rooms, and he sat us on the bed, rocking me back and forth. The only words spoken were his. The words repeated over and other. "I'm sorry." "I'm sorry." The desperation spoke for him. He knew what he had done to me. I needed to understand. I latched on to his shirt, not wanting it to end yet. I knew that once we left this room, my dreams would be forever shattered. I wasn't sure if this was a good thing or not. "Why?" I wept. His voice was barely more than a breath as he spoke. "I realized who you were after you fell asleep. I couldn't bring myself to let you think that I only wanted you because of your father." "How did you not know?" I questioned his truthfulness. "You made yourself a mystery this weekend." He whispered. "I asked everyone, but no one knew who you were. I paid off the front desk to give me a room number when you walked out of the hotel. I followed you to the club. I needed to be with you, name or no name." I listened but still felt my world crumbling. "My instinct was to run after that; to have you believe that it had all been an unfilled fantasy." His broken words slowly penetrated my heart. "I didn't think till afterwards … we felt something; something that changed me forever. Neither of us could think it was an empty dream." I could hear the truth in his words, but it didn't change anything. My heart was fighting a battle; destroy him or love him. "I want you. I need you. You've become my everything in a few, short, stolen hours. We have a connection, Bella." He was pleading for me to hear the truth. Little did he realize, I heard it, but I was torn about whether to give in or leave. "But, what about my father?" "I don't care. He can destroy me as longas I don't lose you." I could hear the fear in his voice. My father would never allow us to be together. He was powerful and could ruin Edward. If he thought Edward had seduced me for monetary gain, Edward would be destroyed. "You hurt me." I whispered. He kissed my forehead. "I died when I saw your shattered spirit." "We can't be together." I didn't know if I was asking or stating the words. He cupped my chin in his hand, pulling me up to him. "We can be anything you want us to be, Bella. You own me, now and forever." I looked into his eyes, expecting to see deceit and fraud. Instead, all I saw was hope and fear. He was afraid of losing me for a mistake he had made. He had walked away and believed it had cost him everything, but it didn't matter to him. He was here, trying to right a wrong he had made. "Nothing about this weekend seems real." I replied softly, my confidence slowly rebuilding. "You almostbroke me, butI do understand why you left." "But you can't forgive me?" His voice was shaking with terror. "I can forgive your mistake." I willed myself to touch his lips with mine. I leaned down and pulled my pant leg up, exposing a piece of art he hadn't seen, thanks to my man beaters. "I live by this motto every day." He looked down, awe sparkling in his eyes as he read the words ... Learn from yesterday Live for today Hope for tomorrow His finger traced over each letter of each word. It was like he was imprinting the meaning into his heart. As I watched his finger trace over the patterns on my leg, I saw a small touch of ink that I know hadn't been there last night. I pulled up his sleeve and found a freshly inked tribal swan on his inner arm. I looked up at him, my eyes wide in shock. "When?" "This morning," He said softly. "I thought if I couldn't keep you, I could have a reminder of you with me forever." "I don't care what happens, Edward."I would live by my life's motto. Hope was all I had at this point. "You need to spend the rest of your life with me, making it up to me. I don't want to be without you." He tenderly kissed me. "I can't be without you, Kitten.The rest of our life will never be long enough to prove how much I love you." "Well,forever works perfectly for me."