think of changing. Finish eating, I've got better things to do with my morning." Her eyes nearly bugged out of her head. "What things? And you love me? And you tell me that right after you tell me I'm ridi…" Her words were cut off by a very determined pair of lips. There was silence for a moment, before he pulled away. Grabbing the hem of her t-shirt, he pulled it over her head with a remarkable efficiency of movement. "Oh nice, no bra," he smirked. Before she had time to remark on that or anything else, he had tossed her onto the bed and was hovering over her, with a dangerously sexy look in his eyes. "I love you, and I am now going to make love to you. Anything you want to say to that?" She nodded. "I love you. Now get on with the good stuff, please. My aunt and uncle will be home this evening. We're working on a deadline here." He sniggered, before pulling off his own t-shirt. He was in remarkably good shape for a man of forty. Plus, the renovations he had been working on over the last four months had added definition to his muscles. Bella reached up to touch his chest. She had seen it once from her window, but being able to touch it, taste it… she was lost in her explorations, pushing him onto his back and randomly nipping, sucking and licking as she made her way over his torso, and down to his navel. Her hand dipped lower, cupping and teasing his hard length through the cotton of his sweatpants. He sat up, pulling her to him so that their bare torsos pressed together. Her nipples hardened into sharp nubs of sensation and she writhed against him, needing more friction. He soothed her, stroking the silken fall of her rich brown hair over her shoulder and down her back. Their lips met once again, in a soft kiss, then again, deeper, and sweeter than ever before. He lay her down and kissed her again, moving his fingers with feather-light touches, over the curves of her breasts, down her sides and back again. She stifled a moan as his fingers brushed against the sensitive skin of her belly. His hands grasped her hips firmly, as his thumbs traced feather light circles on her abdomen that had her squirming with want. "More?" he asked softly. "More," she pleaded. The instant his fingers moved off her skin, she almost protested, until she realized that they had merely moved a few inches south, to skim under the waistband of her pajama bottoms. Her eyes closed in anticipation, as he pulled them off, leaving her covered only by her pink cotton bikini briefs. Her eyes shot open. Her pink cotton panties, that had a small hole or two near the waistband. She moaned, this time in mortification, and tried to turn over and hide under the pillows. Why could she not have worn sexy, non-holey lingerie? Why, God, why? A deep chuckle brought her back to the situation she had just been trying to hide from. He was laughing at her! "Sweetheart, I'm not laughing at you," he said, with a wry grin. "But I think you don't realize it's you that makes everything you wear sexy, not the other way round." "Huh? Did I say all that aloud? Oh great! Now you think I'm a crazy slob with torn underclothes. Just ignore me." And with that, she buried her head back under the pillow, sticking her butt up and waving him away. A sharp sting on her backside had her gasping and facing him again. "You stick your delectable ass up like that, and expect me to just walk away? Now come here so I can make you feel better," he demanded, pulling her over to straddle him, stroking and kneading her ass, and pulling down her hips against his, while dropping kisses across her torso. By the time he nuzzled her breasts, bringing first one and then the other to peaked perfection with his lips and tongue, she was well on her way to forgetting her own name, let alone what she may or may not have been wearing. His lips were kind of magical like that. "So," he murmured from the vicinity of her navel, fingering the waistband of her panties. "Are you very attached to these?" "No," she groaned. "I'm throwing them away. In fact, I might have to clear out half my underwear drawer." "Hmmm, in that case..." He stuck a finger in the tear and ripped the panties right off her. Before she had registered anything other than the slight sting where the material had pressed against her softness before it gave way, Edward was already soothing her with his soft lips. His tongue joined in, and he sampled her eagerly, a hand on her hips holding her down gently. For a while, her world was nothing but sensation, as his tongue traced the route to her own private nirvana. When she finally came down from her high, he licked his lips, picked up the torn scraps of pink cotton and said, "I'll help you with that clearing out you were talking about. One pair of torn panties at a time." She grinned at him. " S'il vous plait , sweetheart." Translations: De rien: It's nothing S'il vous plait: Please Merci: Thank you Au revoir: Good bye/ Till we meet again Bonjour: Good day Bonsoir: Good evening Cherie: my dear Ça va bien: Ça va is used in conversation to ask 'how are you/how is it going', to which the response Ça va bien is used to mean 'it goes well/I'm fine'. omelette du fromage : Cheese omelet Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x