with an arm around my breast, pulling me forcefully against his chest. "Bella, stop," he hissed in my ear. "Stop struggling, it will make this much easier if you don't resist." But I couldn't stop. I clawed at his arm and kicked against his legs. "Let me go!" I yelled. "Let me go!" I reached for the kitchen island and the drawer I knew held Daddy's collection of knives. My father had done me a great service by teaching me to defend myself. I stumbled, grasping for a blade. The steel I held in my hand parted Emmett's—Edward's—skin and allowed me to free myself from his hold. I spun toward him, blade first, and felt the fabric and flesh rip under the pressure of my swing. His grunt of pain hurt me as I knew I had caused it, but the thought of my father's lifeless body slumping to the floor minutes before quelled all concern for the demon I'd wed. The gun fell from his grip in surprise, allowing me the moment I needed to reach for it and gain control. I lifted and steadied the heavy metal and watched as he slowly raised his hands in surrender This Wasn't Over. "Walk," I ordered, following him out the back door and toward the dock where Daddy's fishing boat was tied —- Him She'd never know the part she played in that finale. I cried for mercy, stalling her finger on the trigger, as long as I could while Peter Silayev—my handler, poised to extract me—stalked silently toward us from behind her. I told her I knew about the baby. Of course, I knew. I told her a small truth in a big lie. I did love her. As much as any man can love a woman he knows nothing about; one who knows him even less. However, I'd promised to take care of her, and, from one father to another, I would keep my word. "Please don't do this. We can get away, we can get out. All I want is you, Bella. You're everything. Think of the baby." "I am thinking of the baby!" she screamed at me, her words hoarse and pained. "We can fix this," I assured her. Her heart and emotions might have been collateral damage in this game, but her life and the baby's didn't have to be. "My government … they'll fix it. People like us, we're survivors, babe—" "Don't you dare call me that again." She pulled the trigger just as Peter reached her and pushed a rag, soaked in chloroform to her mouth. The bullet missed its objective—my heart—by many feet, and I rushed to her to check her pulse. She was alive and breathing evenly, but we had no time to lose. I lifted her into the general's boat, and Peter helped me untie it from the dock and push out into the midnight black ocean to meet our escape. —- Now Her Moscow, USSR January 2, 1987 The cell is damp and musty, so symbolic of my rotting life. Moscow is cold in autumn, freezing in winter, and it's been many seasons since I saw my daughter. I don't even know what Edward has named her—though probably some Russian name that will mean nothing to me, like Natalia, Tatiana, or Katerina. I try not to think of her, because with thoughts of her, come thoughts of him, and painful, aching memories of our failure. I gave birth to her in this small cell; labored for hours and nearly died of the hemorrhaging. They should have let me die, but they were too cruel, even at my most vulnerable moment. Edward held my leg and whispered encouragement, and I hadn't the strength to push him away and his child from my body at the same time. Then he took her from me. Scooped her from my arms and followed the doctor from the room as black took over my vision. That was so long ago. Rusted locks squeak and protest the key twisting within, and the hinges require a bit of muscled encouragement to release and allow the visitors—guards or KGB or worse—access to my cell. Worse, indeed. The sight of him used to pull such thrilled responses from my soul; now he's only a reminder of how much his lies have damaged me. This time, he isn't alone. A little red-haired girl toddles in beside him, dressed in a fur-lined coat and mittens as she enters my prison. My little American-Soviet girl, filled with a life I'll never know or understand. "Tanya," he says, urging her deeper into the dank room. Tanya . My heart bleeds, swollen and infected by the painful closeness of her beautiful face and sweet childhood, which still remain so far out of my reach. I hate Edward. I hate what he's done. I hate that he continually asks and pleads for me to accept this evil empire and spurn the one I've spent my life knowing, to do it for him, for her . I hate him more than I ever loved the façade of the world we created. " Mamochka ?" My eyes, so tired and exhausted from the psychological torture I've endured … Exhausted from my displaced world, flash to life. She knows me. She knows who I am; he's brought her here to see me, her mother, who lives in squalor. In chains. A prisoner. This is the worst form of suffering, because how is a mother to deny her child? I lift my arms in surrender. I want to be with her, even if it means becoming a slave of the Soviet Union. I only want to be with my daughter. If it is possible, I hate him even more now. He will pay. Daddy taught me well. Revenge is a dish best served cold. Ice fucking cold. Luckily for me, Russia is freezing, and maybe his intestines can provide the main course. Retribution will come soon. Someday. Somehow. —-