into bed. "How are you feeling?" I asked. "Honestly?" I nodded. "Better than I ever thought I would be right now, but then again, I thought I would be dead, so…" She shrugged. I shuddered, thinking how close I had come to losing her. "Well that was the past, so no more dwelling on it." "Right." I nodded. "No, I mean it. What happened then, we don't need to keep revisiting it. It serves no purpose." "What are you talking about?" I asked. "You keep apologizing for leaving me." "I know I do, I am sorry. I just want you to forgive me." "Oh Edward, there was never anything to forgive. You only did what I didn't have the guts to do. It is time for you to forgive yourself. Or we will never be able to move on." She said softly, her hand grazing my stubbly cheek. I blinked. Was she right? Did I really loathe myself? Yes, I decided, I did. "I don't know if I can." I said to her. "You have to or we don't stand a chance. Because every time you do something nice for me, or every time you say something sweet, or every day I wake up to you, I think you are doing it not because you love me, but because you feel guilty. I can't live like that." "You don't think I love you?" I asked. She hesitated. "Jesus Christ Bella! You think I am here because I feel guilty? I almost lost you…forever. You almost died! How do you think that made me feel? I was scared out of my mind thinking you were going to die from a disease you didn't feel the need to tell me about! You were sick for months. Months! And you kept me in the dark! Did you not think I could handle it? Did you think I would bail? Oh wait, I did! I am just…" "Wait, are you mad at me?" Bella asked, incredulously. I stopped to think about that for a minute. I was. I was pissed off at her. "Yes, I am. I am so fucking angry at you I could choke you." I told her and I felt instantly better. She looked at me, blinking before she burst into laughter. "Why are you laughing? This isn't funny." "Yes, yes it is. I don't think you should be mad at me about not telling you about my illness and you are. And you think I should be mad about you leaving me, but I'm not. How is that for fucking irony?" She pointed out. I started chuckling. "We are quite a pair." I stated, shaking my head ruefully. "Yes, yes we are." She said softly. "You know what I said about fate and that maybe we weren't meant to be together?" I sobered up. "Yeah." "I think I was wrong." "Yeah?" "Yeah." She nodded. "I'm glad you were wrong." I moved closer to her and wrapped my arms around her, settling my head on her chest, listening to her heartbeat. "Me too." "Hey Bella?" "Yeah?" "I didn't need that map in the glove compartment after all." "You didn't?" I could hear her smile. "No, I knew my way home because my home has always been with you. It just took me a while to see that. And you were right about one thing." "What was that?" "No matter where I went, I would never have this with anyone else." "Edward?" "I think you just forgave yourself." She said. "I think you're right." That was the day I started living. October 2015 "I had a dream once. Well it was a nightmare really. I dreamed that you were gone and that I was alone. I was miserable and terrified and lost and no matter where I looked I couldn't find you, but then I woke up and there you were, in my arms, where you belong. One time that nightmare almost became a reality and I realized that life is short and precious and should never be taken for granted. And I haven't, not in the three years since then. We have come a long way and I am confident that this day is an ending of one era and the beginning of another. A wonderful bright future filled with love, warmth and soon, a child to call us Mommy and Daddy. So it is with a sure heart and a sound mind that I pledge my everlasting love, faith, and trust to you, my wife. With this ring, I thee wed." ' I slipped the ring on her finger and looked deeply into her warm, teary eyes. She was as breathtaking as ever. Looking at her you couldn't tell she had ever been sick a day in her life. We still had doctor's visits but she was in complete remission. Three months ago, her oncologist had shared big news with us. My Bella was pregnant. We hadn't even been trying, as we had just become engaged. But we just laughed and cried and moved our wedding up. We moved into a nice three bedroom home in the suburbs and I had bought her a family car. We were doing well in our careers after taking a yearlong leave of absence. We had taken the time to rediscover each other and were more in love now than before. I was so engaged in her eyes I didn't hear the minister say the words. "Edward." "What?" "You can kiss me now." She smiled. "Oh!" Ignoring the laughs I gathered her into my arms, bent her backwards and planted a kiss on her she would never forget. She breathlessly laughed as I brought her back up. "It is my supreme honor to introduce to you for the first time to Drs. Edward and Bella Cullen. What God has joined together, let no man put asunder." Looking at my wife I knew… This day was the first day of the rest of my life.