want to come in your mouth. Not this time at least." He panted, winking at me. He was still gloriously hard; I ran my hand slowly up and down his shaft as he pulled me toward him by my hip. He kissed me hard, thrusting his tongue into my mouth. I sucked on his tongue, causing him to grunt and thrust against me. We both pulled back from the kiss, panting. He unclasped my bra and I allowed it to fall from my arms to the ground. I pushed my panties down my legs, stepping out of them as he tugged me closer. He gripped me around the waist and lifted me, turning to set me on the seat of the bike. Kissing me again, he massaged my clit with his fingers, rubbing quick little circles. My head fell back against the tree, my hips moving, chasing his fingers for more friction. He took a nipple in his mouth, sucking lightly, as he thrust two fingers into my aching pussy. I widened my legs, allowing him to go deeper, and gasped at the sensation. He set an almost punishing rhythm with his fingers, brushing against that spot deep inside that I could only ever reach with my vibrator. My legs started shaking; I could feel my walls clenching around his fingers. He dropped to his knees, bringing his lips and tongue to my clit. He alternated between flicking my clit with his tongue and sucking on it. My orgasm ripped from me without warning. Spots dancing in front of my eyes. He didn't stop or slow his speed in the least, doubling his efforts. I pushed at his head, trying to get him to stop, the sensation was too much. Before I knew it, I was coming again… hard. "Edward, oh God… please. Stop. I need you inside me. Please." He finally stopped his glorious torture, reaching for his pants and removing a condom. He rolled it on his cock, still long and thick and hard. Getting to his feet, he again lifted me, this time from the bike; placing my feet on the ground and holding me until my shaky legs could hold me. He fiddled with the bike for a second, pushing it against the tree and checking its movement, before sitting on the seat. "Come here, Bella," he whispered, taking me by the hand. When I was close enough to him he kissed me again. I could taste myself on his lips, and while it was never been something I'd enjoyed before, I found I really didn't mind with him. Again he lifted me easily off the ground, the only sign of my weight being the bulging of his muscles. I realized that he had even more tattoos on his chest. "One day you're going to tell me about these, yes?" He kissed me. "Of course. Anything. I'll tell you everything, Bella." I smiled. Realizing that he wanted me to straddle him on the bike, I placed my legs outside of his and started to raise myself to slide down on his cock. He stopped me, pushing gently until I was lying back with my head near the handle bars. He leaned over me, gripping his cock in one hand and my hip in the other. He lined himself up with my entrance and pushed inside. Damn, he was bigger than anyone I'd had before. I could feel the burn, that delicious stretch as I accommodated him. He grunted, pushing in slowly. "Fuck, you're tight." I shrugged. "It's been awhile," I told him, smirking. "Bella, the last thing a guy wants to hear about before he fucks a girl is about her being with another guy." I laughed, he groaned as the motion made my walls clench around him. "I'd say I'm sorry but..." I shrugged again. He pushed harder and my back arched. He set a comfortable rhythm, allowing me to adjust to him, before quickening his pace. "Oh, fuck." I moaned. "You feel so good inside me." He grunted in response, then licked his thumb, bringing it to my clit and rubbing it. Quick, little circles that felt incredible and were a contrast to the pounding of his cock inside me. He alternated between hard and slow strokes, rotating his hips every so often. He leaned over, capturing a nipple in his mouth again. Using his tongue to mimic the motion of his fingers on my clit. "Oh, fuck, I can feel you fluttering around me." He panted heavily. "You gonna come for me, baby?" "Yes… oh, God… I… right there, don't stop, right there." I gripped his ass, holding him in place. Moving my hips faster and faster, grinding myself against his cock and his fingers, I shattered around him, my final cry echoing off the trees. He sped up his thrusts, going harder and faster. Finally they faltered and he thrust three more times, before I could feel him release inside me. He collapsed on top of me, panting. Sweat dripping off his brow. "Holy..." "...shit." We both laughed as I finished his sentence. We lay there for about a minute before I realized the gas cap was pressing between my shoulder blades and it wasn't a very pleasant feeling. I pushed him gently until he sat up. Edward slid gently from my body, though we both cried out at the loss of the feel of each other. He got off the bike, offering me a hand up. While he took care of the condom, I pulled my panties and bra back on. Now that the deed was done, I was feeling a little awkward. Edward didn't allow that, though. He came back, pressing a smacking kiss to my lips. "Hey, Bella?" "Yeah?" "Do you think you'll allow me to take you out now?" We both laughed. "Oh, yeah. I want another sweet ride." A/N: a little bit of birthday fuckery for my Annie.. if you see her wish her a happy birthday!