insane. I lifted her tiny skirt higher and started moving against her thin thongs. "Oh, Edward…" she sighed, arching her breasts into my palms and moving against me. "I don't think…I don't think we should go any further." And that's when I felt I was going to die. Swallowing thickly – and like I said, with no shame left in my game – I looked deep into her eyes. "Bella, if you want to stop, we'll stop, but I won't lie. I'm dying to get inside you." She gasped sharply, closing her eyes. "You're so damn sweet and sexy and dirty and…" – she chuckled – "so damn innocent at the same time." Then her eyes popped open. "Wait a minute, Edward. You've done this before, haven't you?" "Uh…yeah." She frowned skeptically. "Tell me you've done this before." "Kissed and felt up a girl. Yes." She pressed her lips tightly together, her hands frozen on my shoulders. "How much have you done, Edward?" "By how much have I done, do you mean-" "Has your dick ever been inside a vagina?" "Well…not…technically." She pushed me off her and quickly began adjusting her bra, re-fastening the clasp behind her before pulling down her skirt to cover her panties. "Wait, wait, wait," I said, panicking. "What are you doing?" She glared at me. "Edward, I'm not going to de-virginize you!" she hissed. "De-virginize is such a technical term." "You've never fucked anyone!" I opened my mouth to protest – but then closed it back up. Bella quickly stalked to the door, heels in her hands, but I reached for her arm before she could turn the doorknob. "Bella, wait! Wait!" She turned around, crossing her arms against her chest. "No," I breathed. "No, I've never had sex," I scowled, "but…but I think that's just because…I've been waiting for you." She pursed her lips, quirking a brow and began to turn around again. "Wait!" With a deep breath, she faced me once more. "Bella, I swear, I know that sounds like a line, and maybe it sort of is, but…look," – I raked a hand through my hair – "the truth is, I've never wanted to make love to anyone as much as I want to make love to you. Is that wrong? I mean, shouldn't you lose your virginity to the one person you want more than anyone else in the world? That's what you are, Bella. You're the one person – even for those nine years that you were gone – that I've always wanted more than anyone. I know you didn't mean to, but Bella, you ruined me for every other girl. I never even realized it, but…all this time, I've been measuring them all against you. Is that wrong? Anyway," I sighed. "I don't think it is. And I don't think losing my virginity to you would be wrong at all. I think it would be absolutely…perfect actually." I dropped my head then, disappointment and bewilderment swimming in my mind, and just as I expected her to walk out, she wrapped her arms around me, and there was no stopping us at that point. I took her to the bed and we made short work of our clothes, kissing while our breaths mingled together, and when I lined myself up at her entrance, I gazed into her eyes, and I knew that this was right, this was the moment I'd been waiting for. With a quick thrust, I was inside her, and she arched her back, wrapping her legs around me. I bit my lip hard to keep from crying out the way I wanted to because being inside Bella was nothing short of glorious. I thrust in and out, reveling in the absolute warmth and tightness I'd never before experienced. And before I knew it, that feeling welled up in my groin and I was shooting and spurting inside her. Yeah, it was quick, but I was a virgin. I couldn't have lasted long. And I was kind of embarrassed when I was done. I hid my face against her neck, breathing hard. "I'm sorry that was so quick," I chuckled. She laughed quietly, playing with the hair at the nape of my neck. "It's okay. It was sweet." I cringed. "Sweet isn't what a guy wants to hear about his sexual prowess." She met my eyes and kissed me softly. "Edward, trust me. Sweet is exactly what I needed right now. Was it good for you?" "It was magical for me," I told her honestly. Tired and spent, I rested my head on her warm breasts, and soon…I was asleep. XXXXXXX When I woke up in the morning, I stretched my arms wide, yawning, and with an inexplicable smile on my face. Until the evening before came back to me. Quickly, I turned over, only to find an empty space next to me on the bed. There was a note though: Dear Edward: I want to tell you…last night was the best night of my life – despite how quick it was. (JK). Seriously though, it was wonderful, Edward. You've grown into…a great guy. You're smart, and funny, and so very good-looking. But you're more than that. Edward, always stay as sweet as you are. Don't ever turn into one of those guys that need to prove what a man they are. You're tender and sweet and honest, and someday, you'll make some girl very lucky. Maybe if I'd been born ten years later, or you, ten years earlier… But we'll always have our one night, and I'm grateful for that. Take care of yourself, Little Brother. I'll think of you. Bella. I held the note against my chest, and closing my eyes, fell asleep again, dreaming of Bella. Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x