it over too soon. My hands find the hem of her tank and I lift it slowly, revealing the soft, flat skin of her abdomen. I raise the shirt above her breasts and look down to see them for the first time. I'm not sure if my gaze is making her uncomfortable. I can't find it in me in this moment to care. I finish taking her tank off and cup her breasts in my hands, rubbing her nipples before dipping down to take one in my mouth. Our position is awkward, I'm taller than she is, so I hook my arms under her thighs and lift her so her breasts are even with my mouth. I can feel her heat against my stomach. Damn, it's driving me insane. I suck a nipple in my mouth and free one of my hands to grip the other. She moans my name and grinds herself against my stomach. I pull her down so she's directly over my cock and kiss her again, tongue pushing into her mouth to the same rhythm as my hips pushing against hers. She starts bucking against me and God if I want to get this girl off something fierce. I may not be as young as I used to be, but years of farming have made me pretty strong and I let go of her legs to play with her tits. Kneading and squeezing, pulling on her nipples. Her moans are coming faster and her hips are steadily grinding and fuck me I will lose my shit if I come in my jeans and not inside her, so I reluctantly put my hands on her hips to stop her movements. She whines in protest. I kiss her once again, softly, tongues dancing and then lace our fingers and pull her off the wall. I lead her over to the hay bales, broken open and scattered on the floor. Grabbing one of the old picnic blankets we keep in the barn, I lay it over top. I turn to her and undo the button of her maddeningly short shorts, just as I suspected she isn't wearing any underwear. I cock my brow at her and she giggles. I push the shorts down her legs, kneeling in front of her. I lift her leg to untangle her shorts but instead of putting her foot down on the ground I drape her leg over my shoulder and lean in. Smelling her for the first time, it's like I've died and gone to Heaven. I lick at her slit and she grips my hair. I can't help but feast on her like I'm a starving man, and I am starving. Starving for all she has to give me. She tastes better than Sue's peach pie, and I moan my appreciation against her tender flesh. I trail my fingers up the inside of her thigh and push them inside, first one, then two. She's so fucking tight, and hot, and wet and I want to be inside her but I want to get her off first. It doesn't take long before she's clenching around my fingers and I raise my eyes to look up that the glory that is her face in pure rapture. The sounds of the storm outside have nothing on her cries echoing through the barn. She's that loud. I bring her down slowly, and remove my fingers. I stand up again, and cupping her face I kiss her again. She brings her hands to the buckle of my belt, slipping it through and undoing the buttons on my jeans. It's her turn to cock her brow as she realises that I too, am not wearing underwear. She giggles again, but stops abruptly as she takes me in her hand for the first time. I have to think of a myriad of things to stop myself from coming at her first touch. I feel like a virgin all over again with this girl. She pumps me slowly, not even able to fit her hand right around me and the sight is so sexy, it feels so good I have to stop her. She looks so disappointed and I have to kiss the pout from her lips. I remove her hand from my cock and motion for her to lay down on the blanket. Once she's settled and I can see that she's ready for me, I pull a condom from my wallet, tear the package and roll it on. I get down on my knees between her spread legs and give her one last out. "Are you sure, Bella? We can stop." She frantically shakes her head no. "I want this, Edward. I want you." I settle myself down over her, and gripping my cock place it at her entrance. I kiss her as I push inside and we both gasp at the feeling. I give her a second to get used to me before pulling out slowly and pushing back in. Her head falls back and she moans, her hands coming down to grip my ass. We find a rhythm that suits us both and we're panting and mumbling incoherently, both telling each other 'how good it feels' and 'yes, there, more, harder'. I can feel her walls fluttering and I grunt into her mouth, my eyes rolling back in my head. And as lightning streaks the sky and thunder rumbles we call our completion to the air; voices echoing around the empty barn. xox We both doze off, and wake to the sound of a phone ringing. I can feel Bella moving and grabbing her shorts. She pulls the phone from her pocket and answers. It's Charlie calling to see if she's okay, he was worried about her being out in the storm. "I'm fine, Dad," She tells him, looking and me and smirking a sexy smirk. "Edward took care of me." I stifle my laugh into my arm. Oh, I took care of her all right.