her palms cupped over the muscle of my shoulders and arms. Then winding her arms around my neck she pulled me in for a long, passionate kiss. Tongues searching and finding each other, she let out a groan of pure pleasure into my mouth. She nudged me off her legs where I'd still been positioned. I moved so we were both kneeling on the mattress, kissing with naked chests pressed close together. Her hands edged over the chinos I had on. Ripping through my belt and tearing through the side seams as if it were tissue paper. I savored the feel of her silky ass underneath her lace bikini. I'm sure it looked very nice too, but I'll never know, because I tore through the material, my hands roaming over bare skin as we knelt flush against one another, uncovered and naked and primed for more. We stayed there like that, my hard dick pressing against her stomach, strong arms hugging her to me as I kissed her, my tongue attempting to invade as far down her throat as I could. I could feel her leaning backwards, directing me to let her lie down. I released her a fraction, my lips never leaving hers as she lay back on the pillow. A lolled my body against hers, my hands roaming over the topography of her curves. The high jutting peaks of her breasts, the concave dip of her tiny waist, the swell of her feminine hips before they tapered down to her firm, velvet thighs. Up and down my fingers traced her curves, reveling in the perfection of her. Again my mind was bombarded with a fresh image. Pleasure, as my fingers explored her wet folds. Coating my fingers in her wet oily slick, I found her little pearl of pleasure. My finger circling it gently as I continued to kiss her lips. Then the image was gone, and I realized I'd been doing everything she'd been showing me in actuality. Now her hands were down over my dick. She gripped it firmly as she moved along the soft warm skin. Back and forth her fingers formed a ring, bringing me closer to my high. Rubbing and stroking along my shaft, my fingers continued the circles against her clit. I shifted my hand, sliding one finger over her opening, playing with the edges of the space I found there until a single finger slid inside of her warmth. She let out a soft moan as her hip bucked against my hand, pushing me deeper inside. I added another finger, reveling in the snug suction her pussy created. She hadn't slowed her reciprocal movements along my cock. Her grip firm and sure as it moved along me. We were both instinctively moving our hips in sync with one another. Slowly back and forth, her hands matching my fingers as we thrust against each other. Then she was shifting, moving her legs further apart, wrapping them around my hips as she directed my shaft to the tip of her dripping folds. I moved my fingers, slowly pulling out, savoring the warmth and the wet. I shifted so I was looking down at Nessie, our eyes meeting as she guided me to the very edge of her femininity. Her scent permeated the room, it hijacked my brain in a heated cloud of love and lust. I could feel her wet around the very tip of my head, it look all my strength not to nail her to the mattress then and there. " Do it Jake ." With that simple command, I was surrounded by my mate, I was inside my woman, making love to my imprint. Whatever noise she made, it must have been a pleasurable one because the wolf all but took over at that point, he was ravenous, pumping back and forwards. Building up and up, faster and faster as her hips met mine thrust for thrust. We'd stopped kissing, our faces pressed against each other as we rocked. My mind came back to itself and I heard Nessie's cries of pleasure as her climax began to mount. Her noises spured me on as I felt the ripples of her orgasm build and pull me in deeper and tighter. I drove into her depths, pumping and grinding, more and more as I felt the rush of pleasure build in my back, the electric sensation pulsed through my middle and then shot right down the length of my cock. My last thrust hammered into her so deep and so hard that we ended almost off the bed. A few more releasing pumps and I lay on top of her, spent and catching my breath. "Oh, Ness. I love you." I panted, kissing the soft point of skin behind her ear as her hands idly ran along the valley of muscle in my back. "That was incredible Jacob," she puffed. I rolled off her, my shaft exiting its warm, damp burrow as I twisted onto my back, shifting Ness into my arms and lying her head against my chest. We lay like that for several minutes, basking in the immense feeling we just experienced, happy to just be and to be lucky enough to be in each other lives. Ness leaned up on to her elbow, her long curls twisting over a nipple as her fingers reached up and lightly played with my lips. It tickled and tantalized simultaneously. "Does my big alpha need long to rest? Because I think I'd like to try that again." I smiled, rolling over and pressing her body into the mattress beneath us. The imprint always gets what the imprints needs. And sometimes it's what she wants too. Thanks for reading guys. Please review. I'd love for this one-shot to get its review numbers up. It doesn't have to be much, just quick 'hi' is enough. Also a big shout out to my Beta Aretee. You are always honest and open and my friend. So thanks.