guys too, so much that if I could I'd run all the way back to Florida just to have something to do. Things with my Uncle are still pretty weird, because even though he seems okay, I still don't know him. Tell Rachel that I said that she'll be okay and that I believe that she'll be able to fix things with Aaron, and if she can't, then she needs to kick his ass and tell him he's an idiot because she's a catch. Do not go commando on the gang, just tell them that if they keep complaining that I'll post that embarrassing clip on YouTube from my 16 th birthday, and don't think that I won't. I am cooping better than I was a week ago, but the pain is still there, and concerning school I am kinda worried about it. I hope tomorrow goes great for you. Love ya too, Steph While I waited for the email to send I started yet again to think about what school was going to be like for me tomorrow. Honestly I didn't know how I was going to deal with being in a new school, with no friends and having no clue where I'm supposed to go. Suddenly I heard a very loud slam noise that scared me so bad that I fell out of my chair and landed flat on my butt, which hurt pretty badly. "Stephanie, get down here right know" I heard my Uncle yell from downstairs. What the hell was he yelling for, I hadn't done anything wrong. As I slowly stood up, rubbing my butt as I start to walk to my door, I had a sudden thought that maybe something was wrong. I moved faster now as I pulled open my door and started to jog down the stairs. As I came into the hall which connected the stairs, kitchen, lounge, laundry and back door, I saw my Uncle standing there, with an angered look on his face. "What is it, what's wrong" I asked, worry coursing through me. I couldn't understand why he looked this way, but I hoped it wasn't something to do with me. "What the hell were you just doing" He demanded, spit spewing from his mouth, along with the sickening smell of beer; and a hard and cold look in his eyes. "I was talking to a friend from Florida" I said simply. What the hell was the matter with this guy? Was he drunk or something, and if so, what kind of drunk was he. "Did you do your chores" He demanded, which shocked me. What was he talking about? He didn't give me chores; I just cleaned when cleaning needed to be done, and since the house was spotless, he was basically talking nonsense at the moment. "What are you talking about, what chores" I asked, my voice thick with confusion and worry. I had known when I moved here that there was a side of John that he wasn't showing me, but I had never thought that it would be something like this. "Don't talk to me like that. Why hasn't the grass been mowed and why is the kitchen so dirty" He demanded. I looked out the front window and saw that the grass wasn't that long, and I knew for a fact that the kitchen was clean, because I had cleaned it this morning. "What are you talking about, there's nothing wrong with the grass or the kitchen, they're both perfectly fine, you however, I'm not too sure about" I said, my attitude finally pushing through my confusion and worry. Suddenly he raised his hand and in one quick movement he slapped me across the face with such an amount of force that I went toppling back onto the stairs, which caused an immense amount of pain to shoot through my back. It was so bad that I cried out in pain and tears started to leak down my cheeks. Suddenly I was grabbed by my wrist and pulled up off the stairs, causing my back to scream in protest and pain. I was flung into the wall that lead into the lounge room and suddenly John's arm was against my throat, holding me in place. I could have tried to get out of it, but suddenly he grabbed a beer bottle from the side table which sat near the front door, smashed it and held it in front of my face. "You listen to me you little bitch" He yelled, his arm pushing harder against my neck, making it harder for me to breath. "You are mine now, so I'm gonna give you a little hint. If you ever tell anyone what is going on, or fight back, or even try to run, I will kill you, and anyone you still care about if I have to" He smirked, and then moved away from me and let me fall to the floor. "I'll see you later my sweet little niece" He sneered, then he grabbed his car keys and walked out the front door, slamming it behind him. As I laid there, trying to get my breath back, I tried to think of a way to get out of this. I didn't know what he was capable of, and I knew I was a good enough fighter to fight him, but what was going to happen to me after that. After a few moments I was able to pull myself of the floor, though it hurt me very badly. I slowly walked over to the stairs and used the rail to pull myself up to my room. I walked into my room and shut my door behind me, and after I made sure it was locked I collapsed on my bed, and my last thought was, "What am I going to do." Okay guys, that is my first chapter. I really hope you guys enjoyed it and I look forward to you're reviews.