was bound and gagged, blood dripping from his face. He could barely walk and fell to his knees when whoever brought him got to Stefan and Vladimir. Daddy! Bella whimpered and whined, struggling against the hold Carlisle had on her. "It's okay, Bella. Stay here." Carlisle tried to keep his voice calm. My heart broke at the pain she was feeling, the anger of being held back. I knew how she felt and was about to head out there on my own when Emmett and Jasper finally came running up to where I was. They came to a stop in front of me, nearly out of breath. "What's happening?" Jasper managed to get out. "They have Charlie. He's their sacrifice." "Damn," Emmett cursed, his breaths coming out in quick pants. "Okay, here's what we should do." I quickly thought of a new strategy. But I watched in horror as that all fell by the wayside. Bella broke out of Carlisle's hold, unable to stand it any longer. She ran toward the steps where they stood and took out the final guards that stood with the brothers. Blood clung to her muzzle as she ripped and tore through muscle, forgetting about her aversion to the smell. She finally stood before Stefan and Vladimir, growling and snapping her jaw viciously. Neither of them seemed afraid of her, which was a mistake on their part. And, without another thought, Bella leaped at Vladimir. She knocked him to the ground and tugged at the necklace hidden beneath his tunic. When he tried to knock her off him, she bit his neck. I forgot to breathe until I saw her pull back with the necklace in her mouth. She tried to get out of the way, but wasn't fast enough. Stefan struck along her flank. I couldn't see exactly what hit her, but I could feel her pain. "No!" I screamed. Her body fell to the ground and I could no longer stay where I was. Emmett and Jasper tried to hold me back, but I felt like I could take on the world. Nothing could have stopped me as I raced to my Bella's side, hovering over her protectively. She had shifted back to her human form, tears falling unheeded down her face. Silence fell over the entire square. No one moved. It was terrifying. I instinctively created a barrier around Bella and myself. No one else could pass through unless I allowed it. "Do you see? Do you see why we have forbidden the use of enchantments! This is what happens when your fellow countrymen think they are above everyone else," Stefan called out, livid. "You had her father, Wardens. How would you expect her to react?" a man in the crowd called out. Mr. Weber, the village magistrate, I believed. Vladimir struggled to his feet, doing his best to cover the wound on his neck. "So any person who feels they have been wronged is justified to cause chaos? It is alright to use an advantage that very few others could reciprocate?" "Perhaps not, sirs, but didn't you just do the same to the girl?" Carlisle spoke up. He looked brave and in control as he faced our rulers. They glanced between each other, showing no sign that they were thrown. "I don't know what you mean, Doctor." Stefan looked back out to the crowd. My father stepped closer to the front, his steps sure and solid against the snow-covered ground. "Your attack on Bella. It was a magical attack, a dark form, if I'm not mistaken." Stefan's eyes widened, the lividity in his words returning. "Arrest him! He is spreading lies of your high warden's. Arrest him now and we allow you to return to your lives." I kept my focus on Bella as she coughed up blood. An interruption pressed into the shield I had around us and I looked up. Just over my shoulder was Rosalie. She was always one that kept to herself, never really even spoke to me. I looked back to Bella. "What do you want?" Rosalie cleared her throat daintily. "I might be able to help." "With what? Covering her in jewels? I think I'll take my chances." I squeezed her hand. "Do you want your little girlfriend to live? Then let me through." Rosalie huffed. Regretfully, I lowered the shield and waited for Rosalie to do whatever she had to do. She knelt down beside Bella, allowing her hands to hover just above the wound. A bright light shone around us and just like Bella, I could feel the wound healing itself. She gasped at the strange sensation, staring up at Rose in awe. When it was finished, Bella flung her arms around my neck tightly. She cried in relief. "Thank you," I mouthed to Rose. She nodded and made her way over to where Emmett stood. "Seize them! Listen to me," Stefan screamed. "I think it's time that we, as the citizens of Denali, take matters into our own hands." Carlisle turned to our neighbors and friends. "We can make things better. Govern ourselves and take care of our own. We don't need the wardens anymore." My focus turned back to Bella as the people went after Stefan and Vladimir. Someone released Charlie, allowing him and Bella their reunion. He held her to his chest, tears streaming down his hard features. She whispered something to him after a few minutes and he nodded his head. The chaos that was happening around us didn't really matter as long as Bella was alright. I released the connection I had to her mind and wrapped my arms around her waist. She smiled shyly up at me, chewing nervously on her bottom lip. "Do you still feel the same as you did this morning?" Pretending to think about it for a second, I hummed in thought. Bella shoved my chest playfully. With a quiet laugh, I pressed my lips to hers chastely. "I do. I definitely do."