what the look on my face is like, but he must see something that makes him change the subject, while I'm left trying to picture how that would go. What would it be like for Seth to meet Edward? Would they get along? I shake my head, clearing those thoughts. I can't let myself go there. After Edward pays the bill, "because it's a date, and I insist", we venture back out into the night. The faint melody of brass instruments fills the air, and Edward pulls me by my hand down the street until it's closer and louder. When we reach the next intersection, I can see three older gentlemen sitting on the opposite corner, blowing into their trumpets and saxophones. The melody is familiar, and Edward begins to hum along, taking me by the hand and pulling me into his chest. "Dance with me." "Here?" I ask, looking around at the mostly deserted street. "Yes." He holds me close, and we begin moving to the music—my cheek on his chest and one of his hands splayed across the bare skin on my back, the other hand holding mine and tucked under my chin. He rests his head on top of mine, and we sway. "You're ruining me." The words leave my lips just as a tear slips out of the corner of my eye. "How?" "No other man will ever live up to this." I'm only telling the truth, what I'm feeling in my heart. "That's what I'm hoping for." Suddenly, the world feels cruel and the what-ifs take over my mind. What if he were older. What if I were younger. What if we lived closer. What if, what if, what if… I take a deep breath, immersing myself in Edward, and push all of that away, if only for a night. Carpe diem and all that jazz. ***H*** The ride to the airport feels entirely too short. I've been near tears since last night. Edward and I haven't discussed my departure outside of the facts—when and where. Even last night, as we lay there in the dark, neither of us said a word. As the taxi pulls up in front of the departures gate, Edward hops out and waits for the driver to get my bags. "We can say goodbye here if you want." "No. You still have three hours before your flight leaves. I'll stay until you have to go through security." "OK." I know the longer we prolong the inevitable, the harder it's going to be. I don't want to say goodbye. I can't. I don't really know what I want, but I do know I want to see Edward again. As many conversations as we've had, we've never talked about what happens when we leave London. Sure, we've talked about what we're doing when we get back, but not what we are doing. I walk up to the ticket counter and wait in line to check my luggage and get my boarding pass. Every minute or so, I look over my shoulder to make sure Edward is still there. Just this little bit of distance has me on edge, and I kick myself for allowing these feelings to creep up on me like this. I knew I'd be going home. I knew this was just a holiday. I knew we would say goodbye and that this would always just be a fond memory. "How many bags, miss?" The attendant checks over my passport and begins printing out my documents. "Just two." "Did you have a nice holiday?" "The best." "We hope you'll be back to see us again soon." She smiles and slides my tickets over to me, taking my bags and placing them on the belt. This is it. I'm going home. Leaving London and Edward. I force back the tears that are threatening to fall and hurry back to where he's standing. We walk to the security line, and it's long. I know I need to go. The last thing I need is to miss my flight. Actually, that doesn't sound like a bad idea. "Hey." His finger tips my chin up. "What are you thinking about?" "I probably should go. This line is really long. It'll probably take me an hour to get through it." "Yeah." "I guess this is goodbye." I barely make it into his arms before my face breaks. I don't want him to see me cry. I feel weak and vulnerable. Edward's arms encase me, and he holds me so tight I feel like I can't breathe. "Don't hold me like you're never going to see me again," I tell him, pressed against his chest and wishing he'd never have to let go. "Then don't talk like this is goodbye," he counters. "This isn't goodbye," I retract, taking back what I said. I don't know how I know, but I do. In this moment, staring up into his beautiful green eyes, I know that what we have isn't just a holiday romance. It's real, and there's a chance we can make this work outside of London. It might not be easy or conventional, but nothing worth having is ever easy. And who needs convention? "Until I see you again," he says, smiling down at me, his arms still holding me tightly. "Until I see you again," I agree. He nods, twisting his lips into a smirk. "It's not going to be the same without you. These next few days are going to be hell, but just know that this has been the best holiday ever." "I couldn't have dreamed of a better one." I smile up at him, trying to memorize everything about him. "I wish every holiday could be with you." "That's what I'm hoping for." Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x