his back and his heart back in her hands where it belonged. Bella still found the time to say hi to me, to do my hair for the Spring Fling which was my first high school dance with an official date, Riley. Edward would nod at me in the hallway and because I was keeping my own romance a secret from my parents, it wasn't my dad but rather Edward who told Riley he'd 'kick his face in if he fucked me over' . It took me three weeks to convince Riley to look at me again, but, you know. He did. After they graduated, I heard they were planning to get married and I waited diligently for my invitation in the mail, but it never came. During my senior year of high school, long after the epic romance of Edward Cullen and Bella Swan had left the hallways of Forks High, I heard through the grapevine that they'd broken up for good. She moved to Seattle and he had a girlfriend he'd met when he, I kid you not, fixed her radiator. Maybe a great love doesn't have to last forever to be still be considered great. Maybe part of the epic is the tragedy of it all, the knowledge that it can't last. But perhaps that's just the fatalist romantic in me, because my own love is great and dammit, it's going to last. Riley and I would do long distance for a few semesters at our own separate colleges and then, where ever we would land, we would land together. When I was packing my room up the August after I graduated from Forks High, I came across an old snapshot in a shoebox under my bed, just under one of me and Tory at the Junior Prom. It was a photo of Edward and Bella, she was on his back in the auditorium and I was beside them, a gawky freshman next to that gorgeous couple, I was smiling like an idiot because at that point, I hadn't known my own love yet, but I'd seen how wonderful it was, just to stand near it. I tapped the photo against my chin a few times then climbed over my bed and opened my laptop and headed straight to Facebook to look up profiles I hadn't searched for in years. Edward Cullen had grown up, unsurprisingly, handsome and cool. In his profile picture he was standing on a dock in the middle of a lake, grinning at the camera. His hair was a little longer and nothing of a high school dream-boat remained, he was a man with the beginnings of a beard and narrow hips and there was a lightness in his eyes that had been formerly covered up by teen-age angst. He looked happy. He looked like maybe he felt like he was good enough. And his relationship status was single. I searched Bella and saw her balancing heel-to-toe on a curb in some city at night. Her hair was shorter, her smile fuller and that patchwork bag was strapped over her. I let my fingertip touch the screen and smiled back at her as though she could see me. A lot had changed. But maybe a lot hadn't. And, well, her relationship status was set to single. It took me minutes to scan and upload that picture and then tag two people in it. Then all that was left to do was stick my thumb nail in between my teeth and wait. You know, fate is strong and if something is meant to be, it will. But is that fool proof? Can you always trust it? And even if you can, who's to say that sometimes fate doesn't need some interference? Maybe I did it because I was feeling nostalgic as I was on the cusp of leaving behind Forks High, maybe I did it because I'm a meddler, but maybe I did it because I was called upon to. Again. I went back to packing but to be totally honest, I took a break every ten minutes to check in on my post. It took six hours, but finally, Bella Swan liked my picture and posted a comment. 'Love this one! I've never seen it. What's been up with you?' I messaged her back about Riley and graduation and she messaged me back with congratulations and all about the world of copywriting, which was her line of work. The next morning, Edward Cullen had liked my picture and left a comment of his own, just beneath Bella. 'Congrats on graduating, Graduate. Did I really look this douchey?' It was only seconds later when Bella responded. B: 'No. And Hi.' E: 'Hey, B. How you been?' B: 'Good. Can you believe what babies we were?' E: 'Best days of my life.' At this point, I was glued to my phone, watching it go down, one comment after another. B: 'How are you? You look good.' E: 'Yeah, you like this?' B: 'Exactly the same I see ' E: 'Some things changed. Some haven't.' B: 'Like what?' Me: Take it to messaging, you two. I'm not getting in the middle of this again ;) Five minutes later, I snooped and discovered they'd friended eachother. I won't lie. I wanted more, I wanted to step in and shout that they should always, always be together and all of that stuff. I wanted to be kept updated and I wanted them to know that even I could still feel it between them. But you can't do that. You can lead Edward to Bella or Bella to Edward, but now, just like then, I could only take them so far and then step back and hope for the best, hope those tiny moments of absolute and perfect love is enough. But really, that's the thing about epics. They go on and on and twist and turn. Just when you think it's over a whole new beginning can start.