let those moments pass me by, leaving me to kick myself for being such a pussy when it came to Bella, but the truth was, I was always a damn pussy when it came to that girl. "Don't leave me," she pleaded to me in a low voice that was flavored with irrational fear. It was adorable and heartbreaking to see her like this since this was not the Bella I knew. The girl I knew and secretly loved was bold. She knew I had to leave and wanted nothing but the best for me even if it meant that I had to leave her. We had discussed me leaving countless times before this moment and each time she was the one who encouraged me to go. She was the one who assured me that everything would be fine so to hear her so pleading for me not to go amazed me while breaking my heart just a little since I never wanted to leave her in the first place. "Bella, you know I have to. I promised Grandpa," I reasoned with her while feeling like a dick for telling her no. "But if you go everything will change," she whined to me with wide eyes and a scowl that made me want to smile while breaking my heart. "Things are supposed to change," I countered back with a smile that was supposed to be reassuring, but even I knew that there was nothing reassuring about my rational words. "Yeah, but Edward…" she half cried as I slipped a hand over her thigh to take hold of her hip. It was the most intimate I had ever been with her, and Bella barely noticed my touch. "The change… there will be other people. You'll have your life in Chicago, and I'll have mine," she babbled like only drunken girls can on as I watched tears fill her eyes. "What if your girlfriend hates me? What if she doesn't want you to talk to me anymore?" she rambled on, causing me laugh at her and her ridiculous statement. "What girlfriend?" I laughed loudly in her face as she rolled her eyes at me. "You'll have one," she retorted with a sad shake of her head causing her tears to fall warm upon my face. "Yeah, because I'm such a ladies' man," I said mocking the fact that I never dated, and she knew that all too well before continuing on. "Besides, all the girls I like never seem to notice me." "Then they're fucking imbeciles, Edward, because you are the best guy I know," she cried in a drunken manner, completely missing what I was trying to tell her. Her tears were hot on my skin as she leaned over me before pressing her face into the crook of my neck to hide her face as she cried. "You're being crazy, you know?" I soothed as I rubbed her back with soft strokes before tracing her spine. "No one could ever take your place, but you… you will have guys lining up to be with you, and I… I just don't know if I can take that, Bee. I mean, I know this weird, but…but I've always loved you. I mean, you know that I've always loved you, but I mean I love you, love you, " I confessed stupidly in a rush of words as I held her, knowing that it was truly was now or never when it came to the girl. I had no doubt she would go to Iowa City and find some boy that would never be good enough while I was forced to watch some asshole get the one girl I had always wanted. It fucking sucked, and this was the only chance I had to correct what was turning out to be my future with the girl. "Do you hear me? I love you. I think always have, and while I know this will be hard with being three hours apart, but I know we can do this, so what do you say?" I asked her as I felt my heart pounding my chest so hard I knew she could feel it as she rested upon me. I waited for her response, trying to remember to breathe, as she remained silent on top of me. When I could not take another second of her indecision I moved beneath her, shifting her over so that she was on side. It was only then that I discovered that she was asleep. She had slept through my declaration of love, and I had missed the more one opportunity to tell her what was in my heart. Slowly I moved Bella off of me before wrapping her up in what had always been my blanket. I would leave it for her to have since she had always loved it and claimed it as hers. Maybe when she had moved on from me, like I had no doubt she would. She would be able to curl up in my blanket and remember me with a smile. It was fucked up, but it was all I had left when it came to Bella Swan. "Take care of you, Pigeon," I whispered before pressing one last kiss on her cheek. I walked out; leaving her in my bed to sleep off the vodka that had wrecked what could have been our night. AN: Thanks for reading and thank you for taking a chance on this. A special thanks to Tracy for beta'ing this hot mess. Luv ya girl… This story The Pledge is a short little prequel to a new fic that I am working on as Playing for Keeps wraps up. It will be called Terms of Enticement, so if you are interested in what ten years apart does to this Edward and Bella place me on alert or come join my face book group Mamasutra Moments. And yes, for all you wusspervs this is a promised HEA. Xoxo Mamasutra