meant … in theory..." I stammered out, but Edward was only teasing me again. "In theory, I wanted to be the best pilot the Navy had ever seen. In practice … Well, you can't beat a cold beer and a Caribbean sunset." I knew there was more to Edward than he wanted to reveal, and my curiosity was piqued, but it wasn't my place to pry unless he actually wanted to tell me. Therefore, I kept my hundred questions to myself. We continued to climb the tower's stairs when a step cracked in two beneath me. I started to fall through and I tried to grab for the first thing I could get a hold on but came up empty. " Edward !" I screamed, and he reacted instantly, grabbed me, and pulled me into his arms. "Gotcha!" The rusted fragments of the metal step twirled as they plunged fifty feet to the ground. "I think you just saved my life," I breathed out, feeling dizzy as the adrenaline had spiked the blood going to my brain. "Now you owe me one. Come on." I stood up on shaky legs and followed him as he continued to climb, strangely unaffected by what had happened. I figured, having been in the Navy, having to save someone from falling to their death was nothing new to him. Finally, we reached the top of the tower. Edward pushed the door open. "Carlos, you dumb—" He didn't get the whole sentence out and stopped in his tracks. "There's no one here," I said when it was obvious the tower was empty. "Thanks, Eagle Eyes. I couldn't tell," Edward replied sarcastically. I ignored his comment and wandered by the desk and dragged my finger across it. It came up dusty. "Are you sure they still use this airstrip?" "Of course I'm sure. I was just here a few days ago, and I'm damn sure..." He trailed off. "Edward?" I turned to find him staring past me through the window, enraptured by what he saw. In the distance, the island itself pulsed with red and blue light, colors fluttered over the trees, tinting the atmosphere in a rippling aurora. "Wha..." On instinct, I reached down blindly and found Edward's hand. His fingers laced with mine. "Edward … what is this?" "I … I don't know." My gaze met his, our faces close. The beautiful colors played across his eyes. I wanted him to kiss me, even though that was not how I usually did things with men I'd just met, but his eyes glittered so beautifully, and I leaned forward without consciously deciding to do so. "Edward, I..." Time seemed to slow down until I blinked. Suddenly, the colors were gone, and I turned back to look through the window. "Hey, it stopped." The moment disappeared, and I wondered where the feelings that bubbled up inside me had come from. Edward exhaled and shook himself out of it. He looked down and saw our fingers still entwined. He coughed awkwardly and retracted his hand, which instantly went up to his neck. "Uh. Sorry. Look, it must've been something … weird with the glass here. Who knows. Forget it, just … come on." He ducked out of the control tower, but I hesitated a moment and looked back to see whether the aurora would return. But everything appeared as it should. I followed Edward down the stairs. I heard distant laughter and looked to see Victoria and a couple others playing on the beach. "Hey, Bella! Come look at this view!" Victoria called when she saw me. "I'm heading up to the hotel to catch up with Alice. Carlos must be up there. Which way are you heading?" Edward asked and turned in the opposite direction. I waved to Victoria and started walking with Edward. "I'm going with you. I don't feel like playing around in the water, right now." Edward and I gradually wound our way up the paved road. I was beginning to feel fatigue when we came around the bend and saw it. "So this is it, huh? Been to this island fifty times, and never been off the airstrip." "The Ethereal Hotel! It's impressive." It was true. The hotel was very impressive. Completely white, with twenty stories and the name in bold golden letters by the entrance. "Well, come on then. You paid me to bring you here, so that's what I'm doing." We headed toward the lobby and passed under a long, ornamented overhang of white marble. "So you've never actually stayed here?" I asked. "Are you just taking off again after this, or are you gonna stick around a while?" I was hoping for the latter. I really wanted to get to know him further. There was something about him that made me feel comfortable. I could completely be myself, sarcasm and everything. "Just need Carlos to get my plane refueled, and I'm off. Got a bottle of Anejo calling my name back in Costa Rica. Try not to miss me too much, Princess." He winked, and I didn't even try to hold in my smile. The automatic doors slid open welcomingly, and I entered the crisp air conditioning of the lobby, and I froze. "Uhh..." "What the—" Edward froze next to me. The rest of the group stood in front of us, bewildered. Beyond them, the entire lobby was completely devoid of life. "I … I don't understand," Alice stuttered. The silence was deafening. The front desk stood deserted. Suitcases and luggage carts lay unattended. On a table, a half-finished wine glass gathered dust. "Hey, Bella," Garrett turned to me. "Uh … do you happen to know … where the hell everyone is?" A/N: Where is everyone? What was that storm? And those lights seen from the tower? What was up with Bella's dream, and why is Edward so defensive about his past? Tell me all of your thoughts, and Edward will come up with a nickname for you! ;-)