mean what I say." "Do you know how old I am?" The breath Edward blows out is exaggerated, and I know he's thought about my age, or at least wondered. "No," he answers, a hint of worry in his voice. "Eighteen. I'll be nineteen next month." A flicker of relief crosses his face but also realization. "Eighteen?" "Yep." "I don't care. It doesn't matter to me." "I can't stay. James will be looking for me. He knows I was with you last night." "I knew who you were. Even before you approached me." I should be shocked, but I'm not. Something told me that he knew. "How did you know?" "My sister, Rose." "The woman you were standing next to most of the night?" "Yes. She has a friend who knows James." The way he chooses his words tells me that whoever Rose's friend is, it's someone James has been with before. "Rose warned me. She saw the two of you together right before you approached me." "Why did you dance with me?" "I told you. I wanted more of your company." "But you knew what I was there for! Why would you welcome trouble?" He laughs, and unlike mine from earlier, his is full of humor and bewilderment. "Oh, Isabella. We don't always want what's easy… or good. And who's truly to say what's good for us?" The mischief in his eyes makes me want to do ungodly things to him. "I stole seven hundred and thirty-four dollars from you," I blurt out, trying to get everything out in the open, make him realize he doesn't want me so that I can be on my way. "I know." We sit there for a moment, each of us absorbing the last five minutes worth of conversation. "I don't want to let you go." Edward's voice is low, for only me to hear. "I just found you." "I'm not good for you. You don't want me. I'll only bring you trouble." "Maybe a little trouble is what I need." "I'm scared." "Of what? Who? James?" His tone rises, and I see the fury behind his words. Mr. Cullen is used to getting what he wants. "You have no idea what he's capable of. I don't fully understand what he's capable of, which makes him even more frightening. And what if he uses all of the tapes he has against me? I could go to jail! I think I'm most scared of that." The last sentence comes out in a whisper, because it is one of my biggest fears… turning out like my father. I never wanted a life of crime. "Let me help you. Please." "I don't know what to do." My eyes begin to sting with tears, and my throat hurts from holding back my emotions. "Let me handle James. Then, when the coast is clear, you can come back and stay with me." "Why do you want to do this? This isn't your problem. If anything, you should be furious at me for stealing from you." I wipe my nose on the sleeve of Edward's coat, unable to stop myself from crying. "I want you. I can't explain it, but I've felt drawn to you from the second I laid eyes on you." I don't know in what capacity he's speaking of, but the fact that he would want me at all breaks my heart even further. Nobody has ever wanted me. "What time does your bus leave?" "At six o'clock." "Where are you going?" "Phoenix." "Why Phoenix?" "I don't know." I shrug. "I've been there before. It wasn't so bad." Edward stands up and pulls me up with him. His hands gather the belt of his coat and he ties it tightly around my waist. "How much money do you have?" "Five hundred seventy-nine dollars. Well, seventy-two. I bought a sandwich." His smile is sad but still stunning. Reaching into his back pocket, he pulls out a cell phone and a credit card. "Use this for emergencies," he says, handing me the card. "And answer this when it rings." He passes me the phone. "I'll change the number on it, and I'll be the only one who knows it. Call me when you get to Phoenix. I'll book you a hotel and have a car meet you at the bus station." I don't know what to say. Once again, he's rendered me speechless, except this time it's because of his generosity and kindness. The tears are consistently flowing down my cheeks now, and he reaches up and wipes them away. "Everything's going to be OK. You'll see." "I don't think I can accept this… How would I…" I stutter and stumble over my words and thoughts. "Don't overthink this, Isabella. I'm a firm believer in taking chances, and you're a chance worth taking. If I let you leave with no way of knowing whether you're safe or not… or if I'll ever see you again… it would kill me. So, think of it as doing a favor for me." I laugh through my tears, because his reasoning is ridiculous… and beautiful, just like him. I reach up, claiming his lips with mine and putting all of the gratitude and promise I can into it. It feels so strange. Twenty-four hours ago, he was a stranger who only existed on paper, and now, he suddenly means more to me than anyone else in the world. When I climb onto the bus, I hurry to the seat farthest in the back and move over to the window. Placing my hand on the glass, I tell him goodbye, hoping that this won't be the last time I see him, but if it is, knowing I'll never be the same because of him. Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x