left in its wake as his gaze traveled down my body. I pulled my sunglasses from my eyes, put my hand on my hip and winked at him. I put my glasses back on my face and turned towards Leah. She had a shit-eating grin on her face as she raised an eyebrow at me. I simply shrugged and used my leg to kick her butt as we walked to our spots on the towels. I knew the upcoming weeks would be hectic with graduation, but with my friends at my side I could conquer the world. Sam POV I ran my hands over my face as I stepped out of my shower. I wrapped a towel around myself as I made my way to my room. I was worn out from the week's events. Along with patrols my Architectural Firm was skyrocketing. Most of the guys worked for my firm either building, engineering, or things like accounting. It was great business for the rez. We had tons of bids here, in Port Angelos, and in Seattle. If it got much bigger I would need to hire more people. Leah sent me a text asking me to come to the beach say I had been ignoring her for long enough. I had to chuckle at that. Leah worked as my top Accountant; she knew exactly how busy we had been. Having her friendship meant the world to me. After the whole Emily fiasco, I really needed a friend. I forgot how much I had missed Leah; it was such a different experience getting to be her friend with no romantic attachments. She was easily my best friend. I had heard from her and the guys though she had been hanging with the Swan girl. She told me how the leech's left her and it made my blood boil. My father was the rez man whore but he never abandoned his children. Growing up he let Embry and I both know how wanted we were. His infidelity was not of the highest esteem, but he was a wonderful father otherwise. I tugged my board shorts on and headed to the beach. I saw Leah scream my name as she ran towards me. I picked her up and spun her around. I turned and found what must've been a porn star sunbathing. She had on a blood red bikini, aviators, and her mahogany hair was floating around her like a halo. I could see the red streaks in it begging me to take a fist full and tug it as I slammed into her from behind. I felt her eyes raking over my body and I prayed she couldn't see the hard on I was supporting. Leah simply raised her eyebrow at me. I just smirked as if nothing was wrong. Next thing I knew little Miss Red Riding Hood was hurling towards us. I was genuinely surprised at her speed she had angry Kim screaming and following her. She came up and threw water all over Leah, I belted out a laugh as Leah looked like a drowned cat. Leah joined Kim as Bella called for Paul to help her. I grew a tad bit jealous as Bella jumped on Paul and he easily flipped her over and she was cradled against his chest. I must've let a small growl slip as Paul looked up and smirked at me. My focus moved from him to Bella. She was not sopping wet as dark curls hung down her back sticking to her skin making it so I got a wonderful full frontal view. She commented on her nipples and I couldn't help but focus on them. I could see them straining against the fabric of that tight red suit. How I would love to palm her gorgeous mounds and run my thumbs over her nipples then take them into my mouth. I continued my view downward to her toned stomach down to her tanned, muscular legs that seemed to go on forever. God, she was sex on heels. I wanted to burry my dick as far in her as I possibly could. I faintest hint of cherry blossom and honey hit my nose; I realized it was her arousal. God, I wanted to burry my tongue and lick her from back to front until she drenched my face with her heavenly juices. There was also another subtle hint of sweet crème . . . I was smacked out of my reverie by Paul putting a hand on my shoulder. "Yea bro, she's a virgin, how sweet does she smell?" He smirked. I gave him an irritated glare. "Hurt her though all mighty Alpha and I'll fucking make you wish you were dead." I just raised my eyebrow and shook my head up and down. I thought I was going to bust my nut when she winked at me and sashayed back to her towel. I wanted to bed her over until she knew who she belonged to! From what I heard this little temptress would be sticking around for a while; I planned on showing her scorching heat was so much better than ice cold. If I had my way, she would on all fours as I sank my teeth in her neck, cum coating her tight, hot walls as she screamed my name. With that thought I licked my lips and made my way towards her towel. I didn't know what these next few weeks would bring, but I was excited to find out. AN: Just a little thought I had in my head floating around. I will update my other stories I promise! I love Jacob, but I wanted a story where Bella learned to heel herself and it wasn't some miracle and bam she was better! Oh well, I hope you this! I love Sam, that whole Alpha shit, fuck hot I tell you. Thank you again for reading and lemme know if you'd like to be my Beta!