late. "Time for two," Edward said before delivering two smacks to my ass, leaving me feeling the burn. I could only take so much. I knew he was going to make it harder and harder for me as time went on. This wasn't a game set up for me to win. This was a game set up for me to be left begging for his cock inside me to finish the job. I felt Edward shifting on the bed and the fingers were back inside me pumping away and hitting that perfect spot inside of me. I twisted in the bonds holding me to the bed. I had to move, I had to do something or else I was going to scream. Edward's mouth was on my pussy next, and his tongue was everywhere. A finger joined his mouth and all too soon I let out a high pitch wail, just needing him to keep going but of course the opposite happened and everything stopped. He was quiet for a moment, appearing to let me catch my breath. "Didn't last long this time did you? You're just such a needy and loud little slut aren't you?" He roughly pushed me over to my side again. "Three this time," he reminded me that this was my third failure already. The smacks were harder or maybe I was getting more sensitive from the previous spankings. Either way, I knew my ass would be pink for a while. I rolled into my position on my back waiting for Edward to start again. He was too quiet. I didn't know where to expect him next. I controlled my breathing determined not to let him get another sound out of me so easily. This time he was back up at my chest. Fingers lazily stroked the area around my nipples, making me wiggle and thrust my chest upwards hoping for the friction I craved there. The fingers moved away and then there was a soft blowing across my hardened peaks. My toes curled and my hands fisted as I tried to control myself. There was nothing I could focus on except the sensation of his touch. He was back to kissing me again and I relaxed knowing that at least in the kissing territory I would be safe. I should have known better to relax because then his fingers were back at my pussy all the while he kept on kissing me. He kept up a steady rhythm with his fingers while using his mouth to suck on my lip and caress my tongue. His thumb came up and swirled around my clit and I lost it again. "Fuck, Edward, please!" I begged this time. "You broke the rules again. Naughty girl needs a spanking. Four more now." I was up to ten in total. He took time to rub and massage my ass between each hit, but they still hurt like hell. "Two more, baby," He whispered into my ear. "Maybe if you beg really nicely I'll stop and we can both admit you lost. Then I'll take my reward." I was silent. On one hand I loved the slow game of torture but on the other hand I was desperate for a hard fuck from my Edward. His hand came down hard on my ass again. "What's it gonna be, baby girl? Keep playing, or take the L?" He taunted me. I didn't care anymore. He had me in too deep and I needed him now. "Please fuck me, Edward. Please I need you." He finished off with the hardest smack yet and I let out a groan. "Where do you need me?" He suggestively trailed his hand down my stomach, but avoided the spot I wanted him to focus on. "Um, fuck, Edward I need you in my pussy. Please, I need your cock in my pussy now." "Okay baby girl, all you needed to do was ask." I could practically hear the smirk in his voice. "You've been such a good girl for my game. I think we can remove the blindfold. You've earned that much." With that I was blinking at the light before focusing in on my man's face and then travelling south taking in that he was fully undressed. I noted he still did not un-cuff me, which was fine with me. As long as he fucked me I didn't care how. He forced my legs open wide and held them up so I was forming a wide open V for him. He guided his very hard cock into my entrance and I moaned at the contact, happy to just be able to fully voice my feelings now. "That's my girl, let me hear you now," he spoke in a husky voice as he started to pump in and out. I grabbed at the chain holding me to the bed as he picked up the pace. "Oh god, oh god, oh god!" I chanted over and over almost in time with his thrusts. I could feel the heat building between my legs and he used one hand to swirl around my clit in time with his thrusts. It was almost too much. I turned my head and muffle my scream with my arm. He was reaching so deep inside me. I looked into his green eyes begging him to send me over that cliff. "So close. I'm gonna. Fuck. Close," I was groaning incoherently. Edward pushed my legs back further and slammed into me with force reaching that deep spot inside. I couldn't handle it. I screamed as I came and the wave broke over me and all my muscles tensed up. I could feel myself continue to spasm as he continued thrusting deep into me. He gaze penetrated me and soon his own thrusting became irregular. He gasped then collapsed with his face buried in my shoulder and his cock buried in my pussy. I enjoyed the warmth of his body against mine. "Good game," I panted.