her, "I'm okay. Really." I finish my glass, lean back, and ready myself to accept whatever she may tell me."It's your turn, my dear." She clears her throat, sips her wine, and nods. "I work two jobs to pay my rent, medical bills, student loans, and to help my mom. She's fine - just flighty and awful with money." Another sip of wine and she's avoiding my eyes, but I can't tell if it's out of fear or because she's lying. "You're in school?" I ask and watch for her reaction. If there's one thing I've learned from gambling, it's how to spot a liar. "No. I...um...had to drop out for medical reasons, which made my loans due." She looks guilty, studying her fingernails and her wine glass. "This was your idea, Bambi, not mine." Immediately, she lifts her head to look at me and nods. "You're right. My ex-boyfriend James called me Bambi. He left me when I got pregnant. There were complications. I lost my baby and my uterus." She wipes her tears away but keeps talking. "I'm at peace with my past, but I guess I'm afraid you won't look at me the same, you know?" "I know the feeling of wanting to be seen for who you are and not for your past, Bella. Believe me, I know," I say as I go to her and hold her tight. She lays her head on my chest like she did earlier, but I don't hold back now. I pull her body against mine and hold her tight. Feeling her nakedness against my own makes me hard and I'm so torn. I want to show her she could never be less of a woman to me, but she needs to be comforted, not fucked. She looks up at me and I use my already wet hands to wipe the last of the makeup from under her eyes. My touch makes her whimper and I can't help myself. I slowly touch her face, jaw, and neck, before moving my hand under the water to her breasts. She watches my face as I look at her body and I pray she can see how I want her just the same as before, if not more. The smooth curves of her waist and hips have me mesmerized. I feel the small lines that indent her skin where the garter belt was and I want to rub each one away. She kisses my chin and opens her legs like an invitation, asking me to show her. Making me prove that our pasts are behind us and we're moving on. I watch my hand move down her stomach and cup her pussy. She spreads her legs wider, wraps her fingers tightly around my dick, and begins stroking me up and down. I moan for her and push my first three fingers into her tight pussy. Pumping them in and out of her, I make sure to give her clit some friction, and she squeezes me harder. Moving in time with each other is exhilarating. I'm watching her thighs shake and hips thrust as she's watching my dick slide through her fist. Her movements slow and her thighs tense as she comes, breathing heavily against me. Bella moves off of me and tells me to stand up. I look at her in question she smiles at me and says, "Now." I stand and with force I didn't expect, she pushes my chest so I sit on the edge of the hot tub. Lips replace fingers and she's sucking as much of me into her mouth as she can. I brace myself and move her wet hair so I can watch. Her eyes are shut tight and she's humming as though she been waiting to do this for years. She sucks the head, strokes me roughly until I come, and licks me clean. I lift her up to me and kiss her lips. The cool night air quickly chills us both, so I pull her back in the water with me and lean back. Bella pours us both another glass of wine and straddles my lap. "I've been thinking. You defied Aro, so you know he's going to be an unbearable prick to both of us and since your maid quit, maybe we could work something out." "When have you had time to think?" I smirk and grab her ass. I'm freshly fucked, a little drunk, and emotionally worn thin - I'm exhausted. But her suggestion wakes me up. "You're serious? You know I need a live-in maid, always on hand, and that I'm a picky bastard." She nods and bites her lip. "If it helps, my other job was housekeeping for Marcus at the hotel." I want to tell her she's too young. There is this whole world out there for her, why should she spend it with me? But I can't bring myself to say the words. Instead I explain. "I'll be here most of the time. I really only left to see you." "Good," she says with a seductive little grin. "The Volturis are going to hate me," I say and we both smile wider. "I hope you didn't suck Aro off to get hired." "You pig! Of course not. That's not why...' I pull her face to mine and kiss her. "I'm kidding, but I will need to know what bills you have and how much you send your mom, alright?" She nods and then holds me against her. "Thank you, Edward. You won't regret this." "I know." I smile at her and she reaches her palm up to my face as she smiles back. "Now, back to making you come all night, since I just decided tomorrow is your day off." Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x