conclusion. There was nothing to be done. Even on life support, his condition gradually deteriorated. His relatives finally decided to pull the plug. I expected it, but the decision still stung. I never knew if he loved me back. He probably did. His aunt insisted he only had eyes for me. On his last few hours, I spoke the words I intended to tell him on our half anniversary. "I love you, Riley. Though we only knew each other for less than a year, I feel as if we've known each other forever. You get me. You don't care how messed up I am. If it wasn't for that stupid truck, we'd have that forever." Then, I spoke the words my mind begged me to say. "I… I wish we had that forever. But we never will. Even if you woke up, things are different. I've fallen for someone else. I didn't mean for it to happen. It just did. If I could take it back, I would. But I can't. Love doesn't work that way." "It's Edward. You probably wouldn't be surprised. You told me before we started going out we made a good couple in middle school. I guess we did, even though it was hard to stop hating his balls. Point is, now that we're older and I don't have the urge to punch his face, I know him better. I know we click better when we don't purposefully find faults in each other. I want to be with him, and I know this all sounds wrong when you're dying, but I have to say it. I was always honest with you. Well, I'm being honest with you now." My words were sweet and hurtful. Whether or not he heard them, I was glad I got it off my chest. He died peacefully overnight. I cried, but I did what was right. What wasn't right was seeing Bella kiss his cheek and holding his hand during lunch on that Monday. The juniors were in an uproar. First Riley, then a lead singer and her talented best friend became a couple. A perfect combination of sorrow and scandal. My friends barely kept me from tearing myself apart. I "broke up" with Riley for him. He chose Bella over me. I was shot right back into the bitterness. ~:~ ~:~ ~:~ Now, I'm seventeen and back to square one. No boyfriend. I lost interest in getting one. I dyed my hair back again. It's one thing I have that won't end badly. The worst that can happen is split ends. When I said goodbye to Riley, Edward made his decision. Ultimately, it had to be Bella. He could learn to truly love her. He did that with me. No matter how much he loved me, he couldn't risk me hurting Riley while he was already hurt. if he woke up, he expected his adorable girlfriend to be in his arms. Those were Edward's expectations. He should have known reality doesn't always work to his favor. We didn't confront each other about the issue. We did it through texts. That summer, we drifted apart. My friends helped me nurse my double heartbreak. Edward spent time with Bella, trying to make their relationship work. I avoided him while I helped Riley's family with the funeral. During the funeral, I played the role of his grieving girlfriend. When senior year started, I was lost. My head couldn't think straight. My grades stayed high, but that was it. Where's the motivation? Where's my reason to believe love always doesn't end for me? Where's the click with a boy that won't break my heart? Betrayed. Left. Dead. Misjudged. Either way, all good relationships ended terribly for me. Me, the girl that just wanted a boy not forced to let him go. This is where I am today, walking into the gym for a second period PE class I'm not looking forward to for the semester. My eyes land on a boy sitting alone at the bleacher, far from the rest of my new classmates. Something about this boy compels me to sit next to him. He has a blank expression. If he noticed, he doesn't show it. Dark brown hair that looks black under the flourescent lights. Brown eyes staring straight ahead. A physique body resembling an athlete's. But his facial features. Innocent. Tough. He seems like a giant teddy bear. And cute. My absolute type. I don't even know his name. How have I not met him before? Already, he makes me want to get to know him. "Hey." He's talking to me. "Hi." "Rebel Rose." "Huh?" "Sorry." He looks at me sheepishly. "My classmates call you Rebel Rose." "Are you a junior?" "Uh-huh." Intriguing. "It's my hair, right?" "Pretty much. But… I don't think you're a rebel." "Then… what do you think of me?" He hesitates, but grins with his response. "Someone that more than meets the eye." He extends a hand. "Emmett McCarthy." I shake his hand, perplexed by his grin. "Rosalie Hale." "I know. So tell me, why do you dye your hair black?" No delays. He cuts right to the chase. A question that would be rude to some girls makes me feel a glimmer of hope. This is where the hope starts, then the bliss, but ultimately the bitter end. I kept hoping things would be different, but all my relationships end badly, beyond cliche break-ups. Emmett could be the fifth one. Is it worth it? Blue staring into brown, my stomach tingles. Love at first sight. Okay, maybe not love at first sight. Hope at first sight. That makes much more sense. He doesn't have to be a statistic. I don't know Emmett. It could be a fresh start. I clicked before he spoke a word. I shouldn't foresee the end/ It's the beginning. No fate or destiny. I can let things. Not number five. Number one. The first to grasp my heart before I opened it.