nothing unhurried and soft about his actions now. With one quick twist of his torso, I'm lying beneath him, my body pinned to the mattress by his weight. His hands keep my arms still as he concentrates attention on my chest. As amazing as it feels, I'm much more interested in the dick that grazes my stomach and hips as he moves over me. I wrap my legs around his thighs, and we're lined up again. This time, there are no clothes in the way of what I want. But there should be something between us, and we both realize it at the same time. Edward sits back abruptly on his heels, his face a mixture of frustration, desire, and disappointment. "Fuck!" he curses, a hand scrubbing over his forehead and into his hair. "I don't have anything." My eyes are locked on his jutting cock. I lick my lips greedily. "How bad would you think of me if I said I've got some in my bag?" He stares hard, his eyes boring into mine. I wonder if it would be worse if he thought I'd gotten them to use with him or that they were left over from Paul (they were). But when I realize that his expression is one of lust, I know he doesn't care either way. "Get them," he commands, moving off me as he takes his dick in his hand. The feeling of him pushing into me is like nothing I've ever experienced. I don't know if it's because of the intense buildup, the way I feel about him, how maddeningly slow he enters, or maybe all of it together. His thrusts are deep and long, coaxing out every bit of aching pleasure from my body. Panting and damp with sweat, I cling to him as we move together. His tongue mimics the action of his cock, and I feel full of him, like he's surrounding me inside and out. The pressure's building, and soon I'm at the point where a few well-placed strokes will set off my release. I know exactly what will make me come and am not afraid to take charge. Grabbing his hips, I hold him in place while angling my body into position. "Oh god!" I gasp as the head of his cock slides over the right spot. My whole body stiffens so that he can hit it again and again and… I'm coming . I don't know if I say it out loud or not. I arch my back and circle my hips to ride out the all-encompassing waves. I'm moaning and twitching and gasping in pleasure. "God, yes," Edward grunts hungrily, slamming into me even harder. It's his turn as he rears up and pushes on the back of my knees. My thighs are pressed together now, my entrance stretched tight around his ever-hardening dick. I know he's close. His eyes shut are shut, his head thrown back, lips parted slightly—I've never seen anything more beautiful. I'm awestruck that he looks this way because of me. His thrusting becomes erratic, and amazingly, I know the instant Edward begins. I can actually feel him expand and pulse inside me. "Holy shit!" I breathe, surprised by a resurgence of arousal. He's just so damned full . Hell, if I'd known that was going to happen, I probably could've gone for another orgasm. That information will definitely be stored away for the future. Edward holds my hips still until he finishes, then falls to the bed on his back, bringing me with him. He removes the condom and drops it in a trashcan by the bed. When he settles back onto the mattress, I let out a long, content sigh and rest my head on his shoulder. I can honestly say that was the best sex I've ever had, but more important is how I feel now, afterward. It's like I'm in a warm bubble of peace and happiness that I never want to leave. "Edward?" "Hmm?" "This might sound stupid, but thank you. Not just for now—for everything you've done. For the amazing person that you are." He's quiet, and I know he's trying to keep from protesting against my words. I run my hand over the scattering of hair on his chest as he struggles. Then, finally: "You're welcome." He brushes hair from my forehead and places a soft kiss there. "Thank you for saying that, and for pushing through my bullshit from the beginning. You're giving me hope that things can get better…that they will get better. There have been so many times in the past few months when I didn't think I could ever feel…light…again." I press my lips to his shoulder, understanding what he means. "I've been there, too—when the shit storm is raging all around and you don't see a way out. It can make such a big difference if you're not fighting alone, if there's someone you can turn to." Edward wraps his arms tightly around me, holding me close. "I'm glad you and Alice have each other. I want you to know I'm here for you now, too…whatever you need. Whatever you want." I lift my head to look at him and make sure he sees the sincerity in my words. "You. It's you that I want…you that I need." His eyes close briefly, and when they open again, they seem more alive than ever. He pulls me up his body and into a kiss—a sweet, tender kiss that conveys so much. It says that I, too, should hope for a better tomorrow. It promises a partner in the journey ahead. It gives strength, comfort, and support. It tells me I don't have to wander adrift anymore. It tells me I have a home. Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x