don't scare me! You're just a bully! The worst kind of bully! You use your looks and sex to intimidate people and get what you want, but you know what—when people get to know the real you—they bolt because they see all the ugliness inside. God! Now everyone leave and give Edward some privacy!" Alice and Rosalie cowered under Bella's fierce gaze and disappeared down the stairs. Everyone else shook their heads, but departed to give Edward some privacy. Carlisle and Charlie remained behind. "I'm sorry that I opened the door without knocking. I really had to use the bathroom and the downstairs one was being used. Your mom said I could use this one," Bella informed him. "S'okay, I'm already the laughing stock of the school, it won't make a difference." "You know, Edward. I wouldn't listen to your sister or Rosalie. They've never really been nice. When Jess, Lauren, and I were freshmen cheerleaders—they did nothing but tease and bully us. That's why the three of us vowed never to become like them and we stick by that rule. Your secret is safe with us and I'm sure that Angela and Bree won't breathe a word of what happened neither." "Thanks, Bella. Thanks for sticking up for me, too." "Anytime, what are friends for?" "Do you mean that?" "Mean what?" "That you're my friend." "Sure, I do. Besides, we can't go through a thing like this and not be friends. Come and sit at our table during lunch. Bring Ben and Mike, too." "Really?" "Sure, besides I know a couple of girls who have a crush on you." "On me?" "Yes, on you." "Are you sure?" "I'm positive." "Okay, I'll see you on Monday, then." Edward grinned happily at his new friend. "Monday it is." Before she left, Dr. Cullen took a quick look at Bella's eye. It was tender and was already beginning to bruise, but he told her to ice it and that she'd be as good as new in no time. After that, Charlie took his daughter home. Carlisle picked the penis pump up and turned to his son. "So, Edward, would you like to tell me what this is all about? Mike burst some sort of inflatable device on his penis, Ben developed an allergic reaction to some sort of penile enhancing lotion, and here you have a penis pump. By the way, this is a device specifically for men who have erectile dysfunction. It's to aid them in getting and maintaining an erection. I know for a fact that you don't have trouble with that, do you, son?" "No, sir." "Well, what happened?" "We—that is Ben, Mike, and I wanted to impress some girls. We wanted them to notice us. It's just that we're so nerdy and pathetic." "First of all, you are neither of those things. What I would like to know is what gave you boys the idea that enlarging your penises would attract girls?" "Well, it's just that the popular girls always seem to date the really big, jock types. Have you seen Jasper and Emmett? They're big!" "And you want to date girls like Rose or your sister?" "Uh…not really…but maybe girls as pretty as they are." "Edward, I think that Bella Swan just pointed out to you that exterior beauty may not be all that it's cracked up to be. Sure, Alice and Rose are beautiful, but they have a lot of growing up to do still. They've had too many things just handed to them and haven't had to work hard to accomplish things, but you, Edward. You know what it's like to work hard to accomplish your goals. I see it everyday." "Yeah, but look at me, Dad. I look like a freak." "You don't look like a freak," Alice stated as she climbed up the stairs. "You're actually very nice looking." "Don't lie, Alice." "Edward, I'm telling you the truth. You're a really good looking kid. You just have to be more confident about yourself." "Why are you being nice to me all of a sudden?" "Because the love of my life just broke up with me for being a selfish, immature, and malicious bitch." "Jasper said that to you?" "Yep, and he was right. I had no right to make your life miserable and neither did Rosalie. She'd be up here apologizing herself, but she's too sad that Emmett told her that he couldn't see her anymore. Well, anyway, I'm sorry. I really am. You're my brother and I really do love you." Alice made her way to her room with tears in her eyes. Edward suspected she was going there to cry. "I think your sister just learned an important lesson. She can't have her way all the time." "Alright, Edward, are you feeling any better?" Edward thought about it. Yes, he was feeling better. Much better. Who wouldn't? His sister apologized, Bella Swan invited him and his friends to sit with her at lunch, and she said she knew a couple of girls who had crushes on him. But the best thing was that Bella Swan considered him a friend and stood up for him. Him. Edward Cullen. How awesome was that? He turned to his father and answered, "Emotionally—much better, but physically—no. Dad, I think I did something to my penis. It won't go down!" "Oh, Edward, what are we going to do with you?" his father said. Alright, let me have a look. "God, this is embarrassing." "Yes, it is, but you brought this one onto yourself." "Yeah, I did. I kind of pumped it up too hard." And with that, Edward happily dropped his towel and let his father examine his big problem. Thanks for reading Pump It Up. If you would like to see all the stories that are a part of this exchange visit the Facebook group: Fanficaholics Anon: Where Obsession Never Sleeps, or add the C2 to get all the stories direct to your inbox. community/FAGE-007/93625/