visited. When Jessica came around, Ms. Hale was there and talked to her along with the Collins family. Senna had emergency surgery. When she became stabilized, she was air lifted to a federal holding facility that had a hospital unit. She was there under an assumed identity. The family had not been allowed to see her in the hospital and was told to go home by Ms. Hale. It was important for the world to believe Senna was dead. After one month of recovery time, she was put on a plane. The family was shown one picture of Senna still alive and was told nothing else. Rosalie was relieved once Senna was no longer in the state. The picture was burned after the Collins family left the office of Rosalie Hale. Senna reported, she heard her boss begging for his life before she lost all consciousness. She was too injured and couldn't move. She didn't look like she was breathing. The hitman decided not to do a head shot, and that saved her life. The Collins family never talked about Senna, ever. People thought it odd but respected their decision. Maybe it was just too hard to even say her name considering the way she died so horribly. The one great thing that came out of Senna's supposed death, the four kids she worked closely with left the gangs they joined and left town for parts unknown. Rosalie was given gang and drug shipment information and the kids were given a ticket out of town with new identities for them and their families. Seattle, Washington January 2011 Carlisle was besides Esme as she told everyone at their New Year's party including Bella and Jacob. "Edward is now working overseas, he is not reachable by phone, and the place where he resides is extremely remote." Esme then burst into tears, so the conversation was over. Carlisle enfolded Esme into his arms and walked her away towards their sitting room. Charlie Swan looked on sadly and then went outside for some fresh air. Bella told Jacob, "Edward wasn't doing well after Senna died that way. He loved her so much. Hopefully, he heals and comes back some day." Chicago, Illinois May 2011 Dillinger once said, ' He only got caught in small towns.' That's why I picked this city. I am one of the hundreds of thousands here. I love you Mr. Masen and thank you for finding me." Senna Emmerson and Edward Anthony Masen smiled at each other in the federal judge's office as they married each other. Senna's boss was honored she asked him quietly to perform the ceremony. Crazy kids but they love each other, the judge thought as he smiled back at them. When Edward landed in Chicago that January, he had no idea his balls could be so cold. Where was Senna? Ms. Hale put him where Senna was; now it was up to him to find her. Senna had a law background. The only clue he did have was she had the same first name. He couldn't call Ms. Hale for information. There was no paper trail to be given to anyone or found. One day, sitting in the courtyard around the federal court, Senna walked out of the court building at lunchtime. Edward walked up smiling and said the words he wanted to say for months. "Don't ever leave me again. I'm in love with you and only you." Senna launched herself at Edward. Bella had told Edward, "Stop telling me how much you love Senna and tell her. Stop it with the beating around the bush shit and just put your cards on the table." Later that evening in the loft where she now lived, Senna explained to Edward what happened when she got shot. She and Edward were lying in each other's arms on her bed. "So, I lost my mind for a minute when you were gone." Edward smiled down at Senna. She smiled up at him then looked sad. "I'm scared now. My chest has this long scar and one more on my right side." "I look forward to kissing them both and making it better." Senna laughed and Edward laughed along with her. "I missed you so much Edward. I'm so glad you're here with me." Senna said simply. December 2021 There was a picture sent out to the phones of Carlisle and Esme Cullen, along with the phones of Emmett and Jessica Cullen. The picture featured Edward holding a little girl who was around three or four years old who looked like him. Besides him was Senna with her arms around two boys. One boy looked around seven or eight years old, he favored Edward more than Senna. The other boy looked to be about five years old and he looked more like Senna. The family of Arturo Volturi decided they had enough of killing people to protect him. It was easier to kill him and write him off as a loss. His younger brother Marcus was ready to take over the family business, and he kept out of the public eye. Marcus lost his beloved wife, Didyme, in a hit that was intended for Arturo. Marcus was done protecting his big brother from his enemies inside and outside of their large family. The United States government was putting pressure on the Italian government to turn Arturo over for various criminal charges including suspicion in the murders of Senna Collins Holmes and Michael Tennent. With Arturo dead, Rosalie Hale called Senna and suggested she could now visit her family. Rosalie had been keeping an eye on Italy and the Volturi family over the years. By the time she had an idea who the hitman was who killed Michael Tennent, he was dead. The Italian government was tracking the Volturi family, and no one cared about Senna Collins Holmes or Michael Tennent anymore. They were believed to be long dead. Everyone would soon be reunited at the Collin's family house.