than necessary to stall the inevitable just a bit. The time was drawing closer. I could feel it. I re-dressed in my sweats and tank-top so that I could go to my room and change, but before I had the chance to climb the stairs, I felt a sharp pain in my midsection that I could only compare to the feeling of being stabbed with something very sharp. I lost my grip on the railing and fell down on the floor, my arms clutching my stomach. I couldn't breathe, but Renée must have heard me fall because she came running just a few seconds later. "Bella?" She crouched down next to me and called for Charlie. "Oh goodness! Charlie, it's happening!" She placed an arm around me to help me stand up and led me to the couch so I could lie down. Charlie came up from the basement and looked at me with confusion written all over his face. "Now? But it's too early," he stated. Renée turned to him with a glare. "Her powers don't seem to agree with you, so are you just going to stand there or are you gonna help?" she threw at him, but I couldn't have them fighting now. It felt as if I was dying and their fighting was seriously annoying. I grabbed Renée's arm and she turned to me. "Don't...fight! Help ...me!" It took everything I had to muster up the strength to get those few words out. Both of them immediately got into action and Renée ran upstairs while Charlie grabbed the book with the claiming spell from the shelf. Renée came back with a copper pot filled with dried herbs which she lit on fire. Then she brought out the dagger she had placed in the lining of her pants and grabbed my hand. With a quick motion, she sliced my hand open, but instead of dripping my blood into the pot like I expected, she took a handful of the burning herbs and placed them in my palm over the bleeding wound. There was no heat that could burn me and the slice didn't even sting. Charlie joined us and held the book open to the section with the spell in front of me. I didn't know what he wanted me to do, and I had started to shake so badly, I couldn't form the words to ask either. Renée took my bleeding, herb-filled hand and pressed it, palm down, against the pages of the book. "You have to choose now, Bella," she said. "There is no more time." I was out of time, and I had no idea what to choose. I wasn't ready for it, but I had to be. Completely terrified, I looked at both spells. Neither of them seemed to call more for me than the other because I didn't want to be either good or evil. I felt comfortable with both as they were each a half of me, and I just couldn't choose. The spells didn't differentiate too much from each other, and after I memorized them both, I created a new spell by mashing them together in my head. I wasn't going to settle for one side if I could possibly have both. I had already performed near impossible magic. Maybe I could do it again. With new determination, I closed my eyes and let my choice fill me up from my toes to the top of my head. On this day, on this hour, I call for Ancient Power Good and Evil reside in me, Give me both and set me free "Bella, what are you doing?" Renée asked and tried to remove my hand from the book, but I held onto it tightly. Let my powers rise, Let it been seen through my eyes "She's calling for both sides," Charlie exclaimed, but he didn't try to stop me. "But that's unheard of," Renée cried out. Hear it in my voice, This is my choice! There was a whirlwind around me that threw both Renée and Charlie backward as if it was protecting me, and I could feel how my strength came back to me. The pain disappeared and I felt filled with energy. When it reached its peak, it took my breath away and I gasped for it until the whirlwind faded away and I could breathe normally again. "Wow," I said to myself when I understood it was over. I could feel the power, both good and evil, course through me. Charlie and Renée looked at me with wide, wary eyes and waited as if they expected me to do or say something. "What?" I asked. Renée blinked. "Uh..." She swallowed and tried again. "How are you feeling?" I gave her a pleased smile. "I feel great. Better than great, actually." "Isabella, what you just did has never been done before," Charlie said from his spot on the floor. I turned my attention to him. "Yes, and?" "And we don't know what this means. You're the first witch ever to claim power from both sides." I shrugged because I already knew this. " I know what it means," I said confidently. "You do?" Renée asked. I nodded. "Yes, it means everything is not divided between good and evil. You said yourself that my destiny is to lead witches into the new age. This is the new age. And none of those old stupid rules apply to me." Charlie and Renée were speechless as I turned around and left the room. There was only one person I wanted to meet right now, and I took my phone out of my pocket to call him. I wasn't going to text this time. I needed to hear his voice. It had been too long since the last time because he had left us alone after we said goodbye. Only three rings went through before I heard him in my ear. "Angel?" * This story had some content updated in April 2017