looked a bit darker. "That's alright," he said his voice husky. "Where are you going in such a hurry?" "I have to get back to work. My lunch is over and I don't want to be late getting back," I answered. "You work here?" he asked crossing his arms over an impressive chest. Even in a suit I could tell the man worked out. "Are you new? I've never seen you around." I laughed softly. "I am new. I've only been working here in the Department of Translations a little less than two months but, this place is pretty big so... Do you work here too?" He opened his mouth to answer when my phone rang. I looked up apologetically and fished my phone from my purse. "Hello?" "Bella! Where are you? I said you can have a long lunch not take the afternoon off! You know Mr. Cullen is back from business. I heard he was walking through every department to make sure everything was up to par!" My face turned even redder than before, "I'm sorry Mr. Newton. I'm on my way up." I hung up quickly. "Look, I'm sorry…" "Edward," he supplied. "Edward," I continued. "But, I have to go back to work. The head of the company, Mr. Cullen is walking around making sure everything is in working order and I have to go back to my office. You should too. I heard he was very strict." He nodded, "Yes, I heard that too. Do you have a lot of work left to do?" I shook my head, "I finished my translations from earlier but I'm sure Mr. Cullen's assistant has brought us more. It was very nice talking to you but I must go," As I began walking as fast as I could towards the elevators without actually running I couldn't help but wonder what department he worked in. The man was so very handsome. When I got to my desk Mike gave me a long winded speech about being on time before dropping more documents to be translated. A few hours later I was just finishing up the last document Mike had given me when I heard him outside of his office. "Mr. Cullen! How was your business trip sir? You look well rested. I hope everything turned out how you hoped?" He gushed. I shook my head at his blatant sucking up and continued my work. "Business was good as usual," said a velvety voice. "How are things here? No trouble I hope," "Oh no sir! Ms. Swan is just finishing the last of the documents to be translated." Mike answered. "Ms. Swan? What happened to Ms. Stanley?" he asked. "Yes sir. She was hired by Mr. Cullen senior while you were away. Ms. Stanley got a new job last month, again, while you were away." Mike answered. I didn't hear Mr. Cullen answer and assumed he must have been satisfied with Mike's answer and left. I had just stacked the last document with the rest of them when someone cleared their throat at the door. I looked up expecting Mike with more documents when my eyes met emerald green. "You." The Beginning(EPOV) I watched her big brown eyes widen as she spotted me at her door. She was just as beautiful as I remembered from earlier. I could still feel her soft curves pressed against me. Her musical voice still played in my head and I was happy I finally had a name to go with her pretty face. The nameplate on her desk read Isabella Swan. "You." she whispered. I smirked. "Me." "Y-you're Mr. Cullen?" she asked blushing prettily and looking down at her hands. I controlled the urge to lick my lips. I don't remember if I'd ever seen a girl over the age of thirteen blush anymore. I could just imagine her in my playroom with her arms above her head, her entire body covered in that beautiful blush while I whipped her pretty ass raw. I leaned against the door frame crossing my arms over my chest. "I am," I answered. I watched her eyes open in mortification. She was probably recalling what she said to me earlier about watching out for myself. "Mr. Cullen, sir, I'm sorry about earlier. It was very unprofessional of me." she said her eyes not once leaving her small hands. I felt my cock harden like it had earlier when she called me sir. She seemed to be naturally submissive but that's not all I wanted. I wanted a woman who wanted pain. Who wanted to hurt so much it became pleasure. "There's nothing to apologize for," I said walking into the room and to the front of her desk. "Are you done with your work for the day?" She glanced up to look at the clock above her door quickly before looking back down at her hands. "Yes sir, I just finished the last document just in time. I work till five." I wasn't one to ever fraternize with employees but this woman called to me. There was something about her. I couldn't stop thinking about her since this afternoon and purposely left the Department of Translations for last knowing it would be around the time everyone began to go home. "Are you doing anything after work?" I asked. She glanced at me quickly then looked away her face turning red once more. "N-no, I was going to head home." "Would you like to have a drink with me?" I could tell she was surprised by my question because she finally looked up into my eyes, her mouth open in what seemed to be shock. "Um," she started looking away once more, "Um, yes, yes sir that would be nice," I grinned loving how she addressed me. "Good. I want you to pack up your stuff and wait for me by the elevators that lead the garage." She glanced at me then nodded. "Yes sir," Oh, this was only the beginning.