took a genius to take someone like herself seriously or just someone who was around enough but no one stayed near Isabella for too long, it just didn't happen. Generally insanity ensued, which was good because honestly, only the insane people were interesting. That and they were crazy enough to stick around. "I see." And she thought he really did, probably, maybe, just a little bit. No probably not. "Honey!" A woman with perfectly curled hair placed in a flawless bun on her head yelled as she entered the room. The woman strode up to Isabella only to take her face in her hands and place numerous kisses along her face. Isabella was never a touchy type, in fact she almost despised physical contact and because of this she froze up and subconsciously began to play dead as this perfect stranger placed samples of DNA all over her new face. Ew. She never understood why people enjoyed kissing, it was so...weird. "Mrs and Mr. Stanley why don't we step outside so I can give you a thorough update on your daughters condition." Dr. Gerandy suggested though she couldn't help but notice he left no room for argument. She needed to learn how to do that, like a Jedi. A man with blonde man with blue eyes dressed sharply in a dark suit nodded stoically. Mr. Stanley, she guessed. The two parents walked out to talk and Isabella turned to her friend who looked awkward and a little embarrassed to see Jessica's mothers display of affection or drama, depending on the type of personality she had. "Are my parents in the mafia?" Perfectly valid question, they dressed like them and her supposed father seemed a little emotionless. This of course caused Angela to choke on...absolutely nothing. Which fascinated Isabella to no end. "Jess! No! They work for the local bank!" She hissed kindly. How does a hiss become kind? She had no idea but Angela could do it, she was practicing to become a saint she decided. "Oh okay." She didn't believe that for one second. Bank workers. Didn't mafia members also run banks? And deal drugs and black market items? Jessica's family was suspicious. "I think it's time for me to leave now. I hope get better Jess, I'll come visit you again okay?" Isabella just nodded and waved a happy goodbye. She liked Angela, nice girl, shy girl, not insane girl, definitely leaving girl. As Angela left Jessica's parents entered, one looking as distraught as a suicidal woman and the other quite stiff. An actress and a business man, definitely in the mafia. "Oh sweetheart, my Jessica!" Mrs. Stanley gasped out rather dramatically while Mr. Stanley simply stood silently behind his wife. "Yes, I, Jessica Something Stanley, your daughter, right here." Well. That should soothe any worries. Isabella was stunned when the mercurial woman burst into tears and threw her arms around her. She understood that this Jessica was her daughter but not even Isabella's real mother touched her quite as often but she let the woman sob into her shoulder as was social required before gently pushing her off not wanting to have any more skin to skin contact for the day. Tugging on her new bouncing locks she cleared her throat. "I'm afraid I don't really know who you are, other than you gave birth to Jessica and you helped conceive her." She said pointing at each parent. They ignored the use of Jessica's name in third person to stare at each other sadly, even Mr. Stanley who Isabella was slowly coming to the conclusion that he was an automaton created when Mrs. Stanley could no longer bear the loneliness of her mafia existence. Jessica's mother pointed towards herself with a sad smile. "My name is Evelyn and this is your father William." Introductions were made, proper introductions, that is and new people were met. It seemed that Jessica wasn't exactly popular but had a lot of family outside of her immediate one. Everyone was convinced Jessica's parents were simply bank workers and that she was an only child. They may be right about her having no sibling but as for their profession, that was debatable. Isabella slowly made a friend of the good doctor and an enemy of everyone else who she had scared off with large words and eccentric theories with the exception of the younger staff, the receptionist who she had spilled yellow jello on and one nurse Susan who could glare at water and make it freeze, probably. It wasn't long before everyone knew of the teenager named Jessica who forgot her middle name and wore neon socks, who was both an idiot and a genius and despite some of the staff being reluctant to get to know her, they were all sad to see her leave in a wheel chair to be taken home but not before Isabella promised to visit them sometime. Isabella quite liked being in this body, she didn't really care if she was stuck in it for the rest of her eternity but the fact that it didn't belong to her remained and she needed to find out what had happened to her own. It really went to show how dissociated she was from her family that she wasn't bothered by the knowledge that she may not see a majority of them again. But that was just Isabella, she moved on and she never stopped. Honestly, this fic is really just here to destroy the universe. You can take it seriously or can take it for the crack it most likely seems but I wanted to explore a young Isabella not Bella. Meh. I got the idea from Edward not being able to read Bella's mind, because he cant read it what really goes down in there? You know? That i thought it would be fun to mess with the whole body switch idea *giggles like an idiot* I own nothing and apologies for the mistakes. Madame Bing!