course . "It's Swan, Isabella Swan, but most people call me Bella," she said with a giggle. Giggling, really. "Oh, Bella, what a suiting name," he said with a lustful gaze. "It is a pleasure to meet you." He kissed each of her hands. Rose clapped, Charlie cleared his throat, and Mom jumped up pulling the four of us to the table to eat. Aro was charming and I could tell was trying to impress Bella. He was too old for her and I hoped she realized this. As we ate, Rose grilled Aro, trying to find anything at all wrong with him. She was unsuccessful at phasing Aro. He took all her questions in stride and kept his eyes drawn to Bella as he devoured three pieces of Mom's lemon poppy seed cake. The night was winding down. The kids were showered, in their pajamas, and watching a movie in the television room. The adults gathered around the large plantation-style table in the great room. Everyone listened with rapture at Aro's stories about growing up in Italy. Bella was fascinated. She loved Italy and always wanted to go there. We postponed our honeymoon since she broke her leg dancing at our wedding reception. Then she got pregnant with the twins. We always found a reason not to go. She gave me a guilty look when Aro offered up his villa in Tuscany to her anytime she wanted. Was her thinking in line with mine? That we never made it to our postponed honeymoon and it would be weird to go to Italy with anyone else. I mean we made trips, mostly with our families and Rose, but it was more like a cruise, the Caribbean, skiing in Vermont, the beach house, etc. We never had a romantic vacation, alone, just the two of us. Em, Jasper, and I tucked the kids into bed. I needed a break from the Aro admiration hour. I was more than happy to take on the chore. "Dad, don't worry, you're taller and more handsome than that old guy," Evan announced to me, right before he gave me a big hug goodnight. I couldn't help but chuckle at him. "Thanks, Ev, but your mom is free to date whoever makes her happy," I reminded him. "Whatever, Dad," he huffed and rolled away from me. I turned the light off and reminded him again how much I loved him. If I said it enough, maybe he would one day believe me. By the time I headed downstairs the kitchen was quiet and clean. Aro was gone, finally. To my surprise he was staying in the house next store, one of his investors owned it. He found out from my assistant the address to the house and stopped by to say hello. Mom, of course, invited him to dinner. Jasper went to check on Alice. I guess Charlotte wasn't sleeping well, they were both exhausted, and calling it a night. Em grabbed us a few beers. We headed outside to relax on the side porch. In the garden, Rose and Bella swung on the hammock, giggled, and drank wine. "Cheers," Em said, smiled at the pair, and clinked his bottle against mine. "Yeah, cheers," I said and settled into one of the lounge chairs. We enjoyed comfortable silence, listening to the waves and the girl's giggly chitchat. "It's nice to see Bella relaxed and happy," Emmett mused. "You think she's happy?" Were we talking about the same woman? She didn't seem that way when I saw her. He shrugged. "Yeah, I think she is. With your engagement, I think she can finally move on." He gave me a sheepish look. "You didn't hear it from me, but I think she always thought there was hope you two might reconcile, but now …" He trailed off and I finished for him. "But now there's no hope." He took a sip of his beer. "Yeah." I saw a figure approaching the girls and jumped up to investigate. It was late and even though this was an upscale area, you never knew what you'd get at the beach. Em was right on my heels, also concerned. We cut the lurker off before he got to Bella and Rose. "Hello, Ed." Garrett Storm, Tanya's celebrity chef cousin shook my hand. "Garrett, hi, I thought you weren't coming until tomorrow?" Yeah dickhead, you're early and it's Edward, not Ed. "Sorry, about that. We wrapped shooting the show early, so I decided to head up. I would have called, but my phone died," he explained. Tanya left me a message; she invited her cousin for the week, since his plans fell through. "Oh. My. Gawd. You're Garrett Storm," Bella squealed and ran over. "Hi, and you are?" He asked with delight as he shook her hand. He clasped his other hand around hers and looked completely smitten. What the hell. Why was everyone after my ex-wife all of a sudden? The girls got Garrett a wine glass and opened up another bottle. They listened in complete awe as he told story after story about being a celebrity chef. I didn't see what the big deal was? Em and I retreated back to the side porch. The three of them were so caught up in their 'talk,' they didn't see us walk away. I was annoyed and tired, but I felt responsible for the house and compelled to stay up. I was going to be tired and grumpy tomorrow. Em shrugged, seeming to be unimpressed with Garrett. "Don't worry dude, you're taller." What the hell? First Evan, now Em. "I'm just worried about my children's mother and who she spends her time with. Bella is free to date whoever makes her happy," I clarified, again . Em smiled and played with the frayed label on his beer bottle. "Sure, sure. Just saying, you're taller." He smiled and I swear his dimples mocked me. This was going to be a long 'Week of fun."