phased, and now... it's wonderful, Jake. How are you? I heard you got married. A large russet wolf appeared in front of me and he looked at me with sad eyes. Yeah, I got married. A huge wall clamped down in my mind, and I was momentarily stunned. I recognised it as him protecting his thoughts, and I guessed he was hiding him and Bella's intimate moments from me. I decided not to interfere. You know, I wish I hadn't missed so much really. You guys picked that one year I was away to do all the interesting stuff, I thought snidely. I mean, Ems had Levi, you got married, Jared got married, Rachel and Paul got married... Yeah, it was a pretty hectic year for the pack. We missed you. I know. You guys are nothing without me. The wolf moved over to me, and nudged my shoulder playfully. He let out his tongue, holding it out in a lopsided manner, like some idiotic little wolf. Hey, he scoffed, I'm definitely not little. I snorted , Fine; I won't be hurting your pride anymore. How's married life treating you? Again, the wall clamped down. It startled me when he did that, and I jumped slightly when it happened. Jacob seemed to sense my surprise, then relaxed a bit. No, it's okay, Lee. Just... going through a rough patch. Suddenly, my mind was filled with images of Bella walking away with a small suitcase in her hand, college applications spread on the table, fights, nights sleeping on the couch... Wow, Jake. That sucks, I'm sorry. She left for college? She just went to check everything out, try to get her bearings around the dorms and stuff... So she accepted? The wolf in front of me shrugged indifferently. I guess she did. And what are you going to do? I mean, it's not fair on you. You put your whole life on hold just to stay back with her. I'm still getting used to her not being around. It's... weird. But I guess I should re-consider opening the garage in La Push... It would be a good way to fill up my time now that she's not going to be around. Did she consult with you? No. I sighed, then trotted over behind a tree and phased back, retrieving clothes from the duffel bag and slipping them on before I was joined by Jacob in human form. He pulled me into a hug and smiled. "I could use your female advice now and then. Would you consider taking up the Beta position again?" My eyes went wide when asked that. I had just returned from a tiring, but fulfilling journey. I wasn't sure if I could start shouldering responsibilities immediately. I stuttered slightly, then I closed my eyes. "I don't know, Jake. Can I think about it?" He smiled and squeezed my shoulder. "Sure, Lee." His eyes were soft as he studied my face, and his hand lingered on my shoulder for a little while too long. Then, I pulled away, feeling slightly uncomfortable. "See you round, Jake." -:- Rachel eyed me curiously. "You met Jake, didn't you?" "Yeah. What's up with him and Bella?" Rachel shrugged and handed me a steaming cup of coffee. Her new cottage—on a few doors down from Billy's—was extremely cosy. I burrowed myself into their olive couch, revelling in its comfort, and smiled up at Rachel sympathetically. "Don't tell Jake this, but I think they got married too quickly. They're still so... young. And Bella's a bit of a selfish kid." "Tell me about it. It's not fair on Jake, either, poor dude. Apart from having to co-ordinate a pack of morons, it's pretty tough having to deal with a stubborn ass wife back home." "Ask Paul, he should know a thing or two about stubborn wives," Paul said suddenly as he walked into the room and threw a wink my way. Rachel flipped him off then turned back to thumbing through the magazine she had in her hands in a bored manner. "Does he complain much?" Rachel asked then, eyeing Paul from beneath her lashes. He shrugged and took my coffee from my hands and chugged it down. I punched him in the gut for doing that and he scowled at me before he turned back to answer Rachel's question. "He's usually pretty guarded with his thoughts around us. Doesn't let us see much, especially when we're a pack. But then again, Jake was always like that." Rachel dismissed Paul's words and left to the kitchen to prepare some food, whilst I left the house and ran back into the woods, trying to soak up as much pine goodness as I could. -:- A gentle thudding. Then a growl. I opened my eyes and sifted through the thoughts in my head. Colours flashed by, trees moved in front of my eyes. I yawned, figuring it was one of the cubs. But then, the cliff appeared in my mind and I grew more alert. What the hell were they doing at the cliffs? The wolf was looking down at the crashing waves below and he sighed. I remained silent, clearing my own mind to be able to listen to his. He was pacing by the edge, and it worried me that he was so close. Suddenly, Bella's face appeared in my mind, and I realised it was Jacob who was looking down at the waves; it was Jacob's whose thoughts were so melancholy and sad... And it was Jacob who was wondering if he would make the fall or not. Chapter one- a load off of my chest ;) Now, this first chapter, unfortunately, doesn't provide much light into the actual plot of the story... but, really, I couldn't just throw in the plot in the first chapter... would've been too in-your-face. But, I hope you liked it and, as I said before, BE NICE TO LEAH. And review. I love me some reviews :3