better part of your granddaughter's interests don't extend beyond loud music and mini skirts." "Still..." "No. She's a beautiful, smart, outgoing young woman. Let her live." Esme watched her husband's face as she walked along his side, waiting for him to smile, to confirm that he understood her point, to show some evidence that he'd accepted her advice. When she didn't get what she was looking for, she reached up and playfully prodded his cheek until he gave her a begrudging grin. Abruptly he stopped walking in the middle of the sidewalk, turned to face her, and took both her hands in his. "What are we going to do?" he asked dramatically, his eyes misty with happy peril. Esme's laughter was like music. "Nothing!" she freely declared, tearing her hands out of his so she could hold his head straight. "Just sit back and watch." After thirty minutes or so of clearing their heads, they returned to the bar to find Renesmee waiting for them outside on the stoop. "There you two are!" she laughed. "Did you forget that I came in your car?" She reached to casually tug the hem of her skirt down, which still didn't reach mid-thigh. Carlisle looked away in brooding disapproval. "Where are your parents?" Esme asked. "They ditched me." "You asked for it," Carlisle replied smartly. "Oooh! The doctor prescribes me a taste of my own medicine!" If anyone could appreciate a snarky reply, it was Renesmee. Only Carlisle could manage to look regretful and proud at the same time. Esme pretended not to be shocked by their loaded exchange. "Alright, alright. What's in the box?" Esme changed the subject, poking the styrofoam container in Nessie's hand. "Espresso cheesecake. Liam bought it for me," she added with a flutter of smoky eyelashes. Carlisle's face was priceless. "Wasn't that nice," Esme said casually. "I won't ask who Liam is." Renesmee giggled as all they began to walk upstreet. "It's kinda cold out here," she remarked. Before she'd even finished her sentence, Carlisle was enthusiastically shedding his jacket. On an altruistic impulse, he sealed her bare shoulders snugly beneath a load of conservative black leather. Renesmee slumped beneath the added weight, adjusting awkwardly to balance herself beneath the too-large jacket. She turned suspicious eyes onto the silent doctor and mumbled, "Ummm, thanks." Esme muffled an irreverent giggle with the back of her hand. "So do you want to go anywhere else tonight, or are you ready for us to take you home?" Renesmee failed at stifling a yawn. "I know you guys are probably ready to get out of here, so we can go home if you want." Esme could practically feel the tension slough off her husband's shoulders. "Okay, sweetheart." The car ride was pleasant because Renesmee agreed to listen to the last ten minutes of soul train hour instead of club techno. "Who sings this song?" she asked, almost timidly, in the middle of a crooning 70's tune. Carlisle and Esme looked at each other in tentative disbelief at what might be a musical breakthrough. "The Delfonics," Carlisle answered carefully, afraid that one mispronounced syllable might cause her fragile inspiration to wilt. After waiting the token three extra seconds so as to not get their hopes up, she asked, "And what's the song called?" " Didn't I Blow Your Mind ?" supplied Esme. Nessie gave a little breathless kind of giggle and shuffled around with her phone for a few seconds before concealing it in her purse. After the song ended they pulled up to Edward and Bella's driveway. The porch lights were off, a clear sign that they had chosen to stay out. "Hm, wonder where they are?" Nessie questioned as she got her things together and prepared to get out of the car. "Do you want to come home with us tonight instead?" Esme asked hopefully. Nessie thought for a moment. "No, that's okay. I have my key, I'll be fine." "Okay." Carlisle parked the car and turned the engine off. Even though she could get into the house perfectly fine by herself, he insisted on getting out of the driver's seat and standing outside to watch her. She returned his leather jacket to him, and shivered when the cold night air hit her bare skin. She started to walk towards the house, looking so small and skinny and vulnerable in her tiny dress and heels. Then suddenly she remembered something, and reached into her purse to grab her phone. She promptly turned around to start running back to the car. "Oh, wait! I wanted to show you something, I forgot!" She turned her phone around and there, illuminated brightly on the smooth screen was a candid photo of Carlisle's profile, taken earlier in the evening. "I changed it to sepia tone. It's the effect you use to make photos look old." Carlisle and Esme stared blankly at the picture, waiting for the punchline. "Because I'm old?" Carlisle finally asked. "Yup!" Nessie chirped. "It's very becoming on you. Don't you think?" She looked between the photo and the real thing with an expectant grin on her face. Carlisle stepped back and pretended to appraise the photo with a thoughtful finger on his chin. "Yes, you're right. In fact, I think I should go jump in molasses right now." Esme and Nessie laughed, but only Esme saw her husband hesitate for an instant of doubt before he reached out to pull his granddaughter in for a hug. Nessie fiercely hugged him back. "Thank you," she murmured against his shoulder. Carlisle looked over at Esme as if she had an explanation. She only raised her eyebrows. "For what?" he ventured tentatively. "I wouldn't have been able to get through my first year of college without you." And just like that, that one sincere line of thanks made all the arguments, all the moody moments, all the inappropriate snapchats, all the loud music, and all the 'whatevers' worth it. Time does change things, after all.