started talking to her. Why was that wrong?" "It's not wrong. It just doesn't make sense to me." "Well, that I can't help. You obviously don't see yourself clearly." "So, there was no motivation other than you wanting to talk to me?" "I told you in the bathroom I wanted to fuck you the first time I laid eyes on you." A shiver runs through me at the memory. "But Bella, I had no clue how incredible that night would be. Believe me when I say, I was just as affected by it as you were. And for you to just piss on it because of my age the next morning…" He kicks at a rock on the ground and turns away from me briefly. I use the opportunity to wipe the few tears that have spilled down my cheeks. His back is still facing me, and I can't take it. I have to see his face again, so I speak. "It wasn't your age. It was the reality of our situation." This catches his attention, and when he turns around, he takes a few steps closer to me. "What reality are you talking about?" "Come on, Edward. Did you really see this working out? I'm old enough to be your mother. My son will be your frat brother for crying out loud! Not to mention all the gossip we'd create on the island." "I don't give a flying fuck about any of that." He clenches his jaw tightly and glares down at me. "I don't care how old you are. If I did, I would've asked that night at your house. I grew up having to watch my mother deal with that stupid gossip shit, and I hated it. It's one of the reasons why she left my dad. There's no way I'd let you suffer like that, too. As for your Garrett, he's a great guy, and I'll be proud to be his frat brother. But I know he loves you and wants you to be happy. If I'm the one who can do that, why would he have a problem with it?" His words breathe life into a heart that's been locked away for far too long. "What about your dad?" He scoffs. "He can think what he wants." "He wanted to date me before we met." "My dad has great taste; that doesn't surprise me. Did you want to date him, too?" "No. I tried… I tried to want to, but I just couldn't. The reason I was standing by the pool was because I was avoiding him." For some reason, this revelation amuses him, and he laughs. And laughs. And laughs. Eventually, I give in and laugh with him. I'm not exactly sure what's so funny, but it feels good to let go like this. It feels good just being with Edward. The laughter finally fades, and Edward becomes serious again. "Do you remember what you told me right before I got out of your car?" "That you're exactly what I need." This time, I don't correct myself. "Do you think it's possible for you to feel that way again?" My eyes fill with tears again as I admit, "I never stopped." Edward closes the distance between us and crushes his mouth to mine. I'm caught completely off guard, but thank goodness my body automatically knows to mold itself to his. I have no idea how long we stand there making out, but I really couldn't care less. I can't believe I've denied myself this kind of joy these last couple of weeks. We have a lot of time to make up. We break away in order to catch our breath, and Edward wipes the remaining moisture from under my eyes. It's been so long since someone has taken care of me… has wanted to take care of me… that his gesture warms me from head to toe. "So, how are we going to do this?" I ask. "Well, for starters, I'm going to take you on a date." "A date, huh? That sounds nice." We link fingers and walk back into Garrett's building. "What did you have in mind for our first date?" "How'd you like to go to a frat party tonight?" His eyes are alight with mischief, and he just looks so damn happy. I do that for him— me . I can only hope he knows he does the same for me. In fact, I plan on making sure he does. "No frat parties!" "Okay, okay, no frat parties. How about I surprise you?" "Yeah, I think I can handle that." Honestly, I don't care what we do or where we go. I just want to be with him. "How are we going to tell Garrett?" "Don't worry about him. Before I knew he was your son, I'd told him about this hot mom I met at a party a couple of weeks ago. Now, we just have to tell him it was his hot mom I was referring to." Outside of Garrett's room, Edward wraps me in his arms and holds me close. "I was afraid I'd never get the chance to hold you like this again." The words are whispered into my hair, but I hear him loud and clear. "Me too," I tell him before kissing him gently. Remembering the conversation I had with Rose and Alice a few weeks ago, I smile knowing I've achieved a couple of the goals they set for me: I found me some man-meat, got laid, went crazy for a while, and most importantly, put myself out there. As I prepare to face an almost certain scandal in my future, I do what I've needed to do for so long. I let go. Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x