had let the girl alone graciously, but it was true she had too much freedom at her disposal. As her only family left, it was his duty to see to a worthy match. He shrugged at the thought of her coming arrival; it was a chore to be dealt with swiftly, nothing more. Then he could turn his attention with a keen eye to that of the situation with the Blue Phoenix. 000 Readying their convoy, the Capua Cullens ran about swiftly packing the necessities for their trip north. Bella had decided only a few attend her. She would take her trusted guards and her inner circle, but that was it. She left Charlie as care-taker to watch her villa and lands. Tears streaked across her face as she bid the old care-taker goodbye, "I will miss you," she promised solemnly. "Never fear child," Charlie replied, "All will be just the same when you return. Remember to stay true to yourself on your journey. Always trust your instincts; they will not fail you." Bella hugged the old man goodbye. She pondered his words as her caravan began the arduous journey north. In the company of Jasper, Alice, and Angela, the group stilled themselves for whatever obstacles lay ahead for them. Days later they arrived in Rome, the Beacon on the Hill seemed rather grimy and soiled to Bella. Nonetheless, the opulence of the capital could not be denied, nor the power it represented. The buildings were tall and striking with great care taken in the architecture of it all. The bath houses were new and innovative, museums and theaters to proclaim the countries creativity and flare for the arts. Bella's group made their way to her family house on the coveted Palatine. Servants had been sent ahead to prepare for their arrival. When Bella saw her family house, memories crept up on her, memories of better times where she had been surrounded by family. The house on the hill looked well-cared for, and Bella and her friends began the laborious of making their new environment like home. "Bella," Angela called hesitantly. "You certainly won't be able to attend court like that—think of their reactions." "Yes," agreed Jasper. "Wearing black in the presence of the emperor is considered blasphemous, it will cause unwanted problems." "I care not," stated Bella callously. "I am in mourning after all. He should understand more than any, he is family." Her friends exchanged looks worriedly. "Yes," Jasper conceded. "But he also gave the order to end her life." Bella simply shrugged at this, she wanted to remind her uncle just what grievous affect his actions caused. She cared not for herself in this matter. The next day, the group made the journey towards the palace. Bella wore her typical black ensemble, with her hair arranged half up, half down in Roman fashion, but devoid of a wig, accentuating her long brown locks. Her three friends wore the typical wear for royal slave—orange tunics, though nicer then the orange other slaves had to adorn. Her dawning the black would be the only statement made this day. 000 "Announcing Isabella Cullen of Capua," stated the commentator. Edward heard whispers before he saw the girl herself. She wears black in the presence of the emperor!? Can you believe the gull of her? She arrives with slaves doing her bidding? Does she have no one of notoriety to escort her? Edward rolled his eyes turning to look at the girl that sparked all the gossip herself. Expecting to see the child he had met several years prior, he was mildly surprised to say the least at the woman he saw before him. Though her features were far from classically beautiful like that of Rosalie, she had a striking honest beauty about her. Her hair was unadorned but still long, thick, and luscious, curling at the bottoms in proper Roman fashion. Her eyes were heavily rimmed with dark lashes encasing honey colored orbs that seemed depthless and doe eyed. She screamed, vulnerability, she had a face Edward knew many would fight to do defend, and that in itself was a danger. He hated her immediately yet was intrigued by her. It was time for Isabella to bow to him deeply, calling him some title fit for a deity. Edward knew the process, each of his followers always tried to outdo one another in who could bow the lowest. He watched her like a hawk, as she slowly inclined her head ever so minutely and greeted him with a one word, "Uncle." There was an audible gasp throughout the court as members of the audience shook with wonder at the impudence of the girl. Surely she had known Edward had killed for less? Eyes were glued to him seeing what his next move may be. Steeling himself, and covering his scowl with a dismissive, blank face, Edward answered back, "Isabella, my niece." He could tell the crowd was surprised with the acceptance he had extended her. He widened his arms in an invitation to embrace him. He, however, did not soften his eyes or the malice that lay within them. Isabella approached Edward gradually with a hint of confidence, not breaking eye contact. Once she reached him, she slowly put her arms out, meeting his icy glare with a warm smile of her own, though her eyes were quite insolent. Emboldened, he circled his arms around her and pulled her to him, marveling in the sweet scent of her hair—so different from that of the wigs he was used to. It smelled of the sea and...wild flowers. The girl felt fragile in his arms as if she may break any moment. It was like that of a person who bore the weight of the world on her shoulders. She looked up at him then, mere inches from his face, "It's Bella, uncle. Remember?" Amid the shocked whispers and intake of breaths at her correction, Edward thought steadily, yes I definitely hate her.