down to my face. His hot breath assaulted my face, toothpaste and aftershave clogging my senses. "I hope that was as good for you as it was for me." He attacked my mouth, tasting every gum and tooth before pulling away. My vision went black as he moved to leave the room, which I was thankful for as my body screamed in agony. Is my baby okay? Please be alright. Please be alright. xxx It was dark when I woke up, which meant I had to have been asleep for hours. Doctor appointment at around noon, and the ordeal happened around six this evening. I looked up at the wall clock up on the wall, 10:06. Shit, I had been asleep for hours. And Will still wasn't back yet. If he had been, I would be in even more pain. Eyes full of sleep, I slowly lifted myself off the floor, biting my lip to keep in my agonized scream. I ached all over, but none more than my private area. When I finally had my pants off I looked around and something shiny caught my eye. A silver fliphone. No, wait. With trembling legs I stepped closer to the counter, leaning onto it for support before grabbing it greedily in my hands. Will's phone. Probably forgot it after the whole ordeal. Tears pricked my eyes in happiness. This had to be a sign, life was finally looking up. Without wasting time I typed in three little numbers and held it up to my ear as my real first smile in months became plastered onto my face. "Nine-one-one, what is your emergency?" xxx "You fucking bitch, how dare you take my phone!" The police would be arriving any second, but I still was left with the aftermath of what I had done. Guilt was the first emotion I had felt after he had caught me, with thoughts of, I shouldn't have done that and how could I be so stupid. I love William, didn't I? He only did it out of love. I deserved it. But then he tackled me and all those thoughts vanished, and I was only filled with happiness and anger. Every punch I took to the face would only serve to put him away faster. Sirens rang in the distance, but I couldn't really concentrate on it. Blood spurted from gums, and my teeth became loose. "I'll make sure you never breath again, you whore." His large hands wrapped around my neck and squeezed tightly, my eyes widening as my air supply was cut off. "You'll never win." I sputtered out, my arms flailing around for a way to hit him off. My nails dug deep into the meat of his cheeks. William's hands let go as he held his bleeding face, glaring down at me. "It's my turn to win this time." "No wonder I beat you. You always seem to fuck up things." His face turned up into a grin, and I felt myself tremble under his hold. "Not this time, though. You're never going to fuck up anything in my life again." "Please, please don't." I rasped out, hitting as his hands pitifully. "You're going to die, Breanna. And I'm going to be the one that kills you." My brain felt like it would explode as I uselessly tried to fight back against my attacker, but there nothing I could really do except hope the cops got here in time. "William." "Save your last breaths, sweetheart. You're going to need them." No, my baby. My baby. I couldn't let him kill my baby. My life was already basically over; I was going to live my life under William's thumb until I found out about the precious thing inside of me. My mother wasn't talking to me, my father was god knows where. My whole family was gone accept for the person I was carrying. And I was letting him or her down to. As my vision started to grow dark I let myself relax, trying to let go. I'm so sorry I've failed you, baby. I love you. My eyes shut on their own accord, and the last thing I see is William's radiant green eyes. How much I had loved them, and now I felt sick just staring at the sight of him. My vision went dark just as the door slammed open. " Police! Put your hands where I can see them!" xxx xxx NEXT TIME ON "CALLING FROM THE ASHES": Chapter Two. I woke up freezing and disoriented, but I couldn't get the strength to open my eyes, let alone pull up my covers. Where was I? Machines sputtered in the background, while voices quietly talked around me. "And you are sure she'll wake up?" "Of course, sir. Any time now. Don't worry, she is in good hands." Was I at the hospital? Memories started to surface in my brain as I thought to myself, and I internally I cringed as I remember the beating and the arrest. William was in jail, and when he got out he would be livid with me. Instinctively my hands twitched protectively towards my stomach. My baby? Were they alright? "That's what Helen told me." The words were only a whisper, not meant for the women to hear them, but I did. Helen, that was my mom. How would this guy know her? Did she get another assistant? Light footsteps padded out the door, and it closed behind her. The man beside me breathed out a deep sigh, and I internally shivered. Who was this guy? He sighed again, gruffly this time, before he continued talking. "My poor baby, if I had known this would happen I would never have left you with her. I am so sorry." Baby? Sorry? This just keeps getting weirder and weirder. Slowly, I attempted to open my eyes but they shut back down, and a wave of exhaustion covered me. I was so tired, I could sleep forever.