us. I just cannot be your doctor anymore." Bella then started laughing. "What?" "I just realized that my mom's boyfriend is younger than you." "Really?" "Yeah, she's been dating this guy Phil; he's barely thirty." "Wow, hmm, okay then," I said. "Is that one of the reasons you wanted to move away?" "Partly. My mom hasn't been the most involved parent since my dad died ten years ago. She's very selfish and rarely cared what I was up to. So I busted my ass in school so I could get a scholarship and it paid off. I'm here on a full ride, another reason I got a single room. I don't care if I ever go back to Phoenix." "Seattle can be your new home." I kissed her lips softly. "I can be your new home." "That sounds nice," she stated. "I've never felt like I had real home." "Well, you do now," I told her. She nestled in closer to me and then sighed. I could tell there was something on her mind. "What is it?" I asked. She didn't respond. "Come on Bella, you can tell me anything. I think we've established that." "I guess, I was just wondering if you were satisfied with me?" I felt her face heating up as she spoke. I turned us so she was again on her back and I was hovering over her. I leaned down and kissed her forehead, then her nose, then her lips. "I can't even begin to tell you how good that was; how amazing you felt. You did more than satisfy me. I don't think I ever came so hard in my life, it was perfect." "Really?" she questioned. "I didn't really know what I was doing." "You were perfect, and yes really," I whispered against her lips. "This was so unexpected, but it was the best unexpected thing to ever happen to me. I can't tell how long I've waited for you." One Month Later. My alarm woke me up at six a.m. and when I opened my eyes, I smiled at the familiar sight that was next to me. Bella was sound asleep and breathing evenly. I loved watching her sleep, especially when she was naked. She was lying on her side, facing me, the sheet was draped over her hip and her arms mostly covered her breasts, but I could see the outline of them. She'd become such a big part of my life over the past month. She spent more and more time at my condo; it seemed the only time she was at her dorm was if she had a project due or an exam to study for. However, for the most part she was here. I'd even given her a couple drawers my dresser and space in my closet. I never wanted to be without her; she was in my life and that was where I wanted her to stay. I lightly kissed her forehead and quietly got out of bed. I used the bathroom and then went to the kitchen in search of coffee. Sitting at the table, sipping my coffee, I sighed when I heard my phone vibrating. "Good morning, little sister," I said. "Morning, Edward," she replied. "How's it going?" "It's going well, thanks. How are Jasper and the kids?" "Everyone is well," she answered. "So Edward, it's been a while since I harassed you... and I'm just going to say that Jasper has this girl that works in his..." "No, Alice." I cut her off. "Edward, come the hell on, you're never going to meet anyone with that attitude," she barked. "Alice, I'm saying no because it just so happens, that I did meet someone, all on my own, thank you very much." "You did?" "I did, and I couldn't be happier." "Well color me happy," Alice cheered. "What's her name?" "Her name is Bella." "When do I get to meet her?" "Soon Alice." "Oh, come on Edward," she argued. "You have to give me something here." Just then, I looked up and saw Bella come into the kitchen. She was wearing the white button down shirt that I had worn the previous night. Last I saw it, it was lying on the bedroom floor, and now it covered her naked body. My mouth ran dry. "Uh Alice, I've gotta go." "Edward..." "Bye, Alice." I hung up the phone, raked my eyes over Bella's body, then cleared my throat. "I didn't mean to wake you, but fuck me, I'm glad I did. You look hot in my shirt, babe." "I woke up and you were gone," she pouted. She walked over toward me and straddled my lap. I gasped when I realized she wasn't wearing any panties, and she was wet. I could feel her through the cotton of my boxers and it instantly made me hard. "I was cold, care to warm me up?" I ran my hands up her bare thighs and rested them on her hips. I then moved my hands up under the shirt, and cupped her breasts. "I'd love to warm you up." I felt her pulling at the waistband of my boxers, so I moved my hands from her breasts and helped her free my cock. "What about work?" she asked. "Aren't you going to be late?" "My first appointment isn't until ten." "What a coincidence, my first class isn't until ten." "See? We're made for each other," I said, kissing her hard on her mouth. She then rose up and lowered herself down onto my cock, taking me all the way inside her. "We... ah, God, fit well together too," she grunted and closed her eyes. "Never better," I groaned. "I love you so much, Bella." "I love you, too." Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x