her. I was going to kill that conniving little skank. "I know Alice, Bella, because she's my stepdaughter. And I never knew you because you weren't friends." I closed my eyes, but kept my mouth shut as he continued, his hand skimming the skin on my thigh. "I divorced her mother last year. You're actually the first woman I've asked out since." Okay, so it wasn't as bad as I'd thought. She hadn't sent him to literally fuck with me. "And why...wait, you knew about Alice knocking me over. Edward, what the hell?" I pushed his hand off me and sat up, covering my tits so he couldn't see the girls as he spoke. "I saw her do it. I tried to stop her." He scratched his neck and ran a hand over his face. "She dared me, Bella. She didn't think I'd do it. I don't know. I'm not sure what her motive was, but I'm glad I listened. She...her mother is a tyrant. Alice was actually a blessing in disguise." He sat next to me and kissed my shoulder. "I hope she didn't hurt you." "A blessing? She made my teenage life a living hell and I was, what, a bet to her? To you?" I moved away from him and pulled the bedsheet with me to cover up. "Get out of my house, Edward." I pointed toward the door, totally expecting him to get dressed and leave. My throat tightened and tears were already pooling in the corners of my eyes. That bastard. He was going to make me cry. I didn't want to give him or Alice the satisfaction, but it seemed I couldn't help it. He kneeled on my bed, fully exposed. I had a hard time pulling my eyes off his naked body. He was a hot forty-something-year-old who could have given all my past, much younger boyfriends a run for their money. "Bella, this isn't about her. It stopped being about her the moment I spoke to you in that store," he implored. He ran a hand through his hair and reached for the sheet I was holding against my body. "I swear, this is all me. I know what a little bitch she was. I lived with her for many years." I didn't speak. I couldn't find the right words. He continued, "Bella, she changed once she left town." I ran a hand through my hair and sniffed. "She didn't change that much. I bet she enjoyed watching me fall." He shook his head. "I don't know about that." He looked away and frowned. "I hadn't seen her in a few years and was just catching up with her. She saw you before doing that and teased that I should ask you out. She said you were always a nice girl even when she treated you like crap. She thought we would have things in common." I scoffed. "Wow. I can't...she did this?" I wiped the tear from my cheek. I'd been so wrong. This whole evening. Everything. "I don't want to hurt you. I really like you, Bella." I let him pull me closer. "Please believe me." He seemed so sincere. I wanted to believe him. "I liked you, too." I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. I didn't want to be a snot-sobbing mess. Not for this. Not for him and certainly not for Alice. I was better than this. "Why didn't you tell me before? Especially since you knew we had a history." I kept the sheet against me; my hand on my heart as if I was trying to hold it together. It was close to shattering, which was strange since I'd just met this man. Could heartbreak happen that quickly? I didn't want to know. "I didn't want to scare you away." He smoothed away another wayward tear. "I'm sorry." "You're not lying to me, right? This isn't some sort of elaborate scheme for her to keep torturing me, right? I mean, she really was a mean girl." I jutted out my bottom lip and loosened my grip on the sheet just a tad. He pulled it away and let it fall to the floor. "Definitely not. I promise." "Good. Mean girls like her should get hit by busses." I sniffed and giggled at my own joke. I was tired and emotionally spent. "What?" He sort of smiled and scrunched up his face. He didn't get it and that was fine. I kissed him and crawled over his lap. "Nevermind. Bad movie reference." He stroked my back and kissed my forehead. "What's the etiquette, here? Can I stay?" I nodded. "Anything else you need to confess?" He didn't reply as we got lost in a kiss and ended up rolling around on my bed. I settled in his arms and we pulled the covers over us. He drew shapes on my back as he spoke. "I was worried about the holidays, but maybe December won't be so bad." I rested my head on his chest and listened to his heartbeat. He was comfortable and felt good. I couldn't help but think that maybe this was how it happened. This was how people fell in love. You didn't go out looking for it; it just found you in a grocery store aisle. Sometimes, it was pushed by some unnamed force, namely one Alice Brandon. At the time, I didn't know if he was going to be the love of my life—he was. I wasn't sure if we were going to make it past that one night—we did. But Mom's words came back to haunt me once in a while, and I couldn't help thinking that sometimes she really did know what she was talking about. -THE END- Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x