over her. 'Fucking hell she stinks,' the witch whispered, and with a grimace touched a circular symbol that lay behind her ear. A warm, sun-red glow suddenly appeared on Atepa's skin, and as the witch closed her eyes, her concentration strengthening with each breath, the girl's body suddenly stopped shivering. The witch licked her lips as the world suddenly tilted and she clasped a hand to her forehead as blood trickled from her nose. Sam's hand suddenly landed on her shoulder, studying the witch as her world spin. 'Are you all right?' he asked. Atepa swallowed hard, biting back bile as her neck warmed. 'Yes,' she stated, straightening when the spinning has seized. 'I'm fine — just a little tired… I haven't had a decent night sleep in weeks,' 'That's expected,' Sam said, stepping towards, Atepa grip tightening as the two walked away from the cold wood. 'You've been travelling for two years.' Atepa snorted. 'Yeah,' she said, as the warm, yellowy light of a house suddenly broke through the darkness. The witch paused, releasing her grip on Sam's arm and pulling it gently on the girl's hand. 'She's awake,' the witch said. Sam glanced down at Isabella, who's head lolled as she tried to figure out where she was, and then with a small sigh, the Alpha and the witch broke out of the woods and into someone's backyard. The house was small, it's white wooden siding gleaming in the dark night and as Atepa craned her neck to see the shingled roof, her gaze landed on the huddled figures who stood in front of the home. It had been a while since she had seen William Black. Jr. but the Elder of La Push had changed very little in the two years that Atepa had been away. He still sat in his wheelchair, his long black hair obscuring his deeply wrinkled face and dark russet skin, however, as the two approached, his black eyes watched his friend with mild eyes. Standing beside William, with a thin moustache and a mane of curly brown hair, Charles Swan tall form hunkered over a phone, his fingers shakily pressing the buttons as if afraid that if she were to drop it then his entire world would drop. Off to the left, Harry Clearwater peered into the small table that sat infant of him, his black eyes peering over several maps, his black hair falling to his shoulders as his hands tightening and untightening in anger over his large belly. Charles muttered something and Harry's gaze wandered from the maps for a brief second, before the elder man placed a warm hand on his friend's shoulder. He said something, reassuring the middle aged man that they would find his daughter. Suddenly, a young teen, who was standing beside Willian turned, his dark eyes widening when they settled on Atepa and Sam. 'Charlie!' he cried. The policeman turned, his dark eyes widening in surprise as he noticed the fierce expression of Sam's face, Atepa's drooping eyes and his daughter huddled in the man's strong arms. She's all right,' Sam said, as if reassuring the crowd more than Charles himself as the Chief approached the two, 'Mo and I found her in the woods,' Atepa nodded, her eyes downcast as Charles stopped in front of Sam, his dark eyes searching his daughter's cold, exhausted face. 'I got her,' Charles whispered, gently taking his only child from the young man's arms. The Chief of Police looked at the two, his face tight. 'Thank you, Sam. Morgan, welcome back,' Atepa nodded, a thin smile gracing her lips at the mention of her alias. Sam nodded in return as Atepa's gaze landed on Harry's ashen cheeks. He nodded at the witch and the Alpha and Sam gently bowed his head in return as Atepa raised her hand. Carefully, the witch turned to look at Sam, but the Alpha was already looking past Harry, towards a long haired boy who stood beside a small table. He was tall, taller than Sam, standing at almost six foot seven, and his body was somewhere in-between lean and muscular as if the wolf that would one day roam inside of him hadn't made up his mind what to do with itself. There was something familiar about the boy, maybe it was due to the fact that he was of Quileute descent, but something about his dark eyes and russet skin caused the hairs on Atepa's forearms to rise. She had seen those eyes before — but from where? The boy turned towards the Alpha and the witch, studying the two behind his long hair. Sam scowled and Atepa gently hit his arm. 'Stop staring,' she hissed. 'You'll unnerve the boy,' The boy, now uncomfortable, looked away, his gaze studying Charlie and Isabella as the two Swans entered their home and with a small sigh, walked away. 'Is he next?' Atepa asked, watching the boy with mild interest. 'Not yet, but he'll change pretty soon,' Sam replied, turning to face the witch, a small frown caressing his face. 'He's Billy's son,' Atepa raised her eyebrows. 'Well, then,' she said as the two turned away, 'I better get my things ready — I have a funny feeling the pack is about to get bigger,' 'By how many?' 'Oh,' Atepa said, placing her hands behind her head, 'by the end of the year? Maybe fifteen or sixteen new wolves,' She spun around to face Sam a wild grin kissing her lips. 'You, Alpha, are certainly going to have your work cut out,' Sam growled as Atepa's loud, carefree laugh echoed through the dark night and somewhere beyond the blackened wood, a pair of misty blue eyes opened. A young witch wriggled her fingers, trying to stop the horrid tingly feeling that coursed through her blood as her soul returned to her body, raven feathers sticking to her black hair. Elu smiled. After nearly two years of waiting, her sister had finally come back home…