class. The next couple of hours were uneventful. Mostly all that people talked about was how awesome Jess and Lauren were. All the guys were now talking about asking them out again. They seemed to have forgotten all of the flaws that made them break up with the girls in the first place. Edward grimaced, thinking of all the guys Jess and Lauren dated. Thank god I wasn't one of them. I'd rather become a priest than put my cock anywhere near the girls at this school. After the bell rang, he breathed a sigh of relief. Only one more hour left and then he could go home. He swithced his books in his locker, when Mike came and punched him in the arm. Annoyed, he slammed his locker and ignored Mike's attempts at getting his attention. Walking to English, he caught the end of Mike's idea. "So I was thinking we could go there tonight, to catch that movie. All the guys are pitching in. So how about it?" He never did understand how no matter the situation, Mike could always make it sound like a nervous date. "I Can't. I am working tonight. Maybe some other time," Edward said as he waved to Angela who was making her way to English as well. Mike looked crestfallen, and mumbled his bye and walked to his own class. "Hey Angela. Did you finish the book?" Angela smiled with a slight color on her cheeks. Angela was one of his best friends. They played together since kindergarten. "Yes. Did you? How did you like the ending?" Edward slung his arm around her and they walked into class. "Yeah I finished it. The ending was my favorite, I couldn't put it down. I stayed up until three reading it. I was pissed I was up so late," Edward said. "I finished it the other day. I had the same problem too; I was so upset that I stayed up so late!" Angela looked upset, which made Edward laugh. "So, you're telling me that you are upset that you had to stay up late on a weekend to finish a book that didn't need to be read until Monday?" Angela looked sheepish, and nodded. "Yeah. I'll see you after class, Ang. Do you need a ride?" He winked at her and she rolled her eyes. "Oh yeah, Edward. I would love a ride in your imaginary car. Do you want a ride, Edward? You know, you could just ask me the normal way you know..." Edward pouted and looked at her with sad eyes. "But Angy, you love to give me rides. What about your christianly duties?" Angela slapped his arm and sat in her seat. Huffing, she grabbed her books out of her backpack. "Fine. I will give you a ride, and there are no "christianly duties", besides being faithful, going to church, and loving one another." Angela always hated when he used that against her. The worst was when he convinced her that her duty was to jump from a bridge with him. They jumped from the bridge into a shallow stream, resulting in Edward's broken arm and a belt from her dad. Edward winked at her, and the bell rang. He looked around and noticed next to his seat was the new girl again. She looked fine. Not a hair out of place. Her light makeup was flawless, and he couldn't see any bruises. Debating if he should ask how she's doing, he grabbed his own books out. He didn't want to embarrass her, so he decided to just let it lie. Nothing happened throughout class, just reviewing the book. When the bell rang, Bella got up quickly and made her way out of the class before anyone else. Angela and Edward walked out to her car, a grey bug she got for her birthday last year. They drove to his house, parking in front. "What time do you have to work tonight?" Checking her mirrors, she grabbed her lip gloss and applied some. Edward looked at her pouting lips, and slowly moved closer, kissing her. She didn't stop him, but a few seconds later, they both broke out in giggles. She slapped his arm and shoved him away. "Edward! We talked about this! Everytime we've tried, it hasn't worked! You are cute, but not my type. I thought we weren't going to do this anymore..." Edward smiled, but inside he was pissed. Not at her, but at himself. He didn't like her like that, and while it sounded like a good idea a few months ago, he knew how fucking shitty it was. They had no chemistry, no desire, and while she was adorable, he thought of her only as a sister. "I know. Sorry. I just keep thinking that the more we try, it'll work. Just promise me we'll bite the bullet if it came to me touching any of the skanks at Forks, alright?" She laughed and nodded. "Deal", Angela said. Edward hated the idea of corrupting innocent Angela, but he hated the idea of fucking Jessica or any of the other girls more. There had to be better out there than the fake, nasty bitches of Forks. He knew the first chance they got they'd find a way to trap him or something. He just had to hold out for another year, when he could leave this god-forsaken place and go to college in Texas, or California, or Florida. Somewhere warm and not as rainy. "I need to work... now, actually. Fuck, I'm sorry. Could you take me there? If I'm late again this week Mrs. Weaver is going to sack me," Edward said. "Might as well. Better than going home to help Mother with the kids. So, Edward… what do you think of the new girl?" Angela started the car, and headed for the only grocery store in town. A.N.- Please let me know what you think! Hate it? Love it? Have a great day!