never good enough for him. His ego was hurt, so Isabella let him vent. It was only fair. Now on her bed, though, she had no reason not to call Edward. Except nerves. Hitting call, Isabella held her cell to her ear. It kept ringing. And ringing. He didn't want to talk to her. Isabella let a single tear fall down her cheek as she opened the heart-shaped box on her bedside table. Fingering the dried periwinkle petals, she realized how stupid she had been. Putting the box back, Isabella cried into her pillow until she fell asleep. BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP. Isabella groaned as she rolled over and glanced at her alarm clock before picking up her cell, which was now vibrating along her bedside table. Who on Earth was calling her at three in the morning? She didn't even look at the name on the screen before she answered. "Hello," her sleepy voice croaked out. "My beautiful girl." Suddenly, Isabella was wide awake. "Sorry to call you so late. I'm at work and just checked my cell." "I was calling to say I miss you." It was freeing to finally tell him. Edward couldn't think of anything he would rather hear. "I miss you too." He went quiet on his end of the line before she heard him take a deep breath. "I asked Kate for divorce. She moved out three days ago." The complete and utter bliss Isabella felt couldn't be described. Her heart, shattered just moments before, now felt light. Happy. Whole. "Can I take you to dinner tonight so we can talk?" Edward was embarrassed that, at thirty-eight, he could still sound so nervous. "I would love that, so much." Isabella nodded excitedly, even though Edward couldn't see. "I'll make a reservation and call you with the time." They said goodbye and hung up. It was useless for Isabella to try to sleep. Instead she lay there, the butterflies in her stomach bringing a smile to her face. Telling her father about Edward's age was scary, but Isabella didn't want him to react badly when they met. "Are you sure he's who you want to be with?" Charles asked. Isabella looked her father in the eyes. They used to be a beautiful, emotion-filled brown, but since he'd overheard Renee, they had been dull and lifeless. She knew he would understand. "I don't want to be with him. I need to be with him. I love him, Daddy." "Well, age is just a number. But … you're still my princess, so he will get my twenty questions." Charles smiled at his daughter as she wrapped her arms around him. "I wouldn't expect anything less, Daddy." Renee stood next to Isabella as she opened the front door. Edward was standing there in a suit and tie, looking like a sex god. "You look beautiful, Bella," were Edward's first words as the door opened. Isabella was in a figure-hugging black strapless dress that stopped at her knees. Her hair was parted at the side and flowing down her back. And those heels. "You too. Edward, this is my mother, Renee." "Mrs. Swan." Edward nodded slightly as he held his hand out. "Mr. Cullen." Renee couldn't hide the disdain in her voice. "Doctor Cullen," Edward replied politely. "Ex cuse me?" "I didn't have many friends growing up, because I knew from an early age that I wanted to be a doctor. So instead of going out with friends, I studied. I studied hard through all my school and college days. My parents took out a second mortgage on our family home so my brother and I could attend college." Edward paused as Isabella placed her hand in his. "I spent every moment studying or sleeping. I finally graduated and worked my ass off to be the respected doctor I am. I may not be your version of wealthy, Mrs Swan, but everything I have, I own. And I own it because I earned it, including my title." Isabella couldn't stop her smile as her mother practically scowled. Before Renee could reply, Charles walked in. "Mayor Swan." Edward held his hand out for Charles to take. "Good to see you again, Doctor Cullen." Charles winked as a small smile played on his lips. Yeah, he had heard. "I couldn't believe you called. I was sure only I felt this way." Edward pulled Isabella's chair out as she sat down. The restaurant was small but classy. Each table was covered in white cloth, and the lights were low. "I had to see if you felt it too. My heart couldn't take the 'what if'." Being so honest was hard for Isabella. She'd spent her life saying what she thought everyone wanted to hear. "The twenty-year age difference doesn't bother you at all?" It had been Edward's biggest and only real concern. "It's just a number." Isabella smiled. They enjoyed their first real date together, knowing it was one of countless more to come, talking about their future together. Walking her up to her door, Edward told her he would pick her up at one o'clock the next afternoon, and then he gave her the most passionate kiss she'd ever experienced. It was the kind of kiss that sent all those butterflies that had only begun to show up when he came into her life, into a frenzy. After he drove away, Isabella went inside and straight to bed. Her night had been perfect, and she didn't want to ruin it by seeing her mother. Looking at her alarm clock, Isabella rested her head on her pillow. Her final thought put a smile on her face as she closed her eyes ... Thirteen hours and thirty-five minutes until I see Edward again. Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x