teased, dipping inside her briefly before replacing it with his finger. One, then two fingers easily slipped inside, forcing moans and whimpers from her throat. Edward was a fast learner, keeping up the movements that caused the most reactions from her. Flicking the barbell with his tongue caused her to clamp down on his fingers inside her, her head thrashing from side to side, her thighs coming up on each side of his face. Her small frame shook with the intensity of her orgasm, and Edward reveled at the sight. He mouthed his way up her belly to kiss and lick at her nipples. "I want to be inside you," he whispered hoarsely. "Yes," she answered breathlessly, her eyes closed and face flushed. She lifted her hand and pointed at the vanity table on the other end of the room. "In the . . . the red box," she murmured. Edward rushed over to the coveted red box, finding condoms stashed between her makeup. "Wait," Bella said, as he stood beside the bed, ready to rip open the package. "Touch yourself." Her voice was husky and low, her hands traveling over her body. He stood closer to the bed, as close to her as he could get. He grabbed his dick with his right hand and rubbed up and down, moving the foreskin over the head repeatedly with long, slow strokes. Seeing Bella playing with her nipples, as she was spread out on the bed, her skin creamy white with dashes of colorful and black ink, made him growl desperately. "I-I can't, Bella. It's too . . . God, you're so sexy." He rolled the condom on before getting back on the bed with her. He kissed her mouth, plunging his tongue inside in search of hers. "I apologize in advance, if I can't last," he whispered against the column of her neck. She chuckled and scratched her short, red nails along his back. "It's okay. Take it slow." Her voice was nearly a purr. She spread her legs wide, and he looked down, watching his dick slowly move inside her. Her pussy was glistening with her juices, her clit swollen and dark pink. Her breath hitched when he pushed deeper inside, her legs wrapping around his waist. Edward trembled as he held himself up on his elbows, his forehead leaning against hers. "So good," he whispered. "You're so wet, so tight, so . . . ungh." He started moving slowly, as she'd said — long, deep strokes, which made Bella go crazy. She desperately wanted him to speed up and take her hard and fast, but she also didn't want it to be over too soon. She was writhing under his deliciously slow torture. "Ah, Edward! I'm close, please . . ." She clawed at his back, bringing her heels to his ass to push him in harder and deeper. "Baby . . . I can't . . . fuck! " The shivering of her belly and contractions inside her broke him, and he started thrusting in earnest. Hard, deep strokes, the slapping sounds of flesh pounding flesh, — nails on his back that nearly drew blood, her teeth biting into his lower lip. "Aaaaaah, Bella … Please baby, please come, I'm —" "Yes, yes!" Her hips moved in rhythm with his as her body shook with her second orgasm, her pussy clenching around him, sending him flying over the edge. His eyes scrunched closed, seeing stars as he called out to both God and Bella. They were a panting heap of limbs for quite a while, languidly kissing and stroking each other's clammy skin. "You're beautiful," Edward murmured, his lips against the pink bow tattoo between her breasts. "Thank you, you're not so bad yourself," she said. Her hand ruffled through his hair, and he wanted to purr like a cat at how good it felt. He looked up at her and smiled, moving in to kiss her now lipstick-free mouth. "Does that mean that we can do this again sometime?" he asked between sweet pecks over her face. "I hope so." He kissed down her neck and sucked on the sweet spot where it curved into her shoulder. "Hey, Edward?" "Hmm?" "I want you to sleep on that tattoo for at least a couple of days, okay?" "Okay." His voice was muffled against her breast. When he started to suck on her nipple, Bella moaned. "If you decide to get it, I'll even do the tattoo for free, if you take me out," she said under her breath. Edward stopped what he was doing and looked into her warm brown eyes. "Out . . . as in out on a date?" "Yes. If you want to?" He chuckled. "If I want to . . . I wasn't really planning on letting you go, Bella." He moved his mouth to the other nipple, the one that was pierced. Bella writhed under him and lifted her hips up. His dick was already half-hard again, and he rubbed it along the soft skin of her inner thigh. "Wait, Edward. There's something I want to show you." She stopped him with a hand on his cheek, and he rolled to his side to give her space. She gathered her long hair in her hand and brought it to her front, turning her back to him. He hadn't had a chance to see the full expanse of her back until now. It was covered from her shoulder blades to the small of her back, in shades of black and gray, with a streak of pink here and there. Angel wings. "It's perfect," he said thickly, his fingers tracing the patterns. He wrapped his arms around her and snuggled close, hiding his tears in her hair. *A Prince Albert is a piercing that leads a c-shape barbell from the urinary meatus to the underside of the glans **An apadravya is a piercing leading a straight barbell right through the middle of the glans