help you with your ability." Emmett looked shocked that I knew of his power but I didn't let that derail me. "If the police arrive and find you still holding these people hostage at gun point there won't be any mercy, I promise you that. And I won't be able to help you hone in your power." Emmett seemed to absorb what I was saying before nodding slowly. He turned towards the bus and opened the door. "I…I'm Sorry…for everything…You…You all are…are free to go." Emmett yelled into the bus. The passengers hastily, but careful of Emmett, got off the bus just as the police arrived. Immediately they were shouting at Emmett to put the gun down or they'd shot. I stepped slowly towards Emmett and help out my hand where he placed it in my palm. He got down on his knees and put his hands behind his head. As they led him to the cruiser, I talked to the Police Chief, Charlie Swan. "Chief, please go easy on the kid. He was doing what he thought would help his family." I leaned in and whispered into his ear, "And he's a super. I promised to take him under my wing and will personally make sure this never happens again." Charlie sighed but agreed; knowing the best person to deal with an unruly super would be me. I glanced at my watch and my eyes widened in panic. Charlie noticed and decided to ask, "Got some where to be?" I nodded franticly, knowing I would now officially be late. Charlie chuckled and told me to come to the station tomorrow and told his deputy to handle it for the night, he too had somewhere to be and was officially off for the night. With a wave to Charlie and a smile to Emmett, I took off back to my car. Sighing as I pulled up outside the grand white church, I straightened my tie and made my way hastily up the stairs and entered the church. I smiled as I saw one of my olds friends, Carlisle, standing impatiently at the entrance to the hall. He exhaled a deep breath when he saw me and glared. "Where the hell have you been?" He snarled at me, "Do you even know what time it is?" I rolled my eyes and started to walk into the hall but Carlisle stopped me and turned me towards him. He reached up and ripped my face mask off and muttered under his breath "Idiot." I smiled at him and the two of us walked to the front of the church and stood at the alter with the pastor. I looked around and saw a mix of supers and normal people and smiled widely. I heard the music start and stood up straight. Three women walked down the Aisle, all dressed in the same dress that was described to me as "a strapless fit and flare organza gown in Coral reef," and it had layered look to the bottom. I smiled as Carlisle sighed when he saw his wife, Esme, who wasn't a super, and smiled thinking about how whipped the poor soul is. I stood up straighter as the all too familiar wedding march started. I smiled as I saw Bella on the arm of her father, Chief Charlie Swan. She was gorgeous. I remember Bella describing it as "a strapless tulle ball gown with allover gold lace," but I didn't care, she looked absolutely beautiful. I stepped down and smiled at Charlie as he passed me Bella, albeit very reluctantly, and went to sit with his wife. I smiled and walked Bella up to the alter and leaned down to whisper in her ear, "See Hart, I made it." I smiled as she shot me a glare and turned towards the Pastor. The ceremony was short and traditional but during it, I noticed something seemed to be bothering my Hart. I didn't think of it longer then necessary and the next thing I knew, we were pronounced Husband and Wife. I smiled and learned down and kissed Bella long and hard. Just as I pulled away, Bella pulled me down and whispered in my ear, "Edward, I love you and…" " I'm pregnant." Extra, extra! Read all about it! Today, Tuesday September 5, 2005, one of Chicago's beloved hero's appears in court! Manor was called to court today by the United States Government for violation of the Super's Act 103: The endangerment of citizens is unmoral and illegal. He is charge with the endangerment of 17 citizens being held hostage by a young man on a Grey Hound Bus. Manor argued that he saved their lives to which 14 of the citizens testified that he was protecting the young man who committed the crime. Manor did not protest it. The judge decided that Manor was guilty and was sentenced to go into hiding and never use his powers again or risk time in Prison. 3 months later No more Supers! Its official! A federal jury passed a law today stating that all supers are to go into hiding effective immediately. Any super caught using their powers will be sentenced to life in prison. The Supers are to return to their secret identities and never, ever, both the normal citizens of the United States with their dangerous abilities ever again. Author's Note Hey Guys! I know I haven't written anything in a while but this ideas been swirling in my head for a while now and I finally got it down on paper. REVIEW and tell me what you think. I don't plan to have a set update schedule so you'll have to hang on with me. Plus, this story is unbeta'd. IF ANY OF YOU WOULD BE WILLING TO BETA FOR ME JUST PM ME AND I'LL LET YOU KNOW! ALSO: Links to the bridesmaids and Bella's dresses will be on my profile so go check it out. DON'T FORGET TO REVIEW! Max