spend time with Edward after school so long as my homework was done when I came home. Edward was lounging on the hood of his car while he waited for me, and I knew that behind those sunglasses he was wearing, he was looking at the kids who passed him with amusement. He had always had a dangerous aura around him and, as with Alice, it caused people to walk around him with lots of space. While I still felt the taste of danger when I was with him, I had gotten quite used to it because I knew that he would never let any harm come to me. "Who are you waiting for, handsome?" I asked as I approached the car, and Edward turned his head and smiled widely when he saw me. "Well, I was waiting for my girlfriend, but I'd ditch her for you if you wanna come," he said and pulled down his sunglasses slightly so that I couldn't miss his wink. Immediately catching on to his sexual innuendo, I smirked and placed both of my hands on the hood so that I was practically leaning over him. "Oh, I definitely want to come," I said hoarsely, and that was all it took for him to grab the back of my neck and forcefully kiss me. I wasn't exactly complaining. A bout of giggles erupting behind us distracted me from my man's perfectly soft lips, and I leaned away from him so that I could look over my shoulder. As I suspected, the giggles were directed at us. A group of girls that looked more like Barbie dolls than human beings stood close together behind a tree and whispered amongst themselves while continuously casting looks our way. It annoyed me to such a degree that I felt it in my entire body. My breathing became labored and my eyes narrowed as I wished the girls would just disappear and leave us alone. "Angel, what's wrong?" Edward's voice sounded far away as my annoyance built into anger and caused my blood to pump behind my ears. My hands, which I'd placed on Edward's shoulders when he pulled me toward him, tightened, but if I hurt him, he didn't say anything. Suddenly, a thick branch cracked loudly above the girls' heads, which caused them to scream in fright and take several steps back. A very smart thing to do, because the branch fell down at the exact spot where they'd been standing seconds before. Uneasiness replaced the anger inside of me because even though I had no idea how, I had the feeling that I had caused that branch to fall. Had the girls not moved, they could have been seriously injured. "Whoa," I said under my breath, but I was brought out of my worried thoughts when I felt Edward's chest move up and down rapidly as he tried to hold back his laughter. I turned to look at him and frowned in question. "That was probably the fastest those girls have run in their entire life," he said, and I gave him a weak, unsure laugh in response, just so that he wouldn't think I felt sorry for the girls. "Yeah, I guess," I agreed, but my uneasiness did not let off. I got this weird aftertaste that made me certain I'd had something to do with the branch falling. The worst of it was that a part of me felt angry that the girls had moved out of the way. I tried to swallow down the lump that was building in my throat and pulled away from Edward completely. He was frowning because he could read me better than anyone and he probably saw that I wasn't completely okay, but he remained silent and hopped down from the hood on the driver's side. I felt very thankful when he changed the subject. "Is it okay for you to keep that bottle in your locker until Friday? We're having a party for Jimmy that night at my place." I nodded. "Yeah, of course," I said and climbed into the passenger seat. "Why are you giving him vodka, though? Isn't that a bit boring? You've known each other since, like, you were born." Edward shrugged and started the car. It vibrated underneath me as he revved the engine to scare a few freshmen out of the way, and he chuckled when they scattered in every direction. "It's Jimmy's favorite brand of vodka. It's imported, so it's not just any bottle of vodka," he said. "That's very nice of you. Must have cost quite a lot." "It's nothing, really." Edward waved away my compliment as if it made him uncomfortable. "As you said, Jimmy and I have known each other since we were both in diapers. We do this sort of thing all the time." I decided to let it go because I saw how he was grinding his teeth, causing the muscles in his jaw to tense up. That was a sure sign that Edward was uncomfortable, although I couldn't understand why. "So, what are we gonna do today?" I asked, and he immediately relaxed enough to give me one of his lopsided grins. "Anything you want, Angel. Sky's the limit." A/N: For those of you who have read BAOAT, you got a little background story here and I hope you enjoyed that. For all of you who haven't read the aforementioned story, you don't really have to because the entire one-shot will be covered in this story, just a lot more spread out over the chapters with lots of details that were never mentioned before! If you're very impatient, though, and want to know where this story is headed without waiting for the next chapter, the one-shot is available to be read! As I said above, I don't know how things will look for me next week, but hopefully, I will be around to give you the next chapter! Love you and see you all soon!