last three nights is called Chalked Up and Choked. This is pretty much how I've looked, and what I've done every time I've attempted it. "You look happy. Did you finally tick* that boulder?" I nod enthusiastically, my grin adding volume to my words. "Yes! Finally! I thought it was going to kill me, but I finally nailed it." I return the high five offered with a chalky hand. Alice directs me to the two I haven't yet met. "Bella, this handsome man is my boyfriend, Jasper." I shake the hand reaching toward me, returning the smile. Alice continues. "And this is his sister, Rosalie. Rose is Emmett's wife. She owns the sports massage place downstairs." Rosalie offers me a small wave as she appears to size me up. I return her wave, somewhat awkwardly. "Care to join us, Chalky? I can ask Laurent to hook you up with a harness if you don't have one with you," Emmett says. I shake my head. "Thanks for the offer, Emmett, but I'm fried." The burn is building in my forearms, and my legs are starting to feel like jelly. I need a hot bath. "I'm going to head home. I'll catch you later in the week, though?" He nods. "Definitely. This lot will likely be back in on Thursday. One of us can belay, if you'd like a real climb." It's been a few weeks since I've had any form of elevation, so I nod my agreement before saying my goodbyes. In the change rooms, I throw on my hoodie, leaving it unzipped, and stuff my climbing gear into my bag. As I walk towards the doors and pull them open, I'm thinking about a big bowl of leftover pasta for dinner. A whoosh of cold air hits me at the same time a solid wall of person does. Being the classy, coordinated kind of girl I am, I hit the ground with an expletive. My stuff scatters as I go sprawling. "Can't you at least watch where you walk?" a smooth voice snaps at me, as icy as the night air. I'm about to return the sentiment when I look up into the greenest pair of eyes I've ever seen. These eyes are not only green, but cold—and they are shooting invisible daggers directly at me. The asshole in question is topped with brown hair which is tinged in red and maybe a touch of gold. It's a true testament to his eyes that I noticed them before the rest of his tall, toned body. When I do notice his body, there's no stopping my eyes running across his business shirt-covered, defined chest. Rock climbing guys' bodies … there's really nothing like them. This one is clearly a climber. Broad, strong, muscled shoulders are hidden beneath a long-sleeved, button-down white shirt. His forearms—which are on full view, thanks to rolled-up sleeves—are lightly dusted with brown hair and ripple with roped muscles. They are further defined by veins that are more pronounced below the surface of his skin. Then, there are his hands. They are large, but I can't see his palms, which would confirm or deny my suspicions about whether he climbs or not. His hands are balled into fists. Shaking my head and taking in my surroundings, I notice that this perfect specimen of man has planted me firmly on my ass in front of a bunch of people. I'm humiliated, and when I'm humiliated, I get angry. "It takes two to tango, asshole," I retort. I begin to sweepingly gather my strewn stuff. Aforementioned asshole is still standing there, glaring at me. "And he doesn't even offer to help," I mutter under my breath. "Ever heard of fucking manners?" Still grumbling, I continue stuffing my things into my bag. Zipping it up furiously, I rise to my full height. I still have to look up; my full height barely reaches his chin. I stare him straight in the eye, and scowl at him. The man looks back, his expression giving nothing away. Then, he smirks. Of all the arrogant... Now, I'm fuming. I continued to stare into his eyes, which now appear to show mild amusement. I try to even my breathing, my insides fluttering and heart flying. Despite my unbridled anger, there's something else going on in my body. I find myself looking at his lips, which are full. He has a day's growth on his chin, and I can't help but wonder what it feels like. Something about him draws me in, yet at the same time screams: stay away. I exhale, unsure of how long I have been holding my breath, and remind my feet to move. I make a show of stepping around the asshole-slash-god and walk steadily toward the door. He still hasn't moved. As I whip the door open, I feel a prickle on the back of my neck. I chance a peek over my shoulder, where the asshole is standing at the counter. Again, he smirks. Dammit, he caught me looking. I narrow my eyes back at him, feeling the blush rising on my cheeks. Hoisting my bag higher still on my shoulder, I stalk through the door and head toward my car. All the way home, I think of sharp, green eyes. I consider having a cold shower in place of my hot bath. . . . . A/N: So, that's it! I don't yet have a posting schedule in mind—my life tends to be ruled by my two little ones. I'll post when I can. I've never written fanfiction before, and I'd really love to know what you think. Leave me something and let me know? A few definitions: Tick: A climbing term used to indicate successfully completing a climb, without the aid of guideropes or the ground. Bouldering: Climbing that is done low to the ground and without ropes. You tend to move horizontally (traverse), rather than vertically. Without a mat, though, it still hurts when you fall.