I tried to throw a punch but it was weak and Heidi responded by clobbering me with a right hand that would have knocked me to the floor had she not have had a death grip on my hair, she punched me again. That is when I decided to play dirty. I looked to her nipples to see them practically poking out of her top. So I twisted her nipples to try and get her weakened so I could get off the turnbuckle on my own. Her response: a headbutt that left me dazed. I could feel blood trickling from my mouth and on to my bare breasts…wait my breasts were bare. Sure enough she tore off my bikini top. " I am not sorry. Miss Stanley offered me double the money if I could strip you naked before defeating you. You have heart little swan but its not enough to topple me." Heidi said gleefully. She then gave me a top rope super-plex we crashed to the canvas my body bounced once then did not move. I was hurt. I couldn't kick out if I wanted to. My back was sore. This was the most punishment I have taken in a match to date. Heidi crawled over to me and covered me. It was real I was about to lose my first match. " One! Two! Thr-" Maria started to count but was interrupted when Heidi picked my shoulders off the mat. "What are you doing you had her beat!" Heidi shrugged. "I am not done yet." " Just pin me please." I pleaded. " I am sorry little one but that twenty grand is as good as mine" Heidi replied. Twenty grand. She was getting paid twenty grand just for punishing me. Heidi picked me up by the hair again and put her hand between my legs and picked me up and slammed me back down to the canvas only to do it again and again. After the third slam I started to cry my body was in a lot of pain, I was bloody, I was sweaty, heaving and so turned on at this point. " Your wet. Time to put you out of your misery but first." Heidi said before stripping me naked. She then picked me up again and placed my head between he legs and lifted me up for a powerbomb and while I was on her shoulders she gave my wet clit a lick. " Something to remember me by." Heidi said as she drove me into the mat back first. Maria got into position again as Heidi pinned me in a sexy way. " Please keep her pinned this time." Maria pleaded. Heidi nodded. " One! Two! Thr-" Maria shouted. I forced Heidi off of me on my own power. I got my second wind. I stood up. The crowd cheered. Heidi in disbelief tried to punch me and I blocked it, then a second one and I blocked it as well. Then I punched her as hard as I could and I punched her again and again. My punches were doing damage and I picked her up in a show of power in my own right and slammed her to the canvas, walked toward the turnbuckle, climbed the ropes to the top and to a tribute of Chris's favorite wrestler I hit a Spiral Tap a la AJ Styles and covered and hooked her leg. (A/N: Graphic scene over.) " One! Two! Three! Ring the Bell!" Maria shouted. Flashback over "Hey you okay?" Angela asked. "Yeah. Just remembering the match Heidi Blackwell and I had." I replied. "The one where you could barely walk afterward. I still can't believe she licked you." Angela replied. "I took the liberty of asking her that during our many phone calls after that match. She blames the whole situation on me. You remember when I told you the story. I was wet, aroused and she was close enough to tell. Plus my wetness was driving her crazy. Hence the lick before the pin." I explained. "Ok I am not gay and even I thought that pin was sexy." Angela replied. Wait what. "You weren't even there. How could you know?" I asked confused. "Chris showed me." Angela replied. Wait what the hell does that? "Chris showed you?" I asked. "You mean he-" "No you dolt, we watched the tape and I insisted. Besides Chris has way more respect for me then to try that. Besides I'm not his type and I just want to be friends with him not lovers." Angela explained. Oh yeah I know Chris's type all right. I do the hazing job for him so I know his type very well. Brunettes, semi muscular, smart, tall girls between my height and his I fit into his type hence our great relationship. "I must say though Chris taught you well. Did Heidi ever mention a rematch?" Angela asked. "Yes she did. We fight in three weeks at the bar again and this time it's for her belt she insisted." I replied. "What kind of match?" Angela asked a little worried now. "If you that the last match was brutal this one is worse. It's a Last Woman Standing." I replied. "What's that mean?" Angela asked "To win I have to beat her so bad that she cannot get to her feet by the count of ten and she does to it as well. I expect her to use weapons or just beat me physically just like last time." I replied. The bell rang to end the day and I walked toward Chris and I's usual meeting place the art room. I walked in and wow! (A/N: That is the end of the first chapter I will try update every week. Next chapter the match between Bella and Victoria and hopefully it will be just as long as this chapter is. Please I hope everybody enjoys this story just as much as the original.)