me in time. You saved me." For what seemed like minutes, but I'm sure were only seconds, he locked eyes with me, and I could see the desperation and pain this man held. He felt guilty. And he had no reason to, but I could see in his eyes, saving me wasn't enough. In his eyes, I should have never been in the situation to be saved. I don't know who pushed or pulled first, all I know is that in the next moment his lips were on mine. I don't remember it exactly, but I just remember it started slow, but the passion and longing behind it caused it to ignite quickly. Now, I have never been one of those girls who ever kissed a guy and saw fireworks, it was always just kissing. No big deal. However, kissing Jasper Whitlock was not like kissing anyone else. When I was kissing him, time stopped, and nothing else mattered. My entire body tingled, and every nerve ending felt like it was on fire. There was no awkwardness, no having to get used to how he did it, there was only perfection. The only muddled thought I could think about was ' Why haven't I been kissing this boy my whole life?' As the kiss grew in intensity, I was vaguely aware of being pressed up against the wall, pressing him up against a wall, hands tangling in hair and pulling on clothes,moving down the hall and ending up in a different room, but I honestly don't think my lips ever left his. I just couldn't get enough, and neither could he. I remember at some point words being spoken, but again, I had no synchronized thought, I just remember bits and pieces, something about…. ' ...waited so long...' ' ...so beautiful...' ' ...better than I ever dreamed…' ' ...so good...' What I do know, is that I was right where I wanted to be. I was in Heaven. Where was I? It was dimly lit, and I could hear water dripping. I could smell stale cigarettes and mouldy beer, a horrid combination. I could hear muffled voices and laughter, but I couldn't figure out where it was coming from. I tried moving, but my legs were just so heavy, I couldn't even move them. Then I felt arms wrap around my waist from behind, and felt hot breath on my neck. " You're mine now." The voice said, and I knew exactly who that voice belonged to. " No!" I tried to yell loudly, but it came out much softer than I wanted. " Oh yes, I've been waiting for you all night. Now you'll be screaming my name instead of his." He tightened his grip on me as I struggled more. " No! Jasper! Where are you? JASPER!" I was yelling louder now, but his grip on my waist just tightened, and he was shaking me now. "Bella! Bella, baby, wake up!" Jasper was yelling by the time I finally opened my eyes. I pulled away quickly, trying to get my bearings. I looked around, slowly recognizing his room, and then back to him, he was looking at me as if he was trying not to scare me off. My relief hit me hard, and I couldn't stop the tears. He pulled me into his arms shushing me. He didn't ask me about it, it didn't take a psychic to know what my nightmare had been about. My heart was starting to slow, as was my breathing. "I'm sorry." I said in between sniffles. I was such a mess. "Don't be sorry, you're entitled to a little PTSD." He said with a slight smile. That actually made me giggle a bit. After washing my face off and mentally getting myself together, I crawled back into bed with Jasper, and fit back up against him, the way I did when we first fell asleep, although we weren't as tired now as we had been before. A glance at the clock told me we had only been asleep for a couple hours. So we talked. And we talked about nearly everything. We relived some of our early times together. We laughed about one of the first times we ever got really drunk together, and he confessed he tried to get up the nerve to kiss me all night, and was almost there when I ended up passing out. I cracked up thinking of him leaning in for a kiss, only to have the girl pass out in his lap. Then we talked about when he had first found out about Rose and Emmett, and how if Em had just come to him instead of hiding it he wouldn't have been so mad. The way he found out, he thought Em and Rose were just friends with benefits, which was not cool where his sister was involved. Once he realized there was really something there between them, he cooled down, but was pretty hurt by the fact they didn't trust him enough to tell him. Their argument was that they wanted to see where it went before they told everyone, so if it didn't work out, there wouldn't be any awkwardness between him and Em. "So what do you think Em's gonna say about us?" he asked. "So you want there to be an us ?" I couldn't keep that stupid grin off my face. I knew this wouldn't be a one-night thing, but hearing him say it just drove it home for me. As I looked over at him I saw how much he was smiling and his eyes, I swear, were sparkling. "I'm pretty sure there has been an us for awhile now, I just think we were too stupid to see it." He grinned even bigger before giving me a long, deep kiss. "I completely agree." I sighed. We continued the next few hours talking until the sky started slowly lightening up, when we finally drifted off to sleep.