Edward dropped to one knee. "Isabella Marie Swan, please do me the extraordinary honor of becoming my wife." I didn't hear the crowed after that, I only saw his green eyes pleading with mine. I had to come clean with him and tell him that I was starting a new life in Seattle. "Edward..." My voice was quivering while I lowered myself to the ground with him. I watched his face fall already anticipating my answer. "You have to know that I forgave you a long time ago for what happened." "But…." he replied. "But…" I swallowed hard and lowered my gaze. "I got the job in Seattle; I'm moving home." I had to be honest with him, to give him the opportunity to withdraw his proposal. "Then I guess we are moving to Seattle." His smile widen and he looked like the happiest guy in the world. "Baby, I will follow you wherever you go. Even if you tell me no tonight, I will still follow you and I will ask you to marry me every day if I have to." I placed my glove covered hand to his red cheek. "Yes, yes I will marry you." Six years later "So, daddy said mean things to mommy?" Elizabeth was our five year old. She was a pleasant surprise to say the least. Her best friend, Garrett, who was Rose and Emmett's son were best friends. Garrett had said some very mean things to her and she came running to her grandpa Carlisle. He was her hero in nearly every way. "That's right princess. Your daddy once said such mean words that they almost didn't get married." I watched as my daughter's eyes became big as she looked to Edward. "But you said you were sorry right daddy?" I smiled as I remembered coming back from New York, packing up my apartment and moving back. Edward kept his word and moved right along with me. "I did more than say I was sorry. I made sure I didn't say mean things to her again." He was telling her the truth. He has continued to make sure I know how much he loves me. How he is grateful I forgave him. "Is that true momma?" I looked over to the two most important people in my world sitting at the kitchen island. Edward was so excited when I told him we were expecting. He said it was proof to the world how much he loved me. "Yeah baby, it is." That was enough for Elizabeth as she left the kitchen to go play with Garrett. Edward rounded the island and wrapped his arms around my ever growing stomach from behind. We were expecting a new baby any day now. We both decided to let the sex of the baby be a surprise. I turned from stirring a pot on the stove to look up into my husband's handsome face. "You know you were right about something that day in the coffee shop." I said. He smiled while massaging my lower back with his magic fingers. "What's that?" "That one day I would look back and say that night in the club made us stronger." Edward hugged me tight, placing his face in the crook of my neck. "I wish I didn't have to be. I wish it never happened." I pulled back to look into his face. Edward had confessed that he was really shaking in his boots when he said what he did that day. "Hey." I grabbed his face pulling it down so I could kiss him. "We got past it and we learned from it." Placing his forehead to mine, his smile was gentle. "That I did. I learned you can never take it back. Once the words are out, whether they are true or not, they can't be taken back." I could laugh about it now, for over a year, I worried things would go south with us. But Edward was patient and told me he loved me every single day. Edward began to kiss along my cheek, jaw and down to my shoulder. He told me he found me to be quite sexy when I was pregnant. He showed me all too often how true that was. His lips were currently sucking on my earlobe when I felt a hard kick. "E..Edward..." I gasped. "Yeah baby?" he continued to suck on my ear lobes and my neck as I tried to push him back. "Edward, stop." My words sounding harsher. He pulled me closer continuing his assault on my neck, moaning my name and telling me he would make it worth my while. "Damn it Edward, my water just broke!" Sure enough, he moved away from me quickly both us looking at the floor. "Dad!" Edward shouted taking me by the hand, grabbing his car keys and pulled me toward the garage door. Carlisle entered the room with Elizabeth resting in his arms. He took one look at me and began to smile. "Elizabeth, mommy and daddy are going to go get the new baby." I kissed my daughter's cheek and told her to be good. While Edward helped me into the car, I grabbed his arm stopping him in his tracks. "Can I just apologize before the pain and threats begin?" Edward laughed as he kissed my hand closing the door. He ran around the car and quickly got in his seat. "Bella, I know you don't mean it when you swear you are never letting me touch you again. I mean you are pregnant again am I right?" I smacked his arm as he pulled out of the driveway. He was right. Sometimes things are said during times of stress or pain. I forgave him for the hurtful words he spoke and he extended me the same courtesy. He was right again when he admitted he couldn't take them back, but he was also right when he said sometimes they only make you stronger.