shocked because I had no idea how he knew my name. I decide to quit acting like a mute. "I have a great staff, it was a team effort," I smiled and folded my hands in front of me, always remaining professional. "Yes, well, you managed to save poor Jessica from Fig." Everything I had ever been taught told me that I had to maintain a courteous and professional manner. I prided myself that I had always done that when representing Save the Date . So the words that fell from my mouth next should have remained unsaid… "Oh, well, Mike told me he had plans for Jessica tonight. However, he still has his hand to help himself out later." Green eyes began to chuckle and then all five men behind him joined him. "Legs, I like how you work." With that he walked past me, taking his entourage with him. I was so shocked…who the fuck was legs? "Fuck!" Mike spouted as he dragged his hand through his hair. I was so confused right now. I had no idea what the hell had just happened. The only person standing here with any possible answers was known for fucking people over. "Mike, what the fuck just happened?" Mike now looked pissed. He was mumbling under his breath and I couldn't understand a word he was saying. "I could slit your fucking throat for what you just did!" Mike hissed, now less than an inch from my face. I opened my mouth to say something back when Riley, one of my bartenders, interceded. "Bella, you okay?" Was I? I was confused as hell. Before I could even answer, Mike was back-peddling. "Hey, man, I was just telling Bella here goodnight." Riley was a big guy, almost as big as green eyes. He was one of the extra staff Charlotte had hired for this event. If I didn't know better, I would have sworn Mike knew him, and more than that, he was scared shitless of him. "Is that true, Bella?" I took advantage of Riley standing here. Mike was clearly about to piss himself. I was going to get some answers. "Mike, who the hell was that and who the fuck is legs?" Mike gave Riley a wide-eyed look and then turned and ran out the door as if he was on fire, leaving me still confused and my questions hanging unanswered. Riley very gently placed his hand on my arm and began leading me back into the ballroom. I hadn't realized I had been out in the hall so long, as most of the guests had already left. I noticed the staff had already begun to break down tables. Angela was sitting at the end of the bar and the smile on her face was real. I hadn't seen a real smile on her face that wasn't because of Abigail in years. Sitting next to her was the dark-haired man from earlier. She was looking at him as if he was the only person in the room. Just like green eyes, his suit was tailored and he held himself with confidence. His smile was almost as big as hers. "Bella, let me buy you a drink and we can have ourselves a little chat." At this point, I was too tired to argue. Riley handed me a cold beer and then leaned his entire body toward me. "Alright, Riley, start talking. What the fuck just happened?" "That, my fair Bella, was Edward Cullen. He's a close friend of the bride and groom's families." I took a long pull of my beer. Okay, so he was a guest; that was obvious. What was with the personal bodyguards, though? "Riley, spill," I said, my voice clearly conveying my agitation. "Edward Cullen is someone you want on your side. He has a lot of influence in what goes on in this town. He isn't someone you want as an enemy." Another part of my job was being able to read people, and I could tell Riley knew a shit-ton more than he was letting on. He was choosing to give me the cliff notes on green eyes, aka Edward Cullen. I also knew when to cut my losses. If this Edward guy was so influential in this town, then someone else would certainly know him. "Alright, then who the fuck is Legs? Riley moved in closer and spoke in hushed tones. "When Edward likes someone, he gives them a name that he'll remember. You, my fair lady, made quite an impression. You're Legs." I sat at the bar and continued to sip my beer. The room had been cleared and all of the staff had been paid and escorted out. Angela had finally said goodnight and was being escorted home by the dark-haired man. His name was actually Ben and he was an accountant. He offered to take me home as well, but I politely declined. I would tell Angela in the morning that Mike was working for Edward Cullen. It was late when I finally got everything wrapped up and went to the restroom to change my clothes. I hated being in my uniform one second longer than I absolutely had to. With my Nikes laced up, I made my way to my car parked in the parking lot. George, the night security guard, walked with me and made certain my car started. I waved goodbye and turned left onto the street. My mind must have still been on the evening, as I didn't notice the black sedan that followed me home. A/N So there you have it. Let me know if I have truly lost my mind or if you really liked it. I know I spoiled you guys last story with daily updates, but that will not be happening this time around. My goal is at least weekly, I am shooting for twice weekly. I have almost all of it written and my beta as you know is uber fast.