on the LP. 'Don't get me wrong, I love Edward dearly and couldn't wish for a better son than him. But you don't get to walk your boy down the aisle, now do you?' he chuckled. Rosalie raised her eyebrow, curious as to where he was going with this. 'You don't get to give him away like you get to give away a daughter,' he turned around, placed the LP in the record player and let the song play. 'I had hoped you could be like a daughter to me.' When he looked at her, she had this face he couldn't quite pin-point. Perhaps confusion was the closest to describing it. 'Me?' Her voice uttered. The song had begun playing by now and he moved closer to her again, making sure not to startle her. Taking the veil that had seemed to be forgotten, he fastened it on the little comb that was lying next to it. 'Yes, you,' he stated simply while he fastened the comb in her hair and letting the veil fall around her figure, hoping the gesture wouldn't frighten her again. It didn't. 'Now,' he sighed contently as they both looked at her image in the mirror. 'May I have this dance?' She followed his hand in the mirror with her eyes while it made its way to hers. She gently put it in his and nodded while he tugged her to the center of the room and placed his left hand on her middle, while his right held out her hand. She placed her right hand on his shoulder as they began waltzing to the song. The words seemed awfully fitting to the progress they'd both made tonight. 'How is it that you've been more kind to me in the short amount of time I've known you than my father was in my entire existence? Even if I have given you no reason to do so?' She wondered out loud. 'Your father was unkind to you?' Carlisle feared, wondering how much misery she had gone through other than that unfortunate spring night. 'Not entirely unkind, but not necessarily very caring either,' she concluded. 'I suppose it's just in my nature. It's impossible for me not to care,' he smiled, yet his smile was very soon replaced with worry when he noticed Rosalie had stopped swaying to the sound of the phonograph and looked like she was about to burst in tears. Had he done something wrong? 'Ros –?' 'I'm terrified,' she whispered as her face crumbled in distress. He wasn't entirely sure how to react, because he'd never expected her to admit to how she really felt. At least not right now and definitely not to him of all people. But before he could decide on how to react, she'd already slumped forward, slowly dropping her head on his shoulder. She started sobbing, clutching his vest for dear life. Hoping he wouldn't frighten her, he slowly brought his arms up and cradled her little form in them. She stiffened at the contact, but didn't shy away. That was the thing about patients recovering from PTSD; when the contact is unexpected, they freak out. However, whatever they were sharing right now had been Rosalie's choice. So she handled it far better. 'You don't have to do this, Rosalie,' he whispered while her body shook with sobs that would never truly come. The only response she seemed to be able to muster was shaking her head violently as she buried her face into his shoulder. 'I do. I have to', she slurred. Carlisle moved his free hand to the nape of her neck, gently running his hands through her hair, hoping the gesture would calm her down. He was happy to hear the sobbing finally diminish, until a final sniff made her move away from him, yet not releasing the fabric of his vest. Her face went from distress to embarrassed confusion. 'I'm sorry,' she said, silently releasing his vest now too. 'I can't keep my emotions in check anymore. Something I did so easily before I turned into this mess.' He grimaced at her last word, hating she thought so little of herself. 'That's no surprise. You see, everything is heightened. Your strength, your mind, beauty, vision, scent. But so did your emotions. How irrational your fear may be – because if we're blatantly honest, you have absolutely no logical reason to fear Royce – it is still there, and now amplified by one hundred.' Her red eyes had been avoiding his, clearly ashamed by her sudden outburst of emotions. She released a breath she clearly didn't have to release anymore. Old habits die hard after all, even those insignificant little human ones. And after that, all hesitation and fear fled, making place for a dazzling smile. 'Is my hair still passable?' she asked breezily, as if nothing had passed between the two of them just mere moments ago. 'Not merely passable. It looks impeccable,' he smirked in return. 'Good,' she nodded confidently, knowing far too well her hair was impeccable. 'I want Royce's last vision to be that of an angel, only to realize I was the devil all along.' She moved her eyes to the clock, seeing it was half past seven in the evening. Not it was Carlisle's turn to frown, not liking the anticipation that brewed around her. 'I should be going,' she said. 'Did you hunt today?' he asked, perhaps trying to prolong the inevitable death. 'It'll be easier to control yourself if you've fed.' She nodded. 'I asked Esme to come with me today. I knew I was going to do it tonight, so I thought it best to go hunt first.' He smiled bitterly in agreement. 'Well, off you go then. And if anything's the matter, you come here at once, okay? You come home.' With a simple and final nod, she turned around and left graciously, leaving Carlisle to his own thoughts in the enormous and empty bedroom.