up. These ones needed adjusted or something. They were terrible for me. "Could I borrow your pen? Mine just died out." She smiled sheepishly and showed the famous dry pen. I nodded and handed over the borrowed pen that Emmett let me have. "It's actually your brother's pen. He let me borrow it for the day since I forgot all my pencils and pens." I shrugged. I was done with the assignment anyway. This was all too easy. "Thanks. I'm Alice, as you probably know. Emmett likes to go on and on about us." Alice rolled her eyes in humor. I laughed. "I do remember a certain story on you." I teased and faked my voice of recognition. She just giggled. It was so musical, it was unearthly. "Ha ha, Bella. So, can I ask what you're doing here in little ole Forks?" I pointed to my swollen belly. "And because I wanted to start fresh. I came to live with my dad." I told her honestly. Wow, that truth just slipped right on out, didn't it? "I was born here, but I grew up in the south my whole life." I nodded. "Really? I never would have guessed that you were born here." She hummed. I shrugged. "Yeah. I moved with my mom when was six months though. I visited a lot, but only for summer and a few holidays." "Really? My family moved from Alaska. We lived there for years as we just moved around there for jobs Carlisle always got. Then viola! Here we are!" She sang and motioned around the room. I had to laugh. "When did you move here?" "My freshman year, so two years ago." Alice looked like a pixie on crack cocaine as we spoke through class. She was more friendly like Emmett was. I wondered how Emmett was even dating Rosalie when she seemed like such a freakin' bitch. I almost felt sorry for him, but hey, he was a grown man and could do what he wanted. I only wished him luck in the long run. "So, Bella, would you like to walk with us to lunch?" Alice sang as she skipped next to me after class. I was, again, face deep in my map trying to get to the cafeteria, but I was outside somewhere totally lost. Again. "I look like a fool trying to get places." I tsk'ed at myself and accepted her preposition of getting me to the cafeteria. Her family was behind her, including the two I hadn't met. The more silent and observant one was Jasper as he was introduced as. He was polite and kind, just a little silent. He was tall, muscled, and willowy with honey-blond curly hair to match his dark honey eyes. The other one was the more…ehem…sexy of the bunch. He was tall, muscled (Mmm), with bronze hair and dark eyes. He was silent, but I just knew he was the more open type if you knew him. I understood why he was silent though. I mean…I was the new girl already in his family's business in just the morning hour. Dur. "No you don't." Alice assured me and took my folder to look inside at my schedule. "And if you do: Just blame the baby." Emmett smiled cheekily. I glared at him for blaming my baby for this issue. "Someone needs to kick you in the shin." He grinned widely. "Why don't you do it?" His question brought glares his way from everyone in his family. Edward Cullen's being a little more heated for some reason. "You're the Green Giant. I couldn't reach your ankle if I tried." I told him with a straight face and turned around to walk away before I broke down laughing like Emmett just did. "I like you!" Emmett claimed loudly and with a boisterous laugh. Alice was giggling bell-like as she walked next to me and held my stork folder. "I like the sticker." She claimed. I smiled. "Courtesy of Mrs. Cope. Oh, did I tell you that this morning, I got stuck in my chair in the office?" I informed her. It got laughs from Alice. "What? How?" "She doesn't like me moving. When I'm in a comfortable position, I can't move. It's like I'm stuck to the chair or bed. She has these powers that make me the laziest person on the planet." I swore. "That's probably you, Bella." Alice informed me. "Here's the café!" She sang and skipped ahead of me to open the door. "How did we get here? Fuck!" I looked around to try and figure out how this freakin' happened. It's like I just teleported here… "It's easy. You see that giant oak in the front parking lot?" Emmett pointed to a large out of place tree. I nodded. "Yah." He nodded. "Go left at it, and then here you are." He shrugged. "I don't know anyone can get lost in this school. But then again, you're one of a kind." He chuckled and took Rosalie's hand to walk to the café with her. Jasper had gone to Alice instantly when she said her 'tootle loos'. Like really? What was this? The twenties? "Thanks, guys." I sang after Alice who skipped away with a more calm Jasper and a seemingly reluctant Edward who followed after a look from Alice. Why did I feel so lonely when Edward left? What the hell was wrong with me, and this baby who was kicking at me for not stopping Edward from leaving? Well, there's the first chapter. Hopefully you guys like this version I'm making. Like everyone might think: more chapters will be included in the story, and hopefully more detailed, more dialog, and more….action. Yeah. Action. Review if you'd like. It'd make me happy. Make me happy, gosh darn it. Don't like what I write? Leave this story, don't review, and don't come back. Simple right? ***Don't like my warnings? Don't read them. Even more simple right? Major Fire Blaze