settled down for bed. Before I closed my eyes though, I felt my heart beat increase. Something was telling me tomorrow was going to be a life changing day for sure, for what reason I was uncertain. All I knew was that tomorrow was going to be a big day and one I was sure I needed all the rest I could get for. Walking through the front doors of the hospital, I pulled my coat closer to my body, not just from the chill but all the white walls. I didn't like hospitals to a degree but it was a potential job on the line so I had to suck it up. All morning for some reason I felt nervous. I wasn't sure why, but I felt jittery and something deep inside telling me to hurry and quickly, pulling me towards the hospital. As I walked further in I took note of the few people sitting there. Being a small town I expected this but to see and think are two different things. Walking up to the main desk, I made sure I looked as presentable as I could before clearly my throat when the lady sitting there took no notice of me. Raising her head, she plastered on a fake smile, her dimples caving in and her eyes pleaded for a break. Trying to put a good smile on my own lips, I began slightly to doubt if I should even try to take this job. "How can I help you dear?" Her voice was strained from lack of sleep I'm sure. "Yes. I happened to look online and saw you were hiring." With a seemingly joyful expression, the woman jumped out her seat and nodded her head wildly. Taken back, I almost ran right out of the room. This woman was suddenly way to hyper for me. "OH! Yes! Please fill this application out if you don't mind." Almost slapping down an application and a clip board, she smiled wildly. Pushing a smile through the shock, I walked towards a seat, starting to fill out the information needed. It was not what I was expected when I walked through the doors. Don't get my wrong, I love wearing a smile and all for others being happy, but there was only so much joy that I could take from one person at a time. It almost made me wonder what would happen if I got the job and had to work with that woman. Shuddering, I finished and walked back up towards the desk. Just as I was about there I suddenly and roughly slammed into a solid rock form. Falling back slightly, my papers flying to the floor, I cursed under my breath. Just as I raised my head to tell the jerk off for running into me I stopped dead. The golden honey pools staring right back at me shocked me to the core. I felt my heart stop for a moment, entranced by their warmth and shock. Pulling myself away from their mesmerizing glow, I took in the rest of his form, noting the pale yet fair skin, the golden locks that were neatly and perfect sculpted. Catching those eyes again I tried to form coherent words but before I could even speak, a smile graced and pulled at this delicious pink lips. "Are you okay?" Nodding my head dumbly, I tried to sober up but something was keeping in my almost comatose state. Breathing in deep I caught the scent of pine and freshness that could only have come from that hunking mass of man in front of me. Pushing back a strand on hair I completely forgot about my application for a second. "Oh!" Looking down, I was about to pick up the clip board when I saw perfect hands reach down first. Looking at it form a moment, he must have noticed what it was because he soon raised an eyebrow and chuckled slightly. "Well Miss... Jenkins I believe this belongs to you." Handing over the clip board he smiled again, but something caught me. Taking a closer, I could have sworn his eyes were a golden in color when we first ran into each other. That's when I noticed that his other hand was gripping tightly to his coat, tearing a small hole through it. As if noticing my staring, his hand relaxed and he forced his perfect smile. "I hope you get the job. Good luck." With that, he fled, fast and straight past the front desk. Confused and slightly aroused, I shook my head and went back to the lady at the desk who smirked as if she knew some deep dark secret about what just happened. Before too long I was walking out the front door, hugging my jacket closer as the clouds rolled in. Letting out a sigh past my lips, I made sure my coat with zipped up and my hat with tight. As interesting as the day was, I was sure about one thing. One that I more the likely got the job, thought Gladis (who I found out was the lady at the front desk) never really told me for sure. Second was that despite how strange our meeting was I wanted to run into that stunning doctor again. Something deep inside kept nagging at me to turn around and find him. A deeper part of me was tempted but my mind was replaying the fact that he was clearly distressed about my presence. Maybe I had hurt him in some way and he was trying to hide it from those around, as little of them as there was. Tomorrow was a new day and I could only look forward to what it would bring. If only I knew that day was the start of everything. The start to not only love, but loss and darkness that would threaten the light deep inside my soul. Alright all done! Now please... comment, like, and follow!