of her jaw, the full pout of her lips. She was truly beautiful. She nestled into his side, a long tanned leg had wrapped around his. Their bodies hummed together. When she'd run her smooth leg up his, it caused a further pulling in his loins as it went. Her face had been pressed just over his heart as she'd listened to the beating. Her lips, they had left small kisses on his brown skin. She pressed her warm soft lips one last time to his chest, long and slow before pulling back. Her breath sent a shiver over his skin as she spoke. "Every time I look out at that ocean… and see the sun coming up… I'm going to think you, Jacob. Of how it's the same sun, on the same ocean; that you might be watching it set over there," she said quietly. He could hear the tears threatening in her voice. He too felt the constriction in his chest. Letting her go was going to be exceptionally hard. "And I'll be watching, every time is sets, beautiful girl. I'll know you're waking up to another beautiful day in your life. However it goes Ness, I will always remember this. I'll always remember you." He'd pulled her close, kissing the top of her head. Her hair had smelt like salt and the rosemary shampoo that the hotel supplied. He'd felt a cool tear as it fell from her eye, onto the skin of his chest. He'd fought back his own. She'd lent up then, crawling over him and placing her lips on his mouth. Then she kissed him in a way he'd never been kissed before. With soul and passion…and heartbreak. She stood then, quickly dressing in yesterday's clothes. He stood up as well, pulling on his shorts, he left his chest bare. "I have to go home and get ready for work," she'd said, her voice full of her grief as she'd stepped closer to him. "I suppose you'll be gone by the time I get back." He nodded, "the shuttle bus comes as eight." "So…" she'd paused, pressing her palm into the base of her chest. That same location where he too had been feeling an aching ball of hurt build. He imagined she was feeling the pain there too. "Then this is good bye." Then she'd stood straight up, a gap of mere inches between them. It had felt like an ocean. "I guess it is." That was all he'd said, he'd been powerless to speak from the fiery pain that had seared its way up his chest and had burnt him alive as he silently screamed. "Well. It was very nice to meet you Jacob Black," she'd said, coming up on her toes and leaving a lingering light kiss on his lips. Her hands flat on his chest as she did. He'd placed two gentle hands on her waist, willing his fingers to memorize the feeling. "It was nice to meet you too, Renesmee." He'd never learnt her surname. She'd turned then, running up the sand. He'd watched her go. He didn't follow, even though his entire being had been strained to do so. When she was out of sight the burning became too much. He'd turned towards the water, running with all his might and diving underneath the waves. ... He'd returned to the honeymoon suite… alone. He packed his half of the couple's luggage they'd bought months ago. Then he picked up the clothes that lay strewn on the floor from the morning prior. Sitting on the desk by the telephone, alone and with no note, he found that piece of coral from their first day out on the reef, the one she'd kept for herself. She'd given left it for him. He picked it up, imagining the warmth of it once having being held in her hands. She had colored it bright and bold. It seemed to be luminescing of its own accord. He'd placed in carefully in the pocket of his shorts. And left. He took the elevator down, checking out and handing in the white key cards. Two of them, to be exact. Then he boarded the small bus that would take him down the coast. He'd watched out the window as they traveled along the road, waiting and hoping as the bus had approached the familiar house. There she'd stood on the driveway, her hand held up in a stationary wave, the other covering her mouth as she cried. She'd been in her white polo shirt and black quick dry pants. White sneakers on her feet. Her hair tied back in long thin braid. As the coach had sped by, he'd held his hand up to the glass, his long fingers spread wide as if they might have gathered one more feel of her warm tanned skin. Then he'd turned backwards in his seat, spinning and rotating his head over his shoulder to watch as her figure had disappeared into the distance. He'd sat heavily then back in his chair. Then he closed his eyes, and let a single tear escape. ... As they hurtled across the Pacific Ocean, somewhere between the refueling stop in Brisbane and LA, he ordered his fifth scotch on the rocks and toasted the empty seat next to him. He took out the brightly colored coral piece form his pocket and held it to his chest. She'd painted it that orange-pink, the same as her skirt that night; the color that lit her tanned skin up from within. He plugged in his head phones and wrapped himself up in the thin courtesy blanket that was much too small for his frame. He found the most depressing music he could and remembered what he wanted to forget. Her. ... I know this is sad, it's just way I saw it pan out in my head. Life isn't always a fairy tale. Let me know what you think in the shape of a Review.