he grins at me, before kissing my forehead. "Would it be bad of us to take off before he gets here?" I ask. He gives me a puzzled look. "Why?" "I just, well, I think he likes me, and I like you. It would be kind of awkward." He laughs and stands up with me wrapped around him. He nudges my legs down until I'm standing on my own and grabbing my hand, tugs me toward the back door. "In that case, let's get out of here." xOx We're just pulling out of the lot in Edward's car when we see Jake turn in. He honks at us but Edward just keeps driving. I want to feel bad, but I can't. I'm with Edward, he seems to like me to and I want to see where this goes. Before I know it we're at my place. "Do you want to come up?" I ask. "That'd be great." I show him where to park his car and get out of the seat. My head is really starting to hurt now and I grip the car so I don't fall down. "You okay, Precious?" "My head hurts." I'm aware I'm whining but can't help it. He comes over and looks in my eyes. "Are you dizzy?" I nod and he sweeps me up into his arms. I gasp and grip him tightly. He takes my keys from me and opens the door to my apartment building, walks over to the elevator. We take it up to my floor and he—once again—opens the door. Once we get inside he takes me to the couch and lays me down on it, asking where I keep the Tylenol and if I prefer bottled water or tap. I realize I'm dozing on the couch when he shakes me gently, telling me to take the Tylenol and placing it in my hand. "I didn't even think, Bella," he moans in agitation and runs his fingers through his hair. "You could have a concussion. I should have taken you to the hospital." I shake my head. "I'll be fine Edward. I'll just set my alarm to wake me up every few hours. I've had concussions before and I don't think that this is one." He smirks at me, gives me a wink and says. "Well, I could always stay. I think I have a few creative ways to wake you up." A pleasant shudder rips up my spine when I consider what those ways might entail. I smile at him and stand up from the couch. I hold out my hand and he grips mine tightly. He hasn't broken my stare. "If you aren't okay with this, Precious, now's the time to let me know." "I want you, Edward. Please, stay." I turn and lead him down the hall to my bedroom. I'm a bundle of nerves when we reach my room, but I don't want it to show on the outside. I want him, I've wanted him for a while, and I know that if he even thinks that I'm nervous about this he'll call the whole thing off. I want—just for once—to have a birthday to remember. I glance at the clock. It's quarter after eleven. Finding a strength I didn't know I possessed I shove Edward up against my bedroom door and kiss him. "Last chance to back out, Precious," he grunts against my lips. I shake my head; I refuse to give into the pain. I need him. In a flurry our clothes are off our bodies and on the floor. We're a tangle of teeth and tongues, bites and sucks, grunts and groans and when he's finally inside me it feels like heaven and hell, angels and demons and so good, so good, so good. I explode and it feels like I'm being ripped apart from the inside and pieced back together and I never want this feeling to end. If it wouldn't be a crime, I'd tie this man to my bed and never let him go. He's kissing my forehead and whispering in my ear how good it was, how he's never had better, how he wants this, wants me and it's the best present I could ever receive. The clock hits 11:59 and with a kiss to my lips Edward whispers. "Happy Birthday, Bella." xOx One year later… "Happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear Bella. Happy birthday to you." I never thought I'd be celebrating my birthday, with people surrounding me and not locked away in my room. But so far the day has been curse free. I haven't tripped, haven't hurt myself in any way and so I allowed Edward to bring me to the party Alice insisted on throwing. I'd warned him all day that I wasn't going to go if anything happened to prove that my birthday was cursed. He's still convinced those were a series of just really horrible coincidences. Jake was pissed at Edward at first when he learned that not only did we both blow him off, but that he'd asked me to be his girlfriend. He insisted his brother was an asshole for going after what Edward knew he wanted. I pointed out to Jake that it was my decision and I wasn't some toy to be fought over anyway and he eventually got over himself. He's dating a really nice girl named Jane and she keeps him in line. Edward told me that Kate and Tanya haven't spoken since last year, and that he ran into Garrett who cheerfully told him that he and Kate are now together. Tanya apparently is single and still sleeping with everyone she can get her hooks into. As for Edward and I, we've been together since my birthday last year, and if the ring on my finger is any indication he'll be making my birthday curse free for years to come. EN: Thanks for reading! Now head on over and wish Missy a Happy Birthday!