officers had brought me, but my hands were too shaky, and it spilled. My eyes were drawn to two doors: the one Edward would appear from and the other leading out to the parking lot. Finally, the latter opened and Dad rushed in, his face aged with worry as he looked around for me. I called him and he raced over, pulling me into a strong embrace. I hugged him back harder, tears darkening the front of his overalls. He held me at arm's length. "What the hell happened?" His eyes found the red marks circling my neck, the bloody scrapes on my arms and knees. "I'm so sorry, Dad." I hiccuped out the words. He shook his head. "Come on. Let's sit down first." He led me back to the bank of chairs, sitting next to me. When he took my hand in his, I told him everything I should have the moment I arrived here. He remained tight-lipped all the way through, a grunt here and there, a squeeze to my hand. "So, you see now, why I'm sorry." I dropped my head, focusing on the cracked linoleum, feeling the shame I'd tried so hard to avoid. "Bella, I am furious." His voice was grave and I winced. I lifted my head to see my eyes reflected back at me—they were soft and swimming with tears. "I'm furious you didn't think you could talk to me. And I'm furious with myself for not noticing the signs." He ran his hand over his face. "Dad. It wasn't your fault. I hid it all from you." "And your mom. She knows?" "Yes, but I asked her not to tell you." He looked like he was going to explode, but then his attention turned back to the wound around my neck, and it deflated him. "We can have this talk another day. I'm just glad you're safe. And Edward … is he okay?" "They're interviewing him now. Dad, he … I don't know what would've happened it he hadn't turned up when he did." The shock of the past few hours was a shiver I couldn't shake, its steel band tightening across my shoulders. I reached up and kneaded the back of my neck as a dull throb began to run under my scalp. I'd hardly had a second to talk to Edward, both of us being treated by EMTs before he'd been taken to the station first. I had seen the cuts to his face, the swollen lip, and the way he'd limped as he walked. Guilt at inflicting pain on the people I cared about was growing like a weed, wrapping around my heart. "Well, then I owe Edward my gratitude." I remembered Edward's plea at the lake. "There's something else I need to tell you." He turned to me, apprehension furrowing his brow. I hoped it wouldn't tip him over the edge. "It's about Edward … and me." I hesitated, ready for more anger. I'd never have expected the relief that relaxed his features. "I wondered when you'd get to that." "You knew?" I tried to think of a time we'd been too obvious with our feelings. "I'm not a complete idiot, Bella. I was young once." He tried to smile, but it'd been a long day. "So, you're okay with it?" He sighed and wrapped his arms around me, pulling me close. "I wish you'd done a lot of things differently since coming to stay with me, but falling for Edward isn't one of them." Ben had underestimated Edward. As Edward had gotten behind the wheel of his car, he'd felt the change. His skill as a mechanic meant he could notice the smallest difference. He'd managed to slow the out-of-control car enough, that the impact into a towering maple was as superficial as his injuries. It could have killed him had he not noticed. It had taken one look at the partially cut wiring to know it had been tampered with. It had only taken one breath to know who was responsible. One second to make the decision to find me. Ben was charged, the list growing longer as he lost more control. The offence of stalking would involve many gruelling interviews with me, but for the first time, I had a voice. A storm was swirling in from the south, its winds whispering through the trees and disturbing the lake. Edward found me in our place, my face turned to the last chink of sunlight, ready to brave any storm. He sat down beside me, his face fully healed with the exception of one silvery scar that added another dimple to his smile. "Look what came for you." He handed me an envelope that bore the seal of my new college. A different one, where no one knew anything about my past. "You're not going to open it?" He covered my hand with his, curling his fingers. "I will … soon." "You know Charlie's got a bottle of champagne to celebrate, and some steaks. We should head back." I thought of the newspaper spread across the table at breakfast, a small story that had made the trauma of reliving my life with Ben worthwhile. I tilted my head up to the sky, feeling the first drops of rain against my skin. I let go of the bad memories and regrets. I let the dark skies take them away, knowing that when the sunshine returned, I had everything I needed right here. The stocic, beautiful man by my side, my family and a future without shadows. "We're gonna get soaked," Edward laughed, tugging on my hand. "I know." I took his face in my hands, my heart full, and kissed him as the skies above us opened. Hosts' Reminder: Remember to leave the entry some love by hitting the review button. If you suspect/know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning/hinting this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you so much. x