will get some documents together.." "Forged documents." He inputted. "Do you want my help or not?" I said through gritted teeth. "Yes, of course. I'm trying to get all the facts." "Well I am sticking my neck out for doing all this. So don't fuck up." I replied. I then told him where exactly to come in at the hospital. The vehicle would need to be parked at a more secluded section so other medical staff wouldn't really see what was going on. It would look like a transfer regardless, but the less the hospital staff saw the better. I doubt anyone this mystery phone man was bringing was real medical personal, so the less people saw of the transfer the better. After ending the call, it all started to sink in. I was possibly helping the mob. Who am I shitting?! It was the mob! He didn't deny that the man was a Masen. The fucking Masen Mafia. What the hell had I gotten myself into this time?! Well it was too late now. I wanted to help this patient and now I was. And potentially helping the mafia… I threw together some paperwork and gave the man a false name. I had in the report that a family member called and then came in and identified the man. They then requested him to be transferred to another medical center. The man on the phone actually gave me a medical center name to put in the report surprisingly. He said if checked it would be legit but the trail would end with the paper. I know I will still feel wrath from my boss though. I didn't go through proper procedures and protocol. Fuck protocol. Protocol has fucked over plenty of patients. It also has made my life hell numerous times. I finished getting everything ready for the transfer. In a normal situation, the transfers would come in through higher up and then I would be informed. I was forging paperwork from higher up departments and forging signatures. I would just have to act dumb later and pray I didn't get fired. I could say the mafia threatened my life… Or they forged it? I told myself I was doing this to keep people safe. To keep this man safe because he was my patient. It's a doctor's duty. Also the Jersey men could come and shoot up the place. Mystery man phone man could come with who knows how many. I was doing this protect the hospital. I looked at the unconscious man again. Who was I kidding? I felt protective over him and didn't know the hell why! Yeah you do… No one is here to be his voice during his unconscious state so you volunteered. You always do crap like this and then bitch about the repercussions. God I hate my analytical side sometime. I had an orderly help me move the patient to a gurney after I got a call saying mystery man from the phone was soon to arrive. We were almost at the door when the orderly had to open his mouth. "I am surprised the transfer was approved with him just getting out of surgery." "He's stable." I replied. "Yeah, but that was fast. I've actually never heard of a transfer going through so quickly. He hasn't even been here 12 hours." Fuck. Fuck. Fuck, "I think his family has money." I replied, hoping to get him to drop it. "Ohh…." Was all he said. I guess money was a good enough excuse. We reached the meeting point. A big, burly man dressed in a medical uniform asking for the made-up patient name. So this was mystery phone man… The guy was huge. I confirmed that this was indeed that patient trying my best not make anyone near by suspicious. Two more men dressed in similar uniform approached. I told the orderly he could leave and that the others would take it from here. I informed the orderly I would personally see the patient off. I prayed the orderly kept his mouth shut and didn't do anything to fuck this up. I helped wheel the patient outside and to the medical van they acquired. None of the people this mystery guy brought were actual medical personal so I would tell him how to load and get the patient situated for travel. The medical van was parked in the spot I suggested. When we loaded up the still unconscious man, none of the hospital staff had a clear view. If anyone one else was paying attention then were just seeing the front of the van and bits and pieces of what was going on. After instructing how to load him up and then helping, because they had no clue what they were doing, I saw they had real medical equipment in the van. I started a new i.v., hooked up a heart monitor, and oxygen as a precaution. I made sure the gurney was locked and that everything was safe for travel. "Okay, he should be fine, assuming it is a short distance to where you are headed. I know you aren't taking him to a medical facility, but wherever you are going, you really should get a doctor to monitor him." I went to turn to leave and the big, burly, mystery phone man was blocking my way, with a gun pointed at me. "That`s why you're coming with us," He replied. Author Note: Cliff hanger! Don't kill me lol So here is the deal with updates: I will update once a week. I don't have a set day or anything. Since it is early in the story, I have a pretty good lay out in my mind of the next several chapters. Meaning chapters might get out faster. So there may another chapter up by the end of the week. Just know that every time I post a chapter, I will try to have another one up within 7 days after.