them knew they had a unique talent, they all got along fabulously, and genuinely enjoyed each others company. "Hey guys, I think we should give this a go." It was Jasper who tossed the flyer over to Emmett that day in Edward's garage. Emmett reached out and caught it before it landed on his drums. He scanned it quickly at first, with very minimal interest. "What's this?" he quickly dismissed it with a flick of his wrist and the flyer floated like a feather to the ground at Edward's feet, "A talent show? Don't you think that's cheesy Hale?" "Hell no! Did y'all see first prize?" Jasper fiddled with his guitar, adjusting the strap over his shoulder as he spoke. "Yeah, that's a lot of money…five hundred bucks…but did you read the fine print? It says it must be original…that means we have to write a song ourselves…we've never done that. We only know how to play other band's songs." Edward ignored Emmett's comments and reached for the flyer…he scanned it quickly, his eyes flying over the small letters. Emmett was right, they would have to write an original song, Edward could already feel the excitement creeping up his spine. This was a perfect opportunity…absolutely perfect…and they were ready…he just knew it… "We should do this guys…" his voice was firm, and he looked at both Emmett and Jasper who were both looking back at him a mixture of chagrin and doubt. "Why?" Emmett shrugged his shoulders, twirling one his drum sticks round and round in his fingers, "We don't even have a song. We'll never be able to do this on time." "I think I have one." Edward spun around and grabbed his old worn leather diary from the wooden work bench, "I've been messing with this for a few months now…want to see it?" "You wrote a song?" Jasper was already stretching out his hand, curiosity scribbled all over his face, "I've been fixing to do something like that…let me see it." He was quiet for a few seconds as he read…then he looked back up at Edward, "Hell…this is good! Check this out Emmett." That night they stayed out in Edward's garage until almost ten, only leaving when Esme came and scolded them all for being up so late on a school night. Edward didn't have to persuade his buddies to practice with him anymore. Emmett skipped basketball practice so he could spend more time at Edward's place; Jasper turned three girls down all in the same week, which was completely unreal, so that he wouldn't ruin their routine. Edward still lived, breathed, and thought of music…that was nothing new… Each night before he went to bed, Edward would write in that old leather diary. Sometimes just a few words or a couple of sentences…sometimes a paragraph or two. He always wrote with a pen, so instead of erasing things he changed his mind on, he would just cross them out, because he never knew if he would need those words again. Most of the time he realized, that more likely than not, the original words were always the best. The night of the talent show was something out of a dream. It was the first time Edward was going to play in front a very large group of people, people who were really going to judge him, and not just clap and cheer unless they really liked him. Jasper looked pretty pale that night, tiny beads of sweat were already glistening along his brow line even before they went onstage. This made Edward worry. He'd been studying all the bands before them and he knew none of them were as good as them; none of them had the same knack for music as they did, nor did they possess the same talent. "Come on Hale. You ok?" Edward wasn't sure how to ease Jasper's nerves. "Fine." Jasper wiped his forehead with the back of his arm, "A lil nervous, is all." "Suck it up Hale." Emmett tapped both of his drumsticks together in front of Jasper's face, "You've got more talent in your little pinky than any of those other guitar players I've seen." "Yeah, thanks." His friend's words didn't seem to help his nerves at all, Jasper fiddled with his guitar, how did this fucking guitar strap snap close anyways? "Besides Hale, take a peek out there," Emmett moved the dark blue velvet curtains slightly out of the way, all three boys looked out, "That place is full…full of more girls than you can ever imagine…or possibly date. And they're all out there…waiting for you …" This seemed to perk up Jasper better than any words Edward could think of, he should have guessed that the mention of girls would ease Jasper's mind, because Jasper immediately stopped fiddling with his guitar, a cocky grin taking over his face, "Hell yeah…let's show em how it's done boys." The applause Edward heard that night meant more to him than any other applause he'd ever received. Some people were even standing up as they clapped. And when they were announced the winners of the talent show, Edward couldn't stop smiling. He smiled through Jasper's victorious shouts, through Emmett's whoops and hollers, and through all that wonderful, wonderful applause. What he didn't see, what no one really saw that night, was one man…who watched the entire talent show silently way in the back of the auditorium. He left even before the winners were announced, he didn't need to know who won, he already figured out who he wanted, what he needed. No one knew at the moment that this was the man who was going to change Edward's entire life…and Jasper's…and Emmett's…and even Bella's. Tonight he would let them celebrate…enjoy their victory, because it was all about to change… tomorrow … Thank you so much for letting me share this with you. Please drop me a review, I love hearing from you! See you at the next chapter! MBella