the rest of his life. "She was so angry for so long. Everything that happened to her just…clouded her. Everything that she'd been through created this barrier between her and the rest of the world. She was too hurt, too afraid, too…broken to let anyone in, to let anyone see her for who she really was. But you can't fight fate." His words are interrupted as a car pulls up to the house. I know from the second I see it that it's Jacob, I can tell that it's him. My world brightens the second that he steps out of the car and for a moment I can feel myself being drawn to him. Being drawn to his light and his sun. Then I see her. The way that he wraps his arm around her, the way that he looks at her, the way that she looks at him… "Leah?" It comes out as barely a whisper but Sam hears it. "Four years after you left. Jake had moved on by this point, he'd gotten over you and accepted that you'd left. The anniversary of Harry's death came around and like always Leah was keeping her feelings hidden from the world. Only this time it was different. For some reason this time she just couldn't keep up the act. Eventually she broke down, broke down and finally admitted just how she really felt." Every word is like a dagger going straight through my heart. He found his soul mate. He found her. "Jake was there when it happened. She broke down in his arms and at last did the one thing that we all knew she needed. She opened up. She opened up to Jake and told him everything that she'd kept locked away and hidden in her heart. Everything about her father, about me and Emily, about phasing…everything. But when she did, when she finally let that barrier slip, she did something she didn't realise at first. She finally let Jake see her for who she really was and when he did, when he saw her truth for the first time he imprinted on her. That barrier she threw up after me and her, after me and Emily. That barrier kept the world from truly seeing her but once it was broken, once she finally let it shatter Jacob saw her for the first time." He turns away now and begins walking in the opposite direction. I consider staying, staying here and watching them, watching him but I know I can't. I'm pushing my luck just by being here. Sam could have easily killed me when he found me but he hasn't. Shaking my head I turn and follow him. When I finally catch up with him he continues his tale. "Leah refused to accept it at first, she was determined that she wasn't going to fall into the same trap as the rest of us. Only there's the thing about an imprint, you can't fight it. You can't fight the pull of your soul mate." He's recounting the tale but at the same time I heed the warning. He's warning me to keep away from him, warning me not to mess with Jacob. "It took months but eventually she gave in and decided to talk to him. You see that's the thing with Leah. After everything she'd been through she didn't just create this barrier to stop people from seeing her. Her own vision was clouded, her bitterness prevented her from seeing the world as it really was. Jacob stopped that." Just like Jacob… He has this way of bringing out the light in people, even when they don't want it. "It took a while but the more time they spent together the more the dark cloud that shrouded her lifted. When she finally let go of that dark cloud she did something she never thought that she would. She imprinted on Jacob. They finally got married three years ago and I've never seen either one of them as happy as they are now they're together." And there it is. The truth. Right there. He's happy. He's married. He's found his soul mate and she wants him too. You don't know what you've got until it's gone. I'm so consumed with my thoughts that I don't realise where we are until we're arrive. He's managed to walk me away from his tribe, away from his family, and to the border of their territory. "Bella." Drawing myself out of my thoughts I turn to face him. "She's pregnant." If I thought that my world couldn't break any more then I was wrong. The news shatters the already broken pieces of my heart and crushes them into dust. She's giving him the one thing that I can't. "They're having a baby Bella. They're together, they're happy and they're finally getting everything they both deserve. I will not let you damage that." The force in his voice breaks my thought process and forces me to focus on him. He's protecting his pack. "You can't take him away from her, the imprint won't allow it and he'd never leave her. He loves her and she loves him. You can't break them. He's not yours anymore. His heart belongs to Leah now and she's given hers to him. Stay away from these lands Bella, it's out of respect for Charlie and partly for you that I didn't kill you when I found you. I won't be so lenient if you come here again. You're a vampire on our territory, now leave!" I move faster than I ever have at his words. Moving faster and faster across the land, trying desperately to get away from everything I've heard. I can't. It's there. It's stuck in my mind, repeating like a record over and over again. I've lost him. Honest to god I've got no idea where this came from but it wouldn't leave me alone. Oh well its written now. What do you think?