realised I was the one who was screaming in terror. I turned around and ran in the opposite direction of the huge beast behind me. I had enough sense to actually stop screaming but I ran blindly just thinking I had to get away. It was not long before I heard a shout behind me. A familiar voice that made me slow down and take a look. There was Sam running behind me. I blinked for a second before realising what had just happened. Sam was the huge beast I saw but I panicked before I could remember that. I was brought back to the present when I felt Sam shaking me to get my attention. "Lana! Lana! Are you alright? Say something!" I nodded unable to speak. Sam just picked me up and turned around running in the opposite direction I had been going. I realised he wouldn't know about Em waiting for me and he might just be taking me home. I took out my phone and found Emily's number before giving it to him. He frowned at first but took the phone and spoke to her. He told her to head home and that he was bringing me with him. I was lulled by the rocking made by his running enough to fall asleep. The fright I had initially felt left me and the shaking had stopped as well. I realised that knowing about something and actually seeing it were two completely different things. I realised it would take some getting used to before I was comfortable with his other form. I blame my fear of dogs in my former life. When I woke up the next day I realised instead of waking me up Sam and Emily let me sleep. I was in my own bed in my room. I went to wash before getting dressed in some warm clothes knowing Sam and Emily would fuss if I tried to leave the house in anything less. I then made my way to the beach. It was still rather early so I knew they would both still be in bed. I didn't want to disturb them. I sat on a log and watched as the waves hit the shore. It occurred to me that I had once considered pissing Paul off to make him shift in front of me. I shuddered at the thought now. If I had done that I would have had a stroke or a heart attack right there and then. I would have to tell Sam I knew. I could not keep up the pretence of ignorance anymore. I hated lying to him. It was already bad enough that I was keeping a secret from him. My vision suddenly changed my eyes shut of their own accord and I Sam shifting, I realised I was having a vision of the past if the panicking and freaking out I saw was any indication. I could see it was the first time he shifted. The vision changed to when he was with Emily and he got angry causing him to shift unfortunately Emily was standing too close, the vision changed to him guiding Paul when he shifted, then Jared the last one I saw myself talking to Sam. I was telling him I knew about the wolves. This last one had not happened yet. I realised why I was having it. I was explaining how I knew to him. It was what had held me back before. How was I going to explain my knowledge? I returned to the house to find Sam and Emily both up and about. "Morning" instead of replying Sam asked "Are you okay?" I smiled to reassure him "I'm fine don't worry. Thanks for bringing me home last night and Emily I'm sorry, I actually went in further than I thought and got lost. I didn't know which direction went back to the road. Instead I ended up going further in" "No kidding, you were nearly three miles from the road when I found you." We sat down at the kitchen table, Sam and Emily across from me. I broke the silence "Sam I know that was you in wolf form last night." I watched as he stiffened at my words but I continued anyway. I only realised it when I saw you appear out of nowhere and the wolf was gone." "How did you come to that conclusion?" I looked at him and said "It's complicated." His eyes narrowed and I said "What I mean is I didn't find out because of anything you or the guys did. I found out through a gift of my own. It's one thing to see something in your mind's eye it's another to actually see it right in front of you." I sighed when all he did was raise an eyebrow. So I said "I have visions, okay." He looked a bit sceptical so I figured I needed to make a believer out of him "Look I know when you first shifted you were alone and confused and had no clue what was happening. You had to learn the ropes on your own with very little guidance from the elders. I also know how Emily got her scars, I know you have guided the other boys so they don't have to go through the terror you had to go through, I know you have been patrolling and keeping us safe from vampires." The lack of reaction frightened me making me wish I had not said anything. I hurried to say "I'm Sorry, I shouldn't have said anything, I should have just kept it to myself." I got up and dashed out of the door and just ran not caring where I went as long as it was away. I didn't want to face their rejection. My vision had only shown me explaining things. It did not occur to me at the time that I did not see the reaction to my confessions.