her voice brought me back from my dazed mental state. She was looking at me with that delicious blush in the apples of her cheeks, eyes looking at me hesitantly. Oh Lord, I couldn't stand it... "Do you want to walk to English together?" I nodded and swallowed thickly again, shoving down with the venom all the decadent pictures my imagination was painting of the moment her blood trickled down my scorched throat. Just then, a gust of air blew down the hallway in the direction I was facing, and almost immediately, I heard a rumbling snarl and several growls sound from across the hallway. My eyes flicked over, and I saw Emmett and Rose struggling to restrain Jasper, teeth bared mid-snarl and his eyes black and wild, his body arched into hunting stance. "Shit. Jazz!" I snarled, and at slightly-faster-than-human speeds, I moved in front of Alice, shielding her from my brother, and growled back lowly, warning him off. Mine, the Thirst and the strange voice that had commanded me to stop breathing both hissed. But Jazz did not seem to shake off the effects of his bloodthirst, and I saw in his darkened eyes the fierce battle between his flagging willpower and his Thirst. He was going to snap at any moment, and Emmett and Rosalie were going to have a hard time stopping him without taking down our entire facade of humanity too. A split second later, I threw a partial shield forward over the two of us as I ran forward, shielding from the humans the loud boom of my granite frame slamming into Jasper's and pushing him further down the hallway towards where the door was. He snarled loudly before I shoved my arm into his face and he bit down hard. Hissing in pain, I still managed to shove him down the stairs and out the door, both of us crashing onto the field near the woods. "Breathe, Jazz," I yelled into his face as I tried to wrestle him down. He snarled and snapped at my arms, nearly throwing me off, to which I responded by slapping him across the face, before he finally complied with my order, breathing in and shuddering as he exhaled. It took a few more minutes before I could see the wildness of the bloodthirst fade from his eyes. "Sorry," he gasped once his Thirst was under control. "That scent was-" "I know," I responded grimly. If it hadn't been for Alice's magnetic eyes or the imminent threat of Jasper's attack, Mary Alice Brandon might not even be alive and sitting in English class right now. "Her blood called to me like something I've never experienced before either, and I'm the one with the best control in our family." Jasper made a motion, and I leaped off him, landing nimbly on my feet three feet away. He got up slowly and dusted his chinos, which had some grass stains on them from our tussle on the field. "Sorry," he said softly, his eyes still dark but repentant. "For biting you, I mean." The ache on my right arm suddenly flared up at his mention. "Apology accepted," I winced, rubbing it to alleviate the sting of venom. "You were protecting her, weren't you?" he asked quietly, as I looked down at the new crescent bite mark on my arm. I frowned in disagreement. "No," I replied, a little more curtly than I intended. "I was saving all of us from exposure by our thirst." "No," he said firmly, fixing his steady gaze on me. "No, it was more than that. You were talking to her for a long time before I caught her scent, and right afterwards, I felt protectiveness coming from you that wasn't directed towards us. It was directed towards her ." I shrugged and shifted my eyes elsewhere, avoiding his scrutinizing look and trenchant observations. "I was just feeling a little protective of my food, that's all," I answered nonchalantly, suppressing the anxiety and self-doubt roiling in my gut. "You know how I get a little weird when I'm thirsty." Jasper opened his mouth a little, as if to disagree yet again, but then closed it and nodded, turning away. "I need to hunt," he stated matter-of-factly. "You need to as well. Your eyes are all black." "Shit," I swore, whipping out my cell phone. I saw at least a dozen texts from both Emmett and Rosalie asking if we were alright. I quickly texted them back, saying that we were both fine but in need of a long hunt, and that we would probably be taking the next two days off, and could they please please inform the office for us, muchos gracias . Shoving my phone back in my pocket, I said to Jasper, "Rose and Em have got things covered. We're taking the next two days off to hunt. Where do you wanna go?" Jasper thought silently for a moment. "Yosemite," he answered, grinning slightly. "Okay," I agreed. Plenty of mule deer and cougars there to sate my appetite. Maybe a black bear or two to spice things up. Quickly texting Rose back that we needed three days because we were heading to Yosemite and lowering my sound shield around Jasper and myself, I followed Jasper into the woods at the edge of the school and started running full-speed. As the trees blurred past us and the landscape changed around us, I wondered anxiously why, when I had seen Jasper's dark fierce eyes boring down on Alice Brandon, an unexpected protectiveness of her had surged up in me like a rogue wave. At that moment, nothing else had mattered - not the fear of exposure, not the love of my family, not all my years of trust and closeness with Jazz - except the inexplicable need to protect at all costs. A mere human. Alice. AN: Please let me know what you think and what you guys want to see! Reviews much appreciated!