shirt. "You are single, right?" He felt like even if he wasn't single at the moment, he'd make it so for her. He nodded, trying to rearrange his legs to hide the effect she was having on him. Was it the fresh country air? The craziness with the goats? The roundness of this woman, from her apple cheeks, strawberry lip and the ripe melons hidden in her shirt. Everything about her was lush and made him hungry for more than food. Stop it , he chastised himself. You're here temporarily, and getting into it with your boss's cousin was a bad idea. He needed to stick to the facts. "So my boss is your cousin?" "He's my cousin, but not Rose's. We have the same father but different mothers." He chewed on his toast, eyebrows raised, not sure if he wanted to step into that cow pie. She twirled a piece of her long, brown hair. "Aren't you going to ask? Most people want to know how that worked out." He cleared his throat, trying not to appear too anxious. "I do, but I don't…want to ask if it bothers you." "Doesn't bother me." She sat back, her tea to her lips. "Our fertile father managed to impregnate the stripper at his bachelor party and his new bride on the same weekend." Edward swallowed his tea. "So who's who?" "I'd like to tease you some more, but it's only a matter of time before you find out. I was three when the cops showed up with Rose. Her momma was killed in a car crash. My momma was pregnant with Alice, but she couldn't turn Rose away. From what I'm told Daddy spent a few years in the dog house." "I bet." Edward imagined what his father would look like if someone showed up with a love child. His mom played college softball and still kept her bat around. "So they had a DNA test done?" "Momma said no. Daddy's name was on the birth certificate, and Rose didn't have any other family. She would have gone to the state." Edward nodded, thinking how forgiving Bella's mother must be. "That was…nice of her." "Family takes care of family round here." They ate, watching the baby goats rambling and but into each other. Edward didn't want to destroy this bucolic scene, but there was some vital information he needed to know, and he couldn't exactly ask his boss. "Emmett is married to someone else?" Bella shook her head. "Emmett and Rose were together forever, then they had one of their fights. He took off with a jug of shine, came back three days later with a wife. He claims the marriage was never consummated, his…" Bella cleared her throat and raised her eyebrows, "wife disagrees. She wants to hang onto his sorry ass, and all he wants is Rose." Curiosity satisfied, Edward felt he needed to swing this conversation out of the hillbilly history channel. He pointed to the pasture. "How'd did you get started with all this?" "A 125-gal KleenFlo vat, a stainless steel four lever press/drain table, two-curd harps & stir tools; forty forms of various sizes, stainless steel sinks, scales, a vacuum packer, UV light water purifier…" He stared. She laughed. "Oh that's not what you meant? Gramps left me the farm. Rose created the web site and does all the accounting, Alice designed the packaging, makes the soaps and helps with shipping and corporate accounts." "And what's your position?" He took a big bite of toast. He couldn't get enough of the tangy cheese. "I expanded the herd, hired staff, try new recipes." She leaned even closer, until their knees were touching and her hands were braced on his thigh. "But my favorite job is taste tester. And you've got some right here." Her tongue was on his lips before he could comprehend what she was doing. Her firm touch traced all along his lips then swept inside. He gave no resistance, and started to kiss her back as her hands worked through his hair. His hands were drawn to the curve of her hips, pulling her further onto his lap. He tried to resist, but he had to see if her breast felt as good as it looked. He slid his hand up under her shirt, the warm weight of her overfilling his fingers. He squeezed, then kneaded around to toy with her nipple, rolling it under his palm. She moved away from his lips, allowing him a deep breath, but she didn't resume the kiss. He panted, "What's the matter?" "There's something hard sticking into my hip." "I'm sorry, I don't usually react so quick, you're just so—" Laughing. She's laughing, he thought, never a good sign. "Your holster is sticking into my hip, not your…" She laughed some more as she stood up, looking down into his lap. Edward took his hands off her body and started to get up. "I should go back on patrol." "You should." Bella reached over for the dishes. "Why don't you come back for dinner? Out of uniform. You could help me milking. You surely have the hands for it." He tried to keep his eyes from her breasts when she mentioned milking. He just nodded and swallowed, hoping his voice wouldn't squeak like a teenager. "What time do you milk the goats?" "Second thing in the morning." He was about to ask her what the first thing was when the radio squawked, something about a missing cow. He thumbed at his vehicle. "I gotta go." "Hurry back." He stumbled to the Explorer, licking his lips for the last vestige of taste. Her taste, the cheese, it didn't much matter. He'd be back for more tonight. Who said small towns were boring? Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x