up a friendship with. His older brother Emmett had become a regular fixture at Bella's house. That mainly in part being to Rosalie. The two had a love-hate relationship from the moment they met. Emmett had took one look at Rosalie and almost fell to her feet. Rosalie on the other hand made Emmett work for her affection. "That girl is gonna be my wife someday." Emmett would tell Edward. Edward had already met Bella's mother and stepfather Phil as well as Sue and Seth. Bella had been trying to arrange for him to meet her dad and now was the day. "Don't worry. He likes Jacob," Bella stated. She led him up to the house just as Sue opened the door. "Come in, Leah, Seth and Jacob are in the kitchen. " Sue said as they followed her in, shutting the door behind them. "Charlie, come meet Edward." Charlie came in. "Hey Bells. This must be your new boyfriend." Charlie said, looking Edward over. "Hi Dad, meet Edward Cullen," Bella said. "Nice to meet you sir," Edward said as he put his hand out. Charlie shook his hand. "Nice to meet you too, Edward," Charlie said. "Come on, dinners getting cold," Sue said. They followed Sue to the dining room. "So Edward, you like guns?" Charlie asked over dinner. "Yes sir." He nodded enthusiastically. "Good. I wanna show you these new hunting guns I just got," Charlie said. "Yes sir," Edward said. Jacob and Seth were trying, and failing horribly, to hide their laughter. Bella tried to give Edward an encouraging smile. She knew that her dad was just trying to scare Edward but the look on her boyfriend's face was priceless. "Come on, Edward," Charlie said, getting up and going outside as Bella and Leah cleared the table. "You too Jacob." "What? I've already done this." Jacob muttered but he followed Edward. An hour later, everyone came inside and Charlie gave Bella a smile and nod, clearly telling her he approved. After cleaning, Bella and Edward went outside to the back porch with cups of hot chocolate to sit on the porch swing. "You know I use to live on the next block. I was about 14 at the time." Edward stated. Bella looked at him as her widened as realization hit her. Next block. Edward. Eddie . Garrett. Gary . "You're THAT Eddie?" she exclaimed. "Ben's friend!" "Wait a minute, you were the little brown hair short girl that always followed Ben around," Edward realized. "How many times have you been put into my life?" Bella asked him. "Enough to know we belong together darlin'," Edward said as he kissed her. December 2013. Christmas. Swan/Clearwater house. Bella, Leah and Seth always spent Christmas Eve night at home. Jacob had joined every year since he and Leah got together. This year Edward joined. They would be going to Edward's parents house later that day. They headed down the stairs and the next hour was a blur of bows, wrapping paper and presents. "I have one more thing that I didn't wrap." Edward announced. Bella heard a click and noticed Leah was recording. Edward dropped to his knee and pulled out a ring. It was a three stone ring with diamonds all around the band. "Isabella Marie Swan, I love you with all my heart darlin'. I think I always have. You're my everything, my heart, my reason for bein, my life. There's nothing I wouldn't do to make you happy. Will you do me the extraordinary honor of marryin' me?" he asked. "YES!" Bella said as she started crying. Edward had tears in his eyes as he placed the ring on her finger, and gave her a kiss. "I love you so much baby." he whispered. January 2014. Charleston. "So apparently Alice now wants a nice country boy." Bella told Edward as they waited for their food. After New Years, Alice and Jared had broke up. Jared wasn't ready to get married. Alice accused him of commitment issues. "If she wants a country boy, I have a friend. Remember Jasper?" Edward asked. "Yes," Bella said. "Yall use to be best friends till his woman took him away." "He's single, he and Sara broke up for good. Do you think Alice would like him?" "Maybe." Bella shrugged. June 2014. The Gatherings Reception Hall. "To Jasper and Alice!" Bella finished her maid of honor toast. After that night, Bella had invited Jasper to dinner at their house. Alice and Jasper fell in love at first sight. They got engaged on Valentine's Day and now here they were. Everyone thought Alice was pregnant but she wasn't. They were just in love. "Now, everyone here knows we wouldn't be here today without me and my fiancee." Edward started as everyone laughed. "I think its safe to say, they owe us. But in all seriousness, Jasper and I have known each other a long time. We may not always have made up after a day when we fought like Alice and Bella but I always knew if I needed him, he was there. Alice, you've always been a supporter of me and Bella and even thought I wasn't too bad when I was 14 years old with a lisp. Congratulations you two! I love you both!" Edward finished. After the dances, Edward found Bella at the bar. "How is it possible they ended up married before us?" "Alice," Bella answered with a laugh. "True." he laughed as they headed back to their table where Alice's parents were. "So Bella, I never got to ask you," Cynthia Brandon, Alice's mom began. "How did you two meet?" Bella and Edward looked at each other, smiled, then looked back to Cynthia. "Well, its kind of a funny story..." Bella started. Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x