plans for their welfare too, to give them a future with hope," she smiled at him. "Right you are, Bella. 'With God all things are possible.'" She laughed softly. "This is fun, but I'm not fool enough to get into a scripture quoting contest with someone whose job it is to pull the perfect reference out of his hat at any moment." "Hmm, I don't know. I'm guessing that even as a child you knew the answer to any question ever asked during the children's sermon," he challenged. "Well, that's easy," she replied. "Usually the answer was Jesus, forgiveness, or 'because God loves you', you just have to pick best one." "See, I knew you had all the answers!" he laughed. "Yes, you're right, I'm clearly a scriptural savant," she joked. "Since we've covered religion, should we move on politics?" "Oh yes, let's get those two conversational pariahs out of the way so we can move on to more substantial topics!" Throughout dinner, Edward and Bella learned more about one another. Bella shared her frustration with dating in the past year and her resulting self-reflection. She told how she had gone back to her roots, including re-connecting with her church. Edward seemed intrigued by her journey of self-discovery, asking insightful questions and giving suggestions for how to strengthen her faith. As they enjoyed a cup of coffee sitting alone on the sofa after dinner, Bella admitted to herself the incredibly strong attraction she felt for Edward. She didn't think she had ever felt anything quite like it. Beyond his good looks and easy manner, she found him smart and engaging. He laughed often but then could challenge her opinions without making her feel inferior. There was something between them and she was confident that he felt it too. She was just about to ask him another question when his cell phone buzzed in his pocket. "I'm sorry about this Bella," he said as he pulled it out and glanced at the display. "I have to take this, please excuse me." He stood and went into the kitchen for some privacy, only to return a few moments later. "Bella, one of my parishioners has had a heart attack. He's going in for surgery tonight and the family has asked me to come to the hospital. I'm sorry, but I have to go." "Of course you do!" she said, standing to join him. "Listen, before I head out, I'd like to ask you something. Would you like to have coffee with me sometime soon? Maybe this weekend? We could continue to get to know one another." "I'd really like that." He smiled brightly at her. "Wonderful. If you give me your number I'll call you tomorrow to make plans." She smiled back and reached out her hand. "Give me your phone and I'll program my number for you." He passed her his phone and she quickly entered her contact information before handing it back. "I'm really glad we met tonight," he said. "So am I, Edward," she said with a smile. "Talk to you tomorrow." Edward quickly said his goodbyes to the others and left for the hospital. As promised, Edward called the next day and that Saturday night Bella was in a local coffee shop waiting to meet him. She'd arrived early and found a table by the window where she was watching the rain. After 10 minutes, she went to the counter and ordered a coffee to sip while she waited. Five minutes later she called his cell phone but it went right to voice mail. She left him a message saying she was at the coffee shop and that she hoped everything was okay. Then she waited some more. She knew he was chronically late…his family took bets on it! She assured herself that he was probably just running late as usual. Another five minutes passed and she was chewing her thumbnail, beginning to wonder if she had imagined the connection she felt toward Edward at Alice's house. Edward is really nice but he should know to at least call when he's this late. Maybe I mis-read him. I thought this had potential, but maybe I'm wrong. A few more minutes passed and Bella's self-doubt grew. He was probably just being nice to me so he wouldn't hurt Alice's feelings. That didn't mean he had to ask me out though. We could have gone our separate ways after dinner. That would have been perfectly fine! Hmph. How long does etiquette demand that I wait for a date to show? If he's just five or ten minutes late and I leave, that makes me a jerk because anything could delay him that long. If I wait too long, that makes me desperate with nothing better to do than wait for some guy to show. What's the magic number between jerk and desperate? If Alice and Jasper weren't at a movie I'd call her right now. Okay, I decree that 20 minutes should be the normal limit, but Edward is time-challenged…. Damn, it's pouring out now. I'll get another coffee and give him 10 more minutes, then I'm out of here, rain or not. After getting a refill, Bella sat back in her seat and stared at her watch. Nine minutes to go. Damn this coffee is hot. Seven minutes. Cool enough to sip without scalding my tongue. Four minutes. I probably should use the restroom before I leave. The ten minutes were up just as Bella exited the restroom and swept her gaze around the coffee shop a final time. Well, over half an hour is more than enough - even for prodigal pastors. After putting on her coat, Bella pushed opened the door of the coffee shop and walked out into the rain. Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x