dark-haired girl kicked her right leg forward with pointed toes, pivoting in a revolving whirl, her hair flaring out around her. Her stomach hollowed out before she popped her hip to the left and then right in time with the music. The beat grew until I could only hear it as it reverberated through my chest. I was breathing heavily for some reason as I watched her body undulate and twist in an exotic rhythm. Hips still moving, she bent at the waist letting her hair fall forward before arching upwards onto her toes, raising her skirt enough that I saw she was barefoot. I barely noticed that the music had quieted again until I saw that she was moving towards the crowd. Her body had returned to swaying as she moved through the crowd, casually touching the audience, a hand on their shoulder, fingers in their hair, a hand on their cheek. With each touch, money was being given and hidden somewhere in the layers of skirts. She looked into the eyes of each man and woman as she touched them. As she got closer, I wanted to run but I was frozen in place. When her eyes met mine, they widened momentarily before looking away as she continued to speak quietly to people in the audience. I was both relieved and chagrined when she walked past me. I was fascinated by her and I didn't know why. There was just something about her that seemed to have me hypnotized me. I watched her until she disappeared back behind the curtain and the crowd began to leave the building. Before I had a chance to pull my gas mask back on and join the leaving crowd. I was grabbed by the arm and dragged behind a curtain. "You should not be here," a soft feminine voice hissed. I looked down startled to find that I was now face to face with the dancer. "You are ashka. They could kill you for invading our area," she said. "I got lost looking for a thief," I said as explanation. "You could lose more than your wallet in a place like this," she said with a frown. In the shadows of the partitioned off area, she still had me hypnotized. I could barely see her eyes past the dark make up, but I could make out the rest of her. She was such a mixture of features that individually were not perfect. Her chin was a little too pointy, her upper lip had an uneven cupid's bow, her forehead was a little too broad. However, put together all of these slight deficiencies were an intriguing mix. "You're such a unique combination…" I said, but then blushed furiously when she snorted. "Aren't you the poet," she said, but then fell silent as there was a sound of rustling on the other side of the curtain. "Bella?" a man's voice called out. "Are you in there?" Eyes wide with fear, I tried to shrink further into the shadows. However, the woman who looked panicked for a moment as her eyes flickered between the curtain and me, suddenly pulled me forward and pressed me down onto a small stool. Pulling up her skirts slightly, she straddled my lap. Then, much to my astonishment she pulled my face to hers and pressed her lips against mine. I froze startled and confused by the gesture. However, I didn't have a chance to pull away because suddenly the curtain was pulled open and a gruff man's voice spoke. "Jesus, Bella. Can't you do that somewhere else? You don't want Dad to catch you." Bella simply grunted in understanding and threw herself more into pressing her lips to mine and wrapping her arms around my neck, covering the exposed skin of my neck. With a growl of frustration, the curtain dropped and Bella released me. We stared into each other's eyes for a few moments without saying anything. Then, she stood up and peeked through the curtain. "Okay, come with me, edorra," she said. Tugging me by the hand and through the curtain she pulled me towards the back of the building and into another room. Looking around the rows of clothing hanging on the walls, I knew we were in her dressed room. I didn't understand what was happening, but I knew that I had to leave before the man returned. "I need to go," I said, looking for another way of getting out. "I know, edorra," Bella said with her back to me as she suddenly yanked off her shirt and threw it on the bed. I spun around startled and confused by her actions. But before too long, she was standing in front of me in clothing that was much more akin to what I was wearing. "Let's go. I'll take you to your part of town," she said, confidently. Pulling on her gas mask, she gestured for me to do the same. Then, she led me out into the night and down winding streets. She took me another more direct route towards the city center where I lived and I found myself cataloguing the names of streets as I passed them. Finally, I saw the familiar signs of my neighbourhood. I reached out and took her arm as she hurried ahead of me. "I know where I am now," I said. She turned towards me and spoke. "Good," she said, pulling her arm out of mine. "Your name is Bella?" I asked her, wanting to know more about this woman. "It doesn't matter, edorra," she said, stepping away from me. "I'm Edward," I said, even though she didn't ask me. "Don't come back, Edward," she said and then spun on her heel and started walking away. However, before she disappeared, I called out. "What does edorra mean?" She turned so that she was walking backwards and grinned at me. "It means 'handsome.'" I smiled back but before I could say anything else she was gone.