lifted the grimacing head to the sky. "I know you can hear me." His words were low and threatening. Digging a book of matches from his back pocket, he displayed it in front of Laurent's black, agony-filled eyes. He rubbed it between his fingers until it burst into flames, and then dropped the little fireball onto James' head. "You need to remember that Major Jasper Whitlock allowed you to survive this day." Seeing James' head being eaten away by flames, the redhead renewed her desperate fight to escape Emmett's hold. "Noooo!" she screeched when she freed her mouth. "I'll kill you! I'll kill you all! While your bodies burn, I'll take your little human and drain her right in front of you!" Jasper stalked toward them, absently dropping Laurent's head next to his body as he passed it. He quickly scanned the others. Carlisle was bent over Edward, having reattached his head, but his face was a picture of appalled bewilderment. Rosalie, standing over them, wasn't faring much better. Beyond them, Alice was sitting on the ground, holding Bella against her chest, and she was stroking the unconscious girl's hair. Esme appeared to be weeping into Alice's shoulder. Jasper returned his gaze to the struggling, snarling female. "Your name." "I'll never tell you! I'll kill—" In a flash, Jasper was crouched in front of her, his hand spread over the crown of her head. A deep growl rumbled through his chest as he increased the pressure with each deliberately enunciated word. "Tell me your name." "Victoria!" she shrieked. Her screams continued even after he drew his hand away, silvery venom dripping from his fingertips. Victoria paused to suck in another breath, and Emmett, uncertain and decidedly unsettled, blurted out, "Are you going to kill her?" "You heard her. Let her up." Without any hesitation, Emmett let go and scrambled away. Lightning split the sky, momentarily causing Victoria's writhing body to stand out in stark relief against the dull scrub grass. She wailed and dug at her cracked skull, her hair darkening as she bled. Jasper took another book of matches from his pocket. He plucked one loose, struck it, and tossed the miniature flaring missile onto the mass of venom-soaked, curling red hair. The resulting shrieks were ear-splitting. Victoria lurched to her feet and stared incredulously at the sputtering flames licking over her hands. The panic in her eyes flipped to depthless hatred, and she charged at Jasper, her grasping hands straining to reach him. In one fluid motion, Jasper's hand snaked out as he side-stepped her. Victoria's furious screams were abruptly silenced when her head tipped over and slowly began to roll down her back. Her decapitated body took two unsteady steps before flopping heavily to the ground. The fiery mass of rapidly disappearing curls bounced once and settled beside it. Purple-tinged flames quickly spread to her clothes. Dazed at the sudden, irrevocable carnage, Emmett shook his head and peered cautiously at Jasper. "What the fuck was that, man? Do you always carry around matches?" He shivered at the deadly calm in Jasper's eyes. "Always." Jasper pulled off his T-shirt and methodically wiped the foreign venom from his arms and fingers. "They threatened my woman. They'll never do it again." He balled up the shirt and lobbed it into the crackling, popping fire. Emmett shook his head again, but kept his eyes lowered. He was afraid to witness what else might be revealed in Jasper's eyes. "How … the venom on your hands ... How did you keep from catching yourself on fire?" "Years of practice." Scrubbing his palm over his face, Emmett mumbled, "Holy shit. I've never seen anything like it." "Carlisle's kept you ignorant about the reality of this life—all of you. It's time you learned." Jasper purposely strode toward the others. When he reached Rosalie, Carlisle, and Edward, he halted; hands propped on his belt, and stared down into Edward's terror-stricken face, but addressed the head of the family. "Carlisle, you can put Laurent back together or not. That's up to you. He won't be a problem." He sighed. "Bella's father knows she's with Edward. It's simple, but it should work. Both of them, and Alice and I, dying in a car accident will explain our disappearance." Carlisle finally found his voice. "Disappearance? Alice and—?" "I'm leaving and I'm taking Bella with me. Alice is going with us." "But then Edward wouldn't be able to be seen—" "I don't care. You've done it before. You'll figure it out if you want to stay here a while." Jasper leveled one finger at Edward. "She's your singer not your love ." Dismissing them, he continued toward Alice. "Alice, I think it's time I properly meet Bella." "She's still out for the time being. She'll wake up on the way to your place. Unless you want to change her now?" Alice's face lit up with an encouraging smile and her eyes twinkled. "Whether you do it now or decide to wait, either way, she'll be a little upset at first, but she's going to love you." "She won't be the first newborn wanting to take a bite out of me." The emotionless, stony face of the war-hardened vampire finally began to soften. The iron set of his jaw relaxed, the frigid black of his irises melted away to warm gold, and the rigid tension drained out of his body. At long last, the young man he once was appeared as he knelt on one knee to take his young mate into his arms. He cradled her tenderly to his chest and tucked her head under his chin. Gradually rising, he slowly breathed in her scent, nuzzled her hair, and closed his eyes with a contented sigh. "It's so nice to finally meet you." Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x