but I had not had the pleasure of meeting the good doctor. "Yeah he was on his way to the hospital." Brian explained. I nodded and walked over Mike Newton. "I got Mike Althea check on the Doctor ." Jason said, stopping me from going to Mike. I nodded and wondered about his problem with Doctor Cullen but put the thought away to ponder on later. "Hi Dr. Cullen, I'm Althea Swan. I am a paramedic do you mind if I check you out?" I asked giving him the same greeting I would give anyone. "Good morning Miss Swan. I don't mind, however I did explain to Mr. Smith that I am fine. Mr. Newton barely hit my vehicle with his own. No spider webbing, no airbag deployment, not a thing. Just some cosmetic damage that will take nothing to fix." Dr. Cullen explained. "Alright well let me check you over then we can see about you denying treatment and transport. How's that sound?" I asked. "Sounds fine. It is nice to meet you by the way Ms. Swan. Charlie has talked about you joining our EMS crew nonstop for weeks now. I really do not need any interventions. I have already taken my own vital signs." He said stopping me from pulling out the blood pressure cuff. I sighed knowing that I would not get anything from Dr. Cullen. They really are right when they say doctors are the worst patients. I asked Dr. Cullen or Carlisle as he insisted I call him the basic questions and of course he had the perfect answers. As I finished with my assessment we talked about how nice it would be to work together. Carlisle seemed really interested in bettering the hospital and being there for the people of Forks and La Push. I was ecstatic that we for once had a top notch doctor who didn't care about making money, he only cared about helping the people. As I finished up dad came up and took Carlisle to the side to fill out vehicle collision paperwork. I looked over to Jason who had also finished his assessment on Mike Newton. It looked to be as if both patients were going to refuse transport. I don't blame them the incident was very mild and barely any car damage happened. "Well that was fun." I remarked once we were back in the truck. "Another day in paradise, eh?" Jason joked. And so began our first day. Around 3 we made it out to La Push. I got out with Jason and we made our way to the door. Just as I was about to open the door it was flung open and I collided with a hard body. I stumbled backwards and would have fell if it were not for the strong warm arms holding me steady. "I'm so sorry." A deep voice rumbled from a wide strong chest that my face was currently flushed with. I blushed up to my roots. Heat filled my face as I backed away and looked up and up at my attacker and savior. My mind went blank as I stared into eyes so dark that they were nearly black. Dark hair cut short but still long enough to grab ahold of sat messily on his head. His chiseled face was tan and his kissable lips were an enticing shade of pink that were curling up into a wide smile that showed off white perfect teeth. I could not look away. I barely noticed that even though I had stepped back his hot hands were still on my waist. I didn't notice my partner Jason giggling at my situation. I didn't even notice that there were two other guys in the doorway behind this man in front of me. All I noticed were his soul searching eyes and all I knew was that I could look into those eyes for days and know everything would be fine. "Sam you okay bro?" A voice asked from behind him. Sam what a nice name. I thought a little bit dreamily. "I'm… great. Are you okay?" He answered and asked me once again. Jason thumped me on my head to bring me out of my stupor. As I broke eye contact to turn and glare at Jason I could have sworn I heard a light growl. I turned back to the man Sam and raised my eye brow in question at whether it came from him or I imagined it. He gave no answer. "I'm fine. Thank you for catching me….?" I trailed off hoping to catch his name. "Samuel Uley but I go by Sam and you are?" He asked in his deep voice. It wounded like velvet and I could listen to him speak for days on end if it were possible. "Althea Swan." "Uley you going to let my partner go anytime soon?" Jason asked interrupting the moment. I groaned at the thought of Sam letting me go. It just felt right standing in his arms. Like it was meant to be. "Uh yeah sure. So I will see you around Althea?" He asked reluctantly bringing his arms down to his side. I smiled at him and went to answer but Jason interrupted again. "Yeah she will at Collin's party this weekend. Then you and her can do the weird stare into each other's eyes thing there. For now though I need to talk to Old Quil about something. Come on Althea." Jason said as he pulled me into the building pushing past Sam and the other two guys. "Bye Sam!" I yelled just as the door was closing. "Bye Althea I will see you soon." He spoke back to me. I couldn't help the grin that spread across my face. This dreamy man literally walked into my life and even though I slightly knew him from years ago I couldn't wait to get to know this Samuel Uley and I couldn't wait to see him again.