float around her face. "Well, the truth is…this is all my fault." She whispered that last bit so softly, I almost missed it completely. "See, I work as a nursing assistant on the weekends down at the clinic on 5th Street. I was with Dr. Collier when he examined your friend this morning, but I already knew Emmett even before that." "Oh shit, you two…never…you know–" Her eyes widened in shock and she shook her head furiously. "God no! Emmett dated my roommate, Rose, a few times. I was actually surprised he didn't recognize me when I walked into the exam room, but he didn't even give me a second look. When Dr. Collier addressed him as Edward Cullen, I was shocked. But…he's your friend. I mean…I see you around campus with him all the time. So, I didn't think he was doing anything…malicious. I just thought you were…I don't know…helping him out." She ran her hand through her hair and sighed. "I'm sorry, Edward. I should've said something–" I held up my hand to stop her apology. "No, it's okay, Bella. Emmett's an ass for doing this in the first place, but I guess to an extent I understand. His dad's a real bastard." As I ran her words over in my head, I couldn't escape this nagging feeling. "So, you've seen me around campus then? With Emmett, I mean?" I'd seen her around campus as well, but we also had three classes together. I was ashamed to admit that I purposefully sat two rows back and three seats to the left of her in every one of those classes, just so I could stare at her without seeming like a fucking stalker. "Uh…sure…around campus and stuff." She suddenly seemed very nervous and it wasn't lost on me that we were both shy and awkward around the other. "And in Econ…and English. Oh, and Calculus. Bane of my existence, that one." I chuckled a little at her admission. I was actually really good at math, but nothing in that class held my interest except her. It was an addiction I was trying to come to grips with. "Hmm, I know what you mean. It's a pain, but I do have a pretty good mind for it. When I can stay focused, that is." She stared at me with just a hint of a smile on her face. "Yeah, I tend to have trouble focusing in certain classes, too." The orange glow of the streetlamp over our heads gave an odd tint to her skin, but I could still see the faint blush on her cheeks. "Calculus is the worst, though. I just can't seem to grasp the material." Fuck, I'd been a complete fool all this time. I should've taken Emmett's advice and just asked her out, but I'd been too chicken shit to take the initiative. Maybe this was my way in. "I could help, you know. With Calculus? I could…maybe…tutor you. If you'd like." She flashed me a genuine smile and tucked her hair behind her ear. "Really? You'd do that?" My answering smile was just as wide as hers as the tension between us began to wane. "Sure. I'd be happy to. We could meet at the library on Tuesday around six and maybe grab a bite to eat before hitting the books?" "Like a date?" she asked with one quirked eyebrow. "Ah, no," I replied, internally chastising myself as her face fell in disappointment. "A date would be dinner and a movie. Tomorrow night. What do you say?" Confusion clouded her beautiful face for a brief moment. "Are you asking me out?" I decided that I'd played it safe for way too long. It was time to step up and lay all my cards on the table. "Yeah, Bella, I am. I've liked you for a really long time and I'd like to get to know you better. So, will you go on a date with me?" The poor girl looked completely dumbfounded and my heart sank at the thought that she might shoot me down. Maybe I'd read this wrong. Maybe she didn't look at me the way I looked at her. "I'd love to," she whispered, causing my bruised heart to soar. "I…I like you, too." I thought my face would surely split wide open with the force of my grin. She'd said yes. I could barely contain my excitement as I grasped her small hand in mine. "Oh, thank God. I thought you were going to tell me to take a hike." "Well, you are holding a bag full of STD meds. I probably should say no." She chuckled and poked me in the ribs. "Oh, jeez…you have no idea," I laughed, holding my stomach. "I wanted to crawl in a hole and die when you saw the prescription. I knew I'd just lost all chances at winning you over." She gazed up at me with bright eyes. "Silly man, you had me a long time ago. You just never knew it." Her statement left me reeling and gave me all the encouragement I needed. Cupping her warm cheek, I ran my thumb along her bottom lip, silently asking for permission. She licked her lips and leaned into my hand. Taking the biggest risk of my life, I leaned forward and pressed my lips to hers. We moved together seamlessly. She gripped my shirt tightly as I threaded my fingers through her hair, her sweet taste exploding on my tongue. It was better than anything I'd ever imagined. And as I kissed her in that parking lot, I could see our entire future laid out before us. A lifetime of love. Two lives intertwined; brought together by an STD. Now there's a story for the grandkids. Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x