a girl who likely wasn't half as dependable as Paul convinced himself she was. Big surprise , Embry thought with a morose shake of his head. He actually sounded kinda serious about this one… "I told her eight o'clock, so … oh, shit! There she is!" Embry spoke too soon. Smiling at nothing in particular, he heard Paul's retreating footsteps, meeting their final guest. Knocking back one last swallow of his drink, Embry straightened, placing the glass on the counter and turning to face the others… He froze. Next to him, Quil made the smallest of horrified noises deep in his throat. Embry's world quaked beneath his feet. His heart stopped—it fucking stopped , every wisp of air leaving his chest in a single exhale—when he saw the girl headed their way, the one directly in Paul's path. The girl… Paul's new girl. Paul's… The same girl who stood several feet away, ignoring Paul as he approached her. The same girl looking directly at Embry —staringat him , the pink drained completely from her cheeks. The same girl who, only minutes earlier, pressed herself against Embry's body. The same girl whose fingernails raked across Embry's skin. The same girl who fell apart under Embry's touch. Stomach lurching, Embry swallowed back bile. And he hoped—with every fucking thing inside him, he hoped he was wrong. He hoped Paul walked past her, toward someone else. But he wasn't. Paul didn't . Everything Embry experienced moments earlier—the happiness, the thrilling elation—dissipated as quickly as it came. Replacing it was a heavy, sickening feeling of dread—of shame and guilt—rooted right in the fucking center of his being. Blinking, Embry threw every ounce of concentration into his focus, meeting her eyes, silently pleading for answers she wouldn't give, at least not there or in that moment. And she gave nothing away. Judging by the glassy shock in her gaze, she had no idea who Embry was—no fucking clue. But the puzzle pieces were no longer scattered. Everything found its place, and there was no denying the truth. Closing his eyes, Embry tried to gather his bearings. Sucking in a deep breath, he opened each one again. He looked in time to see Paul stop in front of her. Jerking her head toward Paul, she blinked—once, twice, three times, before coming to her senses. And time slowed down, seconds turning infinite, dragging out to a pace that ensured Embry paid attention—that left him no choice but to notice, to watch Paul frame her face with his hands, bending at the waist and covering her mouth in a slow, affectionate kiss. Embry nearly doubled over. He wanted nothing more than to look away, but he couldn't, his head swimming with a million different thoughts, regrets, questions when Paul turned, clasping her hand and leading her to him and Quil. Embry couldn't fucking think, but somehow, in that moment, he managed to think of her— only her. Somehow, he found liquid brown eyes locked on him, her face a mixture of apology and words she wanted to say… Clouded by a heavy fog of uncertainty and confusion. He watched her. Looking away was impossible, even when Paul pulled her to his side. In turn, her eyes followed Embry when Paul spoke, introducing her to an absent audience. Embry lost the focus needed to hear him. The words, the noise, every fucking thing around them faded the more Paul talked. Until he said her name. The name—a small detail Embry would have been better off not knowing—reached inside him, crawling through his veins and accomplishing the impossible, extinguishing that overwhelming knot of dread sitting smack in the middle of his chest. Just for a moment… "This is Bella… Bella Swan." The sounds of the bar, of Quil next to him, Paul next to her—it all crashed down around Embry. Still, he saw Paul grin, both his words and gesture eventually bringing Embry swiftly back to Earth. Bella swallowed thickly, lifting her hand and offering it to Embry. Her fingers trembled, and Embry hoped like hell only he noticed. His hand reached out to take hers in a gentle shake, a friendly greeting to everyone outside that moment. She held on for a second longer than necessary, but it gave Embry the time he needed to yank himself from her spell. He glanced at Paul. The other man didn't notice his onlooker. He didn't pay attention to where Embry and Bella's hands joined. Instead, Paul watched her— only her. Only her … And that's when it hit him, hard enough it felt like someone punched Embry in the stomach—because one look at Paul, the devotion on his face, the love in his eyes, negated any feelings Embry had or history he could use to belittle the relationship in front him. He knew that feeling. He knew that look. And no matter what Paul suggested—no matter how he downplayed their relationship—Bella wasn't like the rest. She wasn't like the girls before her. She was a big deal. And no matter what happened after that minute, or in the handful leading up to it, Embry was completely and undeniably screwed. Embry turned his gaze back to Bella. She hesitated, helpless lips parting as she held his rapt stare. Taking a deep, concealed breath, Embry squeezed her hand tighter before releasing it It did what he hoped, giving her strength somewhere to steel her features and offer him a composed smile. "It's nice to meet, you … um … " she murmured, her voice steady, clear, giving nothing away. Embry stepped back, ignoring the others and everything sure to come after, gifting her a smile in return. "Embry," he whispered. "It's nice to meet you, too, Bella." . Well, SON OF A BITCH. I heart love triangles — CLEARLY — and the kinds of emotional messes only the most batshit-crazy writers want to create and clean up. ALSO clearly. I won't even pretend I didn't leave this open-ended on purpose … Thoughts? *grins*