so far. OK, Bella, that's looking good. Hopefully, you'll progress quickly. We'll check you again in the next half hour or so." "Please don't look at my vagina." "What?" "I'm not a lesbian." His eyes bulge. "Okay." "I'm just telling you because —" "Baby time!" Rosalie bursts in, bags of clothes (mostly for the newborn she'll take home) and other necessities in hand. "If you kiss me right now, I WILL KILL YOU!" I yell, pointing at her with both hands forming a time out… or a cross, as though she were the devil. I think the drugs are kicking in. The room stills, silent but for the heart monitors. I start crying. I'm embarrassed and freaked out and more embarrassed. Rosalie sets down her armful of provisions on the love seat by the window and crosses back to me. "Please don't touch me!" I screech. "Just… just stop for a second, okay? Another contraction is going to level my uterus in a minute and I just want to finish what I was trying to say." I volley my gaze to Edward, who looks petrified. Clearly, there is no possible chance with this man, so it's time for brutal honesty. Well, more of it. "I like you. I wanted to ask you out, but… well, as is my life, shit happens. This baby is not mine—it's Rosalie's. That is, I'm a surrogate for her and Emmett. I mean, they're two of my best friends and … OK, you don't need that whole story, but, yeah. There, I said it. That was easy," I ruminate aloud to myself. "These drugs rock." "You're not on any drugs, Bella," Edward says, and I feel my stomach fall out of my ass. "I'm sorry, what?" "We haven't given you anything but a saline drip," he tells me, smiling crookedly. "Dandy." I fall back against the bed. "I'd like to order some, please. Drugs, that is. Knock me out, if possible." Rosalie has a Smirky McSmirkerson expression on her face when she announces, "I'm going to make sure Emmett can find the room okay," and almost sprints from the room. Edward, however, stays put. He stares at the floor before walking toward the bed. "Bella, I like you, too." "It's okay. I'm mental. You don't have—wait, did you say you like me? Like, how do you mean? Like like? Or just, 'hey, we can hang out.'" I'm not even sure that made sense. He laughs and picks up my hand. The monitor beeps faster. " Like like." I swipe at my face with my free hand. "Really?" "Really." "But, I'm, like, disgusting right now." "That's not what I see." I sigh. "Yay. I don't even care if you're lying." He grins. I'm done for. "And I knew you were a surrogate." "I'm sorry, wait. You knew?" I am, at once, irrationally pissed. I feel my eyes glow with fury like some supernatural demon. "Are you telling me you like me now because I'm homicidally pregnant? That's totally uncool and I will get a not guilty verdict if it goes to trial." His head is shaking and the smile isn't going anywhere. "How about I give you my phone number, and when you feel up to it, and you've recovered, you call me. Then I can take you out to dinner?" "Sounds like heLL ON EARTH!" My voice shifts midsentence from stunned glee to Satan's voiceover artist. A hard and fast contraction barrels through me from the center outward through the very tips of my limbs. "No, wait… I… OH FUCK FUCK SHIT DAMN PISS." This is the worst one yet and Edward, bless his nursey heart, doesn't miss a beat. He immediately grabs my hand and hunkers down next to me. Quietly, he talks me through it, reminding me to breathe, and breathing with me. He's calm, soothing and miraculously manages to keep me from crushing his fingers to dust. A few minutes later, I realize how embarrassed I am to look at him again. I keep my eyes closed as I pant like an overheated Labrador Retriever. "You did great, Bella," he says, the liar. "So great. I'm going to get another L&D nurse to check on you in a few, okay?" "I scared you away from my vagina, didn't I?" Christ. I'm becoming a hermit after this. Edward leans his head on the mattress next to my arm and laughs. They're full, hearty, shaking-the-bed laughs. When he stands up, he wipes tears from his eyes. "Were I a lesser man, you would have. But I like you." "So now you're all that? A more-er man?" I cringe. "I shouldn't speak aloud right now." Still chuckling, he stands. "I don't know about that, but regardless, you haven't scared me. Not yet." He winks. "You're not lying to pacify a hormonal preggo in labor?" Squeezing my hand one more time, he shakes his head. "I never do." #X# "And that," I say, wrapping up the story before I can get to the near-disaster of the first date, "is how I met your father." Madelyn's expression is unsure, possibly grossed out. "You could have spared some details, Mom." "I was hoping to inject a little birth control advice this way," I tell her. She is sixteen now. "Hey," Edward says, walking in the door with our gourmet feast for the evening, a deep dish pizza. I smile at him, every bit in the smit that I've been for the past eighteen years. "My baby girl doesn't need that kind of advice for at least twenty more years." Maddie laughs and jumps up from the couch. "What if I'm a lesbian, Dad?" Edward stills, purses his lips and winks at me. "Then I'm sending you to aunt Rosalie's for expert advice." Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x