best way. You should see how bendy she is..." "I love the way Alice screams when I-" "I don't want to hear it," I interrupt. "You need to get laid, Ed. Remember how testy I was when I had that long dry spell?" "Heh. Testy. You were a total dick. And it was only like two weeks. That's not a dry spell." "Two weeks was like the Sahara. Longest time with no pussy since tenth grade. Of course I've given up the strange putang since I met my woman," Emmett boasts. "Me too. Alice is the one. I'm going to be her baby daddy some day. Maybe even get a dog or an apartment or some shit like that." "Charming. You two really have a way with words. I can see why you've gone from out of work actors to professional texters." "Dude. this is the best job. We're getting paid to write total bullshit to girls," says Emmett as he sends off several messages. "Refreshing after doing that for free all these years," I add. "Fuck yeah," Emmett says like he's proud. "So It's not weird that you don't know those people?" I ask. I still don't get what their job is. I think it's ridiculous and I've told them several times. I can't believe this is an actual enterprise where people make money. But it is, because my friends actually pay for stuff now. Sometimes. "No. It's great. Like a bunch of acting jobs all at once," replies Jasper. "And I make enough money for beer and to take Alice out for those coffee drinks she likes." "So which one of us is going to do you, Ed?" asks Emmett. "I'll even sext you. I'll send you pictures, too. My boss is a hottie. I'll use her picture." "No. There's no fucking way either of you would be my fake girlfriend. The emotional scarring would be pervasive." "Geez. That was harsh," replies Emmett. His pout is really unattractive. "If you don't want to date either of us, then sign up for the service," Jasper says. "So you're saying that if I don't want to have a fake relationship with you, then I should have a fake relationship with one of your girlfriends." "Err, yeah?" "The whole thing is disturbing. I don't get how you all can pretend to be in a relationship with multiple people. It's like a real life version of The Bachelor but without all the crying." "You'd be surprised how easy it is. Give it a chance." "I'm barely holding on to the little respect I have for you two as it is, so I'd rather date one of mom's weird set-ups." "Yeah. I hear your neighbor Bree started taking weekly showers," mutters Emmett. "Maybe you can get into her tailpipe." . . . "Hey Ed, you dropped your keys...catch!" Emmett shouts as I walk down the steps of the campus fitness center. I turn around to grab the tossed object, but Emmett's aim is slightly off so I have to reach back to get them. As I'm reaching, I feel my elbow hit something soft. "Oof" is all I hear as I swear, "Oh shit." I turn around and I see the most gorgeous brunette scowling at me. Rubbing her chest. "Dude. You whacked me in the boob," she says. I blink as I stare longingly at said boob being caressed by her slender, pale fingers. I'm speechless, which doesn't happen to me often. I also may be sporting a semi. Which may be slightly inappropriate considering the circumstances, but it's been a long time and she's really hot. "This is what I get for actually attempting to work out. I'm going to kill Alice. I should've stayed home and worked on my new app. Imagine being sore before I even get on a machine," she mutters, walking away. It gives me a great view of her ass which is equally spectacular. Thank you, spandex shorts. "Thanks a lot," she adds, making me snap out of my hot girl haze. "Fuck...I'm so sorry! I hope your boob-er, breast is okay," I call out after her. She turns around to glance at me. She snorts and shakes her head. "Can I pay for your doctor bill?" I say, hopefully. "Nothing's damaged, right?" "Oh my god, my implant ruptured!" she cries out, holding her chest. "What...no...I'll call 911...fuck...should I apply pressure?" I reach out for her chest, and she grabs ahold of my hands. She starts laughing. "I'm messing with you. Geez. Like these are implants." She gestures to her chest. "But they're really perfect," I mumble. "You're perfect." She blushes. She looks even better with pink cheeks. "I'm really sorry I hit you and then stood there like an idiot." "No harm done. They'll be lopsided forever, but they weren't seeing much action anyway." Again I gape at her chest. She laughs and walks off. "Still messing with you." I'm standing there watching her walk into the fitness center when my two friends join me. "Pleases mess with me again," I call out, weakly. What the fuck just happened? "Nice pull, Ed," Emmett says. "There was no pull...I mean not that kind. I just hit her." "What the hell?" exclaims Jasper. "I didn't mean it that way. I accidentally elbowed her in the chest - when this idiot chucked my keys. And then I just stood there because she was so...well, you could see her. And she was funny and smart too. Fuck." "Dude I'm sure you'll get another chance to talk to her, I mean she's our-" Jasper says before being interrupted by Emmett. "She's a student here, so I bet we'll see her again," he says, nudging Jasper. "Right?" "Yeah," Jasper says. "Maybe sooner than you think." Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x