the other interns, and that guy, I let it rip. I told her every little thing he had done wrong including the 'kiss it better' remark. The guy just stood there and took it while the other interns tried not to laugh out loud at him. In hindsight, I really shouldn't have done it that way. I should have taken Dr. Platt and Dr. Kissy-Face into a private room. I still feel badly about that. But come on, I was mad. I was taken off of the pelvic exam schedule for the rest of the semester for yelling at a student in the halls. He was given extra patient relations classes. I found out later that he wasn't even the doctor I was supposed to cry for. Tanya had given him to Angela for his test exam. Angela looked scary. She was heavily pierced and tattooed. She always had lots of dark make-up with her. To scare the douchey doctor she had gotten one of the nurses to apply a fake tattoo on her upper inner thigh that said 'Property of Bubba. If you can read this, I'll kill you'. It worked. He was as nice as nice can be. His professor took him aside after and laid down the law. He did okay in the long run. I think I heard he went into research instead of patient care, though. So, long story now even longer, I pranked the wrong guy. I felt bad for the most part but I couldn't get over the 'kiss it better' part. Oh, and the 'professional' comment really bugged me too. One night, maybe two months later, I was having a drink with some friends at The Public Library. You know, that bar by Ryerson University that all the newly legal kids go to. 'No, Mum, I'm not going out drinking. I'm just going to The Public Library with my friends'. That place. We were waiting for our turn at this one pool table when in walks Dr. Kissy-Face and a few others. I hid behind my beer and pretended I wasn't there. Which was really hard to do 'cause my friends are loud, you know, thespians. I slunk over to one of the armchairs and tried to become upholstery. It didn't work. He downed a beer and came over to where I was hiding . "Could I talk to you for a moment?" My lifelong ambition to become floral chintz was dashed and I agreed to talk to him. He led me over to a table in the corner and bought two more beers . "I'd like to introduce myself properly. My name is Edward Cullen. I'm a third year medical student." Okay, this wasn't awkward at all. Part of the trouble was that he was still so damn hot even with all the foufaraw and fuckery of how we met. "I'm Bella Swan, Standardised Patient and theatre student at George Brown." It turns out that pretty boy was a good guy after all. First, he was Dr. Platt's son, so he knew all about the Standardised Patient programme. When he called me a professional he really didn't mean hooker. He had really bought my painful exam routine and thought that he had hurt me. He was mortified. He had also just finished a pediatric rotation and had gotten into the habit of suggesting he kiss booboos, so he really wasn't offering to do what I thought he was offering to do. He also informed me that he was nervous and distracted 'cause he thought I was pretty, too. The idea of doing a pelvic exam on someone he was attracted to made it just that much weirder and harder, no pun intended. He understood that Collins, the other student, needed to be taken down a peg and he didn't fault either Tanya or me for wanting to teach him a lesson. In turn, I apologised profusely for my reaction and behaviour. He bought us another round and we talked. I bought a round and we talked some more. We found that we had a few things in common, a few bands we both liked to listen to, a TV show here and there and a few cheap, divey restaurants around the city. He was a nice guy and easy to talk to. Easy on the eyes, too. He insisted on walking me home just after midnight and he didn't try anything when we reached my place. I gave him my number and he actually called. We went out a few times before he planted one on me that made my toes curl. A few more dates found him kissing all my booboos better and, boy howdy, let me tell you, the man is a fine doctor. Very, very diligent in patient care. Thorough would be a good word. Mind-blowing would be another. He swings a good stethoscope. Is that too much information? The rest, as they say, is history. He specialised in Ophthalmology, having been scared off Gynaecology for the rest of his career. He much preferred to have his patients fully dressed. And I can attest to the fact that the man does his best work in the dark. I got a job working at The Young People's Theatre after working small parts on a few big productions. I found helping young actors much more rewarding than putting up with the divas onstage. We bought a little place in Cabbagetown and raised two Weimaraners and one small child. His mother, Dr. Platt, still giggles at us from time to time. I have nothing whatsoever to do with the University of Toronto Medical Education Department. On their behalf, Esme Platt thanks me for that once a year. And, so far, we've lived happily ever after. Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x