a close and personal look at the sword he was about to impale me with. I ran my hands over the head, spreading the lube down and finally cupping his balls. Edward's jaw clenched, his hips rose off the bed, and he moaned. His hands went to my nipples, and I cried out at the sensations that were building again. The need to have him inside me was back, but should I ease onto that monster, or slam that baby home? "Relax, love, and take your time," Edward reminded me. Nodding, I leaned over as he continued to play with my boobs, trapping the base of his cock between us. I rocked, the sensations building as he touched me, and I braced my hands on his chest to lift up. I thanked Alice for pushing squats on me at the gym when I had to figure out how the fuck high the head was. Edward's hands moved, gripping my hip bones tightly as I lined up the entrance of my pussy with his monster cock. I huffed out a breath as nothing happened, even when I pressed down. Everything seemed to come to a standstill. Okay, I knew it was there, I could feel the tip nudging at my opening, begging for entrance, weeping for warmth. I glanced down, calculating the amount of possible pain if I rammed myself down on that puppy. Okay, not a puppy, more like a full grown mastiff. "It's okay, baby. It's okay," his words soothed as his fingers found my clit, working me as I hovered on all fours over him. I kissed him, pushing all thoughts away and just letting the feelings take over. Just as the orgasm rushed into me, Edward grasped his cock in his hands and found my pussy, my muscles loose and still twitching. My thigh muscles quivered as he pushed up and into me, and I cried out as I took him in. Jesus Christ, was I taking his dick, or birthing a baby? "Wait," I hissed, bracing on his chest again and lowering my head to hide my face behind my hair. "Are you alright, Bella?" Edward sounded anxious, and it was all I could do to keep from crying. The pain was subsiding, but he wasn't very far in. I could hear the theme song to Mission Impossible playing in my head. I was going to do this if killed me. Not literally of course, I mean, who ever heard of someone dying from being impaled by a massive dick? After all, bones may break and tendons may overstretch; they'll heal... eventually. But I digress. "I just need a second," I said, not really answering him. I breathed in through my nose, trying to find that calm and loose feeling I had before. "Are you sure you're okay?" he fretted, his hands stroking my back. "Well, you haven't hit my uterus yet, so I'd say we're still good to go," I tried to joke. I watched an unidentifiable look cross his face before he took me by the shoulders and rolled us carefully. Something about being on the bottom, letting him take control, took away a major chunk of my anxiety. Edward leaned in and kissed me, long and slow and hard. I gasped for air as he pulled back, and it was then that I realized he'd pushed farther in. As I looked between us, I had to stifle a laugh. All of this fuss, and Edward had only gotten about half of his cock inside me. He rocked his hips, and I reached for his ass, only to come up short. Damn, we needed to measure the eggplant when we were done, he could be Guiness Book of Records material. His ass was too far away, so I grabbed his shoulders instead, widening my hips and wrapping my legs around him. I pulled him toward me, little by little, and he set up a rhythm as we worked together. It wasn't so bad anymore, and I realized that my anxiety and thoughts of doing this in a strictly linear fashion had almost fucked this up. News flash, Bella; sex does not happen in a linear fashion. It's sweaty, and messy, and sometimes your muscles cramp or give out on you. And yeah, sometimes your boyfriend is hung like a horse and can't get it all the way inside you. Balls to the wall is not likely, but it can still be good. It can be damn good. "Unh, so fucking good. Goddamn it, Bella!" I loved the way he shouted my name, how his face tightened as he pushed even further into my now pliant body. As he tilted my pelvis up, he suddenly groaned so loudly, and I slipped my hands around to cup his ass, holding his hips tightly to mine as he came. Wait, he fit? My poor pussy had finally stretched wide enough. "Fuck," he mumbled into my neck, his cock twitching inside me. He collapsed his weight on me for several moments before he rolled off, flopping on the bed next to me. We both tried to catch our breath. "You realize now that you have to marry me?" His voice was awfully lazy, considering the impact of the words. "Why's that?" Not that I was against the idea. Edward moved, propping up on his elbow and staring down at me. "You're the only woman…" He leaned closer, his lips brushing mine. "To ever take the entire length of my cock," he finished in the dead sexiest voice ever . I brought him closer for a kiss, shoving my tongue down his throat in appreciation. "Balls deep, baby," I said, ridiculously proud of myself. "Mmm," he moaned. "Well, that means that after we clean up and eat dinner, we're going to have to see just how well I can do blowing that bad boy." "You're killing me, baby. Killing me." "At least you'll die happy. What's for dinner, bratwurst?"