if I was just reading a story to a deaf baby so I ask Maggie if the baby is deaf. Maggie just kind of glares at me but doesn't answer and since my mom hasn't arrived, I pick up the baby and ask Maggie to show me her room so we can get this over with. The baby's room is also the mom's room. There is a double mattress on the floor in the corner of the room and a crib in another corner. Maggie gets out the diapers and a blanket and lays the blanket on the bed. "We change her on the bed," she says and then she starts singing a song about the moon to Luna. Changing a poopy diaper is even worse then wiping Red's bum, but I keep telling myself that at least I'm not in the hospital right now, unconscious and bleeding from the head. As I'm walking back to the living room with Luna in my arms and Maggie close beside me, my Mom shows up. "Oh Edward!" She says bringing me in for a half hug since I've got a baby in my arms. Mom has this look on her face when she sees me holding the baby and I know exactly what she is thinking, but I ignore it. Right now is not the time to discuss how much she wants grandkids. She sees Maggie beside me and crouches down so they are on the same level. I notice she has a giant bag filled with toys and snacks with her. How the hell she had time to do all that I have no idea. She's probably been stock-piling things in the hopes of being a grandmother some day. "Hi, I'm Edward's mom. You can call me Esme. What's your name?" And with that, my Mom has officially taken over. XXXXXXX A little while later I'm sitting in the hospital room and double stroller mom is still unconscious. My Mom went through her things and packed a bag for her (I never would have thought to do that) and even found her wallet. I lied to the nurses and told them I was family, that we were cousins. I almost told them that I was her husband but then I told myself to shut the hell up. Bella (I need to start calling her that, it's much easier to say) lays there pale and still. She's breathing but that's the only movement and it's kind of creepy. In her hospital gown, under the white, flannel sheet I can see just how thin she is and I can't help but wonder what her life is like. She lives in a tiny house with three young daughters, and according to Maggie, no help. According to Red, she asked their Dad to leave after an unwarranted spanking, but who knows what the hell that really means when it isn't filtered through the mind of a three-year old. The nurse told me to talk to her and even though it feels kind of foolish, I do it because I want her to know her kids are okay in case is freaking out inside. "Hey, double stroller mom." Ugh. This is hard. "So, you don't really know me, but I'm one of the guys who works on the construction crew building the new sidewalks on your street." For something to do, I take her hand. "I guess you had an accident this morning and now you are in the hospital and my mom is looking after your girls. Don't worry. My mom is pretty much the best mom ever, so your girls will be safe although they would really like you to wake up. Your little mini-me, Maggie, is quite the amazing kid. I think she put me in my place about five times this morning. I can tell you're also one of the best moms ever." I don't really know what else to say but I like holding her hand. It's tiny and cold and so I feel like I'm doing something productive by holding it and warming it up. "Emmett, that's my cousin, the one Franny calls Giant Man, is still talking about your cinnamon buns. His wife isn't the best cook, and now he whines like a dog every time he sees you and your girls walking by. He's always hoping you're going to bring him more food. Of course, he's always hoping anyone will bring him food. I bet he would sit on the floor by your table and beg for scraps if given the chance." "My name is Edward. I was working in front of your house this morning, which is where your daughter found me. I'm so glad she did." I feel like I should talk more, but I don't really know what to say. There are things I want to say, like how I watch her every time she walks by pushing that double stroller. How I am in awe of her strength to raise three little girls on her own, and ask their dad to leave even though I don't know the whole story. I can tell she is strong even if she looks like a frail bird lying under the hospital sheet. I want to tell her that sometimes I've dreamed about being invited to the playground with her and her girls or taking her out on a date. I don't want to tell her about another dream I had about her because I already feel like a creepy-stalker-dude and I'm sure she is going to be freaked out enough when she wakes up. Instead of talking, I watch her and hold her hand and hope, and maybe even pray a little, that she will wake up soon and be okay. Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x