didn't feel right handing it over to him. So, I asked if he'd call your room for me, but he said you'd already checked out. I don't think he had any intention of telling me your address. However, when I kept saying that I wanted to return it, he made a sarcastic comment about that being unlikely, unless I was planning to be in Chicago." At this, Bella's grin stretched from one delicate ear to another. I smirked, imagining the scene Bella was describing. Despite her obvious shyness, she clearly had no trouble standing up for herself. "You should have seen the look on his face when I told him I did plan on being in Chicago," she gleefully continued. "I said I'd let Mr. and Mrs. Cullen know how helpful he had been in making sure their ring was returned. I swear I knew by the look on his face I made the right choice in not turning it over. And, it wasn't that hard to find an Edward Cullen in Chicago. You were the only one listed, and even if there had been a dozen of you, I would have tried every address." "Thank you, Bella," I said, fervently. "That's truly an incredible story, and you are obviously a rare soul to have gone through all that just to perform a good deed." "You make it sound like I was turning in a briefcase full of cash or something," Bella replied, shaking her head. "You don't have to be any special type of person to know that a wedding ring means a lot more to its proper owner than any amount of money." My chest tightened at her words. She didn't think she was special. She thought anyone would see the value in this tiny band beyond what an insurance company might pay to have it replaced. Bella was incredibly kind, and perhaps a bit naïve. I hoped she would be able to handle herself in Chicago. But, then I remembered the pepper spray and her distrust of the Waldorf's concierge. Neither of us said anything for several minutes. I couldn't stop staring into Bella's eyes, and she held my gaze. Slowly, her expression transformed from sympathy and indignation to surprise at what she saw in my eyes as I drank her in. The air around us crackled with an energy I had never experienced before. "Do you think Tanya will be home soon?" Bella's voice trembled and cracked at the question. I shook my head and looked up at the clock. My heart began hammering as I saw the time. Bella and I had been talking for hours. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see her stifle a small yawn. "Actually, I'm surprised she's not here, yet," I said, grabbing my phone to send her a text. Tanya's reply came back quickly, telling me to not wait up for her. "Umm…" I looked up at Bella, trying to come up with an appropriate thing to say. She was yawning more widely now. "Bella," I started, "I'm sorry, but I don't think Tanya will be home soon, and you're obviously exhausted. Why don't I show you the guest room, and we can all have breakfast in the morning. That way you can have a break before having to tell the story again." I tried to form half a smile at this small joke. "Are you sure?"she started, but I held up a hand, cutting her off. "Not another word," I said. "I promised an officer of the law that you'll be safe and sound in our home and Tanya will be here in the morning to thank you." It was evident just how worn out the sweet girl was because she didn't put up too much more of a fight. After retrieving her small overnight bag from the metal monster, I carried it up to the guest room. I promised that the three of us – myself, Tanya, and Bella would have a good talk in the morning before we helped her move into the dorms. "It's the least we could do," I insisted for the tenth time before wishing her a good night and returning downstairs to wait for the woman I was planning to marry. I sat in the living room, turning the ring over in my fingers as the minutes, then hours ticked by. ~One year later~ The house is full of friends, as well as friends of other friends, and I can hear my wife's laughter drifting from the patio over the music of steel drums. I smirked at the irony of a beach party in a Chicago suburb, but everyone seemed to be having a wonderful time. "Edward," my friend Emmett called from the front door. He made his way to me, followed by a statuesque blond and the gaze of nearly every male in the room. As they made their way over, his arm slinked around her slender waist. "You must be Rosalie," I said, holding out my hand. She smiled quickly at me before looking adoringly at my best friend. "It's nice to finally meet you, Edward," she said. "Emmett's been teasing me about this great story of how you met your wife, but he said I'd have to hear it from you." Though we may not be honeymooners anymore, I still get a thrill from hearing the words 'your wife.' I also never got tired of telling our story – I imagined I'd end up repeating it every day to the staff at our nursing home when we were old and senile. But, I gave Rosalie an off-handed shrug. "It's not that much of a story," I said. "She just showed up on my doorstep with an engagement ring one evening." Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x