gorgeous, and all those things that she wasn't supposed to think about doing with a complete stranger came rushing to the surface again. She could picture kissing him, this pale haired cowboy, like she had kissed…who had she kissed? It didn't matter, because she wanted to kiss him. Only him. She wanted to touch him, and she wanted to sit closer to him. It didn't seem to bother him at all that her knee was pressing into his leg, or that her chest was tightening, her muscles tightening as if she was anticipating…something… "What's your name?" the pale haired, dark eyed cowboy asked her, voice curling through her senses like liquid fire, burning her everywhere. She had never felt anything like this before, this pure unadulterated lust. She was pretty sure she shouldn't be pressing her chest into the bicep of a stranger, but she couldn't help herself. "Babydoll? What's your name? Where you from?" "…Ni…Nikki…Connweller. From La Push, Washington." "And this boy you're thinking about. He got a name too?" She could barely speak, her throat had tightened, and her heart was beating so fast, but Nikki managed to whisper breathily, "Brady...his name is Brady." If anything, the cowboy's grin grew even broader, as if that was exactly what he wanted to hear. "Well, Nikki, I'm out here cause I made somethin' that I didn't like all that much, and it got me into trouble with someone that I liked a whole hell of a lot. It lost me a friend, actually, and I'm a little lonely myself. So I've been sittin' out here, thinking that maybe I ought to try making somethin' all over again. Try again, see if I can do it better this time." The cowboy's eyes sparkled mischievously as he took her face in his palm, stroking his hand along her jaw. "I told them boys that getting Jackie hurt was going to cause them some problems. And then here you come along just when I was getting hungry anyways. Maybe you and I could go a ways with each other, see if you don't do any better than the last one did. Wouldn't that just stick in their craws?" She didn't understand, but she didn't have to. Nikki was lost in those dark eyes, eyes that glittered pitch black as she stared at him. She licked her lips and his eyes followed the motion. "How about this, Nikki. I'm gonna have you pick a number between one and five, and you tell me which one. I've got something planned for each, and all of them are fun, so you don't worry one bit." He didn't want her to worry, so Nikki didn't. Instead she smiled and leaned closer, inhaling what must be the perfect cologne. "Four," Nikki decided. "I always liked the number four." The cowboy liked number four too, although he told her that there had been far more interesting numbers that she could have picked. The next part was hazy, but not at all unpleasant, not even when she tried to think about it later. She remembered the stranger pulling her hair back and doing something with his fingernail to the higher side of her neck, up where her hair covered what must have ended up being a scratch. She remembered the stranger's breath on her neck, cool and sweet, sending shivers down her spine as he whispered words to her. Words she didn't remember now, but that she knew that she was supposed to remember at some point. Then she remembered fixing her hair as the blond cowboy smiled and told her that she ought to get on home before he changed his mind, before he had himself a little too much fun with her. Nikki vaguely remembered being disappointed as she obediently walked away. Later, the young woman sat on her bed in the beach house guest room, rubbing at a sore part of her neck and wishing that she had handled things differently. Wishing that she hadn't yelled at her sister, that she had hugged Jared and told him that she was sorry again about Shane. Wishing that she had sat out on her porch and talked to Brady instead of bailing on him. Wondering why she felt lightheaded, or why she wanted to go find her brother-in-law's friends and stay with them for a while. Wondering why there were tears on her cheeks as she reached for her phone. Kim's cell must have been dead, because it went straight to voicemail, but when Nikki called Jared's cell, her brother-in-law immediately picked up. He listened quietly as Nikki said that how sorry she was for how she had treated both of them. The couple were out to dinner, but they spent a good hour talking to her instead of continuing their date, passing the phone back and forth as they promised her that it was okay. They understood why she had been so upset, and they wanted a chance to talk it all out when she got home. They loved her and they missed her already. After a brief hesitation, Jared had murmured that if she wanted to talk to Brady, they knew he was planning on spending all evening at their place. One of Brady's friends had taken off without warning right after Nikki had left, and Brady wasn't handling it all that well. Maybe talking to Nikki would help. That call was harder, and it was past midnight when Nikki finally caved and reached for the phone again, dialing a number by heart and leaving a message for Brady on her sister's answering machine. It was the same call she would make three more times that summer before she gave up calling him. Gave up telling him that she was sorry for how she handled things. Gave up asking for him to call her back, so that they could talk. There was really no point to it. For the rest of the summer, Brady Jennings never did.