Jake's wound and secured an arterial line, that would later be used to replenish blood and vital fluids, along the upper inside of the same arm he had inserted the original IV. He covered the entrance point with wraps of gauze and carefully placed strips of tape. He locked both IV's into position so that the motion from the trip back to the medical center would not jar them loose or aggravate them in any way. "Medication has settled him for the most part. He's going to need further, more intensive treatment as he's showing signs of mental illness that I think may be severe PTSD or Schizophrenia. The medication will only temporarily stabilize his condition and once it wears off I'm concerned that he may once again be a danger to those around him or himself as he's having a great deal of difficulty with focus and memory." Edward answered checking Sam's pulse once more and adjusting the blanket. "If you feel he will pose a threat to himself or to others in his family such as Emily or members of the pack then the best option might be to admit him to the medical center at the house for a few days. I would suggest trying to at least stabilize his mental condition there before making any firm decision about placing him in an actual institution." Carlisle suggested as he adjusted the drip sequence of Jake's IV and the oxygen flow. "The medication should last long enough for us to get Jake back to the house and his repair work completed. Has Emily been made aware of Sam's condition and the possible diagnosis?" "No not yet but…" His answer was broken by the entrance of a half-agitated, and obviously concerned Emily. Embry trailed close behind her his hand on her shoulder, tugging her back in an effort to prevent her from disturbing or aggravating the situation even further. "Emily, you really shouldn't just…" Embry barely managed to move clear as she jerked away from him, spinning with the back of her fist sailing toward his face. "I need to see if Sam is okay, bug off!" She cursed, her cheeks stained with left-over tears as her gaze focused first on Sam's now sleeping form and then up to rake Edward with a confused, worried stare. "What's wrong…what…Sam…?" She spluttered as he stepped in to explain the situation. "Sorry Edward, I tried but she's well…damn stubborn when she's upset." Embry hissed crossing his arms across his chest and stepping back to watch and listen as Edward began first consoling her and then explaining the details of Sam's current state and the likely reason for his actions. "Easy Emily," He soothed keeping his presence between her and the bed where Sam was resting. "Sam is fine. I gave him some medication to calm him down and help ease the anxiety that he was experiencing. It has sedated him so that he can rest." He paused to allow her to assimilate what information he had just given her. "Listen, Sam is having some serious issues with memory and focus. He needs to have further treatment for this condition. For him to remain here will not facilitate proper diagnosis as his overall stress levels and condition will need to be carefully monitored until a medication routine can be set in place if one is necessary. So once Carlisle and I get Jake back to the house medical center and his injuries are treated and his condition stable, I am going to return and retrieve Sam. He will be admitted to the medical center at the house for a few days so that his mental condition can be diagnosed and a treatment regimen put into place." "But, I…he's not crazy, I mean he- he didn't mean to…" She shook her head in utter panic and confusion as she tried to look over Edward's presence to see Sam, who had finally fully succumb to the sedation provided by the medication. "You have to understand, he's not…I mean he would never intentionally hurt anyone...not even Jake, he just…" "I know, Emily, I know. What happened here was caused by a medical condition that needs to be diagnosed and treated properly. I know Sam, under normal circumstances, is all bluff even when he has been angered but this situation needs to be dealt with. You want him to be the Sam you are familiar with and love, yes?" She managed a positive nod in answer to his question as she continued to process the situation. "He's…I mean…he's going to be alright?" She spluttered wiping the tears away with the sleeve of her blouse, the heavy sobbing leaving swollen ruddy rings beneath of her eyes and making even the most basic of thought processes difficult. "Of course, as long as he can receive the proper treatment, he will be fine, and so will Jake. But for the next few days, Sam needs to be in the house medical center where his condition can be monitored and treated accordingly." The assurance seemed to ease her concern at least until Sam could begin getting proper treatment for his current condition. "Now, Sam will remain in this state until I return as the sedating effect of the medication will last eight to ten hours at least. Just let him rest undisturbed, alright Emily?" He turned then to Embry, "Carlisle and I are going to get Jake taken care of, you and Paul stay with her at least until I can return to get Sam." "Sure," Embry agreed moving to take Emily into a guiding embrace. "Come, let's let Sam sleep." He insisted as they followed Edward from the bedroom. "I'll have my phone handy for an update on Jake's condition." "I will let you know. Jake should be fine." Edward assured as he left the house. Emily and Embry could only watch as he climbed into the SUV and it pulled out of the drive to disappear down the road.