door as I sauntered toward him, swinging my hips a bit more than usual. I had his full attention. He did that lip licking thing again, and I repressed a shudder. He wasn't that bad looking, there was just something so smarmy about him. "Hey, Bella baby, how you doin' today?" "Hi Sam, I'm always good, you?" "I bet you are!" he said, smirking. "Oh, say, I've been meaning to ask you, are you going to the company picnic next weekend?" It was one of the hardest things I have ever had to do, but I repressed my revulsion and flirted shamelessly. I stepped closer and laid my hand on his chest, looking up at him through my lashes. His eyes glazed, and his mouth dropped open. Good grief, what would happen if I kissed him? He'd probably pass out. Maybe..., eww, no, I wouldn't do that unless I had no other recourse. "Why do you ask, Sam?" I asked, circling a finger around the button on his uniform pocket. "Do you want me go with you?" He shivered. "Yeah!" He gulped, and stepped closer. I pushed him back a little, snickering at the male ego; my change of heart after spending all this time rejecting his advances wasn't giving him a moments pause. "I think that can be arranged," I simpered, "you wanna pick me up, or shall we meet there?" "Oh, um, I guess we'd better meet there...I, ah..." I let him spin his wheels briefly, trying to come up with an excuse for not being seen at my house, and I spent about ten seconds feeling guilty for using him, and then I remembered Emily, with whom he had a long term thing. Nah, no guilt here, folks! But, I finally took pity on him, I needed his unwitting help, after all. "No worries, Sam, maybe we can go somewhere after, you know, to be alone?" "Oh, yeah, baby, that'd be great!" he breathed, almost hyperventilating in his eagerness. "Yeah! Great, looking forward to it. Hey listen, could I get you to do me a big favor?" "Anything, what do you need, Bella baby?" Ugh! If I never heard that name again it would be too soon! "You're going to be moving my patient out, and one of Mike's in, right?" He nodded, "Yeah, I'm here to get him all unhooked and ready to take over there." He leaned in to...what the hell, he was sniffing my hair? I resisted the urge to back away and continued, "That's what I thought. See, I've never had one of my patients taken away like this, and well, it's kind of a matter of professional pride, you know? I need about twenty or thirty minutes to make sure I have him all ready, so Mike doesn't think he's better than me. Can you give me little while before you take him over there?" I circled the button on his other pocket, batted my eyelashes, and just for good measure, bit my bottom lip at him. He didn't even put a fight. "Sure, Bella, not a problem at all, I totally understand! I'll go get Mike's patient ready, first. I'll be back in thirty minutes." He set off down the hall, whistling and swinging his key chain, and I ducked into the room, sighing with relief when I found it empty. I won't bore you with the details of our escape, but that was six weeks ago, and we're still on the lamb, to use the vernacular. The source of our problem, in a nutshell, is Edward's mind reading. Of course, that's also how we've been able to stay one step ahead of our enemies, but I know we're living on borrowed time. The project that he was working on for Biodyne has moved forward, those computers are going on the market next year. See, they have incorporated brain tissue into the processors, and let's just say that doesn't make for happy computers, or comfortable computing for a mind reader. The source of that tissue is really too unpleasant to think about, but Edward does, he can't let it go. The scariest part of all this is that we're not sure who we're hiding from, or what they want from him. Dr. Stanley is the one who put him in Redfern, but we don't know her motive. Was she working for Biodyne, or an individual at Biodyne? Or some combination of the alphabet associated with the government, or is it all of the above? Edward would end himself before he'd let them use him, and I'd end anybody I had to, to keep that from happening. Thankfully, so far we haven't had to do anything too far over the legal line, but both of us know the odds are against us. It probably seems like I'm the crazy one for running with him like that, leaving my comfortable life behind for someone I'd just met, and yet, I've never, not for one second, regretted my decision to help him. And I won't, no matter how all this turns out. I'd rather die with him, than live without him. I knew what I was giving up, but, at the time, I didn't know what I'd be gaining, because I didn't know Edward. Now, I do. Now, I know how supple and soft and warm his lips are, and how sweet like apples his kisses are. I know how funny and smart and kind he is. And then, remember that little exchange of energy thing that happens when we touch? Let me tell you, that's a reward all by itself. Every. Single. Time! So, yeah, I took a huge risk, but the rewards...ah, the rewards...those just keep on coming, and they make this whole crazy ride worthwhile. Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x