amusement- there was a half-dead Christmas tree sitting dejectedly in the corner, pine needles spread around its base. Just from where she stood she could see dirty dishes on the counter in the kitchen. So with nothing to do, seeing as Charlie was at work and Bella at school, Ori decided to tidy up a bit. Gathering her crazy curls into a high bun she threw off her jacket, boots thudding next to her bag, and drew out her headphones. Placing the buds in place she scrolled through her internet radio, finally stopping on an 80's station, smiling happily as Joan Jett started up in her ears. First she tackled the living room, any and all trash getting gathered up and taken to the green bin outside. Next she vacuumed up the fallen needles, slid a couple garbage bags over the pathetic tree, and hauled it too outside. Dusting, sweeping and anymore needed vacuuming was done quickly and she slipped into the kitchen. With guitar solos and screaming vocalists invading her senses she worked happily, not minding the menial labor at all. So into her work she didn't notice as Bella shuffled through the door and up into her room. When a horn blared outside she hardly heard it, but then the song faded and it sounded again. Removing her right ear bud she had just enough time to hear the fade of slow steps and then the door shut. Turning off her music all together she hurried to the door, opening it a bit to look outside, just barely catching Bella shutting the door of a nice looking car and then dart away. Aw crap. She'd missed her. Ori had been hoping to talk to the teen when she got home, catch up a little bit. She was hoping the girl would maybe open up a little to someone who wasn't really a parental figure. However she'd completely missed when the girl came in and now she had to wait for another time. Huffing to herself Ori turned back to her work, unwilling to leave a job half finished. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Bella still wasn't home when Charlie got back. Nor by the time they'd finished a very simple dinner, supplied by Ori. So she decided to take a shower to pass the time. Adjusting the water temperature she stripped off her clothes and shook out her hair, running long fingers through the unruly curls. When steam was rising gently from the cubicle she stepped in, hissing slightly as the hot water caressed her skin, but it quickly turned to a sigh of pleasure as her body easily adjusted. Time slipped by as she stood there, head tilted back and letting the water just run over her face and body. A door slamming across the hall brought her from daydreams and half-formed thoughts. Her body and hair were quickly washed with her favorite scents, macadamia nuts and coco butter swirling throughout the small space. Shutting off the water and wrapping a towel around her hair Ori stood naked in the bathroom, not bothering to grab another towel. She preferred to air dry. Waiting for the drops of water that clung to her body to dissolve she rustled around in her small bathroom bag, pulling out toothpaste, floss and her green toothbrush. Oral hygiene taken care of she washed her face, focusing extensively on her 'T' zone. Next came her coco butter lotion, which she applied from her neck to the soles of her feet. Feeling baby soft and quite happy Ori slipped on her pajamas, an oversized purple batman shirt slipping down over her shoulder and baggy black basketball shorts. Whipping the towel off her head she watched as her hair fell limply around her, grazing the middle of her back as it soaked through her shirt. Fingers twisted expertly into the strands until a thick braid laid hung over her shoulder. Gathering her things and tossing her towel into the hamper she made her way downstairs. Charlie was on the couch, beer in hand, football game flickering across the screen. Grabbing a can of her own she sprawled next to her brother, popping the top and gaze latched onto the tv. Neither team that was playing were ones she particularly followed or cared for, but still a game was a game. It was already more than half way over when she settled in, and the game quickly reached a dissatisfying end. Her brother shot her an awkward smile, which she returned with a beaming one, and bid her goodnight before slightly stumbling off to bed. Following his example she laid out the blankets he'd set out for her, efficiently making a comfy sleeping spot. Settling down it seemed like she'd only just shut her eyes when they were popping open, gaze locked on the ceiling above her. Horrendous screams were echoing around the dark house. She could hear Charlie cursing and falling over himself upstairs, trying to get to his troubled daughter as fast as possible. Flinging back the covers Ori made her way upstairs, the yelling had stopped, and now only harsh pants filled the air. Making it to the top landing showed Charlie, nervously shifting from foot to foot, half way into Bellas room. Soft words were spoken, ones she couldn't make out, and then her brother was stepping back and shutting the door hesitantly, conflict clear on his face. Door fully shut he released a deep, heavy sigh and made his way towards her, both of them trying to pretend they didn't hear the teens muffled sobs. When she could see Charlie clearly she had to hold back a wince. His eyes were full of tears and he seemed defeated, staring at her with a bleak look. Gathering her resolve Ori smiled softly and rose her hand to gently rub at his shoulder. "Hey. We'll work on it. She'll be right as rain in no time." One way or another, I will make this girl cheer up.