this lifestyle will be a better choice?" He took a sip from the gold-rimmed white cup in his hand and seemed to deliberate over his reply. "Miss Swan, as your aunt has probably informed you, I am a man of simple tastes. I want a wife who would be content with the kind of life I prefer. A few friends to converse with, my basic needs met with, and working for the welfare of my people—these things are enough to make me happy. Now, such girls may exist in titled families too, but I have not met one yet. Most of them are raised to be social butterflies, interested only in new gowns, new jewels and more balls than I care for. That is not to say," he added hurriedly, misinterpreting my look of incredulity, "that we will not have any social life. Of course there will be visiting and dancing and such—just not all the time. Is that all right with you?" I relaxed at his words. Of course it was fine by me. Even though I liked spending time with friends and dancing, I liked my books and gardening more. I assured him with utmost sincerity that I had always dreamt of such a life—quiet, useful, and with my loved ones around me. That made him relax visibly, his shoulders losing the tension they had held until then. We drank our tea and exchanged more information about our interests and our families. He was an only child, but had a cousin he was close to. His father, Lord James Masen, lived a fair distance away. His mother had passed away when he was only three, and his father had never remarried. The fact seemed to make him sad. I changed the topic, hating the pain in his eyes. He loved horses and had many of them in his stable. When I stammered that I had never learnt riding, he promised he would teach me. Too soon Esme was knocking at the door, and Anthony seemed to think it would be awkward to meet her right then. He requested me to convey his regards to her and left quickly through the same glass door that he had entered from, after bestowing a brief kiss on the back of my hand. It made me smile like a lovesick fool. I happily gave my consent to my aunt, who in turn conveyed it to my parents. The wedding was fixed to take place just after a month, which seemed to my mother too short a time to make all the proper arrangements. But a message from Anthony stated that they were not to worry and everything would be organised at the estate. Esme—and Elizabeth Masen, his aunt—would be involved, and they would also consult my mother wherever required. Mamma was a little disappointed I think, but my father asked her to be more practical. There was no way we could have arranged a wedding fit enough for a lord, not to mention his extended family, friends and acquaintances. He might have simple tastes, but they would expect something grand. Still, there were numerous things to be done, and time passed in a flurry of dress fittings and choosing wedding favours for our guests, among other things. Esme kept us informed on the preparations going on at the estate, "ooh"-ing and "aah"-ing over the decorations for the reception and the menu for the wedding dinner. It all sounded very impressive and rather overwhelming. Soon my wedding day was upon us, and we were gathered in the little church where every wedding in the town took place. It was dimly lit by the light filtering in through the small, stained-glass windows, but I knew Anthony was waiting for me at the end of the aisle. I focussed on my shoes while walking towards him so as to not stumble, though my father had assured me that he wouldn't let me fall. Once he placed my hand in Anthony's, I relaxed and glanced at him through my veil, but his face was turned to the minister. Well, that was the right thing to do, wasn't it? I too turned to face the minister and waited for him to say the words I had been dreaming of since I had met Anthony. "Dearly beloved, we are gathered here to celebrate the union of…" "Please repeat after me…" As Anthony and I said our vows, I felt as if my heart would burst with happiness. "I do." "I do." "You may now kiss the bride." Finally the moment had come. Since the day he had kissed my hand, I had been thinking about his full lips on my own. But right then I had a fit of shyness and closed my eyes. Anthony lifted my veil and kissed my…cheek. I opened my eyes, confused, and looked into his—and my confusion turned to shock. These were not the jade-green eyes I remembered from that day, a month ago. These were grey-blue, and although the face they were set in had some resemblance to the other, it was not the same face. Had it been a practical joke—sending someone else to meet me? But why would he do that? I felt dizzy as we turned towards the guests and were introduced as Lord Anthony Masen and Lady Isabella Masen. After having accepted the congratulations from our families, I was suddenly roused by my husband's voice. "Isabella, I would like you meet my best man—also my cousin—Edward Masen. Edward, this is my wife—Lady Isabella Masen." Long lashes swept his cheeks as his lips burnt the skin of my hand. He lifted his head to reveal familiar green eyes, and they were full of pain. "Lady Isabella, it is an honour to meet you." Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x