his next victim. I glance at Bella, and she's turned those wide brown eyes at me. I might be imagining it, but I think she almost looks disappointed. "Hey," I murmur, leaning closer to her. "Sorry, that was awkward. I know we're not... there yet." "It's not your fault," she reassures me. She looks like she's about to say something else, but she stops herself, biting her lower lip instead. If she's trying to convince me I made the right decision not to kiss her, that is not the way to go about it. It's also apparently the perfect way to make me lose my filter. "I really want to, you know?" Her eyes widen a little, but she doesn't say anything. "Kiss you," I clarify unnecessarily. "Edward," she breathes, and before I can decipher if her tone means she agrees and wants to kiss me, too, or she's about to shoot me down, Katie shrieks again and the crowd around us breaks out into loud laughter. I glance up at the screen again, and sure enough, that sadistic cameraman has focused back on Bella and me. Apparently my kiss for Katie wasn't good enough. Fine. I mean, I just told Bella I want to kiss her, and she didn't slap me or storm off, so maybe she's warming up to the idea? One way to find out, I guess. I lift a hand to cup Bella's jaw, making my intentions obvious before I lean in and brush my lips against hers. I vaguely hear the crowd cheer and clap, but I'm more interested in this gorgeous woman who is now kissing me back. I groan softly and press my lips harder against hers. It was supposed to be just a quick kiss to appease the crowd, but I'm completely lost in the taste of her, the way her soft, sweet lips feel beneath mine. It's not until Katie tugs on my sleeve that I realize we're still in the middle of the stadium. "You guys can stop now," she scolds. "The camera's not even on you anymore." I press one last peck to Bella's lips before I pull back, keeping my hand on her jaw and sweeping my thumb over her lower lip. Her cheeks are flushed and I love that I'm the reason for that blush. I want to be the reason for that reaction over and over again. "So does this mean you're willing to give me a shot as more than just a friend?" I whisper. I can see the indecision in her eyes for just a moment before she takes a deep breath and nods gently. So, I do the only thing that makes sense: I press my lips to hers again, kissing her until Katie gets fed up with us and demands our attention. Bella keeps me at arm's length at first, tries to keep things between us casual, but I'm persistent. And I know a lot of her hesitation is because she doesn't want Katie to get hurt if things between us go sour, so I can't fault her for wanting to take things slow. It helps that Katie adores me, and does her part to convince Bella that I should be a part of their lives. So, little by little, I'm able to prove to Bella how much I want this, want her. That I'm not going anywhere. And when she finally invites me into her bed, and I slide into her velvety heat for the first time, I know. It's not my first time, and it's not her first time, but it's our first time, and I know this is where I belong, forever. The last time I meet Bella Swan... I'm pacing. I know I'm probably driving my brother crazy, but I've got too much pent-up energy to stand still. This is such an important day, but there's nothing I can do at this point but wait. I check my watch again, growling when only four minutes have passed since the last time I looked. "You ok, bro? It's not too late to back out if you're having doubts," he offers. I know he's just trying to be helpful, but I glare at him for even suggesting it. He holds his hands up in surrender and I resume my circuit around the room. "What if she doesn't show up?" I whisper, voicing my biggest fear. "Seriously?" Alec scoffs. "That's what's got you so wound up? Go take a shot of whiskey and man up." With those incredibly inspiring words, he claps me on the shoulder and leaves the room. Asshole. Finally, my dad pokes his head through the door and tells me it's time. Oh fuck. This has been such a rollercoaster of a journey, and it's finally time. I follow Dad out, take my place, and wait. Again. But this time, there's a light at the end of the tunnel. She's the light at the end of the tunnel. Finally, finally, she's next to me, and even though we're in a room full of people, she's the only person I can see. Nothing else matters except the way she's smiling at me, the same joy in my soul reflected on her face. Our surroundings finally penetrate my consciousness when I hear the pastor say, "I now pronounce you husband and wife. Edward, you may kiss your bride." He doesn't have to tell me twice. I sweep her into my arms and slant my mouth over hers, claiming her as mine forever in front of all of our friends and family. When she pulls away, her face glowing with love and happiness, it completely overwhelms me. I am the luckiest man in the world. And that is the first time I meet Bella Cullen. Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x