barked. I tossed my notepad on the coffee table and ran my hand through my hair, trying desperately to calm down. "Do you know my mother, Bella?" "No, Edward. I've never met your mother-" I jumped up from the chair and paced around my office, running her words over and over in my head. My mother was a damn sore subject for me. "Who the fuck do you think you are? Why would you say something like that?" I spat, charging toward the couch. Bella shrank back in fear, causing me to take pause. What the fuck was I doing? I backed away slowly, sitting heavily as the back of my knees hit the chair. I gazed at the poor frightened girl and chastised myself for ruining any trust we had built up so far. "I'm sorry, Bella. I…I didn't mean to scare you." "It's all right," she mumbled as she unfurled herself from the ball she had tucked herself into. "Like I said, it's an unfortunate consequence of the job. I…I didn't mean to make you angry. Will you just hear me out?" I swallowed around the painful lump in my throat and nodded stiffly. She took a deep breath and settled back against the couch. "My name is Isabella Swan and I'm a psychic. When I was eighteen, I began to see and hear things that others couldn't." "What kind of things?" I asked skeptically. "Voices. More specifically, voices from photographs. The people in photos…they speak to me." She closed her eyes and bowed her head, twisting her fingers again. "Look, I know it sounds crazy, but it's the truth." "Bella, I deal in crazy all day. So, you converse with dead people through photos?" "I deal in missing persons. My objective is to find them before they get to the dead part." She twirled a lock of hair around her finger, temporarily rendering me stupid. "While I can usually tell when a person is dead or alive, I've been known to make a few mistakes." "Mistakes?" "The living…they're fairly straightforward. They tell me about their surroundings. Addresses, jobs, neighbors…that sort of thing. But the dead," she sighed, "the dead speak in riddles. They don't know where they are or what's happened to them." "So you've solved murders?" My voice must've held a distinct note of incredulity as Bella cut a harsh glare in my direction. "Yes, I have. I've also found a lot of missing loved ones-" "How many?" I asked. In my profession, you hear a lot of weird shit, but this was one of the most elaborate hallucinations I'd ever witnessed. "Forty-two," she retorted with a huff. I pinched the bridge of my nose. "Okay, Bella. I realize that this all seems very real to you, but I have to tell you how improbable this all is. I'm sorry. I thought the Haldol was helping, but obviously not enough to stop the delusions. We'll try something different this time around." Scribbling a few notes in her file, my heart sank as she sniffled quietly. "You don't believe me?" she whimpered. "Well…no. I'm sorry, but no-" "You should," a voice sounded from my doorway. "She's telling the truth, doc. Bella Swan is the real deal." I whirled around as Bella gasped in surprised, her morose disposition instantly replaced with a bright smile. "Jasper! What are you doing here?" My eyes narrowed as I took in our visitor. I was having a damn hard time believing that the man crowding my doorway was Bella's psychiatrist. He was overly tan with shaggy blond hair and blue eyes. The dark circles under his eyes and rumpled clothes led me to believe that he'd been travelling all day to get here. While his southern drawl and easy smile made him personable enough, I still didn't trust him. "I'm here to spring you, sweetcheeks," he drawled with a sly wink. Stepping into the room, he headed straight for me first with his hand out stretched, giving mine a firm shake as he introduced himself. "Name's Jasper Whitlock. Thanks for calling me. I've been searching for this little tart for damn near two weeks." I cleared my throat and waited patiently while he waltzed over to Bella and pulled her into a tight hug, lifting her clear off her feet. "Dammit, girl, you gave me a fright." She giggled and hugged him back. "Jasper, put me down!" He acquiesced to her demand and set her gingerly back on her feet, his eyes darkening as he inspected the gash on her forehead and the bruises on her neck. "I told you this one was trouble, sugar." "Fuck…I know, I know." She sighed and sat back down on the couch with her head in her hands. "Did you at least get the file I e-mailed before I went completely batshit crazy?" "Sure did, darlin', and you'll be happy to know that Meghan's been returned to her mother and that piece of shit is behind bars." I watched, perplexed, as he sat down next to her on the couch and took her hand in his. "You know you're going to have to testify in this one, right? Whatever he did to you, Bella-" "Won't be able to be proven or disproven given my mental state, Jasper!" she finished heatedly as her eyes flashed with anger. "We've been through this." As I watched both of them argue back and forth, I finally reached my limit. "Excuse me! Would somebody mind filling me in here? Just who the fuck are you people and what the hell is going on?" Jasper chuckled at my outburst and squeezed Bella's hand. "Ah, hells bells, doc. Keep your pants on…we're getting to it. It's a long fucking story and you won't believe half of it." Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x