just learned to walk on its hind legs. The wardrobe is almost as big as the entirety of the old London apartment Bella left behind not so long ago. Mr. Jefferson could open a store, Bella thinks, with a collection this size. But it feels like charity, and it feels like pity. "I cannot," Bella says firmly, trying to slip her hands from Mr. Jefferson's hold. James reaches out with one of his shovel-like hands and seizes a handful of the back of Bella's frock. She whimpers as she is wrenched backwards into him. "Strip," he says lowly, and then pushes her into the wardrobe. Mr. Jefferson shuts the door behind her. There is a velvet dress laid out on an ottoman in the centre of the room. It is green like emeralds, with a slimming bodice, and sensuously figure-hugging. Outside, James pounds on the door, "Quickly!" Bella bites her lip, uncertain. She touches the sleeve of the dress and feels the fabric slipping through her fingers. It will be the most glamorous thing she will ever wear in her life, she is sure of that. Bella hesitates for a moment, torn between temptation and good sense. She gives in. The dress looks scandalous on her. The bodice is tight, too small for her breasts. She couldn't tie the lacings in the back. Mr. Jefferson's ex-wife must have been unhealthily thin. Bella cups her hands over her breasts, threatening to spill over the top of the bodice lace. Her braided hair has slipped from their pins earlier, and two long strands rest upon her shoulder. The emerald brings out a hue of deep sensual chestnut in Bella's usually boring brown hair that she didn't know she had. She skims her fingers down the side of her hip, stroking the soft velvet, and feeling her stomach tighten. She's never felt like this before. She feels beautiful. What if she had walked into the dining room in this dress tonight? Dr. Masen would glance over as he did, and his eyes would stay, like fish that have found the hook at the end of the worm, and would he smile at her, as he had smiled at Mme. Poussard? If Bella could curl her hair, or if she had necklaces with pendants of gold, like the Mme, resting between her breasts, or if she had eyelashes like feathers and a laugh like clinking glass… "Lovely." Bella jumps, spinning around. She feels her face reddening, imagining how long Mr. Jefferson must have stood there for, watching her wrapping her arms around herself, running her hands up and down her sides… "I'm sorry, Mr. Jefferson," Bella says hastily, trying to tie the laces in her back, "forgive my indecency. I am too fat for such a dress." "No," Mr. Jefferson says softly, his eyes are warm, and his smile is kind, "you are perfect. My wife was sick much of her life, and thin as a twig. You have a real woman's body. Do you know how many noble ladies would be envious of your figure and your darling face?" Bella could not help but smile a little to herself, looking down at the carpet. Mr. Jefferson lifts Bella's fallen strands of hair and meets her eye. His dark eyes have a look in them that Bella cannot comprehend, and his moustache curls up as he smiles widely. "Keep this dress," he says quietly and clearly, as if he isn't drunk at all, "it is truly gorgeous, befitting you." It might have been his gloves, his manner, and that courteousness – Bella starts to think that she has met a true gentleman. Then he kisses her. Bella freezes. Mr. Jefferson tastes like strong liquor and shaky breaths. He embraces Bella, whiskers pricking her lips, and sticks his tongue in her mouth, lapping at her like a dog. Bella stands there rigidly, shocked. Her mind is blank with shock. Mr. Jefferson breaks away, strings of saliva dripping from his moustache, and trails kisses down Bella's neck. At the bulge of her breasts, he plants a loud, wet kiss. Bella squeals and snaps out of her trance, pushing Mr. Jefferson away with all her might. The old gentleman stumbles backwards two steps and reaches for her again. "Do not fret, my dear, your husband is out cold. Your indiscretions are safe with me." Bella looks at Mr. Jefferson, aghast. "My indiscretions? What about yours?" Mr. Jefferson grins. "You are a married woman, Mrs. James. You are the temptress, and I am your bewitched victim." "I am no temptress! You assaulted me!" Bella cries. "You sighed with pleasure when I kissed your breasts," Mr. Jefferson counters. "Come, my dear, cast away your mask of virtuousness, for I know what you truly are." She swats at his hand. "Away from me, Mr. Jefferson!" Bella side steps him as he tries to block her way. She rushes out the wardrobe, almost tripping over James, who is splayed on the ground, passed out. As she pushes open the heavy oak doors of Mr. Jefferson's office, she comes face to face with the very last person she wants to see. Edward Masen stands with one hand raised, like he is about to knock. His green eyes flicker down to her. He seems confused for a moment as he sees the look on her face. Then his gaze lower, following the line of her neck to the swell of her cleavage and the shimmering dress. His countenance is suddenly closed and unreadable. Bella pushes past him roughly. She feels tears welling in her eyes and wipes them quickly with one hand, picking up her hem with the other. Without a backward glance, she runs out of the office, down the staircase, and out into the moors. Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x