"In a way", he said vaguely, still a bit vary from all these encounters of the third he'd had since this morning. The little redheaded girl, that had reminded him so much of his sister, had disturbed him the most. She laughed. "Yeah", she said. "I know. Houses don't always make homes. Sometimes it's just one person. And the rest...Well, that's just an afterthought." She shook her head, the curls flowing. "In any case, Merry Christmas." "Merry Christmas", he replied softly, before turning around to continue his journey, the flowers securely in his hands. "Don't make her wait too long", the girl called after him with a slight giggle in her voice, that reminded him of her, of the way she liked to include laughing in every activity she undertook. "It's time, Edward." He didn't even react, just laughed, shook his head. "I know", he wanted to cry out. I know. It had been time for so long now. His fingers brushed over the small, crumpled note in his pocket and energy surged through his veins again. When she'd left him, he'd been devastated and alcohol hadn't even been a solution, because she'd thrown out every bottle with anything even remotely alcoholic in it before leaving. She'd even gotten rid of his mother's pralines. It had been good, in a way. In a really painful, cold turkey kind of way, but he'd made it, had lived through it. An accumulation of days during which he'd forced himself to get in and out of bed every day, to do his chores, to study, eat and sleep until one day he'd woken up and there had been something else to do but to eat, sleep and study. The air had tasted differently, the light had been brighter and the memory of her and his sister hadn't hurt as much as they had those days before. The train from Stansted to London was on time and he saw the snow covered scenery pass by while the world around him grew darker and afternoon blended into evening. He'd gone home to Washington for Christmas. As painful as it was to be in his childhood home without Alice shouting from the top floor, calling him an asshole because he'd used up all the hot water, it had been necessary. For his parents, who were still walking around like Zombies, for him, because he just had to see her and he'd thought that perhaps, just perhaps she'd be home for Christmas. She hadn't been. And he'd been sitting in Alice's old room for the first time in a year. The walls had still been covered with photos from models in various outfits, pieces of fabrics had been scattered around the room and there had been her acceptance letter to Art School lying on the desk next to a photo of her and her best friend. He'd opened her yearbook, because he'd always loved that one photo Alice had taken of her in summer. A close up of her face, half covered by hair, still in the motion of turning around, that faint smile, the curve of her lip, the mysterious glint in her eyes and the glowing red of the sun making her look like a fairy. You're an addiction , she'd written underneath and it had been printed into every single copy of that book. Just one shot away from an overdose. And he'd opened the book, but instead of seeing her smiling face in between hundreds of other faces, there had been a note sticking to the page. A note. A phone number. An address. Somewhere in Camden Town. London. He'd been on his way the second the book had hit the floor. Car rides, train rides, bus rides and too many cups of coffee later he'd been at an airport. Then in London. And then there was nothing left to do but take the tube to her house and when he finally emerged from the Underground station, he was peaceful. It was silent. Snow was falling. Dancing in the lights of the street lamps, a quiet waltz on Christmas Eve. He reached for the note, unfolded it. Scrawny handwriting, hastily added letters and numbers. You'll know when the time is right , she'd written and now he was standing on her doorstep, seeing the light in the windows, the faint smell of freshly baked goods. And his heart was soaring, was flying and falling, because he was here and she was here and all these emotions, he'd had a year ago at the dance, when she'd been in his arms in a silver dress and red flats, came rushing back again and he wanted to tell her, tell her everything, but perhaps not in three thousand long winded sentences. Perhaps he'd just use three words. Just three little words. He knocked. Home isn't always a house . The blue-haired girl's words came back to mind. Sometimes it's just a person. He heard shuffling, the soft clatter of something and then the door opened. Slowly. A head peeked outside. " Bella ", he whispered, hoarsely. Barely audible. She gasped. A faint sound nearly droned out by the music playing inside and he felt his insides split, because she still looked the same with her honey brown hair, piled on top of her head, the glowing hazel eyes and the ring in her bottom lip. " Edward ..." "I'm sorry", he croaked. "I'm sorry it took me so long." Her eyes lit up and she smiled that breathtaking smile, she'd always reserve for birthdays and Friday night dinners and dances and she opened the door widely to let him in. Home . She laughed happily. "I've been waiting for you." A/N: So what do you think? I really like this Bella, to be honest. And Edward, even though he's a bit thickheaded... Anyway, I love hearing from people, so why don't you just hit that little button down there and leave a review? greets, Teddy