tonight, we dont have to go any further if you dont want to." I want to carry on but i dont want to push her. "I want to Emmett please". How was i to say no, i sit ul and pull her onto my lap so that she is straddling me. I wrap my arms around her waist and her lips attack mine, she ran her hand over my back and down my biceps. I feel myself getting aroused again, i lightly run my fingers over her breasts. She gasped when i took them in my hands and started massaging them. Before i could stop him he picked me up and fliped me over so he was laying ontop of me, his weight resting on his forearms. I traced every single ab , while he continues to massage my breasts. I couldnt wait any longer i pulled him up so we were eye to eyeand whispered is his ear "im ready". I saw him smile and he ran his fingers down my thighs and moved my legs apart. Finally the moment i had been waiting forr, i knew she was ready and she was soaking wet for me. I parted her legs to give myself enough room to enter her. I put my hand on my member and lightly brush it against her entrance when i felt her shudder "Em wait, your really big are you sure it will fit". I smile softly " yes i know i am bigger than most people but it will fit, it might hurt at first but you will stretch." Even with what happened with Royce she was still pure and i knew that it hurt for girls on their first time. She nodded and i slowly pushed the into her and she gasped. "Your okay, look at me , your okay". I placed a hand on her waist and drew cirlces on her skin with my thumb. She nodded and i quickly pushed the rest of my 10 inches into her. She let out a small whimper when i hit her barrier. I let her adjust for a few moments, "wow Em your so big" , i chuckled. I started to move in and out of her gently letting her get used to it. He felt amazing inside of me, he moved in and out and i could feel his member thobbing and rubbing against my walls. "Faster, harder Em please"? I opened my legs as far as possible and grabbed his hips. I started to use my vampire speed and strength to move faster and harder in and out of her. I plough into her, deeper than i could have gone with any human. I felt my penis banging into her cervix but it didnt hurt her so i kept going. "I cant hold back anymore, your so tight". Her walls were pulsing and massaging my member. "Oh god Rose i can hold back" i just managed to grunt "Dont Emmett im nearly ther" i screamed. As we are vampires we can go hard and fast. I felt his 10 inchnling, 4-5 inch thick penis throbbing inside me. He couldnt control his grunting. "EM IM CUMMING" i shouted unable to control it. With another few deep thrusts we both climaxed, i felt his cum shoot into me. "Oh my god babe that was the biggest one i've ever had" i left my member in her for a few moments then pull out and rolled onto my back. We were both breathing unnecessarily deep. "That was amazing, i didnt hurt you though". " no you didnt hurt me Em, you up for another go". "Always babe". Before i could stop her she was straddling my erect penis. I grabbed her hips as she put her hands on my chest and started moving up and down. I could hear her ass slapping against me, inused to my hands to move her faster and harder. I couldnt believe how deep he was going. The slapping noise was so erotic, "Em keep going im about tooooooo" at that moment i orgasmed fortly followed by Emmett how shot a huge load into me. " what about once more for good luck Rose" Grabbed her and rolled her onto her side and slotted myself behind her, doggy style i grabbed my dick and pushed it into her. Even though it was our 3rd time she still gasped. I wrapped both arms around her waistand whispered tl her " letbme do all of the work". I started moving my pelvis in short, sharp thrusts. I increased me speed and power so much that i had to grip ontk her to stop her falling off the bed. With the arm that wasnt underneath her i reached between her clamped shut legs and started to rub her drove her crazy. She grabbed my arm and dug her nails into my arms. I felt myself nearly cumming and a few deep thrusts later she was screaming loudly. I felt her wals pulsing snd milking my dick which caused me to shoot mt cum violently into her. I held onto her tightly until i had stopped cumming. I took my member out and she rolled around and looked at me "That was amazing. I was so worried but i didnt need to be. You amazing Em, i think i will be a bit sore you really pounded me" " sorry babe i didnt mean to. You were amazing to. I can go so deep without hurting you and i wanted to pleasure you." "Well you did and no one will ever beat you babe" He put his arms around me, pulled the sheet over us and pulled me close. He rubbed circles into my back with the fingers and inhaled me scent. Her skin felt so good against me, her perfect breast againstvmy rock solid chest. I never wanted that moment to end. She was mine and i was her always and forever.