agreement and he sets me back on my feet, hurriedly moving to pull my lacy panties down and off. I stare unabashedly as his cock is revealed. Holy. Shit. He's completely shaved — or waxed — making his cock look ginormous. His strokes his hand over his cock a couple of times, and my first rational thought in a while flutters through my brain. "Condom." Ethan picks up his jeans and pulls his wallet out of the back pocket. He produces a foil packet, tearing it open with his teeth and quickly sheathing himself in the latex. Turning back to me, he lifts me up again, burying himself inside me in one powerful thrust. I cry out in a combination of shock and pain. He's larger than any man I've ever been with — and any of my toys. "Fuck, are you ok?" "Y-yes," I answer shakily. He doesn't seem to believe me, because he remains still, tenderly brushing my hair behind my ear. "You can move," I tell him finally. He stares into my eyes for a moment, then slowly pulls almost all the way out before slamming back in. I hold on tight, letting this… stripper… dancer… fuck me against my front door. As soon as I think the words, I'm embarrassed by my wantonness. I've never done anything remotely like this before, yet I've wanted him from the moment I first saw him on that stage. I may hate myself tomorrow, but for now, I've never wanted anything more. "Feels so good, Bella," he moans, sucking on my neck. He brings one hand down between us, circling my clit, and I cry out in pleasure. "Let me feel you come on my cock, baby." "Oh God," I cry, feeling waves of pleasure rush through my body moments later. I cling tightly to him, feeling like I'm made of jelly. He's still relentlessly moving his hips, still chasing his own orgasm. God, to be young and have such stamina. I bring my lips back to his, pulling and tugging on his hair, and that's all it takes. With a long curse, he freezes deep inside me. I wince as he pulls out, breathing so heavily I'm afraid he might pass out. "Fuck," he mutters. He lets my feet drop the ground and my knees buckle. Grinning, he catches me, holding me up. "I'm not even close to done with you yet, baby," he promises. My eyes widen as I let go, trying to stand on my own. I start to pick up my clothes, but he reaches out to stop me, shaking his head. "Leave them. Show me to your bedroom." After making sure the front door is locked, I lead Ethan up the stairs and into my room, pointing toward the bathroom door so that he can dispose of the condom. Turning down the bed, I dig around in my bedside table for the hardly used box of condoms that I know is in there — in case he really is planning another round. Once I've found it, I set it on top of the table then sit on the bed and lie back. I sit up again almost immediately, removing my diamond stud earrings and leaving them next to the box of condoms. I lost an earring in bed once, years ago. Ethan steps out of the bathroom and crawls on top of me. He bends down to kiss my lips briefly, then begins kissing his way down my chest. He spends what feels like hours teasing my breasts before he continues his downward path. I let out a long moan when his lips touch between my legs. He licks and sucks and teases me until I'm grasping the sheets tightly, shaking from the force of my orgasm. And then he does it again. I'm barely coherent by the time I see him reach for the box of condoms. He slides one down his impressive length, then lines up and pushes inside. After two or three thrusts, he lifts my legs onto his shoulders, sliding in deeper than any man has ever been. I fight to keep my eyes open to watch him. He moves his hips like he does when he's dancing, powerful and rhythmic, and in no time I'm screaming out my orgasm. Suddenly Ethan drops my legs and wraps his arms around me, rolling us so that I'm on top. I sit up, letting him direct my movements as I ride him shamelessly. I feel like Lauren has invaded my body or something. This isn't me. This isn't me at all, but right now I don't want to be me. I want to be this sexy woman who's being fucked within an inch of her life by the sexiest man alive. The next time he takes me, I'm on my hands and knees. The fourth time, he slides me to the end of the bed, standing up and fucking me until I can't even remember my own name, or anything but the feel of his hands on me, the feel of his cock moving inside me. He comes with a loud grunt, collapsing on top of me. I can hardly move, but I bring one hand up, brushing it through his sweaty hair. Finally he lifts his head, then heaves himself off the bed to toss yet another condom in the bathroom. This time when he returns, he lies down beside me, pulling me onto my side, until I'm the little spoon to his big spoon. I close my eyes, exhausted and more sated than I've ever been in my life. I know this can't go anywhere, can't be anything beyond this one night, but for tonight… I want to dream that this is my life now. Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x