She gave a nod as several of the newborns took notice of her and Carlisle and moved in their direction. "Stay back, I will protect you this time but you must promise me one thing?" She snarled viciously as the foul scent of newborn vampire wafted into her nose. Her eyes met his, "Solve the mystery of Ulysses before these newborn hoards take over our lands and yours." With that she leapt forward to meet the attacking force head-on. For several minutes, he was mesmerized by the powerful attack of this new female member of Jake's pack. She moved in a blur of motion like an arctic icicle falling through the snow laden air—swift, graceful but with deadly accuracy. He had been privilege to much information regarding the members of the Pack but he had never known that Seth had a twin sister—until now. She made quick work of the group of newborns that had so readily encroached upon what she considered her territory. "Angel, how do you know about Ullysses?" Carlisle questioned as she turned to look back at him. She gave a low snarl in response. "Death isn't a difficult scent to track. There has been much death on the air of late." "Carlisle," Finally, I had managed to fight through the swarm of newborns to where he was sitting. Jasper had managed to corner the newborn leader a mere twenty feet from where I now stood. "Are you okay?" I received a warning snarl from the she-wolf who was aggressively guarding his position. Our gazes met and after a moment, she lowered her hackles as she recognized me for friend rather than foe. "Fine," he answered his attention locked on Jasper's confrontation with the newborn leader. ' Careful Jas, he's no weakling ,' Alice's voice rang like a bell in my head even though her warning wasn't for me specifically. The intensity with which the two battled had not only managed to put a halt to the overall skirmish but it had also drawn the attention of the remaining newborns as well. They kept vigil just inside the tree line, the proximity of the Pack keeping them at bay. Jasper struggled just to gain control of a confrontation that had turned into a test of strength. A wrestling match of epic proportions. The newborn leader had uncanny speed and strength along with an intelligence level beyond that of ones I or my family had dealt with in the recent past. I watched as he managed to gain enough leverage to pin his opponent if only briefly. His hold was tenuous at best as the other was already beginning to writhe free. "The time of Ullysses has come," A vile snarl emanated from the other's throat. His fangs lengthened as he began to over-power Jasper. "Money says he gets his ass kicked," Emmett and Embry were taking wagers and apparently Embry had very little faith in Jas' wrestling ability. Emmett shook his head, "Right…whatever." "This one has more brains than most newborn bloodsuckers. I thought Jasper was an expert when it came to battling newborns?" "He is," I growled, "Your point?" I wasn't about to stand aside and allow a damn dog to make a mockery of Jasper or his fighting prowess. "Get'em Jas!" Emmett's gaze was trained like a hawk on me. He could sense the nervous concern radiating from myself and Carlisle. He didn't have to ask to know that I was now bordering on action. "Case and point," Embry chuckled, "Your expert is getting his ass whipped." He motioned toward the still raging confrontation. The newborn leader was basically free of Jasper's hold. "Edward," Carlisle's grip against my shoulder, even before I began moving forward, halted my action. "This is Jasper's fight not yours." Injured or not, Carlisle was far from a weakling and not even I had the nerve to make waves when it came to a direct order. "Shut your face, dog! Jasper ain't beat…" Emmett went to shove Embry. "Jasper no!" The split resonance of Alice's bell-tone voice made ears ring and heads throb. The newborn leader let off a hissing snarl and without warning sank his fangs into Jasper's upper arm. The shock from the bite was all the advantage he needed. In a blur of motion, he freed himself from Jasper's grip, utilized the forward momentum as Jasper's body dropped into his, and pushed him into the air. As if he was dropping a feather, he hurled Jasper across the yard. There was a soggy but solid sounding crack as Jasper slammed back first midway up the trunk of one of huge Oak trees that bordered the yard. The force would have killed a mortal human. As he slid down the trunk to the ground below, the newborn leader along with his company vanished. The only remnants of their presence were their scent and the left-over carnage that littered the yard. I knelt down beside Jasper. "Shit," I cursed as his glassy gaze came to focus on me. It was obvious, even though he had not been knocked out by the impact that he was far from being fully aware. The bite on his arm was bleeding; the blood oozing forward dark and thick. The area around the fang marks had already turned an angry red and the fiery splotches were spreading fast, "Carlisle." "Let's get him in the house." I helped Jasper to his feet while Carlisle kept pressure against the bite wound on his arm. He turned to the others, "Emmett, you and Rose help the members of Jake's pack with the clean-up." A warning finger moved to point at Rose, "Be civil. No bridges are to be burned as of yet, is that understood?!" She nodded stiffly. Even one as bold as Rosalie was leery of disobeying Carlisle. There was a reason why he had once been an integral part of the Volturi and none of us really wanted to find out the details behind that reason.