a pair of blazing arms – a heat that matched her own – wrapped tightly around her. Squeezing, almost like he had no plans to let her go now that he'd found her. While he may have changed, Embry Call's arms were exactly as she remembered them. But she didn't return his embrace. Her arms fell loosely at her sides before she decided to pull away, placing her palms on his biceps and pushing. Ignoring the miffed grumbles from behind her. She had to, because that wasn't who she was anymore. She wasn't the same stupid girl she'd been then. She didn't need those arms now. She didn't want him here. "I was about to ask you the same thing," she replied curtly. "A little far from La Push, aren't you?" Embry looked taken aback, blinking in surprise. "Nice to see you too, Leah." His eyes were calling her out now, asking questions she didn't want to answer, so she looked away. "Why are you here, Embry?" she repeated. He paused before forcing a smile, his eyes averting hers for a moment when he nodded. "I'm here for work," he replied, taking a small step back and shoving his hands in his pockets. "You're pretty much the last person I expected to run into while I was here though..." He didn't know where she lived. None of them knew where she lived. She made it a point not to tell anyone when she left, and those who did know had been sworn to secrecy. She hadn't told them to avoid this. To avoid visits from people – from a life – that was no longer a part of her. When she didn't answer, replying only with an expectant stare, Embry swallowed again. But his eyes softened by a fraction. "So do you live here?" He paused, his expression earnest yet hesitant. "Is this where you've been the past six years?" Crossing her arms in front of her chest, Leah nodded tightly, unable to think of a way to deny it now that he was standing in front of her. "Yup...you found me." Embry blinked, a flash of concern rippling across his features. "Does anyone else know you're here?" A defensive fire licked at her insides and Leah felt herself bristle, taking a step forward before she could think twice. "My family knows, but no one else..." She released her arm, reaching out and jabbing Embry's chest with her index finger. "And that's how it's going to stay, Call. I've managed to lay low this whole time, and I plan on keeping it that way. I have a life here and I don't want anyone from home ruining it." Gaping, Embry held his hands up in defense. "Hey...your secret's safe with me, if that's how you want it." Hesitating, Leah took a step back, smoothing her dress with clammy palms. "Good," she murmured. She wished he would just go away, but he didn't. Instead, he watched her, intense eyes focused on her face as she stood her ground. Refusing to look away first. "So how've you been, Leah? It's been a long time..." "I'm great." The words left her mouth before she could question them. "Never better, actually." Embry nodded, leaning to one side to let an anonymous bar patron past him. "That's good to hear. Your mom said you were good. That you started over somewhere, but...I still wondered. We all did." Leah's blood simmered, her mind jumping to unproven conclusions. Assuming the worst as her brain frantically searched for a better explanation as to why this man was standing in front of her. Why, after six years, he was suddenly there. It didn't make sense. It didn't add up. "Did he send you?" Embry grimaced. "What? Leah, I told you...I'm here for work." "Yeah, that's what you said ," she grumbled, once again crossing her arms in front of her. "But did he send you?" Taking a deep breath, Embry released it with a sigh, a disappointed expression pulling at his lips. " No , he didn't send me. As far as I know, he has no idea you're here." "Well, somehow you managed to find me..." Embry's lips pursed in a thin line, a gesture veiling his disappointment. "Dumb luck, I guess." "I guess..." Her voice drifted off, and she shifted uncomfortably beneath the scrutiny of his stare. A feeling she wasn't used to. A feeling she needed to get away from. "Well, I was just on my way out," she ventured hurriedly, looking to her left and finding her clutch on the edge of the bar. Reaching out, she took it between quick fingers before turning back to the man in front of her. She didn't bother to check on Emerald Eyes. She didn't even know if he was still standing there. To be truthful, a larger part of her didn't give a fuck if he was. Embry's head bobbed in acknowledgement before he drew in a sharp breath. "Listen, I'm going to be here for a couple weeks actually. We should get together while I'm here. Catch up." The tone in his voice was concerned, hopeful. Leah's face screwed up as she tucked her clutch between her arm and body. "I don't think that's a good idea." Expression falling in dismay, she watched Embry's shoulders rise and fall with a heavy breath. "Leah..." "It was good seeing you, Embry." And with a nod, she pushed past him, barely avoiding two small, blonde girls standing in her way. Leaving behind Embry, his god damned compassionate eyes, and a past that no matter how far she ran, somehow always managed to find her. Woohoo for chapter 1! :) So lots of loose ends and unanswered questions. Everything will become clearer in subsequent chapters, so stick around, maybe? See how it all plays out? ;) Feedback is always appreciated. So let me know what you think – I'm betting I can get chapter 2 out quicker than anticipated... :D