kiss against Bella's lips. "I'll never get enough of you ." Pulling her bottom lip between her teeth, she whimpered as he finally moved, as he rocked into her once more. "Promise me," she breathed, the words so quiet she wasn't sure he would hear them. "You know I won't …" Embry murmured, one hand cradling the back of her head, the other pressed against the bed for leverage as he left hot, deep kisses along the column of her neck. "Promise …" Bella gasped, any coherent thought inside her obliterated as Embry found a new rhythm. Desperately knotting her fingers through his hair, the fire inside her returned, quicker than before, an intense pressure she could barely stand. Even though she wanted more. So much more. "I promise," Embry growled into her skin. "Everything I have, everything I am … it's yours, Bella." Bella's breath caught in her throat, her heart beat stuttering when Embry didn't give her a chance to respond, his hold around her body tightening. Her breasts grazing against his firm chest, she held on tighter than she could fathom, her head lolling against his shoulder. The single shift allowed him to push into her one last time, and it was all Bella needed, feeling it through every inch of her body. The heat crawling through her veins gathered, suddenly exploding, every ounce of that fire coursing through her veins as she released a visceral cry into the dim hotel room surrounding them. Biting hard on her lip, she trembled in his arms, desperately trying to catch her breath but unable to as Embry continued to move inside her. It wasn't long before his rhythm fell into chaos as he searched for his own release, finding it a moment later with his own satiated cry. All the while, he never let her go, cradling her against him as she came down from her own delirious high. Fingers twisting through the hair at the nape of his neck, Bella took a deep breath, her head still resting on her shoulder, refusing to let go anyway. "I don't need everything," she whispered breathlessly, shifting just enough to place a kiss on the spot where his neck met his shoulder. "I just need you." Embry released a ragged breath, his body relaxing against hers. Turning his face, he placed one kiss followed by another on her temple. His lips parted against her hair, the warmth of his breath tickling her ear. Lingering there for a moment, Bella knew he wanted to say something - she could tell by the way he hesitated, by the way his breath caught in his throat. She knew it was coming, but there was no way for her to prepare for what he would say. Not really. " … Marry me," Embry whispered quietly in her ear, his fingertips tracing patterns down her back, the words nearly lost in the inexplicable heat and darkness of the room. Bella's stomach jumped, the words knocking every bit of air from her lungs. For a single second, she couldn't move, what he said taking away her ability to think, to move, to hear anything but those words. But after a moment, she did. After a moment, Bella was finally able to gather her bearings enough to pull back, instantly capturing those ebony eyes. Reaching up, she softly cupped both cheeks with her hands. "What did you say?" Her voice was unsteady, eyes wide with disbelief. Closing his eyes, he turned his head, placing one, two gentle kisses to her trembling palm. "Marry me," he murmured against her skin. Blinking in shock, she couldn't ignore the growing warmth in her stomach, all of it exacerbated by the after effects of the high still lingering in her blood. Still, she smiled in both shock and an inexplicable elation. "Embry," she whispered, her smile widening, "that's crazy …" His eyes focused on her a moment before he leaned forward, grinning suddenly as he pushed his fingers through her hair. "I know, but Bella … you might not need everything, and I may be enough … but you are everything. You are my everything. You … our daughter. You are my life now, and I don't want to lose you again … ever." In that moment, Bella could see the tangible sincerity in her eyes, and she knew nothing else would matter - no reason, no argument, no words she could possibly speak against the idea would be enough to negate the way he was looking at her. It wouldn't be enough to lessen the devotion in his words. It wouldn't be enough to change her answer, a single word she could already feel on her tongue.. And she suddenly wanted nothing more than to say it . "Okay," she said softly, the corner of her lips pulling into a smile as she let her fingers trace his jaw. Still, Embry pulled back just enough, eyes wide and a grinning tentatively. "Okay?" The excitement in his voice, the bouyancy in his eyes - resting beside but not overshadowing his sincerity - caused a laugh to tumble from Bella's throat. She nodded vigorously, letting loose a full, genuine smile of her own, yet another thing she so desperately wanted to give him. " Yes ." And in that moment, as he leaned forward, capturing her lips in an intense, ardent kiss, Bella heard Embry's words in her head. She understood the meaning of each one all over again, and she believed everything she'd ever told him in a completely different way. Because she knew … She'd followed him this far, but in reality, their journey was only beginning. Oh, young love - these two don't have a clue, haha. However, sometimes it's nice to live in that bubble. Sometimes, nothing really is impossible, right? :) MP, you wanted soft and loving. Well, this is about as soft and loving as I'm capable of producing! Love you, lady! . Review if you like.