can come up with better than that." Then he crouched down and caged Mike with his long arms and quick feet, giving Mike no room to operate. Jasper's man made a few shots, and Bella almost believed the guys were going easy on Mike's team and letting them have those baskets. Emmett wasn't a powerful shooter but he was an excellent defender, almost intimidating. Jasper was sure-footed and quick, and most of his shots sank through the rim. Whenever an opposing player went up, Edward swiftly positioned himself between Mike and the basket, planting his feet wide apart, holding his arms out fast and boxing out his opponent. Whenever he had the ball, Edward outshone them all. Graceful and fast, he managed to work through almost every cluster of opposition in his drives to the basket. Bella watched him sail up against the backboard countless times, going over and around defenders with a dancer's sure footing, and the ball made it through the hoop with nearly every shot. After about a half-hour, she noticed that Mike looked pretty winded. Coincidentally, this happened after Edward sank a 20-footer from the corner with ease, before Mike could even get within three feet of him. "Showoff," Alice muttered, but she was smiling as much as Bella. For a moment, Bella wondered if Mike would call the game, but it was Emmett who ended it by pointing to his watch and saying he had to head home to meet up with Rose. Mike gave him some good-natured ribbing about Rose having him on a leash, but Bella saw relief on Mike's face. She was just reaching for her water bottle when she noticed that Edward and Emmett brushed shoulders. Edward's right and Emmett's left-hand fingertips lightly tapped against each other. Bella knew then that game's end was as orchestrated as its beginning. And while Edward wanted to show Mike up, he didn't overdo it. He made his point and he let it rest. Edward walked over slowly, eyes down, dribbling his well-worn basketball. Bella stood up to meet him, holding his towel in one hand and his water bottle in the other. "Which do you want first?" "Coffee, actually." She was disappointed in herself for a moment – Why didn't I think of that? - but then Edward grinned at her and grabbed the towel. "I'm going to have to get used to this," she said slowly. Edward glanced at her quickly, and for a moment she saw hope on his face, which made it so endearingly vulnerable she almost couldn't bear to tease him. "Used to what?" he said. "To this New York sense of humor. I could have had a whole lemonade stand here, plus clean clothes and a private shower, just for you" – she poked her finger into his damp chest – "and you still would have asked for whatever I didn't have." He looked at her intently for a moment before responding. "Nah. I think you'll always have everything for me." Oh. With a slow inhale, she tried to pull her wits about her, and wound up asking him what she'd been curious about ever since the three of them were in her office. "Why would you want to play basketball with Mike?" Edward stood with the ball tucked under his arm, his hand sticking straight out. He squinted off in the direction of the West Fourth Street subway station. "I had to show who's better." Bella gave a short laugh. "I knew you could beat him any time. I know you knew that, too." He turned to her, uncharacteristically serious now. Tenderly, he drew away the strands of hair that had drifted in front of her eyes. "No. I had to show him who's better for you." She stared at him, breathless, as his fingertips traced the shape of her face again and again. "I see you," he said, then repeated fiercely, "I see you. And that guy? He never could." His expressive gaze pleaded with her, then softened. Tears had sprung to her eyes. No one had ever said anything like that to her. She cried because she'd always been afraid no one ever would. If anyone had asked Edward earlier in the morning, he would have expressed some clear preferences for his first kiss with Bella. He would have wanted to be cleaner, better dressed, and more hydrated. But Edward saw this moment for what it was, so he gently touched her chin and leaned in. The city vanished from around them as their lips met, tentatively once, then firmly, moving deep. The ball dropped and rolled away as Edward put his arms around Bella's waist and pulled her closer. Stink and sweat be damned. He was thrilled when she responded eagerly, standing on tiptoes and looping her own arms around his neck. She felt his smile – always that smile – as he rained soft kisses on her cheeks, her eyes, and the tip of her nose. "Mike's a backbencher," she said. "I think you mean benchwarmer," he said affectionately. "Whatever. He ain't got game. Does that work?" "Perfectly. Now can we please stop talking about Mike?" Edward leaned in for another kiss, strong and determined. Bella once thought she wasn't big enough for New York; that she'd stay out of sight like its smallest parts: the tuck of a street curb, the apron of a window, the tiny letters in a sign you had to cross the street to read. All those feelings of insignificance evaporated now. She finally felt visible, held fast in Edward's arms. She knew she wouldn't disappear, and neither would he. At least one more chapter of this story is in the works. I wanted to include a scene where Edward and Bella visit MoMA, since Edward made such a big deal about it, but it would have made this one-shot way too long. I decided to write it separately. Thank you for reading, and for donating to cancer research.