in disbelief, unable to ignore the fact her stomach fluttered wildly at the possibility. "How?" she stuttered. "I've been saving," he answered swiftly, throwing a glance over his shoulder before returning those eyes to her. "Embry..." He didn't let her finish. "You still have a choice, Bella." She reeled, trying to process his words as he wrapped his arms around her again, whispering "midnight" into her hair, over and over, like it was their salvation. Bella buried her face in Embry's chest. He tightened his hold on her, and they stood there, wrapped in each other. Bella reminded herself to breathe, recycling Embry's words, resurrecting a choice she thought she didn't have. Remembering the love she thought she could no longer have. Bringing both lives forward all over again. She loved Jacob. He had been more than she deserved and the connection shared between their souls was undeniable. But Bella – her heart, her body, the woman she was – needed the man in front of her. The realization ebbed the ache in her chest, loosening the bonds on her soul. Not all the way, but just enough. Enough to make her wonder, and enough to see the choice had never been clearer. Later that night, Jacob let himself through the front door of the small home he shared with Bella. It only took a moment to figure out something was not right. But he already knew. He knew because it started long before. A molten weight formed in his stomach the moment Bella placed a hand on his knee at the bonfire. He looked at her, the firelight flickering in her mahogany eyes, and she smiled at him. It was a soft gesture. Reserved, but thankful. She leaned forward, placing a gentle kiss on his cheek. As she went to lean back, Jacob lifted his hand, catching her cheek in his palm. She blinked, frozen in place by the intense, wondering look in his eyes. "You make me happy, Bella," he whispered, the corners of his lips curling into a small smile. Bella returned it, placing her hand over his. She didn't take it, and she didn't lean into it, but she allowed it. He never lied to himself. He never asked her for more. He never let himself believe it wasn't another hand she wished for. "And you know I want you to be happy too, right?" Bella's eyes fell slightly, hesitating before they recaptured his. "I know, Jake," she murmured. He smiled at her then, lowering his hand but not before he wrapped his fingers around hers. He knew others could probably hear his words, but he didn't care. He reached out with his free hand, taking her chin between his thumb and forefinger. "So you know that no matter what, that's the most important thing to me, right?" he pressed on. "I never wanted you to get mixed up in this life. That when it comes to this imprint thing, so long as you're happy, that's all that matters. No matter what it takes. That's enough for me." Bella blinked, letting his words register. Several moments passed before her shoulders rose and fell with a heavy breath, and she nodded. Before he could see anything else in those piercing brown eyes, he released her hand, turning to face the fire. He could feel her watching him long after, taking what she wanted from his words. It didn't matter what it was. This time, it was her choice. The flames in the bonfire were low, licking over charred, smoldering logs, when everyone stood and gathered blankets and chairs, preparing to head home. Bella caught his hand, and Jacob squeezed her fingers. "I'm gonna go for a run," he told her. "I'll be home in a couple hours." She lingered for a few seconds, giving him another affectionate smile. "Love you, Jake." "Love you too, Bells." One glance at the clock above the sink revealed it was almost a quarter past midnight. The silence was thick in the house as Jacob moved into the living room, locating the light switch on the wall. Her sweet, intoxicating scent – a mix of apricots, cream, and the sweetest honey – still clung to every surface in the small home, greeting him. Jacob took a deep breath through his nostrils, drawing in the aroma. Filling the inherent emptiness he already felt. Replacing the silence that screamed in his ears. He noticed the coffee table first. The book she was reading, left facedown to mark her page, was no longer there. Nothing else seemed out of place, but he turned anyway, peering back into the kitchen. The coat rack. Her dark blue jacket. Also missing. With a sigh, Jacob turned back to the living room, knowing time had finally caught up to them. His heart throbbed in his chest, but another feeling washed over him. One he couldn't quite place as he sank to the sofa, elbows digging into his knees as he brought both fists to his mouth. The only thing he could liken it to was relief. Because he too was sick of fighting. Of pretending. Because fate was a funny thing. Something that couldn't be decided by spirits or a beast that lived inside him. Because humans, by nature, held something more powerful. The ability to disrupt fate. The ability to leave and be left. The ability to choose. Jacob lowered his eyes to the coffee table, sweeping over its contents until he felt his gaze drawn to a piece of paper. Folded neatly, it rested in the center, between the remote and a magazine. The bright white of it was blinding, a stark contrast to the dark ink used to write his name across its surface. But Jacob didn't reach out. Instead, he smiled against his knuckles, his lips parting slightly before he whispered into his flesh. " I release you." Three words. Validating her choice. Surrendering to its strength. Setting her free. Reviews are always appreciated. :)