on the lawn with me, and we just talked. He didn't want to put you in a precarious position since you're his dad, and I'm your patient and all. I hope it's not a problem that we're going on a date this Saturday." His hand tightened around his pen, causing his knuckles to turn white. "You're going on a date with my son?" I gulped and nodded. Okay, so we obviously don't have his blessing. Carlisle pushed a button on his desk phone. "Isabella, I'm afraid that won't be happening." A moment later the same orderly from three days ago stepped inside the room. "Unfortunately, I'm going to put a hold on your discharge as well." "What?!" I yelled. "You can't do that!" "Isabella, I need you to calm down!" "How the fuck can I calm down? You're keeping me prisoner here, just so I don't go on a date with your son!" The orderly walked over to me and offered me a pill in a small, clear cup. I batted it out of her hand; the pill and cup flew across the room. I tried to rush to the door to escape, but the orderly overpowered me. I felt a sting and warm sensation shoot through my arm. Within seconds, I had the overwhelming urge to go to sleep. "What did you do to me?" I shrieked. My body involuntarily slumped against the orderly's chest. I could feel myself starting to drift away, but was still consciously fighting with all my might. C'mon, Super Bella! "I'm so sorry, Isabella." Dr. Cullen walked over to me in slow motion. He gently brushed his hand over my forehead, trying to calm me. I tried to spit on him, but drool just rolled down my chin. His image started to get fuzzier and fuzzier. Just before everything went blank, I heard his last words. "Isabella, you never met my son. He's been dead for two years." I stepped out of my dad's car much calmer than I probably should be. It was the drugs. I spent almost a month locked in that hospital, while they tried every sort of drug cocktail on me. I was now at the point where I simply couldn't feel. After weeks of fear, desperation, and sorrow – the numbness was finally a relief. Dr. Cullen diagnosed me with schizophrenia. I just called myself crazy. But I didn't feel crazy. Of course, maybe that should have been my biggest clue. I remember whenever my mom couldn't find her car keys, she'd joke that she was going crazy. Dad would tell her that crazy people didn't know they were going crazy. Bingo. I never saw "Edward" anymore. For a while, I was in such a haze from the drugs, I didn't know if I was sleeping, dreaming, or awake. That's when the paranoia set in – I could never tell what was real and what wasn't. I started to question everything. Every night I would trace the outline to Edward's sketch over and over again. Every last one of his features was imprinted in my brain. How could I remember every detail if it never happened? How could a hallucination feel that real? Dr. Cullen finally gave me clearance to leave after a thorough evaluation and finding the right balance of medications. I was able to stay awake for more than twelve hours on my newest prescriptions. Which, I supposed showed I was now a functioning human-being. I was awake, but I wasn't alive. My mother took my hand and helped lead me into the house. I looked around at my surroundings. Everything seemed so familiar, yet so different. I wondered if I would ever escape this dream-like state. Mom asked if I wanted anything to drink, but I waved her off and trudged up to my room. I closed the door behind me, hoping my parents got the message that I wanted to be alone. Why were they still both here, anyway? Weren't they getting a divorce? I flung my duffle bag onto the bed and opened it up, unpacking what few personal items I had. There was my dead cell phone, which I immediately plugged in, a pile of dirty clothes I dumped straight into the hamper, and my sketchbook. Opening it up to the picture of Edward, I lovingly stroked my hand down the side of his face. A fire started to bubble up inside me, burning through my emotionless state. Instantly, my mood shifted, and I became furious with myself for still carrying around a memento of my madness. I tore the page out and crumpled it up, tossing it towards the direction of the trashcan. Grabbing a pillow, I smothered it over my mouth and screamed as loud as I could. After a few minutes of rage, I no longer had any energy left. Panting, I rolled over and stared at the ceiling. I wanted to cry, but there were no tears. How could I have imagined someone like Edward? He certainly wasn't the knight-in-shining armor that I needed. He was snarky and overly confident. He never swept me off my feet, but he stirred something inside me that I didn't even know existed. Edward made my heart race; he made me feel. I hugged my pillow, wishing I could touch him just one more time… even if it was a hallucination. The best moment of my entire life was also my most psychotic. You're literally crazy, Bella. My phone beeped, letting me know it had powered back on. I got off the bed and picked it up. Glancing at the screen, I let out a strangled cry. Message Sent 28 Days Ago: From: 310-555-3908 Super B – Call me tomorrow. Can't wait for our date Saturday! Edward Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x