message from CattleMan620. I don't open it until late that night. I can't bring myself to read what I know it'll say. When I finally do, I see it's an apology from Emmett. He explains all of his reasons to me and asks me to please understand. I know he was just trying to do a nice thing, but I can't let it go. I'm sorry, Emmett. I can't. - CountrySwan I close my FarmersOnly account, delete the app from my phone, and try my hardest to forget about Emmett, Edward, and those loopy swirls in my grade book that say Bella Cullen. -0-0-0-0-0- It's Memorial Day, and I've just come home from being at Alice's all day. Jasper wanted to barbecue and introduce me to his cousin, Liam. He's nice, but I'm not interested in him or moving to Texas. Plus, I'm still hung up on a certain cattle man I'll most likely never meet. I've tried to forget him, but it's not possible. Every time I hear a cheesy pick-up line, I think of Edward. Every time I drive past the cows at the dairy farm on my way to work, I think of Edward. When Alice pulled out that damn jalapeño jelly at the barbecue today, I thought of Edward. He just won't go away, and it's driving me crazy. And he's making me want to drive back to Sheridan, which is ridiculous. Right? I'm only home a few minutes when there's a knock on my door. I'm not expecting anyone, so when I look through the peephole, I about fall over from shock. My heart starts racing, and I have to breathe deeply and count to ten before I'm calm enough to open the door. When I finally do, I find Edward Cullen standing on my doorstep, holding a pint of ice cream in his hands. The look on his face tells me he's just as nervous as I am. We stare at each other for what seems like five minutes. Maybe it's not quite that long, but it is a long time. I know that much. Finally, he clears his throat, and I see his Adam's apple bob when he swallows. "Hello. I'm Edward Cullen." "I know," I manage to squeak out. "You're Bella Swan, right?" I nod. And yeah, he's a tenor. "Um, first of all, I'd like to apologize for my brother. He means well, but he's not the brightest bulb in the box, if you know what I mean." I nod again, because I do know what he means. I press my teeth into my bottom lip to keep my mouth from hanging open as I watch him fidget. The way my hands are gripping onto the door probably makes it clear how nervous I am, but he doesn't say anything. He just nods in response and continues speaking. "Second, I brought this ice cream as a peace offering. I really hope you'll hear me out before you slam the door in my face." I look down and wonder how he knew what to get. It's the perfect choice. "It looks like Ben & Jerry's Chocolate Fudge Brownie, so..." I can't say no to that. I just shrug my shoulder and look back up into his pretty green eyes. He smiles, and I swear I think the sun just got brighter. "I got your address from Alice. She called my mom about her jalapeño jelly. My mom begged her for it," he says, shaking his head. "I think she offered up a free case or two of the jelly, so please don't be upset. I'm sorry I didn't come here sooner. I thought you probably wouldn't want to talk to me." There's a little sadness in his eyes when he says that, and it hurts my heart that he thinks my ending things was about him. "Emmett's an idiot, but he really did have good intentions." "Yeah, I guess." He half-laughs, and it's the sweetest sound I've ever heard. "I read through all of your messages with Emmett, and they really are my words. Bella, it's up to you, and if you say no, I'll completely understand, but I'd love to take you out sometime. Maybe now, if you'd like. I wanna get to know you for real. I think maybe this could be something, if I'm not too late." He's anxious, shifting his weight from one denim-clad leg to the next. Then I notice the brown cowboy boots. Oh, the boots... My heart's thumping so loudly in my chest that I'm shocked Edward can't hear it. It's practically screaming out to him. Honestly, it's belonged to him ever since that first message. I know as I look at Edward that I'll never get it back, and I don't want to. I want whatever might happen between us, and I need to give it a chance to be real, to last. I smile, wondering how I can show him in more than just words that I want exactly what he's asking for. A thought crosses my mind, and I have to hold back a laugh. Reaching for the carton of ice cream, I bat my lashes at him and cock my head to the side. "Are you from Tennessee? 'Cause you're the only ten I see." His smile widens, and his fingers touch mine as we hold the little frozen tub between us, neither of us wanting to let go. He laughs a rich, hearty laugh before taking a step toward me and flashing me the most indecent, crooked smile I've ever seen. And when he speaks, his tenor voice is dripping with a sexiness I don't think I've ever heard before. "Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?" Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x