outcome. And now that he thought of it, it occurred to him that it was that same contradictory, inexplicable need that'd pushed him to follow Tanya into her room and share something of his with her. It was that same need that'd made him pack his suitcase and travel across the ocean without a second thought. Now it was clear to him that though caution was a virtue, fear was not. "Today's bread does not eliminate yesterday's hunger, much less that of tomorrow," he muttered, speaking the words from memory. The woman looked up suddenly, and Edward's breath stalled in his lungs, his mind taken off the swirl of gathering reflections and realizations that'd surrounded his head. She was, he could say with certainty, unusually and… breathtakingly beautiful— not like Tanya, who was also lovely in her own way, but like something out of one of his reveries, with hair the color of fallen chestnuts and a pale face that seemed to have been shaped into a heart. A face that bore a confused expression and just the lightest, most endearing blush. "Excuse me?" "It's a quote," he said, trying only slightly to tear his gaze away from the dark depths of her wide brown eyes, "from the book you're reading." The woman— or the girl, whom he reckoned to be around his age or just a tad older— glanced down at the hardback in her hands as if she'd suddenly remembered that it was there, and he was struck by a tickling curiosity, a need to know if there was any chance at all that she had also seen something beyond the usual pattern of her daily life. "Oh," she breathed out, her eyes travelling down quickly and landing on her chest. Edward followed her gaze, allowing it to wander across the expanse of white skin below her collarbones towards the soft, minute lint on her shoulder, glinting golden in the mid-morning sunshine. "It's a lovely book." There was just the barest hint of sarcasm dripping through her voice, like a glimpse of what she was like beneath her coy demeanor, and he felt a pressing desire to see another dozen glimpses, to lean closer and lay his fingertips on the swell of her cheekbone, and as his gaze strayed to the gentle bow of her upper lip, to— Touch his mouth to hers. Taste her. "It is... a bit disgusting, admittedly, in some parts." She snickered, and a dimple appeared just below the side of her mouth as her eyes crinkled at the corners. A slow, beguiled smile tugged at the edge of Edward's lips, and he thought that in some way that was a glimpse of himself, too, a window into his gratitude for the unsought genuineness of her manner. "I've read cruder things," she said, leaning closer to him over the railing of her balcony, and Edward moved towards her, too, his stomach clenching in the face of this sudden proximity, this strange magnetism that was quite possibly not real outside his head and which, all at once, scared him and reached out for the space in his chest that he thought couldn't be filled again. "Besides, Baltasar Seven-Suns and Blimunda Seven-Moons are just lovely, so bare of any reservations when they're together, so…" "Simple," he finished. So simple and yet so complex , he added in his head, wondering about the contradictory nature of her allure. So shy and yet so open with a voice that was all at once sweet and tinged with subtle traces of sardonic humor. Edward moved closer still, watching her vibrant gaze flicker up to his and dance between the angles of his face. "Moon, where are you?" he quoted, and her eyes widened, dark brown orbs flashing under the long sweep of her lashes. "Sun, where are you going?" A smile crept slowly onto their faces where the growing sunlight shone softly, mellowing out the edges of their features. She held out her hand after a moment, and he took it in his, feeling the warmth of her touch melt onto his skin. "I'm Bella," she said, and the name echoed in his head like a mantra. "And you?" Suddenly, he invoked the previous night. The almost natural fear that whatever followed his introduction to Tanya would wind up in tatters, shred by a mistake on his or her part or by a rushed decision to get too close, too attached, and eventually too badly burnt or too deeply marked by the guilt of having burnt her instead. He invoked all of this and more— the two-second-long bond between him and a child on the street when he lowered his head for her to hit it with a hammer and then hit hers in return; Heidi's slight narcissism showing through her words as he listened to her speak; the acrid burn in his throat as he took a sip of the vodka; the tolerable regret over having sex with Tanya as he lay in bed with her minutes afterwards… The world was so flawed and so beautiful, and he wasn't afraid anymore. "Edward. My name is Edward." Because there was always a chance that he would disappoint this girl, this beautiful woman whom he never wanted to hurt, just like there was a chance she would disappoint him as well, but in the end he thought— no, he was sure that he could work with that, because… He could work with that, because even if they let each other down a little, he knew neither of them would let the other fall. Bella smiled again, a radiant smile that made him feel his heartbeat on the side of his neck. "It's lovely to meet you, Edward." "It's lovely to meet you, too, Bella." Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x