I'm free and I don't have to take any of the blame. I'm actually...relieved." Her eyes go wide and she looks at me questioningly, so I explain to them I haven't been sure about me and James for a while. He's been acting...odd, and it's been tough trying to figure things out—especially after all the years I've spent with James—deciphering wedding jitters from actually questioning whether I'm with the right person till death do us part. But, now I can admit, that maybe I've made a lucky escape. We drink and talk it all through. It's cathartic in ways I didn't know I needed. *S* "How come they don't make break ups easier?" I whisper to Jess as I get ready for the onslaught of little faces. "Because, I think if they did, no one would ever fight to stay together, you know?" I shake my head and try to concentrate on anything beyond James. I don't want to fight, that's just it. I spent years with him, and even though it's weeks later and I can now acknowledge I'm better off without him in my life, it's still not easy dissolving a long-term relationship like that. The kids are a wonderful distraction from my conflicting emotions, though. We go through our normal routine before it's time for everyone to start going home. I'll admit, I'm going to miss them; I'm not ready for the day to end and to go home alone. "Bella, do you think you could stay late for me? I already had plans after work, and we have a dad who's going to be a little late picking up his munchkin," Jess announces. "Okay, which one?" I wonder. "Heidi. Do you mind?" I shrug. "No, not at all. But what happened to her grandmother who always does it?" "Esme called to say she's out of town, and her son, Heidi's father, is going to have to get her today, but that he's in class so he might be a little late." I nod and say fine. That happens to us sometimes. It's part of Sunny Days Preschool; it caters to students at Arizona State University. But, I think about this guy... We've never met him; his mother always drops off and picks up Heidi. Esme has mentioned she helps him because he's sacrificed a lot for his daughter, and to get his college education. I commend him for that, and I'm curious to finally meet the guy. After all the other children have left, I set up Heidi with some paints. "Who are you painting?" I wonder, because I can tell it's supposed to be a man. "My daddy. He's the bestest," Heidi states proudly, her blonde curls bouncing. "Him and Nana take good care of me." "That's good, sweetie. I can tell you love your daddy very much." She nods emphatically. "Yes! And he says he loves me twice as much 'cause he's both my mommy and my daddy." I find that interesting information, but don't say anything else. Heidi is just finishing up her painting when there's a knock on the door and I hear the passcode being punched in. "Hi there." I turn around to greet who I know has to be Heidi's dad. Only authorized people have the passcode to the preschool's door. "You're here for this little princess?" I smile and smooth Heidi's hair. "Yes, Heidi Masen." "Hi, Daddy!" Heidi yells and jumps on her father's leg. "Hi, angel." He bends down and hugs her, kissing her cheek. I grin at them. "Okay, well, she's all ready." Then my eyes meet his and I really take him in, and that's when I see it—the look on his face; the one that indicates he recognizes me too. Images from the night of my bachelorette flash through my head. His memorable eyes. His beautiful chest. His tattoo. His defined abs. His tight, leather pants. Where my hand once rested on his perfect body and hard cock as I brushed it through his thong. I feel my face flush as I look at Teddy standing in front of me, but before I can say anything, there's a tug on my leg. "Yes, sweetie?" I ask. "Why you staring at my daddy?" I let out a nervous chuckle. "Uh..." I clear my throat. "I thought he looked like someone I met before." She grins adorably, waving at her pretty painting still on the easel. I grab it and give it to her. "Um, she made that for you," I say, as Heidi hands him her painting. He also clears his throat. "Oh, that's incredible. Thank you, angel." I melt momentarily as he touches her cheek, then snap back into daycare worker mode. "I, uh, actually need to see your ID before you leave please. It's part of our security process. Since I...uh…don't know you and you had the passcode." He nods and takes out his wallet, handing me his license. I confirm he's as handsome in his driver's photo as he is in person. And I may or may not take a good look at his address, smiling to myself that he only lives a few blocks over from me. I hand back his license. "Thanks...Mr. Masen." "Edward, please. And you're welcome." He grabs his daughter's things and heads for the door with her, but then turns around. "Oh, and Bella?" "Yes," I answer, feeling a little stunned I now know his real name, and he remembered mine. "I'll definitely be seeing you around, sweetheart." His eyes find my naked ring finger before he gives me a bright smile and knowing wink that sends me into heart failure. With that, he closes the door, taking his gorgeous self and beautiful daughter with him. And I'm left a flustered mess. Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x