bodies always end up close together. Bella's lustful eyes lock with Eduardo's as their breathing speeds up. No words are exchanged as their bodies sway from side to side and one of Eduardo's hands slides down her back to her hip. The song's sensual rhythm allows a sinuous tension to create between them, especially when their hips shift at the same time. During the second chorus of the song, Eduardo spins Bella, and stands behind her, wrapping her arms around his neck. Bella leans into Eduardo, and closes her eyes as he once again grips her hips, causing her to move in perfect harmony with him. Prince Royce's "Te Robare" begins then, causing Eduardo and Bella to shift and change positions once more. This song is a bit faster, so their bodies aren't as close as before, but the fervor in their movements remains the same. Eduardo's arms extend, spinning Bella and pulling her back into him, forming perfect figures as they undulate their hips. A few more songs play, although it isn't until Romeo Santos croons "Eres Mía" that the ambience surrounding Eduardo and Bella intensifies. The song's slow pulse allows both of them to continue the sensuous teasing they've been doing since they began dancing, which could almost be considered foreplay. To someone from a far it may not look like as such, but it's definitely how Bella feels about it. Although, suddenly, Bella begins to panic, causing her to pull away. What if she's getting all the wrong signals? What if she's looking too much into it? Bewildered, Eduardo asks, "Is something wrong, Isabella?" "No." Bella shakes her head. "I just need to step outside for a bit. I need some air." Eduardo isn't convinced, yet he doesn't press the issue. "Okay," he sighs. "I can go with you if you'd like." "I'd prefer to go alone, if that's all right," Bella tells him. "I'll be right back; I promise." "Sure." Eduardo nods, looking torn. "I'll be at our table waiting for you." Feeling terrible, Bella gives him a small smile. "Thanks." With that, she turns in direction of the bar's exit, walking swiftly until she reaches the sidewalk. " You're so stupid," Bella says under her breath. "Why did you have to ruin the moment? You were having such a great time! " "I'd like to agree, but I'm not okay with your first statement," Eduardo says, startling Bella. She turns immediately, facing him. "Oh, my God, Eduardo, I didn't even hear or notice you behind me!" Eduardo chuckles. "That's because I was trying to be stealthy." "Well you did a great job," Bella says, laughing lightly before she looks down at her hands. "Although, I don't understand why you followed me." "You looked really troubled, and I wasn't going to leave you in that state by yourself, even if you did ask me to give you some privacy," Eduardo explains. "Besides, I have a feeling I had something to do with you being uncomfortable, so…" "It's not your fault—" " Then why did you leave? " Eduardo interjects. "We were having a good time; you said so yourself." Bella gazes up at Eduardo, twisting her hands by her lap. "I got scared," she confesses. "About what? Did I do something wrong?" "No"—Bella shakes her head—"not at all." "Then what was it?" Bella sighs. "I felt I was imagining this connection we shared while we danced, and I don't know… it terrified me to think I was wrong." "Well, if it's the same connection I felt, then I understand." Bella raises her brow. " What are you talking about? " "What you felt when we were dancing? I felt it, too." "You did?" "Yeah—" Eduardo nods, closing the distance between them "—and I get it, it's fucking scary, right? Because you're going crazy, trying to explain to yourself that you're imagining things, but the attraction is there. You can't deny it." Bella licks her lips as she nods. "So, I'm not crazy, right?" He shakes his head. "Not at all," Eduardo says before leaning down to kiss Bella. He threads his hand in her hair and pulls her closer, kissing her deeper. Bella snakes her arms around his neck then, allowing herself to enjoy their kiss. And it isn't until after a couple of minutes that they finally pull away from each other. Eduardo briefly closes his eyes and sighs, cupping Bella's face. "You want to hear something crazier than everything we've said?" Bella nods. "I've wanted to do that since yesterday—kiss you, I mean." A chuckle escapes past her lips. "I'm pretty sure I'd wanted that, too." "Now I'm wondering if we both have the same desires," Eduardo whispers, "because if we do, we could have a lot of fun tonight." Bella gazes at Eduardo's lips as she bites down on her own. "What would that entail?" "Quédate conmigo esta noche, Isabella, y lo sabrás," he taunts, telling her to spend the night with him to find out. Bella thinks about it briefly. She's dying to accept his proposal, yet she doesn't want to come off as easy. It would be cliché to reply that she's never had a one-night stand before, even if it is true, so she refrains from doing so. However, when she gazes into Eduardo's eyes, she knows she's going to do the right thing by accepting. After all, wasn't that what she went to Rosarito for? To have an adventure? How could she do that if she wasn't willing to try new and exciting things? She would take the risk, consequences be damned. If anything else, at least she'd have the newest plot for her next book. Because as far as she was concerned, she already knew who her male protagonist would look like. Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x