and the tenth one is a liar?" I smiled, smug. He shrugged again, still smirking. "I seem to be an exception, then. It's better to be different from the rest of the crowd, don't you think?" His green eyes smoldered and I struggled to maintain my train of thought. "You know what, I'll take on the challenge of converting you into a chocolate fan," I said decidedly. "You, mister, are going to be turned into such a fan that you're going to wish that there was a Chocoholics Anonymous." He laughed and I joined in until our desserts arrived and my mind focused solely on the delicacy in front of me. As I took a bite and the delicious, rich gooey taste exploded in my mouth, I moaned, this time, very softly, and licked my lips. I looked up to see Edward, his hand with the spoon, raised mid-air while his gaze was fixed on my lips, his dessert long forgotten. I cleared my throat, smirking when he looked away quickly and continued with my precious, precious treat. We sat there and chatted for over three hours and it was as if we'd created a little bubble of our own, unaware of the surroundings. It was only when the waitress approached to let us know that it was closing time that we broke apart, shaking our heads and smiling sheepishly. Edward insisted on paying the bill and with one of the other guys I'd dated in the past, the feminist in me would probably have been incensed and would not have rested until I'd paid half. But one look at Edward's earnest face and the protest flew from my mind. I'd insist on paying next time. Next time? Presumptuous much? Hell yeah! I want a next time with Edward Cullen. As we walked out to the elevator, I felt a delightful prickle on my skin and looked down to see Edward's hand brush lightly against mine. Bolstering my confidence, I reached out and took his hand in mine, reveling when he smiled and entwined our fingers together. As we rode down the elevator, the air around us seemed charged with the same sparks that I felt flowing between us where our hands were connected. I gulped and breathed heavily, all the while wondering if he felt the same desire I did. To press my mouth against his and test if those lips of his were as soft as they looked. Neither of us said anything, until Edward offered to walk me to my car once I told him that I'd parked a little further down the road in an alley. By the time we reached there, still in silence, I was nervous. Didn't he have a good time? Didn't he want to see me again? All the breath left my lungs in a whoosh when I suddenly felt myself pinned against the wall, right next to my car. Edward's arms formed an inescapable cage around me and his warm breath washed over me as he leaned in to whisper in my ear. "I had a great time, Bella. Thank you for spending the evening with me. And for teaching me about the right way to drink Coke." He chuckled, the rich, deep sound sending shivers down my spine and my heart sped as I raised my arms slowly, wrapping them around his neck. "You're most welcome. And I had a wonderful time with you, too," I replied honestly. "May I kiss you, Miss Swan?" It was a hypnotizing, seductive whisper and I couldn't have refused even if I'd wanted to. And of course I didn't want to! "Yes." My voice cracked in anticipation. He pulled back to look at me for a second and leaned in quickly. Before I knew it, his warm, soft lips were on mine, his fingers entangling in my hair and pulling me closer, pressing me against his hard, muscular form. As if I was going anywhere. All thoughts left my brain when he tilted his head slightly, opening his mouth and stroking my bottom lip with his sinful tongue. I gasped at the sensations he evoked in me, my lips parting and he took the opportunity to explore my mouth. I moaned when I met my tongue with his, stroking it languidly while his hands roamed over my back. He tasted like the sugary goodness we'd feasted on and I couldn't get enough of him. We broke apart only when breathing became absolutely necessary, gasping and panting as he pressed his forehead to mine. I opened my eyes to find his closed. I watched as his eyes squeezed shut for a few seconds, opened suddenly and gazed deeply into mine until I was lost in their emerald depths. A strange expression overtook his face and he mouthed something to me. I couldn't understand what he'd said or why his demeanor had changed so suddenly. I was about to verbalize my confusion when I felt a sharp sting at the side of my neck. My hand flew up instinctively and I caught his hand there. It held an object. A syringe. My eyes widened in abject terror as I looked up at his face. As a dull, sleepy wave slowly overtook my senses, I couldn't comprehend the emotion that his features held. My head swam as I fought desperately to keep awake, but I knew in my heart that it was a futile effort and seconds later, I felt his arms around me again. This time, though, they were trying to hold me steady as my body swayed, totally out of my control. That same undecipherable expression in his eyes was the last thing I saw before my world dissolved into darkness. What the hell had Emmett gotten me into? Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x