shifts, rubbing her thighs together. "I can't wait," she taunts. He grins and moves back to us. I stand next to Bella as Carlisle ties the satin material behind her head, his dick rubbing against her stomach as he does. "Are you comfortable?" he asks her. "Yes," she moans. His hands are kneading her ass as he talks to her. "If that changes in the slightest, you tell us to stop. Do you understand?" "Yes," she replies on a whimper. "Edward?" "Yeah, absolutely." Carlisle takes Bella by the shoulders, turning her slowly and gently pushing her onto her back on the ottoman. She shifts to adjust herself, and he pulls her bound hands above her head. "Those stay there," he orders. I look at him, trying to figure out what he has in mind. He stays near her head and points me toward her legs, which are spread and bent at the knee to rest her high heels on the floor. We both kneel, and he grabs a throw pillow off the couch for each of us. I pick up my knees to put the pillow under them, and it makes a huge difference in my comfort and height. Carlisle leans over Bella's head and kisses her upside down. I look down at my wife and decide there's no better place to start than with her pussy. With a long lick, I get her riled up again. Holding her ass in my hands, I work my tongue over her glistening folds, sucking her juices into my mouth. She cries out into Carlisle's mouth, and he moans in response. His hands roam, stroking the exposed underside of her arms as they hang above her head. With my head bent to my task I can look up her body and watch her writhe, her tits shifting and bouncing as she squirms. Carlisle continues to kiss her senseless and his hands move to fondle her hard nipples. She screams into his mouth as I nibble her clit in time to his pinches. She comes, loudly. Carlisle backs away from her mouth so she can let loose, and I add my fingers just as she clamps down and shudders. She breathes heavily for a few minutes as Carlisle and I both run our fingertips over her skin. Carlisle stands and I do the same. I guess it's game on. He pulls her gently, letting her head drop over the edge of the ottoman and lining his cock up to her mouth. Understanding, I take her knees and push them up to her chest, lining up my cock with her sweet pussy. Meeting his eyes, I push my cock into Bella at the same time Carlisle slips his cock past her lips. She moans around him, spurring his moan in return. He grabs her boots and pulls her legs up, so I pound into her. He rocks his hips so that she takes more and more of his cock each time, and I watch her throat as it slips down further. She takes his balls in her bound hands and squeezes, making noises in her throat as we fuck her. I find it's easier if I bend my knees and rest one on the ottoman, the push and pull of moving in tandem with Carlisle working perfectly. Carlisle throws his head back, and I'm thinking he's about to blow. I rub my thumb over Bella's clit, listening to the sounds of our skin slapping as I pound deeper into her body. I can see her full throat as he moves in and out of her mouth, and her hands are still fondling him. Carlisle lets her legs go to roll her nipples in his fingers, and she moans so loud around him that I think we're all going to come at the same time. And that's exactly what happens. Her pussy tightens around my cock, and my hips falter in their movement before spurting inside her in the most intense orgasm I've ever had. I see Carlisle flex his hips in Bella's direction before stilling inside her. His hands are gripping her tits as he grunts, and she's making all kinds of sounds as she convulses. He pulls out of her and she gasps before screaming her pleasure at the pressure I'm still putting on her clit. Carlisle kneels again and pulls the restraints from her wrists before removing the blindfold. I haven't quite been able to bring myself to pull out of Bella's heat, and as she lowers her legs she sits up to rest her cheek against my pounding heart. I finally pull out and kneel, holding her to me and telling her over and over how much I love her. "That was easily the sexiest you've ever been, Bella. I love you so much." I rub her wrists and arms to make sure she has feeling in them. She smiles softly up at me. "That was exactly what I've always wanted. Thank you, my love." It isn't until Carlisle comes back from the bathroom fully dressed that I realize he left in the first place. He runs a hand through his hair as he looks down at us still on the ottoman. "You two should stay the night, utilize the bed," he smirks. "It's available until ten in the morning." He looks over our heads for a second, and nobody speaks. It's Carlisle who breaks the silence. "If you ever want to get together again, you let me know. Otherwise, I'll see you Monday morning, Edward." "Good night, Carlisle, and thank you," Bella says quietly. I give him a salute and he laughs as he strides out the door. I turn to Bella. "You know, Carlisle has taught me so much at work, who knew he could teach us how to add so much spice to our sex lives?" "I don't know, sir, but consider it lessons learned. Sir ." This is not my usual style, so I hope you enjoyed it!