a drink." "Me too." A throat clears from across the table, and I look at my friend. "Bells, we're"—she motions between her and Emmett—"gonna get out of here and go home, so Emmett can show me his new ... screwdriver." Damn, she or he works fast, and so much for her protecting me from strangers. "Okay." The word slowly leaves my lips. I'm comfortable knowing that Edward isn't going to kidnap me, considering his gimp leg and all, plus I can tell he's not that sort of guy. "I'll meet you at home later?" She looks at me as she scoots out of the booth. "Yeah, sure." Emmett pipes up. "Give my boy a ride home?" "Oh, yeah, of course." I watch as my best friend walks out the door with what I'm assuming is her new man. "So, this has been fun, so far." Edward taps his finger nervously on the tabletop, and I'm glad he's feeling the same way as I am. "I'm happy it's really you who tried to save that cross-dresser." "Cross-dresser?" "Oh, you didn't know?" He shakes his head. "When I came to in the ambulance, they congratulated me on trying to save the old lady." I scrunch my face while I deliver the news. "She was actually a he." Edward puts his face into his hands, and I touch his arm in hopes he will look at me. "It was incredibly hot, what you did." "Really?" He lowers his hands from his face, looking at me. Our eyes connect. His eyes are glassy and droopy but still somehow sexy, and I can't explain what it is or if he's on some really great drugs for pain, but I want to lean over and kiss him. However, I don't do that on the first date, if you can even call this one. I put my hand on his chest. "I, um, I have something for you." Edward closes his eyes, puckers and leans my way. "No, I mean—" I clear my throat. "I have your messenger bag." "Oh, shoot, I'm … I'm sorry. I shouldn't … shouldn't have assumed you wanted a … a kiss. Crap." The scratches on his face blend into the cherry-red of his embarrassment when he stutters. "No, no, it's fine." I don't know what comes over me, but I'm bold; I'm a woman on a mission. I channel Rose; I'm taking things into my own hands. I slide my fingers around Edward's neck, ignoring the grimace on his face as I do so, and pull us together. My lips are hungry; I lick them to ready us for our kiss, the first kiss with my Nerdman, and then … "Can I take your order?" the waitress asks. She's standing at our table with a huge flowery name badge attached to her ample bosom, tapping her pencil on a pad of paper. Fuck you Alice for interrupting! I don't release my grip on Edward's neck. "Two large chai tea lattes to go," I answer impatiently, annoyed at the petite pink-haired girl chomping on a piece of gum. "Be right back." She smiles and then blows a huge bubble. "Where were we?" I say. Edward's eyes are hooded and his smile is lazy, and I still wonder if it's his pain meds or if he's actually as turned on as I am. "We … we were … here." His voice is low and husky, sexy. His arm snakes around my waist, pulling me to him. Our lips meet, and he's timid, but I'm not. I press my lips firmly to his, and his tongue tastes me as I taste him, then it's over as quickly as it started. "That was nice." "You're nice," he says. "Rose told Emmett you even placed a Craigslist ad to find me." I shrug and mumble into his shirt, "Uh, yeah, I did. I knew it was a long shot, but I really wanted to find you ... Edward." He sighs and squeezes me tight. Alice, once again, interrupts us as she sets our drinks on the table. Edward reaches into his wallet and pulls out a twenty with one hand while keeping the other firmly on my waist. "Keep the change." He hands me my drink. "Wanna get out of here?" And I do. I want to get out of here and spend the rest of the day with him. "Absolutely. Let's go." I lean in and kiss his smiling cheek. "Bella, wait. Before we leave, can I have my messenger bag, please?" I nod and pass it to him, only to watch him open it and bring out an iPad. I give him a questioning look as he turns it on and brings up a browser. He then turns back to me. "I have a Craigslist ad to answer, remember?" "Oh, yeah? I help him find the ad and watch as his grin widens while he reads what I posted. He turns the iPad toward me and taps the screen. "I need to answer where I was Friday around five o'clock. Or does it matter?" His fingers skim down the length of my arm and intertwine with mine. "Not really." He looks serious, pushing his glasses up his nose in a nerdish kind of a way. It's damn cute. "Well, that's good news, Bella, because just so you know, I love being your Nerdman." "Good, then you can retire your roundhouse kicks, and be my own personal Superhero." The End. Nerdman's thoughts: Now to pay Jasper. a.k.a. the cross-dresser. Damn, he did a good job—too good since he beat the pants off me — guess he took his first paid stunt job a little too seriously, maybe too many roids. But, oh well, no pain, no gain! Mission accomplished! Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x