stepford makeover?" "No, not at all." "Really." "Yes, really. And if you weren't so hard-headed you'd have realized long ago that I'm interested in the shop for the exact opposite reason." "What do you mean?" "There's no uniformity. It's rich in character. Your form-fitting shirts included." Gesturing to my person, he seems flustered but recovers quickly. "Tell me, Isabella. Do you have insurance?" "No." "Well, do you want it?" I perk up at the possibility of an affordable health plan. "Keep talking." "As it stands now, Ms. Clearwater is unable to afford most of your salaries. That will all change when I take over. Not only will everyone be able to stay on staff, they'll have medical, dental, vision. There will even be paid leave for illness or injury." Paid leave and insurance? Am I drooling? I do a quick shoulder check just to make sure. "Within reason, of course," he makes sure to add, and I gesture to agree. Like, of course. "Everyone starts with a week's worth of vacation time. Tell you what." Placing one hand on his hip, he points the other toward me. "Join me for dinner later this evening and I'll make it two." I squint at him. "Didn't I already warn you about the sexual harassment thing?" "You did." "Okay, so ..." "So, I don't care." "Wait. You don't care that I could potentially sue you for all you've got, buy the shop myself and then have you deported back across the pond to jolly old England?" My attempt at an accent fails. "Just how much money do you have that you think you can buy me, huh? Do I look like I'm for sale? Is there a barcode on my head that only ridiculously rich douchenozzles can see?" I don't give him time to answer before taking off past him and back the way I came. He reaches out, and I jerk my arm away. "Do me a favor and don't touch me. Ever." "Isabella." "Consider this my two weeks notice." I ignore his disapproving plea and press on, disappearing into the crowd. For all I know, he doesn't follow, which is for the best. At least for him, anyway. I just recently purchased a new pepper spray. ... It's weird not seeing Sue in her office or Seth at the other end of the counter. They say they'll still stay in touch, but it won't be the same. The Upper East side might as well be a million miles away. "Tell me you're not still angry with me." Chin in my hand, I refuse to look up. "Who said I was angry?" "Nobody had to say it, Isabella." "I'm not angry." "Then why not allow me to drive you home?" He's been asking me that every day for the past two weeks, and every day I give him a different answer. I'm not going home. I have a ride. I don't want you to know where I live, stalker. You name it, I've used it as an excuse. "I don't like that suit." "This suit?" he asks, and I look up high enough to see him pat the front of his jacket. "Yeah. It's too business. And I'm more of a casual kind of girl." Obviously. Just look at my shirt. I'm surprised when he walks away without another word. It's the easiest I've gotten rid of him the past two weeks. The rest of my night goes a little too fast for my liking since I've stuck to my guns and start the new job on Monday at the bakery across the street from me. It has insurance, great hours and, best of all, no more five-day-a-week subway rides. Who knows, maybe I'll be able to start making my rent on time. Wiping off the last table, I look over my shoulder when the doorbell jingles. "We're closed, ya know?" I say, pointing to the CLOSED sign. "I know the owner." I huff a laugh. "Yeah, me too. Real douchenozzle, isn't he?" "The worst." Straightening, I turn over a chair then stare at him for a moment before crossing the room. I start at the Converse on his feet, working my way up the pair of dark jeans to settle on his shirt. "Is that …?" Grabbing the flaps of his blazer, I rip them open to reveal a corporate dick. "Is this penis wearing a tie? And lookit, he's even got a cell phone stuck to the side of his head. Aww ..." Admiring the busy phallus, I don't realize I've taken a step closer to him until I smell his cologne. "So, is this casual enough for you?" he asks in that accent of his. Internally sighing, I pat down the flaps of his blazer, flattered by how hard he's trying. "It's a start. But we've still got a long way to go." "Does that mean you're finally going to let me drive you home?" he asks, and I look up at him for the first time in two weeks. It's hard not to feel responsible for the dark circles under his eyes. "Only if you feed me first." Flipping the lights off, I interlock our arms to lead him out the doors. "You know, I just realized I never told you my name," he says as we walk in synchronized steps down West Broadway. "Oh, no. I know your name. Called it from the very first moment we met, Douchenozzle. Don't you remember?" "Ah, how could I forget?" His smile warms me quicker than the breeze blowing against our backs. Loosening my grip on his arm, I take his hand, letting the street lights lead the way to who knows where. But seriously though, it better be somewhere to get some food. Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x