you any way. She was right, I had a new body and the clothes wouldn't fit me. I sat in silence all the way home and ran in to see Edward but he wasn't there. I then remembered that he left to go hunting. Alice put the clothes in my room and gave me a bag. Put this on when we leave and go lay in Edwards's bed and read a book or something. The family gave me hugs good buys and left. I ran to the bathroom and changed. Alice got me and very sexy bra and underwires that matched and gave me some butte shorts and a tiny tank top to go with it. I turned to the merrier and I looked sexy. I then ran to Edwards room picking a random book of the shelf and sat there reading it, 1 minute later Edward came in the house calling my name. In here Edward, I said as I pretended to read the book in my hand. He ran in and froze, I pretended I didn't notes him and keeped my eyes on the book. His eyes were wide open as he looked at my body. Something happen that I thought never would. He marched right up to me and grabbed me off the bed. Edward what are- . before I could finnish he kissed me and pulled me closer to his body. He layed me on the bed and ripped his shirt off, he then beggen to pull of my cloths but keep my bra and underwair on. When he was done kissing me, he looked down and saw my body, he backed up now on his knees still on the bed looking at me still lying on the bed. Then I herd words I thought Edward would never say. Fuck it, I cant help it! My eyes were wide open and he got on top of me and held my rists down with his hands. His pants were of in a half a second and was just wereing his black boxers. I looked down to she the big bulge from his boxers. It looked like it was going to rip his boxers open. My mouth made and "o" shape and he let go of my rist and put them on my breasts and started to kiss me. He started to sqeeze them and I let out a moen. That only made the bulge bigger because I could feel it against my stomic. I remembered what Alice said about him not stopping even for me, I kind on wanted to test that theory. Edward. I let out in a sexy voice, smiled to. Uhm he said kissing my neck. Stop. I still said in a sexy voice still smiling. He froze, I still couldn't see his face but then he spoke. Never! He growled and pulled my bra and underwaer right off. I was completely shocked, in a way Alice did say he was going to do this but it aculy happen. I was now naked under him and he held my body to him. He ripped his boxers of when he ripped my clothes off and now we were both naked, pressed against each other. I could feel his hard, throbbing cock against my thie. I slid my hand down and touched it because I wanted to get an idea of how big it was because I couldn't see it. He moend when I bearly touched it and I pulled my hand away thinking I wasn't supposed to do that, but then he grabbed my rist and puched it back down and made me grab it. He breathed really loud and started to move my hand up and down his shafed. He started grunting loudly as he pushed my hand to go faster. He let go of my hand and I keep doing the movement. He started bucking in my hand. he was being pretty rough for a first time but it does not matter because he can not hurt me any more. he bucked harder and harder, he was moaning so loud that if there were anyone her, they would defiantly her us. i could tell he was building up, and right when he was so close he stopped me. i looked at him confused, why in the hell would he stop me now! bella, if i am going to come i want it to be inside you! i was so wet when he said that. he slowly brought it down to my opening and looked at me for what looked like permission. i nodded my head knowing even if i did he would probaly still do it. he slowly pushed it in and i let out a whimper while Edward had his eyes closed and trying his best not to just slam me. when he was all the way in me, he opened his eyes and said, " i love you". i smiled and said i loved him to. we where perfect together, we moved at the same rhythm and at the same tempo, when he got faster, he got harder! i started to tear at the sheets and he was destroying the pillows! he was bucking into he harder and harder, i cold tell he was close, i could feel it inside of me starting to build up to. EDWARD! i scream, so close. he push harder and harder. BELLA! he came inside of me and right after he did i did to, it was like a wave that pushed over me and filed me with relief. when he was done he dropped next to me, out of breath. we where both panting even we didn't need to. thank you, he said with a joyful voice. i smiled and we both laid there for what seemed like forever. I never felt this happy in my life! my life felt like a hole again and even more! and it only just began! THE END!