snorted, "Pixie, you better back the fuck up unless ya wanna be runin' 'round here without a head. 'Cause Ares is about to kill ya fer threatening his mate and yer failin' marriage ain't gonna stop 'im." The Ares stood up and we all fell to the ground, the fear he was sending out was crippling to say the least. I pushed myself up to my knees and he turned to me with snarl as the little bit of a human that was his mate cried into his chest, saving me from my death. He instantly turned away from us, sheltering her as he cooed to her wordlessly. Her cries turned to whimpers then into nothing. He turned back to us, slightly calmer. Ares scanned the assembly of vampires for a threat and I stepped forward with my eyes down and my neck bared. "Ares," I said formally, "we should take your mate somewhere safer while she changes. May I suggest the Cullen house, where Jasper is staying? You can keep her in his room." His black eyes that so many had looked into as they died turned to me. I literally stared down the beast until he nodded his assent. I cast a look toward the people who actually lived in the house before pulling Charlotte up behind me and taking off. I knew to run at a rather slow pace so I wouldn't invoke the God of War's hunting instincts. Even though he was slightly less volatile with his mate in his arms he was still Ares. You need to tread carefully around him. No matter than situation. We reached the Cullen house and Ares immediately shot up into Jasper's room without so much as a look back at us. I knew that Jasper wouldn't be back until his mate was feed and claimed. I just hope for the girl's sake that Ares doesn't claim her himself. I don't even want to imagine Char being claimed by my beast and I'm ten times less threatening than Ares is. Doctor Fang walked out with his wife at his side with a welcoming but confused smile, "You must me Peter and Charlotte! Jasper has told us so little about you. I'm excited to finally meet you! I hope you can shed some light on why Jasper just ran through the house with a human girl changing in his arms." "Well, Doc," I smirked, "for one that's not Jasper. That's his beast, otherwise known as the God of War. And the girl in his arms is his mate. I believe her name is Isabelle or Isabella?" The mind reader, Edwin, spoke up, "It's Isabella. How do you know her name?" As the seer screeched, "He's my mate!' We all ignored her. I looked at Eddie with a leer, "The same way I know you would have attacked her the second you saw her in bio, Eddie." They all gasped and the Doc's wife practically cried, "Edward!" Eddie looked like he wanted to crawl under a rock and die, "She's-She's my singer, Esme." Doc nodded his head, "You did a good job resisting her, son. You know how hard it was for Emmett." The big one nodded his head, "Yeah, it was like I wasn't even me anymore. I just…just went for it." I nodded; I remember when I meet my singer. She didn't live longer than a few second after a met her and that was while I was drinking her. I wrapped my arm around Charlotte and tugged her to me, for both my comfort and hers. I know how she is around strangers. That's why she doesn't have many friends. I hope her and Isabella will be friends so the Major come around us more. I miss my brother. The seer stomped her foot like a child, "You're not listening to me! She's not his mate, I am! I should go up there and kil-" Charlotte was on the pixie before she could even think. My girl ended up on top straddling that stick of a girl with her hand over her mouth. "Do you want to die," Char hissed. "Ares will come down here and end your pathetic existence faster than you can think. Don't mention killing his mate. Ever !" The pixie didn't move so Char climbed off her slowly before returning to my side. I pulled her in front of me to hide my boner. I loved it when she fought. It's just like when she's in bed. Feisty. And it makes me hard as all hell. She pushed back against my boner and I held in a moan. She looked back at me with a smirk and I looked back at the Cullen's who were now in a deep discussion about how to deal with faking the girl's death. I grabbed Char's hand and gave her the look . She instantly ran outside with me running after her. The Major can wait. She girl needs some attention. And Whitlock men don't leave their girls hangin'. After Char and I had taken care of business we returned to the Cullen house. I knew that we had been gone slightly longer than anticipated but we weren't late so I didn't see any problem. " Where have you been ," the pixie practically screeched at us as soon as we walked into the house. I rolled my eyes, "Don't you already know that?" She sneered at me, "Yes. But the girl's going to wake up any second now! You almost missed it!" No sooner than she said it did we hear a thump and a low growl. We now officially had a newborn to take care of. AN-This is my first JB fanfic so be gentle. JB's are my favorite pairing so thought it was about time for me to participate. I'm sorry for skipping out on my other PB one but I had lost the fire for it. So please review and, again, be gentle with me.