tears she did not want to shed. Though she left the decision to her daughter, Bella knew what she wanted Elia to choose. Bella leaned back slightly, using her body language to show Elia that she could make the decision. There was only a slight pause before Elia moved slowly away from her mother toward Edward. Edward knelt down slowly as the little girl approached, her gait speeding up from a slow walk to a speed walk then to a flat out run. Elizabeth ran to Edward, and he opened his arms for her instinctively as she ran into his embrace. He stood up with her in his arms, hugging her securely. "Daddy," she said. Edward's smile was radiant and he would be crying if he could and he held his daughter close. Bella had stood up as Elia had run to Edward and, arms crossed over herself, she made her way to them, tears glistening on her face. She was within earshot when Elia leaned back slightly in Edward's arms, looking into her father's face fully. "Where'd you go, Daddy?" she asked, her eyes and face sad. Edward's heart broke at her sadness. "I had to go away for a little while, sweetie. But I'm back," he assured her. "You promise?" She asked. Edward smiled and held her close again, kissing her forehead. "I promise, baby girl. I'm not going anywhere ever again," he swore to her. Bella's face was a mess by the time she reached them. Edward reached out to her as she reached out for him, pulling his love to him securely while keeping Elia in his other arm. He leaned down and brushed her lips, and she kissed him in return. Bella laid her head on his shoulder, tears glistening on her cheeks. Elia's tiny hands and arms were wrapped around Edward's neck and she turned to look at her mother. "Daddy's here, Mommy," she told her. Bella laughed gently, touching her lips to her daughter's cheek. "Yes, baby, I know," Bella responded, laying her head on Edward's shoulder as Elia buried her face into Edward's neck. Elia turned her head into Edward's collarbone and took one of her hands and laid it on his throat. Edward gasped quietly and Bella made to take Elia if his grip loosened. It didn't though and Edward stared unseeing as Elia shared all the stories her mother had told her about him. It took a long time before she was finished. When she removed her hand from his skin and replace it around his neck, he blinked and looked down at Bella. "You're too good to me, love," he said. Bella smiled tiredly, leaning up to kiss his lips again delicately. By now, the rest of the family had convened on the trio. Esme hugged Bella gently, placing a hand on her cheek. "Sweetheart, you've grown too thin. We need to get you back to a healthy weight," she chided halfheartedly. Bella smiled and hugged her back. Carlisle was next, reiterating her poor health. Bella blushed delicately at their concern. As Alice engulfed Bella in a hug, they turned toward Elia, who was watching curiously. She leaned out of Edward's arms toward Esme. "Grandma," she said purposely and Esme, shocked, took her from Edward. Elia hugged her, playing gently with a lock of her hair while nuzzling into her shirt. "Hi, sweetie," Esme murmured, kissing Elia's temple delicately, her eyes on the verge of tears. Elia again deliberately placed her hand on Esme's throat and the memories followed suit. Esme held her for a moment afterward before Elia sat up and reached for Carlisle this time. "Grandpa," she said. He took her easily and Elia repeated the process. However, after she was done, she looked up at her grandfather. "You make Mommy better?" she asked curiosuly. Carlisle, like Edward, melted under her gaze. Carlisle looked toward Bella, who was wrapped in a soft blanket and in Alice's embrace, watching the exchanges with teary eyes. Carlisle looked back to his baby granddaughter, assuring her the he would. Elia, satisfied with his answer, hugged him again. The process continued, Elia reaching out to every family member: first Alice, then Rosalie, then Emmett, then Jasper. Emmett was terrified to hold her, fearing his strength; Elia was unafraid and, upon him holding her, showed him her memories of Bella calling him a teddy bear. By the time she was done, Emmett was relaxed and smitten with his little niece. Jasper was cautious and would not take her at first. Bella stepped in, taking Elia from Emmett and stepping toward Jasper. "Jasper, I never blamed you for that night. Please," Bella said, offering Elia to him, "It would make both of us happy." Hesitantly, Jasper complied. Elia's memories had an instantaneous effect on him and he held her securely, tickling her delicately and smiling as she giggled. Eventually though, Jasper transferred Elia back into her father's arms, who took her happily. Elia yawned gently and laid her head on Edward's shoulder, her arms around his neck. Within minutes, she was fast asleep. Everyone took that as their clue to head back and get the cars to go home. Bella made to pack up the beach chair as Edward rocked Elia gently. Taking the beach chair from her, Edward kissed Bella's temple. "I love you," he whispered. "As I love you," Bella responded, touching her lips to his sweetly as they made toward the Mercedes as their daughter slept contentedly in her father's arms. Hey everyone! So I'm working on chapters for Neverland and Secret , it's just taking bit longer than expected! I'm also working on the last Outtake for Miracle of Love, Part 1 of the birth in Edward's perspective! So I thought I'd give you this oneshot just for because; the idea has been in my head for a while I wanted to share it! :) Love you all! Stay tuned; chapters are in the near future, I promise! ~Melinda :)