way Edward's going to. The look Emmett gives him let's him know all is forgiven. "Hey, look, man. It's okay. Everybody freaks out their first time. I did. Tyler did. Even creepy, old Waylon." Waylon?! What the hell does he do? Go around inviting everybody to these parties? Jesus. "His wife's surprisingly hot, by the way. Don't know what she sees in him. Can't be the goatee. And he's got this weird birth mark on the tip of his-" "Enough!" Edward shouts. He doesn't want to picture whatever it is on the tip of Waylon's anything. Having to look him in the eye when he next hands Edward his mail will already be hard enough. What if he had shown up at that party? What could he have not unseen? The bathroom door opens and the boys act as if they're washing their hands before heading back into the confines of their cubicles. Edward tries not to think about what lurks just under Waylon's clothes and instead focuses his thoughts on the girl who he's probably ruined any sort of future interaction with. He wonders if she's seeing someone. If she'd consider seeing him. If she thinks about him. If she's thinking about him at the same time he's thinking about her. Which is all the time. He's still thinking about her, potato salad in hand, as he heads into Emmett and Rose's clothing-mandatory barbecue the following weekend. The heat is heavy. Almost a hundred percent humidity and Edward's sweating in all the wrong places. Some he didn't even know he had when he catches a glimpse of brown hair tied up high in a messy bun. As the crowd starts to part, he can see the strap of her dress and the sun hits a bead of sweat rolling down the side of her neck. His first instinct is to lick it. But that would be inappropriate. More inappropriate than knocking on the poor woman's door and assuming she wanted to shove dice up your ass? Wiping the sweat from his brow, Edward heads further into the crowd, his eyes on the bowl in his hands. He's involuntarily dancing from side to side, bobbing and weaving to miss the feet that periodically come into view when he bumps into a table, and startling the brunette beside him. "Oh, hey. It's you!" Please don't mention the other night. Please have forgotten about the dice. Please. "Edward, right?" Setting his dish down on the table, he nods. "You left in a pretty big hurry the other night. The girls were really disappointed." Were you disappointed? "I have to admit you made an impression." Edward's heart flies then falls. "Ever since we met, I haven't been able to look at dice quite the same." Squinting out the sun, Bella smiles up at him and he can't help but smile back down. A huff of laughter rushes out of his lungs. They burn as he looks away. "I was hoping you had forgotten about that." "Never." "Right. So I guess it'd be asking too much if you never brought it up again?" Edward looks down at her, pleading. "Oh, yeah. Definitely. That would be impossible." Her amusement makes his discomfort bearable, almost worth it. That smile shines brighter than the hot, summer sun that's beating down on them. Edward suddenly feels the heat again when somebody bumps into Bella causing her to bump into him. They share a look before she passes him a paper plate. "Mine's the mystery dish on the end there. So, steer clear." Once they've piled food on their plates, they squeeze in on the tree hugger, sitting hip to hip. Face in his food, Edward notices how cute her feet look in her flip flops. Bella notices the ankle socks sticking out from under Edwards sandals, surprised to find that what she would have made fun of before she now finds endearing. Looking up at his profile, she wonders if he made it over to Rose and Emmett's kink fest. She kind of hopes he didn't and doesn't ever want to. If he wants to be kinky, she can be kinky. Like that one time with Jake and the banana peel. "What?" Edward asks, making her jump. If it weren't already for the flush from the relentless heat, she probably would have blushed. "Nothing." Looking down at her plate, Bella pokes at her food. Edward glances over to watch her, wondering why she was staring at him. Did he eat funny? Was there something on his face? Edward wipes his mouth just in case there is. "Jeez. It's hot, isn't it?" Bella fans herself then uncrosses and recrosses her legs. Edward takes the opportunity to glance at them. "Yeah." He clears his throat. "It's pretty hot." "Good weather for staying inside." Edward agrees with a nod. "So, you doing anything after?" Bella asks, taking a bite out her hot dog. Edward stares dumbly as she wipes the ketchup from the corner of her mouth then licks her finger. He remembers she's asked him something when she looks back up. "Uh, no. Nothing. You?" "Nah." She shrugs, swatting a fly off her shoulder. "You want to?" she asks, and Edward nearly chokes on his potato salad. "Uh, yeah. Okay." "Awesome." Distracted, Bella waves to someone across the yard. "So, why don't you stop by later?" Standing, Bella nudges him with her knee. "We can play Bunco. I'll teach you the correct use for the dice." Smiling, Edward shakes his head and looks up at her. "I thought you said Bunco was more of a group thing." "I did." "But you wanna play. Just you and me?" "I do." Backing away, Bella smirks. "My house. Eight o'clock," she says before disappearing into the crowd. Please remember to leave the author some love. If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it could lead to disqualification. Thank you, and happy reading. x