I can see her passion for life. She talks a lot about art. How she wants to take art classes this summer. Maybe still life. We've eaten and talked, and everything feels so comfortable. It seems like I've known her for more than fourteen hours. She isn't just a beautiful girl anymore. She is a beautiful, vibrant girl that I want to know. We decide to take a walk on the beach. She tells me she collects seashells to make picture frames that her mom sells in the hotel gift shop. We've been walking for about five minutes when she suddenly stops and looks up at me. I feel like she's looking into my soul. She smiles, picks up a shell, and holds it out to me. "It matches your eyes. Keep it." She says, taking my hand and placing the seashell in my palm. I put the shell in my pocket, and in a swift move, I take her hand in mine. She looks up at me and smiles. It tells me she's okay with this. We walk along the water, and she asks me how I like it here so far. "Well, I use to come every summer. I've missed it, that's for sure," I tell her. She keeps my hand in hers but walks slightly ahead. Suddenly she turns and walks backwards facing me. There are planes overhead advertising parties at local bars, dinner specials, drink specials, and parasailing. She stops when I look up to read the newest banner in the sky. I keep walking though, and my arm slips around her small waist and I hold her against my chest. I comment on the dollar drink specials. "I guess I should go there tonight then, instead of Keenan's," she shrugs. "I think Keenan's is having an Isabella special tonight. Free drinks for captivating the bartender," I tell her. "Is that so?" she asks. "Yeah, but it's one night only, no rain checks," I tell her. "Huh, well that's a hard special for a struggling college student to ignore," she says. We start heading back to her blanket. There is a vendor nearby selling ice cream, and I buy Bella a strawberry shortcake ice cream bar. She gets a little on the corner of her mouth and I wipe it away with my thumb. I lick the little bit off my thumb. She doesn't sit down, but instead pulls the blanket off the ground and hands it to me. "I hate when it gets crowded," she tells me. The beach is packed. Kids are running around, and mom's are trying to control them. I follow her under the boardwalk, spread the blanket out, and motion for her to sit down. She sits crossed legged on the brown blanket licking the last of the strawberry ice cream off the wooden stick. I am jealous of the stick. She must have noticed me staring. "You want to kiss me, Edward?" she asks. "Why would you think that?" I retort. "Uh, let's see, you followed me out of the bar, you stalked me onto the beach, and you just watched me eat my ice cream like it was the last coke in the desert," she says. She comes up on her knees and moves toward me on them. "All I've been thinking about is kissing you since I met you. What's your point?" I ask her. "So, kiss me," she challenges in a hushed voice. I feel like a teenager. I have kissed plenty of girls. I don't know why I feel the need to wipe my palms off on my board shorts, but I do. It feels like slow motion as she leans into me. Her hand grasps the back of my head and her fingers weave into the hair at the base of my neck. She has a confident grip. She is in charge of this kiss, and I like it. Her mouth meets mine, already slightly open, and her tongue darts out. She pulls it back quickly and I let mine dart into her mouth. We go back and forth like this. I am too overwhelmed to move my hands, so they stay planted on my thighs as she controls the kiss. I am afraid of what I will do if I touch her stomach. I might not be able to remove myself from her. She stops the kiss. I feel a loss. "Wasn't so hard was it?" she asks, going back to her spot. It was nice to not have a beach full of spectators. This spot feels special with its peek-a-boo rays of sunlight shining through the boards, the faraway sounds of the people on the beach, and the waves crashing in the distance. All these things were happening around us, but here, under the boardwalk, we were alone. It was ours. "It was decent," I smirk at her. She rolls her eyes. I move closer to her. She starts to read again and I rest my chin on her shoulder.I let my fingers graze her sides, and she glances up at me. I peck her lips. I wink. She blushes. I steal kisses and touches the rest of the afternoon, but all too soon I have to get ready to go to work for my six o'clock shift. "Will I see you later for the Isabella special?" I ask her. "I hear the bartender makes a mean drink." "Maybe. I might have a few more stalkers to see tonight," she tells me. I lift her chin with my finger and kiss her one last time. "See you later, Izzy," I tell her, confident she will walk into the bar tonight. "If you're lucky," she calls out. I can only hope. We hope to update every week. We appreciate any word of mouth recs and reviews. This is going to be an awesome ride! So I hope you all hold on tight! Teasers for reviews, we are shameless like that! HAHA! Next update, soon.