swift descent to the living room. I followed the sounds to Alice in the kitchen. She'd made a full breakfast spread and way too much cocoa. Alice smiled as I walked in and I laughed as she swooped her hand in front of the spread. I moved to hug her, "Really, thank you. You're doing way too much for me, I don't know how I'll ever repay you." She clung to me tightly, and when I pulled away I saw her eyes rimmed with venom. "You could start by learning how to properly use the closet!" I looked down at my jeans, shirt and sweater and wondered if I did something wrong. "Did I miss something?" "Yes, the designers and the silk! Those drawers of regular clothes were put in per Rosalie's insistence that you might not be as crazy about fashion as me. But you can repay me by proving her wrong!" I laughed at her pout and told her I'd make an effort if it made her happy. She told me she'd show me more about the closet before school started up again in two weeks. Dad had mentioned to me that I'd need to start school like the rest of the Cullens did to keep up appearances. They were attending the local community college, and I was ecstatic to be in one place long enough to actually enroll in regular classes. I'd never been able to receive a formal education with all our moving around. The food Alice made was amazing, and as she was asking me what the cocoa tasted like, the back door opened and the rest of the Cullens came in and took their seats at the dining table. Dad kissed my head, "Morning, Bells. Sleep alright?" "Yes, the bed was so comfortable. Thank you all so much, my room is beautiful. Esme, you have such good taste." "Well thank you, Bella, we had so much fun decorating for you. I had a little help from Alice, even when she doesn't see the future, she's still great at predicting." Dad asked me to take a walk outside, and I ran upstairs to find a long warm coat and gloves in my closet. Outside, we followed a small trail towards the lake. "So, Bells, I know I said I'd be here a few days, but I spoke to the Cullens last night and if you're okay, I think it's best if I leave tonight. I'm not going to fly out near here, I'll drive the car back a ways, and then run to an airport probably somewhere in central Canada. I'd rather not have them trace the flight or car back close to you." I thought I'd have a little more time with my dad. We'd never spent so much as an entire day apart in my whole life. Now, he was going to leave so suddenly, and I don't know when I'd see him again. When we first saw the letter I told my father it'd just be better if I came with him. He insisted I stay hidden away from the human-drinking leaders of our world in case they wanted to keep me for some unethical testing and prodding. He didn't want me as their guinea pig. In his discoveries and research he'd found evidence of other hybrids like me—though there were only two he could confirm, both male, and both from South America. I'd be the first female, and who knows what Aro might have in store. His power kept his mind safe, but because mine was malleable he was afraid Aro would be able to read mine. He also wasn't sure how safe I'd be in their castle, considering blood still pulsed in my veins. Charlie said that he'd answer all their questions about me and hopefully dissuade their curiosity by stating I was exactly similar to the two South American hybrids that they knew about already. I truly hoped his plan would work. Tears escaped as my father detailed bank information, access to our cars and the storage units, which held our few possessions and some of mom's old things. He told me to be polite to the Cullens and not be too stubborn. He said it was okay to take my time letting them into my heart, but to be happy and not worry about him. Time moves slowly for the Volturi, so although Charlie may be in a rush to head back from Italy, the leaders would take their time with him. He told me not to expect him, at the very least, before next year this time. If it's been more than a year he said he might try to send correspondence to our P.O. Box in Maine or Washington State, but not to check it unnecessarily often, for risk of being caught. We moved back towards the house as my ears and toes began to feel numb. Charlie asked if I wanted to hunt, but I shook my head. I really only hunted when absolutely necessary (about once a month), I didn't enjoy it much and preferred the variety in human food. Everyone was waiting in the living room for us, and Alice had the tea and fire ready for me. I moved to sit next to her by the fire. She must have noticed the tears in my eyes, because she slung her arm around me. Esme came and sat next to me as well. I noticed the sad smiles on everyone's face as they looked at me. Dad expressed his gratitude a thousand times and thanked them for their advice on his prompt departure to the Volturi. In what seemed like a few minutes he was standing up to leave. We hugged and he kissed the top of my head. "Stay safe, Bells. It's the only thing your mother made me promise, and I could never bear to live if anything happened to you." Thank you for reading! Let me know what you think.