reached up to touch his head he tried to catch her wrist, sudden paranoia creeping up on him, but missed and flailed for hold on the tree. Her hand was cool against his head and she sucked in a sharp breathe before hastily removing her hand."You have a really high fever. You're hotter than Jake" she said worriedly, biting her lip and eyeing his hulking form. His drugged mind found that funny. "Of course I'm hotter then baby alpha I'm a man kitten" he answered, staring at her. She frowned, confused before blushing. "You are really sick, I'm going to call Sam okay?" she replied, speaking to him in a gentle tone. She turned and this time he managed to grab her wrist. The contact settles heavily with him. The physical reaction shocking him, he wondered if the drugs played a part or if it was simply the imprint. "No" he said resolutely. She half faced him now and her face shone with concern. "What happened? You are sweating buckets and I'm really scared. Are you ok? I need Sam-"she ranted only to be cut off by a growl. She tried to take a reflexive step back but he pulled her close. He braced himself for the rush of pleasure he got from touching her last time and it helped, but having the top half of her body flush against him with his hand curled around her wrist possessively was much more intense. She gasped, nothing more then a quick intake of breath. "You don't need Sam. Don't say his name. All you need is me, you're mine" he explained, rubbing his nose down the graceful curve of her neck. "I don't know what's going on Paul. But I'll stay with you okay. So let's call Sam please?" she pleaded, looking at him earnestly and worriedly. He vaguely wondered just how much the imprint affected her. The mention of Sam had his wolf alert again. His teeth nipped her neck in reprimand and she yelped. She was completely still in his arms. "Don't beg for him. You have me, I'm not weak" he muttered into her shoulder. He could smell her fear now. It did not please him. "I won't hurt you" he whispered fiercely, remembering the stork and his father. "You are mine Bella, you are to me what Emily is to Sam. You are MY imprint. I can't stay away from you anymore", he added flashbacks in his head. She took a deep breath. "What does that mean" she whispered, her voice tight with fear. Not him. No never him. No fear. Please no fear. "I love you" he stated, it was a lie. It left a cold feeling in his stomach. The smell of fear went away and Paul was grateful, not him. She met his eyes and his desire sky rocketed."What do you need?" she asked slowly, taking a deep breath. "You" he answered and he knew this time it was the truth. His lips met hers then and nothing else mattered. As she lay beneath him on her bed, her trusting eyes met his and it hurt. But he had to do this, he wasn't him. He had to. He gently removed her t-shirt, his eyes immediately going to her small breasts. She was blushing and the smell of her fear was there again as she attempted to cross her arms. "I love you" he repeated, the lie tasting foul and she nodded, letting him pull her arms away. He kissed, licked and nipped her creamy breasts, feeling the hardness in his pants get painful. He sat up, struggling to pull his cut-offs off. She sat up too, so shy and embarrassed as she helped him. Her hands on his button had him hold his breath. He watched has her delicate, shaky little hands undid his button and unzipped his fly, moving to pull on the hem of his cut-offs. They came off easily, trapped around his thighs before he shifted kicking them off. Her hands were on him then and it was so much better then he fantasized. He didn't let her touch much, it had been too long and she felt so good. He pinned her once more and kissed her passionately his large hand going to her small brown boy shorts and pulling. He ripped then easily and the smell of her desire increased. The smell of her fear came back so he lied once more. He touched her gently, coaxing small moans from her throat. When they weren't enough he added his mouth, bringing her to pleasure and groaning at the taste of her in his mouth. He met her again in a fierce kiss, this one possessive, as he lined their bodies up. The fear was very strong now. "I love you Bella" he whispered in her ear, as he finally joined them as one. -' When he woke the next morning his head pounded, and his neck twisted painfully. The room was too bright and he rolled over. All that disorientation faded away when he was met with bare skin. He sucked in a quick breath his skin breaking out in goose bumps as he perused porcelain skin, dread filling his churning stomach. Her face was angelic. Long brown waves spread around her like a halo, the red more prominent then ever in the morning sun light. Her lips were slightly curled at the corners and her sweet breath brushed the top off his hair from where he looked up at her. Like a bomb the night came back to him. He remembered the party, drinking, taking the shrooms and the hallucination. He remembered every word said to him, and coming to her. He remembered the quiet worry and the fear. He remembered the lies. He remembered "You think you can be normal? Have a family maybe?" and most of all he remembered when he spilled his seed inside Bella so purposefully, without protection. He bolted from the bed.