decision, needing constant assurance of the necessity of their decision to the point where they secretly contacted someone they knew and put their lives in danger or got themselves killed. Isabella, however, had handed over her mobile phone and watched with a sort of detached fascination as he took it apart and discarded it at the nearest gas station. She hadn't said a word. He didn't know how to reassure a girl who had not questioned a single step of their plan. He'd been waiting for her to put up a fight, to ask to talk to Carlisle or refuse to cut off her hair. She'd done neither. "I'm sorry you didn't get to say good bye to your friends," he offered. She turned on her side, and there was a smile in her voice. "I did." "What?" "I left messages on their computers," she replied. "I know you know. You've been informed not to leave me alone with any technology in case I'm not as trustworthy as you've thought and use my hacking abilities to... make Carlisle's computer incapable of exiting a porn site." He paused, blinking. "I'm kidding, Edward." "I think it's easiest if you call me Anthony. Makes it more natural in social situations." "Okay," she replied, turning on her stomach but facing him. "Okay, Anthony. Tell me something about yourself, and I don't mean from that binder." "It's better if you don't know." "Better for who?" She sighed, wiping hair from her face. "Look, I'm pretty smart. Carlisle is one of the two people I trust with my life, and he handpicked you, which means you're probably pretty phenomenal. But a name can only do so much. I know that you know what happened to me. I know that you've seen that video footage. Now, it's your turn. Give me a reason to trust you." He paused, turning his face to see her. He could've given her a thousand believable lies, but with this girl, it felt wrong to lie. He wanted her to trust him. "What do you want to know?" "Simple things. The truth. Your age, where you went to school, how many fake wives you've had, you know, normal stuff. And don't tell me it's easier for me not to know." He couldn't make out much, but he could see her smile. "I'm thirty four." She made a face. "That's old." "Thanks," he replied. "I graduated from Temple University in Philadelphia with a BA in Criminal Justice. I have a younger half-sister and a mother, both in Scranton. No ex-wives to worry about, fake or otherwise." She hummed, and he thought she was going to tease him about being a commitment-phobe, but she didn't. "Isn't it riskier to pretend to be my whatever than it would be to hire someone random? You're clearly in the system." "No," he replied. "As far as the internet is concerned, that's been taken care of. Any result for any search engine will no longer associate my name with my face. All results will be for my name-sakes. And you are far too valuable to risk letting you spend the next months with just anyone, which is why I will be with you at all times until you testify." She didn't say anything for a long while, but when she did, her voice, for the first time, sounded vulnerable to him. "And after that?" "It's too early to tell." She fell silent. He didn't think of himself as an irrational man, but looking at her eyes gleaming in the darkness, desperate to trust him, he was overwhelmed by tenderness and the need to keep her safe. "Do you know why my brother wants me dead?" she whispered. "You agreed to witness against him." "No. Not really. I don't think it bothers him that much. My father, he—left everything to me, including his status as a drug lord. My brother is smart, but I'm smarter, and my father's employees would've been loyal to me if that had been what I'd chosen. It kills him that I'm an heiress to my father's shady throne." "And what do you think happens now?" "His followers will skin me alive once they find out, if they haven't already." "I'll never let that happen." He could see her teeth reflecting as she smiled, but said nothing. Edward checked the alarm on his phone before staring at the ceiling, clearing his head, knowing that Travis and Jasper were downstairs, keeping an eye out for them. They were safe to rest until the morning. "Edward?" Instead of correcting her, he hummed, and Isabella rested her head on her palm, facing him. A lamp outside illuminated her face; he felt like he'd never seen one as exhausted as hers. The shadows under her eyes made her appear older. She squinted, looking shy. "What is it?" he asked. "I… if I ask you something, will you promise not to laugh? Even if your answer is no." He blinked at her. "Of course." "After I… after my brother attempted to choke me, I've had trouble sleeping. I don't want to elaborate. But my roommate had a cousin over for two nights last weekend. She's four years old, she liked sleeping beside me, and holding my hand helped her sleep, but… it kind of helped me sleep, too, and—" Edward stretched out his arm between them, palm up, and she put her hand in his. It was warm. He squeezed it, and she let out a breath. "Thank you," she whispered, squeezing it back, closing her eyes. "Thank you." "Of course," he answered, turning to be more comfortable while holding her hand. It felt intimate. It shouldn't have, but he couldn't help it. "We have an alarm set for 4:30. Try and get some sleep. You're safe." This is a sample entry. As such, you cannot vote for this story. (You may, of course, still leave some love in the form of a review.) Thank you, and happy reading. x