brain wasn't trained to consider him as part of my everyday life. Or maybe I just took it for granted that the Chief of Police wouldn't ever get into trouble. Or maybe it was because I was used to everyone else having to rush to hospital because of me . I was rather accident, prone, after all. I'd got better as my childhood and teens were pushed further and further behind me, but I hadn't been completely absolved of clumsiness just yet. The bruise on my ass where I slipped this morning as I left the house was proof enough of that. With a deep breath, I turned the ignition key and readied myself to see just how "not serious" my dad's condition really was. As I entered the hospital car park, I saw the police cruiser there, with a huge dent in the passenger side. I winced in pity as I thought of the poor soul that had been sat there. Selfish as it may be, I hoped my dad had been the driver. A sense of urgency permeated the halls of the hospital as I entered. I had to wind my way through a myriad of people all rushing from place to place, until I reached the reception desk. I opened my mouth to speak, but, before I could, the nurse held a finger up to me, signalling for me to wait. The rudeness irritated me a little, but I tried to be objective. I knew nurses' lives weren't easy and she had a million things to get done. Eventually, she finished her call and looked at me, although there was no improvement in her grouchy demeanour. "Hi," I began, "I'm looking for Charlie Swan. He was brought in recently from a car crash." I was given a hasty set of directions and sent on my way. I managed to get lost only a couple of times, before finally walking through a set of double doors and seeing Charlie lying on a bed, talking with a doctor whose back was facing me. Charlie saw me and frowned, but I could tell he wasn't really very angry. "Dad!" I exclaimed happily, realising Officer Burt's reassurances had been justified. I paced over to the bed and my eyes gave him a quick once over, just to be sure. "Bella, what are you doing here?" he asked. "I got a call saying you were in a crash," I explained. Charlie rolled his eyes. "I told Burt to tell you not to worry," he complained. "I'm fine, just a bit bruised, is all." "Yeah, well I just wanted to make sure for myself. And, this way, I can drive you home." "Bell-" "No arguments!" I demanded. "As soon as you're done here, I'm taking you home and cooking some decent food." "That sounds like a good idea to me," said a clear, silken voice beside me. "This shouldn't take much longer." I turned and my gaze fell upon the most beautiful person I had ever seen in my entire life. I had to do a double take, not quite believing my eyes at first. Who was this? The doctor currently attending to Charlie was tall, with swept back flaxen hair and skin so pale, it almost matched the colour of his white coat. Luckily, the doctor was busy scribbling notes onto a clipboard so my blatant staring went unnoticed. I planned to avert my gaze as soon as he looked up, but I was ensnared once more as soon as I saw his eyes. They were the most unusually brilliant shade of amber and I felt myself drawn into them, like a diver falling into the sea. As soon as those orbs turned towards Charlie, it felt like a spell had been broken and I blinked several times to regain my equilibrium. "Well, Chief," the doctor said. "You have slight whiplash and some bruising of your ribs, but there are no signs of concussion or trauma, so I think you'll be just fine. Some painkillers and rest and you'll be back on your feet in no time." "Thanks, Carlisle," Charlie said, sitting up with a pained intake of breath. I helped to lever him upright, wincing at the pained expression on his face. The doctor-Carlisle-turned to me next and I had to keep my eyes away from his. I didn't want to embarrass myself by gawping at him again. "You must be Isabella," he said "Your father was just saying you've come back here from Phoenix. I hope the change in pace won't be too drastic for you." "The quiet'll do her some good," commented Charlie as he got to his feet. I kept a firm hold of his arm, just in case. "But, with her track record, she'll probably end up in here before long." I glared at him. Thanks, Dad! The doctor smirked. "I sincerely hope not." Sticking his pen inside the breast pocket of his coat, Carlisle reminded Charlie of the importance of rest and said his goodbyes, before walking away through the doors I had recently entered. I stared after the doctor, wondering if it was absurd to imagine angel song accompanying him as he walked. Thoughts of the beautiful man were pushed aside as I focused on the task of getting my injured dad home. I knew he had fully intended to go back to the station to sort out the paperwork, hence Burt's warning that Charlie would be home late, but I was having none of it. The doctor prescribed rest and painkillers, as I intended to ensure my dad got an abundance of both. A/N: Urgh, I hate beginning chapters! At least that's out of the way now. I have no idea what any of Charlie's colleagues are called, so Officer Burt is entirely my own creation. Although it's only just started, please r&r to let me know what you think and I hope to have the next chapter out very soon. Thanks for reading