could see from the outside. Stopping when he realized there was no way it could come out. Not yet. Not like this. Not without a doctor. Quil felt so fucking helpless. "Jesus, man," Rocking forward on his knees, Quil's hands lifted to his temples as he tried to figure out what to do. His eyes held the black ones of his best friend, who was now trembling viscerally as he fought to draw in his next breath, beads of sweat gathering on his forehead from what Quil had just tried to do. " Quil… " "You'll be okay," Quil soothed, interrupting Embry's insistent plea. Leaning down instead - doing whatever he needed to do to comfort his friend in that moment - one hand brushed sweaty strands of hair back from Embry's forehead while the other man's glassy eyes watched Quil. "You'll be okay, we just gotta get you out of here." Coughing, Embry's face crumpled beneath the pain and Quil tried...again...to ignore the small trickle of blood washing over his friend's lips. "I don't think wolf healing can fix this, Q…" Quil barked out an overly loud laugh, looking around frantically and realizing for the first time no one else was there. That the pack had driven the leeches away from the clearing, and no one was left but him and Embry. "You're funny, Call. You're a funny guy." Quil half-expected Embry to answer, but when he looked back down, he could see the blank look in his best friend's eyes, now focused on something Quil couldn't see. Feeling the excruciating panic rise in his chest, Quil leaned forward again, taking the other man's face between both of his large hands. "Em? Em, look at me!" It took Embry a moment but he finally blinked, just once before he focused on Quil's gaze. "I'm so cold…" Quil shook his head frantically, feeling that same panic wrap around his throat. Feeling an unfamiliar burning in his eyes as he reached up with one hand, swiping the moisture from his cheeks he didn't know was there. "Stop it," he growled, looking down. Holding Embry's liquid eyes, he refused to look at the spot in his chest that was still pumping out blood. He refused to acknowledge how he could feel it dampening the grass beneath his knees, or to admit how Embry's face was becoming more sallow by the second. "You're gonna be fine." Embry squeezed his eyes shut, using every ounce of strength he possessed inside him to smile. To open his eyes and find Quil's again. Gutting Quil from the inside out when he saw the lone tear squeeze its way from Embry's eye, disappearing as it fell into the grass below him. Quil couldn't help it, this time ignoring the throbbing ache in his chest - the hollow emptiness - as he reached out, taking his best friend's hand in his. Leaning forward and offering him his own smile when Embry's lips parted to speak. "Be there, Quil...for Maddie. For Bella…" Quil wanted to wipe the hot tears from his eyes again, but another part of him didn't give a fuck as he shook his head obstinately. As he tried to understand how any of this could be happening. "You're gonna be fine…" he whispered again, although he wasn't so sure he believed it anymore. He wasn't so sure that was the case as Embry's chest stilled, missing a handful of breaths before he found another. Before it happened again. How the seconds ticked by, creating longer gaps before Quil could hear the air pass over Embry's lips. Desperation clawing at his chest, Quil looked up in time to see Jacob's human form tearing from the treeline, running toward him, Paul and Leah following a moment later. It was in that single, split second Quil unwillingly saw everything. Every day of their twenty-two years on that earth. The times when he and Embry were kids and they got in trouble for trying to tie firecrackers to the tails of the reservation's stray cats. How pissed Embry had been when Quil lost his virginity before him, and how he rubbed it in Embry's face. The first time they got drunk on Quil's grandpa's moonshine and Quil just clapped his friend on the back, leaving his hand there when at the end of the night, Embry sobbed, years of frustration over a father that was never there coming to a head. How Embry had been an awesome father anyway. How fucking happy Bella made him. How much one beautiful little girl had completed his world. How much his family meant to him... A weak squeeze of his hand pulled Quil's attention back where it belonged. Quil didn't know what death looked like, but staring into his best friend's eyes - seeing that single moment of clarity and determination - he couldn't imagine he was seeing anything else. "Promise me… please ." Quil released a defeated breath, ignoring how it took everything inside him - every hope, every bit of self-reassurance he felt - right along with it. As he realized no matter what the outcome, no matter what happened, he would give his friend this much. Even if he wasn't around to make sure Quil saw it through… But Quil knew he would have promised it anyway the moment he silently agreed. Before he spoke the words. As he felt his heart shatter in his chest. Because Maddie was Embry's life. Bella was Embry's life, and Quil would make them his life, if that's what Embry wanted. So Quil smiled, doing the only thing he could think of, thankful for an infinite moment when he saw a single glimmer of peace in his best friend's eyes. The same moment Embry took his last breath, but not before Quil could say his last words to the person who'd been his best friend his entire life. "I promise, Em…" AN: *WAILS* I'm just gonna leave it at that... Review if you like.