on not giving me the chance to say anything or introduce myself "I just started here last month, you must be new. What grade are you in? The same as me? I'm in the 7th grade. I'm so glad your finally here I've been sitting by myself for the past few weeks. Where did you move from? Do you like your classes? I love mine but my biology class is super boring. My mother says I have to take it anyways, which is stupid since I'll probably have to take it in high school. What class to you have next? Are you gonna eat your food?" She said rushed out in all one breath. I just looked at her like she was insane, she asked me several question but never stopped talking so I could answer them, it seemed Alice had so sort of caffeine addiction. She seemed to realize I was a little overwhelmed by her talking attack that she immediately had a look of concern and remorse on her face. "Oh I'm sorry. My family always tells me I can be a little much at first. I just know that were gonna be best friends, I know this since I'm usually never wrong about my feelings." she continued smiling at me until she looked down at her lap and mumbled "I'm sorry I'm just excited to meet you". I chuckled at her worried expression that she ruined our meeting I figured to put her out of her misery as I started to like this little pixie more and more and could see becoming friends with her. "Hi Alice" I said and her whole face brighten up. I woke up after that gasping for air in the middle of the bed. Wondering what the hell just happened. I didn't dare to hope that my memory was suddenly coming back so I past it off as seeing something on T.V and just having a strange dream about it. That didn't last long as I continued to have these dreams of Alice, they were always different. After that first night I hardly had full conversations with her in my dreams, it was more of pictures and simple glimpses of us growing up together. I had them every night. After a couple weeks I was certain the were memories. Alice was my friend, we grew up together, I loved her. I found myself missing Alice even though I never remember seeing her in person. My "turning point" as I like to call it was one of the most vivid dreams of Alice, it wasn't a memory I knew that. She was talking to me in one of the living quarters in the Agency. "Your giving up" she stated not a question. Somehow I knew she was talking about my expectance of my new life. I just looked down at my lap almost feeling ashamed. "Well you can't, I need you". She said, tears in her eyes. I never seen Alice anything but happy. "We all need you" she said so quietly I almost didn't hear her. My head snapped up at that "What do you mean all, is there more of you Alice?" She just smiled and hugged me "Don't give up, he needs you Bella." she whispered. Yes. I learned my name that night or rather remembered it. Jacob gave me the name of "B" at the agency. I know how original right? I left the Agency only four months after "waking up". The night I left one of the other subjects who was there before me helped me escape. She was able to come and go as she pleased so helping me was easy for her. Unfortunately, I made it out, she didn't. She was killed because of me that night. Bree was the only real friend I had besides my dreams of Alice. So that brings me here to today. I've been on the run for two months now. Hiding, killing anyone of Jacobs goons he sends my way. I haven't killed anyone on any of his "jobs" or in training. Believe me, they wanted me to but I never felt right about it. Killing anyone that is involved with Jacob I have no problem with. I actually find a little peace with it. I've made a few friends along the way. There's no limit of enemies Jacob has. I go by "Bella" now. I want that fucker to know I know home is not with him. That I am not his "creation or property" as he would call me. I know there's just a matter of time before I get caught or get myself killed. But really there's no turning back now. I had several different dreams of Alice along with glimpses other people since that night, Alice is the clearest and the only one that I get to talk to. She's always talks about him now. Always telling me, He needs me and misses me. That he loves me. I don't know who he is but I know I need to find out. I need to find him. I need to avenge Bree. I need to find home. I need to see Alice. But first things first I need to kill Jacob Black. Note: There it is Chapter #1. I hope you guys like it so far, I had a lot more fun than I thought I would writing it. I know you guys knew it was Bella's POV but I tried to keep a secret as long as possible lol. Please leave comments and reviews. I do have a set way I want the story to go but it's always fun to hear other ideas from you all. Follow the story I will post as often as possible for you guys. As soon as its written Ill post it. Edward POV will enter soon. I will switch off back and forth. Will be most Bella but I always enjoy reading what our Edward thinks. Thank you.