fucking alien or something. "Ah, sort of. About your sensitivity to light – I expect it will pass. You are just not used to seeing with such…clarity." "CAIUS!" I scream a bit hysterical. "Yes?" "Please, I need to know. What happened last night?" "….." "Caius?" "It's been a week. Not a day." "….I've been unconscious for that long?" I ask him, in disbelief. He turns his eyes away from me, suddenly finding the doctors equipment much more interesting. But he relents, and tells me what happened. "A driver wasn't careful enough. He saw you too late. Your ribcage collapsed within a matter of minutes, and you would have bled out on the street if I had not bitten you. Aro came shortly after it happened. He thought you were really gone this time – went a little bananas and talked to you. Do you know how rare it is to be able to actually talk once bitten? The pain is supposed to be – and is- excruciating. Yet you talked. I think that must have calmed him down, if anything. After that, we realized that we could not go on staying there and neither could you. And so we took you with us. Back here, to our home." "So…there's no way to go back?" "I'm sorry, but it is…irreversible." He doesn't mean just the changes to my body. I know that. It means that I'll never see my friends, or my mother or father ever again. It means that I'll never laugh with Heather and the gang again – or cuddle my demonic cat Dinah. That the world that I've known all my life is gone. A sort of blank feeling settles inside me, I push the mirror away and stare into nothing for a minute. Then a violent emotion slowly rises in my chest. It hits me like a tidal wave and all I can think is He isn't even here. "Where is he Caius? Where is he right now?" I ask, and we both know who I'm talking about. "He's in a meeting. " He replies briskly. " Really." " Mina, listen to me. A lot had to be done when we came back after our sudden absence to restore a semblance of order-" "And what? He thought I was not important enough to deal with?" I ask, getting up from the patients chair. "Mina, you are making rushed conclusions out of nothing. You have no idea what it's been like for him while you were-" "Take me to him. Right now." I've never really stormed out of a place before, but I think I do a good and dramatic job of it. Being half vampire and half human has its benefits, with my silver eyes blazing as I stride down the cobbled corridor – Caius tight on my heels. Since I'm quite angry, I take no real notice of the gate leading in to the reception area of the volturi HQ. I don't really acknowledge the receptionist inside either, or the way my quick feet make hollow, eerie noises on the marble floor, that echo through the never ending hallways filled with both famous and historic paintings. Some of the eyes in the painting seem to glare down on me as I pass by. I pay them no heed, marching on with my black bob of hair standing out on end like the bristled fur on an angry cat. A hand clamps around my arm, holding me back. The funny thing is, somehow I can smell who it is without even turning around. "Caius – I need to see him right now. Don't try to stop me!" "I wasn't going to. It's just that- you might want to close your robe." ….. In semi-embarrassed silence I look down and rectify my semi-naked situation before continuing on with my angry rampage. I might be wrong, but hello kitty briefs on display doesn't exactly support my righteous anger. Right, If I remember correctly, the grand throne room should be behind THESE giant oak doors. Gaining momentum for a moment, I dramatically slam them open. A great gush of wind hits my face. On the other side of the doors – nothing. What? Yes – nothing but what appears to be a neglected broom closet. Perhaps film logic is nothing to rely on in this situation. Caius pokes his head in over my shoulder. "Actually – the throne room is this way." he says and points. Oh, Ah. "Right, I knew that." Finally I come to a door I recognize exactly. And from what strange smells I can gather, what I'm looking for is inside. This time I don't waste it gaining momentum,as I give the door a karate kick to open it. The light of wax candles greet me in the vast marble hall - Along with around forty pair of glossy red eyes, which turn swiftly in my direction from where I stand at the entrance. A long table with dark clad figures sit around it, and I gather that this must be the Volturi council. I glance up towards the three thrones – I meet eyes with Marcus briefly, him looking terribly guilty – which I'm glad of. I look at the other throne – and find nobody sitting on it. Briefly, I'm confused. Loud footsteps in the silence. Then suddenly and without warning, a heady smell of primrose and damp corpses assaults my senses. Someone has walked up next to me from behind. The object of my fury. I give in and look at him. He hasn't changed, yet everything about him is totally different. He's somehow more horrid and beautiful than ever. Maybe it's my new eyes. He seems indifferent, glancing around the room with an almost jovial expression on his face which infuriates me even further. He's carrying a thin book in his chalky hands. He turns his eyes on me and acts surprised. " My little wisp of the willows. Awake so soon?"