paths to the kitchen where the simmering pots and pans are awaiting him. I hear him move the lids and "hmmmm" and "fuck yeah's" at the food. The pouring of wine in a glass is heard just before a grunt and the depressing cushions on our loveseat grunt from his weight. He's gotten himself relaxed and comfortable, time for me to get out there and get my man. I give myself a little pep talk and walk out the room. He's shirtless and barefoot on the small loveseat, one sexy foot is over the backrest of the seat and his hand is also balancing the wineglass. The TV is on and he's watching a football game, moving to the stereo and turn down the music, maybe I can get him to turn the TV off while we have diner. I walk towards him slowly trying my best seductive walk, but I get no attention. His eyes are glued to the TV, I huff a little and move closer to sit between his legs, I lean in and kiss his lips, his eyes still don't leave the screen, I whisper in his ear that I'm happy he's home, I lick the shell of his ear and nibble on his earlobe, his unoccupied hand comes close to my back and presses my body against his as he grunts from the pressure of my body against his rising cock. My lips assault the warm skin of his neck, mouth moving down to his pecks, I kiss, lick and nibble at his flesh, trying to make him forget about the game and focus on my body. I see him turn his attention to my face when I suck in my mouth one of his perky nipples. The low grunt and whimper make me feel powerful, the huge smile on my faces lets him know that I'm going in for the kill. Well let's just say that the food had to be turned off and reheated four hours later, yes you read right, we kissed on the couch for a few minutes, my warm breath over his covered hard cock, made him turn the Football game off, lips and tongue sliding and gliding over his perfect abs made him pull my shirt off. My hands pulling at his slacks made him want to move into the bedroom, we fumbled and grope eachother stumbling to the room. He pulled and pushed me to the bed aggressively, his want was to the roof, but I wanted him to slow down so I pushed his body to the mattress and slowly and chastely kissed a path down his body, when I got to his belt buckle he helped me take the pants off, I moved to get mine off sliding them down paired with my boxer shorts. My cock sprang free hard and eager. He moved to his knees and kiss the tip but this wasn't what I wanted I needed to make him feel good, to express this way how much I love him and how much I needed him. His body glisten from the sweat, from all my teasing - I'd kissed, nibbled and lick every inch of his body, well except for his hard purple cock, that kept standing to attention while he lay on the bed. His eyes closed and his hands fisted on the grey sheets, that sight of him this was weakening my resolve about teasing him more. I grabbed the lube and wetted my fingers, as I sucked his cock hard I pressed a finger to his hole and massaged his entrance slowly, I would be taking him hard and fast. He would feel the extend of my love for him, not to mention the lust I felt just when he smiled at me. His low grunts and whimpers where getting louder, so I moved to press my covered cock to his ass, his legs automatically spread welcoming my body. I pressed a little harder and his flesh yield to mine. The warmed and pressure of him around me almost made me cum on the spot. Breathing harder I pressed on. I was seated inside him. We were one. I felt him take a long breath and his lips where at my neck, his hands holding me against him. We rocked together and moved in unison slowly at first. The I love you's pored out like wave after wave of hidden feelings, all spilled over Edward, surrounding us both in this thing that we had now christen as a full fleshed relationship. I moved harder against him, his whispers louder in my ears, I wanted him to scream my name. My mouth hovered over his, sharing breath, his eyes heavy lidded with lust, his hands roamed my back, arms, ass, pressing my body harder against his, as if he couldn't stand for any part of our flesh not to be connected. I wanted more. I moved his legs over my shoulders and the position moved me closer and deeper inside him, his hard cock was closer now. Stroking and fucking him harder our noises a symphony that could never be compared. The deep heat in my belly build to a high flame and the explosion that erupted from, rocked my whole body and I spilled inside Edward marking him forever as mine. The low growl that spilled from Edward's trout, proceeded his orgasm, the warmed of his cum cued the aftershocks shaking my body. Tangled in a sweaty messy heap, we lay there basking in the knowledge that this was so true and so real that we'd never should have fought it off, or thought it would be different. We were always meant to be, and I knew because it was always how he made me feel. Well there you go. I hope you enjoyed my first attempted at M/M slash, I promise I'll get better, after all Practice makes perfect ... thanks for giving it a chance. Reviews = Love!