head, telling him that I just could not talk about it, silently asking him to not say anything. His face showed understanding and he quickly rearranged his features to display nothing. "Alright, alright. Break it up you guys," Coach Clapp said, coming over with his loud steps, whistle in his hand. He turned away as the couples separated and addressed the class. "Alright, everyone! Today, We will be beginning the basketball segment. Now I want you all To break into groups of six. Your groups of six will be going against each other. Now, I know that the traditional basketball team only has five on the court, But as Isabella is joining us For the rest of the year, we need to accommodate the extra number. Now, break into your groups and we will draw numbers as to who goes first!" He blew his whistle and Alice gripped me tightly. "You'll be in our group, right, Bella?" She looked up at me with her large golden eyes and I nodded. We passed the ball around a bit, laughing and Emmett holding the ball about Alice's head, much too high for her to reach. It was funny watching her try to reach it while pretending to be human. Our team was first to face off against the ones I sat at lunch with earlier. Jessica was glaring at me baleful and jealousy simmering in her eyes. She wasn't much of a sports player. Neither was Lauren or Angela. The boys were decent, but nothing against six vampires. Once gym ended, Alice and Rosalie walked inside the locker room with me. Alice told me to meet them at Edwards car, the silver mobile in the lot. Once we met there, They would lead the way to their place. I agreed and told them I had to make a quick stop at home So they said they would wait for me. After they left the room I felt a tap on my shoulder, The warm Informing me that it was a human. I turn to see Jessica and Lauren standing behind me with angry looks on their face. I raised an eyebrow, silently asking what their problem was. "Who do you think you are, new girl?" Lauren sneered. "You come here, acting as if you are better than everyone else, hanging with Cullens, ignoring the rest of us commoners. What makes you think you're any better than us?" I laughed loudly and they looked at me insulted. "Maybe they're talking to me because they actually like having a decent conversation with someone on their intellectual level? Or it could be that they don't want to hear about the latest gossip all around town. I don't know could be anything," I said casually. Jessica snorted. "Oh please, you're just trying to get to Edward. Well, news flash bitch, if anyone deserves him, it's us. We've been trying to get his attention for years-" I interrupted swiftly. "And last I checked, you never got it. Now if you'll excuse me, I have plans for the rest of my day," I said coolly and turned on my heel, walking out of the locker room. When I got to the parking lot, only Edward was there. I smiled at him and he grinned back. "I'm going to follow you to your place, then once you're ready, I'll drive us to my house," he explained and I nodded, quickly getting into my car. Less than forty minutes later, I was sitting in the passenger seat of Edward's silver Volvo. It smelled just like him. I fiddled with the radio after gesturing towards it and receiving an approving nod. I turned on the cd player, and Claire De Lune started pouring through the speakers. I relaxed against the warm leather seats as I let the music engulf me. In no time at all, we were in front of a beautiful mansion made of mostly glass. Before I could open my own door, Edward was opening it for me and holding out his hand to help me out of the car. I took it with a small smile, stepping out of the car cautiously. Edward walked me to the door, and as he opened the door I heard Swift footsteps rushing towards the front room. Alice, Jasper, Emmett, and Rosalie were all there. Joining them, were two new people I had not seen nor met before. "You must be Bella," the woman said, stepping closer and grasping me in a tight hug. When she pulled back, she was wearing the most beautiful smile I had ever seen. She exhumed elegance that transcended from another time, a timeless beauty. The man put an arm on her shoulders gently. "We were so excited to hear about you, we're so happy that you have decided to join us in our home, " the man said. "My name is Carlisle, and this is my wife, Esme." I smiled at the couple. They were sweet as could be. "You're home is beautiful," I said shyly and Esme beamed at me. "Thank you dear," she said proudly. "So Bella," Carlisle started, and I turned to face him. "I think I speak for everyone when I say we would love to hear more about yourself," my eyes clouded as my memories floated behind my eyes. I quickly shook my head. Carlisle looked confused. "I'm sorry, I'm just not ready to share my story with strangers. I've barely come to accept it myself," I explained. He looked a little defeated but nodded. Alice approached with a soft smile. "It's okay Bella, we won't force you, We all have had our fair share of difficult time accepting what's happened to us. In fact, some of us still haven't," her eyes drifted to Rosalie for a split second before meeting my eyes again and making me nearly break with her next words. "But just know this Bella, you no longer have to be alone. We are your family too now."