then relented with a petulant huff as Jasper disappeared down the aisle. He snatched his earphones up and restarted the movie, but couldn't concentrate on what was playing on the screen in front of him. His mind was filled with images of Isabella's chocolate-brown eyes and heart-shaped face, which he had memorized during those precious seconds before she noticed him, and before her face turned red with anger. Then he recalled the jolt of pure energy that had coursed through his body when he touched her; a feeling he had never experienced before. He ran his left hand over his right bicep, just to check whether it was generating any more heat than his other limbs, which of course it wasn't, but he could feel his heart pounding in his chest as though he had over-dosed on adrenaline. He pressed the button which controlled the rake of his seat, and within a few seconds he was lying almost flat, then he closed his eyes so he could concentrate on recalling what had just happened in the last few minutes. Who was this fire cracker of a girl who had rejected him so spectacularly? Being turned down so emphatically, then verbally and physically assaulted, was a new experience for him and he didn't know how to handle it. Was she beautiful? Yes. Talented? Obviously. So, like him, was she fed up with being constantly hit on by the opposite sex, so had she reacted exactly as if a random woman had tried to hit on him in the same way? If that was the case, then he felt a bit better about her initial reaction to his invitation, but he was still angry she felt he was to blame for the wine incident, as she was the one who threw the first drink. He sensed Jasper had returned to his seat, so he opened his eyes and moved his seat upright in preparation for the fall out, but Jasper ignored him; remaining silent as he picked up his remote to flick through the movie channels to find something to watch for the final hours of the journey. After a few minutes of being ignored, Edward couldn't contain himself any longer and demanded to know what had happened. Jasper turned towards him with a look of sheer contempt on his face. "Fortunately for you, Miss Swan is not pressing charges for assault and the air crew are also not going to file a report. You behaved abominably back there, Edward, and any decent person would have apologized to everyone concerned." Edward went to say something, but Jasper shot him down. "Before you rush to defend yourself, you are exactly what Miss Swan called you; an 'ignorant bastard'. You haven't got an ounce of humility in your body and you just can't handle not getting your own way. So, for the rest of the journey, I suggest you sit quietly in your seat and do what you normally do, which is concoct an excuse in your over-privileged brain that will convince your conscience, if you have one, that none of this was your fault as usual. While you're doing that, if you don't mind, I'm going to watch a movie for the rest of the flight and I don't want to be disturbed." Edward opened his mouth to respond with a smart-ass retort, but for once thought better of it. Jasper had put his earphones in and had turned in his seat so his back was to Edward, effectively preventing any chance of hearing the response to his cutting remarks, so Edward was left alone with his thoughts for the rest of the journey. Within the space of a few minutes, his agent had turned on him spectacularly, giving him some home-truths about his attitude, and had threatened to dump him as a client. He had also met the first girl who had ever rejected him and damn it to heaven, she had lit a fire in his belly and he couldn't fathom why. Was it the thrill of the chase? Did he only want her so his unblemished record of conquests remained at 100% success rate, or was there something else there, something he had never experienced before? He recalled the saying that 'the eyes are the window to the soul', and he had seen something in her beautiful brown eyes that intrigued him. He squeezed his own eyes tightly shut when he recalled the look of disgust she threw at him as he backed off from the wine disaster and accepted then that if he wanted to find out more about Isabella Swan in order to establish any sort of future relationship with her, he would have to be prepared to do a serious amount of grovelling. But he had never had to grovel to get a woman before; it was against his nature to do such a thing. He resolved then to try to forget about Lady Isabella Swan, the Doyenne of Broadway, and be content with what he had now, which was a harem of beautiful, willing women in Hollywood, who just sat by their cell phones waiting for his call. It had worked for him for the past ten years, so why change the habit of a lifetime because of one girl? "Chances are our paths are highly unlikely to cross again," he muttered under his breath as he closed his eyes. But of course, they were. A/N: I hope you have enjoyed the introduction to my new story. It will be a fun-filled, romantic, but occasionally a bumpy ride, so be prepared! E dward, to start with, is not a nice guy to be around, but maybe there's a reason he's like this? Bella is a feisty character, which means there are definitely fireworks ahead if (when) these guys hook up! Reviews are always a pleasure to receive but I won't nag for them, so thank you in advance if you feel inclined. Joan (aka Michaelmas54) xx