ring. "Hello?" I answer. "Hi sis I just wanted to tell you we made it home alright." I hear Bella say from the other end. "That's great I will tell mom when she wakes up." I say. "What do you mean when she wakes up its four in the afternoon." Bella says. "Oh! Well you know she was just so tired from staying up all night worrying about if you will make it home that she was just so tired out and went to take a nap." I lied. I didn't want Bella to worry about anything down here. I could take care of mom and Phil. "Ok well when mom gets up tell her I love her and I am safe and will call her after I get out of school tomorrow." Bella says. "Ok I love you sis." "Love you too." I hang up and sigh. A nurse brought in a rolling cot and set it up for me. "You should get some sleep you have been through a lot today." The nurse says to me and smiles sympathetically at me. I smile and agree with her and lay down in bed. As soon as my head hit the pillow I was asleep. It had been about three week since the car accident now. My mother and Phil had healed enough to leave the hospital and were doing fine. Unfortunately my mother found that it was too dangerous for me to live in Florida. She became paranoid whenever I stepped foot out of the house and it was getting on my nerves. One night I finally had enough of it. "Would it be better if I went and lived with dad then? There is hardly anyone around his house. I will be sheltered just like you want!" I yelled at her. "Fine do whatever you want! Don't blame me if you end up on the side of the road DEAD!" She screams at me. I run to my room and slam my door. I was going to do what I wanted since she suggested it. I grab four suit cases and start to pack everything I can. My largest suit case was filled with all of my books and my laptop and its essentials. The second and third was filled with as much of my clothes as I could get into them. The fourth suit case was for pictures, toiletries, and my favorite blanket and pillows. I grab two suitcases at a time and take them out to my car. I then grab my keys and purse and leave the house. I drive to the nearest bank and close out my savings account to have money to get across the country. For the five days it took me to get across country I ignored my phone. The final night I was on the road, still in lower Oregon, I finally checked my phone. I was not surprised that I had seventy five missed calls and fifty text messages and sixty five voicemails. I scroll thought who it all was that called. Mom called most of the time there were a few from Bella and a few from dad and even a couple from Edward. Then a knock came from my door. I thought that it was someone who had mistaken my room for someone else. However when I opened the door I was shocked to see Edward. "Are you crazy?" he asks as he comes into my hotel room. "Did I invite you in?" I ask kind of ruder then I intend. "No but do you know how dangerous it is out there? People are coming up missing almost every day near Seattle." he says. "Sorry gesh, anyways Seattle is hundreds of miles away from here." I say. He sighs I knew from his thoughts that they were coming up missing for Vampire reasons but he was still genuinely worried none the less. He comes over and hugs me. I could feel how cold he was and it was almost like hugging a statue. "I'm sorry. It's just Bella and your dad have been worried sick about you and so have I." he says pulling out of the hug. I could see not only his concern for me but how it worried him how bad Bella was taking it "I kind of left in a hurry and I was angry... very angry and I didn't want anyone to convince me otherwise to go back." I say looking down feeling guilty. "Just don't do that to them again ok. Now come on, I will drive you the rest of the way to Forks." Edward says as he grabs the knapsack I brought in from my car. "Are you sure?" I asks. "I mean its late and…" "Remember I don't sleep I don't mind." he says and gives me a small smile. "Plus I have to get back to make sure Bella hasn't been thrown to the dogs." he says. I looked at him confused but he just shakes his head with a smile at my question, but from mind reading it had something to do with wolves which made me worry a little. "Ok we can go." I say. I return my room key to the manager of the hotel and hop into the passenger seat of my car. "Ready?" he asks. I buckled up then nodded. He speeds out of the parking lot. "HOLY COW WHAT THE HELL EDWARD!" I scream. I look over at the speedometer. It was up to 120. My eyes bug out of my head. "Calm down Grace I am a very good driver." he says smirking. "CALM DOWN YOUR PUSHING 150!" "your car only goes 140." "Exactly!" I say still worried. "If you close your eyes you won't know how fast I am going." he says. I glair at him the sit back in my seat and close my eyes. I take a deep breath and relax. Within minutes I was fast asleep.